# File: Fool's Luck - The Way of the Commoner.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

s
ot

5 Che wate of the Commoner


The Way of the Commone |

By Buck CDarchinzon and Deena CDcKinney


Written by: Buck Marchinton and Deena McKinney
Developer: Ian Lemke

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Actists: Steve Ellis, Jeff Hole, Jeremy Jarvis, Matthew Mitchell,
Jeff Rebner, James Stowe, Drew Tucker

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Cover Art: Matt Wilson
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

em

au

n@ FF gp) 735 Park Hoe Bo

~

CANE STUDIO

©1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Datk Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, The Fools Luck the Way of the
Commoner, Freeholds and Hidden Glens, Nobles the Shining
Host, The Shadow Court, Changeling Players Guide, Isle of the
Mighty, The Enchanted, The Book of Lost Dreams, Dreamsand
Nightmares, Noblesse Oblige the Book of Houses, Changeling
Storytellers Guide, Kingdom of Willows, Inanimae the Secret
‘Way and Year of the Reckoning are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publish-
ing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company ot product in
these pages is not a challenge to the tradematk or copyright
concerned,

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.

Hey, you! Yeah, you! Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
tec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES

The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Sa

| Concencts

| Summer CDotc: A Faerys Tale H
Incroduecion: No co the CDanor Born 12
Chapzer One: To Viccors, the Spoils (A Guide co Commoner Hiscory) 16 (&
Chapzer Tio: Nacural Orders 50 (f y
Chapcer Three: Flesh and Bone B

| Chapzer Four: Harvest of Dreams 80

| Chapzer Five: Names, Faces and Places 92
Chapcer Six: Cavalcade of Commoners 108

Appendix: Piskies and Spriggan


Wan

==

flo

hevst

And you, are you so forgetful of your past, is there
no echo of your poets' songs, your dreamers' dreams,

your rebels' calls?
Emma Goldman

Julia suppressed a feeling of impending doom as
she drove home from the baronial court, Arawn and
Ellawyn held much more in their hearts than they
voiced aloud, that Julia could plainly see. Then again,
they'd actually been at King Meilge's ball in honor of
the High King and Queen; the Baron and Baroness of
Vellumton had witnessed firsthand the despair of
lovely Faerilyth, the concern of the court and the
chivalry of Sir Seif. Julia smiled at that last. Seif had
ed Vellumton during the Twilight Criterion bike
and told such marvelous tales that even the
normally sedate Ellawyn had cried tears of laughter.
Now, thought Julia bitterly, it would be many days

before the baroness saw joy again.

As she parked outside her dilapidated house in
Athens' historic Normaltown district, Julia saw some-
one lurking on the porch, sniffing the begonias and idly

batting the wind chimes. Darkness was just starting to
fall, but Julia could see her visitor stood on long slender
legs covered in downy brown fur. The satyr's tail flicked
nervously, and her hooves tapped out an impatient
thythm. The light breeze gently lifted her purple g

ze
minidress. She dropped a curtsy as Julia stepped slowly
from the car.

"Lady Jul

"Tam she," replied Julia. "May I help you with some-
thing?"

ia Spencer-Drake?" asked the satyr

To her surprise, the satyr hopped off the porch and
eagerly seized her hands. "I'm so glad to meet you! I've
come a long way to answer your request."

"Request?" said Julia. "But...."

"In your book. The Annals of House Fiona. You
asked for people to tell you about history. Well,
am!" finished the visitor with a wave of her hands.

Summer CDote: A Facry's Tale


"Ah, um, so I see. Well, do come inside and let's get
something to drink." Julia's good sidhe manners as-
serted themselves as she led the satyr into the big, high-
ceilinged room that served as living, dining and kitchen
areas. Thank heavens I managed to kick most of my crap
into the bedroom, she thought as the satyr looked over
the place. But how on earth did this woman manage to look
at my book? It was only sent to a few historians in Concordia,
just recently at that.

The satyr prattled on. "I'm Marina, from the County
of Beacon Hills. It's up on the border between the
Duchies of Appalachia and the Triangle. | thought I
could help you out." Marina settled herself on the
futon, not deigning to notice the piles of books and
dirty laundry littering the room.

Opening the fridge, Julia poured two ginger ales with
a splash of grenadine over ice, handing one to her guest.
"Well met, then, Marina. You obviously know who I am
already. What about my writing brings you here?"

Marina's voice dropped to a whisper. "It's no se-
cret, m'lady, that trouble is brewing. Though slow,
word does reach even our remote freehold. Our count-
ess is a distant cousin of Meilge and our count a sworn
knight of House Gwydion. Already there is tension at
home over the state of the High Kingship, and if rumors
resound in the tiny realm of Beacon Hills, surely they
must be elsewhere. Some of the trolls are honing their
weapons already. We need no new wars to tear us apart.
I daresay there are wounds left unsalved from the last
one. Which bring me to my point in seeing you." The
satyr took a deep breath. "In writing the history of your
noble house, you said you were interested in a com-
moners' view of the Accordance War. Is this still the
case?" Julia nodded, eyes suddenly alight. "Then, [ have
a plan to propose to you. Did you ever see that TV
movie a few years back, about that woman journalist
who infiltrated the Playboy bunnies?"

Julia suppressed an urge to giggle. "Um, yes, I saw
it; her name's Gloria Steinheim, and she made quite a
name for herself, didn't she?"

Marina nodded soberly. "As I hope you will, m'lady,
when you go among the commoners and write their true
history. All of it, particularly that of the Accordance
War. You must do it quickly, too, so people can have a
chance to see their mistakes before it's too late. Maybe
if all the Kithain can read about what happened when
we were a people divided all those years ago, they'll
know better in the present."

"Well, it's quite a clever idea," said Julia, "but I'm
afraid I still have one problem dear Gloria didn't: I'm

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

not a commoner, and I have no way to insinuate myself
into their good graces. Not so quickly, anyway, even if
T am of House Fiona."

"That's where I come in," muttered Marina. "I
know a person who can...give you a makeover. I don't
mean just a bunny tail either! You can walk among the
commoners and really hear what they have to say." She
paused anxiously. "So will you do it?"

Julia walked to the window and peered out. Here
was the chance she'd dreamed about and never thought
possible. The moon was full that night, and in her
heart, she heard echoes of ancient cries of war and
death. Could she prevent suffering amongall fae by this
act? Would exposing the truth of history from the
commoner's perspective cause resentment and anger?
Or would it reveal their courage and honor, equal to
the sidhe, revealing to the nobles that enmity with the
commoners was savage and reprehensible?

Lady Julia of the Drake, historian of House Fiona,
turned to the satyr. "I am ready to depart whenever
you are."

See

Marina asked Julia to lead her to a place where
flowers grew. So they ended up at the botanical gar-
dens, a lush setting that housed countless varieties of
plants and shrubs. Marina walked to a trellis crowned
with sleeping morning glories and twisted a ring on her
finger. Julia had noticed it earlier, a lovely piece of
work, stacked circles of gold with tiny rubies. The
trellis vibrated and shone with inner light as Julia felt
the stirring of Glamour. Inside the trellis, another
world appeared, one that resonated with ancient power
and long-forgotten lore.

"Hurry through; the gate will close in a moment,"
gasped Marina, straining with the effort of focusing the
ring's power. Julia wasted no time, and the satyr fol-
lowed her. The trellis vanished, and now they stood in
a beautiful glade of fir trees. Soft light filtered through
the evergreens, illuminating rich loamy soil. A few
squirrels chittered at them, and Julia laughed in delight
as they came closer, begging for nuts.

"Why, this is the Dreaming!" she cried aloud. "You
didn't tell me we were coming here." The satyr merely
smiled. Julia had forgotten how even the Near Dream-
ing where they now stood changed one's perceptions;
the Mists usually clouded her thoughts when she re-
turned to the waking lands. Marina looked more feral
than before; her horns were longer and curlier, her tail
more bushy. And there was much more of the satyr to


behold, for she had shed most of her clothing save a
light silken sarong that barely covered her breasts and
thighs. She was quite captivating, and the sidhe drank
in the lovely sight of her.

"We have a long way to travel," said Marina. "Stay
on the trod, whatever you see and feel. The Firchlis
may pass and change everything, but don't stray from
the path! Do you understand?" Julia nodded, and they
set off down the silvery road of light that lay before
them. It was oh so tempting to run and play with the
many creatures she saw, tiny flying horses, singing
caterpillars and even rabbits in tuxedos, walking up-
right. Nothing she saw stayed the same for long. Even
the scent and sound of the place was beguiling; the
sidhe smelled apple and cherry blossoms and listened to
distant music that made her heart ache with a memory
just out of reach. If she could only hear more! But Julia
followed her guide and did not step off the trod. Pres-
ently, a strong wind blew around them, whistling and
stirring up sand. The sidhe blinked, and suddenly she
stood at the edge of a verdant cornfield. The silver path
led through the knee-high stalks, and on the far side,
Julia saw a small village.

"We'll go to the inn and see if Aldo is there. We
need a stiff drink before we meet with Cruithne,"
murmured Marina. Julia nodded and followed. Only as
she passed by the mill on the edge of the village and
stopped to splash her face clean in the water trough did
she see her own appearance. Gone were the wire-
rimmed spectacles; her eyes gleamed silvery gray, the
light of them piercing and bright. Now her dull-brown.
hair hung in thick waves reaching the earth. Her
clothing had changed too; instead of jeans and a tank
top, her slender form was clad in a deep burgundy
cotehardie embroidered with rampant silver lions and
heraldic trumpets. A silver girdle inset with ruby roses
circled her waist. If only I looked this good back home,
she mused.

Marina had walked ahead to what was clearly the
inn; a big sign hung outside the door, proclaiming it
"The Dragon's Den: Food and Spirits." A finely dressed
boggan smoking a pipe sat on a bench outside; his eyes
were pert and his face ruddy and well scrubbed. He
jumped up as the satyr approached.

"Well met, Marina!" he said, eagerly kissing her
hands. "It has been too many days since you came
here."

"There have been many tasks to perform in the
waking world," sighed Marina. "But let me introduce
my guest, Lady Julia of the Drake." The boggan bowed

deeply. "Lady Julia, this is my good friend Aldo, who
runs the finest inn this side of Arcadia."

"Iris a beautiful place," said Julia graciously, and so
it was. The inn was built from dark timbers and neatly
daubed walls. A brand new thatched roof crowned the
two-story building. Aldo had polished the diamond-
pane windows and brass door fittings to perfection
Boxes of bright flowers sat all around the entrance and
from inside came the warm scent of fresh baked bread
and beeswax tapers.

"Come in, come in," Aldo motioned with his chubby
arms. "The best for you, always!"

After a jug of good ale, crusty bread with honey
butter anda venison and vegetable tart, Julia fele warm
and happy inside. She yawned, a little disheartened by
Marina's next words.

"{ wish we could stay the night," the satyr said
wistfully, "but I would take Lady Julia to the keep
before sunset."

"That's wise," replied Aldo, lettinga perfect smoke
ring rise from his pipe. "Don't want to run into the
dragon, especially as you two aren't dressed for battle."

"Dragon?" Julia was wide awake now.

"Oh yes. It's been there as long as I can remember.
Don't ask me how the sage manages to avoid it, but he
does somehow," shuddered Aldo

"They have an understanding," said Marina shortly.
"So if you're ready, Lady Julia?" The sidhe nodded and
shook off her sleepiness. If Marina was taking her to
some sort of sage, probably a satyr, she'd have to be alert
and on her toes. She thanked the boggan, and the pair
resumed their journey. Outside, a cool wind blew,
pushing her to wakefulness. The sun was just setting,
and for the first time, Julia saw their destination: a
mountain fortress that towered above the village. Dark
mists had covered it earlier, and it still seemed a
foreboding place. But Marina said nothing and just
trotted off toward the mountain's lowest crags. Pres-
ently, Julia saw that steps were carved into the rocks.
Marina climbed easily, and Julia was surprised not to be
winded as they reached the summit. Before her stood
an old keep, little more than a pair of rowers joined by
a wall, surrounding a single great hall. Tattered pen-
nons fluttered in the breeze, but Julia couldn't make
out the heraldry. Marina seemed to know her way
around and walked through the heavy oak door in the
nearest tower, leading the way into a courtyard. There
were no horses, carts or piles of hay, only gray stone
that sang each time their feet struck the ground. The

VAS

S

f2

BE

\G

echo against the walls was chilling, and Julia shud-
dered; she felt someone unseen watching their ap-
proach. Presently, they reached the entrance to the
hall, two great wooden doors banded in black iron
which swung open unaided as Marina approached them.
Inside was a huge chamber where lights from a hundred
candles flickered off the walls. Rushes covered the
floor, and all around was the smell of wood smoke and
dust.

"Up the stairway," motioned Marina, indicating
the wide stone steps to one side. Once again, the sidhe
followed, from the stairs to the landing, down a hall to
a room. The door was open, and from inside came a
deep voice.

"Must you lurk all evening outside my chamber? As
if I hadn't waited all day for you to arrive!"

Julia crossed the threshold and beheld...a human?
The voice came not from an ancient satyr as she'd
expected but from some wizened old mortal coot who
gave her a cool once over. He seemed to be appraising
her not with desire but like a cat looking over its meal.
She stiffened her backbone and met his gaze, for no
noble of House Fiona ever knew fear, save when a lover
was in danger. Something about his eyes was hypnotic;
they were deep green with gold flecks and large, dark
pupils. His head was nearly bald and what hair he had
was wispy and gray; he wore no beard. His robes were
rather plain, hanging to the floor, dyed nut brown. She
looked away after a moment, noticing for the first time
that rows and rows of bookshelves surrounded her.
Thousands of volumes must have been in the room; the
shelves stretched past the old man and were so tall,
Julia couldn't see the far walls.

The old man seemed not to notice her wandering
eyes and wasted no time with friendly greetings; he
didn't even bother standing up from the desk where he
was writing. "I am Cruithne Alexis, a sage renowned
for many seasons," he said in a haughty tone. "My good
servant Marina has told me that you wish to go among
the commoners of the Kithain and write their history.
And that youneed a disguise, to become one of them in
body, in order to complete this task. Tell me, then, why
the mask? Why not just be yourself?"

How did he know? thought the sidhe. Marina has
been with me the entire time; surely she didn't have a chance
to tell him. And what's this about her being a servant?
"Because," answered Julia aloud, "I want the real his-
tory. [know I could get much of the truth if I just went
as myself, but there are things commoners would never
tell a noble. I want to know how people honestly feel,
even if it's not too flattering to me and other nobles."

"But don't you think that such actions will anger
the commoners when they find out? Wouldn't they say
their words were being stolen, filtered through some
sidhe trickster's voice? Will not this make them more
resentful than ever?" Cruithne stared hard at her.

"Perhaps. But I will faithfully record their words,
both fair and foul, particularly about the Accordance
War. Other historians of the Kithain have been too
afraid to describe what really happened during those
dark years. They were terrible times, the Night of Iron
Knives, the death of Dafyll, the Battles of Manhattan.
Someone must paint the complete picture for everyone
to know what those times were like! Because such
destruction must never happen again."

The sage nodded. "I see. And I believe you. I think
you will make the best effort you can to write this
history. So | am inclined to grant your request and
shape you into one of the commoners, that you may
walk as one among equals. I must of course consult
certain materials first, so wait here. You may browse my
library until I return." The old scholar rose from his
chair and walked down one of the long rows, vanishing
after a few moments.

Julia had never seen so many books in her life,
especially not with titles like The Chronicle of Denbigh,
The Bestiary of Kelidan or The Boke of Wurms of Alban.
Who was this man, and where did he find such tomes,
Julia wondered. Certainly he was no Kithain. Was he a
mortal sorcerer? After walking up and down several
rows and musing on the old man, the sidhe found that
the sight of so many books made her head swim, so she
looked elsewhere.

On the mantle was the most striking portrait Julia
had ever seen. It was a human lady, not beautiful
exactly, but someone who surely must have been noble,
so proudly she held herself. Her dark brown hair was
coiled into braids crowning her head. The woman wore
a formfitting scarlet gown decorated at the throat and
wrists by exquisite embroidery in gold and green threads;
was it a late Norman style? In her white slender hands,
the lady held a rose, and her dark eyes glared down in
clear challenge. The sidhe stared at the picture "Who
was she?" wondered Julia aloud.

"She was, and is, a very great lady," replied her
host, coming back into the room and seating himself at
the desk again. "We taught each other about the game
of chess, many years ago." He smiled, thinking of those
ancient nights. "But now, onto your dilemma. I have
consulted my references and believe I can accomplish
your request. What can you offer me, little faery, in
return for what you seek?"

8 The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Julia knew this was coming. "I am of the blood of
House Fiona," she said proudly. "We are well known for
our passion. I would give you a night of my caresses for
this feat of magic."

Cruithne laughed long and hard. "And pray tell,
what would I do with a night of memories? You're a
pretty little thing, I must admit, but I have no interest
in sleeping with faeries. What else have you to offer?"

Well, well, thought the sidhe, maybe it would embar-
rass the poor old fellow. Aloud she said, "We are also
known for our prowess in arms. I would be willing to
undertake a battle for you, provided it is not against my
own kind."

"Again, | have no need for warriors," replied the
sage. "Do you have aught else to give?"

Julia was stumped. "What do you want?" she asked
finally

"Marina told me you were a scholar, a writer, a
historian," Cruithne said. "Why have you not offered
me these skills?"

nap

"[ had no idea one of your stature in such things
would need one as young and inexperienced as 1,"
answered Julia truthfully. "You have more tomes and
writings than any ten Kithain could produce in a
lifetime."

"But how do you think I became so wise? You seek
love and passion however you find Julia nod-
ded assent. "I seek knowledge in the same manner. I
know you have something I would find useful. For

example, Marina has told me you were writing a history
of your house and that others have done the same. That
would be quite sufficient."

"But..." Julia's mind reeled. "These things are for
the Kithain. How can a human possibly understand
them?"

"Leave that to me," said Cruithne in a cold voice.
"Swear an oath that you will bring me your writing and
that of the others, and in good faith, I will perform the
ritual. You will have a year and a day to complete your
work and return here with the materials I have re-

9

Summer CDote: A Facry's Tate
Ne
ey


quested. Fail, and you shall forever remain a com-
moner, and moreover, I will see that your secret is told
to everyone, high born and low. Do we have an agree-
ment?" Julia inclined her head. "Swear then!" He stood
and held out his hands which she clasped in her own.

"[, Julia of the Drake, Lady of House Fiona, do
hereby swear that I shall deliver unto Cruithne Alexis,
as token of services rendered, the histories of the noble
houses of the Kithain, within one year and one day. If
I should fail to honor this oath, may I forever remain
enchanted as one of the common folk and may alll the
world know my falseness and dishonor."

"And I, Cruithne Alexis, do hear what you freely
give and in return will grant the wish of your heart." He
released her hands and returned to his desk where he
began flipping through several books. "Ah, here is what
I was looking for. Marina, run to the larder and fetch a
potato for me, along with the bottle labeled plebeius
cruror." The satyr trotted off to do the sage's bidding.
Julia, of course, was not afraid, despite Cruithne's

The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner

rather devious smile. "Stand there, girl," said the old
man, pointing to a space of floor not covered by carpet.
Julia complied, seething at his rudeness as the sage
began sketching a rough chalk circle around her. He
then pulled out a sharp dagger, spitting on the blade
before handing it to the sidhe. Marina hurried quickly
into the room, handing Cruithne the potato and a
small corked pottery jar. He gave the potato to Julia,
then opened the jar and gently poured the red flaky
contents around the chalked circle.

"Now, start peeling. Don't stop until [ tell you to do
so! Make sure the peels fall inside the circle, or this will
not work. Begin!"

Julia hadn't peeled too many potatoes in her life,
and with those few, she'd used a . The knife
wasn't working too well, so the process was slow. Small
strips of potato fell at her feet. Outside the circle,
Cruithne was chanting in a guttural language as he
walked around and around the circle. Sweat began
pouring down the sidhe's brow; the temperature was


rising quickly. At the circle's edges, the rust-colored
dust began to liquefy, running over the rough stone,
into cracks, then finally touching Julia's slippered feet.
It burned! The stench of rotting meat filled her nos-
trils, but still she peeled the potato. Almost all the
potato's outer flesh was gone, save for a few black spots
which she began cutting away, yet the knife seemed
larger than before, or else her hands were smaller and
clumsier. Julia kept carving away until she held a
perfect, round white potato.

"Stop!" called Cruithne, and she let her arms fall to
her sides. Looking at him, Julia realized something was
terribly wrong. There was an odd thudding in her heart,
and her mouth and throat felt parched. Her hands
shook, not from fatigue, but from some other emotion.
It was fear, something she'd seldom felt in her life, for
unlike most of her noble house, she'd found passion in
affairs of the mind, not the heart. There had been no
lover in mortal danger to make her heart pound so.
Now, Julia couldn't stop the terror she felt watching
the old sage, and what was worse, the fear she felt made
her more afraid. It was awful, and she stood there,
shaking.

"You may come out of the circle now," said the
sage, in a softer voice. "All is well, and the spell has
worked wonderfully well. It's been many a year since I
attempted something so extraordinary, but I still have
the touch," he chuckled. "Marina, give her the mirror."

The satyr, whose eyes were huge with wonder,
handed Julia a round wooden hand mirror. Julia took it;
it felt heavy and seemed bigger to her, like the potato.
She glanced into it and saw...No! It was impossible!
Yet it was the wish of her heart, she had to admit.
Cruithne had given her exactly what she asked for, no
more, no less,

Gone was Julia's fair skin and high cheekbones;
they had been replaced by a deeply tanned complexion,
plump cheeks and a double chin. Her hair was now tied
up in a practical bun, the elegant gown changed into a

simple tunic and apron, nonetheless prettily embroi-
dered with carrots, pea pods and radishes. Where once
her hands had been slender and soft, the palms were
callused and square, the fingers short and thick. Had
she really stood over six feet tall before? Now she barely
topped four. Julia fought down an overwhelming desire
to dust all the sage's books and wondered why the
lovely satyr no longer stirred her heart as she assimi-
lated the fact that the transformation had been both
physical and mental.

"[ asked myself," mused Cruithne aloud, "what
would be the best way for you to help your fellow fae.
And the Dreaming has given an answer. Go now, little
boggan, and take with you this token which shall allow
you to rememberall." The sage handed her what looked
like a silvery sheet of mica, about the size of a saucer.
"You have a year and one day to complete your work
and return here to honor your promise." He nodded to
Marina, dismissing them both withouta second thought.
Julia was only too glad to leave; Cruithne frightened
her with his cold ways.

The walk from the old keep took time because the
boggan had difficuley keeping up with the nimble-
footed satyr. The two said little, until Marina broke the
silence.

"So where will you begin? And what should I call
you now? ‘Lady Julia' doesn't really seem appropriate,
does it?"

"Oh, I think I'll use the name Gloria McAlley,"
smiled the boggan. "It'll do for now. As to where I'll
begin..." She looked at the slowly sinking sun. "At the
beginning. With voices that will fade ere too much
time passes, those who are old enough to remember
times before the Resurgence. Those who fought in the
Accordance War. Politicos, travelers, farmers. Mostly
just anyone who will talk to me."

"{ don't think it'll be a problem," replied Marina,
helping the new commoner onto the Dreaming's path.

Summer CDote: A Facrys Tale Ml



AY.
VPRO
eg

"A shepherd and a harp-pla

! Fool! Fool!

Blodwen Rowlands in Susan Cooper's Silver on the Tree

In the years before the Shattering, they were tricksters and
warriors, nomads and sages. Then suddenly, they were left behind
tocope with a dark and mirthless world. They survived for centuries

through thick and thin by learning to live among humans. Then as

wonder reawakened in the mortal lands, the nobles returned and

ged them through force of arms to take their proper places
mble subjects once more

Th
d. Pe
the commoners together: the fact that they are notof the noble kith
till baser in the
eyesof many purple bloods and an uppity pretender to some

re the commoners, changelings of diverse kith and

s, Courts and goals divide them,

ut one thing binds

ofsidhe. Though acommonermay havea title, he'

me

his own kind. Commoners thus walk a fine line between hon:

traditions of the distant past and lookit vards the promise

of change in the future.

The CDaking of a Common Fae

Don't make the mistake of thinking most commoners are toy
e salt of

makers, bakers or sidhe toadies. Certainly many of them
practical in outlook and dedicated to tr:
just as many are interested in consensus and

theearth types, ition. But

eful reforms, and

these folk often work through the Parliament of Dreams, where
titled commoners have 20% of the votes and untitled commoners
have 38%. Of course, the commoners also have their share of
anarchists and terrorists who'd just as soon boot the sidhe back to
Arcadia. Other commoners are talented crafters, musicians, mer
ders. Amongall th
are many heroes and cowards, sinners and saints

naries, healers, teachers and |

In terms of numbers, the majority of Kithain are commoners. In
fact, they make up about 95% of the changelings in Concordia. The
problem with this is that the sidhe population, a mere 5%, controls
42% of the seats in the Parliament of Dreams. Moreover, sidhe

one, that of the
1 Duke Topaz hasan
sy rule. Many commoners are actually quite content dhe
certainlyhas

monarchs sit on every Concordian throne

leadership; the Shining Host isnaturally impressive
the inborn ability to rule. On the other hand, the commoners have
sof enlightened mortal

lived through the assorted revolutionsand a
politics. Some of the principles of democracy and equality have
Ibbed off on them. Too bad the sidhedon'tbuy into that whole equal
rights for all scene

The CDaccer of Ticled Commoners

ot surprisingly, outlooks on titled commonersare as varied as

the Ki
traditional, conservative perspectives on the issue. Mo
rice are the second largest group, while extremists at
spectrum are the smallest minority

hain themselves, Many sidhe and nota few commoners t
ates

straddle the

either end of the p

Sidhe

Sidhe Traditionalists have three basic rules relative to titled
commoners. Rule one: Once a commoner, always a commoner.
Rule two: The sidhe, not the commoners, are meant to rule. Rule
three: If you're foolish enough tohave doubts, see rules one and two.

Sidhe Reformers, on the other hand, judge people as individu-
ves ituntil

als; if someone has a title, they presume the perso'

Incroduction: Nox co che CDanor Born 13


XS

7

she proves otherwise. For now, sidhe do hold most of the ruling
positions; however, they can't govern without the will of the
people, and that means the support of the commoners. By giving
titles to deserving commoners, these sidhe believe they can main-
cain that strong support

Sidhe Modernists take a practical tact. They acknowledge that
this isn'r the ancient world; Traditionalist sidhe and the stodgier

to players wanting to get an idea of the commoner mindset.
Chapters include:

Summer Molt: A Faery's Tale, a story chat sets up the
connective thread throughout this sourcebook;

Introduction: Not to the the Manor Born, a brief summary of
this book and some suggestions on further reading and ways to set
mood for a commoner chronicle;

£2

Ns

commoners need to get with the program and realize that all

Chapter One: To Victors, the Spoils, a down in the trenches
Kithain are in the same leaky boat on a sea of Banality. Clinging to

look at the many long years of commoner history. This chapter also

the distant past will get everyone in trouble.
Formore information onsidhe political viewpoints, see Nobles:
The Shining Host

Uncicled Commoners

Like the sidhe, untitled commoners are sharply divided on the
issue of their own people having titles.

Conservatives think having a title might be okay, if it was
given for some extraordinary reason such as bravery in battle. Buc
the bottom line is that commoners aren't cutout to be rulers. That's
the sidhe's bailiwick, and commoners need to stay out of it and stop
being upstarts.

Moderates acknowledge that the sidhe are meant to be the
ind ladies of all the fae; it's been that way since the dawn of
rer all. On the other hand, the ancient ancestors of the
Kithain couldn't have predicted events such as the Shattering and
the way commoners took up the reins of command. What's needed.
in these modern times, the moderates say, isa balance between the
sidhe, who have the inborn ability co rule wisely and well, and the
commoners, who know far more about the mortal lands. Titled
commoners can help bridge the gap between commoner kith and
noble sidhe.

Radicals have a simple and predictable rhetoric: Commoners
are equal to the sidhe in every way, and just as likely to make good
rulers. Keeping the commoners down is criminal and must be
stopped at once, by any means necessary.

For more information on commoner politics, see Chapter
Two: Natural Orders

The Horse's QDouch

So how do the titled commoners themselves feel? Most are
accepting and loyal to the Parliament of Dreams and the sidhe, yer
low key about the whole affair; they realize they walk a tightrope
between denying their roots and using their power for the good of
all Kithain. A few are despots. Even fewer keep their titles secret.
Scholars of several noble houses have pointed out that no com-
moner has ever refused a title offered. This might well be true,
though why would anysidhe everadmittowitnessingsuch arefusal?

How co Use This Book

The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner is an overview
of the history, politics and social lives of commoners. It's a compi-
lation of useful facts, long-kept secretsand an inside look atthe lives
of rank and file Kithain. This book also offers a few basic facts on
changelings in other parts of the world. Storytellers should become
familiar with the contents, and ideally, pick and choose what they'd
like to use in their chronicles. The Fool's Luck will also be useful

includes a detailed accounting of the years between the Shattering
and the Resurgence, along with many vivid tales of the Accordance
War;

Chapter Two: Natural Orders, an in-depth guide to the
politics and society of the commoner fae, as well as their outlooks
on Gallain and Prodigals;

Chapter Three: Flesh and Bone, numerous suggestions for
players and Storytellers on creating commoner characters. This
chapter includes new Abilities, Merits, Flaws and an Art for
commoners, Metamorphosis;

Chapter Four: Harvest of Dreams, material that is meant for
the Storyteller's eyes only. This chapter has general suggestions on
running a commoner chronicle as well as some potent story seeds
to involve commoner characters;

Chapter Five: Names, Faces and Places, a gallery of com-
moner heroes and villains that can add sugar and spice, or piss and
vinegar, to your chronicle;

Chapter Six: Cavalcade of Commoners, aselection of several
‘commoner templates that can inspire players or serve the Story-
teller in a pinch; and

Appendix: Piskies and Spriggan, two new commoner kith.

Theme

The overarching theme of this book is the maelstrom of
tradition and modernity in strife. Conservative commoners like
the protection of the noble sidhe and enjoy whatever rights
they're granted; they put their trust in the sidhe's innate sense of
fairness and noblesse oblige. Moderates want equal rights forall,
administered by whoever is best for the task; logically this has
fallen to sidhe in the past, but the future may change all that.
David ap Ardry ap Gwydion, the Commoner King, has disap-
peared, and no one knows what may follow. Radicals want the
usurper nobles dethroned, pure and simple; after all, where were
all those fancy sidhe when the going got tough in the Shattering?
Fornow, cooler heads prevail, and neither the arch-conservatives
northe radicalscan getaclear upper hand over the moderates. But
with the disappearance of the High King, what will happen to the
steady peace? Traditional commoners may side with their respec-
tive nobles while the radicals see this as a perfect time for
revolution. The moderates might well be caught in the middle,
with darkness on one side and shadow on the other. The future is
hopelessly murky for the commoners at present.

(Dood

Most commoners want to maintain an even keel, and often
this translates intoa mood of false optimism. Things are better than
ever, really! Are times as unpleasantas in the Accordance War?No.
Doall nobles keep power exclusively for themselves? No. But there

14 The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner


are more than a few nobles, such as the Beltaine Blade, who would
shed few tears ifthe commoners were completely downtrodden and
subservient. Most important to the stalwart commoners is keeping
up the appearance that all's well. Of course it's a big facade; just
don't tell anyone. Wear a cheerful face at all times, or adopt a
grumpy exterior that others can laugh at behind your back. Never
letothers see how sidhe or commoner extremists scare you to death,

Furcher Enlighcenmenc

Many political writings are, well, dull as oatmeal. If you're
honestly interested in learning more about political thought, pick
up an anthology that contains brief excerpts from writers such as
Jefferson, Locke, Lenin, Marx and Mill. Another useful read is
Safire's Political Dictionary by William Safire, which puts a lot of
basic terms at your fingertips. If political strife is going to play an
important part in your chronicle, you probably should know some-
thing about the traditional meanings of words like radical, liberal
and conservative.

In the matter of literature, consider going back to some
original source material for ideas. The Eddas of Scandinavia,
Finland's Kalevala and the Mabinogion of Wales are great tales and
chock full of mythic threads fora commoner Changeling chronicle.
Probably most players and Storytellers have read the works of
Tolkien, but if you have time to take another glance at The Hobbit,
consider it in the light of a commoner caught up in events far
beyond his reckoning. Charles de Lint has also written a number of
excellent and inspiring tales.

With mood music, you can take a variety of approaches.
Industrial rock with a repetitive, mechanistic sound is one option;
this category includes musicians such as Machines of Loving Grace,
My Life with the Thrill Kill Cule and Nine Inch Nails. Needless to
say, The Crow soundtrack is a great choice. Another option is stoic
classical music; German and Russian composerssuch as Wagner, Off
and Stravinsky are especially appropriate. Political rock, with per-
formers like U2, Pink Floyd and Bob Marley, as well as political punk
and hardcore bands, is another option. Finally, classic rock from the
late 1960s and 1970s can provide just the right note of nostalgia,

From the big screen, options are endless, from the rich nobles
versus the poor farmers in Rob Roy to David Bowie as a thrilling
Goblin King in Labyrinth. Movies that pit the rank and file worker
against the powerful corporate manager can also be inspiring. Being
There, the cinematic version of Jerzy Kosinsky's satirical novel,
shows a simple gardener caught up in a web of chaotic politics.
Revolution and Hidden Fortress, the Akira Kurosawa classic that was
an inspiration for George Lucas' Star Wars, both show warfare from
the perspective of common folks.

Lexicon

Aghlabib — The Maghreb, northern Africa.

Caliphate of Cedars — The Levant, the eastern Mediterra-
ean,

Conservative — Commoner political viewpoint that advo-
cates continued sidhe rule; they are generally against ennobling
commoners except in extraordinary circumstances. Similar to
sidhe Traditionalists.

Empire of the Caucasus — The mortal lands of Turkey and
the Black Sea basin.

Five Years War — The conflict taking place in Europe after
the Resurgence; comparable to the Accordance War, the War of
Ivy and the 69.

Galacian Confederation — Southern, central and eastern
Europe; a commoner center of power.

Hibernia — The mortal land of Ireland

Isles of the Wandering Dream — The mortal lands of
Australia and New Zealand.

Isle of Snowflakes — The mortal land of Iceland

Isle of the Mighty — The mortal lands of England (Albion),
Scotland (Caledonia) and Wales (Cymru).

Lios Alfar — Faeries of light; the Seelie Court; term used
frequently in Dalama and Jutland.

Kingdom of Dalarna — The mortal lands of Norway and
Sweden.

Kingdom of Golden Threads — The mortal lands of Belgium
and Luxembourg

Kingdom of Flowers — The mortal land of the Netherlands.

Kingdom of Iberia — The mortal lands of Spain and Portugal.

Kingdom of Jutland — The mortal land of Denmark; the king
uses the title of Jarl of Jucland.

Kingdom of Neustria— The mortal land of France, staunchly
sidhe Traditionalise.

Moderate — Commoner political viewpoint that supports
continued sidhe rule with strong advisory councils of commoners.
They also support awarding titles to deserving commoners. Similar
to sidhe Modernists.

Modernist — Sidhe political impulse that advocates accep-
tance and embrace of the modern world rather than clinging to the
old.

Noble — A sidhe; commoners with a noble title are called
titled or ennobled commoners rather than nobles to distinguish
them from sidhe

Nubia — Northeast Africa.

Radical — Commoner political viewpoint supporting full
equality and joint rule between sidhe and commoners. Similar to
sidhe Modernists, but more outspoken in their beliefs.

Reformist — Sidhe political impulse that desires constitu-
tional monarchy

Restorationist — Commoner term for sidhe during the Ac-
cordance War.

Royalist — Commoners who fought with the sidhe in the
Accordance War.

Sultanate of Hejaz — The mortal lands of the Arabian
peninsula.

Svart Alfar — Faeries of darkness; the Unseelie Court. Term
used frequently in Jutland and Dalarna.

Traditionalist —Sidhe political impulse believing inherently
in sidhe leadership; note that some trolls and boggans also follow
this impulse.

VAW — Veterans of the Accordance War, a commoner
society

War of Ivy — The British version of the Accordance War.

Incroduccion: Nox co che CDanor Born 15



From the Journal of Gloria, a boggan of no import:

That is how fae historians of the future will remember me,
I suppose, so I might as well get used to it. Some might say using
the words "boggan" and "no import" together is redundant, but
Iwon't worry about that for now. So much is new and strange to
me that I paid little attention to my own stature in society
That's not the reason I'm here

My friend Marina has agreed to accompany me around
Concordia, and if we're lucky, perhaps to the Isle of the Mighty,
Hibernia and even the European Continent. | almost dread
entering the Kingdom of Neustria, but would be most interested
to see how life really is in the Galacian Confederation. If there
was more time, I would gladly journey to the Near and Far East

he riches of Africa. But a year and a day, perhaps less, is all

As | write, my mind is a tabula rasa, a clean slate. | have no
idea what I might find. Perhaps commoner society is exactly
how I've perceived it all along: the sidhe are lords
commoners are their staunch supporters. Then
there is a secret commonwealth of gentry I }
Whatever's out there, no matter how bad it might be, I'm ready

© never see

to face and discc

and b
oice will

So I'mat the
me sits a venerable

lead others in telling the true his

ning. My nc

tyr named
ry of the commoners.


In The Beginning

When she laughed on the water and the wind was her hom
When she laughed on the water and the wind was her hom,

The lady laughed ar thing was born The lady laughed and
everything was bom

When she lit the sun and light gave him birth When she li the sun
and light gave him birth

The lord of the dance first appeared on the earth

ord of the Dance," traditional

How did the fae come to be? Surely you don't want me to
start that far back? I'm a historian, not a theologian. Well, all
right, justa little, then, since you asked for it, here "tis: . Don't
Know, How's that foran answer? Don'tlook so hurt, whatdo you
want me to say? You'll get a new
answer from every closet philosopher
you meet, The fae are made from the
dreams of mortals. The fae are the chil-
dren of the Tuatha de Danan. Dana
herselfcreated us. More than likely, they're
all true, in their own way. The mythic
times are just that, mythic. Just like a story
changes with each new telling, our past
changes with time. The pasts reflected in
the Now, and time is fluid. Cave paintings
were magical, for they fixed an event in
time. Previously, reality had nothing to bind
it; for the most part, what went before de
pended on what the storyteller believed — or
rather, what the storyteller chose to say. And
that is another kind of mag

Then, here come the clay tablets, the stone,
the paper. Writing pinned down history like a
butterfly on an entomologist's board. Things were
fixed in place. What your grandfather knew, you also
knew, and so did your neighbor. No, of course not
everyone in Babylon was literate, but someone was. And that's
another evil of writing: it begat the bureaucrat, the scourge of
the world, the right hand of Banality.

There you have it. Mythic philosophy is a tale told by a
besotted satyr, full of drivel and musings, signifying a waste of
time. Happy? Good. Let's move on.

The Sundering

As you've probably heard, most Kithain
believe that the Sundering began the moment

the iron was first forged. It's certainly a fine,

poetic myth, and since poetry and myth fills our

very natures, what could be more appropriate?

As for myself, though, I think the Sundering be:

the moment someone said, "I don't believ

meantit. Behind stone walls, before a warm fire, i's easier
to ignore the monster crashing through the underbrush, or
the blood drake's eyes gleaming in the dark. And it'sa short


The Sundering
©.500BC

The Sunderingbegins

step from ignoring to disbelieving. When the early civilizations
tured to science and logic rather than their old gods and spirits
to explain the world's mysteries, the old gods began to die, and
the power of Dreams wavered.

Td say we satyrs felt it before most. After all, Greece had a
reputation for being jam-packed with philosophers and nascent
scientists. Our friends to the north, the Celts, still believed in
ways that were comfortable and familiar tous. So we traveled the
length and breadth of Europe and began to mingle with other
kith. Now, bear in mind, when the world was young and the fae
were new, the kith weren't mit ther as they are now.
Trolls haunted the Nordic for atyrs frolicked on
Mediterranean shores. The sluagh skulked in Slavic fensand the
redcapshaunted highland crags. Even in the Dreaming, we were
what you might call homebodies. But time passed. Populations
increased. Peoples invaded. The Kithain
began to move around a bit as well.

And what of the Great and Terrible Sidhe, Masters of All?
Well, the sidhe were the Great and Terrible, but they were also
the Aloof. For the most part, they stayed in Arcadia or the
Dreaming. The other kith, who became known as the Common
Folk, were the fae mortals had the most dealings with. When
children were bad, parents called upon the sluagh. Bogeans
mended and cleaned the cottages of respectful families. Nockers
dwelt in mines and caves, aiding some and cursing others deep
inside the living rock. Satyrs could be found basking in quiet
. bringing delight and
dismay in equal measure. Redcaps frequented the old castles and
windswept crags, devouring the unwary traveler. Eshuwandered
the desert lands to the south, whispering tales to those lucky or
unlucky enough to find them

Yes, yes, the Courts were there, always have been (always
in the relative sense, Don't be smart with me, young boggan). In
the old times, the Courts didn't mingle so freely. Each knew
their place. From Beltaine to Samhain, the Seelie Court held
sway, while the dark half of the year belonged to the Unseelie
Court. Sometimes the fac merely changed their allegiance
ally being replaced, or so I've been told. I
mmon this was, forourmemoriesare muddled
and our records nonexistent.

migrated or wet

glades or cavorting in boisterous re

Who? The Shadow Court? Um, you really shouldn't listen
tosuch nonsense, my dear. The Shadow Court has always been,
a Samhain ritual, nothing more.

What you really should read are some of the noble chroni-
clers, my dear. Weyland, Arnel, Prospern, Drake — they give
excellent (if kithocentric) accounts of the old times. But know
that they were more concemed with glorious quests and epic
romances than life in the mundane world. Perhaps if they didn't
have their heads in the cloudsall the time, they could have seen
the coming darkness

SS

Forourown part, wespentas much time in the mortal world
as in the Dreaming. A few of the more curious ones took on
mortal flesh for a while, so they could live among humans and
teach or learn from themat will. Noone could have guessed that
the changeling way would one day be our final recourse.

Despite the gradual weakening of the Dreaming in the
mortal realm, we were still havinga fine time. There were more
dreamers than before, and many still believed in the old ways.
‘The Christian Church was a minor problem in some quarters,
but it didn't have the strength to drive us away. In fact, we got
along splendidly with the so-called Celtic Church, founded by
Columba, Brendan and others in Ireland, Wales, Scotland and
northern England. As in the case of many evangelicals far from
Rome, the early Celtic Christians were relatively tolerant of
divergent beliefs, Rather than overthrow the old beliefs, the
Irish incorporated them into the Christian belief structure.
Many of the monks were powerful dreamers and created incom-
prehensibly beautiful works of art, in metal and in illuminated
manuscripts. In my opinion, every changeling should make a
pilgrimage to Dublin to see the Book of Kells and the Ardagh
Chalice. You'll get a Glamour buzz just ogling the craftsman-
ship! Many of our people lived within monasteries, drinking
from the dreams and Glamour and inspiring ever-greater artist
expressions of religious zeal.

Asthe centuries went past, Rome had its way, and the Irish
Church grew rigid and intolerant. Still, the respite was good
while it lasted.

Across the acer

A dreamer, loved the seas more than the land which sired him,
determined to risk all for a dream, the dream of finding a fair land
across the oceans, unknown and unproved.

— Ieuan Brechfa

As Banality slowly pushed away the Dreaming, some of the
most adventurous of Kithain inspired mortals to seek fabled
lands across the great ocean. As such things happen, many
intrepid explorers never made it back. A handful found the land
which would later be called North America. The first European
known to see North America was Bjarni Herjolfsson, a Kinain
who got lost on a trip to Greenland and found Newfoundland
instead. He tolda troll he knew, and the race was on. In the early
Lith century, Leif Erikson landed on Vinland (as they called the
new land), accompanied by trolls in mortal form. It was shortly
after landfall that the fae noticed other fae spirits watching
them. The trolls met with the Nunnehi, strong but not threat-
ening, and the natives, called skraelings, who treated them with
cautious respect. Coming from curious and opportunistic stock,
the giants spoke of peace and trade. Unfortunately, hope of

Opening oF che Wes
1023 — Trolls open a trod from Vinland to Norway

1171 — Dreamstone used to open a trod from Caer
Madoc to the British Isles

Chapcer One: To Viccors , che Spoils 19


peaceful coexistence died quickly; Leif's brother, Thorvald, slew
several of the native people. Warfare was constant, and the
European settlements withered after a score of years. Only a few
trolls stayed behind, and through a great ritual they opened the
first trod between the New World and the Old. These trolls held
the Dream path against Nunnehi and skraelings for over three
hundred years, until the path closed of its own accord. After
that, I couldn't say what happened to the guardians, whether
they followed and were lost on the path trying to return, or
whether they simply stayed in the westerlands. I do know that
chimerical stones bearing the trolls' runecraft have been found
as far south as Virginia and as far west as the Ohio River Valley.
I suspect that, no longer bound by their duty, they followed the
call of their blood and explored the mysterious but beautiful
continent

Anothergreat but practically unknown explorer was Madoc
ap Gwynedd of Cymru. Rather than war with his brothers for the
princedom of his land, he sailed with his followers into the
western ocean, inspired by tales of a distant but bountiful
country beyond the sea. Of course, there were many changelings
amonghiscrew, for this was an adventure not to be missed. They
eventually landed in what is now Mobile Bay. Their trek took
them tothe Appalachian Mountains, where they built afortand
settled. Their relations with their neighbors, while not warm,
were peaceful, and Madoc journeyed to his old home forsupplies
and more setters. Soon the Welsh colony was thriving in the
green-mantled mountains of their new land. In time, no doubt,
the Welsh and native tribes would have merged and multiplied
in the usual way of things. But it was not to be.

The tales differ on who discovered the treasure. Some say
a childling happened upon the stone; others contend it was
Dyfnwal ap Gwydion, lord of Caer Madoc. Many others say it
was Madoc himself who awoke from strange dreams, the first
night of his encampment on the wooded ridge; digging under
his bedroll, he uncovered a strange and beautiful gemstone.
This wondrous rock was called the Dreamstone. Regardless of
the finder, it eventually came into the hands of a sidhe of
House Eiluned, who realized the potential of the stone. Ina
mighty ritual, he opened a trod across the ocean, allowing
other nobles and their followers to journey to the new land.
Even as the gate was forming, the Nunnehi noticed, and they
weren't happy about it. They demanded the trod be closed and
the stone be returned to them, though I would think that if
they knew it was there in the first place they wouldn'thave left
it for the sidhe to pick up. But nonetheless, war came to
Madoc's mountain, as Nunnehi fought Kithain, drawing the
mortals of both sides into the fray. Though they fought
bravely, the Welsh settlers were driven from their home. They
attempted to build new settlements, but were attacked by the
local tribes each time. I don't know what finally became of
them, but I've heard tales of a tribe of Indians with blue eyes
and some Welsh-like words in their language

No, I'm not surprised you haven't heard about Madoe's
trek, You'll find the tale in a few places, but most mortal
historians dismiss it. Not Madoc's fault; he just didn't have the
PR machine Columbus did, I guess

20

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

‘As for the Welsh fae, they held the trod's gate until
reinforcements came. The Nunnehi seemed willing to face
destruction rather than give up, and it may have come to that
had the Dreamstone not vanished. A truce, such thatit was, was
called shortly thereafter. The trod remained open, but only afew
fae crossed to the western lands. For their part, the Nunnehi
aggression slackened, though they were never so friendly to the
newcomers after that point. The Dream path held until the 14th
century. When trods began to fail, the sidhe and most of the
commoners took the faltering route back across the water, trying
to reach the fading Arcadian gates. A handful of commoners
stayed in the Summerlands, for they had formed ties with the
local Nunnehi — it has been known to happen, you know.

The Shaccering Begins

He looked... at the gathering gloom in the east... and hope
seemed to whither... almost beyond hearing he thought he caught.
acry: faint, but heart-quelling, cruel and cold.

—J.R.R. Tolkien, The Rerum of the King

ar of the Courcs

Since the Sunderine's beginning, the world's connection
with the Dreaming had been slowly wavering. Then, the world
changed for the worse. The detailsare maddeningly obscure, but
here's what we —my fellowhistoriansand|—managed to piece
together. As Banality grew stronger, the fae grew weaker. The
cycles of our lives were gradually but inexorably spinning into
new courses, and some among the Unseelie Court were deter-
mined to do something to draw the Dreaming back to them
They believed that by plunging the world into chaos, Banality
could be lessened and mortals would be more tractable. Afterall,
they're more likely to believe in dragons if they see one of the
critters flatten their house. These dark fae refused to allow the
Seelie their ascendance during the light half of the year. And
then the mad struggle began. Shocked by this unheard-of breach
in tradition, many fae fell into their own Unseelie natures. The
Accordance War was a skirmish by comparison, for the fae of
that age, weakened though they were, had might we couldn't
dream of at their disposal. Bitter winds and cold rains the dark
ones brought to bear against a cowering world; dragons and
drakes and great wyrms were wakened from centuries-long
slumber to once more make the earth wither beneath the
shadow of their wings.

The Shaccering
1215 — War of the Courts begins
1347 — The Black Plague reaches Europe

1348 — The Shattering Begins

1349 —Silver's Gate collapses, sealing the last route
to Arcadia

1353—The signing of the Compact ends the War of
the Courts


In the early years of the thirteenth century, the winters
grew long and cold, and the rains fell with monsoon-like
duration. Crops drowned in the fields, roads were reduced to a
muddy morass and famine and cold did their part to fill the
graveyards. In later centuries, people called it the Little Ice Age
In modern fashion, they blamed the weather on sunspots rather
than sorcery; warfare's destruction was pegged on Mongols or
squabbles between local kings instead of the Shining Host and
the nightmares made real. Killing the dreamers was madness;
starving and hopeless peasants cannot dream, and an artist in a
hungry land cannot find patronage. Worse, in the turmoil and
suffering the masses looked to the Church, whose enmity with
our kind was growing even then. Andstill the battles raged. The
cold persisted for nearly two hundred years. But it would get far
worse before it got better.

The Black Deach

Mortal histories link the wretched conditions to the sus-
ceptibility of Europe to itsnext invader: the Black Death. Plague
blazed across the continent, from the Black Sea to Ireland, in
less than four years. Millions died in agony. Cities were emptied,
villages vanished, and, to paraphrase Mr. Poe, Darkness and
Decay and the Black Death held illimitable dominion over all
In one hundred years of disease and famine, the mortal popula-
tion of Europe had been cutiin half. Where once there was hope,
now there was fear. All art, all dreams, revolved around the
dance with Death. Glamour was tainted, fit only for dark
creations, And in this age of fear, what little remained of hope
was with the Church, whose Inquisition was becoming a dire
threat to all the supernatural beings in the land. Few mortals
remembered or practiced the old ways which fed the power of
thefae. The death of millions, the power of the Church, the loss
of belief — all this proved to be too much. With a terrible
scream, the tenuous ties which bound the Dreaming to this
world snapped

The Shazcered Dream

Yes, when trods began to collapse, when Balefires flickered
and went out, when cloud castles melted away like mist, the
sidhe bolted and ran. Not all at once, of course; at first only a
trickle crossed the Dreaming to the fae realms. Butas the Dream
paths grew fewer, longer and more treacherous, the stream
swelled to a flood. I have only few memories of the early times,
and pethaps that's for the best. One which has stayed with me
through the lifetimes is of knights of House Gwydion holding
back a desperate mob of common kith while a lord traveled a
trod with his courtiers, his prize horses, falcons, and hunting
dogs, cart after cart loaded with various treasures and mundane
souvenirs and finally his cattle. The knights withdrew through
the gate just as it collapsed.

Thinking about that sidhe retreat, I'm reminded of the fall
of Saigon, Naturally, the sidhe who speak atall of theirflight will
rationalize away their betrayal. But it happened all the same.

There were exceptions; there always are. House Scathach,
for whom retreat isan alien concept, stayed to take their chances,
on Earth. Also, according to a chronicler of the House, Fiona

herself, surrounded by a small retinue, refused to leave the
mortals and commoners she held so dear. There area few, a very
few, other exceptions. Two or three Gwydion put their money
where their mouths were and stayed to defend their flocks. As
Master Weyland tells it, more than a few of House Dougal
refused to leave their workshops; good metalwork was always in
fashion. Given their love for mortals, and their low statusamong
the sidhe, I wouldn't be surprised if many of House Liam stayed
behind. But I'll bet you no Eiluned waited around for the last
gate to fall

I must say that, for whatever reason they stayed, the sidhe
had a difficult time of it. Afraid and hemmed in by Banality,
many commoners chose these brave souls as scapegoats, killing
nota ew of their number. A few of the remaining sidhe wrapped
acloak of Glamour around them so tightly that neither Banality
nor reality could find its way in. Others followed our lead and
forsook their gossamer tresses and fair flesh for the crude clay of
mortal bodies. And then there were those who, out of pride or
penitence, sought no sanctuary and were eventually crushed by
the new age.

Not all commoners hated to see the nobles depart. Like
children with their parents out of the house, they began toclaim
their depopulated kingdoms, styling themselves King This or
Lord That. Some did this out of sense of duty, but many did it out
of greed.

Though each kith had its own heroes, the trolls were
probably the greatest of all. Though many had the opportu-
nity, almost none returned to Arcadia. In the days after the
closing of the gates, the trolls took the mantle of leadership,
organizing motleys, gathering and rationing what Glamourous
resources remained. They proved themselves the true nobility,
and we haven't forgotten. Which would you rather have, a
leader who will die to defend you, or one who scampers off
when things get rough?

Still, it was a hard time. The Inquisition swept across the
land, hunting for fae and Prodigal alike. Motleys were broken
assome Kithain fell and others fled. For the most part, we were
on our own. Without a motley's support, far too many fae
Forgot themselves.

From a 15th century writing by Kalliope, satyr wilde

In Samhain dreams | can remember the darkest
times. Unlike many of my kind, I did not take the guise
of mortals, for I thought it deceptive and wrong; I was
nothing ifnot true to myself. Idwelt in the forested lands
where the Cross had not yet purged belief in the old
ways. There were those among the Wyck who were
convinced that mage and fae belonged to the Mythic
Age and that we had overstayed our welcome. Gradu-
ally, | began to believe that too. Forgetting came soon

after. Times are hard, but I wouldn't want to go back to
the days after the Shattering.

Chapeer One: To Viecors , che Spoils u

Granted, we weren't completely friendless. The Fianna
showed themselvesas good as their oath. Though they had their
own troubles, they hid us and helped us. The Ard Righ of the
Fianna welcomed many refugees inside the seven walls of Tara,
though we had nothing to offer in return. Always remember,
then, that these Prodigals stood up for us in our hour of greatest
need.

The descendants of the Wyck, the Verbena, were even
higher on the Inquisition hit list. Though there was little we
could do for them as our power dwindled, we helped where we
could, and they did likewise

It may surprise you greatly, but there were a few of the
Walking Dead among our allies. Very few, mind you, but some
of these ancients had ties with the Kithain. Powerful allies,
those vampires. Of course, for every one that hid us, a dozen
would readily betray us to the Church or take our blood for their
own uses.

Unfortunately, some of our allies felt the Shattering like a
mortal blow. The Inanimae, our fae cousins who were bound to
their places of power, all fell into slumber. And many of the
creatures of dream and nightmare lost all of the power they once
enjoyed over mortals. Once proud, helpful or frightening, the
chimera were left to wander the world unnoticed by those
around them. Many just faded away.

The Compace

Ie seems odd to me that, in the midst of their struggle just
to survive, the Courts would still make war. Pure madness.
There were some among both camps that saw the Shattering's
shakeup of fae society asa chance to render the old systems void.
The Unseelie Court (which was large, as befitted the shadows
which crept over our spirits) believed, despite evidence to the
contrary, that chaos and darkness was the only path to bringing
back the Dreaming. The Seelie Court, not without reason,
argued that by violating the old ways the Unseelie had brought
about the Shattering. Ata time when changelings were desper-
ately trying to hide from the Inquisition, the Unseelie were
wreaking havoc among mortals, making them turn to our
persecutors forhelp. Why did this happen? Fear and desperation
will make you do crazy things. Some of the rabble-rousers among
us suggest that the squabble was the work of some of the
remaining sidhe, although I don't really believe it, Not really.

Cooler heads would have prevailed, sure, butit likely would
have been too late to save the Kithain. Luckily, our Prodigal
allies stepped in. The Fianna had succored the Kithain for many
years, and their always fragile patience was wearing thin, espe-
cially now that some of their Kinfolk were being swept away by
whirlwinds or dying in cantrip-induced duels or battles. After a
changeling prank led the forces of the Inquisition toa werewolf
pack, the Ard Righ of the Fianna, Gionna of the Broken Spear,
demanded in no uncertain terms that the nwo sides meet at Tara
to work things out. Otherwise, the fae would no longer be
granted hospitality in Tara, nor any hall or hold belonging tothe
Fianna. This was a potent enough threat in those days, when
freeholds were even scarcer than they are today.

one

~—
Si

eu

n The Foots Luck: The (ay of che Commoner

And so they came: the slithering sluagh, hulking ogres,
steel-jawed redcaps, boggarts and goblins of every description;
noble giants and earthy boggans, passionate satyrs and mysteri-
ous eshu; kith since lost and forgotten; and representatives of
both Courts gathered at Tara. For three days and nights, the
Kithain discussed, argued, ranted and raved, but no agreement
was reached. Several Kithain argued for a contest to settle once
and forall which Court would rule, while a few voices called for
a resumption of the age-old ways of splitting the year.

To this day, no one knows who said it. A trick of the
Dreaming has withheld the memory from us, But in the mo-
ments before dawn, someone arose to speak before the council.
He (or she) spoke with a conviction stronger than the staunch-
est troll, with passion no satyr could match, yet with reason
irrefutable. What he told the assembly, in short, was this: our
very essence houses both the Seelie and Unseelie, and to deny
either would be to deny ourselves — the road to Forgetting. To
fight each other for what we are is dangerous, for if we win the
fight against ourselves, do we notalso lose? In a voice laden with
prophesy, he warned that should the war continue beyond the
following sunset, the fae were doomed to fade from the Earth
forever.

The lone voice convinced even the hardest heart among
the changelings. It's said that Thomas of Boothby, a boggan of
great repute, drafted the Compact which declared a cessation of
hostilities between the Courts for as long as both Courts felt it
necessary (in modem terms, "for the duration"). All among the
gathering signed the document. As the sun set, the mysterious
speaker, suddenly enveloped in a nimbus of powerful Glamour
rolled up the document and, in a burst of Glamour, vanished
into the Dreaming. Atthat moment, all changelings around the
world learned of the truce. It's a truce that, after a fashion,
continues to this day.

The Incerregnum

As years turned to decades, then to centuries, the change-
lingsadapted to their cruel world. Those that were able, huddled
around the rare Balefires, while others made their way as best
they could. Some kith fared better than others; nockers did
especially well as the paradigm of science began to wrest control
from the Church, but each kith found and filled its own niche,
even as we do to this day. At first, the commoners remained in
their familiar baronial system, butas the merchant class became
ascendant, commoner associations began to reflect that change
Leaders were styled as mayors, aldermen ot generals, and the
courts became assemblies. In many cases, changelings dispensed
with leadership roles altogether, living in a completely egalitar-
ian motley.

The Renaissance

About the time theplaguesdied down came the rediscovery
of old knowledge and the discovery of new learning called the
Renaissance. The word actually means "rebirth," a most apt
description, In thé span of two or'eo centuries "arcists made
greater strides than they had in all of the previous millennium.


On che Incerregnum

The problem with the sidhe is that they're too re-
moved from us. They can't possibly understand what we
went through, Even the Fiona, who style themselves "the
people's sidhe," don't really want to hear about the Inter-
regnum. If only they could walk for a while in common
shoes, maybe they'd learn a little humility. Or humanity.
— Sohrab, Eshu Wilder

Pve heard the sidhe tell stories of glorious battles and
epic quests, of hardships endured for love and honor
Those tales don't impress me and can never move me like
the stories of the Interregnum. If you think things are
Winter-cold now, can you imagine what it was like when
the Black Death stalked the earth? When children lived
and died in factories that coated the verdant valleys with
soot? How DARE they speak to us of nobility, the whiny
hothouse flowers? True nobility died on the rack, suffering
tothe end rather than betraying the motley. It died in the
plague houses, comfortinga child until the last light faded
from her eyes. It died in Forgetfulness in a Banal school,
trying to find and fan one spark of creativity amid all the
rote work.

The sidhe fight and quest because they enjoy it. We
suffered because we had no other choice. I despise the lot
of them.

—Barath Avery, eshu grump

Think of it! What wonder it must have been to see the works of
DaVinci, Michaelangelo and Spencer pouring new Glamour
into the world! What must the English have thought the first
time they witnessed a play of Marlowe or the Bard? The great
thinkers of past eras were recovered. Distant lands were
(e)discovered, and there's nothing like an explorer to fire the
imagination. Yet the world of the common man had myth as
well, Just because no one in his village had seen a manticore
didn't mean they don't exist, merely that the local saint had
banished them from his valley a few centuries ago. When the
Orient and the New World (thought to be the same place) were
discovered, active imaginations and tall tales peopled the new
lands with any number of improbable beings, including one-
legged folk or giants with their legs on backwards. And even a
churchgoing woman might leave out a libation for the "Good
People." Perhaps, we thought, there was a kind of magic left in
humanity, after all

Of course, it wouldn't do to forget the nearly constant
warfare and upheavals of the period. Dynastic squabbles, reli-
gious strife — and the Inquisition and its children were still
around. Still, | sometimes think about what the sidhe missed
because they ran a few decades too soon.

The Early Incerregnum
15th = 17th centuries — The Renaissance

17th — 18th centuries— The Age of Reason and
Enlightenment

1776 — Declaration of Independence signed
1789 — French Revolution begins

Flight to the New World

In the face of persecution and disbelief, it's no wonder that
many changelings once again plied the waves as the fae had
done before the Shattering, looking for the fabled Summerlands
Don't forget the enormous power of discovery, my dear. This
time, the incipient colonies were strong enough tostand against
the often hostile native peoples. The wiser of the fae a
to make peace with the Nunnehi and were initially successful
Again, peace depended on both sides; brash young braves, angry
changelings or even a boundary crossed accidentally could
provoke hostility. Many Kithain learned, to their regret, who
was here first.

Still, changelingshad thestrength of numberson theirside.
‘As native tribes were pushed off their lands or fell victim to
European diseases, the Nunnehi grew weaker. Many followed
their mortal kin to the west or to oblivion, while others faded
into the hills. 'm not saying this was right, mind you, but it is
what happened. There's little we can do about it now except
spread the truth and see that it doesn't happen again. Conquer-
ing others for resources and territory is, alas, a part of both
human and fae nature.

The Age of Enlighcenmenc and Reason

I seem to have been only like a boy playingon the seashore, .avhist
the great ocean of Truth lay all undiscovered before me

— Sir Isaac Newton

The Enlightenment was like a thomy rose for the Kithain,
beautiful yet painfully sharp. Masterpieces of music and art drew
us t0 patrons' courts in droves. A certain love of chivalry and
gallantry reappeared with the likes of musketeers and pirates
Great discoveries in science and exploration fired imaginations
and inspired dreams of a better world, especially among the
rockers. Yet many of these new dreams had no place for the fae.
We were relegated to "fairy tale nonsense." Mortals wanted to
believe in things they could see, touch and smell, not a bunch
of pagan myths.

Still, we could not be so easily banished. In our mortal
forms we were explorers, soldiers, tutors and even courtiers
and politicians. We sat in the salons with men of letters
arguing philosophy. As occasionally happens when philoso-
phy is discussed, people actually started thinking. Many
commoners feared the sidhe would never return; others
began to hope they wouldn't. These visionaries had listened

Chapcer One: To Viccors , che Spoils


to the new dreams of humanity that were taking shape
ar 1 bizarre ideas like equality, liberty and fraternity —
which leads to our next big leap

The Spirit of Independence

Kasare the seraaness noc the propel che people:

—Thomas Jefferson, A Summary View of the Rights of British
America

From the Age of Reason sprang the Age of Independence
Jt world ofpeivilege, people bewan to speak ofbesie nobis! THe
old notionof thedivine riehrofkings was fading quickly forboth

human and fae. Well, it wasn't like there were any sidhe
monarchs around, right? In the American colonies, the popu-
lace started chafing at what they saw as oppressive rule. The
British responded, in typical fashion, by becoming more oppres-
sive, Insomeaspects, it mirrors the less successful revolution two
hundred years later, but I'm getting ahead of myselt

As I was saying, in the fertile ground of colonial America,
ideas took root. Readall the pamphletsof the tim
Sense, Rights of British America and the rest. They prot
tame and obvious now, but back then they were beyond radical.
What about Jefferson's words in the Declaration of Indepen-

ike Common

bly seem

We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are
created equal." Believe me, for most mortals that wasn't exactly
self-evident. These dreams were immense. They had to be, for
how else could the people have the courage to cast aside their

ties to one of the most powerful nations on earth? Indeed, to
claim that nation as an enemy? And how in a world of monar-
a nation be governed by common people?

ch
From thatday in 1776 when the document was signed even
Jelphia to

to the present, commoners made pilgrimages to Phil

see Liberty Hall; it's an important shrine for us and one of the
reasons the Legion of Liberty fought so desperately, less than 200
later.

Of course, the United

American people were more ot less used to fending for them-

es was rather exceptional; the

selves when they cut the apron strings. When you realize how
they succeeded against such odds at Jamestown and Plymouth
Colony, you get some idea of how they earned and learned
independence. While the transition to an independent nation
was rocky, the government managed to hold itself together
More or less the same thing happened with the commoners;
while practicing enlightened self-rule was much more difficult
local troll overlord (and mind you, many a

fine troll ruled back in those days), the rewards of freedom were

than following t

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner


Changeling Policics

in Carly America
Democracy...has been no better guarantee against war
than the old dynastic rule of kings.

—Jan Smuts

Inthe early days of the colonies, we had little contact
with each other. Lucky Kithain would have one or two
friends to keep them from Forgetting their true selves.
They had to be very careful in those days, for religious
and xenophobia were rampant, and the Burn-
e not entirely past. As more Kithain arrived
in the New World, groups became larger, and kith poli-
tics became more important. As usual, a motley's organi-
zation mirrored the mortals around them. Thus, democ-
racy was the rule rather than the exception. There were,
of course, some who were "Mayor for Life," but strictly
feudal territories were quite unusual in the New World.
Occasionally, charismatic personalities would rise to
dominate the political landscape of states or even re-
gions, creating a new state unified under one banner.
Such entities did become de facto kingdoms. The king-
dom might keep things stirred up or bring order, depend-
ing on the leader. Generally, the kingdom seldom out-
lived its creator.

As the changelings' situation in America stabilized,
we began to strengthen our connections with one an-
other. The leader of Marthasville might have some news
the motleys of Savannah would want to hear, ot perhaps
achangeling in Chicago might turn toa motley in Peoria
for refuge during a crisis. Over time this very loose
association became known as the Confederation of the
Turtle. While I don't know for sure, I believe the name
came from the Nunnehi, who at times were our allies.
Unfortunately, the Confederation was no more effective
than the ones the mortals scrapped in the 1780's, and
internecine struggles were too frequent to allow us to
come together permanently,

One common theme you'll find in any culture atany
era is the idea of "Us" versus "Them." In a fight or an
argument, I would support my brother over my cousin, my
cousin over my clan, my clan over my village and my
village over the village across the valley. In the dark times
when all Kithain were "Us" against the Banal mortal
| "Them," we acted in accord, and this cooperation saw us
through. But when resources were short and we had room
to breath, "Us" meant one kith. The redcaps would kick
the boggans aside for a freehold while the sluagh would
use the situation to further their own goals. Sometimes
thisstruggle would flare up into full-blown warfare, either
as kith against kith or territory against territory. More
often than not, we've been divided through our long
history, and it was part of what lost us the War.

— Justin Hejaz, eshu grump

cherished. When the French people revolted, though, the
ideals were soon corrupted. The dreams turned sour, and the
republic consumed itself with violence. Other countries had
similar problems as they struggled with the rights and respon-
sibilities of democracy. Many roots of the Five Years War were
sown at this time.

The Induscrial Revolucion

Industry's explosion in the late 18th through the 20th
century was a blight on the world. At first glance, one might
think it wasn't such a bad thing. Jobs were plentiful, and cheap
goods such as clothing and books were becoming readily avail-
able. For the first time, people had access to public libraries. Free
public education was a long way off in the late 1700s, but talk of
common schools was popular.

Of course, one of the flaws of most high school history
classes is that they tend to compartmentalize aspects of history.
"Today we learn about the great explorers; next week, great
attists." History just doesn't work like that. Nothing happens in
a vacuum, and I think history's far more interesting when you
understand that one simple fact. The age of industry held both
good and bad for us.

The Revolution had its beginning in the Enlightenment. It
goes without saying that the nockers were pleased as punch, at
least in the beginning. The gadgets, tools, contraptions and
innovations excited them to no end. Trains were the marvel of
the age! Why, people thought they would die if they went faster
than 25 miles per hour! And what about microscopes and
telescopes, Watt's steam engine, the cotton gin and steamships.
Listening to the nockers go on, you'd think Newton was a god
on earth

But you can have too much ofa good thing. When all those
innovations were applied, things went wrong. Factories sprang
up, belching smoke and soot. Forests were cut down to feed the
factories. The poor were given the choice to work 16 hours or
starve, and young hands could work alongside old ones. Pollu-
tion, long hours, wageslave conditions, children without child-
hoods, we've all heard about it, and some of us remember it well
The ranks of Kithain diminished alarmingly during this period,
for so many of our kind were unlucky enough to be born in the
industrial hells or in the stifling bureaucracies of new business
and were never inspired enough to reach their Chrysalis. Even
the nockers started taking a second look at things. Well, some
of them.

The Ages of Induscry
and Romance

Late 18th - 19th centuries — Industrial Revolution
begins

1861— American Civil War begins

|

i 1865 — American Civil War ends

| 19th —early 20th centuries —The Age of Romance
1912 — Titanic sinks


Tragically, and I'm loathe to admit it, but some among our

kind were among the oppressors. I don't mean Dauntain either,
although quite a few of those cold ones were foremen and
chairmen. Sad sit is, there have always been tyrants among our
lot, and the industrial world brought them out in force. Money
and power were their ambitions, and no one could get close
enough to stop them. And while nokith went underrepresented,
the ones that spring to mind are the nockers. A lot of them were
rich as Rockefellers and had the time of their lives making new
gadgets and not worrying about how they were produced. Ah,
well, it's the way they are, so we shouldn't blame them too much.
Oh, hell, blame them if you want

The Age of Romance
In the dreariness of the Industrial Revolution, there was a
spark of hope. We didn't just sit down in the grime and w.
away; we tried to change things where we could. The accumu-
lation Gf our'eflores becamea moveniens, which helped spawn
anew age: the Age of Romance.

te

The Romantic Movement was a backlash against both the
Banality of the modern world and the stilted conformity and
rationality of the previous Age. Where music was once structured,
it became flowing, bright, wildly passionate or darkly brooding
Poetry and art likewise became evocative. Themes of love and
heroism took on new life. Just look at the works of Shelley, Scott
and Whitman

Unfortunately, it was the middle and upper classes who
benefited from the change. Rights for the poor were practically
nonexistent; in fact, anything resembling a worker's union was
outlawed by the English Parliament. Still, it was something. The
middle class began to read novels, attend plays and listen to music;
in our situation, patronage of the arts is certainly something to be
thankful for. And the situation of children had changed for the
better. Before the mid-1800's, children weren't exactly doted on;
there was no point to it, since child mortality was so high. Instead,
they were treated as miniature adults. As the standards of living
improved —for those with money, anyway —children were more
likely to grow up. Partly for that reason, and partly because of the
shifting ideals of the time, children were loved and nurtured like
litele flowers, as certain writers put it

The War Bezween the Scaces

As American industrialism progressed, there wa
shift of Kithain to the agrarian Old South, where customs
hinting of the familiar European st especially
among the landed upper class. That's not to say there were no
Kithain among the northerners, not at all. There were
quite enough to make things interesting when the next

radual

s still existed,

revolution came. I guess if you wanted to generali:
could say the changelings in the southern lands were
ative idealists while those of the north were moderates
looking towards the future

ze

conse

Iwas there, sure enough, though my memories are vague
and scattered asa fading dream. There were those of us who took
up arms against distant rule, the same as our grandfathers and

great-grandfathers. And there were others who fought against
us, believing that to dissolve the union would shatter the dream
first given shape some eighty years previously. Who's to say
which side was right and wrong on that count?

And yes, we fought, albeit with swords more than guns.
There were battles you'll find in no mortal history book. Many
on both sides fell to Forgetfulness, or worse. And whatdid we get
out of it? A far worse oppression. More than a few changelings
lost themselves to Banality; some were undone entirely. While
the years just after the war were wretched down south, don't
forget that the changelings in the Northern states had their own
problems. Industrialism was at its height and brought far more
bad than good.

Wescwiard Hol

Our manifest destiny is to overspread the continent allotted by
Providence for the free development of our yearly multiplying
millions

—John Louis O'Sullivan

Since the first colonists arrived, the settlers had always
been looking towards the sunset, yearning to see what was over
the next ridge or through the next valley. As the population
expanded, brave pioneers set out westward, trying to get ahead
of the rest. I've heard that when old Daniel Boone would see
chimney smoke or hear a neighbor's dog barking, he'd up and
move his entire clan a few valleys over so he wouldn't feel so
crowded. In a time of prosperity following the War of 1812,
‘Americans looked westward and decided that God had given
them the right to rule the continent from sea to shining sea. So
they struck out by the thousands and tens of thousands, seeking
their fortunes. Braving wild animals, hostile Indians and hard
country, these people worked and fought to tame the land, or
just to find some place where no one could tell them what to do.
People were hungry fora place to call their own. During the gold
rushes, they dreamed of fast wealth and were willing to kill for
it. When enough folks moved into a place, it ceased being wild,
forpeople brought with them stores, newspapers, lawand trains.
That's when a new class of adventurous hero emerged: the
gunslinger, the duelist of the day. Nerves of steel and catlike
reflexes began the legend, which writers back east expanded to
almost epic hyperbole. Just like Robin Hood, criminals such as
Jesse James became fabled heroes, though they seldom deserved
the acclaim.

Ofcourse, you could easily look at the otherside of the coin.
Our expansion was at the expense of the people who were there
before us, Certainly, our distant kin, the Nunnehi, had every
right to fightagainst the Kithain, and they continue the struggle
today. But as a historian, you learn that history is about con-
quest. Ifsomeone gets land, someone else has to lose it. The only
difference now is that we've developed a sense of guilt. I mean,
nearly every culture has conquered or been conquered at some
point. Even the Tuatha de Danann were overcome by the
Milesians, So, while I'm sad the Nunnehi and their tribes were
given a raw deal, I'm not taking the next trod back to Europe.

"Turn of che Cencury

Late in the Age of Romance, art and literature looked for
inspiration in the fables of legendary times — this was our heyday.
Arthur, Camelot, El Cid, the Celtic Revival —all these were fair
game for theartistsand writers of the era. Mansions of magnificent
opulence — bought with the hard work of the wretched poor, of
course — sprang up in the getaways of the wealthy. Once again,
ir was an era of bright promise The Wright brothers (no, they
weren't nockers, but the nockers claim them as Kinain) built the
first working flying machine. Outlandish inventions such as
electric lighting, radios and the telephone were bringing the
world into the future. I believe this was the first inkling we had of
being one connected world. People thought they were entering a
glorious, opulent new age, one where they would rise above the
whims of nature and the suffering of past eras. Some say the
Titanic disaster was what comes of thumbing yournose atfate. Yet
as horrible as that was, a much worse tragedy would befall the
world, just a few years later

The Greac War

You smug-faced crowds with kindling eye
Who cheer when soldier lads march by,

Sneak home and pray you'll never know

The hell where youth and laughter go.

— Siegfried Sassoon, "Suicide in the Trenches"

Trouble again reared its ugly head as territorial disputes and
expansionist greed tumed into a shooting war, one thatsnowballed
intoa conflict of truly epic proportions. We call it the First World
‘War, which is ironic since back then it was called the War to End
All Wars.

When America entered the war, duty, honorand glory were
the watchwords. We were going tohelp our English cousins, ride
in like the cavalry and show how brave the sons of America
could be. And yes, you can bet that few Kithain could ignore the
siren call of glory.

Let me tell you, the War to End Alll Wars was among the
most Banal conflict ever fought. It was a meatgrinder designed
to kill the spirit as well as the body. Soldiers were drowning in
mud, huddling in caves and trenches, covered in vermin. Once
when we fought, we could look into the enemy's ey
blades clashed. Since then, humanity had invented ways to
impersonalize killing. Machine guns covered the field with a
hailstorm of bullets for which courage and valor were no
defense. Artillery churned the mud and collapsed bunker and
trench, burying men in tons of earth; flamethrowers seared flesh
Barbed wire grabbed and held its victim steady so the enemy

as our

The Greac War
1914 — World War I begins
1917 — United States enters the fray
1918 — Armistice signed; World War lends

Chapzer One: To Victors , the Spoils


Bene

Fire in che Sky
If there wasanything remocely resembling glory:or
| Glamour, it would be found in the sky. Knights of the air,
they were called, their horses built of canvas and wood,
their lances spicting machine guns: The face that moscof
these sky warriors met their deaths ina taatter ofdaysor
ieee orily gained greater lori for the sunNIVORS LOW
manychildren oftheage imagined flyingatRichenbacher's
wing? Or lining up Voss or Richthofen in their sights?
The dashing aviator, a figure of romance in his leather
jacket with asilkscarfwhippingin the wind, was thisage's
|.-answer to the gunslinger, the swashbuckling pirate, the
knight errant.

We had a few Kichain dogfightats on both'sides;
they even had a couple all-Kithain fighter: groups.
One of the best pilots, a nocker named MeGarth,
fiicked up an impressive 15 confirmed kills. One time
he got caught by a patrol of Fokkers and had his
Sopwith shot almost to kindling. So the story goes, he
nursed his craft in, cursing arid screaming at ic cokeep
itrunning. As he was walking away, the engine fell out
and the top wing collapsed

— Garrett Grady, boggan grump

could take aim; worst of all was the damned poison gas, which
blistered the throat and filled lungs with fluid. To top it off,
communications were poor, and ignorance and stupidity reigned.
Men charged into withering fire because that was how war was
conducted when Napoleon conquered Europe a century before.
Squads disappeared into the churned up mire because the
generalsdidn't know any better. No, in this war, honorand glory
had no place. Far too many of the Kithain perished. Many more
Forgot themselves in No Man's Land.

And what came of the war? Some saw it as a hopeful time
where all war was to be rendered obsolete (as well it should, for
most thought it too horrible a prospect to repeat). Others saw
the world more darkly and either fell into despair or into a wild
kind of carpe diem; afterall, iflife is meaningless, youmay aswell
have a good time! It was the mix of these two views that led to
the Roaring Twenties.

The Roaring Twencies

The Twenties were an interesting tumult. Prohibition
caused more problems than it solved, far as I can tell. Clever
people could get around the liquor restrictions; unlucky people
went blind drinking bathtub concoctions and organized crime
got a lift by bootlegging, A new mythology rose up around the
gangsters and the "G-men" who fought them. And yes, Kithain
were on both sides. It was pretty ugly, and people took terrible
chances with their lives, but like I said, the mood of the time was
"seize the day." Once again, just like in the West, you had tales
of Robin Hoods robbing banks, giving money to the poor or just
keeping it themselves to have a good time

Becween che Wars
1920 — Prohibition begins
1929 — Wall Street crashes; beginning of Great

Depression

1933 — Prohibition ends

Believe it or not, there were a number of freeholds estab-
lished in these wild years. The speakeasy, where a guy or gal
could get a good drink, dance and maybe find romance, was a
popular spot. A few remain open even today, and in some, the
mood of carefree optimism remains abundant.

Depression

Most sacyté contend chat banning alcohol led directly to
the Depression. Without liquor to keep people occupied, they
started throwing their money into the market. Ah, well, it
Sounds wood: Snyways

To be'parfectly honest; the Great Depression wasn't as bad
for usas you might think. Sure, people's lives took a turn for the
worse, and many mortals despaired of ever finding work. But
they seemed to hang'on to dreams all the more tightly. Holly-
wood offered escape, and youcan bet we were there. Pulp fiction,
radio and movies had a profound influence on the dreams of
mortals. Ifyou doubt me, ask an old grump about the chimerical
nightmare the Kithain had to deal with during Orson Welles'
radio adaptation of The War of the Worlds. The mass hysteria
resulting from that Samhain broadcast induced months of
attacks by chimerical tripods and tentacled Martians. These
things would have been amusing were they less dangerous.

Worid War 11

While not as numbingly Banal as the Great War, this
terrible conflict nonetheless cost everyone dearly. In the Con-
federation of the Turtle, duty called once again, and the wilders
joined up, despite the awful stories the gramps told about the last
war. For the most part, though, the Kithain didn't get directly
involved in the war.

In Europe, it was a different story. Many of the German and
Austrian Kithain joined the fray, far more out of loyalty to the
homeland than to the wretched ruling regime. Quite a few
nockers were ensconced in secret labs inventing new and more
interesting ways of bringing the enemy (whoever that may be;
the nockers seldom cared) to its knees; most of these were
Unseelie, of course. Other nockers were opposed to the war

The 1940s and 1950s

1939 — World War II begins

1941 — Pearl Harbor bombed; United States enters
World War Il

1945 — World War Il ends; Cold War begins

1950-54 — McCarthy era


because a few Kithain and many Kinain were ending up in
ration camps. We probably can't imagine the horror; it
s too painful. In ¢

con

pied countries, reactions were largely
against the fascists. The satyrs were mostly against Hitler and
Mussolini, and agh made fantastic resistance fighters
Eshu carried messages all over the Middle East, where there was
a war of espionage going on. Trolls were divided, depending on
where their strongest loyalties lay. As the war progressed, the
lity of the fascists became apparent to all. For everyone,

the

though, the war was a losing situation. Much of the ruin
included treasured architect d artwork that was lost be-
cause of the merciless bombing Ido mean inall the lands

war touched.

The Fifcies

You hear about constitutional
You

— Frank Hague

and

hts, free speech, and the free
ier hear a real American talk like that

press

After the war, people settled down and went on with their
lives. The new dream was the American Dream: success as
Jefined by a nice house, a big car, a good job, a family and a dog
Itwasnota great dream, as dreams go. Suburbs became crowded,

and one yard pretty much looked like the next. But where there
are dreams, there is hope and aspiration, and there we are, too

The world's highest summit was conquered, and a mortal
banner flapped in the thin, cold, and hostile air. Many colonial
nations gained independence. The first human-crafted satel
lites orbited the globe, and pilots soared faster than sound, firing
the imagination of a generation of would-be astronauts. These
years were full of remarkable discoveries and inventions, much
like the Renaissance or the Age of Industry.

Of course, there were dark times during this golden age
McCarthy and the red scare hurt the Kithain pretty bad; the
madness destroyed many a mortal career, sending a few into
Bedlam. And Kinain fell by the score, sent to jail or blacklisted
Probably the greatest blow to us was the stifling of creativity
among writers and filmmakers; many were fined or imprisoned,
and others suffered under censorship. I laugh at people who say
such things could never happen in Concordia. They did once,
and I fear they could all too easily happen again.

Lett suffice it to say, the country pulled out of its nosedive,
but as far as I'm concerned, it wasn't that interesting a decade.
The

let's move on, shall we?

was, overall, more Banality than Glamour in the end. So


waeas

*

1963 — President Kennedy assassinated

1968 — Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy
assassinated

1969 — Woodstock festival

July 21, 1969 — Apollo IL lands on the moon;
Resurgence begins

The Sixcies

The 1960's were one of those nexus points in American
history which foment great changes, with an impact that can be
felt for generations. The youth of the land, their heads swim-
ming with idealistic notions, raised hand and voice to bring
change to the world, to take power back from the old establish-
ment that, in their eyes, had botched up things but good.
Populations such as the Native Americans, African Americans
ana women began speaking out "Their dedls gave tie common?
ers strength and hope aplenty.

The civil rights movement, the war in, Vietnam; the;pol-
luted, degraded, and just plain toxic environment and the
redefining of the principles the country was based on all served
to divide young and old, Right and Left, Traditionalist and
Iconoclast, North and South. It was a clash of cultures, and it
promised a new and better world if we survived the change. It
was 0 difficult — look how many great people died in the
struggle: Still; chil was a powerful time to be alive.

There were many places — San Francisco, forexample, and
many college communities — where the music came alive and
drugs, sex and meditation were expanding consciousness and
lowering Banality. Changelings were drawn like magnets to
these places. We inspired dreams wherever we could, through
song, speech or hit. Many ofus were antiestablishment; afterall,
governmental stasis and repression hadn't done us much good,
had it? It was time to tum back to the people. So we marched,
raged sie-ins and raided government buildings.

We had hopes that out of all the turmoil a new society of
openness and freedom would be born. The more optimistic of us
hoped for a new Spring. We certainly got more than we ever
hoped — ot feared,

The Resurgence

And so, it begins

—Kosh, Babylon 5

Hindsight's a great thing; sometimes you can see the road
best in the rearview mirror. Yeah, something was up, but
everybody was so busy with what was going on in the world that
they didn't try an puzzle out the portents. The power of the
Dreaming showed itself in little ways as the ‘60s progressed. We
were seeing more chimera; Banality was ebbing in some locales
and those with the Sight were having strange vibes and confus-
ing visions. In April of 69, one sluagh friend of mine (well, an
acquaintance, anyway) told me he had dreamed that men had

The Foot's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Rade of che Shining Hose

Ie was just after we watched the moon landing. I went
outside and felt the Glamour rising in the air. It was that
sort of oppressive excitement you feel when a big storm is
on its way.

Then a sound like a thunderclap rent the air, and
there they were, a ghostly and majestic procession of tall,
slender and utterly beautiful sidhe, riding proud horses
with glowing eyes. Their clothes were finer than silk —
looked like they'd be spun from colored cobwebs. And
you'd have bankrupted the country if you bought all the
gold and jewels they wore.

The leader of the procession was the most regal of
themall, Her beauty was like the driven snow in sunshine
—blinding and cold. I couldn't bear to look ather, to look
anywhere except the ground. Compared to her, I was a
worm. She never spared mea glance, just rode on. Later in
the line, a man did spare me a look, like what you might
give an ant that just walked across you sandwich. I really
wanted to crawl under a rock

Pveseensidhe since then in the Dreaming, and letme
tell you, those changelings surely are just shadows of the
true fae.

— Keefer "Redeye" McDonald, redcap grump

landed on the moon and found a sword stuck in a boulder. Just
as an astronaut reached for the blade, a host of horsemen,
cloaked in a blinding light, stampeded over the men. I think he
was the only person in America who wasn't watching the TV
when the Eagle landed in July.

The air fairly crackled with Glamour, and it seemed like all
the Balefires flared briefly. The most aware of us swear they
heard a distant rumble, like thunder over the horizon. And the
sidhe returned.

How they came varied. Some rode out of the Dreaming in
great processions, taking mortal form only after arrival. Some
simply woke inside the mortal shells they had chosen. Don'task
me what happened to the humans who owned the bodies —
some say those mortal souls are frolicking in Arcadia now, but
I'm not apt to completely trust the sidhe. For all | know, the
humans were sent out of the world entirely, or maybe they are
locked in some corner of that hybrid mind.

Regardless, the sidhe were scattered around and had to
hunt for each other. Some Unseelie say they wished they had
known the sidhe were coming so they could have hunted them
down before they got organized. I think that's probably just
hindsight at work; many folks saw the Return as a sign Spring
was arriving. And yes, I was just as thrilled and hopeful as the
rest...at least at first.

Over the course of weeks, more sidhe started showing up. A
handful refused to take mortal form, and they either died or were
driven back into the Dreaming. After they discovered each
other, they began to make themselves known to us. As I said,


some commoners reacted with joy, some with indifference. But
many of us could see storm clouds on the horizon and knew that
when the lightning struck, it would leave us changed forever.

The Great Land Rush

Almost immediately, the sidhe began their land rush. In
litele retinues, they divided up the world into kingdoms, laying
theirclaims to individual areas before going outand taking what
they thought was their
Some claimed to har

all without asking the commoners.
memories" of frecholds and former
realms before the great Bug Out. Others didn't bother with that
pretense and just laid claim to the first choice real estate they
could get their hands on. And if the freehold's creator happened
ell, the pointy-ears would uswally be magnanimous
low the poor sod to swear fealty first

tobe there,
enough to a

T guess you can imagine that most of us didn't much care for
the idea of Restoration. The world was a very different place
than the sidhe remembered; even our monarchs were little more
than figurehea
Sure, there were some conservative commoner monarchs who
ruled with strict feudalism, but populist rule with a council of
advisors was more the norm. And even if we did want kings, why
would we want the sidhe? They abandoned us, afterall, and we
managed to survive without them. The sidhe had lost the right
tolead us. Divine Right had no place in the modern world, But

, or at most a "president for life" in those days

they didn't see it that way; the Shining Host just
a thank-you-we'll-take-it-from-here-and-don't-fe
on-your-way-out attitude. Then they got offended when we
said, "No." They demanded the "return of their rightful prop-
erty," and we replied, "No, now sod off." Then they got really
pissy. Only the fact that ownership of a freehold must be given
by free will kept the sidhe from evicting the owners or worse. As
it was, the sidhe persistence often provoked de facto sieges and
even skirmishes in many cities. As things got tense, leaders
emerged among the commoners. Some were already the mayors
or lords of freeholds or larger territories; others were relative
unknowns who found their voice in the heat of the struggle. The
spirit of 1776 began to rear its head among the motleys. The
analogy between the sidhe and the British was easily made, and
pretty soon you had fliers quoting the old patriots.

Most commoners had little interest in things beyond their
own holdings. A growing number of leaders had the foresight
to see the big picture. These visionaries called for a united
commoner front, using the "hang together or hang separately"
tack. If they'd been given the time, who knows? Maybe they
could have united the commoners. Unfortunately, that job
was done for them by the sidhe themselves.

I don't want you to think we were all for liberty, equality
and fraternity. Quite a few commoners sided with the Royalists.
They saw it as the natural order of things, or thought they'd get

Chapzer One: To Viccors , the Spoils


apiece of the pie in the new age when Glamour started raining
down from the sky. Motleys broke up, lovers parted, friendships
fell into tatters, all over the Restoration.

Things were bad. But they were about to get a whole
lot worse

2 The Betcaine CDassacre:
Nighc of che Iron Knives

Well, every commoner knows the story of the massacre.
Who-knows-how-many Kithain, the first among equals in
motleys from coast to coast, met to discuss a peaceful
settlement to the growing conflict. Instead, powerful magics
and iron blades filled the hall. Those commoners all died
forever, their souls burned away. Many of us still can't talk
about it without blowing a gasket or breaking down.

I don't know if we'll ever know for sure who ordered the
attack. But the sidhe certainly know, and since they haven't
given us the bastard's head, I can only assume they approve.
And that's reason number one to not trust the whole damn
lot of them. Sorry, that's not what you're looking for, is it?
Anyway...

Not surprisingly, the nobles lost a lot of their commoner
support. The Shining Host didn't seem so noble anymore,
and their treachery only cost them more blood in the long
run. If only they'd kept their word! I honestly believe that
we could have reached a peaceful settlement amenable to
all, But now we'll never know.

To their credit, members of House Fiona were openly
outraged at the atrocity, and most refused to join the other
nobles. A few of them even joined our motleys, and braver
knights and truer arrows I've never seen. Most declared

themselves Swiss, so to speak, and acted as mediators or
messengers between the two sides. Of course, a few
fought on the Royalist side. To be fair, though, I saw
many a normally fierce Fiona hanging back in a sidhe
charge, or clumsily letting fleeing commoners get

%

away.

Aswe hoped, almost all of House Scathach came to
our defense. Up until the Beltaine Massacre, they'd been
tight with the returning nobles (not that I understand the
attraction; the nobles treated them like dirt), but they
recognized the utter barbarity of the ambush. Besides being
swordsmen without equal, they made damn good assassins
Their greatest flaw, though, is their limited vocabulary;
they've never heard of the phrases "tactical withdrawal" and
"strategic retreat." I don't think the other houses have ever
forgiven their opposition; for my own part, the black uni-
corn is welcome in my hold anytime.

News of the massacre spread swept across the land like
wildfire; commoner riots erupted everywhere, and some
unwary and perhaps undeserving nobles were torn to pieces
or pinned with cold iron. The rest quickly banded together
and readied for battle.


>

The Betcaine Gachering "

When the sidhe came for our oaths of fealty, we
politely but firmly told them to get life, get joband get
gone. When they started throwing around their damn
Sovereign Arts, a couple of burly trolls escorted the fops
out ofour freehold. Well, their Texas-sized pride wouldn't
hh treatment, and before long things got tense
| in the old neighborhood. Then news came of a great
conclave where all the commoner leaders would sit down
and hash out our problems with Royalists. We voted
unanimously that Jerry Andros, the noblest and most
eloquent of our small number, should speak for us. Now,
some of us were a little worried; after all, we hadn't seen.
the vaunted honor of the sidhe in use since they showed
up. My friend Melyra even crawled out of her favorite air
duct to whisper dire portents in Jerry's ear. But he went
anyway, saying that any solution was better than fae
fighting fae.

Turns out, that wasn't an option. And I never saw
him again.

— Alaa

stand for si

, eshu wilder

The Accordance Car

So here itis, what you've been waiting all day and night to
hear, the history of the War. Before I goon, let me explain what
each side had going for it. It'll make what comes afterwards a
little clearer.

Advantages

They say it's not what you know, but who you know. Well,
the nobles had both. Many Arts had been forgotten before the
Industrial Revolution, but the sidhe remembered these as if
they'd used them yesterday. They were also experts at battle
tactics, as if fighting was all they'd done for the past 600 years.
They knew how to travel the trods and how to manipulate the
Dreaming to their own advantage. They slipped into newly-
awakened freeholds before we even noticed the Glamour.

They also had ancient connections. Pacts made with
Inanimae, werewolves, wizards, dragons....seems like those bloody
sidhe has sworn alliances or eternal friendships with members of,
every damn sentient culture they could find. And if half a
millennium had made those Prodigals and others forgetful, the
sidhe and the Dreaming would be quick to remind them of their
ancestor's obligations

Oh, and as if they weren't satisfied at having a royal flush,
the Shining Host had aces up their sleeves, in their pockets and
under their hats to boot. I honestly don't know what, if any-
thing, they could bring with them on their return tip. Perhaps
they merely recalled the resting places. But when we saw them
in hall or field, they bore treasures of legend, unseen since the
Shattering: the blade Caliburn, the Crown Eldritch, Davaric

the Thirsting...all these and many more were ready to make a
rebel's life difficult.

What did we have going for us? Well, numbers, obviously.
The sidhe were outnumbered almost 20-to-1. Even with their
commoner allies, we had the superior numbers. Secondly, we
knew the lay of the land. The world had changed a lot in 600
years; knowing the new geography was critical to what victories
we had during the war. New associations and new thinking
would take awhile for the nobles to understand. And most
imporrantly, we had spirit. Whether driven by hate and anger,
orby the fires of freedom, we had the powerofa cause on ourside

Allies

For he today that sheds his blood with me shall be my brother.
—William Shakespeare, Henry V

Kinain

Notall of our mortal relatives knew about the fae, but those
who did proved invaluable. Some provided safe houses. Others
made excellent messengers who, as obvious mortals, could slip
unsuspected through blockades. A few even fought with us, and
of course there were the few who had knowledge of the forge —
ahem. You misunderstand, I can see it in your eyes. Now, I want
to make it clear that 1 would wish a cold iron death on no
one.,.excepting maybe: those who committed the Beltaine
Massacre. However, giving the enemy something to worry about
— I have no problem with that. So, some of our Kinain hand
forged caltrops — you know, Roman nails, four points, no
matter how it lands on the ground, one points always up? After
we learned how the sidhe loved flank attacks, we would scatter
scores of those things around where we needed protection,
When we heard the shrieks, we knew the bastards were on the
move. Usually, the first few would be out of action, nursing foot
wounds. Those who continued the attack would have to tread
carefully, so theirattention was divided. Necessity is the mother
of invention, don't forget.

Tnanimae

Few Kithain know that our fae cousins, the Inanimae, still
exist, much less took part in the war. There were precious few
of them awake at the time, and their help was often subtle. |
mean, how do you see a water spirit in a river or an air silf on
the wind? But there werea few, so l'm told, who awakened with
the Resurgence, and some chose sides in the war. I have heard
tales of motleys aided by men of stone or inspired by warrior-
bards with a fiery passion in their song. I can't say I've seen
them, though.

Werewolves

Of the Prodigals, only the werewolves had an active part in
the war's battles, small though their effort was in the grand
scheme of things. There are several tribes of werewolves, some
friendly with the Kithain, some not. But the closest to us are the
tribe of the Fianna. I can see you've heard of them, and yes,
they're some of the best singers and taletellers you could ask for.

Chapter One: To Viecors . che Spoils 3


Me

‘And damn good fighters, to boot. There'sone group of them that
reveres Dana herself!

For centuries, we worked together, hiding each other dur-
ing the bad times, sharing song and drink (and beds, on occa-
sion) during the good times. It's understandable, then, that the
commoners might feel let down when the Fianna as a tribe
didn't get involved in the war. | guess I don't really blame them,
although I resented the hell outofitat the time. Afterall, we had
shared our blood and our hearths (and occasionally pulled each
other's fat out of the fire), and they said they didn't want to get
involved in "internal affairs." But what I didn'tknow at the time
was that the sidhe, who seemed to have made pacts with
everything under the sun and moon, had forged many oaths of
support with the werewolves before the Shattering. And not just
with the Fianna; House Gwydion used to be pretty tight with the
ruling tribe of werewolves, the Silver Furs or White Fangs, can't
remember the exact name, which didn't make things any easier
for our lupine allies.

Inspite of that, the Fianna did make the difference on afew
occasions. Sometimes their loyalty to their neighbors overruled
whatever their ancestors said hundreds of years ago. And there's
nothing like a pack of nine-foot killing machines for turning a
sidhe charge into a noble rout.

CDages

Now, these magicians...well, they were trickier to deal
with than the werewolves. It was hard to know where you stood
with them. A few genuinely helped us, mostly by healing our
wounds or hiding us after a sidhe trouncing. These were usually
the ones who call themselves Verbena. Another group of mages,
House Hermes, tended to side with the returning sidhe (prob-
ably more of that damn compact business). In general, though,
I think most mages who even knew about Kithain saw the war
asan opportunity to trip freeholds of their Glamour and capture
the stray Kithain for sick magical experiments. The rest didn't
even know or care what was happening.

Nannehi

The enemy of my enemy is my friend

— Ancient maxim

Don't think that the Nunnehi just sat around and waited
for us to finish our war before they started pestering us again.
No, they fought opportunistically. Some fought on the
commoners' side, partly because those individuals were at
Jeast on speaking terms with us, and partly because many of
shesidhe had treacedthemnatives badly 700 years ago! Ochers
would whack any Kithain that came along. Luckily, we
usually had a better idea the places to avoid, so blundering
sidhe bore the brunt of the raids. Nunnehi ambushes turned
the tide in the Battle of Newfound Gap, and the sidhe
lénriied quickly co be waryan moun tainéydeep forestsoropen
plains, especially near reservations.

ae

A Froncless (War

To dispel any confusion up front, the Accordance War was
a civil war, not some scrap in a distant land that folks thought
about every now and then. Most Kithain were involved in some
way, from the smallest childling to the silver-haired grump.
Each frechold was watching out for the enemy and preparing for
a scrap, if not actually fighting. Subjugated cities usually had
some kind of commoner resistance, and commoner-held cities
were always on alert for signs of sidhe. Just because the major
skirmishes were taking place a thousand miles away didn't mean
there weren't sidhe on the trod just outside your freehold. The
larger conflicts that have earned the name "battle" were, com-
paratively speaking, pretty rare. For every Battle of Buckhead or
Manhattan, there were hundreds of ongoing duels, skirmishes
and guerrilla actions.

Having said that, I'll focus on the larger conflicts which
involved organized units rather than scattered motleys. Such
battles were much rarer than the independent strike. A good
percentage of the sidhe, maybe even half, and their commoner
supporters traveled in great hosts to do battle with the "rebels."
Militia units were formed on a city, county, or even statewide
basis. One of the most famous of these was the 4th Troll
Commons; others include was the doomed 3rd Western Legion
of Denver fame, the Blue Ridge Battalion and the infamous Iron
Brigade over in the Kingdom of Burning Sands. As the war
progressed, survivors of broken units joined others, so that at
Second Plains the Ist Ozark Legion contained commoners from
the Mississippi delta to Milwaukee.

‘One more thing about the big units I need to say. For the
most part, the multiunit armies only formed when a battle was
expected. Once a particular struggle had been concluded, the
army dispersed. Standing armies became more common later in
the war, as sidhe conquests left many homeless soldiers.

The Opening QDove

Shortly after the Massacre, the sidhe realized what their
arrogant villainy had cost them. Commoners took to the streets,
hunting down every sidhe they could find. Many nobles chose
the better part of valor and headed west for San Francisco.
There, they gathered around the highest-ranking among them,
First Lord of War of House Gwydion, Lord Dafyll. Dafyll was an
arrogant prig among arrogant prigs, as far as I'm concerned. He
graciously accepted leadership of the sidhe forces and planned
the counterstrike. Andso, the first concerted move on the board
of the Accordance War was made on May 12, 1970.

1970: The Year of Sorrow

May 1 — The Beltaine Massacre
May 10 — Dafyll takes command of sidhe forces in

San Francisco
May 12-20 — The Battle of the Bay

June 19 — Seattle and Los Angeles attacked
simultaneously


The Bazcle of che Bay

The battle commenced in Berkeley, where some of the
heaviest fighting took place. The local commoners, following a
planted rumor that the perpetrators of the Beltaine Massacre
had taken refuge on the university campus, massed on the
grounds. There they were surrounded by noble forces and told to
surrender. They didn't, and a vicious but ultimately one-sided
melee ensued. A handful of commoners broke through the sidhe
lines and ran off ro warn the rest of the bay.

Had the entire commoner population joined into one mass
army, would they have won? Possibly. Numbers of that magni-
tude would have been hard to overcome, even for thesidhe. The
commoners' biggest weakness was that few of them had any skill
atfighting, and those that did usually practiced in bar brawls or
street gangs. Faced against armed and armored foes with tactical
precision, they didn't have much ofa chance. To make matters
worse, motleys chose to defend their own territories rather than
fight for the whole Bay. To leave their neighborhoods unde-
fended would allow those sneaky sidhe to occupy their free-
holds. As a result, the Bay Area was captured bit by bit. The
nominal leader of the Bay changelings, Ranalf Sumner, made
his stand at Coit Tower, which was located on a steep and very
defensible hill. There they held off the sidhe for several days.
Unfortunately, a false retreat lured some of the defenders off the
hill, where they were cut to pieces by hidden archers. The tower
fell in short order.

Beset by sidhe at the Presidio, Nerrit Skinner, Sumner's
successor, surrendered his forces in exchange for a promise of
mercy for all who laid down their arms. In general, this was
observed. However, fighting continued sporadically for another
day, and many of commoners paid dearly for their resistance.
Othercommonerstried to escape. Those who ran into Chinatown
were never seen again. A few managed to slip past the sentries
and flee to San Jose or Sacramento. Dafyll allowed the van-
guished their freedom in exchange for a number of hostages.
The sidhe got most of the freeholds, of course.

One of the final places to fall, notsurprisingly, was Alcatraz.
The abandoned prison was held bya mixed group of commoners
who found other retreats blocked. A combination of aerial
assault and subtle cantrip wore down the defenders, though not
before sidhe bodies littered the yard. Of thirty defenders, only a
dozen were captured alive. Lord Markhill ap Gwydion passed
summary judgment on the prisoners; since they liked the prison
so much, they could stay there. He had them hidden in solitary
confinement, away from curious tourists and away from each
other, their food brought to them by soundless, invisible chi-
mera. Markhill's lieutenant, who survived his lord at the battle
of Buckhead, neglected to mention the prisoners during ex-
change negotiations at the close of the war. The survivors were
discovered in 1979. Of the dozen, seven were still alive, though
in various stages of madness. One cell was empty; a court seer
claimed the inmate had fallen so deeply into Bedlam thathe had
slipped into the Dreaming.

Wass

Carly Days of che War

JOIN UP! The banner of freedom lies in the mud, trampled by
the tyrannical sidhe. The sword has fallen — will you dare to pick it
up? Lend your might to avenge those who fell at Beltaine! Lend your
strength to preserve your freedom!

Join the 12th Common Infanery! If not now, when?

—Chimerical Flier
Less than a week after the Bay was pacified, Vancouver
and Seattle were embattled, and Los Angeles was under
siege. The City of Angels resisted capture for months and was
still a hotbed of resistance for the rest of the war. The fact
that the Shining Host seemed to stop on the coast took us by
surprise. I found out much later (after it was too late to take
advantage of the information) that the sidhe had brought
with them the age-old squabbles between Courts. Once they
had taken the major centers of the coast, the bigwigs of both
Courts found hidden places in the Sierras and talked and
fought for months. I suppose the Seelie Court won out, but it
couldn't have been by much. They buried the hatchet in the
spring of 1971, seeing us commoners as a more important
problem to be squashed, I suppose.

Then, small units of sidhe began leapfrogging from free-
hold to glen. Dafyll's forces moved far more swiftly than the
commoners could have imagined. The chief reason was the
trod network, which few commoners knew about and even
fewer understood. In nearly every case, the commoners were
either killed, captured or left weakened to the point they could
make no move against the sidhe.

Though we hadn't figured out the trods, we still managed to
spread the news of war through various networks. From across
the country, changelings headed west to put down the sidhe
army. By car, by plane, by ornithopter or airship, Kithain legions
gathered to do battle.

The big battle was in Denver; General Brindel of the 3rd
Western Legion took command of the defense of the city.
Thousands were on the field to meet the enemy, and a couple
thousand more garrisoned Denver's freeholds. Against a few
hundred sidhe and some loyalist commoners, we thought we
stood a good chance.

We were wrong. The sidhe had us outgunned. A flight of
wyverns spit venom from above, tearing a hole in our tight
ranks. Sidhe arrows and cantripsalso thinned our the defenders.
Ournockers couldn't move their war engines ast enough to bear
down on the advancing enemy. The mounted sidhe moved in
liquid formations, diffuse until the moment the charge struck
home. Then they broke apart again and rode around to the
flanks. Leaving his own unit as rearguard, Brindel moved his
forces into the city. Unwelcome news came then that the sidhe
had taken by surprise and captured several key freeholds. Fight-
ing raged in the streets for hours as the commoners slowly fell
back to what freeholds they had left. By the end of the day,
Brindel knew the battle was lost, and it was decided to send the
bulk of the forces out of the city so they could join with the

Chapzer One: To Viccors , the Spoils 35

POY


Sam
1971: The Gear of Bazcle ie
ay 2 — Peace of the Courts
May 7-July 10 — The Milehigh Campaign
July 4-5 — Battle of Denver
October 4-7 — First Battle of the Plains

1972: The Ucar of Failing Hope
February 27 — Battle of Hot Springs

March 19-14 — Battle for the Arch
April 10-June I — The Bluegrass Campaign

armies to the east. At midnight, he launched a final offensive,
spearheaded by the Brigade of the Canyon. Once the battle was
joined, columns of commoners began a hard march away from
thecity, hoping to harry the sidhe along the way. The attack was
far more successful than anyone could have hoped, and in half
an hour the sidhe were either holed up in freeholds or pushed to
the suburbs. Risking all on the hope of driving the nobles to
ground, Brindel then ordered the retreating commoners to
return. The returning column was set upon and annihilated in
a terrible ambush; the sidhe's retreat had been feigned, and now
the west was doomed. It's been said that General Brindel and his
staff, aflame in the Dragon's Ire, took down many sidhe before
they were killed. The shattered remnants of the commoners

Silver Creek was an artist's colony in the Colorado
Rockies. Silver Creek Freehold was home to nearly a
dozen changelings. When we heard the coast was lost, we
vowed to fight. Most of us believed that our freehold
would be bypassed in favor of capturing Denver. There-
fore, half our number headed east to bolster the city's
defenses. The rest of us — our leader Astrid, Gilmel the
troll, "Furfoot" Freddy, a knocker named Zane, little Jane
Doe and myself — remained behind to protect our hold
and watch over our Dreamers.

It was dusk, two days later. The watch-hawk keened
once before a chimerical dart transfixed her. Three sidhe
were upon us even as we reacted. Two of us fell, wounded,
beneath one flashing sword. I drew my bow, but another one
of the pointy-eared devils laughed and waved her hand as if
twisting an apple from a branch. At that moment, my bow
shattered. The third sidhe, well, no words can truly describe
him. Clad in black and silver armor, with a dazzling silver
sword, his long hair billowing from his helmetless head—he
was truly too terrifying to behold. I couldn't bring myself to
draw my puny sword against him; I was afraid to, since I was
sure his notice would signal my doom.

The struggle lasted only moments more. We were
disarmed and brought into the yard to kneel before the
dread lord. "T'was clear enough, you have chosen to stand
against the rightful rulers of this land," he began. "Though
you have committed high treason and should be treated
accordingly, we understand that the mists of time might
make your kind forgetful of duty and honor. Therefore, we
shall be magnanimous and let you live, so that when this
petty incursion is finished you may swear fealty and join
your proper place in society." His haughty expression
hardened a fraction. "However, you must learn your place,
and do nothing to make us reconsider our generous offer
of clemency. Therefore..." We all shuddered as we felt,
almost saw, the sidhe gather Glamour around him like a
cloak. When he spoke, it had the ring of power in it. "As

The Fall of Silver Creek

the might of the sidhe rules the actions of the commons,
so does your will rule your hand. From this moment until
the moment you swear fealty to your new lord and master,
you will not question the power of the sidhe, nor move
against, nor act against the sidhe, nor consider such a
thought or act, lest your hand bring deeds to mark your
thoughts." With that, the three of them tuned and stepped
into nothingness.

Thad no idea whathe had said, but I knew from the buzz
felt that we were royally screwed. A second later, I heard
a loud smack. Gilmel had slapped himself across the face,
and from the color of his cheek, I'd say it was pretty hard
Then Freddy balled up his fist and began hammering his
thigh. I suddenly realized what the sidhe had said, but as I
opened my mouth to curse the bastard, my fist filled it.

This went on for four months. You can't begin to
understand what it was like — steeling your mind to think
about anything but the one thing that's foremost in your
head, day after day! We were bruised, then bloodied, then
maimed, all the while hiding our greatest hate in the world
from even ourselves. I eventually lost an eye, and my
innocence. His will and honor broken, Gilmel kissed a train
aftera month; Jane Doe prancedon the highway until semi
put her suffering to an end. I imagine we all would have
followed if it weren't for Dianira. She was a commoner
sympathizer from House Fiona; because she was a noble, we
could tell her all that happened. It took some doing, but
somehow she managed to end the spell. She didn't break it,
so much as twist the magic in on itself until it broke. It was
from her that we learned how the war was going, and why
our friends hadn't returned from Denver.

The tragedy of Silver Creek was repeated throughout
the west. Some freeholds were slaughtered, some enslaved,
but most were neutralized. The war found me a wilder and
left me a grump at the age of 17.

— Mic Tanner, boggan grump.


either fled east or went underground where they kept up an
active resistance until the end of the war.

After Denver, Dafyll resumed his advance. Sidhe riding
before and beside the main force neutralized many of our free-
holds, although they were in too big a hurry to put a concerted
effort into their attacks

The Milehigh campaign was a critical setback to any large-
scale organization the commoner military possessed, for the
main generals, key staff and a serious chunk of soldiers and
weapons had been captured. For the next couple of months, no
leader could be said to command more than a city's worth of
Kithain at a time. The Host continued to move across the
landscape, assisting the local sidhe in "putting down the rebels."

Defense of the west fell ro Calin Bloodforged, a troll recently
retired from the U.S. Army. The most influential tactician west
of the Mississippi, General Calin organized the free western forces
hecould muster, alongwith some eastern units. More wary of ruses
than his predecessor, he took his cobbled-together army to the
plains west of Kansas City. Nockers and trolls hastily threw up
crude fortifications and arrayed their forces to meet the oncoming
Royalists.

While not the disaster of Denver, it was a costly defeat
nonetheless. Besides having better mobility and tactics, the
nobles possessed several great treasures thought lost with the
Shattering: shields that shattered blades or warhammers, swords
that mowed down the opponents like a scythe on barley, horns
that struck unreasoning terror in the Host's foes. The sidhe's
new surprise was a pack of semi-controlled war manticores that
fell upon the commoner lines, stinging and rending. Two of
these beasts were dispatched at great cost by a company of trolls,
while the third turned on its handler. For two days, the battle
raged across several miles of country as the commoners sallied
forth and then retreated to their earthworks. Again, the sidhe
attempted to encircle the commoners, but the beleaguered army
managed to withdraw in good order. Calling upon bitter expe-
riences in the Viet Nam's la Drang Valley, Calin set a trap for
the pursuing sidhe army, which he sprang the next day. The
ambush, which caught the complacent nobles by surprise,
nearly routed the lead element of the advancing army. Unfortu-
nately, more loyalist commoners than sidhe fell at that skirmish,
but the enemy advance was checked long enough to make good
the commons' escape.

For over a year, there were no battles to match Denver, but
any veteran will tell you about the grim struggles at St. Louis,
Lexington and a handful of other cities. After two years without
any major victories, commoner morale was in the pits, and not
a few swore fealty to the sidhe.

Several war leaders, first among them Generals Sevarik,
Topaz and Lyros, joined Calin in taking command of the
disparate armies of the commoners. Lyros, a powerful troll noble
before the Resurgence, was seen by many as the commander-in-
chief of the commoner forces. These generals and the others
who served later were well respected. They had to be, for they
asked Kithain to leave their holds and homes to fight a seem-
ingly invincible opponent.

The Greac Lakes Campaign
and the Bazcle of Isle Royale

Nockers had built serviceable if somewhat bizarre-looking
ships of war to keep the nobles out of the Great Lakes. Not to be
outdone, the nobles had their own ships — long, sleek crafts
with billowed sails driven by unnatural winds. They were as
beautiful as they were deadly. The Great Lakes Campaign was
unique in that it was mostly fought on water and shoreline.

In the western half of Lake Superior lies a sparsely popu-
lated island known as Isle Royale, and it was here that the sidhe
went fo make a base. It was said that Dafyll considered building
Tara-nar on Isle Royale.

Two fleets, each with a dozen or more ships, squared off
south of the island. With cannon, burning arrows, catapultsand
finally with grappling hooks, rams and swords, the nobles and
commoners battled for the better part of the day. The nockers
had heavier armaments, but the sidhe had faster and more
maneuverable vessels. Though both sides were battered, the
commoners were the ones who had to limp away. The sidhe
allowed the retreat, for they were more interested in the island,
and by nightfall sidhe forces had occupied it. They had quite a
surprise that night, for they found out too late that they were in
the territory of some particularly misanthropic werewolves who
set upon the company with vicious abandon. Only a fraction of
the invaders managed to return to their ships.

As you know, Tara-nar was built in New York State. Even
today, changelings give Isle Royale a wide berth. I'd love to ask
the fleet commander if he knew all along about the wolves; I
suspect he did. Unfortunately, he was killed month later when
his flagship went down under a heavy barrage.

The Baccle of Philadelphia

Philadelphia was an important piece of real estate, if for no
other reason than its symbolic value. Liberty Hall, where the
Declaration of Liberty was signed, represented the spirit of the
commoner struggle. It was guarded by the Legion of Liberty,
commoners fanatically devoted to the cherished ideals of free-
dom and democracy. The battle was the most bitter of the war
up to that point; even the sidhe's magic and tactics could not
easily defeat their determined foes. The Royalists had to capture
the city one street at a time, wading through red snow all the

1973: The Year of Accricion
January 5 — The Battle of Philadelphia
May 1 — Foundations laid for Tara-Nar
May 3 - October 21 — The Great Lakes Campaign
May 28 — The Battle for the Huron

August 11 — The Battle of Isle Royale
October 2 — The Battle of Niagara Falls

December 25 - Jan 1 — The Battle of Manhattan;
Dafyll slain
January 1, 1974 — David Ardry discovers Caliburn

SSSsr


Prisoners

If you surrender, you shall be treated as prisoners of war,
but if [have to storm your works, you may expect no quarter

— Nathan Bedford Forrest

Despite what you've heard, the armies didn't go
around killing the wounded and giving no quarter. Sure,
ithappened sometimes, but it's ina soldier's best interest
not to kill an enemy that surrenders. Of course, the
nobles had to learn that the hard way. While most of the
sidhe were relatively merciful with captured common-
ers, a handful ordered mass executions of the "rebels."
Once word of this got out, you can be sure no one ever
surrendered; that was why the fighting in St. Louis was
so bloody. At one point, a sidhe patrol found the heads
ofa dozen sidhe stuck on a circle of pikes. A note on one
pike read (in blood), "An eye for an eye. A dead prisoner
for a dead prisoner." Soon after, the sidhe boned up on
their Geneva Convention

Prisoners of the nobles, so I hear, were given a chance
to swear loyalty to the sidhe; if they didn't they were
chucked into prison or kept as hostages. Some were
tortured or interrogated; others had their wounds tended
and received good rations. A few were Geased to sneak
back and commit some sort of mischief against the com-
moner army. It all depended on the noble in charge.

The commoners had similar fates for their prisoners.
Some Unseelie liked to torture their prisoners, and some
kept their charges locked in iron cages, a particularly
grievous fate fora sidhe. Most were treated with whatever
respect they had earned; in other words, a sidhe who
wasn't constantly throwing curses on the heads of her
jailers or trying to escape would be treated decently. It
wasn't unheard of for friendships — ofa sort —to develop
between captor and captive.

There were a number of prisoner exchanges during
the war. The commoners usually got the better end of the
deal, since the sidhe seemed to agree that one noble was
worth two or three commoners.

— Peter Mcallpin, satyr wilder

while. Eventually, however, they won through to Liberty Hall.
Ie's said that the first sidhe to enter the sacred hall fell into
Bedlam on the spot, but the others passed him to storm the
building. Whether the Royalists would have taken prisoners is
irrelevant, since none of the Hall's defenders asked for quarter.
Itwas probably one of the bloodiest battles in the war, and it was
a bitter loss. The only bright point to the battle was that the
Royalist army stopped for a couple of months to catch their
breath. No more real battles occurred until the beginning of the
Great Lakes Campaign.

The Fool's Luck: The (ay of che Commoner

The Bazcle of Niagara Falls

They couldn't hit an elephane at this dist —

— General John Sedgwick (last words)

Niagara Falls, New York was a Royalist stronghold. Late in
1973, the sidhe attacked Niagara Falls, Ontario in an effort to
secure the entire falls for themselves. The commoners of Ontario
took defensive positions on the Canadian side of the Rainbow
Bridge and awaited the onslaught. A company of about 50
mounted sidhe, lead by Countess Aife Silvesta, attempted to
dislodge the commoners who held the Rainbow Bridge. The
sidhe hurled blade, arrow and cantrip against the defenders,
landing many blows, few of them telling.

During the melee, Doireann ni Scathach crossed the rough
and frigid river and climbed the gorge face on the American side
until she could see the sidhe leader. Doireann's arrow flew over
80 yards: The'stories said ic passed between two bodyguards
before burying itself in the countess' chest. Their leader dying,
the Royalists redoubled their efforts against the commoner
shield wall, but could not break through. Both sides were much
reduced, but it was the nobles who withdrew from the field.
Though the sidhe were constantly probing the Canadian de-
fenses, no more major attacks occurred during the war.

The Baccles of CDanhaccan

Asarmiesmarched around the northeastern U.Sand Canada,
some found it odd that New York City, one of the more Glamor-
ous cities in the Northeast, wasn't attacked. Looking at the battle
maps, it seemed like the sidhe were actually avoiding the area.
The nobles' strategy became clear: by attacking bases to the north
and south, they were driving commoners toward the city; by
surrounding NYC, they were blocking escape routes. The annihi-

Baccle Odjeccives
The objectofweiris not to die for-your country But to make
the other bastard die for his.

— George Patton

In the Accordance War strategy, a stand-up battle
usually had one or wo objectives. The first was to take
territory; this was typical when there were freeholds to
claim. The Battle of the Bay and the Southern Campaign
were examples of this. The second objective was to
deplete the enemy's men and material. Denver and the
two Plains battles were in the second category.

We eventually learned that large field battles were
the Royalist's meat and drink. Itgave them plenty of room
to use their cavalry to good effect, while we hardly had a
horse, chimerical or otherwise, between us. After several
of these debacles, we wised up and switched to guerrilla
tactics of hit-and-run ambushes. Of course, most of the
troll commanders would conduct their stand-up fights
when they could.

— Vera Nkubah, eshu spy


lation of the commoner army and the cay
would be a crushing blow to the resistance, which was the intent
Gathering what soldiers his could, Lyros determined to make a
stand in Manhattan.

pture of those freeholds

The Battle of Manhattan was a kind of turning point of the
war. Everyone but the nitpicky historians

tend to lumpall the battles of the Manhat
tan Campaign under thename of the Battle
of Manhattan, but actually, there were a

number of engagements. At the innin
the campai
surrounding New York were more or less under sidhe
control. The sidhe swept through borough after borough
until only the island of Manhattan was in commoner hands
The larg t

the 30th of December, as sidhe units charged across the bridges
and leapt out of ships in the harbor. They met little resistance
until they reached Central Park; there, they met a troll army
making ready behind hasty fortifications. As they had for most
of the war, the sidhe took the initiative by a series of feints and
commando attacks before sw et the barriers and
smashing the army. The trolls and the mixed-kith companies
called up to support them took grievous losses. Lyros and his
nd the battle
heir own as

Island and the lands

battle commenced at dawn on

ping o'

forces renewed their lines the following day,
shifted back and forth. The slu:
intelligence gatherers and trap

came into
, insuring that the invad-
ers could not truly relax anywhere on the island

The noble
the commoners retr
ed by nockers and sluagh
regrouped units had less room to maneuver. By noon, the troll
units had been cut off from other commoner companies and were
estroyed. Nearly surrounded in his headquar-

wut at a terrible cost. Each time
idhe touched off traps

ined ground,

he ai

h each apparent retreat, the

desis

in danger of beit

ters in Greenwich, Lyros gave the order to scatter and conduct a

i

street-to-street le. The surprised sidhe's tactics were less

effective in the alleyways, while the commoners— especially the
sluagh — were at their best. Had things continued, the battle
might have been fought to a draw

But we all know it didn't continue. When word of the
Dafyll's death in the bowels of the borough reached the sidhe,
they had three different reactions. Some were shocked into
inaction, leaving the battle to mourn their leader. Others went
into a berserk frenzy which, though terrifying, lacked the skill
and finesse which had backed us into a comer in the first place
Finally, a number of ranking individuals ignored their battle
plans (and us) and began hunting for the late warlord's sword

>

I

i

ree

1974: The Year of Viccories
March 25 - April 10 — The Peninsular Campaign

April 1 -October 10 —The Shenandoah Campaign
January 1- September 2 — The Adlantic Campaign
May 4 — The Battle of Buckhead

October 30 — The Bourbon Street Massacre

Chapcer One: To Viccors , the Spoils

The Air War

The sidhe had a number of wyverns, which are two-
legged dragons that spit caustic venom.

One of the strangest airships in the sidhe arsenal was
| the corrig, a kind of self-propelled, living airbag the size of
| asmall house. A mouth on the front took in air which was
| blown outof gills" on either side of the body. Two or three
| Royalists stood in a gondola suspended from a harness
attached to the creature; from that vantage, they could
spy, fire their nocker bows or fling cantrips at the army
below. Opposing arrows bounced right off the rubbery-
looking skin. I have no idea how they controlled the
| things, and they were all gone by the end of the war,
victims of Banality.

The commoners had nocker technology, from
| ornithopters to airships to improbable cruisers that seemed
| tocome straight out of a E.R. Burroughs novel. Most of the
time, these fleets would join over unpopulated areas where
Banality wouldn't be as strong. Disaster struck during an air
battle in West Virginia, when a damaged passenger plane
on its way toan emergency landing flew into the middle of
the fight. Every aircraft and winged beast, with all their
crews, disappeared into the Dreaming; no searcher has yet
found a trace of them.

The leaders who went on the wild goose chase often drew off
their knights and retainers to aid in the search, taking more
pressure off us. The warlord's death gave commoner morale a
real boost, and the trolls milked itfor all ie was worth. Sidhe were
attacked from all sides, and knightly companies were crushed
between the 4th Troll and the Queens' Own Commons. Units
from the 2nd Brooklyn Infantry spearheaded the mop up and
were the ones who almost caught True Thomas and his young
noble charges. By dawn of the following day, the sidhe had been
kicked out of Manhattan. Of course, fighting continued in the
city for the rest of the war, but Manhattan would remain
staunchly in commoner hands.

And Dafyll? No, I don't know who killed him, and I won't
condone norcondemn the action. Ithappened, and because it did,
we won the battle and David Ardry discovered Caliburn. Itreally
gets my blood going when, to this very day, nobles fume about the
"dastardly criminal attack." Itwasone sidhe, in the middle ofa war.
Compare that with the wholesale slaughter of dozens of common-
ers who came to the sidhe unarmed and in good faith? Nothing
done by any ofthe commoners during the entire warcan match the
baseness of that vile act back on Beltaine, 1970.

Sorry. It really sticks in my craw, that's all.

After the death of Dafyll, the progress of the Restorationists
was much less certain. Manhattan had shown that the sidhe
could be stopped and even beaten. We got wise to some of the
sidhe tricks, and invented a few of ourown. We learned quickly,
and that gave us the strength to take the fight to the enemy.
Also, the sidhe had lost their point of unity, and had no one to

40

The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner

replace him. The war bogged down as Dafyll's lieutenants
conducted local and regional campaigns with their own frag-
ments of the great host. We still lost some, but we managed to
wina few, too. Some of the "subjugated" territories rose up again.
They weren't much more successful than the first time, but they
kept the western nobles occupied.

The Fall of Witlows

Barabas ap Eiluned, who claimed the kingship of the
southeastern portion of the United States, conducted a ruthless
and methodical conquest of his territory. His first campaign was
a series of invasions and sieges down the Atlantic coast, taking
nearly every major freehold and distributing them to his knights
and lackeys. This was followed by a westward series of strikes. A
couple of frecholds were destroyed during this campaign; al-
though each side points to the other, the truth of the matter
hasn't come out yet. His best-known atrocity was during the
taking of New Orleans. When the defenders of the French
Quarter refused to lay down their arms, the Royalist forces
stormed the place; gathering the survivors together, the king
had them all hanged as a warning to others. It's with no small
satisfaction to me that a decade and a half later, Barabas found
himself in the same unenviable position.

The Peninsular Campaign

The Accordance War was less violent in the Kingdom of
White Sands than in its northern neighbor. Queen Morgana
was very well received on both the Gulf and Atlantic coasts; she
wasfair, graciousand exceedingly compassionate to the common-
ers. However, the changelings in the more rural areas were less
inclined to surrender their independence. Furthermore, a band of
renegade commoners, led by a satyr calling himself King Walter,
claimed Orlando as theit own. This fief included Walt Disney
World, very powerful focusof Glamour that had openeda couple
of years before. Walter's supporters moved against Morganna but
were beaten back to Disney in a matter of days. King Walter was
imprisoned in Morganna's palace, which, from what I've heard
about the Queen, isn't that much of a punishment. They pretty
much stayed out of the war from then on.

The Norch Plains Campaign

The North Plains was one of the less successful sidhe cam-
paigns of the war. The first leader, Failana, was killed ina Nunnehi
ambush. Her successor, Nevarr, retaliated against the native fae,
which cost him time and resources. Thus diverted, he let several
commoner bandsslip past him and race north. He turned hisarmy
and followed, certain of a quick victory. Commoner forces, under
General Calin, moved like they were trying to protect something
in the open grasslands on the Saskatchewan-North Dakota
border. The sidhe took the baitand moved in, ready to destroy the
commoner resistance and then find out what was so important
there. It was ruse, a successful attempt to maneuver the enemy
into a favorable position for a battle: a high ground on open
country where mortals were not likely to intrude. While not
overwhelming, the Second Battle of the Plains was nonetheless
a victory for the commoners.


We were prepared, we thought, Our freehold was barri-
caded and booby-trapped, ready for a siege. What we didn't
know about was the trod. As all eyes peered through boarded
windows and arrow slits, the enemy began pouring out of adoor
we never knew existed, capturing our base and nearly half the
city's Kithain. From there, it went downhill. We were chased
around the city for days, bereft of a Glamour source for healing
or magic. Any stand we made was easily broken as we were
outflanked, outnumbered and just plain outdone. Each time we
ran, we left behind another brave fighter or two. Finally, tired,
wounded, and demoralized, Captain Phelps gathered us for a
final stand. He figured that if we didn't act then, we wouldn't
have the strength to put up any kind of fight. We drew the line
at the warehouses near the railyard. [can still remember watch-
ing the enemy form up, laughing and singing like they were
playing a game. This time, they weren't trying any fancy
maneuvering; | guess they didn't think they needed to, asbanged
up as we were. They didn't even ask for our surrender, damn
them. No, they just wanted a toe-to-toe slugfest, and they
wanted us all dead.

They advanced on ws like they were on a Sunday stroll.
Our ranks were thinning under the steady rain of arrows from
the sidhe archers, and there wasn'tanything we could do; we
lost our archers in the same skirmish where the commander
fell. Still, we braced to meet the advance.

Then came the rhythmic beat of teel against pavement.
The sidhe heard it too, and they stopped. Then we saw them
—a dozen of the meanest, wickedest redcaps I've ever seen.
Each one had nail piercings and tattoos so disgusting I don't
even want to think about it. And they all had red caps
(judging by the stains on their forcheads, I don't think they
were dyed with henna). All wore these heavy steel-shod
boots that rang and thundered when they marched, and all
carried these wicked-looking, very real spears. But the leader
made them all look like cub scouts. He wore a shirt of red
scales, and he had screw piercings running all the way up his
arms. Plus, he had the biggest spear of the lot.

When they got closer, everybody on the field felt it, a cold
that heads straight for your bones, the nails-on-a-chalkboard
kind of chill that creeps under your skin and tickles your hairs.
The spears were all cold frigging iron. One of the graybearded

The Bazcle of Norch Ford: Commoner Viccory

fellows whispered, "That's Toren na Gulon, of the Iron Brigade!
Gods, let them be on our side!" His prayer was answered as the |
redcaps formed a wedge and marched towards the nobles with
leveled spears.

Well, the sidhe weren't completely stupid. They started
shooting at the redcaps, but the supermen laughed —a sound
like an earthquake —and swatted the arrows aside with their
spears. One of the traitor trolls lobbed a cantrip powerful
enough to knock down a barn, but Toren thrust his spear into
the oncoming spell, and it fizaled.

Toren was at the point of the wedge as it drove into the
enemy. He batted aside a sidhe's sword and buried the iron in
the man's belly. You have no idea, lass, what kind of sound a
man makes when his very soul is burned away.
imagine it.

Youcan'teven

Now this whole time, we're just standing there, our jaws
on the asphalt, too dumbfounded to move. As the first knight
fell, we all heard the troll yell, "Talibin!" He ran another
sidhe clean through, and cried "Rikard!" And then we real-
ized: those were names of the Martyrs of Beltaine. It was like
he was avenging each in kind. The memory of the Night of
the Iron Knives got us going again, b'God. With the words
"Beltaine!" and "Avenge!" on our lips, we charged forward
will all our strength. Of course, the enemy caught on pretty
quick, too, and they were running before we could reach
them. We were chasing down nobles for hours. Okay, some of
us (I won't point fingers) didn't hear too well when a foe we
ran to ground asked for quarter, but don't think they would
have spared us either.

Aswestraggled back to the field, we met witha gruesome
sight. The Iron Brigade was carrying away the sidhe banner.
The pole was topped with the enemy captain's head! Several
of the redcaps were soaking their hats the pools of blood.
What they did with the bodies...several of Phelps' men got |
violently ill on the spot, and I'm not ashamed to count myself |
among them.

It was horrible. I'm proud of myself for standing with the
others; I'm not proud about everything I saw or did. But I
won't apologize. It was war.

— Jonathan Silvereye, satyr, VAW

The Car Winds Down

As the years progressed, the surge of enthusiasm the com-
moners gained from Manhattan began to wane. Rumors that a
High King had been discovered, and that Caliburn was again in
noble hands, took the wind out of our sails. Many felt the war
couldn't be won. Yet few spoke of surrender, since we believed
that would lead to a life of slavery or a death of iron,

Large-scale offensive strikes against the sidhe were less
common, as motleys focused on retaking and holding their old

1975: The Year of Endings

January 1 - July 31 — The Southern Campaign
April 11 — The Second Battle of the Plains

August 5 - September 20 —The Siege of Nashville
October 23 — Commoners meet with David
December 2 — The Accord signed

Chapzer One: To Viccors , che Spoils 41


territories. For most changelings, the war was more localized and
more personalized, with the motleys of one or two freeholds
fighting a self-proclaimed baron or count in another freehold.

The Treacy of Accord

Word spread that David Ardry wanted a meeting with the
leadership of the commoner forces. Itshould be obvious what we
thought about that proposal — did they think we could forget
Beltaine after a few years? But the trolls and some of the other
elders actually considered going to the meeting. General Malory
told me that Ardry, who claimed the high kingship, had proven
himselfa most honorable and reasonably egalitarian man. Still,
there were not a few of us who were already considering who
were most qualified to replace our leadership should the com-
moner representatives fall into another ambush. [ was chosen to
attend the council, though why I'm not certain. I can tell you,
I was as surprised to return to my hold as my comrades were to
see me.

The High King was pleasant without being supercilious. He
did not dawdle but came quickly to the point. I suspect his
brevity was preemptive strike; perhaps he knew that Malory or
Caprin would begin rattling off demands at the first opportunity
(asithappens, they had both spent the journey rehearsing). The
terms for peace were laid out. We were to follow the feudal
structure the antiquated nobles preferred. In return, the nobles
would have to allow commoners into their ranks now and then,
and they'd have to let commoners have a say in things through
a Parliament of Dreams that King David wanted toput together.
True, it was not much of a democracy, it turns out, but that's
what you get when the rulers write the rules.

Well, we were pretty impressed by the plan, and moreso by
the King's earnestness. The distaste, if not outrage, evident in
the eyes of many of Ardry's aides lent further weight to his words
and made us snickera bit under our breaths. Our leaders were for
the most part convinced, but maybe they were softened up by
the king's oratory and natural charm. I don't know. Certainly,
it was a tough sell to the folks back home. Some of them didn't
like our big concession; after all, overthrowing the nobility was
the whole reason for the war, wasn't it? There were some long
evenings of heated debate, I can tell you. Everybody wanted
peace, but many thought —and think — the price for peace was
too high. Some motleys were on the verge of rejecting the
Accord, even if it meant becoming outlaws.

The next dreadful thing to a battle lose is a battle won
— Arthur Wellesley, Duke of Wellington

This was probably the last major field battle of the
war. It was also among the largest, with thousands of
Kithain on the field. True, it was another set-piece field
battle, but we weren't the green troops we'd been when
Dafyll pushed across the continent. We were battle hard-
ened, disciplined and a good deal wiser. We had another
advantage as well, in the form of better equipment and
nocker technology. During the war, our smiths and engi-
neers were testing new designs in battle and improving
them all the time. Here on the plains came the ultimate
test. Now we had rapid-fire chimerical crossbows, and the
finest weapons and armor we could loot from the enemy.
We matched their cavalry with our catapult tanks and
ballista scooters and their griffins and wyverns against our
airships and ornithopter:

The battle raged bitterly for several hours, and its
outcome was in doubt until the very end. Here the sidhe
broke against the 4th Troll Commons like waves against
the rocks; there the I Ith North Georgia struck atshadows
as the Scarabs slipped past them.

Finally, the recall wassounded, and the Restorationists
left the field. We regrouped to pursue our foes, but we
weren'tin any shape to carry the fight to them. Instead, we
tended the wounded, gathered prisoners and the Mist-
taken and took stock of our situation.

A great many had fallen, and many more would suffer
as the parting curses of our enemies took their toll. General
Lyros' favorite, Commander Brydina, fell to a blast of
wyvern venom, and our troll commanderalso lost several of
his best captains.

This battle vies with Manhattan as our greatest
victory. In my opinion, it was greater; Manhattan was
largely won because the enemy commander was slain by
treachery. At Second Plains we won by our own strength,
not because someone assassinated the enemy leader.

I returned to the field a few years ago. Though no
mortal eye can see, the fae blood and mighty Arts have fed
a wild forest of red brambles that reach out and entangle
any who come near. Blood drawn ftom a thousand pricks
falls on the ground to nourish the horrible briars. And so
the war continues to claim its victims,
abin Vintarro, aide-de-camp to General Calin

Then, the trolls — nearly the whole damn kith — threw
their support behind King David. Well, that tore it. I remember
wondering ifsome deal had been struck behind closed doors, and
haven't necessarily been convinced otherwise. Whatever the
circumstances, opposition to the Accord collapsed in the face of
troll capitulation. Still, in my freehold it wasn't a time for
misgivings, but a time for celebration. The war was over, and fae
wouldn't fight fae any more.
Hey, we could dream, couldn't we?


S

a

Ocher Views

Yes, I fought for the nobles. Does that make me
disloyal to my kith? Hell, no. The return of the nobles was
a sign that Spring is near, if only we have the courage to
strive for it. That means uniting under the sidhe's banner.
Short sighted, that's what the rebels were. They'd rather
rule in Hell than serve in Heaven.

— Kent Maxwell, boggan grump

Pm neither troll nor sidhe. War isn'ta glorious affair,
it's just about destruction and pain. The day the Accord
was signed was the happiest of my life.

— Elizabeta, sluagh wilder

The boggans of this world don't understand. Yes, war
isa dirty, painful business, and the cost is great. But for
trolls, sidhe and yes, even the redcaps, battle is what we are
about. We are creatures of the Dreaming, and our role is
the martial struggle, whether in a duel of honor or in a
legion. Dana created the first troll with a sword by his side.
Always have we been defenders, and always will we be so.
Those who call for a peace without honor do not under-
stand that we can no more acquiesce to such a thing than
we could stop breathing. To lay down asword when honor
demands to strike — it goes against every fiber of our
being. Ask the saint to renounce her God, ask a mother to
slay her child, ask a troll to kneel before a tyrant, and the
answer will be the same. To call us warmongers is to be
ignorant of what we were created for, of what we are.

— Egil Magnarson, troll wilder

Countess Freddi was eal friendly to usuntil she got her
own freehold. Then she ignored us. So things worked out
great. Except when she caught Brekka making fun of her in
court. Then the Countess sicced her two big mastiffs on her.
And they breath fire, too. Lucky for Brek, she could outrun
them. I really hope her tail fur grows back, though,

— Kaatje van Patten, pooka childling

The Warwasa boon for members of the Unseelie Court.
Unburden yourself of scruples, and you can make a fortune
selling weapons or information to both sides. I didn't do any
such thing, you understand, but I know a few guys that
drained unprotected freeholds while everybody wasoffdying.
Anda few redcaps and darker trolls et up protection rackets
for undermanned freeholds, eventually protecting their way
into ownership. But hey, more power to ‘em.

— Peigi Eightfingers, redcap grump

The baron I serve is wise and just, a sterling example
of his house. Even after the Accord, when he could have
easily taken our territory, he asked us for the privilege. We
granted it and have never regretted our decision. He takes
his obligations to his people most seriously, unlike many
whosee their lands asasupply of Glamour and soldiers. He
protects the land and his charges from monster, raider, and
Dauntain. I am proud to serve him.
—Finlay the Fair, troll wilderand thane to House Fiona

(x

é

On che Glory of War

The old men march slowly, all bent, stiff and sore
The tired old men from a forgotten war

And the young people ask "What are they marching for?"
And I ask myself the same question

— Eric Bogle, "The Band Played Waltzin' Matilda"

The war was hard, true enough. And long. Some-
times I can't bear thinking about all the friends I lost, at
Manhattan, at Tuer Bridge, at Holkum's Fairground
and all the other fights.

But ina way, I miss it. I mean, I had a purpose. I was
fighting for something. I could look at the redcap next to
me, and even if didn't know his name, he was my closest
friend in the world at that moment. We were all com-
rades, and whether we lived or died, we knew we were
right. [ was young, dammit, and I thought we could win
the world! I was a warrior with a cause! Now, what am I?
A damn gray-haired grump nobody wants to listen to.
Hell, half of my holdmates weren't even a gleam in their
father's eye when we were facing the Shining Host. It's
ancient history to them, and I'm their resident dinosaur
And the sidhe are still in charge.

What I wouldn't give for a little youth and pride.

— Siegurd Fyuri, troll grump

ny
N

The AFcermach

Civil war, such as ‘you have just passed through, naturally
engenders feelings of animosity, hatred and revenge. It is our duty to
divest ourselves of all such feelings.

— Nathan B. Forrest

So, the treaty was signed, and all lived as friends forever
more, right? Bullshit. The war carried on a while longer. The
grudges were too strong. "We shall have peace...right after |
claim this freehold." "We'll play nice...as soon as Count
Ratbastard has his accident." Hell, for the next of couple years
leaders from both sides were getting fumble-fingered with knives,
falling asleep at the wheel, stumbling into dragon's lairs and
what have you. The High King did his best to stop it, even
appointing trusted commoner Kithain as sheriffs to investigate
and stop the killings. One of the king's own advisors, Lord
Melizein, was brutally murdered, and I know that fellow wanted
the Accord towork outas planned. He didn't really deserve that
kind of death. But you know the thing that really pisses me off?
Some of the less popular lords "invited" commoner "wards" to
stay in noble freeholds. They said it was a "gesture of goodwill"
to let one of the Great Unwashed live with the aristocracy. But
weall know they're insurance against an uprising. The practice
continues to this very day, and for all his political skill, King
David can't seem to figure out what's really going on. Or maybe
he doesn't care.

Well, I shouldn't poison the wells for you. High King David
certainly knows how to get people to work together without

43
<Le

Chapter One: To Vicrors . che Spoils


reaching for their hilts. I guess everybody's more or less resigned
to the way things are. But | don't trust the sidhe, no, not one bit.
I wish the trolls were still in charge.

As one might expect, Eire took the Restoration very hard.
Unlike the current unrest amongst mortals, the fae's conflict
engulfed the entire island in blood. The biggest mistake of the

English sidhe was to try and get involved. Though beset on all
sides, the Irish nobles made it clear that they would handle the
taming of the country themselves. Perhaps they were jealous of
theirland, which tobe fair is arguably the richer in trods and glens
than anywhere else in Britain or Europe. Eventually, ofcourse, the
Irish sidhe prevailed (the Dreaming will have its way, after all),
although to be quite candid the Irish fae are somewhat lax about
maintaining class distinctions. Not as much as the Americans or
the Australians, of course... wonder if one could find a correla-
tion between proximity of a colony to Mother England and
integrity of standards. But | digress.

The War of Ivy

I think the effects of the Resurgence were colored by the
attitudes of the local commoners. For instance, in England the
bulk of fae accepted their new rulers with resignation at worst
and joyous hope at best. Granted, there were a handful of
anarchists and such, but they were too few to cause the rest of us
much trouble for very long. But we commoners surely couldn't
complain; after all, we have two kingdoms ruled by nobles of
common stock. Overall, we looked forward to a new Lyonesse.

A Timeline of che War of Ivy and che 69

July 21, 1969 — The Resurgence begins; in Caledonia, King Ross defeats the Glaswegian Defense Union. An uneasy
truce begins in Albion and Cymru. In Hibernia, the Resurgence is called the Return and causes great strife; most hostilities
cease within two years

June, 1970— Word of the Beltaine Massacre spreads; commoners attack nobles unprovoked in Albion and Cymru; most
common forces are defeated

September, 1970 — Battle of the New Forest, one of the few commoner victories

March, 1972 — Battle of Oxford; Lord Berwin Lindon, asidhe, defeats troll Lady Garyn Garfield in single combat and
claims the town

Imbolc, 1973 — Gwilym, seneschal of Gwynedd, makes a rousing speech in the freehold of Yr Wyddfa Fawr, calling for
peace

Beltaine, 1973 —The Treaty of Ivy signed in Albion and Cymru. Sporadic fighting continues over the next four
in Caledonia; most fae consider this business as usual

Imbolc, 1977 — The Caledonian Compact officially ends the 69 and sets up an alliance between sidhe monarchs

A Timeline of che Five Years War
July 21, 1969 — The Resurgence
Fall, 1969 — Major fighting breaks out in Heidelburg, Paris and Berlin
Spring, 1970 — Siege of Munich; founding of the Silver Rose
September 21, 1970— Battle of the Black Forest, a narrow commoner victory
October 1, 1970 — Second Siege of Munich; the city falls to the sidhe
November 3, 1970 — Battle of the Don, another sidhe victory
Winter, 1971 — First nocker war machines appear, with devastating results
April 30, 1971 — Munich retaken by commoners
Summer, 1971 —Neustria becomes a haven for the nobles and their official base of operations
Fall, 1971 — Oktoberfest Massacre kills a number of sidhe
December 3, 1971 —Truce of the White Mountains, lasting until commoner siege of Heidelburg
August 6, 1972 — Battle of Heidelburg, which remains a sidhe stronghold

September 20 ~ 27, 1972 — Siege and fall of Cologne to commoners

October 31, 1972 — Second Truce of the White Mountains; ends with sidhe siege at Prague
December I1, 1972 — Battle of Prague

March 15, 1973 — Battle of Krakow

May 29, 1973 — Battle of Strasbourg, which remains in Neustrian territory

August 25, 1973 — Battle of the Rhine, a major naval engagement and commoner victory
January 1, 1974 — Beginning of Galacian Armistice, which holds firm
May 1, 1974 — The official founding of the Galacian Confederation; end of the war


f
,

Cymru, the land just behind Eire in Glamorous resources
and somewhat ahead in isolationism, also faced a powerstruggle.
Rebellion was not quite as pervasive in Wales as in Ireland, and
thankfully less blood was spilled

It can be safely assumed that the Scots fae would have
something to say about the Resurgence. The proud Highlanders
would not give up fighting amongst themselves without interfer-
ence from true nobility. The War of Ivy is not truly ended there;
the Highlanders raid across the borders periodically, and when
the sidhe advance north they are hammered by hordes of kilted
warmongers. The lowland Caledonians are far more reasonable,
being more concemed with fighting the forces of rival sidhe than

fighting the sidhe in general

The Five Gears War

Thave spoken with scholars who witnessed the restoration in
other parts of the world and came up with some very different
stories. The jumble of Leagues, Unions and Alliances that make
up the Galacian Confederation didn't take the nobility's return
with very good humor, nor did they need a tragedy like the
Beltaine Massacre to get their blood boiling. Right away, the
commoner kith denied the sidhe's right to rule. When the nobles
moved to assert their claim, they were met with a united front, an
assembly of kith armed with the most fiendish array of weaponry
the nocker guilds could design. For all their might and skill, they
couldn' defeat the Galacian commoners. Of those who survived
the Five Years War (as those on the European continent term the
War of Ivy), a few agreed to settle down and live under commoner
leadership; however, the majority left their homelands rather
than submit to commoner rue

Contrast this with the Kingdom of Neustria (mundanely
known as France); if you ask me, they have taken the Royalist
view a bit far. Imagine this — the sidhe outnumber the com-
moners! A bit top-heavy, don't you think? There was bloodshed
tobe sure, and periodic uprisings are not uncommon even now.
But by all accounts the antimonarchists never stood a chance
and were punished rather brutally.

Scandins was a model for us all; so far as I have seen, the
nobles were welcomed and their rightful thrones returned. |
believe the peaceful transition of power was a product of two
points: first, the kith of those lands have always been pro-
monarchist, and second, the ever-honorable trolls make up the

largest part of the population.

The Low Countries — Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxem-
bourg — were largely neutral during the Five Years War,
although to be perfectly frank, they abhorred the excesses of
Neustria, taking in many commoner refugees. The Iberian
kingdoms to the west, while embroiled in sidhe-commoner
fighting fortwo years, spent the next two yearsin an interkingdom
struggle.

As to out former colonies "down under," as they call it, we
saw much the same effect as in your Concordia. The war in
Australia and New Zealand had no starting point analogous to
the Beltaine Massacre; rather, it grew slowly, as small skirmishes
between noble and commoner begat larger battles.


Te"
Nn From the 7Os and 80s
co the Present

The future frightens us, the past tempts us, and our lives slip
away, lost in the terrible moment in bet

Emperor Turhan, Babylon 5

For many humans, the high of the 60's crashed in the
seventies. The rock stars who inspired dreamers around the
country began to die from drugs or accidents. Many young
people lost their vision of a better world and became Banal
moneygrubbers. Others rejected either vision and became punks.
The space program lost support, and the Apollo missions were
canceled. There were a few minor triumphs — unmanned
probes to Mars and deep space, but nothing to capture the
world's attention like Apollo 11.

Asthe years went on, things didn't improve, either. Music
went through a reinvention or two. Though the Top 40 was
uninspired as ever, folk music from around the world gained a
new popularity. Nothing in the space program could match
the first moon landing, but the space shuttle did stir the
imagination. Eventually, the newness wore off. The grand
achievement just looked too easy to excite. Unfortunately, it
took the Challenger disaster to remind people how dangerous

as

space travel is.

It took a good decade for things to quiet down after the
r. Changelings used to taking care of them-
selves now had to bow to nobles; in turn, sidhe who had always
thought unquestioned loyalty their due now had to, um, make
allowances for the "headstrong, lawless" common folk. We
still have our share of tension between us, but folks are a little
more accustomed to the arrangement. Granted, we have room

Accordance

for improvement.

You might not believe it, but the Dreaming's influence is
stronger now than before the Resurgence. Many take that as a
sign of the coming Spring. But least one fatalistic friend of mine
likens it to the brief appearance of improvement that the dying
experience before sliding into oblivion. But don't despair, that
wouldn't do. We've come through hard times before, and we'll
doso again. Like now, with the High King gone, I have notaclue
about what's in store. It may be that finding him will unite
commoners and nobles; it could be we'll all take this as a signal
to rebel. Life's all about cycl
there'll be a spring, no matter what the doomsa
remember that old traditional:

and where there's a winter
tell you. Just

We dance ever slower as the leaves fall and spin
And the sound of the hom is the wailing of the wind
The earth is wrapped in stillness and we move in a trance

But we hold on fast to our faith in the dance

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

orem "The Fucure

A Postscript from General Lyros:

"The King is dead, long live the King." This was to be the
final test of our new world. When the king passed on, his heir
would take his place peacefully, and lives would go on without
pause. But I fear we will fail the test. David, with the failing
inherent in youth, didn't proclaim his heir apparent before the
kingdoms and the Dreaming. Certainly, he called young Prin-
cess Lenore his heir, but he also treated Queen Faerilyth as all
but co-ruler. And then there's his sister, Morwen, now Regent,
who could make a claim for the throne should she wish it. Worse
yet, there are a number of Kithain who hunger for the royal
throne themselves and are too foolish to realize the futility of the
attempt. Still others would suffer no king to rule them, least of
all a sidhe.

Oh, child, the darkness threatens us again. The appearance
of King David unified the fae as nothing else could; his disap-
pearance threatens to dissolve that union. Kithain across
Concordia suspect everyone from Dauntain to the High Queen
herself of bringing the new Arthur down. Though I would see
justice done, who did the deed is not as important to me as what
comes next. Will the nobles war with each other, bringing their
commoner vassals into the fray? Or will it be another war
between commoner and sidhe?

Already I hear members of all kith stirring their fellows to
action against one group or another. What do these agitators
} hope to accomplish? Have they forgotten the futile carnage of
the Accordance War? Don't they realize that such a war can'tbe
won, only lost? I fear another war will spell the end of our kind,
and the slide into the Winter from which the world will never

emerge.
From a Conversation with Badr al Din:

Yes, my boggan friend, I too have heard the words of
war, the cries for blood. I have seen the fires of greed and
|. anger and vengeance in the eyes of commoner and noble
alike. But am not troubled.

Do you fear the loss of King David? His loss was fated, and
you shouldn't fear Fate. He was a good king and a noble soul, but
he is not the one who will lead us home. The prophecies of

Balin, spoken in the days of the Shattering, have made

" everything plain. To paraphrase: The Highborn shall
return to bring light into the darkness, but the light
brings little warmth to those huddled in Winter's cold,
The light dims as blades snuff it out, but one of the
Highborn stays the hands and joins High and Low
together. This, of course, has come to pass and should

be familiar enough to you. But the tale foretold
continues: In his weakness the good king falls, and
anarchy and darkness return. Yet in the midst of the
chaos, two Kithain, one Lowborn, one High, will
meetas equals, Together, they shall discover the key

that will open the Silver Gate. When the light of
rarefied Glamout pours forth from the gate, then comes
the True King, who brings light and fire great as the

Chapcer One: To Viccors

che Spoils


summer sun! Seelie or Unseelie, all shall kneel to the King, and
peace shall be restored to the land. Banality's grip on the world
will be broken, and a new Mythic Age will arise

Ican see you're skeptical. Look at it from the point of view
of the Arthurian tales. Surely you've heard the bards call David
the new Arthur. But it's not so; he is Uther, the one to come
before. He ruled, then fell. And the Sword was given to a
Kithain who, though a restless Eshu, has a spirit as true and
unyielding as stone. And only the one destined to rule this land
will be able to take it from him. Makes a certain sense, does it
not?

When comes the king, so comes the Spring. And it comes,
never fear. Already the Seekers search for the Two. And they
will be found, mark my words.

SI OSMOSOSS,

Tam numb with shock and self-loathing. Could what
Tenara has said all be true? That awful story of Silver
Creek? And the others? How can what he said about
Dafyll be right? I've always been told he was a good and
decent man. Yet, even if only half of what the satyr said
were true...No, it wasn't my fault. I didn't even arrive
until the Accordance War was over. And I would never,
never, never do anything to hurt a commoner, except in
self-defense.

And while I thought there might some kind of fuss
over the loss of High King David, | really didn't think we
have some kind of war. What General Lyros and Badr al
Din have said really scare me.

I said I wanted the truth. I just didn't know it would
hurt so much.


The Shoc Heard Round che Wortd?

Asone might expect, commoners and their outlooks vary
widely around the globe. While by no meansa complete roster
of fae strongholds worldwide, the following is a sampler of
locales commoners may frequent, or avoid like the plague.

France — The proportion of nobles to commoners in
France, or the Kingdom of Neustria as it is known to the
Kithain, is about four to one. This hotbed of extreme
promonarchists is probably the worst place a footloose and
fancy-free common fae could find himself. Most nobles here
think any commoner without an oath of fealty is a dangerous,
anarchist, and some staunchly traditional commoners would
agree. Neustria includes the Duchies of Bayeaux in the north,
Burgundy in the south and Sapphire Seas along the Mediter-
ranean coast. Southwest France is the Aquitaine, the inde-
pendent demesne of High Lord Rathesmere of House Fiona.
Commoners in dire straits may be able to find a refuge in his
court if their reason is good.

Spain and Portugal — Sometimes the allies of Neustria,
four kingdoms comprise these lands of the Iberian Peninsula:
Navarre along the Pyrennees, Aragon in the east, Leone in the
northeast and Castille in the central and southern regions.
Commoners, whether in service to a noble or not, are always
welcomed; eshu and boggans are an integral part of the society.

The Low Countries — Nobles in the Kingdom of
Flowers (the Netherlands) and the Kingdom of Golden
Threads (Belgium and Luxembourg) generally abhor the
Neustrians' anti-commoner outlooks. Boggan gardeners and
cooks, nocker crafters and even troll dockworkers are a large
percentage of the Kithain population. House Liam has a
major stronghold in the Duchy of Tulips (Amsterdam) and
welcomes all changelings who come in peace.

The Galacian Confederation — If Neustria is a
commoner's nightmare, then this realm is her best fantasy
come to life, at least in theory. The Confederation covers the
mortal lands of Germany, Switzerland, Italy, Greece, Fin-
land, Eastern Europe and several nations of the former Soviet
Union. Major political divisions include the northwestern
Elbian Protectorate, the Bavarian League, the central
Thuringian-Saxon Union, the northern Pomeranian Alli-
ance and the Council of the White Mountains in Switzer-
land. The Confederation's population is about 99% com-
moner, with nockers, redcaps, sluagh and satyrs the most
numerous kith. A group of commoners, usually elected, rules
each political unit. Ofcourse, this works better in some places
than others. The Bavarian League's diet, for example, runs a
strict but fair demesne; their neighboring counterparts in the
Province of Venezia are laid back and even welcome the
occasional noble visitor. Many of Neustria's nobles are exiles
from the Galacian Confederation; at the end of the Five
Years' War, they chose to leave their homelands rather than
live under commoner rule. Much hatred still remains from
those harsh times of the Resurgence.

Scandinavia — The Isle of Snowflakes (Iceland), and the
Kingdoms of Dalama (Sweden and Norway) and Jutland (Den-
mark) are peaceful and prosperous lands. Here, nobles and com-
moners live and work in great harmony, the latter far outnumber-
ing the former. Not surprisingly, trolls are the largest kith, but
thanks to the nations' agricultural, mineral and sylvan riches,
many nockers and boggans also enjoy the fruits of the far north.
Kithain of the Seelie court refer to themselves as the lios alfar,
faeries of light, while their Unseelie cousins use the name svurt
alfar, faeries of darkness. Most Kithain of this region, noble and
commoner alike, are staunch monarchists. On the other hand,
commonersare treated as equalsand not servants;some have titles
and rule alongside the sidhe as landed huskarls, trusted bondsfae.
No wonder things work out so well.

The Middle East — The Caliphate of Cedars (the
Levant), the Sultanate of Hejaz (the Arabian Peninsula) and
the Empire of the Caucasus (Turkey and the Caspian Sea
basin) are the three largest political units of this region. Few
Kithain of the west have traveled to these exotic realms, but
many eshu speak of the beauty of the crafts, architecture and
land. Satyrs and pooka have told of warm welcomes and
bountiful hospitality to commoner and noble alike.

Africa — Ancient legends tell of wondrous empires in Mali
and Ghana, where the streets were paved with gold. Today, the
majestic beauty of the savannas, lakes and waterfalls inspires all
Kithain who come here. Most changelings who visit these lands
find theirown kind wandering and walking, though fae kingdoms
with tiesto the Sultanate of Hijazdo exist in thenorth (Aglahbib)
and the northeast (Nubia). Naturally, eshu are numerous here,
but they share the land with many pooka and have some ties to
Prodigal shapeshifters. No stories of commoner-noble conflicts
find their way to Concordia, but the truth is that much of Africa
remains secret from the outside world.

The Far East — Little if anything is known about the
presence of changelings in Asia; if nobles and commoners live
here is anyone's guess. Most Westem fae have heard rumors of
strangeshapechanging creatures with unusual powers, butwhether
these are Kithain, Gallain or Prodigals remains unknown.

Australia and New Zealand — The Land Down Under
and New Zealand are known to Kithain as the Isles of the
Wandering Dream. For such a vast land, the population is
relatively spare. Major duchies are located in Sydney,
Melbourne, Brisbane and Perth, and these cities are the
centers of fae activity. Though these lands had their share of
troubles between sidhe and commoner in the Resurgence,
most old grudges have been settled.

South America — Most fae in Concordia and Europe
have heard dire warnings about this continent, whether from
the Prodigal Garou or mortal allies. A force dwells here that
stifles the joy of the Dreaming, and Kithain generally avoid
the place, and some worry about any Nunnehi that may be in
harm's way.



tism of others
— Queen Elizabeth I

Kithain social customsand political structuresare adouble-
On one hand, the strict hierarchies
ent of a glorious past; something
stirs within a commoner's soul when she swears fealty to anoble
lord in an elaborate ceremony or witnesses the bounty of a well-
kept noble freehold. Such social edifices protect all changelings
from the Banality of the modern world, and for this reason,
feudalism is a logical choice of government for the Kithain
On the other hand, the fae now populating the mortal lands
are changelings. While potent and magical, they are not the
unchecked faeries of old who could change reality with a thought
and a song. Changelings have to interact with human society to
survive; for a Kithain to ignore the mortal side of his nature is
wrong. Thus, changelings have to cope with the political realities
that have come about through dealing with mortals. After the
sidhe's departure in the Shattering, a lot of newfangled ideas
became all the rage, such as government by and for the people,
proportional representation and universal suffrage. Perhaps these
conceptsarestill alien to some commoners, but more and more of
the common kith are beginning to think about what freedom
truly means. Certainly it connotes added personal responsibility
anda lack of carte blanche protection from a feudal overlord, and
sometimes these burdens are too heavy for a beleaguered fae to
bear. A commoner who has to worry about Banality and wayward
chimera might find it easier to participate in a feudal system that
guarantees safeguard against such dangers. Those commoners
who do advocate an end to fae feudalism point out that such

edged sword for commone:
of fae feudalism are remini

True patriotism doesn't exclude an understanding of the patrio

See

worriesare minor in comparison to the glories of freedom without

ch political ruminations

the chafing yoke of feudal hierarchies. Si
are notas much a debate between Seelie and Unseelie as between

a love for tradition and a need for modem practicality. Most fae

desire both.

Tenecs of Fae Feudalism

Fealty is neither taken nor given lightly.

Lords and ladies must protect those who

fealty to them.

Fae who swear fealty toa lord or lady owe that noble
allegiance and obedience.

A fae's word or oath is binding with the force of the
Dreaming.

All of this political talk was relatively theoretical, material
for a good discussion over drinks down at the local commoner
freehold and pub, until the disappearance of High King David.
Whether by personal magnetism, the power of Calibur orsheer
David managed to keep the peace between commoners and

nobles. True, his system of government was traditional fae
feudalism, but thanks to inclusion of commoners in the Parlia-
mentof Dreams and granting a fair number of titles to common-
ers, it worked relatively well. Now, the threads that bound
Concordia's peace are straining; some have already snapped.

Chapcer Two: Natural Orders. 51


Will High Queen Faerilyth take matters in hand before hostili- . 5 XC
ties between noble and commoner erupt? What of other mon-
archs and leaders, such as the Regent Morwen, Princess Lenore

or General Lyros? Only the future can answer.

This chapter details political and social realities of com-
moner life, from the Escheat to Courts, secret societies and
dealings with other supernatural beings. Voices of commoners
on all points of the political spectrum also illustrate the com-
plexity of various issues. Of course not every outlook or secret
society will be ideal for every chronicle; Storytellers and players
alike should pick and choose among all the material here to
enhance their commoner stories and characters as they see fit.

From Gloria's Journal:

It's so confusing. Everything seemed so clear cut
before: We loved and cared for the commoners, and they
in turn respected us and the old ways. Sure, there were
exceptions; I've known some wonderful commoners who
completely deserved their titles, just like I've met a few
nobles that had no more sense than a ball of play-dough.
And yes, I've slummed with a commoner or two in my
time. But were we patronizing them? Didn't we count
them less than ourselves? Isn' it like that stupid old line,
"{ don't mind if my daughter dates a redeap, I just don't
want her to marry him?" I'm ashamed to admit | never
really noticed what happened to anybody I left in bed the
next morning. I've heard lots of nobles snickering at some
poor pooka whose clothes were mismatched. Weren't we
being needlessly cruel? Isn't that Banal in itsown way? We
know so little of what harm a single word can wreak.

The CEscheac

Ieain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long
as you don't break any.

— Mae West

The Escheat isa set of rules and rights that forms the basis for
Kithain society and politics. Depending on a fae's political
outlook, he may follow these codes to the letter or bend and adapt
them to suit hisneeds, A commoner's Court, kith and station will
affect how he views the Escheat. Trolls and boggans tend to be
among the most letter-of-the-law fae, while many pooka, redcaps
and sluagh bend rules almost to the breaking point. With satyrs,
eshu and nockers, outlook is really impossible to predict.

The Right of Demesne —

The lord or lady who oversees the domain has the right to
set and enforce laws there. By the same token, they should
respect their vassals and be gracious hosts. Likewise, they should
notsetdown rules that are impossible to follow. Commoners are
obligated to follow the laws of the demesne, particularly if they
owe fealty to the fiefs lord or lady.

Reality:

Some nobles run their freehold like armed camps and punish
the slightest disobedience. Faced with these attitudes, many com-

52 The Fool's Luck: The Way of the Commoner


ees

moners find new places to dwell; occasionally, they stage protests
Many commoners can't understand the absolutism nobles enact in
theirdomains. I'sahard choice fora moderate commoner to make
when faced with a staunchly Traditionalist noble on one side and
the Banality of the outside world on the other,

The Right to Dream —

Inspiring creativity and dreams among mortals is honor-
able, but stifling their imaginations or taking Glamour by force
isacrime. Flooding them with too much inspiration isan equally
foul practice. Commoners closest to mortals consider the Right
to Dream the most important rule of the Escheat.

Reality:

Like their noble counterparts, Seelie commoners refrain
from ever stealing Glamour froma mortal, except, perhaps, when
the need is so great that many mortals and fae will die without it.
Some rumors floating about speak of trolls who refuse to take
Glamour from a mortal, even at the cost of their own lives. The
Unseelie commoners, again like their sidhe brethren, don't have
compunctions about taking Glamourin time of need. Maybe they
feel a slight guilt, having a stronger connection to humans than
the Shining Host, but then again, maybe not.

The Right of Ignorance —

No fae should reveal the Dreaming to mortals, for they are
a force of Banality. They will seek out and destroy the Kithain
and our places of power through innocent curiosity as well as
malevolent hunts for our knowledge. The more humans know,
the less Glamour there will be to sustain ws.

Reality:

Seelie and Unseelie commoners alike agree on this: Do not
reveal knowledge of the Kithain to humans. Punish those who
do and make sure all traces of fae presence have been removed
from the mortals' minds. The only possible exception to this rule
are the Kinain, humans who have fae blood in their veins. Many
times they can be staunch allies. Commoners, unlike the sidhe,
don't find anything degrading about sharing kinship with hu-
mans; it was a means of survival and has led to many good times
through the years.

The Right of Rescue —

All Kithain have the right to expect rescue should they fall
into Banality. The loss of even one fae is a blow to changelings
everywhere. To save a fellow fae is to save a portion of the
Dreaming itself.

Reality:

Commoners abide by this rule to the letter, Seelie and
Unseelie alike. The bond between commoners is strong, past all
differences of Court and kith, in the face of Banality. They'll
generally ignore danger to save someone from the terrible fate of
Forgetting. Thisright also extends to beloved personal chimera or
chimerical creatures. The one instance where the Right of Rescue
gets blurry isin regards to newly arrived sidhe from Arcadia. Most
Seelie commonersgladly welcome thenewcomers; many Unseelie
do so as well, if a bit gruffly. However, members of radical
antimonarchist groups, such as the Ranters, often hold important
sidhe arrivalsas prisoners in exchange for ransom. The very worst
Kill these newcomers; fortunately, this is a rare event.

Commoners and the Escheac
On Demesne:

| Do we honor the wishes of a master or mistress of a
| freehold? Yes, to a degree. Thank them for their hospital-
ity. Abide by their laws. But leave quickly if you find it a
place that discourages free thinking and polite expression
of opinion. Rules of respect worth both ways.

— Kabali, Seelie eshu minstrel

On Dreamin;

| Sure, I've takena dab of Glamour here and there from
| a mortal. So what? I had my reasons, pretty good ones
considering one of my chums was bleedin' to death. You
wanna make something of it? You gonna spank me, fatty
boggan? Sounds like fun.

—Tathy Gams, Unseelie redcap hacker

On Ignorance:

Secrets are quite important, my dear, and while keep-
ing them from mortals is difficult, it is necessary for our
protection and theirs. Have you not heard of the sidhe who
kill enchanted mortals, lest their memories of us remain
intact? No? Perhaps you are not listening, then.

— Pierre Chazell, Seelie sluagh entomologist

On Rescue:

No shit, there we were, glass beakers flying, frogs
everywhere, mice gettin' squashed underfoot. Hey, don't
turn so green! It was great fun. Sure, things were Banal and
nasty, but it was worth it to see poor Soren so happy to see
us. I'l never forget how glad he was to get out of there.

— Annalise Torgsdottir, Unseelie troll cop

On Safe Haven:
| AmIbitrer? Damn right lam! There's too many people
here, shesaid, in thatsickly sweet voice of hers. The Balefire
will wane and we can't have that now, can we? I swear, she
treated me like I was an ignorant kid. Do you see this scar?
| It's from the Accordance War. | only fought for one day,

bur hell, I was there just the same. And then to be denied

| safety in a freehold with a pair of gorehounds after us
Stuck-up bitch

— Brian Saven, Seelie nocker gunsmith

On Li

Have you ever heard a sidhe beg for mercy, boggan,
No, I can see you haven't. They moan and cry, terror
sttiking them a thousandfold when the cold iron touches
| their thinnecks. I wonder howmany nobles feltpity on the

Night of ron Knives. Did they tum aside their blades? Did

they protest the terrible wrong of it all? If so, we have no
record oft, just the silence of the dead. [ reward my victims
with the same.

— Martinet, Unseelie pooka, supposed member of
the Ranters


The Right of Safe Haven —

All places of the Dreaming are sacred and must be pro-
tected. Likewise, beings such as fae and chimera should be given
succorand shelter when they require it. No one should be turned
away and left to face Banality alone.

Reality:

Commoners have always welcomed their fellow change-
lings, no matter what Court orkith. They consider this extremely
important as some nobles have turned commoners away in the
past; while they may want to say turnabout isfair play, commoners
are too concemed for the Dreaming to doso. Some Unseelie may
put desperate nobles through a lot of taunting, but they will
eventually open the doors of the freehold and let the sidhe inside.

The Right of Life —

No Kithain shall spill the lifeblood of another Kithain.
Death is anathema and steals life from the Dreaming itself. To
die in honorable combat with chimerical weaponsis acceptable,
provided the one slain will be reawakened with Glamour.

Reality:

While the vast majority of commoners firmly uphold this law,
othersconsider ita hypocritical machination of thesidhe. Afterall,
weren't the Shining Host the ones responsible for the Night of Iron
Knives? More brutal and cynical commoners, largely Unseelie,
note that thesidhe are quick enough tomake laws that protect their
own skins but have little regard for those of the commoners.

Social and Policical Scruccures

As we ascend the social ladder, viciousness wears a thicker mask

— Erich Fromm

In many ways, the society and politics of commoners mirrors
that of the sidhe. Both groups have Courts and seemings. Sidhe
have their Traditionalists, Reformers and Modernists while com-
moners are conservatives, moderates and radicals. As the years
have passed, though, many of the common kith have come to
enjoy their own distinct social groups and identities apart from
the sidhe. Many celebrate holidays geared towards commoner
interests; after all, they lived here for over six centuries without
the presence of the Shining Host. When the sidhe returned, most
were tolerant of these commoner affectations, though a few
nobles thought the commoner upstarts needed a good drubbing.
Presently, most nobles continue to respect the interests of their
subjects, at least in public. Behind closed doors, their reactions
range from laughter at the boggan bake sales on May Day to real
concern about the harsh rhetoric of some radicals. What's been
amusement or feigned disinterest in the past may bubble into
something more violent as nobles cope with the disappearance of

High King David and the muddle left behind.

Seemings
From Lauren MeCrae, boggan legal adviser
You're really too young to understand much of this, just

barely into your wild years, but commoners have a long outlook
on seemings. With each progression of age, there are certain

=

behaviors and responsibilities that must be learned. If childlings
don't learn torespect theirelders, they turn intoa bunch of spoiled
brats. If wilders don't kick up their heels a bit, they're bitter when
their golden years hit them. Ah, well, I can see you're confused.
I probably should set about explaining it a little better.

Childlings

First of all, let me assure you that leaning can be as fun as
any game. The childling years are for training, education and
practice, but that doesn't mean a bunch of dreary lessons. We
boggans especially believe that the young ones should learn
from life. That means working in the kitchen, planting seeds in
the garden or helping the knight polish his sword. So tell me,
what child doesn't like to help make a batch of chocolate chip
cookies, then eat them hot from the oven? Haven't you ever
planted beans ina drink cup, watering and watching over them
until they sprout? See, the important thing is that we mature
changelings take childlings under our wings, nurture them and
show them the Kithain way by our actions; this is what fostering
is all about. With good mentors, they grow up to keep the
Dreaming alive. I admit it's hard, though, to find the right
balance between learning and fun. Remember, childlings are
closest to Glamour and the Dreaming, and both great wonder
and big trouble come from these little ones. Who do you think
makes most of the random and stray chimera we see? Yes, the
childlings! Every child has nightmares, but what fae, kid or
adult, wants to facea living nightmare? See why it'sso important
forus to treat childlings well but with a firm hand? Unhappy kids
have bad dreams, and that's a problem for everyone.

Another difficulty with childlings is that most still have
mortal parents. More and more fae mentors are learning tricks
toget the kids away at least fora while; they masquerade as piano
teachers, dance instructorsor coaches. These deceptions get the
little darlings away from their oft-Banal homes long enough to
let them keep their charm and learn about being Kithain. But
there's still lots of trouble when the childlings prefer the com-
pany oftheir fae mentors over their own parents. Sometimes the
young ones run away to freeholds, which on more than one
occasion has led the authorities and worse straight to the fae. But
I'm getting away from the official process here.

Ata time deemed appropriate by the mentor, the local
noble and usually the court sorcerer, the fledge presents himself
and is given his True Name; this ritual is called Saining and
marks the entrance of the changeling into formal Kithain
society. Before Saining, many kith have childlings undergo the
Fior Reigh, a test of courage, wits and artistry. It used to be for
nobles only, but that seems to be slipping by the wayside. As you
may know, it really depends on the kith as to what form the Fior
Reigh takes. Artistry to you or me might mean designing an
elaborate herb garden, but to a redcap, it could be carving the
grossest tattoo imaginable. Usually the mentor and her trusted
friends come up with the tests, often with the blessing of the
local noble. While the Fior Reigh is more or less optional for us
commoners, it's terrible luck for any changeling not to undergo
a Saining. Most slip into Bedlam...or worse.

.

By the way, I should mention that fostering has nothing to
do with Court. Seelie though I may be, | understand that we all
have Unseelie sides to our natures. We'd be denying tradition if
wedidn't teach the young ones about our more chaotic tenden-
cies. It's true that like follows like and that 've had mostly
fledges in my lifetime. But I'd never turn away an Unseelie
childing in need, no way.

Even after a childling undergoes her Saining, she often
remains near her mentor for some years. The truer separation is
the Togail an Ainm, which is a sort of birthday that marks
passage to her wilder seeming. A similar affair comes when the
wilder becomes grump, too, though it's not nearly as joyous an
occasion. On Wilder-day, there's usually a ceremony with
friends and family, even mortals. Then, the party begins, and it
lasts for years while the fae enjoys the most exciting time of her
life. (For more information on both Saining and the Togail an
Ainm, see The Enchanted.)

Uilders
Looking back with the eyes ofa grump, I think wilders need
to treasure their salad days, and seems to me you're the living

example of how wilders should let their hair down. Look at you,
running all over creation collecting stories and living it up.

Fa
By
\

Well, that's more or less how it should be. [know you believe I'm
pretty stodgy, but in my heyday, I cut loose more than a time or
two. What's the use of being young and fancy free if you don't
do something about it? Life is too short, even for ourkind, to not
have some fun while the sun shines. Get all che hijinks out of
your system while you're a wilder, because life will surely get
more sedate and responsible as you get older.

Most Kithain are wilders, and these years are the time for
quests, politics, war and romance, not necessarily in that order.
T put quests first because after the initial Togail an Ainm,
marking the advance from childling to wilder, many Kithain
take on lengthy searches and missions. In part, sure, this is tose
the world and have a good time. But another reason is that
quests and all that comes with them help fend off Banality and
renew a fae's stitting of Glamour. Most of the great commoner
heroes you hear about were wilders; this is a time in life when
both body and mind are sharp.

Wilders are notorious flirts; | don't care what kith you're
looking at! Notice I'm talking about romance here and not
marriage; that's for later. Some wilders have a love ‘em and leave
‘em attitude; look at those Fiona sidhe, and you'll see what | mean.
Commoners, excepting the satyrs, are a little more sedate. Their
ideas of romantic fun and gamesare things like kissing parties and

Chapzer Two: Nacural Orders 55

exchanging cloved fruit. Many trolls will ake on a quest fora [| ~~ =
loved one, that being their ultimate proof of affection. Ever seen
acourting eshu? Now there'sa lovely sight: goodies from all over,
plus beautiful poetry and love stories to boot! Another custom,
probably borrowed from the sidhe, is the betrothal. This usually
lasts a year and a day, and for that time, the couple tends to be
faithful to one another. After 366 days, they can renew the vow
for another year and a day, split up or make it permanent. The
latter, though, seldom happens until later in life.

The wilder years are also when many commoners get
involved in politics. Take folks like Dewey St. John Flanders,
Vlad Rogvodov and even that crazed German nocker, Ragnild
von Folkke, They're all wilders and didn't get involved in the
Parliament of Dreams or in running revolution until they were
no longer childlings. It takes a little know how and the ability
toheft your voice above a squeak to have real political influence.

Yes, all in all, Pd say that most changelings run headlong
towards their wilder years and fight tooth and nail to tay that way.
Too bad; there'sa lotto be said forsome pleasuresofoldage, y know.

Grumps

There's a time for everything, and after a long summer of
wilderhood, most commoners agree it's time to settle down. As
the oldest members of Kithain society, it's our duty at this point
in our lives to pass wisdom on to the next generation. Rearing
young changelings is terribly bittersweet; it's a time for nostalgia
and looking backwards because it's damn scary to look ahead.
The childlings are our future, and we must be responsible for
ensuring they can carry on after we're gone. Nobody likes to talk
about growing older, but it's better to plan ahead and make sure
you've left behind some kind of legacy, whether it's a master
work or a well-mannered childling. That's why fostering is so
important to grumps. Any changelings who shirk this duty, well,
there's something not right with their thinking.

The Togail an Ainm marking the progress from wilder to
grump is a solemn occasion but also a time for celebrating the
many accomplishments of the guest of honor. Some wilders
resist this with all their might, and it usually takes a word or two
from their motley to get them on the right path. At the
celebration, it's not unknown for a noble to granta substantive
boon to the new grump, in honor of the day,

And yes, there are many joys still to be had. Wilders balk at
marriage, children and settling down; grumps rejoice in these
things. I don't suppose you understand the pleasures of watching
your children grow up or coming home toa family. No? Well, mark
my words;one day youwill. Children help usremember thedelights
of our own childling years and bring back a little of what we lose.

The reason why so many grumps fear getting old is this: we
begin to Forget. This is far worse than death, which really isn't so
much tobe feared. Afterall, with death eventually comes rebirth.
No, Forgetting is much more painful. It's a slow descent into
mundanity and Banality, a departure from Glamour and magic.
Ie's perhaps harder, I think, to watch someone you love sink into
Forgetfulness than to experience it yourself. Some grumps, par-
ticularly trolls, go ona last desperate quest; they like todie digging

The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner


their axes into the hide of some murderous chimera or mythical
beast in the Dreaming. You've heard how satyrs have one last big
party before they end it all. Some other kith have similar tradi-
tions: eshu walking out into the sands of a great desert, boggans
literally drowning themselves in food and drink one last time,
nockers locking themselves in their workshops for a final night
with their creationsand soon. Sometimes it's better to endacycle
of life on an upbeat note rather than simply watch it slip away.

When a commoner dies, it's not quite the horror as when
one of the Shining Host passes. Like I said earlier, we know that
we'll come back one day, even if we don't know where we end
up in between one life and another. So commoners often have
elaborate wakes instead of somber funerals, where no expense is
spared on the best refreshments and entertainment. I've been to
several and rest assured, a good time ishad by all. It'san occasion
for both remembering the past and, dare I say it, considering
one's own eventual demise. But let's hope that's a while off for
you and me both!

Courcs

From Phineas Todd, pooka florist:

The vast majority of commoners are conservative in their
outlooks, so it makes sense that Seelie outnumber Unseelie by a
bit. Trolls, boggans and pooka are often Seelie while redcaps are
almost always Unseelie. With satyrs, nockers, eshu and sluagh, it
just depends. The funny thing about encountering an Unseelie
troll, boggan or pooka is that they tend to be exceptionally nasty.
Why? Maybe it's because they're normally so noble, dedicated or
wonderfully cute like me, depending on the kith, that when the
Unseelie side takes over, these folks make up for lost time. What
youmay find interestingis that it's the most conservative ofall the
commoner kith who advocate equal splits between Courts. Some
flip-flop at the seasonal changes of Beltaine and Samhain, others
whenever they feel the time is right. You have been Unseelie at
least once in your life, haven't you?

The Seelie Code

What can I say that you haven't heard before? The Seelie
do like their honor, and all that goes with it, like justice, mercy,
truth, apple pie and hot dogs. Conservative and even many
moderate commoners roll in this stuff. I don't disagree that it's
important to fight against Banality and preserve Glamour, of
course. But when some Seelie pass, they want you to think
they're clad in angel wings. Yaaaaawn.
Death before dishonor.

Helloooo! We aren't samurai, so I don't know where they
get this whole suicidal thing. Whatever happened to a good old
apology? Trollsare seriousasaheartattack about this, too. Many
of the other Seelie kith don't take it quite so literally, though
some accept exile in place of death.

Love conquers all.

Love, schmove. Some wuss from House Fiona must've
invented thisoneand the Seelie caught the bug. There's nosuch
thingas true love, and that whole courtly love nonsense is a big

waste of time. I know love is part of the Dreaming and all that,
but even most Seelie don't have the courage needed to offer
pure, selfless love. If you see it, remember it's rare indeed

Beauty is life.

Sure, I like pretty things. Who doesn't? But there's more to
life than that. What about danger? When you stare death in the
face and come away laughing and whole, then you know what
living is all about. That's what the Seelie are missing about the
big picture

Never forget a debt.

True, it's not much fun to owe somebody, and the larger the
debr, the greater the nuisance. But rather than break your back
trying to pay the person off, why not see to it they owe you
something? Even the score. Or if you're really clever, make sure
the rube is Seelie and owes you a bigger debt than the one he
held over you. They take this debt stuff to heart

The Unseelie Code

Okay, boggan girl, you should've figured out by now that I
belong to the Unseelie Court. So it's up to me toset you straight
ona few things.

Change is good.

Stagnation is Banal, so why not shake up the status quo?
This is the main problem we commoners have to cope with if
we're ever going to get anywhere and accomplish something.
The conservatives haven'ta friggin' clue about how much their
stone-clad ways hold all the commoners back.

Glamour is free.

Look around you! Everywhere mortals are making Glam-
our, and we're just letting it slip away while we age and lose
ourselves. Besides, they're mortals, and taking Glamour from
them seems like a pretty natural thing to me. 1 know this
probably disgusts the Seelie commoners, but why should we let
it go to waste?

Honor is a lie.

Tell me, who's going to give a damn if you have tons of
honor once you're dead? Honor has no place in this modern
society; it's not honor, but the law of the jungle, survival, that
weneed to follow. Honor isa meaningless trapping, one that the
sidhe have convinced most Seelie commoners is vital to the fae
way of life. I say poppycock to that!

Passion before duty.

We commoners are much luckier than the sidhe; at least if
we die, we're pretty certain to come back. But there's a big
difference between pretty certain and 100% sure. So my advice
is to forget all the millions of responsibilities and commitments
you've got lined up for the next few months. Kick off yourshoes,
drop your knickers and have a good time. Love may be false, but
I didn't say anything about passion, did I?

Waita minute, why am I saying this ll this stuff? You didn't
give me any magic carrot tarts, did you? Listen, if someone reads
this, they'd think I was one of those Unseelie kooks or something!
And [ assure you, mademoiselle boggan, | am of the Seelie Court.

Chapzer Two: Nacural Orders

SEO
{<

ee

Cet

~

Commoner Fescivals and Holidays

From Damien Phole, eshue culturalist:

In addition to the usual changeling holidays such as Carni-
val, Pennons and Imbolc, commoners have a few festivals all
their own. You'd be right in thinking most nobles turn up their
noses at the very thought of these affairs. To be honest, I
wouldn't be surprised if the Beltaine Blade eventually made
trouble on one of these holidays.

Guy Fawkes Day (Novermder 5)

Radicals who view Guy Fawkes as a martyr to the rights of ll
commoners celebrate this day by blowing up things. What do they
blow up? Usually, whatever they can find. Most Seelie commoners
use firecrackers to proclaim their homageand generally refrain from
hurting anyone. The Unseelie commoners ignite kegs of gunpow-
der or even plastic explosives and tend to do a lot of damage to
nobles' property;of course they don'tactually destroy any freeholds,
tending to keep their explosions confined to gazebos, empty barns
and such. The original Guy Fawkes was partof a plot to assassinate
James I of Britain, along with the House of Lords and House of
Commons, by blowing up the Parliament building. Often as partof
the celebration ofthisday, acommonerwill dressup in 17th century
garb and pretend to be Guy Fawkes. This lucky devil usually gets t0
light the last and biggest fuse of the day.

Boxing Day (Decemder 26)

This is a revered holiday among conservative and moderate
commoners. By tradition, the local nobles box up small gifts and
present these to all the other kith. Presents range from small
trinkets, such as thimbles and beads, to weapons, jewelry or
chimera, depending on the relationship between the noble and
commoner. This isalso a day that nobles announce the granting of
new titles to commoners, or when titles announced at the previous
year's courts are bestowed. Some Unseelie nobles and commoners
actually exchange places with each other on this day, replicatinga
Shadow Court custom from Samhain, though you didn't hear that
from me. Many radical commoners view Boxing Day as an insult;
to them, it's yetanother reaffirmation of the power nobleshave. Of
course, most don't refuse any gifts given to them, either.

Homscrom (Fedruary 3)

This is a holiday unique to the Council of White Moun-
tains in the Galacian Confederation, though itattracts change-
lings from all around the world, of every kith and political
outlook. Celebrated on the heels of Imbole, Homstrom is a
recognition of the coming of Spring. In addition toa grand feast,
all the celebrants burn small figures made of straw, winter
flowers and evergreens. Most of these figures are meant to
represent green men or Flora, the goddess of spring. Among
radical Unseelie circles, commoners burn straw effigies of nobles
: rather than green men or flower dolls. In addition to the feast,
tip the changelings enjoy dancing, winter sports and making music
Ys around the Balefire. Some eshu choose to present new tales on
Homstrom, particularly those with themes of renewal and hope;
Talwaysmakea pointof going, Mortalsalsocelebrate Homstrom,
and changelings often join in those festivities as well.

58 The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner


(Day Day (CDay 1)

May Day marks a celebration dedicated to the laboring
commoners of the world; it is especially enjoyed by nockers and
boggans. In 1889, the Second International, a group of Labour
and socialist party members, held their first congress on May
Day. Mortals who worked fora living marked May Ist as special,
and many commoners began to follow suit. However, rather
than take time off to rest, nockers and boggans often use this day
to showease their best skills, Do you cook, or is that a stupid
question? The reason I ask is that boggans have baking compe-
titions, while nockers trot out their newest inventions. It's more
like a county fair than a political statement, and plenty of other
Kithain always show up to check out the grub and toys. A huge
parade and a feast where everyone can eat until they burst marks
the end of the day. I think you'd love it

Nizhniy Novgorod (Augusc)

Named foran old Russian fair from the 19th century as well as
the closest town, this festival is a celebration with an East meets
West theme. Essentially, i's a World's Fair for changelings, with
hundreds of booths, craft exhibits and clandestine meetings. Ifany
western Kithain havea hope of glimpsing oneoftheelusive Shinma
of China outside their eastern homelands, it's at this festival.
Nizhniy Novgorod lasts for about a week and is scheduled a year in
advance for some seven-day period during the first fortnight in
August, Usually, it's set just after Lughnasad, and partygoers often
show up still merry from that celebration. At Nizhniy Novgorod,
visitors will find an endless supply of merchants, exotic foods and
prime entertainment. The nearby town rests at the juncture of the
Oka and Volga rivers; while a strong industrial base, it's also rich in
libraries and the arts. Some changelings choose to make journeys
down the rivers after the festival concludes.

Farcy Lines

From Marina of Beacon Hills, satyr bard and scholar

Commoner politics are fairly straightforward and much less
murky than human ones. We have three key political view-
points, and practically all commoners adopt one of these. As
with many mortals and sidhe, we also tend to move in a circle
through these viewpoints during our lives. Very young com-
moners see fae society in clear shades of black and white; they
haven't lived long enough to understand the shades of gray and
generally prefer to rely on long-standing tradition. For example,
Mimieux, an eshu childling I once knew, may not understand
why the other eshu find her kind friend Sir Acheron of House
Eiluned a real bother; all she knows is that they get uncomfort-
able when he comes around, So the childling follows the lead of
her elders and gradually pulls away from the sidhe's possibly
genuine affections. As the childling becomes a wilder, she takes
more risks. Perhaps she thinks she can use Sir Acheron and thus
renews the acquaintance; maybe she even tries to lecturehimon
how he should be more sensitive to the needs of commoners. As
Mimieux becomes a grump, she probably will either give up
trying to change the knight and accept him as he is or withdraw
back into the company of her own kith and kind, The eshu has

| keep their freeholds as well as their freedom. Others

The Declarazion of Sovereigncy

Excerpt from an interview with Ligeia, a sluagh
who owns a spooky lodge known as the Mansion, in
Baltimore:

More tea, my dear? You are a polite one. Refreshing
Well, as I was saying, a gift can be a curse, can it not? Very
well, here is a gift to you.

In the early weeks of January, 1970, a number of
commoner leaders gathered in secret to discuss their situa-
tion. They realized the sidhe problem would nor goaway, you
see, and unless they acted soon, one side or the other would
be provoked into wide scale violence. One among them,
Rikard Grifgare, looked to the past and suggested that a
Manifesto, a Declaration which set forth the beliefs and
resolve of the commoners, would unite them all under one
cause, and that such a document, backed by the Dreaming,
could not be ignored. The others seized upon the idea,

Unfortunately, agreeing to the principle and agre
ing on the wording were two entirely different things.
Though based on the principles laid out by the American
Declaration of Independence, it was by necessity tailored
toa different political and magical reality. Some members
complained that the document wasn't detailed enough,
that it didn't guarantee the right of the commoners to

replied that the Declaration was only an announcement
of basic principles, not a framework for a peace treaty or
governmental instrument. Muhtadi the Scribe sighed and
picked up his pen again.

After much debate, the second draft was drawn up,
but few liked it more than the first version.

Some of the greatest Kithain alive were in that hall,
arguing, haranguing and cajoling. It would have been
magnificent to hear William Tenbar trying to convince
eackun Nikar of, well, of anything; or Rikard trying to
make Talibin be silent for one minute.

Just when Muhtadi was ready to begin the third draft,
word reached the assemblage that the sidhe wished to
make an accord. Rikard begged them to finish the work at
hand, but most seemed to think it was unnecessary —had
the sidhe not come to their senses? A few felt that the
Declaration would only antagonize the sidhe who had just
held out an olive branch

Ofcourse, we all know what happened. What nobody
seems to know is what happened to the drafted manuscripts,
which disappeared after the meeting. They simply vanished.

Antiroyalists would dearly love to get their hands on
the drafts, in hopes of using them as their authors intended.
Nobles likewise would love to have them, to see them
burned. If this were common knowledge, can you imagine
the desperate hunt that would take place? I suppose it's
fortunate that so very few know of their existence. Of
course, you know now, don't you? A gift and a curse.

Chaprer Two: Nacural Orders


lived asa conservative, cautious childhood, a risk-taking radical
youth and a moderate or conservative grump. Of course, that's
the broad angle. Some commoners stay with one view all their
lives, entering grumpdom as the stalwart conservative or fire-
brand rebel they've been since their Chrysalis.

Conservatives

Conservatives emphasize tradition, history and long-stand-
ing customs. They look to the distant past for guidance on
behavior and values; after all, if it was good enough for the
Kithain of long ago, it's good enough for them today, too.
Conservatives believe that while a just government is impor-
tant, its primary job is to help the people live a good life. If such
government is a monarchy with all of the power in the hands of
the king or queen, so be it. On the other hand, government is
only one tool for making sure life is good; the rest of the
responsibility lies with individuals. Therefore, say conserva-
tives, rights are a privilege to be earned by each and every
changeling through fulfilling their duties. Those who don't
perform their duties haven't earned their rights, such as life,
liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Conservatives also are
staunch supporters of having distinct social classes and have no
difficulty at all with the division between nobles and peasants.
Their theory is that hardworking commoners will receive re-
wards for fulfillment of their duties; these may or may not
include titles, wealth and status. If the rewards aren't forthcom-
ing, well, that just means more elbow grease is required. Not
surprisingly, a number of trollsand boggans are conservatives, as
are many grumps. After all, they worked hard, so why shouldn't
everyone else? Conservatives are currently the majority among
commoners, probably half of the entire population.

CDoderaces

I'm a moderate, and | admit it freely. Moderates are com-
moner Pollyannas; we try to see the good on all sides of the
political debate. Like conservatives, we believe duty and the hard
workof the individual are important; however, wealso realize that
the late 20th century is vastly different from the 12th century.
Most of us, myself included, believe that the fae version of
feudalism works very well, except that not only sidhe but deserv-
ingcommoners should also be allowed tositat the top of the pack
I've seen wise trolls and stupid sidhe yet guess who's the king and
who's the servant. Moderates want to enact reforms and changes
to the Kithain status quo rationally and precisely. We feel that
gradual changes which are pleasing to most people will last longer
and have a better chance of maintaining the peace. Right now, I'd
say moderates are the larger minority among the commoners,
about 35% of the total population.

Radicals

Radicals, much like the Unseelie Court, believe that change
isgood. They want toseek out the injustices of economics, politics
and society and sweep those inequities away. Some radicals
believe the way to accomplish this is through gradual reform,
using legislation and the Parliament of Dreams to improve the
lives of commoners. Others think that the changes should take

Sidhe Policical Impulses
and Commoner Policics

Why do the sidhe have Traditionalists, Reformers
and Modernists, while the commoners use words like
conservative, moderate and radical? Aren't they mirrors
of each other? Don't some commoners use the sidhe terms
to refer to themselves? Well, yes to all the above...with
some caveats.

It's certainly true that some of the older commoners
still like to refer to themselves in sidhe terms, as Tradi-
tionalists, Reformersor Modernists. Butamong the younger
and trendier commoners is a growing movement that
advocates commoners choosing their own words to de-
scribe their politics. Using sidhe terms is just another way
of coming under the thumb of the Shining Host. Many
groups throughout history have done this, seizing on a
word to describe themselves rather than using the terman
enemy or oppressor prefers. Maybe commoners don't feel
quite so negatively about the sidhe, but many still like
using their own frame of reference

Think of politics like a number line. Put sidhe Tradi-
tionalists on the far right and commoner radicals on the far
left. Starting just left of the Traditionalists and continuing
to move left, add commoner conservatives, sidhe Reform-
ers, commoner moderates and sidhe Modernists. Regard-
less of how modern their thinking may be, ninety-nine
percent of the time, sidhe are still going to be a little more
tothe right thanacommonerradical. Ofcourse the number
line isjusta model. Many commonersare going to fluctuate
depending on the issue and their mood at the time.

place swiftly; they assert that there'snot time enough to lobbyand
rally for the nobles to change their ancient ways. In fact, some
extremist radicals say that the sidhe will never change without
some sort of large-scale revolution. They point to the Galacian
Confederation, little realizing the bloodshed, violence and com-
promise necessary for those commoners to establish their govern-
ment. Still more radicals shy away from big-time politicsand work
on a grassroots level to improve social conditions for mortals and
fae. Radicals are presently the smaller minority among common-
ers, just 15% of the total population.

The Farliamenc of Dreams

From The Right Honourable Place: A History of the
Parliament of Dreams by Dewey St. John Flanders, satyr:
Though the Accordance Warstill raged in 1971, High King
David saw the need to build hope. He accomplished this
through construction of the Parliament of Dreams, a legislative
body that would allow representation from all freeholds with
over fifteen Kithain. Moreover, he encouraged smaller free-
holds to band together to meet this minimum number, thus
extending representation far and wide over Concordia. In this
fashion, he was eventually able to create what no Kithain

60 The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

monarch had ever accomplished before, a governing body that
was roughly half sidhe and half commoner. Some members of
both sides rejected the notion of such a Parliament; after all, it
went against the Traditionalists' most cherished notions of the
divine right of kings and noblesse oblige. How could the
common folk understand the responsibilities of leadership,
asked critics. But the High King insisted, and no gesture could
have won him more commoner support than this. For this
reason and others, David ap Ardry ap Gwydion will forever bear
the accolade of "commoners' king."

Presently, the Parliament acts more as a strong advisory
council, and the mood of the body is essentially coalitionist.
Seldom can any side gain a clear upper hand, as there are many
splits between sidhe and commoner, political impulses and
commoner political standpoints and of course, Courts. Laws
passed are not necessarily binding throughout Concordia, though
wise monarchs follow at least the spirit of the law. Some of the
most stalwart commoner supporters include the boggans, who
comprise about fourteen percent of the Parliament

Commoners whoare politically self-destructive, calling them-
moderates or radicals, lead the main domestic opposition to
the Parliament of Dreams. They deny the age-old traditions of
allowing a sidhe majority rule and claim that Kithain deserve
representation based on the numbers of their kith in Concordia
rather than sidhe dominion. What these dissenters fail to realize
is the long-standing political expertise the sidhe hold so dear.
They fail to see that those who are most skilled, rather by nature
or experience, should be the ones in charge. Should these politi-
cally inept commoners ever gain an upper hand, the Parliament
would surely be in jeopardy of extinction.

From the pamphlet Advocates: Pay Heed to the Farce of
Courts! by Vlad Roguodow, redeap:

What fools we fae be if we continue to accept the inequali-
ties of the Parliament of Dreams. Fellow Advocates, you can see
how warped the very setting of the political body remains, after
all these years!

sel}

A mere 5% of the Unseelie populace holds seats!
‘Tis the way the Unseelie prefer it, most Seelie claim. Well, let
me assure you, 'tis not so!

You who call yourselves Kithain, pay heed, particularly
those among you who love the word tradition: in the ancient
past, half of us were Seelie and half Unseelie. Are you ignoring
the old ways by refusing to allow the darker side of the year to
gainascendance?More importantly, are youdenying the Unseelie
fae their equal and rightful chance for having their day in
Parliament?

If so, you are silencing half of your own soul.

From the speech Concordia's Seeds of Destruction: Parlia-
ment of Dreams, Chamber of Horrors by Ragnild von Folkke,
nocker, the Galacian Confederation:

Ihave heard tales that the Kithain of Concordia have an
assembly called the Parliament of Dreams. In that place, the
Shining Host sits in almost half the seats, though they be only
apaltry five percent of the populace. Only fifty-eight percent of
the seats are reserved for commoners, like you and me, though
we represent over ninety-five percent of the Kithain popula-

tion. The reasons for this social injustice, so I hear, are many.
Chief among them is the belief that sidhe are fit rulers, while
commoners are not. Their blood is tainted by humans, the so-
called purists claim. Commoners lack the inborn skills needed
tobe good leaders, declare the monarchists. To all these reasons,
I say stuff and nonsense! The power to rule well is not the right
of blood, but the melange of wisdom, courage and vision. Such
a mix comes through the people choosing the finest among
them to lead; only they can decide who will best serve their
needs. To paraphrase Benjamin Disraeli, a leader must follow
the people because he is their leader. One does not need to be
tall, fair and violet-eyed to be worthy of such a task.

Secret Societies and CDocleys

The words of Gelfand Bruning, troll mercenary:

So you want to know about secret societies, and you come
tome ofall people? Well, I can't tell you as much as an eshu, but
Ihave been arounda lot of courts, battlesand frecholds. I've seen
quite a bit in my time, so here's what I think. While a few
commoners belong to groups that are mostly sidhe, such as the
Red Branch Knights, most common kith prefer their own
societies and motleys. Like sticks with like, I guess. Here's a few
of the commoner groups I've had the pleasure or misery of
dealing with over the years. Most of the folks are commoners
without title, though some might be knights or baronets.

The Cacacomd Clud

This "gentlemen's club" is comprised of ennobled common-
ers, many of whom held power before the Resurgence. They desire
toretake their former vaunted positions which were lost upon the
return of the sidhe; I say some deserved it and some didn't. Most
members of the Catacomb Club prefer sidhe political terms and
style themselvesas fae equal to the Shining Host, not the brightest
move on their part. Unlike the Ranters, though, their chief
weapons are the tongue and pen, and we're all the better for it.
Polite dissent is one thing; violence is quite another.

(For more information on the Catacomb Club, see Nobles:
The Shining Host.)

Childrens Crusade

This vile bunch of childling redcapsand assorted friends are
among the nastiest killers around. They target Seelie nobles in
particular and manage to get away with rampant atrocities
because of their youth and presumed innocence. I think they're
a bunch of mad dogs who should be caught and dispatched on
sight. What if other childlings get hold of these ideas?

(The Shadow Court gives more details on these young
troublemakers.)

Emma Liccle Helpers

These ladies, to use the term quite loosely, are a band of
redcap terrorists. The Little Helpers have some formidable
allies, including some wild Greek-sounding Prodigals called the
Black Fury Sisters of Hippolyta. In other words, they aren't your
average ladies' sewing circle and terrorist society. Until re-

Chapzer Two: Nacural Orders


COA KVL
NCSIOSD

cently, other fae were willing to turn a blind eye to the group's
occasional atrocities; many times they rescued children in need
and gave ahand to women who could usea friend. So that wasn't
so bad. As of late, though, their violence has escalated. Instead
of knockinga few drunken louts around a bit, they just as often
leave their victims gutted, or worse. Where once they scared the
crap out ofa smartass teenage boy, the Little Helpers now might
string him up. The Hellion, newest leader of this unwholesome
bunch, might be the cause of all this ultraviolence. Whatever
the reason, Emma's Little Helpers were one step away from
beingdeclared outlaws when the High King disappeared. Chances
are high that they'll continue on their unchecked rampage.

(See Chapter Five: Names, Faces and Places for more
information on the Hellion.)

The Iron Brigade

Names for their iron-tipped spears and iron-shod boots, this
gang of mostly redcaps and trolls, I'm ashamed to say, are the
honor guard and soldiers of Duke Toren na Gulan (see Chapter
Five: Names, Faces and Places). The Duke has whipped this
rowdy bunch into a closely-knit band of disciplined warriors.
Needless to say, the whole gang is Unseelie in the worst way,
Whenever they prowl the roads, their feet make a nasty song,
warning others to scatter. Of course being redcaps and some
Unseelie trolls, they aren't the brightest kids in the forest. Norare
they particularly adept at stealth. What they can do is fight
without rest; they seem never to tire or give up. I've heard they did
some terrible things during the Accordance War, such as murder-
ing sidhe prisoners. The best way to escape the Iron Brigade is
either to outrun them or somehow pull the wool over their eyes.
Every couple of years, the Duke has a recruitment fair to gather
replacements for the Iron Brigade. He takes the biggest, strongest
and meanest commoners he can find and especially enjoys
weeding out slack recruits and spies. Like their master, the Iron
Brigade are considered extremely dangerous outlaws, and citizens
of Concordia are warned to avoid from them at all cost.

The Low Road

The Low Road issimilar in some ways to the Minutemen, but
alas, they're a bit more roguish. They too ferret commoners to
safety, outlaw commoners, I must add. Most of these folks aren't
vile criminals; they're usually brawlers, robbers or Unseelie who've
stolen too much Glamour from the mortals, Their sentences are
usually things like three days in the root cellar, picking up trash
around the local noble's freehold or peeling a hundred pounds of
potatoes. That's no great feat for you, I'm sure, butthink how some
sweet young pooka would feel! Anyway, if they get wind of it, the
Low Road breezes in and helps the offender escape in a jailbreak.
Truth to tell, Idon'tthink they do it to be kind as much as tohave
a great time, The Low Road are usually armed with chimerical
rapiers, duelingpistols and maybe adab of nitroglycerin. No one's
ever gotten hurt, savea few scrapes and scratches. Let's hope they
manage to keep their good humor in the days to come. I'd hate to
see these folks turn mean and nasty.


Hugin and QDunin

Hugin and Munin, named for Odin'sravens "Thought"
and "Memory" is a highly secret antimonarchist group. The
impending civil war isshaping up tobe theirbread and butter;
itsetsa perfect stage forthem to topple the upstart sidhe. The
| group is small at present, comprised of about two dozen
| members. These radicals take a terrible oath of allegiance to
each other, vowing death before treachery. The group has
two leaders who inspired the name of the organization:
Hugin, a satyr female who apparently suffered some great
wrongat the hands of a sidhe, and Munin, a massive old troll
who in his heyday was possibly a liegeman to the Shining
Host. Their real identities are unknown, but this pair is
| shrewd and dastardly. Meetings take place once a month in
the dark of the moon; invitations are sent via chimerical
s
| information into the hands of the member. The feather is
bumed immediately thereafter. Should war begin, planned
tactics include training deep cover agents to spy on the
opposition, blackmail and even assassination. Hugin and
Munin asa whole aren't necessarily Unseelie or members of
shadow Court; the group is simply determined to slice
away the power of the sidhe monarchs at all costs.

ens who drop a feather containing all the pertinent

the

The CDinucemen

Miss Gloria, I'm about to tell you something that will frighten
you, and I'm sorry I have to do that. Mind you, what I'm talking
about only happens once in a blue moon, and just among the worst
Unseelie at that. All my life I've served and honored the sidhe, and
never, ever have | wanted for kindness, friendship and respect.

Butevery now and then, something ain't quite right about one
of the Shining Host. She might start hurting her commoner
retainers and turning them away from the Balefire. leven heard tell

of one sorceress who used a few commoners in some kind of

experiment. The atrocities got worse until she was a monster. The
problem is that a lot of commoners, particularly childlings or the
elderly, can't get away. Where would they go? How would they get
there? Well, this is when the Minutemen step in. Their job is to
check out rumors of sidhe, or ennobled commoners, I might add,
who've gone bad. Then, they help get the members of the freehold
ormotley tosafety. Sometimes the oddball sidhe or titled commoner
putsupa fight, so the Minutemen have to be well prepared. I've even
helped them outa time or two, andit wasn't a pretty thing to watch.

My stars, missy, you've gone white as a sheet. Here, have
some mead before I go on.

The Donkeys Pau

This mysterious group of assassins is rumored to include
many commoners as well as sidhe of House Scathach. Having
fought at those nobles' side, I could see it, though they value
honoralmostas muchas we trolls. No one really knows what the
Monkey's Paw agenda is, and of course, a membership roster is
not public. Most of the Monkey's Paw is believed to be Unseelie,
but I'm not so sure about that.

(Nobles: The Shining Host contains additional informa-
tion on the Monkey's Paw.)

The Order of Bianca

Though the Order of Bianca is technically illegal, most
people turn ablind eye to itsactivities. These rescuers are also said
to have good relations with the Order of Eiliethyia (see the
Changeling Players Guide), occasionally sharing information
and resources. While the Order of Bianca does have some noble
members, commoners comprise most of the group; at its heart, it
ue any Kithain from the
clutches of Banality. Many times they've staged raidson Dauntain
who've held changeling prisoners. Because of the nature of its
business, the Order needs Glamour in great amounts. Of course,
they neversteal it, such crimes beingagainst the goals of the Order
itself. Sometimes, though, they ate willing to fib a little to gain
entrance to a freehold; not all Kithain support their activities,
despite the Right of Rescue. Don't think of these dissenters
selfish; most are just trying to preserve the lives ofall fae. They see
the Order's activities as a terrible risk. Even the High King has
instructed his subjects not to approach Dauntain directly, though
of course he supports the Escheat. As much as the Order's white
liesdistressme, though, Ihave to acknowledge the good that these
people do. Give them your support if you should meet any, for
their path is fraught with danger. They can be recognized by the
chains they wear, forged from tiny silver links

The Rancers

This group of commoner anarchists has two main targets:
sidhe and titled commoners. Don't let their supposedly just aims
confuse you; they're a bad bunch. The Ranters have recently
concentrated their efforts more on the Shining Host, but
wouldn't limit their terrorism if given good opportunity. High
King David outlawed the group shortly after his coronation, but
the Ranters are still quite active. While other commoner
dissenters prefer the Parliament of Dreams to make their case,

isastreet-level motley ofgallantswho res

Chapzer Two: Nacural Orders

SS


the Ranters like random violence. If you suspect you're in the
company of these extremists, get away as fast as you can

(For more information on these unruly commoners, see
Nobles: The Shining Host.)

The Seckers of Lyonesse

This is a relatively new crowd to enter the political scene,
and I must say their goals are quite ambitious. These folks
believe with all their souls that a path, perhaps more than one,
exists in this world which leads back to Arcadia. They also think
that part of Arcadia is a blessed realm called Lyonesse, and it's
that place they're really after. So the Seekers do just what their
name implies: they travel the world, check out rumors and talk
tothe wise. They keepall thisknowledge compiled and updated;
supposedly a nocker runs some kind of database for them. The
dof the outfit is an eshu grump named Badral Din; rumor has
it thatsome werewolves even claim kinship with him. Anyway,
Badr has hundreds of contacts, and kith of every kind are
welcome among the Seekers. Even a few sidhe have joined up
because get this: Badr fancies himself some kind of prophet and
says that those who will eventually find the gate will be two, one
highborn and one lowborn. Without their friendship and coop-
eration, the way to our legendary home will never be found.
Members have also gone so far to say that the disappearance of

High King David is all part of Badr's prophecy. Many of us,
myselfincluded, think of David as Arthur reborn, with Caliburn
as Excalibur. Not so, say the Seekers; David is more like Uther
Pendragon, who found the mighty sword but left it ina stone for
hisson to bear. Well, if that's the case, who's the son and where's
thestone? What about Queen Faerilythand the Regent Morwen?
Or the heir, Princess Lenore? There's too many unanswered
questions, yet I can't deny that Badr al Din has much wisdom.
You'll know the Seekers of Lyonesse either one of two wa
their endless stream of questions or the enameled green brooch
each wears on his left breast.

The Silver Rose

Taking their name from a Munich student protest group of
the early 1940scalled the White Rose, members of the Silver Rose
were spies and troublemakers during the Five Years War. They
generally made a nuisance of themselves in the territory that
became the Bavarian League, although offshoots were active in
the Council ofthe White Mountains and the Elian Protectorate,
The Silver Rose, though notstout warriors, made a real difference
in the war effort. They spread propaganda, carried information
and rallied a lot ofsupport among commoners who didn't want to
get involved atfirst. Most of the group were childlingsand wilders;
rumor hasit that the von Folkke herself was among their number.


)

So You Wanc co Join a CDocley
From Nibbles the pooka:

For many commoners, their motley is their family.
Members of the motley trust one another and put their lives
in each others hands. The benefits of the motley are plenty,
includingprotection, ftiendship and inspiration. Thedown-
side is that Traditionalist nobles believe that motleys are
little more than bands of commoner outlaws. Sure, that may
be the case on occasion, but most motleys are just good pals
who stick together through thick and thin. Me and my
friends have never hurt anyone; our worst crime is the
gccasional silly string attack on April Fool's Day.

If you want to join a motley, I'd say you first have to
earn the group's friendship and trust. Don't push too hard.
Hang around them, give a hand when they need help and
just have a good time. Confide in them, but take time to
lend an ear, too. If the members think you're a decent fit,
they'll probably be the ones to speak first. You'll figure out
if things don't feel right soon enough, way before that time,
in which case you can move on til you find a group that's
right for you. It may take awhile, but believe me, having a
faithful band of buddies can be the best thing on earth.

Today, the Silver Rose still exists in various forms; some of the
members spy on Neustria while others take care of security forthe
whole Galacian Confederation. Many of these new ones are the
children ot fosterlings of the original members.

The Sneakers

If you have the funds, this group of infiltrators and spies can
do just about anything, They're all commoners, and in fact have
one rep from each kith. Each member hasaspecialty; for instance,
Tathy Gams the redcap is, not surprisingly, the one who knocks
people's lights out. Eshu Miscka Garel sort of serves as the front
operator; on occasion, or so I've heard, she's managed to get
certain information from her target through, um, her feminine
wiles. I think the real brains of the operation is a satyr called
Algernon. He doesn't venture out much, buthe'saquiet type,and
you'll always find more than meets the eye in those kind of people.
Other members include Cassandra Bates, a pooka; Daunic, a
sluagh eavesdropper; Leif Eyecatcher, a troll specializing in video
and audio; a nocker fixit called Candy; and last but not least, a
nimble-fingered boggan named Frankie James. If you need help,
call the Sneakers; they're usually willing to work pro bono or set
fees according to their employer's resources.

Vecerans of che Accordance War (VAC)

The VAW isacommonersocial club; the only requirement
for membership is having fought in the Accordance War. A
welcome is often extended to families of these gallant fighters,
too. VAW meetings generally tend to be friendly gatherings
with good drink, fine food and hundreds of war stories, many of
them told and retold. On occasion, though, particularly on the
anniversary of the Night of Iron Knives, the mood becomes

iS

rather more somber. Old trolls, decorated with medalsand scars,
openly shed tearsas they remember their fallen kin and compan-
ions. Eshu spin glorious tales of bravery and suffering, while
satyrs echo these words with songs of the dead. I've been a
member for many years, though I was just a childling in the war.
Guess the fact that I was a water bearer still counted. Anyway,
a finer bunch of people you'll not easily find. A member of the
VAW would do anything for one of his own.

Perspeccives

If you want to understand democracy, spend less time in the
library with Plato, and more time in the busses with people.

— Simeon Strunsky
Commoners come in many shapes and sizes, with a wide
array of political, social and moral outlooks. The following
points of view are representative of a bigslice of commoners, but
may vary greatly from person to person and place to place.

On Sidhe Nodilicy

Even commoners who despise the concept of nobility admit
the sidhe are hard to resist. No matter how hard a commoner
tries, he can't make a sidhe look bad. Worse, unless he's got a
heart of ice, he's helpless if a sidhe should make romantic
advances. Alll too often these affairs end with the commoner's
heart being broken; chances are the sidhe's social standing
won'tallow her to maintain the affair for long. Finally, centuries
of tradition and indeed the force of the Dreaming to some extent
has set sidhe above commoners. So what's a poor peasant to do?

Asexplained with politics, many commoners goalong with
the sidhe; if this is what the Dreaming has ordained, they say,
why should we go against it? Others dislike the Shining Host but
maintain a low profile; they deal with the sidhe only when
necessary and otherwise keep to themselves. The smallest
number openly oppose the sidhe, perhaps by joining a radical
motley bent on terrorism, for example. The bottom line is that
commoners are in a tough position with regards to the sidhe; for
them, it's the ultimate love-hate relationship.

Ofcourse, feelings towardssome sidhe are different than others:

House Dougal

Nockers in particular admire the goals of House Dougal and
often work alongside the apprentices. Other commoners, in
whom the House has little interest, pay no special heed to its
members. Pooka laugh about the dreary Dougal sidhe being
locked up in their workshops all the time. Of course, none of
them dare to play many jokes on these serious crafters, either.

When I was a childling, I had a playmate who was from House
Dougal. We did all kinds of things together, then poof, he had to go
work on some kind of big project. The next time I saw him, he was a
grump, | swear it!

— Ellie McCrumb, pooka

House Eiluned

Many commoners are suspicious of House Eiluned and well
they should be. One of the most closely guarded secrets of this
Houses that they are the instigators of the Night of Long Knives

Chapcer Two: Nacural Orders 65

a
mec

(see Noblesse Oblige: The Book of Houses for the gory
details). That said, eshu and sluagh often find a welcome at
Eiluned courts, which are fine places to pick up the latest gossip.

The lords and ladies of the House have been exceedingly kind to
me, even allowing me to be a scribe. Well, no, I don't write very
much, but it's quite an impressive tabard they gave me, isn't it?

— Gavrel Sturminster, sluagh

House Fiona

Most commoners have telatively close bonds with this
House, so well known for its good relationships with the common
ilk. Among House Fiona are a large number of oathbound satyrs,

trolls and eshu. On the other hand, many common fae have been
stung deeply in matters of the heart when dealing with House
Fiona. A few have even gone so far as to seek revenge.

I loved her with the passion of life itself, and I never denied any
desire she had. Then one day she refused to grant me an audience.
Had she found another lover, 1 would have rejoiced in her happiness,
but that she wouldn'  deign to speak with me....thatis base and cruel.

— Mikala Philopilodes, satyr

House Gwydion

Many trolls have eagerly given their service and deep
respect to House Gwydion, for quite honestly, no finer warriors
are to be found among the sidhe. Other commoner kith of

The fragile threads which wove peace for Concordia are
now slipping away, and more than likely, war will soon ravage the
land High King David once ruled in relative peace and prosperity.
The roots of the war are many. First of all, there is a crisis of
monarchy in the matter of succession; when David vanished, it
was unclear whom he intended to succeed him. Would it be
Monwen of House Gwydion, his sister and equal, who now serves
as Regent in Tara-Nar? What of the High Queen Faerilyth,
whom the departed king considered his co-ruler? Moreover, does
the previous acknowledgment of Princess Lenore of House
Dougal as hisheir mean nothing, even though the Princessisnow
past her most tender years?

Another problem is Calibur, which sprang to the hand of
the eshu commoner Sir Seif rather than to the possession of a
sidhe. Doesn't this mean that the commoners' time has come,
asksome antimonarchists. To the embarrassmentand dismay of
the eshu knight, a small faction of commoners have joined
together in an effort to proclaim him High King. Afterall, he has
the sword, doesn't he? Despite Seif's humility, honorable intent
and staunch insistence that he's merely the guardian of the
sword until High King David returns, malcontents still hope to
use him for their own gains. Most are commoners, but some
sidhe also think they can easily manipulate the eshu, not
reckoning with the wilder's strength of character.

Certain members of House Dougal, perhaps with good
intent or perhaps not, believe that the sword now belongs to
Princess Lenore and have sent some of their best agents in
pursuit of Seif, What they don't realize is that the sword will
currently accept no one but David as its rightful owner. The
young heir is currently living with Queen Mab of House Fiona
in the Kingdom of Apples. The Princess recently completed her
Togail an Ainm and has become a wilder; her exemplar project,
a requirement of her House, was weaving an exquisite pair of
cloaks for the newly married royal couple. High Lord Donovan,
impressed with both her handiwork and the wisdom she has
garnered from being a fledge of House Gwydion, strongly
supports the young woman's claim. So do many nockers, and
their prowess with making weapons is a valuable asset in
swaying opinion. Princess Lenore herself is bit frightened and
unsure, though in her heart she is beginning to believe that it
is her solemn duty to press a claim for the throne in order to

Blood, Toil and Tears: The Roocs of Civil War

prevent civil war. Queen Mab, much beloved by the common-
ers, is trying to let the Princess make up her own mind while
carefully surrounding her with good advisors of many different
kith...just in case.

Ac first, Regent Morwen was also inclined to crown Lenore
High Queen; the king's sister utterly rejects any claim Faerilyth
might have. She believes David's Eiluned wife was neck deep in
the conspiracy to getrrid of the High King, maybe with help from
King Meilge. Now, a faction called the Morwenists, which
include a number of Red Branch knights, are supporting the
Regent, encouraging Morwen totake the throne herself: Morwen
has redoubled efforts to find David, but like Lenore, she is
beginning to think that accepting the throne might be a way to
stave off civil war. Morwen would do almost anything to prevent
Faerilyth from gaining power. Some of the Red Branch knights
are commoners and will follow Morwen in David's absence.

Faerilyth is the really unfortunate player in this conundrum.
Despite being Meilge's heir and a member of House Eiluned, she
is truly a good and gentle lady who loved David with all her heart.
She'salsomuch tougher than herscheming former mentor Meilge
suspects. Unfortunately, the High Queen has few allies among
eithernoblesor commoners. One of the former is SirLleu, David's
cousin. House Eiluned would probably support the High Queen
t00, knowing that if she is victorious or if David returns, they
would become quite favored for their kindness to her. Any
commonersin House Eiluned would likely adopt this outlook also.

A final faction to consider is the antimonarchists, both
sidhe and commoner. Some sidhe think that balkanized feudal
realms without a high king would give them much more power.
The disgruntled commoners, on the other hand, think that
David's original plea for peace is now all washed up; they tried
it his way, and now it's a big snafu. Those who remember
Beltaine and their de facto surrender in the Accordance War
want to do things their way now.

All in all, some kind of violence is looming on the horizon
for the land of Concordia...and rest assured, the commoners will
be in the thick of it.

(For more details on the disappearance of David, see The
Kingdom of Willows; formore ideas on how torunaConcordian
civil war in your chronicle, see Chapter Four: Storytelling in
this book.)


N

upstanding character, strong values and good behavior find
welcome, if not complete equality. Underlying even the most
honorable Gwydion's noble visage, however, is a strong holier-
than-thou streak that some commoners find demeaning.

The greatest day of my life was swearing fealty to Duke Karel
Coeur de Lyon. He is everything a fae should be: strong, honorable
and just. When you teach childlings, advise them to be respectful of
their elders and emulate them in every wary. Thus does the way of the
Kithain and the Dreaming continue to be strong

—Tostig Haraldsson, troll

House Liam

Commoners have an interesting relationship with House
Liam. Many of the conservatives turn up their noses, offended at
the House's poor reputation. On the other hand, most common-
ers realize that should every other bolthole be closed to them, a
sidhe of House Liam would grant them hospitality, at least for the
requisite three days. Of course, few commoners would admit
seeking such shelter, but it's nice to know it's there for the asking.

It was a misunderstanding, of course, and certainly not my
fault, but I had nowhere else to go. Even Lady Lynette of House Fiona
tumed me away with just a bag of moldy bread. Very tasty, I might
add. Then Sir Casbah took me in. It wasn't much of a freehold; the

Balefire was no bigger than your candle, But it was a warm place to
rest and make my plans

— Crookmanning, sluagh

House Scathach

The lore about House Scathach is not well known among
commoners, despite their many similarities. Commoners do
know, however, that these sidhe stayed behind and mingled
with humans. Many commoners would like to know more about
the Scathach, who seem as hard to pin down as the wind

T was fortunate enough to meet one of the Gray Walkers just
outside Istanbul. We shared coffee and swapped tales. Then she
slipped away; I had turned to ask for the bill and she vanished into thin
air. Maybe they don't want to tell us too much about their past

— Kalana Tomas, eshu

On che Shadow Court

Commoners don't really like to think too long on the
Shadow Court. The advancement of Winter frightens them and
to think some folks are deliberately hastening its arrival is pretty
terrifying. Then again, some of the common kith have theirown
shame to hide. While most couldn't name a Thallain on sight,
they know how far some among their ranks have fallen.


lagging Tongues

From Gloria's Journal:

J say most people who spoke with me fele strongly about
their political convictions; they'd give a fire and brimstone
speech if they thought anyone was listening, On the other
hand, many of these same fae would eventually shut up and
share a drink with someone who'd been arguing with them
moments before. So, [ think its fair to say a lor of commoners
don't let politics stand in the way of friendship.

Ofcourse, there's alwaysa few diehards out there who'll
never back down.

Leychard, nocker farrier:

Whatkind of question isthat, dol like thenobles...Hell,
girl, ifit weren't for the kindness of the Shining Host I'd be
out of business! And I tell you, I'd sure like to kick the tail
of any namby-pamby sluagh or eshu who wants to say
anything against the sidhe. They've done a wonderful job of
ning Concordia since their return. They didn't have to
let us into the Parliament of Dreams, but they did. What's
more, they always pay their debts and keep coming back for
more. Give me sidhe rule over a bunch of incompetent
commoners any day

Clara Sterling, boggan tour guide:

Well, we can talk freely, can't we, both being boggan
and all? I tell you the truth, I've lost my faith in sidhe tule.
I was young when King David founded the Parliament of
Dreams. | thought finally the sidhe had come to their senses,
having seen that this century was quite different from the
one they'd left. Was I wrong! Listen, the Parliament is like
ity cake, pretty on the outside, hollow and empty
‘on the in a waste of time and resources, and what's
more, itgives commonersafalse sense of hope. Doaway with
the whole mess, I say

abig v

ide. I

Mahaley, sluagh theater critic:

Some say the sidhe have done us enormous good since
their return while others imply the opposite. I say there's good
andevil mixed inall people, Seelie, Unseelie, commonersand
nobles. You can't judge a whole group by one individual.
Certainly the sidhe have much to offer all Kithain; call this
conservative if you will, but generally speaking, they are the
best trained and experienced leaders. That said, they'd be
utter fools to ignore the wisdom of commoners and their
connection with mortals. Mark my words, young one: the
sidhe stop up their ears to commoners' cries for justice and
equality at their own peril

Wadsworth, redeap demolition expert:

We don'tneed no law! Rulesand order are for the pansy
sidhe and their commoner toadies. When all the radicals
talk about freedom, they don't got no sense of what the word
means. [e's only withoutany kind of government dragging us
down that wecan reach any kind of life that's worth adamn.
Andbefore you get your drawers in a wad, let me just say that
there's nothing wrong with a litele mob rule to make
everyone tougher. It's like culling chicks back on the farm;
you gotta drown a few to let the best survive.

The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Don' listen to gossips who say there is no Shadow Court. There
are some Unseelie who pretend to be members, but they probably
aren't. Someone who truly belongs won't tell you so.

— Heelnipper, redcap

The Unseelie Houses

Few commoners could spot amember of House Ailil, House
Balor or House Leanhaun on sight. The strange heraldry might
alert them to a degree, but unless there's a long discussion, no
chance meeting will warn the commoners away. They'd be
likely to think those of House Ailil or Balor members of House
Eiluned or Dougal respectively. Rumors of fae who burn out
humans with Glamour are prevalent, and a commoner might
take hasty action if he found a sidhe up to this sort of crime.

There are dark houses, to be sure, but most of them have better
sense than to mess with us. They keep to themselves, and I say it's
better that way. If they should come calling at your door, be polite and
courteous, but cautious, like you would with a rattlesnake

— Dorrie Donaldson, boggan
On Ticled Commoners

Ennobled commonersare in a tough spot. Some sidhe loathe
and despise them while others are condescending. Untitled
commoners are envious, distrusting and pandering in turn. A few
among both groups genuinely respect the titled commone
General Lytos, for example, is an extremely admired ennobled
commoner. Few ifany commoners, though, have refused a title or
position given to them by a sidhe noble. The trouble with a
commoner receiving a title is that land seldom accompanies the
new rank. Ennobled commoners often live off the good graces of
the local sidhe or strike out to build their own freehold, usually
with a motley's support. House Fiona usually grants the most
commoner titles, though House Gwydion has its fair share.

I know there's some bad blood between titled commoners and
others of their kith and station. But shoot, if the person deserves the
recognition, they should have it. I think most titled commoners have
done a lot of good for their friends. And f the sidhe laugh or get huffy,
what of i? Life's too short not to enjoy a few rewards.

— Tibbete Clemmons, pooka

On Gallain

Some commoners have made a study of the Gallain, and
during the Accordance War received valuable assistance from
these distant cousins, By sheer power of numbers, more com-
moners than sidhe have encountered Gallain, and they're
usually more cautious in their approach than the Shining Host.
After all, a shy Gallain might take more kindly to the curiosity
of an innocuous boggan than a sidhe knight in the splendid
raiment of House Gwydion.

The Nunnehi

Many commoners aren't unsympathetic to the Nunnehi
plight, yet they're still not quite sure what to do. They agree the
Nunnehi received an unfair shake, but the Kithain aren't ready to
pack up and leave, either. In the past, several commoners have
made friendships with the Nunnehi, and many hope to do so again.
While several Nunnehi foughe with the sidhe in the Accordance


SS

War, more than a few helped out the commoners. Yet, relations
overall are far from warmand cordial. Some of the Nunnehinations
are even allied with the Native American werewolves, which
makes the situation potentially explosive; no commoner really
wants to get involved in a tussle between the European Prodigals,
the Nunnehi and the Native American allies.

I was camping alone out in the Kingdom of the Buming Sun
when a sound of music and drums awoke me. It was a bunch of
children! Isawno adults andassumed they were lost or had run away
Then I saw their faces, and so beautiful they were, I suspected these
litle ones were not human. They wore leather garments, decorated
with beads, silverand turquoise. [joined in the dance fora shore while,
and it was a joy I will treasure always.

—Sekelaga, eshte photographer

The Inanimae

‘Commoners who fought in the Accordance War often tell
stories about strangeallies who fought with fire, waterand stone;
today, most Kithain scholars believe these were Inanimae, who
woke from their long slumber early in the Resurgence. For the
time being, these unusual creatures are keeping to themselves.
Many commoners would like to renew their acquaintances with
these beings, fondly recalling a time when they shared stories
around the Balefire before the Sundering.

Ie was the Batele of Concord Forest, a minor skirmish in the big
scheme of the Accordance War, and we were striving with all over
might against Lady Valentina Wilderwood and her knights. Juse when
we thought they had surrounded us, a terrible wind stimed the trees,
and from everywhere came crashing branches to knock the sidhe from
their horses. Well, things were easy after that; we bound those nobles
and traded them a few weeks later for some of our own companions.
Teas during the time we tended the prisoners, and I'lladd that they
were well cared for, that I heard one telling how he'd chopped down
a.vee just before the battle and bumed it for firewood. Shoot, we'd all
heard that something funny was goingon in the forest and it was better
to leave it alone. Too bad the sidhe hadn't heard the same rumors!

— Gijs Gustaf, troll farmer

On Prodigats

The Prodigals seem pretty far removed from Kithain blood,
although some of these beings are considered friends or even
Kinain. Most commonersare cautiousabout approaching Prodi-
gals, having been spooked by rumors of abuse. While occasion-
ally enjoyable company, the mages and vampires are sometimes
dangerous Banality magnets.

Children of Li

Rumors continue to persist among the commoners that the
Children of Lilith have some sort of link to the redcaps, and
riéédless to say, members of chaekith enjoy such gossip. Ifcommons
ers mix with the Children of Lilith, it's usually with those who are
somewhat outcast, such as the Malkavians, Nosferatu or Gangrel,
orwith neonates, Most of the other clans and elders re too tied up
in their own dirty politics to mess with a bunch of faeries.

Well, how on earth was I supposed to know «hat one of the
Children of Lilith looks like? She was friendly enough, sat in my lap,
cuddled, cooed and did all that crap. So we go out to my car, and she

SFrs

starts nibbling my neck. Hey, that was pretty fun. Then, gee this, she
starts biting me! It was like nothing I'd ever felt before, really
wonderful stuff. Things might've been okay, but the stupid girl gets
kinda crazy, like she'd taken an overdose. It was damn scary, and she
tore out my dashboard before I could stop her. Do you have any idea
how I'm supposed to explain that to my insurance agent?

— Hercules, satyr fashion model

Werewolves

Many of the werewolves' ancient pacts are with the sidhe
rather than the common kith; the Silver Fangs and House
Gwydion, and the Fianna and House Fiona are particularly
close. However, it's the rare werewolf, particularly a Fianna, that
isn't at least a wee bit interested in the commoners, too.
Nockers, trollsand the Get of Fenris have been oathmates in the
past, swapping weapons, mead and stories. The sluagh, piskies
and eshu are rumored to have contacts among the Silent
Striders while the Children of Gaia also treasure the common
fae. Riddle contests, wild treasure hunts and epic double crosses
are all part of the legends commoners and werewolves share.

That thing was the biggest, meanest and ugliest troll I'd ever seen
in my life. So much for getting shelter for the night; I was worried
about my life, I tell you! | figured my time on this mortal coil was at
anend. Then, I'll be damned if this golden-coated wolf didn't show up
out of literally nowhere. She was a pretty thing, and before I knew it,
I was straddling her shoulders, hanging onto her neck for dear life
Later, after we'd made our way clear, she took me to a.camp, gave
me supper and etme wear this necklace home. No, I don'tknow what
that sigil means; looks like a humped-back lizard, doesn't it?

— Molly Atwater, pooka

Wizards

Hermetic mages of House Merinita were once friendly with
commonersas well as nobles; unfortunately, that particular group of
willworkers seems to have faded from the waking world. Common-
ers are exceptionally superstitious, and as such, a little reluctant to
get too cozy with wizards. They've heard rumors of corrupt or evil
‘mages using commoner body parts in experiments and other such
tall tales; these are enough to make the commoners quite cautious.

I couldn't help myself; it was a garden full of delightful things like
aconite, foxgloveandbelladonna. Only the moon was out, and thatamere
sliver. As I curled up under the verdigris bench, I saw them, all six, naked
as jaybirds. They danced and called out into the night. Positively thrilling!
Ofcourse, I'm just as grateful that those witches didn't catch me watching
their ritual; I don't think I would have liked being roasted in a bonfire.

— Peigi O'Moor, sluagh

Ghosts

The restless dead are perplexing to many commoners. Most
of them accept that they will pass on into other bodies soon after
their current lifetime, and it is troubling to find that some
human spirits linger behind. Because of their mingled fear and
awe, commoners generally have little to do with wraiths.

My predecessor said the wine cellars are haunted, though I had
no cause to believe him until just last year. I'd taken down the
Steinberg Rheingau 1976, and boy, you'd have thought I danced
around the Balefire naked or something. Bottles flew off the walls,
corks popped and then there's this guy dressed up ina butler suit sitting

Chapcer Two: Nacural Orders 69


there. He didn't speak but motioned for me to put the bottle back. I
did exactly what he said; heyy, my mentor didn't raise no dummy!

— Benjamin Armitage, boggan vintner

On the Aucumn People

Commonersprobablycome into contact with Autumn People
more often than do the sidhe, for after all, the common kith spend
more time among humans. Sad though itis, for every creative, kind
and loving mortal, there's at least one dark reflection who's
destructive, spiteful and cruel. One reason motleysareso important
to commoners is that they can keep an eye on each other, for
Autumn People and Dauntain are an ever-present threat.

Yes, [have occasionally experienced ataste of Forgetfulness, andthe
experience was biter and horrifying. But the risks worthit. Ifwe are not
prepared to make a sacrifice for our people, then what good are we, eh?
And if we can save just one fae from the clutches of Banality, then that's
a victory. Are we outlaws, you ask? No, I don't think so. We're just
willingto sort of bend the rules. Someone's got to do this, don'eyou agree?

— Neomi Grenheim, nocker, Order of Bianca

On Sons of Adam and Daughcers of Eve

Commoner opinions on mortals, in large part, relate to the
beliefs of the Seelie and Unseelie Courts. Those commoners
who are Seelie usually protect mortals and often form close
bonds with certain people. Members of the Unseelie Court are
much more pragmatic in their dealings with humans; this isn't
to say they can't have affection for mortals, just that they aren't,
afraid to use them to suit their own darker purposes. The thing
about humans that causes fae problems is their insatiable curi-
osity. A persistent mortal can make the Right of Ignorance
difficult to follow. Some commoners are a bit more willing to
bend this rule than the sidhe.

Mortals are necessary for the Kithain to live; their dreams once
spun our forms, and now their imaginations keep us alive. It's true
that Banality is a problem, but hey, it could be worse. Think back on
the industrial age. Or how about the late ‘70s, when all anyone cared
about was themselves? Sure, you'll find a lot of brain-dead mortals
out there; on the other hand, look into the eyes of a child every now
and then. You'll see hope and wonder there, I promise.

—Tom Holcomb, piskey

CDanners, Beliefs and CDorals

There is no possible line of conduct which has at some time and
place been condemned, and which has not at some other time and
place been enjoined as a duty.

— William Lackey

Commoner mannersand morals, asageneral rule, aremuch
simpler than the elaborate machinations and rituals of the
nobles. Unlike the Shining Host, the main commoner tenet is
the tried and true golden rule; commoners usually treat others
the way they'd like to be treated. Boggans and trolls particularly
take this to heart while redcaps are usually excused their poor
manners. Another important belief sharing. Especially within
a motley or mews, commoners share food, clothing and Glam-
our; it's part of what binds them together. Now, usually the

borrower is careful to repay the loan, since that's part of the
Escheat, but the timeframe is often flexible. It's much like the
situation between trusted roommates or pub buddies, who take
turns buying dinner or the next round of drinks.

The sidhe in large part view life as a game, whereas
commoners view it as a learning experience. Most commoners
believe strongly that they will return into new bodies after their
death, carrying over lessons from their previous lives. This belief
also affects the commoners' perceptions of time; often, they're
not in the position of living every moment to the fullest nor
trying to live in the past, present and future all at once. Only
with rare exception do commoners possess the Chronos Art,
and those who do keep it secret. Commoners live in the present;
this isn't to say they can't plan for their best friend's birthday
party next week, but they're much more concerned with what's
going on right now than at some nebulous point in the future,

Each commoner has her own set of morals, evolving from
her kith, seeming, Court and upbringing. So it's theoretically
possible for a redcap to be somewhat cultured and polite and a
troll to be a callous, lying brute, though these are probably
exceptions to the general rule. The thing about commoners is
that most tend to get set in their ways pretty early in life; this is
why proper upbringing and fosterage is so important.

Eciquecce

From Gloria's Journal: Details on Miss Wendy's Rules of
Etiquette

There you are, young lady, and right on time, too! | am still
curious why your guardian did not bring you here when you were
still a childling, but no matter. We will begin today.

Commoners' manners mark them as proper lords or ladies,
even if they have no title. Or should I say especially if they have
no title. Nobles have a somewhat different set of manners they
must follow which are both more indulgentand more restrictive
at the same time.

Rule number one is to be a polite hostess, and that should
come as no difficulty for you, I imagine. Tend to the needs of
your guests, first and foremost. Let their conversation be the
center of the activity. Do not worry overmuch about doing the
dishes while your guests are still in your abode; you can always
take care of tidying up later or get a childling to help you; it's
good practice: Male sure-everything-in. your larder is of the
freshest and finest quality possible.

Rule number two is to maintain a tidy appearance at all
times. This, of course, comes easier to some commoners than
others. You seem in need of a fresh frock, though I admit those
lettuce-leaf shoes are rather charming. See to it that you get a
new one when you leave here; it looks to me as if you've been
making so many biscuits, you haven't made time to change your
clothes in a while.

Rule number three is to show respect for those gentles with
noble titles. Of course most of these will be sidhe, and it is none
too hard to display proper regard to the Shining Host. As far as
ennobled commoners, well, use your best judgment. Yes, some
are truly deserving, so you should perhaps give them 95% of the

70 The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner


deference you would toa sidhe. Others may not be, though they
are technically still your superiors. Be polite, always, but it is
permissible to be cool and distracted in their presence. Afterall,
they're not quite as good as the Shining Host, are they?

Wait, why are you leaving? We haven't even finished a
third of the rules! Come back here, you little cretin! How are you
going to ever get ahead in life without the proper trappings?

— Miss Wendy, satyr columnist

Ducy and Honor

Duty and honor are the meat and drink of commoners.
Through heavy seliatice on eachother during the Interresnu,
unbreakable bonds of trustand mutual respecthave entwined all
the commoner kith together; most understand and freely accept
that the word of one commoner to another is nigh inviolate.
Regardless of political perspective and outlooks on the sidhe, all
commoners feel some kind of tie with others of their station.
This goes far to explain why commoners are willing to put up
sith each others more annoyinig'character flaws: Duty to each
other far outweighs personal feelings. Likewise, most common-
ers keep their promises, even the Unseelie. Of course the
commoners are careful to whom they pledge their honor, but
once the words given, itwillbe kept. Some ofthe common kith,
such as the sluagh, have found this to be their undoing.

Itiswise ofyoutocome tome foradviceondutyandhonor, young
one. I have had many years to watch the Kithain, noble and commoner
alike. And when you ask me what the words duty and honor mean, I
aminclined to say that although we can set high standards for everyone,
itis the heart, soul and mind of the individual that determines how duty
and honor become real. Even the basest redcap can have a moment of
charity while the bravest troll tans away her face in fear

— General Lyros, troll

Rank and Order

Commoners usually think of themselves as one among
equals. Each Kithain is a member of a society where they are
cherished for their bad traits as well as their good, and few crimes

SS

are so wretched that someone who is truly repentant can't be
forgiven. If acommoner swears an oath of good behavior, most
others are willing to forgive and forget, at least for the first
offense. Note that this doesn't always sit so well with the sidhe,
which in tum leads to some hostile feelings against the Shining
Host. Having lived so long in the world, all but the most cynical
of commoners, even Unseelie, are used to taking things at face
value and accepting a stranger's word as truth, until he proves it
otherwise. Lawlessness also has some different connotations
among commoners; most are fairly laid back about the idea of
their motley companions borrowing things because they know
these will be returned. The Escheat forbids killing each other, so
why worry about it? This attitude is what makes folks like Toren
na Gulon and the Iron Brigade all the more wretched; not only
are they sadistic killers, they also go against every ideal of law
and order the commoners cherish.

If there's a division of rank and order among commoners, it's in
terms of seeming rather than any stupid title. Young ones respect their
elders, who likewise take it upon themselves to rear up the childlings
right. Sure, if some muckety muck has atitle, that's fine; we'll be polite.
But from my experience, I'd say most commoners will honor a wise
graybeard more than some upstart wilder countess, even a sidhe

—Densloe Maddingsley, boggan record keeper

From Gloria's Journal:
[think Marina was somewhat mistaken when she said
the commoners' society and politics weren't as complex as
that of the sidhe. I think they may be more complex! Not
only do you have the ideologies of two Courts to consider,

as do the Shining Host, but also all the kith, the seemings
and the politics. | am more at ease now that I have met a
wider variety of people and seen with my own eyes that
sidhe are not always hated. After writing the history, the
guilt was almost too much to bear.

Chaprer Tio: Nacural Orders

ag

dy
Ser



Character Creation

Every man has three characters — that which he exhibits, that
which he has, and that which he thinks he has.
— Alphonse Karr

Concept

A good concept isall important to creating a good charac-
ter. A fully-realized character develops from the smallest idea.
For example, you may have an idea for a troll who doesn't like
tofight; instead, she enjoys playing the flute, although she isn't
yet an expert. Likewise, maybe you conceptualize a boggan who
runs some kind of store and has two brothers who don't know
changelings exist. Once you get that seed, help it grow. For
example, how does the boggan character keep his dual life
hidden from his siblings? Did the troll never learn to fight, or is
there some magical prohibition or oath involved? Eventually,
the character will begin to grow. Work on the personality, then
ack yourself the questions listed in'the Spark of Life section of
Changeling; these really help put meat on the bones. Don't
worry ifthe character doesn't spring full-grown from your head
like Athena. An understanding Storyteller will allow a couple
of gaming‘sessions either solo or with. the: troupe for: your

character's "shake down" cruise. Or, if you can't manage a solo
prelude adventure, try imagining your character in a couple of
interesting situations, and see what he does. What if the troll is
challenged to a duel? What if the changeling's brothers snoop
through his room and discover a Treasure? How your character
reacts in times of crisis will give some insight into his personal-
ity. The personality may develop as you go, or the personality
you've planned may suddenly experience some changes. The
sedate and sober boggan may turn into a hellraiser of his own
accord. Let him; it's a good sign when the character lets you
know how he wants to be played.

Another important thing to know about your character is
her political convictions. This is especially important in games
where commoners and nobles interact. Is she conservative, or
would she rather fae feudalism revert to a more egalitarian
society? On the subject of the sidhe, does she hate or respect
them, orisshe indifferent? Doesshe want political power herself
—a title, perhaps, or a seat in the Parliament of Dreams? Or
would she prefer anarchy, the chance to do what she wants
without anyone telling her what to do? Once you decide these
things, ask yourself why she feels that way. Keep the Storyteller

Chapter Three: Flesh and Bone


informed about your ideas; chances re he can use your concepts
to develop scenarios for the character and troupe.

Once you have the basic concept and some of the flesh on
the bones, you can go to work on filling out the character sheet.
When starting out a character, it's often frustrating to have to
compromise with the character. Your perfect concept character
is fast and smart, and she knows five languages and is a master
fencer, but you don't have nearly the points to represent your
idea. Or, you wanta character who's just as good as your favorite
move hero. Don't worry about it. Your hero started out as
something less-than-heroic, and so will your character. Half the
fun is setting a goal for the character and working hard for that
aim through the course of the chronicle.

Novice players might have an easier time playing a young,
inexperienced character. That way, they are learning at the
same time as their characters. You only play for the first time
once, so enjoy the wonder. For those who have been through a
number of characters and know the ropes pretty well, the
Storyteller may start the characters off at a higher level. For
example, the Storyteller may allow you ten or more freebie
points, or tell you to takesome extra dots ina particularskill; this
reflects your character's worldly experiences and expertise.

© Scep One: Characcer Concepe
Choose contepe, Court, Laacy.sceming, It
motley (if applicable), House affiliation (if appli:
cable), political outlook (if applicable)

© Scep Two: Selecc Accriduces

Prioritize the three categories: Physical, Social,
Mental (7/5/3)

Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity,
Stamina

Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation,
Appearance

Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits

®@ Scep Three: Select Adilicies
Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills,
Knowledges (13/9/5)
Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges

@ Scep Four: Selece Advancages
Choose Backgrounds (5), Arts (3), Realms (5)

© Scep Five: Finishing Touches
Record Beginning Glamour, Willpower and Ba-
nality as determined by your seeming
Record kith birthrights and frailties
Spend Freebie Points (15)

RS,
SaaS

People learn from living; that's what experience
points represent. A thirty-year-old will naturally have
more experience under her belt than a kid in elementary
school. If both players and Storyteller like the idea, you
can simulate this fact by giving characters a sliding scale
for freebie points. For example, considergiving childlings
10 points, wilders 15 and grumps 20 (or 15, 20 and 25
points, or whatever you like).

New Backgrounds
Kinain

Commoners aren'e completély on their‘owns they have
mortal connections, known as Kinain, to lend them a hand.
Since Kinain have a touch of fae blood in them, they can
sometimes use Glamour and Arts. Because Kinain aren't as
susceptible to Banality, they can be helpful when dealing with
bureaucrats, hospital officials and lawyers. A well-placed Kinain
can make your freehold disappear from the tax records or get an
institutionalized Kithain released. Because Kinain have no fae
tnleny they, make useful spies: ‘They can also bandle cold dion
without suffering any ill effects. Of course, these people aren't
slaves; they'll want help from their "special" friends, too. They
may demand a bit of Glamour now and then, or ask to be taught
‘Arts. If you Ravage or otherwise abuse them, they may exact
revenge. If you want someone who has to do what you say, use
the Retainer background. For more information about Kinain,
see The Enchanted.
One Kinain
Three Kinain
Five Kinain
Seven Kinain
ee Nine Kinain

New QDerizs and Flaws

Supernacural
Faerie Godpaenc (3 poine CDeric)

Through ancient oaths, your faerie soul is bound to a
particular family and has been for hundreds of years. Even when
they left the Old Country, they carried along their beliefs in the
Good People. Maybe you are the proverbial fairy godmother, or
maybe you're the tinker that cleans and mends while everyone
sleeps. In any case, their belief strengthens you and preserves
you; you may make a Willpower roll (difficulty equal to the
character's permanent Banality) to avoid gaining a point of
temporary Banality (this may be done once per story). If you
have a Dreamer in the family, you may also reduce the difficulty
by one to reach an epiphany with that Dreamer.


There are down sides. Youare expected to help, protect and
guide the family (perhaps you are a literal godparent), and their
expectations may exceed your abilities. Also, you have to renew
the ties; if Grandma dies and the children grow up without her
stories, you may find yourself forgotten.

The family has at least one method of summoning you,
whether it's saying your name three times or putting a saucer of
milk on the back porch (You feel the summons and must make
a Willpower roll, difficulty 6, to refuse).

While it isn't unheard of for sidhe to have this merit, itis
quite rare for two reasons. Besides the fact that sidhe had less
contact with or interest in mortals, even if they could wade
through 600 years of genealogy to find their particular family, the
family almost certainly wouldn't know their fae companion. It is
interesting to note that a few sidhe have questioned whether this
practice violates the Escheat's Right of Ignorance, whereas no
commoner has ever spoken out against this honorable practice.

Unless the circumstances are quite unusual (Storyteller's
option), characters should possess the Kinain Background to
have this merit.

Changeling Ties
Setl-Ouc (2 poine Flaw)

Other Kithain see you as a sell-out, a suck-up, a traitor to
your kith or just a sidhe-loving SOB. It may not be true — you

may be fulfilling an oath or geas, or you may be adeep cover mole
Characters with this Flaw are at a +2 difficulty on social rolls
when dealing with other commoners (the Storyteller may in-
crease the difficulty when dealing with commoners who are
especially anti-noble). Other sell-outs may treat you better, but
more than likely they won't, since you're probably competing
with them

Hoscage (I-5 poine Flaw)

Whether out of paranoia or just ruthlessness, a noble
holds you as a hostage to ensure someone's good behavior.
You may be held in a dungeon or tower, or be allowed the run
ofa freehold. It's possible that you have no travel restrictions;
the noble may have laid a geas or other curse on you, one that
takes effect ifhe's attacked. Note that being hostage doesn't
necessarily imply mistreatment; a dead hostage is worthless.
In fact, you may be treated quite well, and may even pick up
some choice gossip or important secrets. But the threat is
abwapagrieh you, andlusing ‘astinformaiion could be bad for
your health:

Point value varies; for one point, you'll get thrown in the
clink if a certain troll ever shows his face at court, while five
points means that ifanyone ever attacks His Nibs, someone will
march up to your cell in the west tower and do something
terminally nasty to you.

Chapzer Three: Flesh and Bone 15


YO Neu Arc

(Decamorphosis

In ancient times, faeries' forms were as mutable as dreams
themselves. An echo of this power has been passed down as the
Art of Metamorphosis. With it, princes have been tured into
toads, children into swans and young kings into damn-near-
anything, While not exclusively a commoner Art, it neverthe-
less was used extensively in the days after the Shattering, when
skillful hiding amongst mortals meant the difference between
life and death.

This Art turns a living creature into another living crea-
ture; therefore, a fairy godmother could turn mice into horses,
but to change a pumpkin into a carriage or a man into a chair
would require Primal.

The base duration fora Metamorphosis cantrip is one turn;
successes beyond those required for the effect may be used to
enhance the duration (see chart below). For example, with
five successes the character using Impersonate
(Metamorphosis * #) may look like a troll for
one hour, ora perfect likeness of aspecific
troll for one turn.

One minute

1 success

2 successes — One hour

3 successes — Twelve hours

4 successes — One day

5 successes — Three days

Spending a temporary point
of Glamour will add one level to
the cantrip's duration; ie., one
minute becomes one hour.

Attribute: Stamina

®@ Hidden Form

This cantrip allows the changeling to
camouflage herself or another living being with
the play of light, shadow and color on her body. This
is especially effective in woods or other places with a broken
landscape of darkness and light. Note that this cantrip only
affects vision; going unseen doesn't necessarily equate with
going unheard.

System: Difficulties to spot the changeling are increased by
3. The number of successes indicates the cantrip's duration. This
cantrip differs from the Chicanery ##: Veiled Eyes cantrip in
that since it is physical rather than mental camouflage, cameras
are also affected.

Type: Wyrd

>

@@ lmpersonace

With thiscantrip, the Changeling can alterherappearance
to look like another person or kith; it doesn't bestow any of the
powers or birthrights of that person (eg., impersonating a
master nocker gives you neither his skill at chimera forging nor
hishighly-developed Arts). The target will sound (more or less)
like the intended target, but some skill in acting may be required
to pass more than a cursory inspection.

System: The change may be simply an altering of the fae
mien (i.e. chimerical), or it may affect the mortal seeming as
well (wyrd). Successes determine fineness of detail. The Art
paints with broad strokes, as it were, before concentrating on
details, so in order to appear like a specific person of the
recipient's own kith, five successes are still required.

1 success — Vaguely like another kith (You're sort of
bluish).

2 successes — Could pass for the kith if they aren't paying
attention (You look like a short, overweight troll)

3 successes — Most of the details are accurate
(You're a troll).

4 successes — Looks similar to a spe-
cific person (You're Lyros' older Unseelie
cousin).

5 successes — Nearly a perfect
image of a specific person (General
Lyros, sir!)

Remember that the size must
be similar to the caster's unless
Metamorphosis * *

Type: Wyrd or Chimerical

@@eO Go Ask Alice

This is one reason the fae are also
knownas"The Little People." Since itis
much easier to hide from prying mortal

also used.

Some freeholds were built with entrances too small for
normal-sized mortals to squeeze through, making the hold an
inviolate sanctuary for those who possessed this cantrip.

System: The number of successes determinessize. This can
be cast multiple times to alter size or duration even further, so
that 10 successes could make the recipient breadbox-sized for
three days. As with Impersonate, Go Ask Alice can alter the size
of the mortal seeming as well as the fae mien. Be warned that a
30-foot giant will almost certainly suffer Banality's effects should

any mortals see him.

1 su 3/4 or | 1/2 times normal

2 successes — 1/2 of 2 times normal si
3 successes — 1/4 or 2 1/2 times normal size
4 successes — 1/8 or 3 times normal size

5 successes — 1/16 or 3 1/2 times normal size.
Type: Wyrd or Chimerical


arr = We

@@e@e CDerlins Lessons

Fairy tales are full of princesses turning into birds, princes
changing to toads, witches becoming cats and peasants turning
into newts (don't worry, they'll get better). This cantrip is how
the fae performed such feats.

System: Successes determine duration. For an additional
point of Glamour, natural advantages and powers can be be-
stowed — for instance, a changeling turned into a bat could fly
and echolocate. Metamorphosis 3: Go Ask Alice is required to
drastically alter mass.

Type: Wyrd

SSSSe CDuychic TransFormacion

One of the most powerful yet dangerous cantrips modern
changelings can know, Mythic Transformation can change the
fae into a full-blown creature of legend such as a dragon,
manticore or firebird.

The changeling in essence becomes a creature of the
Dreaming, with all the strengths and weaknesses of that beast.
The changeling who becomes a dragon, for example, may be
able to fly and breathe fire, but may also be subject of extreme

avarice and carry a fatal flaw in hisarmor. Likewise, a changeling
ina unicomn's form may be able to heal with his horn, but would
have an aversion to "impure" people. Powers and frailties are
subject to Storyteller's discretion.

The dangers of using this are many. Because the changeling
is an actual mythic creature, Banality slowly eats away at their
very substance. The changeling loses Glamourat the rate of one
per hour. Once his Glamour pool reaches zero, he loses Health
Levels at the same rate.

Further, if a skeptical mortal sees the changeling, the
changeling may be cast into a random point of the Dreaming in
the same way chimera may be (See Changeling: The Dreaming
page 224)

System: This is a very powerful but costly cantrip. For the
transformation to be complete (all the powers and frailties of the
mythic beast), the changeling must sacrifice a permanent point
of Glamour in addition to the usual Glamour costs; otherwise,
the character merely takes the form of the beast. Metamorphosis
#¢¢ is required to drastically alter size.

Type: Wyrd


Treasures
Havens Compass (Level 1 Treasure)

This treasure usually comesin the form ofan antique compass.
Rather than pointing northward, it homes in on the closest active
frechold or glade, Useful for explorers and wanderers in need of
"any port in astorm," the compass doesn't distinguish between the
hold of a Seelie motley and that of an Unseelie commoner-hating
lord. Since some holders keep their homes hidden, they may not
look too kindly on the owner of this treasure.

Bakers Scones (Level | Treasure)

Bakers' stones can come in any shape, color and size,
though most are round and made from brown clay. When any
kind of organic material is placed on the stone (yes, any kind of
matter), it magically transforms into plain but edible cakes. In
the Dreaming or near other places rich in Glamour, the cakes
become richer and fancier, with icing, currant and fruit top-

pings. Most stones produce three to five cakes a day, depending
on the size of the stone; each cake will sustain one changeling
for the entire day. Boggans especially love bakers' stones, but
they're also popular with eshu, piskies and other traveling fae

Whacchamagoocchic (Level 2 Treasure)

This nifty little device is a nocker's dreamtoy. The
whatchamagootchit is an all-purpose chimera-making tool. It
gives the user +2 successes when crafting chimerical items;
nockers receive a +3 bonus. Each whatchamagootchit is quite
unique; some look like Swiss army knives, while others appear
to be eyeglass repair kits.

Bane Dagger (Level 3 Treasure)

This nasty weapon was rare until the Accordance War; itis
designed for assassination, and as such has been officially pro-


scribed. Naturally, enterprising Unseelie nockers have taken
advantage of this to raise their prices.

The dagger has a small compartment in the hilt. When a
part of the intended victim is placed in the compartment (a
strand of hair, an eyelash, ora drop of blood), the blade becomes
attuned to that person, and can never be reattuned. Attacks
against that target are made at a -3 difficulty to hit, and do an
automatic extra die of damage. Attacks against anyone else are
made as a normal weapon. Once the target has been killed, the
blade begins to corrode, disappearing in less than an hour.
Though daggers are the most common of this sort of weapon,
other types are possible (a bane arrow would be particularly
nasty). Because potent magic is required to make these weapons,
bane daggers cannot be made of cold iron.

The Dreamscone (Legendary Treasure)

There are many dreamstones, but none of the little Glam-
our batteries can compare with the Dreamstone of Madoc. The
origin of the stone is not known. It was first discovered on an
Appalachian ridge top by fae colonists in the 12th century. It
appeared asa fist-sized moonstone, although given its nature, its
appearance may have altered after eight centuries. The Glam-
our it focuses may "leak" out, causing the one closest to ittohave
vivid and often strange dreams which the person has no trouble
remembering upon waking.

Its greatest power is the ability to shape dreamstuff. With it
a skilled Dreamcrafter can create dream creatures of immense
power, fold the Dreaming in on itself to create a pocket realm,
or build a trod or a gate where there was none before. The rumor
— untested, of course — is that the stone could be used to find
and open the gateway to Arcadia!

The Dreamstone was used to open a trod between Europe
and America, precipitating a war between the Nunnehi and the
Welsh fae. The stone disappeared shortly after the trod formed,
much to the dismay of the sidhe it was stolen from, and to this
day no fae knows what became of it. The thief was a boggan
wilder named Elgin, who saw that the Nunnehi wouldn't stand

for the sidhe possessing the stone; a brutal war was inevitable if
the Welsh fae kept it. He respected the Nunnehi and did not
wish the first owners of this land ill

Elgin hid the stone away, not daring to use it. Though it
meant permanent exile, he was content, for he had followed his
heart and his honor was intact. And so he was forgotten, until
the Shattering. Then the sidhe renewed their search for the
stone and for any treasures or valuable souvenirs to bring back
to Arcadia. A few elders of the Nunnehi, who still carried their
anger against the nobles discovered the lonely boggan. They
learned of his honorable sacrifice and decided to aid him. Using
their magic combined with Elgin's, they hid the boggan's valley
from all prying eyes. The magic also sheltered him from Banal-
ity; this full fae has become what modern changelings call a Lost
One. And so Elgin of the Dreamstone, forgotten by all, waits in
his valley for the future to discover him.



A story requires a drink

— Traditional Irish saying

Are youa Storyteller? Ifo, this chapter was meant for you;
it contains tips on developing themes, moods and successful
plots. The focus is also on using interesting villains, building
exciting settings and polishing off your chronicle with a memo-
rable finale. This chapter also offers a number of story seeds to
get your creative juices sizzling

Using Theme and QDood

Theme and mood are essential flavorings for any good
chronicle. A theme broadly describes what major goals your
story is going to cover; long running chronicles may have more
than one theme. Examples of themes include a quest for unity
or bringing renewal from strife. Mood, on the other hand, is the
general impression you want to leave behind when the story is
doneand the playersare packing up theirdice. It's the emotional
tone of the game that lingers, like the finish of choice wine on
the palate. Ofcourse, most Storytellers find that these aspects of
the game overlap and compliment each other. A certain mood
set by the Storyteller enhances the theme and vice versa

hac is che Scorys Theme?

Ifa friend asked you what your Changeling chronicle was
about, could you answerher question? Maybe you'd start explaining
how the latest adventure, the ransom of an eshu singer, let the
charactersperformadaringrescue. Yourfriendmightshakeherhead
and say, "Yes, but what's the chronicle about? Are you just running

a bunch of unconnected adventures?" What your friend is desper-
ately trying to discover is the theme of your chronicle, the big
picture, in other words. Talented Storytellers often know the theme
(orthemes—chronicles can certainly have more than one) as they
begin thinking about possible adventures and how all the stories fit
together. This isn't to say that all sessions must relate to the theme;
sometimesa break from routine is great fun. But your chronicle can
take on a whole new level of intensity if you weave in threads that
pull the characters and story back to one overall theme

Following are several classic themes appropriate for a com-
moner chronicle. Some may be more appropriate for one troupe
than another, so pick and choose as needed.

A World Gone Cdad

This theme relates well to the story of High King David
begun in Kingdom of Willows and continued in subsequent
Changeling supplements. All around the commoners, chaos is
growing. Their familiar freehold and comfortable way of life as
they've enjoyed it is changing; now, there's talk of civil war
between the forces of High Queen Faerilyth and Morwen, the
King's sister. Worse, without the High King to enforce peace,
commoners and nobles who still seethe from wrongs in the
Accordance War long for revenge. This is the world where the
commoner characters find themselves, and maybe they have
cause to get involved. Will they support one faction or another,
or will they divorce themselves from the conflict? What happens
when they're inevitably forced to pick a side or defend a friend?

Chaprer Four: Haavese of Dreams


SSSI

What issues do they want to explore in this unsettling world —
vengeance, peacemaking or loyalty? This theme combines poli-
tics, intrigue and war to make a rich tapestry for your chronicle.

Redempzion

In thiscase, the theme is one that connects the changelings
in the chronicle tightly to each other. Atsome point in the past,
in this lifetime or another, the motley of commoners committed
a shameful and horrible deed. Perhaps their reasons were just,
but the end result was dishonorable or even vicious. The player
characters are now bound by magic or conscience to redeem
themselves. What did they do? Why did they do it? Who else
knows about the past? How much do the characters remember?
Will the characters have someone who will help them redeem
themselves, or is there a foe equally interested in preventing this
redemption? Adventures revolving around discovery of infor-
mation and making atonement would be logical for this theme.

Shadows over Home

A chronicle with this theme is well suited for players new
to Changeling and the Storyteller system. All adventures relate
to the commoners fighting against a great darkness that threat-
ens the existence of their homes and the lives of their loved
ones. This could be as simple as the gang of Unseelie redeaps

who plague the county or more complex, with a twisted House
Dougal mechanic with his band of fanatically loyal nockers who
usurp the local baron's throne. While this is a basic theme, a
Storyteller can nonetheless run a variety of sessions, including
espionage, combat and court intrigue.

Forcune and Desciny

Ina chronicle with this sweeping theme, fate has chosen
the commoner characters to make an enormous impact on their
world, Their actions will change the face of the World of
Darkness itself and may well involve other denizens such as
sorcerers and Prodigals. Perhaps this chronicle occurs in the last
days before an endless winter, and the characters' deeds will
determine whether thestorm continues forever or blossoms into
a new spring; the Shadow Court may be key enemies. With
experienced players and an imaginative Storyteller, this theme
can provide many story ideas and rich roleplaying experiences.

haz is che Scorys CDood?

When you're creating mood, think about emotions. What
do you want the player characters to feel? Do you want them to
think everything's going to work outin theend? Ordo youprefer
them tobe fearful and apprehensive? Is the tone of the chronicle
whimsical ordeadly serious? In termsof pacing, iseverythingdo-

Inthissourcebookas well as The Kingdom of Willows are
a number of story seeds and hints about the possibility of civil
war in Concordia. Inspired Storytellers may enjoy running a
long chronicle centered around this devastating event, pro-
vided they think their players would enjoy such a plot.

Look back at Chapter Two: Natural Orders; this gives
you some ideas about the origins of the civil war. Maybe its
roots are in the crisis of monarchy, or perhaps the basis for
unrest is the work of a secret society. In fact, maybe you'll
decide there's not one cause but many; these in turn affect
different player characters and their interests.

You'll also need to think about whether you want to run
a grandiose or small scale chronicle, and if you prefer a home
front ot battle front story. Perhaps you'll want a combination
of both, maybe with each member of the troupe having two or
more characters. A grandiose chronicle would have the char-
acters regularly interacting with the major movers and shakers
in the setting, such as the various claimants to the throne or
those who seek King David. This crowd includes Sir Seif, Sir
Lleu, Regent Morwen, Princess Lenore and High Queen
Faerilyth. You might even want to set such a game within
Tara-Nar or the court of Queen Mab. A small scale chronicle
examines how the war impacts the individual characters and
members of their freehold. As Storyteller, you may want to
| explore the hostility between local noblesand commoners, the
plight of titled commoners, how beloved sidhe friends cope
with bad situations and the dangers of bloodthirsty and vicious
commoners (or sidhe, for that matter).

A Rumor of ar

‘A war front story focuses on combat; theses encounters
can include small skirmishes, large scale battle or recon
missions. Characters may be caught behind enemy lines from
time to time. But to keep your chronicle from turning into
one bighack andslash, don't forget aboutstories dealing with
spionage, summit meetings and wet jobs (assassinations).
Struggles for resources or missions to capture the enemy's
latest weapon can also be interesting.

Ahhome front story centers on life back at the freehold.
Here characters cope with the difficulties of waging a war
with few weapons and an oft unseen enemy. Maybe the
characters at the freehold have dwindling supplies and yet
have to make the home front serve as a hospital, a neutral
ground for meetings and a supply and message depot for the
war front, Moreover, these folks back home have to contend
with mundanity; how do you explain to someone's boss that
she's off fightinga battle for the unity of Concordia? Charac-
ters on the home front can also serve as spin doctors, secret
agents or defenders against outlaws.

There are thousands of great sources found among war
and adventure movies and television shows. A few include:
The Spy Who Came in from the Cold (espionage), The Eagle
Has Landed and Where Eagles Dare (covert missions), The
Manchurian Candidate (spy thriller), China Beach (many faces
of war), A Midnight Clear (antiwar), The White Rose (resis-
tance on the homefront), Braveheart (great big scale battles),
Glory (adifferent perspective), All Quiet on the Wester Front
(antiwar) and the plethora of Vietnam movies.

2 The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner


or-die, fast-paced and edge-of-your-seat tense? Or are things
more laid back and easy going? Clearly setting the mood helps
involved in the drama of the chronicle.

player:

The following examples of mood, like certain themes, will
be better suited for some Storytellers and players than others, so
use your best judgment on what works and what doesn't.

Despair

angelings are generally a good-humored lot. Even the
grumpiest nocker or most devious redeap probably isn't without
a sense of fun, even if it's a bit sick and twisted. So a chronicle
with a mood of despair should
chai
place. Maybe the characters have suffered past tragedies, or
perhaps the future looks bleak in their freehold. In any case, the
changelings don't have high expe
light. Perhaps this mood links with a theme of renewal, where
the characters' quest is eventually to reinvigorate the local
Kithain. But for the nonce, play up the hopeless outlook with
somber music, heavy sighs and dim lighting

a huge impact on the

‘or whatever reason, your setting is a sad, dismal

ions for sweetness and

Noscalgia

Ah, the good old days! When this mood strikes, everyone
wants to talk about the glories of the past, often with little eye
to the future. Revels always center around old war stories or
ballads everyone's heard a million times. The scary thing about
keeps people from trying new
his may be a good mood to evoke

too much nostalgia is that

things, leading to stagnation.
if the player characters are eager new Kithain who want to bring
fresh perspectives o the local changelings; they'll enjoy walking
the fine line between blending in with their elders and bringing
the court out of the 13th century.

Boundless Opzimism

Everything's wonderful, perfect, couldn't be better. The
changeling characters live in an idyllic society where peace
iful and

flows between nobles and commoners, Glamour is p
the worst news of the day is that the local pooka broke a
fingernail in her latest prank. Using this mood ina chronicle can
ef from doom and gloom; remember, not every game has

bea reli
to be dark and foreboding. To help lighten the mood and
cultivate a bright, cheerful atmosphere, play some bouncy
music. If you do eventually decide to darken the chronicle, the
contrast will be all the more startling

Rampanc Paranoia
Inestablishing this mood, you want the
rightly or wrongly, that everyone is out to get them. They can't
trust anyone; even their faithful chimerical pub cat might be a
spy for the enemy, whoever he may be. Spies lurk around every
corner, and perhaps every word the characters speak will drag
them into a maelstrom of conspiracies. This mood is great for
dropping red herrings and meandering clues in the players' laps.
Of course, they'll eventually have to make some progress in
discovering the truth, orelse they'll lose interest. But the second

aracters to think,

guessing can be lots of fun for everyone.

Chapcer Four: Harvesce of Dreams

Scory Clemencs

‘What you learned in junior high language arts may actually
have some value if you're a Storyteller planning a chronicle
This section reviews the basic elements needed to set up a plot,
characters, setting, conflicts and resolutions for a commoner
Changeling chronicle.

Plocs

Aplotissimplyaseriesof causesand effects. It's the sum total
of events in your story and how you predict the characters will
shape or provoke those events. When thinking about plots for
commoners, ask yourself some basic questions. What's the general
sequence of the story? What actions will likely precipitate a
climax? Are there certain settings and Storyteller characters
you'll need to detail? What is the source of conflict in the story?

Many Storytellers jot down their ideas in a rough list of
events. If the end goal is to have Frome the boggan meet Janna,
his long lost nocker cousin, consider how the character arrives
at that point. First ofall, Frome needs some clues that his cousin
is nearby; perhaps he meets an interesting Storyteller character
at ascedy bar. Or maybe someone comes looking for him, saying
that Janna is in terrible danger. Is the informant well meaning
or someone out to get poor Frome? The Storyteller needs to
think about the mystery informant as well as what kind of
trouble Janna isin. Andso the process goes on, from idea to idea,
until the skeleton for a story is in place.

Once you've got a basic idea for a game outlined, expand it
intoa series of scenes, just as if you were writing a play. Try to put
yourself in the players' shoes; what possible reactions will they
have? How will these alter the plot? Any experienced Storyteller
will quickly tell you that the only certain thing in laying outa plot
is that the players will change it! Often, though, this can turn out
to be more fun than what you'd originally planned, if you're
willing to go wherever the wind blows. It's one thing to gently
steer the players towards certain events in the plot; it's quite
another to shove them along your strict path of encounters and
settings. Letting the players and their characters make some
choices and become interwoven in the story is a must.

Likewise, you need to develop elements of suspense and
drama in your story. Don't put all yourcardson the table at once}
let the characters discover what's really going on over several
sessions, not the first time you play. Feel free to drop some red
herrings and even have some of the most helpful Storyteller
characters turn out to be rats in disguise, if you think it will add
to the sense of excitement.

The wise Storyteller invests some time in writing out her
ideas and preparing notes and characters. A basic plot outline,
like the one for Frome, is often enough for experienced Story-
tellers; others prefer more detailed summaries ready at hand.
Flowcharts are also useful, as are maps and floorplans, easily
purchased at the local shopping center. If you anticipate a big
fight, make a quick reference sheet for the adversaries that
includes Willpower, Health Levels and certain statistics and
powers, such as Initiative (Wits + Alertness).

In short, do whatever it takes to be prepared for just about
any direction the players take. This won't stop them from
radically altering your carefully laid plot, but it does help you
improvise and roll with the punches. Remember, the bottom
line is for everyone, Storyteller included, to have a great time.

Seccings

An easy mistake for Storytellers to make is dwelling too
much on the setting. Most players will shiver with delight when
you tell them about the satyr's luxurious massage parlor, with
thick Persian rugs soft on their feet, the sweet music of a lute
echoing off marble tiles and the scent of rose musk on the
masseuse's slender wrists. But if you start droning on and on
about the carefully laid four by ix foot marble blocks set exactly
eight inches from each of the inner walls...Well, you get the
picture, The players will be bored stiff while you describe to the
point of trivia.

On the other hand, you don't want to leave out important
setting details. If you don't make the sure the players know about
the dragon sitting in plain view by the roadside, they're going to
get pissed when he jumps them. Try to find a happy medium
between endless droning and skimpy details; in other words, be
sure you describe the setting concisely, but creatively and well.

Of course, a setting is much more than one scene; it also
includes the places characters live and hang out. Ask your
players what their characters' houses are like. Maybe some of the
motley room together, or have quarters at the local freehold.
What's the local town like — a booming metropolis or a small
farming community? Who's the noble in charge, and what kind
of freehold does he maintain? Where do the characters enjoy
eating and drinking? Are there good resources, like a library? Or
do the characters have to travel long way todo research? Player
inputs vital in developing the local scene, and many times they
might surprise you with interesting details that can grow into
great stories.

The bottom line is this: The setting is actually only as good
as the characters and plot within it. A good setting will enhance
your story, not overshadow it. Make sure you can achieve a
balance between interesting places to visit and a creative,
exciting tale.

Using che Dreaming

The Dreaming is a place where you can let your imagina-
tion run wild. Want herds of unicorns chasing after the sweet
aaive'pooka in your ehtonicle? Whacabout matching witewith
asphinx ona lonely road? In the Dreaming, characters' wildest
fantasies — and worst nightmares — come to life.

Pethaps the most intriguing thing about the Dreaming is
that the Kithain change dramatically when they enter this
world full of ancient power and Glamour, particularly in the Far
Dreaming and Deep Dreaming. First of all, everyone looks
different — redeaps are more horrible, satyrs more erotic and
eshu more majestic. But looks aren't everything; personalities
change, t00. While almost unimaginable, pooka play more
tricks than ever, while nockers build incredible devices at a

84 The Foots Luck: The Way of che Commoner

breakneck pace. If the commoners have strong political lean-
ings, the Dreaming is where their secret or even uncor
beliefs will manifest as
ing conflicts within the motley as well as with any sidhe who
might happen to be along. Suggest to the players that they
to the hilt

cious

ality. This could lead to some interest-

roleplay their characters — good points and bad
After all, the changelings will remember little of what passed
when they return to the mortal realms

For more details in fae in the Dreaming, see Dreams and
Nightmares; it's chock full of interesting critters and informa-

tion on specific kith in the Dreaming.

Characters

Never forget that the characters should be central to your
chronicle. If you have flat, two-dimensional Storyteller charac-
ters, your players will be bored. If the players' characters are
cardboard cutouts with no flavor and nothing that inspires you,
you'll have trouble coming up with plots for them. Everybody in
the game needs to invest some time in creating meaningful,
interesting characters,

To get some inspiration for involving the characters, think
about the concept of theme once more. Remember that theme
is what the story is about; now, apply that concept to characters,
too. Most good characters are rooted in some theme; each one
has a story to tell. It's your job to discover those themes among

characters and bring them into the chronicle. For
example, let's say Joan's eshu Kalana had a dearly loved mentor
who was slain while robbing a sidhe's freehold; the eshu knows
this has to be a setup. Kalana's theme is probably vengeance
because she wants to find out why her mentor died and bring the
perpetrator to justice. You ¢: voted to
Kalana's quest for vengean bits and pieces
of the character's story into many sessions. Maybe Kalana and
her motley find rumors ofa conspiracy against the mentor in one
session and even some hard evidence, such as a coded message,
alana

the play

't make every session d

e, but youcan we

in another. By the time the chronicle is nearing a close,
will be ready to serve her vengeance in a thrilling climax

Of course, the more difficult part for the Storyteller is
making sure the characters' stories are told dramatically. Joan
would have been bored silly if K
and brought her mentor's murderer to justice in the first session.
time,and
Storyteller

na discovered the conspiracy

Spread threads related to the character's story out ov

you'll increase the drama and suspense tenfold. TI
should also remember that this same use of character drama and
story must take place for every player character. Sometimes
Storyteller characters also become intrinsic to the troupe, and
players will be disappointed if their characters' friends and
enemies in the chronicle don't get creative development. One
way to help the troupe flesh out their characters is to have
players write letters or stories from their characters' points of

Chapter Four: Harvese of Dreams


view. Another tool is the solo or pair game. This lets most of the
attention focus on one or two player characters' interests with-
out worrying about boring others. This is also.a great way to give
Storyteller characters a chance to show off their personalities.
Players and Storytellers have a dual obligation to each
other. First of all, players should contribute ideas and wish lists
for their characters; telling the Storyteller how much they want
to visit the forbidden forest or throw out the inept baron is one
way they contribute to the game. Most Storytellers appreciate
feedback and suggestions from players on what they want to do
next. The Storyteller also hasan obligation to help players make
their characters interesting, or in the worst case scenario, to
gently explain to players that certain characters may not work
If you're the Storyteller, running a chronicle set around finding
three ancient tools of the nockers, a character who's a loner or
likes to just sit around the Balefire all the time is not going tofit.
Ie's no fun for anyone if the Storyteller can't make sure that all
the characters have a reason to be involved in the chronicle

Chimera

Chimera can provide comic relief as well as a means to pull
the characters' fat out of the fire. When using chimera in the
story, think about what kinds of creations would interact best
with the characters. Chances are, no boggan would have (or
want) a tall, elegant faerie steed; a fat pony or burro might make
a lot more sense. Also consider what the characters would find
useful. Are they traveling a great deal? Then some sort of
chimerical transport could save them a lot of grief. Do the
charactershave tosend and receive lots of messages from all over
Concordia? A mechanical homing pigeon would be a time:
saver. Also think about the characters' personalities. A proud
troll warrior isn't going to have chimera that are cute and
cuddly, and neither is the sluagh childling. But that sort of
chimera might be ideal for the young boggan or eshu. Finally,

Bluedooks and Beyond

One of the best ways to let characters tell their stories
is having them interact with others. But sometimes in a
busy game, that's not always possible. In the 1980s, gaming
guru Aaron Allston introduced bluebooking, and character
development hasn't been the same since. The term
bluebookingcomes rom his playersusingblue college exam
books to let their characters write future plans, love letters
or whatever. These were shared with the other player
characters and the gamemaster; everyone would write
replies, andasort of roleplayingpen pal tradition was begun

Bluebooks are still cheapand serve asan ord for
the chronicle. On the other hand, many players now have
access to e-mail, which works the same way asa bluebook |
and is even faster. So if players want their characters to
share intimate moments or secrets off the main stage of the
chronicle, consider e-mail or bluebooking. You'll find
yourself rewarded with enthusiastic players and neat new

elements for your story.


b

remember that powerful chimera often have minds of their own;
they can be a hindrance as well as a help.

Confliccs

One of the most important story elements is conflict. What
are the major forces opposing the player characters? Do they
have enemies — Storyteller characters who are adversaries or
competitors? Is the opposition more esoteric, such as mythical
forces from the Dreaming? Are the characters often their own.
worst enemies? Remember too that even friends and allies can
have conflicting agendas. Whatever the source of conflict in
your chronicle, be sure you have a good handle on how these
forces affect the characters; spend as much time as necessary to
flesh out the characters' opposition in the chronicle.

Togetyoustarted, the following examples offer suggestions
on groups and individuals that might give the commoners a
nasty time. As always, feel free to elaborate or change these
examples to best suit the needs of your chronicle and players.

Villains are People Too!

Memorable bad guys never do anything just because
theycan. Think about your favorite outlaws, enemiesand
adversaries— they're often cruel, evil bastards, but they're
anything other than boring and predictable.

From the billions of examples, let's look at one:
Adrian Veidt from The Watchmen, a graphic novel by
Alan Moore. Veidt is a hero with hubris the size of
Manhattan. In the past, he's saved lives, but in the course
of the story, he takes the job of creating a better world
solely onto hisown shoulders. Asa result, he kills millions
of innocent people, destroys most ofa major city and ends
up sacrificing several of his own teammates. Veidt's
reasons were certainly pure and noble in his own mind,
but to the victims, he was an evil, self-righteous bastard.
Yet what makes him so interesting is that even his
enemies would agree that maybe the ends justified the
means. The world ended up a better place by the story's
end, but Veidt was no less a villain. That mixture of
human frailty, vision and unchecked power made him
quite a fascinating character.

Most of us aren't as gifted as Alan Moore, but we
can learn from his example. When creating villains,
think about their motivations. What's their history?
Why do they act the way they do? What led them
down their path? Are they trying to prove something?
Are they making up for something missing through
their crime and villainy? Or is their own vision of how
the world should be all that matters?

Villains, just like player characters, have a story to
tell. As a Storyteller, you can add one more brilliant
thread to your chronicle by creating villains that are just
as interesting and witty as the other players on the stage

Sidhe

Most sidhe, even the more egalitarian and open-minded
ones, have been reared to believe that itis their place to rule; it's
the natural order of life for fae, and commoner rulers are an
anomaly. Such ingrained behavior is hard to overcome, and
some sidhe don't think they should have to do so in the first
place. The majority swallow their shock at seeing a pooka baron
and keep their feelings to themselves. Others are more vocal
about their dismay, and a few are downright violent about the
whole affair. Perhaps most insidious are those sidhe who are
hypocritical, two-faced snobs — these are the types who are
helpful and considerate to commoners face to face, yet mock
these same fae after returning to their castles and boudoirs.

Tos
WRK

AN

Conflict may arise between sidhe and commoner characters
if the former are constantly overlooking the good work and deeds
ofthe latter. Many nobles only recognize skill at war, disregarding
the lorekeepers and stalwart hearts among the other kith. How
long will the commoners put up with sidhe apathy?

Ocher Commoners

Who said that all the commoners were on the same side? A
chronicle that spotlights the various political differences be-
tween common kith makes for an interesting challenge. Many
commonersare moderates, who agree to have sidhe leaders with
other kith in positions of power and influence, Some common-
ers believe that power should be split equally among all change-
lings, without regard to kith; since commoners are a majority of
changelings, why don't they have the bigger half of the pie?
Others think that the sidhe are meant to rule, no matter what,
and that commoners should be loyal, devoted subjects without
delusions of grandeur. Opinions are one thing, but sometimes
extremists on both sides come to blows. What are the feelings of
the commonersin your chronicle? Are they divided by opposing
political views? Do they set aside their differences in the face of
danger? Orare they more deviousand backstabbing? Letting the
characters discover an enemy within their own circle of friends
could be an interesting twist to the chronicle.

Secret Sociecies

Some societies aren't so secret; they're just groups of change-
lings who join together for the sake of common interest and
ideological political banter, such as the Veterans of the Accor-
dance War. A few commoner societies form because of certain
goals or duties, such as the Order of Bianca. Other societies have
exclusive membership and rather frightening goals; such nefari-
ous groups as the Beltaine Blade and the Ranters are in this
category. Ifthe player characters come to the attention of such a
society, they've made an enemy indeed. Depending on the
newfound foe, the characters may have to face assassination
attempts on their flesh or their good names, loss of possessions or
even exile. How the commoners deal with these threats should
involve all the characters — will they fight honorably or sink to
the level of their enemies? See Chapter Two: Natural Orders for
more information about the variety of secret societies.

Chapzer Four: Harvesc of Dreams 87

x7
Ares


)

UX

Each of the noble houses has its own outlook on com-
moners and granting them noble titles. Following are some
opinions and facts about the relationship between the houses
and the common folk.

House Dougal

‘A pooka made this? Are you sure? Tis one of the finest
crystal goblets I've ever seen. I don't care whose work it is, and
I don't care if he has a tail. Just bring him here immediately!

—Lord Walter Burroway, Master, House Dougal

Reality: House Dougal respects gifted artisans, whether
they be sidhe or commoner. On the other hand, they could
care less about the unassuming sluagh who collects pretty
trinkets and tells secrets. Nothing but duty and their craft
matters to members of this house. They reward commoners
with titles only if their work is deserving of such honor.

House Eiluned

Ifthe chosen leader ofa demesne be sidhe orcommoner,
it matters little tous. We do not make our oaths of allegiance
lightly, and once spoken, so shall it be done.

— Countess Cyndia Sinclair, Kingdom of Grass,
House Eiluned

Reality: House Eiluned gives their loyalty to whoever has
the upper hand, noble or commoner. Few members, if any,
consider commoners their equals and believe that granting
them membership in House Eiluned is a generous gesture;
obsequious shows of gratitude are expected in return

OSH:
2)

Crt
iS

House Fiona
We judge no Kithain by their face and form, but rather
by the deeds of their heart and soul. Even the most humble
fae can be friend in joy and sorrow,
— Baron Kendall de Witt, Kingdom of Northern Ice,
Hous
Reality: Most members of House Fiona do respect and
admire commoners; a few of these sidhe nobles even sided

e

iona

Nodle Houses and Commoners

with the commoners during the Accordance War. A number
of commoners have titles from this house, though few have
lands. On the other hand, no kith isimmune to House Fiona's
fickle ways. One day a commoner may be a Fiona's dearest
love and the next, his fair-weather friend. Such attitudes can
wear down feelings of trust and obligation.

House Gwydion

A comrade brave and true, whose mettle has been tested
on the field of battle, is worth a thousand times his weight in
gold. We welcome any who stand strong against falsehood
and dishonor.

—Lady Margala of Dovedale, Kingdom of White Sands,
House Gwydion

Reality: House Gwydion sees the protection of all
Kithain, commoner and noble, as its paramount goal. They
have among their titled members several trolls, but few of
other kith. Not only great service but skill in battle and
leadership are prerequisites for joining House Gwydion
Needless to say, most sluagh and pooka aren't up to the task,
and the house doesn't really believe in making exceptions.

House Liam
We accept anybody, as long as they can uphold our
beliefs and put up with all the bad press we've accumulated
over the years. Pointed ears or not, what does it matter if the
person's heart and mind are in the right place?
— Sir Eric Silverkeys, House Liam

Reality: House Liam gets along with some commoners |
better than others. They admire and respect the quiet nobil- |
ity of the boggan, the pooka's warm personality and the
wisdom of the eshu. On the otherhand, redcaps, nockers and
sluagh repulse many members of the house. Still, House Liam
understands the rough life ofan outsider and would probably
be sympathetic to a commoner in need

Prodigals

Ifie's not the Kithain or their ilk making trouble, chances are
the Children of Lilith, werewolves, a gangof sorcerers oreven some
pesky ghostsare about tostick their noses where they'renot wanted.
Setting up wraiths, mages, vampires or werewolves as enemies can
be a lot of extra work but also quite rewarding, particularly if you
have new players who'd like to join the chronicle. Likewise, it's a
lot of fun for players who've never played other games in the
Storyteller System; the regular Changeling troupe can get glimpse
of different individuals in the World of Darkness from a unique
angle. One way to use Prodigals is to set up the conflict over a
particular place or object valuable to several different groups (the
Dreamstone, for example; see Chapter One: To Victors, the
Spoils). Prodigals can also serve as advisors, but youshould remem.
ber that they'll always exact a price, usually something the player
characters don't want to pay. Finally, be cautious about how often

88

Prodigals show up in the game; the last thing you want your players
to say is, "What, another damn vampire?"

Aucumn People

‘Autumn People and Dauntain are difficulc and dangerous
enemies. With only a few words and deeds, they can destroy
Glamour and send a changeling reeling into forgetfulness. Such
foes are not to be approached lightly or haphazardly. Autumn
People make for good archenemies in a chronicle; facing them
inanall ornothing final battle might be an exciting way to dravi
the story to a close. If your chronicle is centered on a theme of
renewal, restoring a Dauntain to her true self can be satisfying
land suspenseful. The bittersweet note for.commioners is Charl
they fail in their quest, some nobles may forbid their rescue,
while ifthey are overwhelmingly successful, they mightnotreap
the rewards a sidhe would. How the player characters deal with
this double standard is also a good roleplaying dilemma.

The Foot's Luck: The Way of che Commoner


N

Resolucions

Two kinds of conclusions occur in a chronicle: temporary,
where one story thread ends and the next thread of the adven-
ture picks up, and permanent, where you draw the entire
chronicle to a close. Both are a matter of pacing, good record
keeping and paying attention to the needs and desires of the
players and their characters.

The trick to ending one segment of a story is twofold: end
in a logical place and leave enough unanswered questions to
start the next segment off on an exciting note. Always remem-
ber to let the troupe finish what they started. Don't end a session
in the middle of a battle; no one will recall what was going on
by the next time you play. Similarly, try not to end a multi-part
story without allowing the characters to reach a good stopping
point. Even if they weren't able to complete their quest, ending
for a winter respite in the troll's meadhall is much better than
leaving characters stranded in the wilderness during a snow-
storm. Then, when you're ready to continue the story, revisit the
unresolved issues. This will get players reinvigorated about the
plot and their characters.

Most importantly, after the game isover for the day, sitdown
and talk to the players. Did they like the session? What was the
most fun? Did they write down all pertinent information about
secrets discovered and people met? What things about the game
would they like to change? Many times, players themselves come
up with excellent ideas for the next series of adventures. If they
mention how neat it would be to visit the Valley of Pooka, then
you already have the beginnings of a new plot in hand

A good ending to a long-running saga isn't a simple thing;
it'stakesa lot more effort than just ending one session. Storytell-
ers need to make sure they have all plot threads neatly tied up
and that everyone had a chance to fulfill their character's
purpose and story. If you, the Storyteller, don't deliver on the
players' hopes for their characters, they'll be disappointed, and
they'll remember the chronicle with a bad taste in their mouths.
Make some time to talk to the players before you plan out the
final session. Think about how you can make the death-defying
battle against the big enemy dramatic and memorable. Make
sure everyone goes home speechless at the clever climax and
roleplaying opportunities.

After a chronicle closes, you may find the opportunity to
run one-shot games for the players. This is a good option for
nostalgia, to remember how great a game was. Likewise, the
players may enjoy their characters being guest stars in your new
chronicle or that of another Storyteller and setting; having a fae
show up in a Werewolf chronicle is quite conceivable. When.
players tell talesabout your kills, you'll find it's pretty easy to get
another chronicle going. Don't forget to enjoy a break from
Storytelling, t00; join another troupe and have a character of
your own for a change. You'l find this refreshes your enthusiasm
and gives you more ideas for your own players.

Scory Seeds

Everybody's pool of creative ideas runs low at some point or
another. The following are brief scenarios centered around

commoners; they're not full-length chronicles but germs of
ideas to get your own imagination flowing. Pick and choose or
mix and match as you desire, as always adjusting for the needs of
your chronicle and player characters.

Things Boggan Werent Cdeanc co Know

What would happen if the most innocuous and unassuming
member of the motley discovered a terrible piece of best-
forgotten lore? This seed offers quiet little faeries a chance at
enormous power, witha price, of course. What will the fortunate
changeling do — keep the secret to herself or share it with her
loyal friends? How will the other player characters react when
they're suddenly plagued by nightmares and frightening chi-
mera? Will they realize the link between the secret knowledge
and all the trouble? Or will discover their friend's fate too late?
Don't forget to make sure the gentlest member of the motley is
sorely tempted to use her new knowledge; send her on a road to
hell paved with good intentions and the natural human desire
to be bigger and better than everyone else.

Gec Sir Seif!

Whether sidhe malcontents, ambitious commoners or the
forces of House Dougal, lots of people are eager to find Sir Seif,
holder of Caliburn. Meanwhile, he's doing his best to find High
King David before trouble really starts. Seif shows up near where
the characters live, and he needs to lay low fora while. Will they
give him a hand, knowing his cause is honorable? What ifsome
are sworn to help other factions, such as Princess Lenore and
House Dougal? If you're runninga civil warchronicle, you could
also make this a noncombat roleplaying session, where Sir Seif
entertains the characters in peace and quiet before the war's
havoc once again touches their lives.

The Concordian Candidace

If you decide to take on the Herculean task of running a
Concordian civil war, this seed can provide complications both
before and after hostilities break out. [talso works best if you have
a player who's willing to have his character serve as a sleeper —
an unwitting agent. This poor sap is captured and brainwashed by
the enemy who then send the character home, probably with
some wonderful yet believable story about his bravery in combat
after being separated from his unit. What the other characters in
the chronicle don't know is that spies near their own forces plan
to use the character for a variety of nasty activities, including
assassination, capture of state secrets and so on. All it takes is a
trigger word, easily given over a telephone or via messenger
chimera, and a command; the unfortunate guy then does what-
ever he's told. If he were told to kill his best friend with cold iron,
he'd try to complete the deed. The interesting part comes when
the other characters either catch him up to no good or acciden-
tally use the trigger word, followed by some ludicrous command.
How will the changelings help their ftiend? What will he do after
discovering his plight? What will the forces in charge have to say
abouthisguiltor innocence? Thisseed could work for commoners
fighting against or supporting the sidhe.

89

Chapcer Four: Harvest of Dreams


Lasc Will and Cancrip

A fading con

noner grump leaves his small freehold to the
as part of his
fancy place, but it does have a wa

t will and testament; it's nota
Balefire and many happy
memories. Problem is, the local sidhe lord and lady also covet
the place. In fact, they want it so much, they'
handed and defy the poor grump's last wishes. What will
joners do when faced with this sidhe oppression? Will

player characte

willing to get
und
t
other nobles help the motley, or take the sidhe'sside in the issue?

Where can the characters turn for justice against this outrag

The Boody Prize

While on a hike through the wilderness, the commoner

characters find a seemingly unimportant treasure; it could be a

rock, an old arrowhead or even some faded bones. In actuality,

this object is ancient, powerful and dangerous; strange dreams
come to all the motley, accompanied by some unexplained
events. Yet whenever the characters approach satyr s
travelers, no one seems willing to talk a

oreshu

out it; in fact, everyone

clams up and advises the commoners to get rid of the thi
tothe Storyteller to decide what the treasure isand who rightfully
owns it. Pethaps the whole discovery is nothing
pooka joke. On the otherhand, maybe someone
the treasure, and wiser fae know to stay away from it

Iesup

an elaborate

looking for

90 The Fool's Luck:

ee ge VA

Sic Transi
- motley is given a quest by a mysterious being, perhaps
or a Gallain, to build a haven for all fae, noble and

commoner alike. They receive a goodly sum of money from their

‘sterious benefactor and a timeframe of 13 months to com-

plete their task. Now they have to find a piece of land and some
locals with clout to back up their claim. Who is the mysterious
being, and why is she supporting the characters? Is she a
di

creature of darker designs using the commoners as henchmen?

ced noble trying to make amends in secret? Or is she a

Highway Roddery
This story seed works best for Unseelie characters. One day,

a member of the motley discovers a message written on goblin

parchment, directing him and his friends to take ona task. Their

fo rob a certain

mission, should they choose to accept it
lightl
realm. The motley can keep half the

rest near an ancient oak tree. In return, they get nifty weapons,

arded noble entourage, making general chaos in the
and must deposit the

00%

dross and delicious provisions, and to seal the bargain, a small
cache of dream stones is already waiting for them. Any hungry,
sol to say no! So who is the

down on their luck fae would be a
highwayman in charge? Are the characters being set up, or is this

the beginning of a beautiful friendship with an outlaw?

The Gay of che Commoner

TRI

Uhice Wedding

Everyone in the local barony loves Lady Ariana; like most
sidhe childli all the energy
and magic of an eight year old. Now consider that Lady Ariana

| has disappeared, and her four knightly guardians no longer
remember themselves. Only because the characters have a

ings, she's an absolute delight, with

contact among the redcaps do they know that an Unseelie
motley has spirited her away to marry one of their movers and
shakers, a twisted knight who may belong to the Shadow Court
The commoners must act quickly before the final oaths are
taken! Who knows what terrible things will befall the innocent
sidhe maiden? If you want to be a little more daring, have some
of the troupe play the Unseelie fae who'll fight tooth, claw and
nail to get the pretty sidhe to marry their dread lord

QDurder CDosz Foul

Inthe midst of a major state visit by foreign nobility, one of
the ambassadors is murdered. Then, the local court jester
chicken pooka, is found holding the murder weapon, a cold iron

hat pin. Of course it'sa setup, and in reality, the victim waskilled
bya member of his own court. How can the commoner motley
prove their friend's innocence? What if the visitors are out for
blood? Will the characters stage a jailbreak or rely on noble
justice to discover the truth?

Rag Doll

For centuries, commonershave had to cope with their mortal
lives intruding into their fae identities, So it goes with two young
star-crossed lovers, friends of the player characters. The lad isfrom
a wealthy home, while the lass isa street urchin from the wrong &

soulsrefuse to be separated. After (S

the rich parents confine the boy to his room, except for school or ¥&>

side of the tracks. Yet their faeri

in between, the characters have to act as go betweens for the
couple. Perhaps the chauffeur is an enemy they'll need to avoid
Worse, kept from his ladylove, the lad may begin to forget his true
nature. How will the players manage to protect the young wilders
in love without injuring the mortals? To add some icing to the
cake, perhaps the lad's parents are high-tech sorcerers; maybe the
Sneakers could be introduced to the chronicle as they help the
players pull off a Mission: Impossible rescue

Rich Fae, Poor Fae

One of the player characters is given a promotion at her
office. This is wonderful, except now she's the supervisor
of the local sidhe nobles, and he doesn't like it one bit. Away
from the office, he gives her no end of grief, from setting her on
impossible tasks to letting the local redcaps and pooka send
some nasty tricks her way. What will the character do? How will
these difficulties affect her job and her mortal life? How will the
other player characters intervene to help their friend?

one

Chaprer Four: Harvest of Dreams

Aes
eet)

AA

PO Ceibine Fig

E

homas Traherne, Centuries of Meditation

The People Conservatives

He makes no friend wh

— Tenn'
From Gl
IfThave
certain persons alway

ind out in a crowd. They're not always of cavalier do-gooders. These people are Fae tione
id, outspoken and well-known commoner conservatives from

re the Concordia and abroad.
se. Before
want to detail

m all wall

moners

Dewiey Sc. John Flanders

Many commoners respect and honor the sidhe; Dewey St
John Flanders worships them. He's polite to boggans, but little
else, I might add. Of course, being a satyr, he's terribly fond of
sidhe beauty, but Dewey is also a strong admirer of the propriety
of sidhe leadership. Asa staunch conservative in the Parliament
of Dreams (and he actually prefers to be considered a Tradition-
alist, to use the sidhe term), Dewey points to the many accom-
plishments the Shining Host have made both before the Shatter-
ing and after the Resurgence. Where would the Kithain be
without the Peace of Concordia? Haven't dozens, nay, hundreds
of lost frecholds and trods been discovered because of the sidhe's
return?Isnotthe will of the Dreaming apparent from their victory
in the Accordance War? In the Parliament, Dewey is known asa
shrewd politician and a master of the filibuster; his words are as
fine as his deep-timbered voice. What he doesn't know is that he
has drawn the enmity of the Ranters and the respect of the
Catacomb Club, at least according to Crazy Aeddie, a self
proclaimed member of the Shadow Court (see Chapter Two:
Natural Orders), The latter may attempt to recruit Dewe'
John Flanders if he were to be ennobled; many members of the
Club think it's only a matter of time. The Ranters, on the other
hand, find him disgusting and the worst of fawning, conservative
commoners, Dewey had best watch out, for members of either of
these two groups would have good reason to make contact with
Dewey, to proposition him or set him up fora fall.

Gwilym, Seneschal of Guiynedd

According to people who have been across the pond,
Gwilym is one of a long line of commoner seneschals "holding
down the fort" for the Kithain in Wales. Cymru, as the land is
known, isa fragmented realm; Gwilym hopes that soon, a high
king or queen will return who can lead the Welsh fae asa united
people toanew Spring. Many nobles of the realm, such as Dylan,

94 The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Prince of Dyfed, value his opinionsand wisdom. Now as twilight
settles around him, the old boggan feels the weight of finding a
successor for his office sooner rather than later. Gwilym stil
prays, though, that he will see a new High King or Queen of
Cymru in his waning lifetime. He is currently trying to meet
with nobles of House Gwydion, hoping that a new ruler will
emerge from those ranks to rule the Falcon's ancestral home.
One other rumor [heard suggested that Gwilym may even travel
to House Gwydion strongholds in Concordia to find a ruler for
Cymru

(For more information on Gwilym, see Isle of the Mighty).

Laurecce Fascinale

When the sidhe returned during the Resurgence, it was a
dream come true for a young raccoon pooka named Laurette, or
so she told me over a cup of coffee in the Kingdom of Apples.
The leader of her local barony in the Kingdom of Northern Ice
gladly welcomed a Fiona ruler, Sir Aethelred. The knight in
turn made several baronial commoners members of his personal
staff. Laurette had heard many wonderful tales about the beauty
and majesty of the sidhe, and kind Sir Aethelred lived up to the
legends. He dubbed her a page and garnered much amusement
from her cunning tricks; as a good knight should, Aethelred
taught his page the basics of heraldry, archery, horseback riding
and swordplay. In fact, he and his household of sidhe and
commoners were enjoying the beauty of an early spring when
word of the Beltaine massacre reached the barony. Aethelred
was horrified, but before he could discover more details or calm
his people, a pair of redeaps and a sluagh murdered him.
Laurette's world came crashing down. She left the Kingdom of
Northern Ice on May 4, 1970, and has never returned. The
pooka made her way south where she joined Lord Dafyll's forces
No one had the heart to tun away such a determined young
warrior, and she proved her mettle quickly. Laurette was a whiz
at spying on the enemy and so innocent looking, she was never


TSS

nt. Now, many yearshave passed,
-aurette hasspent
he Accordance War training other warriors in the

suspected of bein;
and the childling

raging wilder

time since
arts of subterfuge. This pooka probably could give Intrepid a run

for his money; she's never without a trick or a crafty plan
Anyone who needs advice on infiltration, imposture or espio:

nage would find her a valuable ally

General Lyros,

Formerly of 4ch ‘Troll Commons Infancry
Well pase his prime, Lyros'is'still one'of the finest: troll

warriors in Concordia. He is not a revolutionary at heart, but

valiantly led the 4th Troll Commons Infantry during the Accor-
dance War; many commonershope in vain for any signs of further

RAAIRRALLAMRALRALRATERAMRATRRATRAI

ally, I don't think that
e and cut-to-the-chase manner of

rebel tendencies from the Gen
day will come, His no-nonse

thinking and speaking endears him to commoners and sidhe
Reformers alike. Lyros believes High King David to be a good and
just monarch and would support him without question. Lyros'
ther of Duke Topaz, ruler of the
Snake. The General's enemies include
aine Blade.

other claim to fame is being the
Kingdom of the Feathere
the sidhe Traditionalist Duke Dray and the Bel

(For more information on Lyros, see Nobles: The Shining
Host)

CDalakson Halvdan Brighcskull

Everthedevoted servant, the liosalfar Malakson isa huskarl,
orbondsfae, of the Jarl of Jutland in the mortal land of Denmark
Wise, brave and stalwart, he's a pretty stereotypical troll wilder,
except that he has an unusual mission — serving as an ambas
sador to the Court of Neustria. V a perfect
choice. Yes, really! I know it's true that commoners aren't much
more than prized servants in Neustria, but how could anyone
think Malakson was irresponsible or undignified? While he
believes completely in the harmonious government ofhishome-
land, which links nobles and commoners in joint rule, the troll
also supports sidhe sovereignty. He dislikes the circumstances in

lakson is, of cour:

the Galacian Confederation thathave occasionally forced sidhe
to flee for their lives. Although Malakson feels the King of
Neustria is sometimes a bit heavy-handed, he understands that
aruler must be strong and firm. In his rare moments of free time,
the troll isaskilled armorer, producing brigantine mail and stout
shields that are as beautiful as they are dependable. I know
because I used to own one of his round shields; now I doubt 1
could even pick it up. Malakson does hold the rank of knight,
the traditional honor foran ambassador, buthe prefe
his title except on the most formal occasions. He might be a

nottouse

good contact for anyone journeying to Neustria or Jutland

Ys
Re

SS

ATS


King CDorwyd of CDisc

Though he loves the flying machinesand microchips ofthe
modern age, Morwyd is at heart a traditional fae. He adores his
Seelie sidhe queen, Karolinda, and is actually quite a good
monarch of the Kingdom of Mist. Unlike other lands, in this

place the tradition of dividing the year in twain, half for Seelie
and half for Unseelie, hasn't been forgotten. The nocker is the
Winter King, ruling from Samhain to Beltaine. Morwyd also
adheres to other customs, such as punishing farmers who forget
to leave out cream and bread for the little people. I find all this
hard to believe, but Kalana has met him and assures me it's true.

is
3 (For more information on Morwyd, see Isle of the Mighty).
(A
i

Upala Sengupca
From her native India, Upala has traveled through much of
Europe, Af

‘aand Asia. She has recently come to Concordia where

her person ins the same: locating Kithain children
who would otherwise be lost to the Dreaming, due to lack of

Glamour, Banal parents or the Dauntain. Barely past childhood

mission re

herself, this young and idealistic eshu is nonetheless fluent in about
es and ever conversant in the universal tongue of
compassion. Upala will go to any length to save children from
danger. Because she believes that strong and dedicated leadership of

four lan;

the Kithain can further her goals, she generally supports the sidhe;
afterall, they seem to be doinga good job overall. Upala understands
thatHighKingDavidhz
directly,andshe
egalitarian rule. He

forbidden hissubjects toconfront Dauntain

respect for this fae monarch who standsfor
ever, she sometimes believes that a frontal
attack isthe best and quickest way to rescue the Dauntain's victims.
So far, the eshu has been lucky; sl

not yet fallen prey to her
enemies. However, | find it impossible to believe they've ignored
Upala's meddling; they're probably just waiting for a good time to

ture and question her. Because she is being considered for

men
Guide), rumor has it that Upala has also drawn the enmity of the

bership in the Order of Eiliethyia (see the Changeling Players

Monk
who w

'sPawand the Beltaine Blade. I wish she could find a patron
support her cause, for it is most noble and courageous.

CDoderaces

Moderates, not unlike sidhe Reformers, want to take the
middle ground. Many are willing to dally in consensus politics
to preserve the peace and protect all Kithain. Others simply
don't care much for politics and just want to manage their own
business in peace and quiet; playing both ends of the political

spectrum allows them this freedom

Densloe QDaddingsley
While most fae, like me, would find statistics and number
crunching horribly Banal, Densloe Maddingsley finds facts and

96 The Fools Luck: The (ay of che Commoner


figures engrossing; he believes there's a sort of magic in it
Mathematics, he says, has a beauty all its own, and so do words,
he's quick to add. This boggan is an information broker; he runs
a research firm that conducts phone surveys, interviews and
statistical analyses. In the archives of his company are millions
and millions of pieces of data about people from all walks of life.
Densloe also has special files on Kithain and other unusual
While fair and sympathetic to the needs of his fellow
changelings, he'salsoa businessman and charges for hisservices.
Usually his price is more information, but he's more than willing
to accept cold hard cash. The boggan probably darts equally
between the Seelie and Unseelie parts of his nature, but he's
popular with many nobles and commoners alike. If they deal
with Densloe, they know they're getting good service and
excellent quality. Anyone who needed to get some quick dirton
another changeling should make an appointment with Densloe
Of course, they'd better be prepared to meet his asking price.

Ficz CDcArchur

Just north of the Duchy of Goldengate in the Kingdom of
Pacifica, Fitz runs his small publishing empire (well, cottage
industry, anyway). The old nocker is unequaled in his skill at
bookbinding and printing; he is responsible for publishing the
chimerical travel guides of Kalana Tomas and is in heavy
demand for printing invitations and announcements for fae
across Concordia. Fitz's materials are the finest, and he has an
artist's eye for beauty and detail. Never mind that occasion
misspellings creep into the text; to have his unique lavender
paper, which blossoms into a full-grown plant after watering, is
well worth a misspelling, Fitz has several apprentices, a book-
keeper/housemanagerand several chimera at his small freehold.
He's grumpy and bad tempered, but perhaps less so than many
nockers. At present, he's k and ears open for
someone to become his assistant master craftsman, perhaps

being:

ping his ¢

chosen from the apprentices, perhaps among unknown talent

Fitz likes originality and ingenuity aboveall else; ifsomeone can
show him a unique process, he'll be impressed. Other fae can
meet Fitz if they visit his freehold or if they're sent by their local
nobles to pick up specialty items from the nocker. Appoint-
ments are always a good idea.

Kalana Tomas

Kalana decided early in her life that she
tospread her tales. Like most eshu, she wandered a good deal and
became quite: knowledgeable about languages,, cultures snd
customs. Much of what she
usual elaboration and embroidery on the truth, but how could
she share this knowledge with the most people? One day Kalana
sawa TV show about tourism, and then she had her answer. Now
the eshu writes travel guides, especially with an eye to fae
readers, that tell of hidden wonders and special places. Few
mortals can see the guides since they're chimerical, printed by
a nocker publishing firm. Of course all the finest Kithain
booksellers keep them in stock, not an easy feat considering
their popularity. I actually used to own a copy of her British Isles
guide, and it was pretty keen stuff. Kalana tends to write in
marvelous detail about the things mundane travel guides ignore
— Glamour, mortal inspiration and trods. Of course she in-
cludes reams of information on good food, drink and music.
Kalana's nocker friends are trying to get her to make a web page
accessible only to Kithain, and she's giving the matter serious
consideration. People looking for a nifty place to visit, sights to
see and places to stay should consult Kalana. She may also have
useful information about history associated with a particular
point of interest.

(Darina of Beacon Hitls

Idon'tknow whether tothink I'm blessed or cursed by having
Marinaasa friend. She's said precious little about what happened
to her in the Dreaming, but boggans have shrewder minds than

ded a better way

eamed was interesting without the

7
i

Faces and Places

Chapzer Five: Names,


<—— e

they're given credit for. So, I think I might have figured out what
was going on behind the scenes, just from the bits and pieces I
have gl
carefree young musician. She flitted from party to party, singing
with the voice of a diva, without a concern in the world. Then,

the Countess of Beacon Hills, a noble lady not given to idle

ined from her. Once upon a time, Marina the satyr was

chatter, asked the satyr to journey into the Dreaming on a quest
The commoner accepted, thinking it was an easy task to pick up
x certain book at the Countess' behest. In the Dreaming, though,
Marina made the mistake of losing a riddle contest to the book's
owner, a sage named Cruithne Alexis. At first, she thought her
life was forfeit, but the old man merely proposed to demand her
services from time to time. As token of her fealty to him, Cruithne
gave the satyr access to his immense library and a magical ring of
some kind. My guess is the ring allows Marina to enter the
Dreaming whenever she is in a flower garden; perhaps its powers
are even greater, for all I know. Marina seems to have found
Cruithne to be a rather self-centered fellow but appreciative of
her own love of lore. The sage, of course, is not what he seems
though for the life of me, I don't know what his game is. Thus far,
however, I think Cruithne Alexis ha
satyr's work; I have no doubt he is especially looking forward to
reading more about the history of the Kithain, noble and com-
moner alike. Eventually, not soon, of course, I would like to help
her get free from the slimy old fellow's clutches.

been pleased with the

MDortee Uharcon

Tea parties have become a vaunted custom among the
h, and little Morlee Wharton's mentor taught him the skill
of serving a proper English tea soon after the boy's Chrysalis
Never mind that other Kithain found a sluagh tea party a bit
creepy; Morlee was a determined student, dead set on making a
good name for his skills. Now a wilder, the sluagh has a fine
reputation for doing up a tea just right, even among non-sluagh,
with antique porcelain, cucumber sandwiches and the perfect

98

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Common

(SSSA

iced layercake. Don't worry, everythingis quite clean and proper
He also chooses the most appropriate teas for the occasion,
ar! Grey. Morleeshowsup
dservesit with theskill

wheth

delicate Darjeeling orsmoky
at thescheduled event, prepares thet
of an English butler. Then, he quietly curls up under the

cart and waits, In addition to having the reputation of serving

rving

excellent teas, the sluagh is a respected spy among his own kith.
He'sso unobtrusive and quiet, most of the guests forget he's there.
Their cups are never empty and all is so neat and orderly, Morlee
's sometimes asked to leave

seems almost invisible. Of cours
the room, particularly by royals, but he can still hear plenty while
waitingin aconvenientdrainpipe or heatduct. What fun it would
be to hire him out to spy on some of the Eiluned! On the other
hand, whose to say he's not already working for them?

Odrey Reduine

I'd never heard of the piskies until a sluagh recommended a
trip south; now, I'm glad for the tip. This piskey wilder nominally
makes his home in the Kingdom of White Sands, where the
Kendricks and Moxford Circus spends the winter training and
making repairs. Obrey usually visits Queen Morganna's court,
bringing messages and gettingnew ones to deliver when the circus

es on the move in the fall. By trade he's a horse trainer and
sually tends to all the animals' care and feeding; most of the
performers swear by his liniment when it comes to healing sore
muscles. He gave mea bottle, and it's worked wonders. The piskey

also serves as a clown when needed, and on occasion, he's

sprinkled the cotton candy with something spe
see his fae form. Okay, so it's technically a violation of the
Escheat, but so what? The children love it. Among the change-
lings, Obrey is a trusted messenger. If he says he'
he'll keep his word, even though speedy jobs aren't his
ty. What fewer Kithain know is that Obrey has contacts
among several Prodigals, including these folks called the Sile
Walkers, Hollow People and Gangrel. He told me that there was

deliver some-

eR

astrange carnival that showed up from time to time in Concor
with fae and some other creatures, too, and asked me to keep an

eye open for it. Anyone who gets a chance to watch the Kendricks

and Moxford Circus should also take some time to meet Obrey.

Porcia Jessup

The Baroness of Silver Lakes in the Kingdom of Grass had a
problem shortly after the end of the Accordance War. Most of the
Gommonemin her efaccepred the vermsdof tie Treaty of Concord

and settled down under her stern but prosperous rule. Then there
were a few, mostly pooka and satyr childlings, who couldn't stop
making waves. Calling themselves the Tumbleweeds, they cast
wayward cantrips and went to great lengths to disrupt the normal
activities of the baronial court. Of course they stopped short of

making Ilyria of House Gwydion, the Baroness of Silver Lak
bad, but they held nothing else sacrosanct. No minor disciplinary
nd finally, the baroness had had enough. It was
probably an overreaction, now that I think about it. She chose one
from their number, a small delicate fawn pooka named Portia, to
stay in Silver Lakes; the rest she shipped off to court in the
neighboring Duchy of Plums, only about 10 miles away. She didn't
want the children to be separated from their mortal parents, after
of
Portia behind in the supposedly evil clutches of Baroness Ilyria;

measures work

all. The Tumbleweeds were stricken with the thought of leaving
their behavior improved a great deal in their new home, however.
Portia, meanwhile, wasa little scared ofbeingthe sole Tumblewe
in Silver Lakes; she didn't realize that hurting her would be the last
thing on earth the Baroness would do. The pooka still keeps in
touch with the Tumbleweeds through her pet chimera, a butterfly-
sized deer fly that talks incessantly

nd is general

a pain.
Things have recently gotten much more interesting for the
childling. First of all, the young girl will soon enter wilderhood,

the sweet summer of her life. Second, her friends in the Duchy
of Plums have been using her to get information on the Baron-
ess; they have entered into the employ of the Duke,
named Ashana of House Biluned. Portia has no idea
friends have been delivering all of her innocent gossip about
Ilyria straight to Ashana's pointy ears. On the other hand, the
pooka may well become a willing accomplice. Right now she's
far more useful to the Duke as an unknowing spy. Those who
visit the Barony of Silver Lakes (Monona, Wisconsin) ot the

a man

ther

Duchy of Plums (Madison) might be able to see Portia and give
hera hand. I worry that something might happen to her, which
would break the Baroness' heart.

Viad Rogvodov

A resident of the Kingdom of Apples, Vlad is an irredeem-
ably Unseelie member of the Parliament of Dreams. That said,
he's also a bit unusual for his kith in that he's quite interested in


politics, redcaps not being too savvy in the quick-thinking
department. What he lacks in subtlety Vlad makes up for in
enthusiasm. He never misses a meeting, serves on whatever
committee will take him and can always be counted on to
express an opinion. What Vlad wants is more representation for
the Unseelie in the Parliament. He correctly points out that as

Unseelie are essentially half the fae population, they should
receive half the votes. The redcap wouldn't mind proportional
representation for commoners, either, but he had no particular
gripe against the sidhe. What gets him riled is that all the Seelie
goody two-shoes seem to deny the duality of the Kithain soul. I
couldn't agree with him more on this, though I generally prefer
the Seelie Court. Vlad's discussion of metaphysics doesn't go
much beyond that basic statement, but more and more Unseelie
arebeginningto sit up and take notice of whathe'ssaying. Vlad's
favorite hangout is the Olive Branch, a pub that serves up lots
of cold meats and cheese on delicious wooden plates, not too far
from the Parliament's meeting chambers. Most nights, other
Kithain could find him there, munching dinner; any Unseelie
might get some inspiration from his words

Radicals, Ouclaws
and Naughy Pakes

Visonaries and lunatics, these folks are extremists among
the Kithain. Some are downright evil, while others just have an
outlook that's slightly different from the average changeling,
left of the sidhe Modernists. Similar to the
conservatives, believe it or not, most of the
minded in their focus; unlike the mode
willing to bend or compromise their beliefs

say, a few

ae are single
e not usually

es, the

Eneas ‘Bloody Thread' Zoecope

Onceuponatime,amortal maid wenthikingin the Adirondack
Mountains ofNew York. When she didn'tretum home toher friends

and family, everyone assumed the worst, and sure enough, her
maimed body was discovered on a back trail afew days later. Forensic
science seemed to indicate thather body had been partially devoured
a large carnivore, perhaps a bear; there actually wasn't much left
Eneas, her brother anda satyr, knew better. The dead girl

was his Kinain sister Clio, a student of anthropology like himself
Together they'd studied myths and legends of many different cul-
tures, especially those of the Native Americans who had lived in the
Northeast, with an eye to learning more about changelings
knew a hungry Rock Giant in its Winter aspect had killed his sister.
Shortly before Clio was buried, he cut off a hank of her long, black
became cruel

hair. Once a gentle scholar, poet and romantic,
and bloodthirsty, out for revenge against all the Nunnehi. Now he
travels and searches for them, brutally killing whoever he finds,
youngling, brave orelder, no matter what Nation or Family. Oneach
body he leaves strand of Clio's hair which on first inspection looks
likea bloody strand of thread, hence the killer's nickname. Beforehis
ince, High King David was deeply disturbed by the reports
of Nunnehi slayings and had assembled a motley to investigate the
deaths, Needless to say, the Nunnehi are none too calm about the
matter, either. I met Eneas, and my heart goes out to him. He isa
pitiful Kithain who has been totally consumed by his dark inner
eds to be

urges, but of course this is no excuse for his actions. H

could send someone to work with us. Actually, putting an end to

Eneas may be the best opportunity we Kithain have to mend our
fences with our Native American cousins.

Dr. Foscer

Note to self: Heard this second hand from another pooka, so my
readers will just have to make up their own minds. So what happens
when mortals come in droves to that special grove?

Mr. Foster has always liked the forest. When he was a
prickly young fae, none of the other children would play with
him; his sharp quills hurt too much. So Mr. Foster amused


,

RATA RATRATRRAR RTARTA

himself alone, among the trees; they became his friends and
were never mean to him. Over the years, he noticed how many
of his friends were being cut down by those wretched timber
companies. That was a bad thing! Worse, some human children
liked to go into the woods and play with matches. Mr. Foster
didn't like fires, and he thought those human kids were being
very naughty. On the other hand, he didn't want to hurt the
children. So, beinga whizat the Primal Art, Mr. Foster now puts
the bad kids out of harm's way and findsa way to help his friends,
the trees. Mr. Foster thinks of his little project as reforestation;
where once no trees stood, there are nowa dozen or so beautiful
youngbirches, willowsand firs, Plus, the children won't grow old
so quickly; they'll stay young and lovely for decades, Of course,
the parents go crazy with worry over their missing offspring. Mr
Foster isn't evil per se, but he is extremely misguided.

Gruach of Dalriada

Once a talented spy, Gruach is now the lover and advisor of

King Ross of Dalriada in Caledonia (Scotland). She's given no

reasons why she forsook on her former employer, Duke Leyden of
House Fiona, but she seems truly devoted to Ross. On the other
hand, this dark sluagh beauty must surely have a secret agenda; in

urt, thieves and

the past, she's been linked with the Shadow €
assassins. Surely all her fancy jewels don't come from the King

(For more information on the lovely butdeadly Gruach, see
Isle of the Mighty).

The Hellion

This vicious creatu

der of Emma's Little Helpers,
a group of outspoken, over-the-edge female redcaps (see Chap-
ter Two: Natural Orders). No one knows if the Hellion was
atsome point in the past, but she grew up with an
ae and mortal alike. Her
she likes to beat the

hurt or
intense distaste for most males,
favorite t
crap out of them and make them fearfor their, ahem, anatomies

ust

sare young, smart-aleck boy

I find this despicable, Mind you, I have nothing against young
ladies, but young men are pretty fine too! It's wrong to go around
maiming them when a good sting of a rapier across the bottom
will teach them a thing or wo. The part that riles me is that the
redcap takes particular delight in ridiculing the more attractive
and stuck-up sidhe wilders. Some of the Hellion's friends
per that she has friends among the Prodigals known as Black
Furies. Justified or not, the truth
being a bit of a psycho. Where
for mortal women who were hurt and helpless, now the F
looks for any excuse to attack. She's a hair's breadth a
being declared an outlaw; even the Shadow Court doesn't
particularly want to deal with her. I think something should be

is that the redcap is close to

once she was an avengin;

ray from

done about her, and tomorrow may not be soon enough:

Ragnild von Fotkke

Infall 1970, anocker childling watched in terroras brightly
clad sidhe warriors destroyed her home. It was a clock shop, full
of tinkles, jangles and merry tick rocks, a wonderful place to
learn of the magic of the Kithain. Worse for the young change-
ling was the sight of her nocker father defending his workshop
with his last breath, as he fell in death from a noble's sword
Perhaps the sidhe warriors had reasons of their own fora waging
a battle that left no survivors; maybe they too had suffered
untold horrors. None of this mattered to the little nocker, as she
hid for her life and cried silently that night. The next day, she
came out of hiding, made her way from Freiberg to Munich and
joined the Silver Rose, a commoner motley dedicated to chal-

lenging sidhe rulership and ending the nobles' oppression. The
girl forgot her old name and was thereafter called Ragnild von
Folkke, ot "wise guardian of the people." In the end, the skills of
Ragnild and her nocker friends paid off; their awesome ma-
chines turned the tide against the sidhe in the Five Years' War
Ragnild was one of the co-founders of the Galacian Confedera-
tion and has sat on the Diet, the elected ruling council of the

Chapzer Five: Names, Faces and Places


i

Bavarian League, several times. In her heart, Ragnild has tried
toforgive the sidhe for the murder of her father, butshe still can't
bring herself to trust them. Nockers may have good reason to
visit Ragnild's magnificent clockworks; any commoners inter-
ested in learning more about the Confederation would find
interesting conversation with this radical. It was well worth the
plane ticket to make her acquaintance

Riel,

Spymascer of King QDeilge oF Willows
This sluagh wilder is a snake through and through. I'm not

sure what he's really up to, but he panders to the dark whims of

King Meilge. It wouldn't surprise me if he were involved in
plottingagainst the monarch, which is terrible considering how

much High Quee
Because of recent ev

Faerilyth needs her mentor right now.
involving the disappearance of High
King David, Riel is in a position of power and knows it. I mean,
he was there the night the High King vanished. King Meilgealso
seems to rely on him. This sluagh's going to milk the situation
for all it's worth, too.

(For more information on Riel, see The Kingdom of
Willows)

Duke Toren na Gulon

Hell, no, I didn't meethim! I'm no fool. But I heard endless
stories about him. A powerful Unseelie warlord, the Iron Duke
Toren na Gulon has much in common with the wolverine that
is his personal totem. This old troll is fierce and tenacious in
battle, with incredible toughness and an ability to turn on an
attacker even when at a disadvantage. Many people have made
the mistake of thinking Toren na Gulon was down for good
when they've felt a steel blade slice their spines. The outlaw has
apersonal guard of nine rough and rowdy redcaps, known as the
Iron Brigade because of their iron-soled boots and sharp spears
tipped with the same metal. This self-proclaimed duke, for of
course no noble would give him such a title, maintains a large
mountain freehold in the Kingdom of the Burning Sun. His
fortress is built from huge oak timbers and looks like an old Norse
meadhall. Na Gulon loves to fight and will gladly go to war with
anyone who pisses him off. Worse, he's frequently put on
retainer by Unseelie fae and members of the Shadow Court
Often the threat of his allegiance is sufficient for his "liege" to
scare off enemies; na Gulon's reputation is enough to make even
the toughest sidhe warrior pause in deep thought. I've heard that
some nobles have sent retainers on reconnaissance to the troll's
fortress, but they'd be nuts to fight him alone. Unseelie fae may
find lucrative employment under the Iron Duke, much as I hate
to admit it.


The Places

No foreign sky protected me,
no stranger's wing shielded my face.
I stand as witness to the common lot,
survivor of that time, that place
— Anna Akhmatova, Requiem
From A Book of Common Luxuries by Kalana Tomas:
A lot of commoners hang in places quite different than their
sidhe cousins. It'snot that there'sanything wrong with art museums
orespresso shops, it's just that those places don't encourage folks to
let their hair down. Leaving initials carved on the table in an
expensive restaurant is a no-no, whereas at the Dragon's Den, it's
commonplace and accepted. Following are a few locales that
welcome commoners and consider them prized customers.

Binahs Bazaar

Between the Near and Far Dreaming stands Binah's Bazaar,
an open-air market that harkens back to old Istanbul. First,
visitors smell the scents: cardamom, cinnamon and coriander.
Then there are the sounds of camels grunting, the call of bargain
prices and strains of music from every instrument imaginable.
Shoppers can find just about anything they seek at the bazaar,
from cheap scarves to priceless gems and weapons. Bargaining is
amust;it's considered an insult if the shopper doesn'tat least try
to do a little haggling. If hungry, patrons can choose from
conventional grilled beef and chicken kebabs to more exotic
dishes such as pastourma (seasoned camel) and loukhoums
(throat-soothing sweet candies). The bazaar on any given day
has about 100 booths set up; additionally, Binah himself has a
large private pavilion. Nearby, patrons can recline on soft
pillows and carpets, enjoying cold lemonade. Binah, an eshu of
some age, has run the bazaar for many years. He'sa little on the
plump side, always impeccably dressed in brightly striped robes
and curly-toed leather boots. It's rumored that within his private

tent, shadier deals are made for exotic poisons, chimera and
possibly even slaves. However, even to the humblest childling,
he is polite and congenial, commanding an air of respect.
Everyone should find a trip to the bazaar an exciting venture.

Caer Flamingo
Bocanical and BuccerFly Gardens

The Botanical and Butterfly Gardens were a whim of
Queen Morganna of the Kingdom of White Sands. She had this
magnificent place built, visited a time or two, then seemingly
forgot about it; what Morganna would never admit is that she
intendedit to be a private park for commoners. She put a boggan
horticulturist named Maria Hernandoand anocker called Paulo
Juarez in charge of maintaining the place, and all agree they've
done an excellent job. The gardens are thematically arranged;
for example, there's a rose garden, an herbal garden and a
greenhouse that features only native tropical orchids. Even
more exciting is the butterfly garden, a section of bright annuals

and perennials that attract countless butterflies in spring and
summer. Visitors can sit on short benches among the plants for
hours watching the winged insects. Thanks to Paulo's skills,
there's even a special place for sluagh, an underground section
that houses deadly nightshade, carnivorous plants and death's
head moths; special ultraviolet lamps give the plants what light
they need without being too bright for the sluagh. No permis-
sion is needed to visit the gardens, though most folks pay their
respects to the Queen when they're in town.

The Dragons Den

Aldo Scarlett and his wife Betta are the proprietors of the
Dragon's Den, an inn and tavern in the Far Dreaming. The inn
itself is similar to an old Tudor-style house with a thatched roof,
open-beam construction and diamond-pane windows. Betta, a
boggan like her husband, has added some special additions, such
as window boxes planted with rosemary and thyme, glass door
knobs and a couple of big oak tubs. The couple shares all the
responsibilities for running the inn, though Aldo tends to be the
better cook; Betta's strengths are in organization and finishing
details, The inn hasabout 10 rooms which can hold three people
each; when times are crowded, visitors can sleep by the tavern
fire. The tavern has about five long wooden tables and plenty of
benches. Aldo will even share his tobacco, while Betta has been
known to give a weary traveler a back rub and foot soak. Both
boggans like to tell stories about the fearsome but unseen dragon
thatdwells on the mountain just north of the inn. If troublemak-
ersshow up, the couple have a signal toalert some nearby trolls;
twice a day, the boggans are supposed to ring the big bell in the
inn's garden. If it's not sounded, the trolls know to come check
on things. So far the system has worked well for everyone; the
trolls get good grub and the boggans have some ready guardians.
The inn is a great place for trading gossip, songs and stories;
should the locals hear about visitors from the mortal lands, the
place will be packed.

Today s Menu
Fresh bread and honey butter
Cold milk

] dtomebrew ale
| "Venison on a stick, with apples. onions
and bacon

Plum tart

Aged white cheddar cheese
Traveler's sack fare: Red apples. hunk
of yellow cheese, small loaf of bread.

Chapzer Five: Names, Faces and Places


SR
a7

Arcadia Gaceway

Close to the Dreaming yet apart from it isa realm called the
Umbra. The Umbra contains countless netherlands traversed
by the Prodigal Garou, sorcerers and spirits; it is a vast and
complex place. One of the Near Realms in the Umbra which
connects directly to the Dreaming is a spot called Arcadia
Gateway. The Fianna have several paths to this place, as do
some among the Get of Fenris and Black Furies, so at any given
time, a werewolf or two might be in this realm. The Arcadia
Gateway has some features of interest to commoners as well.
First of all, most of the fae in the realm are Lost Ones or true fae;
in fact, a Seelie Lord and an Unseelie Lady have divided the
realm and co-tule it. While the fae in this realm have forgotten
much of the true Arcadia and know little of the mortal lands,
they are still powerful and wise. Second, the meandering woods,
trails and streams around Arcadia's Gateway are full of com-
moners whose main love is tricking any mortals or Garou that
happen to come along. It's a pooka's paradise and fun for
everyone else, too; the werewolves of course don't know as much,
as they think they know about the fae. Their attempts to make
bargains and gain the upper hand provide hours of amusement,
provided they don't get too pissed.

The Fools Luck: The Way of che Commoner

(Rumors abound that a secret entrance to Arcadia itself
exists somewhere in this realm; possibly it's through a lost trail
in the forest or perhaps in a maze under one of the two great
castles. Ifsuch an entrance exists, this could be a dazzling way to
conclude achronicle, allowing the player characters to return to
Arcadia. Storytellers should think carefully on whether or not
they want to have a bona-fide way for characters to find their
way home to the faerie lands, or just use Arcadia Gateway as an
interesting place to visit. For more information on Arcadia
Gateway and its denizens, see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow for
Werewolf: The Apocalypse).

Epilogue

There area terrible lot of lies going about the world, and the worst
of itis that half of them are true

— Winston Churchill

The boggan pulled herselfup the steps of theancient castle,
both eager and afraid. Behind came Marina, instinctively let-
ting her friend have a few moments lead, to reflect, wonder or
remember: Less than'a year and aiday: Sunlic momings learning
how to make biscuits with other boggans. Evenings of candles
and shadows when satyrs with fiery tongues spoke of rebellion


that would never come. Dark nights of redcaps, sluagh and
nockers plotting around the campfire. Lazy afternoons listening
to trolls, eshuand even pooka tell their stories in fields of flowers
and butterflies. Gloria hurried now because she feared that soon
mere talk would turn to war. Her people needed her, and she no
longer meant only commoners. Or only sidhe, for that matter.

The fortress was the same as she remembered, and as she
entered the main hall with its vaulted ceilings, Cruithne Alexis
was waiting for her. Gloria wasn'tsurprised to find the sage hadn't
aged a day. He looked at her with his peculiar eyes, greenish-gold,
like a cat. They gleamed in the light of the roaring fire.

"So you've returned, little boggan. In less time than I had
expected, Do you have what I required of you?"

Silently, the boggan placed a pouch at his feet, pulling out
its contents one by one. First she held up a scented book bound
in red cloth with silver laces. "These are the Annals of House
Fiona, the work of my own hand." As her fingers fanned the
pages, rosemary, lavender and lemon thyme scents wafted from
the handmade paper. Next she held up a green leather-bound
volume with golden clasps. Magnificent tooling graced the
cover with falcons, swords and ostrich plumes. "This is The Way
of House Guydion, written by many of their finest scholars." Her
hands then laid out a pile of envelopes, full of notes, clippings
and sketches. "House Liam are exiles and though they have
historians, none has put forth a bound history. These, however,
are their tales of a long and honorable past." The boggan
struggled with her next burden, thin sheets of gold pressed into
a raised pattern of wheels and hammers. Black ribbon bindings
were stark against the bright metal. Inside, the pages were plain,
the words neatly typed by a machine. "I had a great deal of
trouble deciphering the House Dougal code, or rather, getting
someone to do it for me," said the boggan. "But this is a genuine
copy of A Joumeyman's Guidebook to House Dougal, by Baron
Weyland." The boggan then pulled out a sheaf of papers tied
with string. "This is a handwritten copy of my travels with the
commoners, and of course I have the original. This lacks only
binding to make it complete." She paused.

"And what of the fifth house?" said the sage impatiently
"Have you brought me nothing of House Biluned?"

"Well, yes," she replied, finally holding out a black plastic
diskette. It looked alien and ugly in the medieval surroundings.

Cruithne sneered. "What is this toy? Where is the history
I desired?"

"That's it," she replied, "orat least as much as I could get of
On the Ways of House Eiluned by Dr. Thomas Lagarri. House
Eiluned, yousee, guards this manuscript more jealously than any
other house does their own. I couldn' figure how to break their
code. Butall yousaid I had to bring were the histories. You didn't
say they had to be books or anything. So I think that's a pretty
legitimate copy, considering." The boggan shrank into the floor
as much as she was able, catching sight of a cringing Marina just
out of the corner of her eye.

Cruithne Alexis stared at it fora long time. Then he began
to laugh, a throaty, hoarse laughter that made the boggan's hair
stand on end.

)

"Well, well, so it seems you have picked up some wisdom
over these past months," he said, finally stifling his mirth.
"Never fear, little one, I will find a way to read their secrets. So,
now I suppose you want to wear your original form once more?
No second thoughts? Don't tell me you're ashamed to be a
commoner now that you've walked in one's shoes."

The boggan looked down at her apple green slippers which
were decorated by bright clumps of purple silk lettuce. "No, I'm
not ashamed to be a boggan. But I am sorry for what the sidhe
have done and thought, If regain my true form, I swear by my
life's blood that I will do something to right the wrongs. I don't
mean forcing conservative commoners to become rebels, or
radicals to become complacent. Rather, I want to continue my
journeysas | have done, salving old wounds and building bridges
between nobleand commoner, Seelieand Unseeliealike. And..."
she glanced to Marina, "perhaps shake up the Shining Hosta bit
while I'm at it."

The sage threw a vial of blue liquid at her feet, and she
picked it up with a callused hand. "Drink the potion, little
boggan, and regain your stature once more," said Cruithne,
watching her closely.

Slowly and deliberately, she uncorked the vial, smelling
salt and something she couldn't put her finger on. The potion
was bitter, and only with difficulty did she swallow the whole
mess. And then she felt as if dozen ropes clenched at her flesh;
the pain was burning and seeped through her whole body. Biting
her lips, grinding her teeth, the girl didn't cry out; she'd be
damned if she showed the old sage how much it hurt. Presently,
the pain subsided, and Julia of House Fiona peered out of her
own eyes once more. Her garments were tattered; all that
remained whole were the green slippers on her feet. Julia turned
and started to disrobe when the hall door flew open.

There on the threshold stood a sidhe knight. An ebony
velvet surcote, beautifully embroidered with silver crescents,
hung over form-fitted leather armor. His black silky hair fell in
thick waves around his broad shoulders, and he stood even taller
than Julia. A naked sword was outstretched in his gloved hand.

"L knew it!" His voice rang out strong in the enormous hall,
and deep violet eyes pinned the girl in an accusing stare. "Iam
Sir Bartholomew Ashley, and youarea wretched thief! saw you
when you wore the form of a boggan, and you came into my
chambers, sneaking and skulking. Those shoes were the ones
you wore before. Hand over my stolen property, wench, or feel
the sting of my blade."

"Wench indeed)" cried Julia. "You foul spy! How long have
you been following us, eh? Tell me that, Sir Bart! Don't happen
to have any iron spikes in your cloak, do you? 1 might have
known Eiluned treachery would be at our heels." Her words were
a jibe, for no one could bear cold iron in the Dreaming. Then,
she saw the sidhe's expression.

Something in the knight's face caused Julia to shudder. It
was a bizarre mix of pain, regret and fury, and the sidhe knew
she'd struck a nerve. Though she well knew that iron could not
exist in the Dreaming, she pressed her attack. "So," she mur-
mured, with the feeling that some other force

Chapzer Five: Names, Faces and Places

i


tongue, "you have had cold iron upon your person, and perhaps
more than once you've wielded such metal in secret. What,
then, have you slain others before? Perhaps recently? Or even
some twenty-odd years in the past?" Julia's mind reeled in horror
even as the words left her lips. What am I saying? I never even got
apeekat the Eiltuned histories, and yet... Yes, 1 am certain this is rue.

Surely the Dreaming has intended for me to know this terrible secret

Sir Bartholomew's head snapped up. "Ours were not the
only hands bearing iton knives that fine spring day. And we
knew aright the Fiona were too cowardly to do what had to be
done. Sever the serpent's head, before it can strike!" The
knight's eyes narrowed. "You should not have stolen our book,
nor read it. Now your life is forfeit, asare those of this mortal and
commoner. I did not participate in that dark Beltaine, but
neither shall this secret be allowed to leave this room, for the
good of all Kithain, You speak of old days, best forgotten. But |
can see that you would not keep such things quiet. Kneel and
meet yourdeath bravely, and youshall know aswiftand merciful
end. Cause me to waste my time chasing you around, and [ will
see to it that you suffer greatly."

"Hah!" cried Julia, throwing Cruithne's footstool at the
Eiluned. He ducked easily and made to run her through

Suddenly, the scent of brimstone filled the great hall. And
Julia suddenly realized the reason she had always felt ill at ease
in the old castle; it was not necessarily built for human propor-
tions. The place was much more like a Gothic cathedral than a
defensible castle, and now she saw why. Cruithne Alexis was
gone, and in his place crouched a large, coiled dragon. The
ancient creature's hide was a mix of black and ochre red, and his
terrible eyes — they were no longer green flecked with gold, but
a mass of swirling, hypnotic colors. Julia looked away lest she
drown in their depths

"Children's night is over," "You, knight
of House Eiluned. Is the memory of yourkindso fleeting that you
have forgotten me, half-elf? Let me remind you, shall I?" He
reared, spreading wide his wings until the brushed the walls of
the vast hall. The wurm's bellowed words shook the stone and
threatened to burst Julia's eardrums.

"| am Cruithne Alexis, last of the line of Vermithrax,
Scourge of Denbigh, Riddlemaker, Gamemaster, Scarab Foe!
And iam yourbane, foolish trove-thief!" Ata wave of his talons,
the great doors crashed shut.

"Before the fall of Cordoba, before the rise of Alexandria,
before the first scroll was scribed in Carthage, Secret-Stealer,
your house and mine were at war."

Julia did not panic at sight of the drake, butshe saw Marina
quiveringand shaking, desperately trying not to bolt. She pulled
the satyr into her arms and pressed against a comer of the
fireplace wall. Behind her in the hall, Sir Bartholomew's laugh
held no fear.

wned the beast

"And tonight, the war is won, for | holda sword todouse any
drake's breath. Behold Wurmreaver, whose blade drank deep of
the blood of Silverwrath and all her clat

The dragon stilled for a moment, then lowered his great
head to peerat the weapon. Ifa dragon could grin, Cruithne did

so. "I know that blade well. I's true enough that it struck down
all of the blood of Silverwrath, for that was what it was forged to
do. Andneed I remind you, little changeling, that lam Cruithne,
of the line of Vermithrax?"

In the pregnant pause, Julia glanced up at the knight, who
stood with doubt and fear in his eyes. Then, resolve hardened his
features. He raised his blade and charged the dragon, a brilliant fiery
rnimbus surrounding his body and a warcry on his lips. Then all the
world was flame, and Julia shielded Marina as heat scorched her
bare skin and the inferno's roar drowned out all other sound.

The room was quiet. Julia looked around and saw Cruithne,
again the elderly sage, standing over a blackened, twisted wreck
of a knight at his feet. In the corpse's hand, Wurmreaver
gleamed, unmarred by the flame which had fused and warped
the knight's armor.

"And I also know that it was not by Sir Bartholomew's
tender hand that Silverwrath's line met its end." He pointed to
the sword, which shone with unnatural brilliance in the fire-
light. "Marina, please take the sword to the third vault. I cannot
touch it myself."

Julia stared, then laughed. "You lied to him! You said it
couldn't harm you! I thought dragons couldn't lie outright."

The sage regarded her with a look of wry amusement. "Yes,
Pve heard that bit of lore as well. But in this case, little faerie,
I did not lie. The sword killed a noble line of dragons. And
obviously, I am not of that line."

Julia laughed even harder. "But you implied that it could
only slay the others, not you! And he believed it!"

Cruithne smiled. "Ifnot believed, at least doubted. For the
sword to triumph, it requires a steadfast heart and unshakable
faith. For that moment, he lacked both. As he failed the sword,
so the blade failed him. Let that be a lesson to you, youngling
ha dragon at your own peril." His stare turned cold
once more. "Now, it is best that you leave, and do not come
again. Our bargain is at an end, and as a general rule, | dislike
noble faeries. You've been palatable enough, I suppose. Perhaps
in anothercentury or two might be willing to see youagain. But
for now, I'l settle fordealing with the satyr." He turned his back
on them and slowly climbed the stairs at the far end of the hall
Julia knew a dismissal when she saw one and pulled Marina
along with her out the door.

The sidhe set a pace as if a stout wind was at her back;
more than once she had to wait for her companion who
seemed to be dawdling.

"Hurry, we must rerurn home. Do you realize how much the
commoners would give to know of House Eiluned's deed?" As
she ran down the path from the keep, Julia did not see the small
disk of mica slip from her pouch. Marina stopped for just a
moment, examined the object and moved on; she recognized it
as a dragon scale, the shiny thing Cruithne Alexis had given
Julia to prevent the Mists from clouding her memories. Marina
left it lying where she saw it.

cross Wits W

Past Aldo's inn, Julia ran, sticking to the path, moving from
the lands of the Far Dreaming into the Near Dreaming. The

The Fools Luck: The Gay of che Commoner

Firchlis passed her, almost unnoticed. Then, before her, she saw
the gated entrance to the gardens near her home

"Wait!" called Marina, not the least bit out of breath. "Are
you ready to leave so soon? thought... Well, yousaid before that
once you were yourself again that..." Her hand wavered in the
air, and Julia took it.

"Aye, so I did, and so we shall return here to find the joy of
each other's company. Soon. I gave you my promise to stay with
you. But I must get word to the others. Don't you see?" As she
stepped through the morning glories into the mortal lands, Julia
missed the look of eternal regret on the satyr's face.

Soe

"{v's hard to believe it really happened now," sighed Julia,
as she brought coffee and scones into the bedroom. The Fool's
Luck: Journal of a Boggan of No Import, a rough, handwritten
work, lay strewn across the tousled covers.

"Yep," said Marina. "All your writing, too.
can'tremember how itall came about. The last thing | recall was
popping off into the Dreaming, coming back to find you were a
boggan and then dragging you around half the world to yack at
every commoner we could find. And then, getting you changed

back yesterday, I believe it was."

I'm sorry we

"Well, I certainly remember how to make good biscuits,"
laughed Julia. Then she sobered. "And I remember my promise,
to help make a lasting peace between all the kith. How could |
forget that? But it's the damndest thing," she continued, "that
suddenly have the most wretched worry about House Eiluned."

"Oh?" said Marina, her voice rising a note.

"Yes, Weird, huh? I mean, sure, they can be a bit standoff-
ish, but I've never had any trouble from them. But now...well,
st a feeling of deep concern. Perhaps there's some clues in
she said, pointing to the manuscript. "Ah well. Oops, look,
I forgot the sugar. Be back in a second." Julia scampered off,
leaving Marina alone

"[f the truth were known," whispered the satyr softly, "how
many innocent lives would be lost — Eiluned as well as com-
moner. You have sworn an oath, dear Julia, to build peace. Yet
if you let loose that terrible secret, then all your dreams would
turn to ashes. Forgive me this one lie, and may there be no others
between ws."

The satyr ate a scone smeared with strawberry jam and
wondered what else she could come up with to amuse her sidhe
companion.




RS

LD

5G
SSIES

G0
oy.

oe
IGS

ments, thet

Sacyr Highwayman

long the coach roads I did ride because they

thin

Twas a highwayman.
With swor

Many a young maid lost he

id pistol by my sid

bles to my trade

; whole kingdo
Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade

—The Highwaymen, The Highwayman
Quote: Stand and deliver, jackass

Background: Your
coun

a punk and a troublemaker. You were a prime candidate for gang next potenti

petty vandalism on your own. car, chimeric
During the summer, your folks would drop you off at the dollar eyemask, pist
theater and forget about you for the afternoon. [twas dullsville most of cash and d
me of the movies were ancient, and one or two were
Youusually had th
and the usher was usually too busy making out with the concessions
attendant to clear you out of the theater. Between showings, you'd
daydream your way into the story. You discovered you liked some

of the tim

even older than youwe een all to yourself,

of the old movies, particularly Zorro, the Lone Ranger, and the
Three Musketeers. It wasn't the idea of doing good and righting
that tured you on. Instead you liked thought of

wron|
outwitting and outfighting The Man.

It was on on

particular aftemoon, as Robin Hood
defeated the Sheriff of Nottingham, that everything
changed. You imagined that itwas you with the sword,

making yourprincipal begformercy, and then BOOM!
the world shifted. Another of your kith followed the
Glamour trail straight to you and set about teaching

you about beinga changeling. You ran away forthe

last time, and a few cancrips ensured the parental
units wouldn't come looking for you.

A year later, a few locals gathered to
see you Sained. The baron who pre
sided was the most arrogantfop you'd
ever met (worse even than your
principal). It wasn't long before
you embarked on you new life of
crime, acting out your theater fan-

Robbingdrunkenknightsearned

din

no challe
from the count's reeve was something
else entirely. The thrill as that
litele boggan toady cow-

money, but presented

Lifting that shipment of dross

ered before your
blade! The chal-
lenge of eluding the

knightsand thanes scouring the county for you! To L os

walk around in broad daylight, scorning the price

on your head! You were hooked.

Manycommonersanda ew romanticsamong
the nobility see you as a dashing and virtu-
ous righter of wrongs. Though
you have your Errol Flynn mo-

and sin

Roleplaying hin
blade and a word, and you like nothing t
humiliate the rich and pompous. Enjoy the spoils, but always keep

nip, except that you preferred to pull pranks and commit Eqdipments Fest

's nothing of Robin Hood in you; while you get a

hers called you a problem kid. The —aneyeoutforescape routes,
lor said you were antiauthoritarian. Your parents called you undercover knightsand the

ial heist

al rapier,
ol, stash
dross

You are dashin;

xe

just waiting to share the wealth

ter than to spit

k

bringing a vaunted noble to his knees, you rob from the rich mostly
the ones with money. Of course, money isn't every-

youdivesteda youngsidhe maiden of something other

than her purse the duchy has been too hot for comfort. Still, there's a

and daring, quick with a

and

The Way of the

Name: Court: "Unseelie Seeming: "Wilder
Player: Legacies: Outlaw/"Wayfarer Kith: Satyr
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
Acoribuces =
Physical Social (MDencal
Strength, @@@00 Charisma____ @@@00 Perception.

Dexterity. @ Manipulation. ©0000 Intelligence.
Stamina OO Appearance 0000 Wits.
Kboilicies——
Talencs Skills Knowledges

Alertness. Crafts. 00000 Computer___ @0000

Athleti Drive. @@000 Enigmas 00000

Brawl Etiquet 00000 Gremayre__________.@®000

Dodge Firearms 00000 Investigation__@0000.

Empathy Leadership. 00000 Law. @0000

Intimidation, Melee. ©0000 Linguistics. 00000

Kenning. Performance. 00000 Lore. 00000

Persuasion, Security. @@000 Medicine___ 00000

Streetwise, Stealth, @@000 Politics 00000

Subterfuge, Survival. OOOO Science. felelelele}

— /\dvancages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms

Chimera 0000 Chicanery e@@000 Actor e000

Mentor ee000 Legerdemain @0000 ‘Fae @@000

"Resources 0000 ‘Wayfare e0000 ‘Prop @0000
00000 0000, 00000

00000 00000

Glamour -Healch

@@e02e@000000, .,
g900000000 gv

Ocher Traics

1

: Injured -l
ittpower Wounded -2
2

5

@@00000000 Mauled
9000000000 Crippled

Incapacitated
‘Banalicy' =Bixchrighcs/ Frailcies=
©00000000D Gee of Pan. Physical

gnoogogog ooo od Prowess/Passion's Curse
Experience: L]

cooooocoa

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =


Cshu Gamer

Quote: I don't care what it says on page 122! I'm running this game
Background: You cut your teeth on pulp fantasy — Howard, Burroughs, Derleth
— and soon progressed to hard-core fantasy; you read Lord of the Rings when you
were seven. On your ninth birthday, a distant cousin gave you a first edition of
The Lion, The Witch and the drobe. You'd read it
before, but this copy bore Lewis' autograph! You raced
upstairs and read through the entire book without
coming up for air. The characters were even more vivid
and magical than you remembered. And the feeling of
magic didn't go away when you closed the book. You looked up
and saw your cousin standing in the door, her eyes glowing with laughter hidden
behind a filmy veil. She told you tales of the Kithain and of the eshu and filled your
head to bursting with her stories.
When you were ten, your brother and his friend discovered fantasy role-
playing games. Though you were sure you knew more about
fantasy than all of them put together, they wouldn't let you 4
join in. Cursed with the double stigma of being a girl and too
young for their interest, they'd tell you to be quiet or send you
away. You pestered they guys as only a little sister can, and finally they
relented, ifonly toshut you up. The players, though halfa decade older than
you, were amazed at how good you were. You could stay in character, and
you came up with better and more elaborate personae than they could. You
even got them to let you run a game, and you've been in demand eversince.
So now you are a gamii ith personality. Forget dolls, you want
miniatures. Your parents are a little concerned with your
ion, but your cousin assures them everything's

Roleplaying Hints: Things in the mundane
world don't interest you that much. But when the
conversation runs to fantasy or gaming, you go on
and on about it. After all, who needs reality
when fantasy is so much more fun?

Equipment: Rulebooks, dice, painted
miniatures, a magical stereo that plays
music appropriate to whatever mood suits
the game.


he Way of the

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Childling
Player: Legacies: Sage/TPandora Kith: Eshu
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
On CD
Aecribuces—
Physical Social MDencal

Charisma, @@000 Perception __________@@000

Strength,

Dexterity, Manipulation. ©0000 Intelligence. 0000
Stamina Appearance. 00000 Wits e000.
D\ hee? oo

———————— Abiliries —
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Crafts 00000. Computer, @@000
Athletics @0000 00000 Enigmas,
Brawl @0000 Etiquette. @@000 Gren
Dodge @0000 Firearms 00000 Inve: 00000
Empathy. ©0000 Leaders! @0000 Law__ 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Linguistics___ 00000
Kenning @0000 Lore. @0000
Persuasion Se 00000 Medicine_________ 077000
Streetwise 00000 Stea 0000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge @0000 Survival 00000 Science. 00000
Advancages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
<Oreamers e000 Chicanery @0000 Actor e000
Mentor e0000 Legerdemain @0000 Scene @0000
00000 Seothsay @@000 Time @@000
00000 00000 00000

O0000

00000 0000

Ocher Traits == Glamour Heatch_————
Real Chimerical
eeeees0000, My
NQOOOOO00RO0O0 1a Q
, Injured 1a a
—— Witpower Wounded -2 Q Q
@@@0000000 Mauled 2 Qa Qa
9900000000 Crippled 5 QO
Incapacitated a Q

=Ravaging/Dusing Threshold = ———=Banalicy====_ = Birchrighcs/Frailcies=
PODVVVOOO0OD O  Spiric Pathways. Talecraft/

=) 7 OO00000000 ‘Recklessness
Cxperience: [

SISENESIEEINSEMNEE MNES IEE NSS ISS ICH


Stuagh QDorcician

Quote: The police were clumsy. I found the needle mark, plain as the moon. But 'll
be discreet, provided the new count proves more...generous than his predecessor. <dab.
dab> You see? Like new.

Background: Face it, no eight-year-old aspires to be a mortician when he grows
up. You decided twelve. That was when your uncle had his coronary. The
contorted body held a sick fascination for you; you watched it for hours as it cooled and
turned waxy. Rigor mortis was just setting in when your parents came home. Poor folks,
they said you were never quite right after that experience, and they sent you to several
counselors and shrinks. None could help you, for you weren't traumatized; you had
discovered your true nature. It wasn't long after you changed that others crawled out
of the dark corners to introduce you to your new life — the life of a sluagh.

Your passion was death, and you knew a job as a medical examiner was the
perfect thing for you. Unfortunately, you couldn't hack med school. It wasn't the
blood or the tedious studying, of course, but the fact that you weren't cut out for
the college life — too loud, too bright. So you apprenticed with a sympathetic
undertaker who was so pleased with your interest that he didn't dwell too long
on your idiosyncrasies. A quick study, you spent your free time reading books
© n forensic pathology and the philosophical nature of death.

You were perusing a medical text as you looked over a young
man who had jumped from a bridge. You found it most surprising
and quite delightful when a willowy voice informed you that he had
been pushed. Elated with this new discovery, you were eager to listen
to his tale of woe. With the information he gave you, an anonymous

call to the police eventually put the murderer behind bars. In turn, the
grateful wraith peeked in on the annoying Sir Trotwhollop and relayed
to you some very choice tidbits indeed. That, as they say, was the beginning of
a beautiful friendship.

Since then, you've acquired your own successful funeral parlor anda spiritual spy
ring, More than a few of your clients aren't quite ready to go gently into that good
night and are happy someone in the skinlands can still see them. You make a habit
of tidying up unfinished business for them, and they are usually quite generous in
assisting you in their own way. What's more, the living occasionally do you favors

Roleplaying Hints: Unfailingly polite, you have the "compassionate solem-
nity" look down toascience. Sometimes it'sall you can do to maintain that look,
listening to friends and relatives saying what they really thought about the
deceased, and hearing the wraith's scathing retorts

Equipment: Pocket tape recorder, bone saw, magnifying glass, worn
anatomy books.


"The Way of the Commoner

Name: Court: "Unseelie Seeming: "Wilder
Player: Legacies: Facalist/ Hermit Kith: Sluagh
Chronicle: Title: Motley:

Physical Social Mencal
Strength. @@000 Charisma Perception,

Dexterity. @@000 Manipul Intelligence.
Stamina, @@000 Appearance. Wits,
, Se a,
Noilicies
Talenzs Skills Knoulledges
Alertness, @0000 Crafts. @0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 Drive 00000 @0000
Brawl 00000 Etiquette @e000 0000
Dodge. 0000 Firearms 00000 Investigation ___@@eeo
Empathy. ©0000 Leadership. 00000 Law. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics 00000
Kenning @0000 Performance 00000 Lore 0000
Persuasion. @@000 Security. 00000 Medicine____—— @@#00.
Streetwise, 00000 Stealth. @0000 Politics____00000
Subterfuge. @@000 Survival. ©0000 Science. @0e000
Advancages =
Backgrounds Arcs Realms

Contacts ec0eeo Legerdemain @0000 Actor @0000
"Resources @0000 Soothsay e000 Scene @0000

00000 00000 ‘Time e000

00000 00000 00000

00000 0000 0000

Glamour —— Health

=— Orcher Traits ——

e@e@ee@eooo0o0oo Real Chimerical
Oo000000g000 Bnised Q a
Hurt 1a a
A Injured 1 a a
—— Uillpouicr Wounded -2 a
@©@0@08@00000 Mailed eae a
Q000000000 Crppled 5 9 Qa
Incapacitated Q a

=Ravaging/ using Theesholi= ————=Banalicy==—=_ = Birchrighcs/Fraitcies=
© 000000000 squirm, Sharpened Senses/

g Curse of Silene
Experience[ 9000000000 urse of Silence


ON Quote: Nope, haven't seen him around here in a while. What
vA) ‘Troll Barcender should I tellhim when I see him? Alright, bye. *click* Hey, Pete, your
y Let's go down to the Sunset Grill wife called again.

Background: Your career as a warrior was brutally short; it
ended with one leg lost to the maw of a cragworm. An older
troll offered youa job behind the bar athis freehold, The Areful
Codger. You didn't feel wiping down the bar was as important
as defending freehold, but your options were limited. Trying
to salvage some honor, you threw yourself into the job, and
soon found you enjoyed it. You got pretty good at bartending
and formed a rapport with the local fae regulars — Seelie
commoners, all. After a couple of years, your mentor came to
you one day and said he had tired of the view and was heading
west. He left his freehold in your capable hands

And watch the working girls go by
There'san old man there from the Old World
To him, it's all the same

Calls all his customers by name

— Don Henley, Sunset Grill

You renamed it Common Ground and let it be known,
that all were welcome — noble, common, $
otherwise. You also made it clear that anyone who
caused trouble, particularly political trouble, would
be deeply sorry. You swore to defend the bar, the
people who relied on it and the principles of

coexistence. Soon, the Common
Ground was a popular meeting
<q place; though sidhe are still a
rarity, members of every kith
come in to blow off steam and
enjoy themselves.
Then, the new baron
* came toyouwithastartling
proposition. He needed a reeve to
actasa liaison with the commoners in
his barony; he wanted someone the
populace trusted. You told him your oath was to your
freehold and those who used it, and to none other;
astoundingly, he said he didn't require an oath, for
your loyalty was right where it needed to be
After some consideration, you agreed. At first,
business slacked a bit; after all, some regarded you as
a sell-out. With time, they realized you were the
same old guy, and better able to get them more of
asay in court. Presently, you are in a position of
great influence; you have the baron's ear, and
the commonersstill respect you. You wouldn't
think ofabusing your privilege; you would be
just as content running the bar, but your
duty lies with your patrons.

Roleplaying Hints: Give your patrons
what they need, whether it's a sympathetic
ear, a new joke, or a Whiskey Collins. Don't
stand for fighting or cantrips in your bar.

Equipment: Mr. Boston™ Bartender's
Guide, bar towel, tip jar.
cat that can sense when cantrips
—~ are being used.

Shimerical bar


| |

r

e Seeming: Grump
egent/"Wretch Kith: Troll

Player:

Chronicle: Title: ‘Knight Motley:

o> ———
> WNecriouces
Physical Social Mencal
Strength. @0e0e0 Charisma @eee0 Perception. e00e0
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence__ 0000
Stamina. @eee@0 Appearance. @@000 Wits eee00
A he Re
= Noilicies:
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness Crafts 00000. Computer. 00000
Athletics Drive. @@000 Enigmas___00000
Brawl. Etiquette. @0000 Gremayre____ 00000
Dodge. Firearms, @0000 Investigation ____———s ®@0000
Empathy. Leadership. @0000 Law @0000
Intimidation, Melee @@0@00 Linguistics__________00000
Performance. 00000 Lore_______00000
Security, @0000 Medicine ©0000
ise Stealth, 00000 Politics @@000
Subterfuge. OOO0OO Survival OO00O Science__00000
Advancages ——$————
Backgrounds Arcs Realms

"Remembrance e0000 Primal e@000 Actor @e@000
"Resources @ee@00 Sovereign e0@000 ‘fae @0000
Title @e@000 00000 Scene @@000
00000 00000 00000

00000 00000 00000 ‘LE

Ocher Traics —= Glamour ————Heat h ——
Lame (3-point Flaw) e@e@e0000000 Real Chimerical
ps — Bruised Qa QO
—— 9000000000 10 Q
- Injured 1 Qa oO
= Willpower Wounded 2 Q
@©0@000800000 Mailed 2<a Qa
Q000000000 Crippled 5 GQ @
Incapacitated 4 a

Banalicy =Bixchrighcs/Frailcies=
©0008 B00000 Titan's Power, Scubbornness/

Sw googooooooRg Bond of Outy
Cxperience: [|
2

east

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =


Kt
4 Re é, Ri fs Round Top? You saw every war movie
N edcap CCNaCTOR what you saw, charging up hills and taking imaginary bunk
thousands of imaginary Germans, Yankees, and Gauls.
You were in high school when a chapter of the Association for
flank. And then spearmen pop out ofthe woods to our rear! Ifiggered we were Medieval Study was founded in a nearby college. You saw people in
vone. Lsmilesat Hanulf, andhesmilesatme. This atmormade from carpetand old street signs, wielding wooden swords,
that we bked to call "The Manes? and you decided that was where you wanted to be. The people in the
[AMS were impressed by your knowledge and skill, to say nothing of
your enthusiasm in tourneys and on the field. You emerged victorious

+ made, and the

Quote: No shit, there we were. M
towards the Red Banners, when Hanulf

1) were marching

y compa

ints out the u1

rushing up our

outnumbered about fiv

was a perfect time to tr
Background: War was in your blood, even as a child. Military

history enthralled you. The whys of war, the policies behind conflict,

‘chattle, if your first tournament. Flushed with the victory, you knele before

held no interest for you. It's how they maneuvered around th

vad how they got that way. Did the local baron toclaim your prize. The world began tospin, and when

you looked up, the king was...blue.

thing? What inspired Chamberlain to attempt the Shortly after your Saining came the Resurgence. When war was
maneuveratLittle declared, you were more than ready to join in. While your first battles

were losses, you acquitted yourself well and quickly became a

captain. Though respecting the sidhe's grasp

of tactics, you were determined that they

should not triumph. You trained your

field, the victors and the defe:

William the Bastard really feign a retr Hastings, or was it the real

company whenever you had the oppor-
tunity, and before long the sight of your
company on the field would put fear into
your enemy. You always considered be-
ing the chief target for arrows and
cantrips a mark of distinction and
honor, anyway

Well, the Accordance War is
over...for the moment. In the mean-
time, you've continued indulging
your love of history, fighting by day
f and telling war stories by night. In
addition tothe AMS, you'reacard-
carrying member of reenactor
guilds for the Civil War,
Mountain Man and Revolu-
tionary War. And when
bragging in front of mor-
tals gets old, you can tip
back afew and reminisce
about the good old days
with your buddies at
the VAW meeting
hall

Roleplaying
hints: War is
your meat and
drink. When you
Y pasticipate in it,
you like to talk
aboutit. Causesand rea-
sons don't interest you
+ much. You justlike to fight
Equipment: Military
history book, two or three chi-
merical soldiers from whatever
period you're thinking about at
the moment, several weap-
ons.

Court: Seelie

Ie

Seeming: Grump

Player: Legacies: Paladin/"Beast Kith: Redcap
Chronicle: Title: Motley:
\epion -
Aecribuces=
Physical Social Mencal
Strength ©0000 Charisma @@000 Perception e0ee00
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation, 0000 Intelligence e000
Stamina @@000 Appearance @@000 Wits eece0
mt e
: Noilizies
Talencs Skills Knoulledges
Alertness @0000 Crafts 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. @0000 Drive. @@000 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl. Etiquette @0000 Gremayre 0000
Dodge. Firearms @0000 Investigation, 00000
Empathy. Leadership @0000 Law. @0000
Intimidation, @0000 Melee ©0000 Linguistics 00000
Kenning 00000 Performance. 00000 Lore. 0000
Persuasion, 0000 Security @0000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth 00000 Politics 0000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival. O000O Science. 00000
Advanicages
Backgrounds Arcs Realms
Chimera e000 Primal ee0e00 Actor e000
Oreamers 0000 ‘Wayfare e0000 ‘Fae @e@000
‘Resources @@000 00000 ‘Nature 0000
00000 00000 00000

00000

0000

00000

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =

Banalicy

Experience: ees]
. Hit

@@e@ee@00000
QO00000000

—— Ocher Traics —— Glamour —Healch

Real Chimerical

Be eae a ee oO

OOO0O0000000 Hare 1 0 Q

d Injured = -1 a

Witfpowsr Wounded 2 a

@@0080@00000 Mailed 2 a Q

90900000000 Crippled 5 G 4

Incapacitated a Oo

=Bixchrighcs/Frailcies=

Oark Appetite. Gully
browbeat/Bad Attitude

ISSTSSOES

pe et te,

SR


ws Boggan Doula

Quote: Don't thank me; you did all che work. Besides, this isn't a job, it's what keeps me going.

Background: When deliveringand raising your own kids, the word doulanever entered your mind. Having babies wasa stressful
but happy business, and though none of your little ones ever underwent a Chrysalis, you loved them alll the same and gave them
childhood full of magic and wonder. That was a long time ago, and you're much older now. But you still love the excitement that
surrounds bringing new life into the world. Becominga doctor ora nurse was a bit too Banal for you, but then you heard about doulas,
The name comes from the Greek word for an honored female servant who helped the lady of the house through childbearing
Modern-day doulas are caregivers, advisors and loving nurturers who work with expectant moms and dads to make the whole
process more pleasant and memorable. They give massages, keep written records and help with all the little details that get
overlooked during the most hectic hours of childbirth, and yet they don'thave to provide medical orclinical skills. Youwere thrilled
at the chance to work with people on such wonderful occasions, so you signed up for a training session, apprenticed and became
certified in less than a year. So far, it's been a great experience, and your reputation asa doula is spreading. Even some of the other
fae are stopping and taking notice at the unique way you've found to bask in the joy of mortals. You know you're aging more and
more each day, but it's certain that you would have faded long before now had you not become a doula.

Roleplaying Hints: Be organized and efficient, but also kind and personable. People use your servic

and you encourage their faith by going the extra mile every time, Don't be afraid to disagree with a medical opinion if
the prospective parents balk at some unnecessary hospital rule that has
nothing to do with the care and safety of patients. You've got an even
temper, but when you get irked, it's not a pretty sight, so remember to
take disagreements out of mom's hearing range. Your clients, the
parents and infant, come first, and as long as their best interests are
being served, you're content. Take every opportunity to keep moms
and dads informed about procedures, what's happening and how
things are proceeding
Equipment: Notebook, pager, camera, quick-reference text, small
cooler with drinks and snacks.

because they trust you,


The Way of the Commoner

Name: Court: Seelie Seeming: Grump

Player: Legacies: Gumphin/ Beast Kith: Goagan

Chronicle: Title: Motley:

Physical Social Dencal

Strength, @@000 Charisma @e0e0 Perception 0000

Dexterity. @@@00 Manipulation. @0eee0 Intelligence @@000

Stamina. @@@00 Appearance. @@000 Wits @ee@00

Abilicies—
Talents Skills Knouuledges

Alertness @0000 Crafts @0000 Computer. e000

Athletics 00000 Drive @@000 Enigmas @@000

Brawl 00000 Etiquette ©0000 Gremayre. e000

Dodge 0000 Firearms 00000 Investigation, 00000

Empathy. ©0000 Leadership, 00000 Law. 0000

Intimidation. @0000 Melee 00000 Linguistics 0000

Kenning 000 Performance 00000 Lore. 00000

Persuasion. @@000 Security. 00000 Medicine. @@000

Streetwise 00000 Stealth. 00000 Politics. 00000

Subterfuge. 00000 Survival, 00000 Science. e@0000

Advancages =
Backgrounds Arcs Realms

Contacts 0000 Primal e@e@000 Actor @0000

Resources e0000 Soothsay 0000 ‘Fae @0000
00000 00000 Scene @@000
00000 00000 00000

00000

0000

0000

=Ravaging/CDusing Threshold =

Banalizy'

Experience: [

a
)

@@@eee00000
OQOO0000000

ieee entree CLE OE OL OEE
LSS ISSMES MESES NES INSS NES ISS IDOE

=——— Ocher Traits == Glamour Healch—=

Real Chimerical

0000000000 ,,.,

gaqqggg0ggg00 je ea 4

i Injured 1 Qa a

Willpower Wounded 2 Q

@©@0@0@0@00000 Mailed 2 Qa a

90009000000 Crippled 5 0 a

Incapacitated Q

=Birchrighcs/Frailcies=

Crafework, Soctal Oynamies/
Call of the "Needy



eet fh.
a) Frans (i)
: ike = :

iP
AHPC LATE)


IOI CSI OSS OSI OSI OSS OSI OD IOSIO

(P1Z-keys, sing. piskey) \

s kith. They enjoy
setting up residence fora few years, working and socializing with both mortalsand

Solitary and semi-nomadic, the piskies are a rest

Kithain, then moving on to new adventures. The piskies are especially fond of
children, and they tend to befriend youngsters in need of a pal ora defender. Piskies get
ike then
migrant workers, traveling with circuses or hopping trains with hoboes. The

on well with humans, particularly nomad: elves. Many prefer living near

nour of mortals soaking in new sights and sensations,
make judgments about tattered clothing or
Seelie piskies believe in the inhe

piskies bask in the C

and members of this kith ne'
|

and fae; they are trusting and perhaps a bit naive. Unseelie piskies are much

nt goodness of most mortals

simple n

more jaded and cynical, never afraid to use biting sarcasm

hey are useful messengers and guides, and don't shirk from hard work;
often, they'll labor alongside their mortal friends in the fields, orchards or
quarries, quick to climba tree or crawl into ac smay lack
the eloquence of the eshu and the wisdom of the satyrs, but they are warmhearted
members of the commoner ranks.

vice if need be. Pi

entle-natured Kithain have a flaw, though, it's their too-nimble

fingers. Piskies can't resist picking up a trinket from an open bag ora fresh baked
loaf of bread from a windowsill. What's more annoying is how absent-minded
they are about the whole affair; one will quickly forget that he's just

oured someone else's lunch and even feign innocence if caught red

handed. Unseelie piskies tend to get quite touchy and hot tempered about

this character flaw .
Appearance: Most piskiesare easy tospot because oftheirbeautitul /

OG

Ww

silver hair; both males and females tend to wear it long, often in braids.
Pis

weather bea

s also have olive-brown skin that gets more craggy, lined and
en with age. Their eyesare huge and luminescent, usually gray
1s are large and pointed. Members of this kith ran;
four to five feet, usually with solid, muscular builds. Piskies tend to wear s

or green, while th in height from

eral layers of

clothing, usually tattered, in earthy tonessuch as rust, gold or moss. Most carry a basic pack

of tools, a supply of jerky and a random trinket or two.
Lifestyles: Piskies tend to frequent places where nomads like themselves can be

found; these include migrant communities, train depots, airports, tinker caravans and

circuses. Often, a piskey in her mortal form will join a group of migrant workers or a

traveling carnival for a few years, settle in place she likes, then move on with a new cadre

of wanderers when she gets bored. Piskies are friendly to everyone and especially kind to

children. Many the penniless child has had a good meal in his belly thanks to the generosity

of a piskey.

Childlings are quite cute, with bright eyes and big smiles. Their skin is smooth and
lighter in color than it will be later in their lives. They develop wanderlust early, often
e of

running away from home, much to the terror of their parents. Most have a good set

direction and come back safe and sound when they're ready, usually before dinnertime.

Unseelie childlings, however, feel little guilt at stealing money from their dads wallet or

staying out for days on end.

Wilders have darker skin with many laugh lines, dimples and the first creases of aging. )
This is the most joyous time of a piskey's life, when she wanders freely and without care; the (

OX 114
oun.

SI ICSACICSCIGSINGSISS.... Ss

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Commoner

Vwi

world is her oyster. Wilders usually seek out groups of mortal
nomads to befriend at this stage in their lives, and while they do
settle in spots they like, the length of time tends to be shorter
than that of grumps.

Grumpsstill travel a great deal, but their sojourns in one
place tend to be much more extended than that of wilders.
The piskey's skin is now quite dark and craggy; ears are tufted
with silver hair, males wear long beards and backs are slightly
bent from age and labor. Grumps still have bright eyes,
though, and a penchant for letting children or others in need
pour out their troubles.

Affinity: Actor

Birchrights

Nimble — lll piskies add one to their Dexterity, even if
this raises the Trait above 5; this Birthright is in effect at all
times.

Human Bonds — Piskies are especially sensitive to the
emotions of human: arly children. The difficulty of any
Empathy rolls when dealing with mortals is reduced by two for
adults and three for children, to a minimum of difficulty 3.

Piskies are also incredibly adaptable to their surroundings
and cannot botch any Survival rolls.

Frailcies

Kleptomania — If piskies see something that strikes their
fancy; they simply have ta have ic. Note'charthisdoes't have
to be anything terribly valuable by human standards; a pretry
rock paperweight could be just as interesting toa piskey asa gold
watch. To resist this impulse, the player must make a successful
Willpower roll, difficulty 8. Most Seelie piskies give back stolen
property with no hard feelings; an Unseelie ppiskey may be a
different matter entirely.

Quoce

Did | ever tell you about the time I got hired by the greatest
show on earth? No? Here, have a piece of jerky and let me regale
you with the tale of Megan the Great, Mistress of the High Wire.

Tom Franklin shares his grub and his mind:
On Boggans — Nice folks, real helpful and all that.
Like us, they seem to enjoy the company of others a great
deal. Their gossip can sometimes be a bore, though.

On Eshu — These adventurous storytellers are de-
lightful companions; they love the open road and never
refuse a chance to see something new. But watch out for
their daredevil streak.

On Nockers —Maybesome of ushave sharp tongues,
but by gum, ours aren't barbed like the nockers! Do they
ever dig for their own worms? Doubtful.

On Pooka — Pooka are real fun to talk with, but just
be ready to jump ship at a moment's notice when they pull
out their pranks. The little ones are terribly cute and can
provide hours of amusement.

On Redcaps — I once saw a pack of mad dogs, and
damn me if 1 wasn't reminded of the redcaps. They're
vicious fools without a kind, generous bone in their
bodies.

On Satyrs —They'te pretty thingsand frisky to boot;
theysingsome of the best traveling ballads I've everheard.
But many times they don't know when to calm down and
take a break.

On Sidhe — Physically, they are perfection, but
many don'tseem to realize there'sa great big world beyond
their castles and parties. That's even more sad when you
consider they may have only one chance to live.

On Sluagh — While rather selfish and melancholy,
these folks are sometimes willing to share good tales. You
never know when having a sluagh friend might really
come in handy

On Trolls — Trolls are probably the most depend-
able people around. Don't let that stodgy exterior stop you
from seeing their big hearts and rock-hard determination.


(SPRIG-un)

Everything lovable about the piskies is despicable in the
they're hateful, greedy little bastards. Most are
exceptionally cruel and play nasty tricks on downtrodder
mortals. Not afew hang out with the most vicious redcapsa

Il manner of terrible deeds. Generally la

engag
are good at only one thing: guarding treasure. Thisis why the worst
of the Unseelie and Shadow Court members bother to keep them
around at all.

Spr

Seelie piskies are shocked and revolted by these evil
Thallain cousins. Sometimes, the nastiest Unseelie piskies
will hang out with the spriggan; a few even join their ranks.
Needless to say, all Seelie and most Unseelie piskies tend to
a dim view of the spriggan in general and don't tolerate
their presence for long. Fortunately, spriggan are relatively
rare among the Thallain.

What strikes fear into both Seelie and Unseelie Kithain
alike is the spriggan's penchant for kidnapping. When a human
young one is taken, of course it's tragedy, and many fae will be
willing to assist in the rescue. But the terror increases when
the child is a changeling. The birth of a faerie soul into a
human child is, of course, a wondrous and happy event. For
such a child to be taken by the spriggan and mentally
tormented is cause fora seek and destroy mission against the
kidnapper. Ninety-nine percent of the time, the child is
found safe, if a bit cold and hungry. But dark and ancient
legends speak of a few fae little ones that have not been
rescued in time. If such an awful event was to occur in the
present, the spriggan probably would be hunted to the ends
of the earth and the Dreaming

Appearance: Spriggan look like uglier versions of
piskies. Rather than having large, bright ey
spriggan are small and beady. All seemings have the dark cragey
skin ofa piskey grump. Moreover, spriggan lack the lustroussilver
hair of the piskies; theirs is a dull gray, often hanging in m:
tangles. Spriggan smell bad and generally wear filthy clothes.

Affinity: I

those of the

1
ed

Top

Birchrighcs

Stalwart Guardians — All spriggan may add +2 to their
Willpower when they accept an a
They will do everything possible to keep the treasure safe. After

the job is finished, their Willpower reverts to its original level.

ignment to guard something.

Sturm und Drang — With a successful Manipulation +
Kenning roll, spriggan can cause fearsome rain and hail storms; the
more successes, the nastier the storm. One success, forexample, might
causea quick spring shower, while five successes could draw astorm that

would damage crops and homes

Commoner


Frailcies

Bad Nappers — Spriggan love to kidnap children. Gener-
ally, they don't harm their victims, other than a little taunting
and teasing; what the spriggan enjoy most is the mayhem and
terror this causes for both the youngsters and their parents.
Kidnapping Kithain children is a real treat for these terrible
Thallain, particularly if the child is sweet and good.

Quoze

Awww, poor widdle thing. Did we spill your water? Too bad
there's no more to be had today. How do you feel about that, you
stinking pooka brat?

Ouclooks

Gwen Tanglethorn gnaws the bones and chews the fat

On Boggans they ne
their baby fat, never cut real teeth. Fun for a laug
nothing close to sport.

On Eshu
appreciative. Set me teeth on edge, they do.

On Nockers — I'd probably not set after a_nocker
unless I was truly hurting for entertainment. Four times out

Almost too easy

Hard ones to hoodwink and not very

of five, if somethin' needs guarding, a nocker's the source.

On Pooka—Ripe sport. Oh, the looks on their poor
puppy faces when they realize it's not fun anymore!

On Redeaps — It's so nice to have a bigger brother
looking out for you... well, they don't care much about 1s,
butas longas they share in our games, they'll be our friends.

On Satyrs — They think they're so wonderful, that
everyone loves them. Hah! News flash, goat, maybe we
play too rough for you.

On Sidhe — Step quietly around their Lordships
They might not care much for the commoner brats, but
even look sideways at one of theirs, and... uurggh...

On Sluagh

neakersand snoops. Atleast they know
enough to realize we don't want trespassers in our holes
On Trolls — All the worst about the Sidhe and then
some. Spider Jak once tried for a troll's ward, more fool he
There's no mercy in them for the likes of us.


connected to the| Shadow)
places of Dav: d

revolution: Freedomif

The Way of the
provides a comp!
their time of self-rule\

and play the commoner,
Year of the Reckoning.

oncordia, a tenuous peace has
7s — particularly those

ie shadows and hidden

inthe way of

The Fool's Luck: The Way of che Eommoner includes:
@ New Merits, Flaws and Treasures, and two new commoner kith: the Spriggan and the Piskies
@ Detailed information on playing commoner characters in a Changeling chronicle

@ The first in the Year of the Reckoning series
Be
Feit Ny,

Came STUDIO Won Ree soning

N

te:
