# File: Freak Legions - Player's Guide To Fomori.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

SIcak, tu ion:

RW .
‘ \

An




SORRY, tm JUST
ALY PESLING.

SEK AND IT TOOK

ALONG Time 1
Serres.


WHAT O1D HE wouDess|. Ig
80700 Tans wren HE
Save THe WoRms>


IME, 1M BETTING HE FELT STRONG] i

Z rd SS Taras Fre
Tenow 1 om wren) fa of Ser wie Oren

~ Innkereneo 10 me} MR FF YOUR CHEST.

~~ = acacasa
\ Seer

STK THERES A TRE WHER

Wey TO REA
AGAIN, ANO THE PAIN RETURNS.

s
DROS Re a?


THE COPS ARE iy THE

{ afenenGanys mnestine )
A ih, CHARGE: rane ante |


BB) co were Coes Mat Lene POOR HORT]

Pi aaeToN wey


ae

Zak, rs Buide to Somori™

Revolt of the Flesh

fd


et fh

Credits

Authors: Steve Brown, Pil Brcato, John Scott Bur-
rows, Jackie Cassada, Jim Comer, Lacien Dark, Beth
Fuchi, Christopher Howard, Jean Lindberg, Jin Moore,
‘Nicky Rea, Richard Waets

Developer Bill Bridges

aioe: Ethan Skemp

‘Art Director: Richard Thomas

Comic hook art: Steve Prescott

Interior art: Mike Chaney, Anson Madiocks, Matt
Milbergr, & SCAR seaon

Front and back cover design: Aileen E. Miles

‘Typesetting & Layout: Matt Milberger

GAME Stuple

{© 1995, 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc.All

rights reserved. Reproduction without the writen

permission of the publisher i expressly forbudden,

except forthe purposes of reviews, and for blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages. Mage the
Ascension and World of Darkness are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing. ln. All
rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Drea

the Wild West, Trinity, Black Dog Game Factory
and Freak Legion are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved, All characters,

The mention of or reference to any company or
provdoct in these pages isnot a challenge tothe
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supematral for settings,
characters and themes. All mystical sod.

‘al clement are fiction and intended for entertain

sah eee. teenie.)

hapateww tite-wolf com al games. whitewo
and rec games frpstoryteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

Freak Legion


ae 2

s

ak &<aions

€@ Planers Guide to Somori™
Contents
Food for Wyrms 1
Introduction ~ B
Chapter One: Character Creation i
Chaoter Coo: Breeds a st
Chapter Three: Supernatural Fomori 69
Chapter Four: Recruitment i 19
Chapter Five: Low Society 89
Chapter Six: Storytelling 9
Appendir Che Wound Within (anes). 10s

{



Reader Advisory ost ct via Seti a

about vetoes: ts about the lack of them. No table man
‘ers here. No subtlety, ether f you wane subeety, look
ebewhere. Force ae not subtle.

ke goss this
someone's body

a. The Wyrm didnot

this sounds..Anteresting..then read on. To be
frank this ats scary. The i

Black Dog book. That means for adulesonly
Sng: nan the wey we cop wat kn Th

Andchat means wedi

ight we may visualize

ook. When writing intimately about
re thete ate some things normally left

possessed by a Bane and melting away
of cose. Sometimes, bad things hap»

Wyer creat
unsaid. Noc here. We sid anything we fee like saying, as
longas it had something to do with fori pen to good people

And now's yout chance to play one ofthese suckers.

| = Diolations
|

Ineroducton B

yy,

yore


What's a Fomor?

A foros (plural omori isa person (or sometimes an
animal) which has been possessed by a Bane (a Wye
that perca is no longer human. He i something else
cnttely. The Bane s permanently weed tohiskoay and
soul — two beings become one symbiotic whole. But this
he Bane burrows into the deepest recessesof the victim's
destruction. Few soul can sucessfully remain humane
‘moral beings once fused with che Wye.
‘So what beings about such a poscsion? Many
can lead toi. Fot one, the person mst somehs

Teit hatred and fears naturally draw the Wyrm spi

tual minions to them, like sharks to blood spilled in the

wn dark
Bane can be driven out. either through the wilful epul
sion bythe vic (rare inthis spiritually beret age or by

Garou can enter the Umbra and physically attack
Banc in the proces of possesion If they kil he Bane or
Bur fit wins ies way through tothe center ofthe soul

mscasion, then the seul ls revocable: dhe vita be

edefoeites

‘ith corruption, apd wil smell
snort may wil resemble
upy and abominable in

wom thes forearms. Fomon are nothing ess than


wa
Playing a Fomor

While fomori are powerful, they ae alo largely insane
(many were 30 even befote thei transformation), ct they
guickly become 10 when they discover how shor thet ives
Ihave waddenly become. Playing fom should bean intense
‘exploration of el induced hoo, not only in termscf what
the fomor dicover it can and wants todo, bu aon terms
‘of how it lfe has been made a humiliation. Fomcei fel
violated, aif they been raped and murlaed beet alive
tthe same time they fel degraded and abhor themseives,
having allowed and even invited their own rin.

Moeeover the transformation from human 0 fomor
doesn't necessarily cause the frmortoforget what it means
tobe human. The realization that i ew than human,
thati¢isnow ashore lived monstrosity, shoul occupy the
fomoe's mind and will. Even ii tries todo good (erly
rarity among these self-absorbed creatures), ome can
doonlyevi:itsabeing with ahuman conscience trapped
within an evi wil

While fomort may think of themselves as being prin
cipled, the carrot of acue that Pentex dangles befor their
‘noses is usally enough to shatter the few ethics that

‘remain. Imagine dicovering that your touch reduces
‘enemies to paddles of bubbling acid, and then that your
‘own body & slowly eating itself away. With the choice
‘berween anual, ignoble death or the hope ofa redeemed
life, you may easly elinuish che vestiges of yourhuman-
ttyiexchangefoeliad'spromisesof acute. Afterall, once
‘you're cured, youl have plenty of time to turn your life
around and perform good deeds.

How to Use This Book

‘While chs book isin the form of players guide giving
all the information needed t reat afomor character,
{salto intended for Storytellers. The information given
herein can be used when running fomor gimes or to add
extra deal othe opponents encountered ina Werewolf

ame,

‘One other thing Do not take thistoo seriously. Wehad

fan making this book, and hope you have fun using it: But

1s jst a game. And if you actually begin experiencing

any ofthe symtoms described in this book, goto a doctor
ately

Inornduction 1s

nn

NN eee


You know how wo make me,
oss howto make you,

Weach you spr

"This chapter includes deals on creating afro char

acter. Ie is asumed thatthe players ann Storyteller have

access to the character cteation rules given in the

Wereolt The Apel Seco Eon ebook
1c Mage rulebooks).

Fnort were bor moral humans (except fr soper-
natural fomor, such as werewolves and vampires who
have become mevocably possessed bya Bane: ee Chapeer
Thee). As such, they have no special ot supernatural
ablities beyond the Powers and Taint they possess. For

"Squire"

Instance, unles the fomor has hought che Power: Regen:

tration, he heals a normal human — which could be
fatal when he fights Garou

‘Although moral fomori may not purchase Numina

"The Banes now resident in thei souls prevent the ws of

"There are, however, afew exceptions ro this

Bases, in Chapter

occur atthe Storyteller'

Two). Further exceptions shi
Aiscretion cal

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation "

ALLE ST SPT ET


AZZ,
Character Creation Chart

+ Step One: Character Concept

‘Choose concept, breed (ifany), Nature and Demeanor
+ Step Two: Select Attributes

Priore your tre categories: Physical, Socal, Mental
(aia)

Choose Physical Tras: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina

Choose Social Tras Charisma, Manipulation, Appearance

(Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wis
+ Step Three: Select Abilities

Priore the tne categorie: Talents, Skills Knowledges

(Choose Talents, Skills, Knowledges (11/7/4)

+ Step Four: Select Advantages

‘Choose Backgrounds (5; Pentexemployed fomor! re-
ceive Resources 1)

(Choose Powers and Taints (Characters receive one
omer point for every Taint point they take; se Powers
and Tames, below)

* Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Willpower (3)

Spend "freebie pois" (21) (Characters may purchase
Merit wich feeble poines. They may gin extn frecbie
points by aking Flaws)

Concept

‘Who were you before you became a fomoe? Usually, a
character's concept isa two o€ thee-word summation,
such as "Unwtting Need" or "Vengeful Soldier"

Breed

Fomett come in two types: breeds and unique foot
Breeds are groups of foment who share similar Powers and
charactertics (each group is wally possessed by the
same type of Bane). Unique fomort are more common:
their owersare seemingly random. Pentex hasfew proven
processes which will create exactly the fomor they want
100% of the time. Deeails on breeds can be found in
Chapter Two. Unique fomoe are just cha; thei details
can be created by the player.

Nature and Demeanor

‘These Traits represent the foundations ofa character's
behavior, fom her inner Nature to her outwaed De
smeanor. More details can be found in The Werewolf
Players Guide or the Vampire oc Mage rlebooks

Backgrounds
"The Background listed here are common tal Sry
teller games or oe new for this book. See Backround in
* Alles Your fends, mos fen fellow foro rom
your Pentex divin o Fine Team.

18 FreakLegion

PA Ae A A A IY

*# Consecrated: You have swom fealty to a Wyrm
creature; twill provid occasional aid in retuen for your

* Contacts: Describes the contacts you possess in
various levels of ciety, from the black marketee othe
(CEO of Burpsi Cola.

+ Equipmend/Fetsh: Describes the characte' inital
access to high-tech or mystical Pente-sse tems

‘+ Favors: Descrites the numberof favors you ean call
in, fom getting yourself transfrted to another mission to
emoting your enemies.

* Mentor: A mote experienced fomor or human who
aadvises and looks out fr You.

‘ Rank: Your security clearance and status in Pentex.

*# Resourcest Describes how wealthy you ate; your
belongings.

Caints
"These are the horrible cont afoot pay for her Wyre

thls. Characters receive one Power point for every T
Point they take. See Tains below.

Too Roles Taine

108 ARcca
O72 Awopby
Balefire Cure 1
Bane Attractor ,
Brainwashed 3
Derangement sen

Motoid Cancer 4
Roating 6
Second Heal 3
Severe Allergy 3220
Special Diet wats
Teladementia 5
Ushy as Sin 1
Wathing Bean 5
Worm 3

Roll again; double that Tain's
i efector chooue two ofthat Taint

(le, choore two Derangements)
+ See the Taint: Balefive Cane


ne 2A

Powers

‘These are what make omc differen from thei fellow beings Characters receive one Power point for every Taint
point they take. See Powers below. 4

4100 Rll Power Cost
or Molecule Weakening 4
Mouth of the Wyrm 4

0204
95.06 lady Barbs

7

$ Brain Eating

Cause Insanity

10 "Chameleon Coloration

us) :

16 Corrupted Visions

W718 Darksighe r

Deception
Tohaaconent 72 Rearctthe Wyrm 4
Poke SARIRE Sae Crae —PTT
Extn Linbe the Wskd

a " (or Weave) 5
Foor Pads b ‘Sense The Unnatural, TF
Mfg Tongee 5 Stdownay 4
Cares Ges " See 6
ORS Fm » Shiveniche
Hana fom Beyer 4 Slcher Skin
aa. as

3738 Hell Hie Terk de spre Ties

PATTI Wm 1g ESB ANE Soaach Renee
Homogenity 9 Secub's Vell ‘

04s MOISES 3

5132 9495 Venom Bee 3

% 3% Votceof Une Wy 4
5g 98 Warr Bring 28
= ET

St Mund Ru $ 100

58

Mind Rape a secession te Fa

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 19

OLE A IY,


Freebie Points

"Freebie points" may be wed to purchase Merits

Ancributes Sper dor
Abilities 2 per doe
Backgrounds 1 per dot
Willpower 2 per doe
Rage* I per doe
Cron" 2per dot

* Only ifthe character has the Rage Trait (sce the
Power: Bereter)

** Only the character has the Gnonis Trai (sce
the Power Spirit Ties)

Willpower

"The reserve of discipline, control and raw force of will

that a character can muster: Characters begin with Will
power 3.

f
player may purchase Mert with feeb
te taken to ack to the character' feeble point total
(rnaximum of 7 extra point)

Experience

Fomori characters can gow
system character. Use the
Werewolf rulebook when ri
ater Tas However Power snd Tatsrchanded
<iicrenty. Us the following formula for Powers:

én anything. The amount of points gained ie figured
>the following formula:
"Teint point bones 33 = experience pots


Abilities
Skill
Indoctrination

You ld he mo indeteten Ts
Po oracle rina irre
ene end
Se eaemaoeaaes
Prete ateleleepeteimraren
SS ee
So taany nics oman
pen peer eres
fedasnastacateeeerafuiemaass
Sasncastaciscatcterperen nee calts
rs ene
Mad Kecateuctocmancencang Secret te
tebe Tome ten regent The
wt cy eno a age re) ©
fered han tr he eh ee
See oper enpnae as
eee

+ Novices You can sometimes ger othere
to follow the party ine
s+ Practiced: You usually have no trouble

convincing others tha yout version ofthe satus qu
wcomet

‘Competent: You can tum fiend against
Sent rig ra
‘You can easily mold others'
‘andi wae rm dae
1 Master: Big Brother has nothing on you.

Gackgrounds

Consecrated

‘The fomor has been consecrated (pcbubly at bit) in a
magical rite toa Wyrm creature of some power and ifhs-
nce. The for must serve her maser fathuly fale to
do wo has severe consequences. Even if the fomot becomes
stronger than her maser, she may not turn on tf rear,
forher service, the fomor may expect occasional help from
the creature i the form of advice, power of aid in bate
The typeof aid depends onthe nature ofthe creature. The
creature is under no obligation tothe fom, bat wil sed
oceasional help to ensure the foods continued enthuse.

‘The mere state of being Consecrated toa Wyrm entity
may confer adegre of tatuson the omor incerta cicles.

A Bane Gaffling or a Wyrm servitor
fank 11 Bick Spt ne)

. Bane Jagzling ot a powerful Wyrm
vcr ok 40 Bled Spel Dancer Seve Gen
craton leader)

‘A powerful Bane (a Nexus Crawler) of
a very powerfl Wyrm seritr (Pentex Board exec
five)
1+ A Maclin cara or Urge Wyrm
‘One of the Triatic Wyrms (Def
Ener Sols, o Best o Wat)
Equipment/Fetish
‘Your characte as jumgedall he hurdles and cut all he
red ape necessary 0 gai acest high-tech oe mal
Feld equipment sch ner bullets oa Bane Klaive. You
‘begin the game with one of more Pentex-issue items, deter
nine bythe amount of Sots you have i this Background.
‘Ths coe cme requbition, however once that lee of
cxpgecot har ben aed up (in the eas of ule) o
Jeuhavetorleplay your way into geting moe (Rankhelps
Inthis tak) See Equpmon, below, oa of me ee
tea the RanksfLeveh repel to region them
Note Rank sused for equipment while Level sused or
fecshes
© One RanbLevel Oe piece of euipment
1+ One Rank/Level Two pace f equipment,
wo RankLevel oe ems
see One Rank/Level Three piece of
sent ota combination of other Rank/Level items
sees One Rankllevel Fut pice of equipment,
ex combiation other Raok/Letel tert
‘One Ranl/Level Five pce of eyipeent
or acominain ofthe Rank/Level tems

Favors

‘Through your actions, you have eared the favor of
certainindeualshighupinthechainofcormmand (Fist
Teams, executive ladder. et.) They are willing, and able,
to tneercede on your behalf. This sa powerfal Back:
sound. A favor can be used to get you out of a lot of
‘aouble (hide a body, tranufer from asuicide mission ete.)
Favors are easy soltions to many problems and can be
‘ued to accomplish things that Allis can't or won't, Fach
favor maybe wed only once, however, andthen its gone.
‘The Storyteller & the final judge of what a favor can

relapcpecrenepmrereenrees 3m
heron ieee ‘
Peper epee Geer toe
pelea er Alplelers

Chapter One:CharacterCreation a

inns


|

‘Lz

A Lh
@ank

Unless this Background is purchased, the fomor is
‘assumed tobe ofthe lowest rank/postion allowed in the
Pentex division concerned (Le. civilian, bootcamp Fit
‘Teamer, intern labech,et.). Pentexisstritinenforcing
rank privilege; the player character with the highest rank
will be in command of other player characters. Player
characters who abuse this peivlege may find thei authoe-
{ty undercut, resulting in poor performance on the field.
This may ultimately cause the character' transfreal ot
demotion. The Storyteller has the final say on how high
this Background may be bought; no character should
begin play higher than fith in command ofa division.

© Novice: private ina Fist Team; an asso-

late executive; a white-level scientist

. Low Rank: A junior officer in a First Team;

‘junior executive; a green-level scientist

‘986 Medium Rank: A captain ina Fst Team;

_perisng execute blue level ent
High Rank: A major or colonel in a Fit
Fons managing executive yellow-level scientist

+ Command Staff A general in a it Team;

therig enous ord erl cece

Merits & Flaws

‘The dei takes cae of hs oun,

— old folk saying

With the Storyteller's permision, players ray put=
hase Merits and Flaws from the new lst given below ot
from any White Wolf game book. Espectly useful ate
‘The Werewolf Players Guide and Project Twilight (ape
goverment oriented Merisor laws toPentex-oviented),
The Storyteller has the final say whether a player may
purchase a desired Merit o Flaw

Hidden Power (2 pt Merit)

None of your Powers ot Taints ae physically obvious
You appear to be human (or whatever you were before
becoming foro). Ifyou have extra limbs or boy barbs,
theyare retractable andhiden under sheath ofskin. You
seem to be one ofthe crowd.

Ganespeak (3 pt Merit)

‘With your eansormacon, you have covered away
{nc our dak pina ide andre ae wo peak wh he
Banepa youl When you peak with Your Bane Yo
tcp te ting winetedy 09 youre You Bane
"Kies dark meres tothe weed resol our ol
tod your soul wither aide more with cach vile evel
tion Your Storelle wil create the Bane, bt wil not
feral you be exert ols Lnooldgyor bs sect
over. While our Bane wll nx guide youll the ine,

FreakLegion

OL A

at moments of deep urgency it maybe able to provide you
with clues or information about the Wyrm or Gatou
worlds which you would nor otherwise know.

Pathetic Aura (3 pt Merit)

‘You are a truly needy peron, of atleast appear tobe 4
anyone with an ounce of compassion wil fel 3 sorry for
you that hey will become your protectors, frends and
fatrns, and often remain 1 readies of your behavior
These guardians will not defor ou, butsome may kil fthe
circumstances ate right. Ths Tait does not equal an end-
les supply of Allies your helpes willbe purely mundane
andvwillbackofffthe hi getstoo thick Solongasyoukeep
your obvious problems totantrums liesand debts however,
you will peokubly he forgiven. Although some normal:
‘ering fomari have hie Mert badly deformed ones can

‘muster enough sympathy to outweigh a multitude of sins.
Stigmata of the Wyrm (4 pt Merit)

‘These are marks ofthe Unge Wyrms which sometimes
commune with favored servants. To "win" one, a format
‘must fine understand the aspects of che Worm (which
Indicates ome level of insanity to begin with), then con:
tact het own inner coeruption (to discover which aspect
favors her) manifest that Urge in word, body and deed and
fen undergo sme hideous oneal of conseceation,
Seaking the Wrm within en ras «peered
vsionquest this usually involves breaking away fom all
fends (inching other omer), and indulging in ome
exces related tothe vision your character seks until sme
truth appear. These excenercan include iling pees nea

epvobes,
foin, awison ofthe Urge Wem's Maclin Icama appears
tothe freanate one and sends he through nome excreting
test of loyal; sch ordeals are elite tothe Urge Wyma
Iavlved — tess of greed, crue, deceit ete. A forme who
survives the tess (many do a) receives the mat of favor.

Like the tests, stigmata marks relate tothe Urge Wyemn
the character server Palak, Lord of Lie, often git is
chosen with forked tongues. Kamala, Desite's Urge, has
‘more atractive marks often hypeotically nrguing took
Foctok pif his followers with forever open eyes, while
‘Angus ark consists of masive bends which never heal
‘The exact nature ofthe mark eft tothe troupe's imaging:
‘on butitshould reflec scme appropriately deviant behave.

Stigmata can be really usefl in social situations wih
others who understand the mark; Black Spiral Dancers may
revere the chosen (oe may kill her anyway — they ate

‘heise Wyrm'seinciples willed thechosenone with
‘ameasate of awe and reverence. Stigmata are usualy good
{orone to thee extra dice or Social rolls when dealing with


ee a

the Wyre tainted: Naturally, the character wil sand cut
like a beacon to Sense Wim and other such Gifts, and
must continue to serve the Urge Wyrm whenever pone

Unpossessed (S pt Merit)

‘A part of your sou sil emai. The Bane as ot flly
possessed you, giving you hope of one day shaking off is
hold. However if this was dacovered by your masters, you
would eitherbe killed orsnt back foe fll possesion. Where
‘ean you gt help? Who can you turn to! You must tread very
carefully —one wrong move and you wil he desroyed

Crue Faith (7 pt Merit)

‘The Bane within you has not been abet sever yout faith.
‘You can purchase the Numina: Troe Fath a normal com.
However, youarea being at wa with itself The Bane within
youwall rytothwartthe miracles which yout faith may bring
forth Indeed, your faith may even endanger you f you
atempe to exorcise an evi peta botch may wrench the

n you instead. You willbe cured of ant: bu you
be dead from the trauma to your emrupeed soul. The
Storyteller has full conto ofthe we of Tre Faith by food

Deformity (1 pt Flaw)
Stal o body barb, you cannot Rie them. People rn in

Scary Presence (2 pt Flaw)
hu nope manoatet ou toe ls

they can, and may become violent pened Even cer
wallsens thease that infects your oul they may nt fe, bat
you won't be populi, ether Loneliness your kt fever.

Equipment
Basic First Team Kit

All Fist Teamers ate given the following equipment
and perks. These temsare free, and thus donot equie the
Equipment Background to acquie. Failte to properly
upkeep equipment (leading to replacement cost) sro
tinely punished and the lary Fit Teamer i often docked
ay.

‘ An dentity card, which serves ana security clearance
to enter company buildings

‘© Rank medallion, signifying the Fest Teamer's rank
Worn on the ella ot over the lft breast. ron

yma nner a re a TY,


eA Lf

First Team Items

Below aretome common Fist Team ems the Rank required to requisition them and the reaon for theitresrcted acces.

ee =
‘Ammunition: Usually issued in magazines (nuamber depends an sweapon type)
SCI Tocco wane oalomer chloe |
2 ‘Dragonsbreath rounds "These incendiary shotgun rounds will destroy the gun,
‘but ignite their target; destroys expensive equipment.
3 Exploding rounds ‘Only for assault operations in wiklerness.
[Ser Mae RoToMpME Extrenicly expensive.
ee Flak vest siiaceaStansanisiue __—
Kevlar vest Slightly expensive
‘ Pus armor... REE. Often deadly.to fellow Team members.
Silver boi Exremelcxpemive
[hi em |
1 Tonone gas West tiask. —— a
-— Musca i Wear a mask; assault situations only.

situations (Amazon).
4 Riss of the Wyrm ‘Highly experimental." a

Weaponry.

PERRI aser sche Expensive.

Senoke!Gas grep AAssault missions only.

Expensive

Claw caps _Expensive,
Fragmentation grenade Assault missions only; avoid damaging own team or
equipment.
eae ited machine gun, rocket launcher,
‘samme only for wilderness or defense operations.
4 White phosphorus grenade Use only in war situations (Amazon).
Py FreakLegion


ae aA SS The

* A salary and a stipend for expense, represented by
the Resources Background (all characters begin with I)

© An M-16 assaule rifle (223 caliber, dificley 7,
damage 7, rate 20, clip 20/30, conceal N, range 200) and
three magazines of ammunition. (Retrieval teams are
siven pistols instead.)

A combatsurvival knife with a compass in the
handle

A flak vest (retrieval teams are given kevlar vests
instead),

Ammunition

Silver Nitrate Hollowpoints

Ranks 5

These areholowpoin bullets filled wth iver nica,
Been. they a ike rer hlospois ooking
inside the wound on impoct and releasing the silver
prey Sah opel riper aoe
there do to Garou who ae not in thet breed for, ver
‘trate ea potion in sow ight, and peas toxin
Affect the werewol(regandleofform) The poison cases
Soe Health Level of damage pe tum fr thre tums oan

they tobe discovered by agents ofthe law, they ae sued
‘ona need-to-have bass only,

Armor

Pus Armor

Ranks 3

‘Thisloathsome item issomewhat like kevlar (affording
the wearer an extra soak die) but when the outer parti
pierced by claws teeth or bullets cosing, highly ifectious
[pus sprays out in a two yard long ac. The pus causes one
Health Level of aaravated damage if i contacts bate
Ales, hairy werewolves, ec. Unless its wiped of within
thenexttwotuens, causes anuleration, which ean only
‘be healed by magical means. Each day thatthe recipient
fails to be healed, the ulceration digs deeper, causing
another Heath evelof aggravated damage: Untesshealed,
the vitim eventually dies as teats through him. Cuting
cut the ulceration i an option, but does at much damage
asall the damage which the victim as sustained upto that
point (Le fhe has taken two Health Levels of damage,
cutting i out causes two more). This arm is sil in the
Beta testing stage: any problems with the suits (and there
surely are some) have yet to be discovered.

Silver Bodysuit
Rank: 4
Fine welze by lab workers and guards in areas where
Garou interference waslikeysiverbodyuitshave proven
ke.

to be a great deterent to werewolf attacks. The si
provides the wearer with theee soak dice. However, it
made of woven silver and acrylic fibers which, when

sted
an elite few who are engaged ino protecting vital work.

Grenades

Since grenades tend to cause comment in polite ciety
sod have high incidence of causing sudden death syn-
drome, they ae not usally asd as everday equipment
They are reserved orthose who needthem de tothe nature
oftheir normal work, or they may be requested when a
character takes ona pecialasigament in which the re
rads might prove useful. The police tend to shoot anyone
Ashing these things around ad ask. questions later

Fragmentation Grenades

Ranks 3

‘A fragmentation grenade has a damage Poo! of 12 dice
aground zero (such as in a characters hand). For every
yard between the grenade explosion and the character,
reduce the damage Pool by one die.

Example: A 12 die fragmentation grenade detonates
‘five yards away from acharacte. The damage Polisseven
ice of damage.

Smoke Grenades and Tear Gas
Grenades

Rank: 2
Smoke grenades emit adense cloud of white ot colored
smoke. Tear ga grenades emit a cloud of iitating gas (see
Poisons, below). There snoblast fom these grenades. The
‘smoke is released through holes inthe canister. The cloud
wil ila ten yards square aeainone mite and wl st
‘ter minutes instil ait. Pentex troopsfirininto the smoke
‘usualy hare as many of their own as they do Garou

White Phosphorus

Ranks 4

White phosphorus grenades generate a temperature of
2700" Fwhen they explode. A WP grenade hasaPool of 12
<iceatitspointof detonation. Reduce the Dice Pool byone
forevery two yards berween the character and the grenade.

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 25

a eR


a AA

Thisisapravated damage because ofthe burning although
Garou can try t soak the damage. WP grenades wil ignite
most common materials that are even lightly lammable

Poisons
Cyanide Capsule

Effects: The fomor has a small quantity of cyanide
Inside hollowed out tooth. If the fomce & captured by
‘Garou, he knows to expect the tortures ofthe damned
‘The cyanide isa quick and relatively painless escape
Fomott who are held prisoner by the Garou are wnaly
considered suspect by most agents of the Wim and are
‘often destroyed if they escape, anyway. This capaue wil

affect those fomor who are immune to potons (se

tects The fomor has a gas extracted from the comn-
‘mon violet. This extract contains a highly concentrated

circuits the sense of mel of anyone who sels. The
fects of this ga ast approximately an hoot and can be
parcicuarty damaging to lupus Garou, who are very de>
pendent on ther sense of snl. Ths gas may also lly ot
partially prevent the Crow from wing any Gifs that
depend on smell (e.g, Heightened Senses, Scent of Sight,
‘Scentof the True Fort. etc). This will not block the Gif
Sense Wyrm, which snot based on smell (no matter how
‘much Garou noses wrinkle up when they use it).
Protections Don't beeathe it

Cecar Gas

Rank: 2

Vector: Contaetnhaled

Sensory: Cololess (frequently mixed with sencke),
icine doe

Effects: Coughing. gaging, severe iitationof the eyes
and mucus membranes. Subtract two dice from all Dice
Pools une cleat ofthe gut cloud for 10 minutes.

Protection A sami wil poet ily, seta mat
‘or goggles wl protect the eyes, and breathing
‘reteloth wll protect the lungs The Rest Tenia wll
negate the effects of teat gue

‘Vector: Contact/inhaled

‘Sensory: Faintlyyellowsh,datinctive oot

Eifects Caustic: causes blisters to exposed flesh. If
Inhaled, bistering inside the hangs may prove fatal. Sub-
‘tact one Health Level pr tur the skin exposed to the
‘as Victims lou two Health Levels pr turn of breathing

es

Protection: Fullskin coverage and a gas mask are
necesary for any protection. Ordinary clothing wil pro-
tect for one turn only. The Resist Torin Gift will negate
the elects ofthis gat

Herve Agent (Sarin)

Ranks 4

Vector! Contchaled

Seer: Clee dees

tect High concen ere gifs one
Heath Level perm thir canne waked: At
Conception fe one Heo Level pr min
eh the ome scin Ato ce cones
‘Sc ne Heath Level pet hw.

Nerve gas causes nausea and disorientation, followed by
denis singe ore at te ales Sat
sceuras cnet of 0-100 pure pe ion
‘hare fc rec ketal (Chances ot oneal bt
Simro ncn xpos han i 10800)

NOT hme bermtinw reer nation
bysealinga tom in ahigh lace. ase wed cach
tS preetspopdation ring the 1991 Gall War tthe
fcciveness was not tested (there wee no gas attack).
Atropine

Ranks 1

Vector: Injected

Sensory: Odorlss, colorless iquld

Effect: Over apeiod of (Stamina + 3) hours, victims

‘ramps, vomiting, dsorientation and co.

FreakLegion


A ft
Kiss of the Wyrm

Rank: 4

‘Vector! Injected

Sensory: Yellowish liquid

[tfects: This is a highly experimental toxin wd in
conjunction with a dart pistol oe sil. Is purpose & 0
create paranoia and bloodlust within the victim, casing
the target to fenzy without provocation. Ie has been
proven effective against Garou, but the exact amount
needed forthe optimum effect has not been Wentfid a
of yet

The serum s placed into a capmule attached tothe dart
pistol or needle (the piso required to fie ts Rank Isthe
‘leis Rank 2). Upon impact, the capsule beaks, releasing
the toxin into the target's hiondstream oe moncle tue
(Once within the targee's system, it begins to stilt
chemicals associated with paranoia and anger. A sacess-
fl injection wll send a Garou or Kindred inco a ferzy,
and fill morals with intense anger and paranoia

‘The viet may ress this toxin with a Willpower rll
‘agains difficulty based onthe amount of toxin that wa
ted. A pistol lad is dificlty 6a rifle lod is dificuey 8.
‘The Gift: Resist Toxin wll nullify the effect ofthe toxin.
‘The toxin will eventually lose its potency, causing the
target to fall into a deep sleep. A Rite of Cleansing is
equited to fully remove the elfctsof the Kis of the
‘Wyrm, Until this iual s performed the victim wil find
‘msl edgy, and suffering from mild paranoia

Protections Armor, Resist Toxin

Sensory
Sub-Dermal Radio

Ranks 2
‘The fomor has a small radio receiver and transenitter
limplanted in the base of hee shall. This allows hee
receive onder and send information discreetly. The range
‘slimited (about 25 miles radi), soe sual only of use
within the fomor's immediate circle (Fist Team, et).
The radiofrequency automatically shunts up and down,
the bandwidth, making it dificult for enemies to eaves:
drop. Those receivingthe transmission canhear everthing
tht the fame dos. The omer can shat the aif at
JburPentexcanreactivatet discreetly rom a datance

‘> gurd aun teacher. Seer cf thee devices have
been captured by the Garou known as Monkeywrencher
‘This has worried Pentex, and they are constantly impeov-

Garou tampering.

tng the radios to discourage

Weaponry
Automatic Staplegun

Ranks

enters latest creation looks litle diferent than an
‘edinary staplegun, but the "staples loaded int are made
from the leftover parts of dead Renitentfomorach (see
‘Chapter Two) and have been thickly coated with the
poiton Alpha-Fomorol. When the trigger is pulled, the
automatic staplegun ends out aspeay of L0Dstaples which
ledge themselves in the victim's fet, injecting the po
son. A single butst of staples contains enough

ipha-Fornool ro kill an odinary human instantly. Tae
sets take one level of aggravated damage fom each burst
Plas seven dice of damage. The gun must be
feloaded every thee bur

Those who donot die from staple damage ae infected
bby the Alpha-Fomoel introduced ino thet bois. As
‘Alpha-Fororo stanly illshumans victims efthistont

fing the metamorphosis into a fomor. Moreover,
Alpha-Fomotol, like Fomor, is highly addictive; any
‘victim who takes three levels of aggravated damage from
these staples becomes addicted to Alpha-Romorol and
may die unless he either gets mote Alpha-Fomorol of he
removes all traces ofthe Wyrm's poison from his system,
Less than three levels wl cause leer withdrawal symp
toms, sach as vomiting blood, asthe victim heals

The Taine can be removed within one moon by a Rite
‘of Cleansing alas, the addiction to Alpha-Fomorol re
‘mains The Garoucurrenty know nocutefothe ableton,
although i rumored that an Umbeal quest in Ga
‘name might be efcacious

Roll Dex + Firearms, Difficulty 7,
Damage 7+ special, Range 12,Clip 3,
Conceal J

Claw Caps

Ranks 3

Claw caps are small explosive charges encased in pointed
sive eich eft over aera the mst
inte the fore Clos and noe ur ee 2 fe
Emde an te pets skin when the ley make
cone, heya neo cpt lar ene meg
croycin en aca Claw can wed wo ntfs
Tithe en the fort oy ser conc the
Uiningechaniasinthe cpt gered when ther
tite cpno ener ence verona nerd

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 27

a,

yy,

A


toembedthe cops into Garou flesh afomor mus fst inlet
st least coe Heath Level of damage with capped claws
Because of technological limitations, cape have a 30%
chance of faling to explode and 15% chance of exploding
stile sillbeing wenby che attacking foror (rollonce afer
Teing donned), which explain why mos fomoe wea claw
‘aps only when abwoluely necessary. Until they are wed,
they are kept in lightweight foar-lined containes

‘When embedded in Garou, the silver inthe cape causes
one evelof aggravated damage per turn
explosive charges cause three Heath Levels
‘damage Fortunately forthe Garou, the exp "
ally allo eject the shard of silver frm the skin, x0 after
the caps have gone off the following turn after being

stop taking silver damage.

Initially intended forwse inthe space program, these are
metalic arm which lengthen out on collapsible fame
‘works to grap dangerous items oe opponents upto thes
{ards away. Theitefective Strength and Staminaare each
Sand they can grip and cause crahing damage equal

onceal (requiing atleast a beicease sized
not iw).

Fetishes

Mort fomori donot have aGncnis Trt. This makes it
had for them to use fetishes, which naturally atune
themselves tothe wer's Gnons. Instead, a foroe may roll
‘Willpower to activae a fetish (difficulty ofthe fetish's
Gott +1), or spend one Willpower to activate it auto-
snatcally

Fomorol

Level 3, Genie 5

This drug is actually constituted from the bouies of
"recycled" fomorach (see Chapter Two). When injected
into afore, temporary boosts his Powers. However, itis
highly addictive, and the fomoe will crave more. After
‘injection, the fomoe rls to activate thefts. Hsvecessfl
the effcts of any Power he wes are doubled (Le, claws and
fangs do more damage, Mind Bending i easier tse, ete)


A Lt

After even one use, however, (regardless of whether twas
‘succesfully activated orn) the character wil mae fom
the Taine: Addiction (cyle: once per month), until he gets
more Unlike full-Sown adiition, however,
‘onceafalleyclehas passed without Fomorol, the characters
need forthe drug disappears — unles he wes it again.

Power Goggles

Level 2.Gnois3

Now you can hae Power Goes jut ike youre,
Bek Rue SeeMonkeywrench Pentex Thee pn
tres Bane ein which cow te foe tse Gare
they eens the Gnu fom the Fema he
phcal word elleceton + Oval daly abe
ler in ime). This may give the formar hat ei,
cx nan once oe hie

Putty Buddy

Level Gross $

rey Baya Bane th ttl of nthe
see of ener Wha cm do? Oh wane
itarechen tuners upeonene iaclddone
tate pepo ace hen ove the oma oem tl
Ato ke omar leon te oes ape ce
ont oronercane) One wort an be vrcdt
Toover 50 lng cetng op or uck petra oo
Wiad co enti ooo ty eg nat
tevieofte Wp itillenangl heen Seng
S3°A thomand tov wes Poy Bods con cl be
Seared bye Ty cream they ba.
Dibro-Blade

Level 3, Gnas

Thablde te eit fon comged dee
iy denen sod 6 aed npn The eae ot
‘ccemtyerinental ed evinanier Wee eh
ict cel cen ened ede
Cains To a ad vin ee Whe
Sth ey» Sof

cn cog tae Hak Lee opp

‘ae neon omy dongs te te fice,

Treks ul van experince pane Pex
bashed te fing const] ee wth te ares
inl and hf mers ts on fing Le ot
‘eros Untrnaty, they have oot ered oo
found acchepecs loro easton,
‘aeeeldns hive happenedno casey hee

Roll Dificalty Damage Conceal
Byweapon By weapon #3 By weapon
1 Aggravated damage

Powers

Nowe these sick souls who rape he ere land

Lie ine word for the oe of gel!

— Baaastoem, "Born to Kill"

Below is alist of fora Power and their pon cos.
Beginning characters get one point with which to pute
chase Powers for every Tain poi they tke. Tats are
lisced afer the Powers. Secessive Powers may be bought

a strengthening ofthe Bane posesing the character, of
some othe tory exewe.

Note: Mos ofthese Powers require the fomor to spend
1 point of Willpower. However, the fomor has Gnas
(Power: Spit Tes), he may lect to spend Gnosis points
Instead. Abo, atthe Storytellers discretion, fomor with
Rage (Power: Berserker) may spend Rage pots to act-
‘vate certain phyical Powers (wach a Shapesift of
Harardous Breath).

* Animal Control (2 pts) — Animal Control gives the
‘ser che ability to summon and control animals who are
‘within ange atthe time the Power is used. fan animals
swithin the viciney ican be made to perform one specific
task. The task must be something chat the animal can
‘normally do. Dogs might bite rats might follow ataget fot
‘few blocks 1 lng athe rats ae able vo remain hidden,
snd cats might jump on someone's back o wind around
legs to trip him up. However, birds wll not ake messages
bck and forth ike carier pigeons, and deer won't perform
strange dances in font of people to distract them. Com
smon sense should dictate what is reasonable,

‘System: The fornor spends one Willpower and rolls
Manipulation + Animal Ken (Aificulty 6). W succesfal,
hhecan cause one animal per success anywhere within 120
yards of him todo ashe bis. The effect lasts for one scene

* Balefire Flax (7 pts) — Whenever the fomor is
‘exposed to Balefie, the radioactive excretions of the
‘Wer, he may undergo a transformation, gaining a new
Power.

‘Syatem: After the fomor undergoes five rumsof suces-
siveexponueto Bale, tolthefororsSeamina (difficulty
9). Atthe Steeler epoca exten xp

Baleie may lower the dificuley ofthe Staaina
{olL cent the fomor gina new Port chose
randomly (sce below). This new "pif" from the Wyrm is

‘new Power wll display itself (such as a new arm growing
from her side, fsbe gained an Extra Limb),
the rol sa botch, the character gins a new Taint

instead abochosent sete Taint Baler Cut)

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 29

LAE A


A LAG

‘ThisPowerdoesncemakethefomor immune'
unless phase Immun Goebel) elf
any normal damage from the torn (xe sideba).

Random Powers: Refer othe chat atthe beginning of
ths haper: Ech Powe a amb ed by ion 4
range of 1-100. Roll percentile dice (2310, with one die
‘actingasthe onescolumn and the other asthe tenscolumn,
"00" equals 100) to determine which Power choven

* Berserker (3 pts) — The fort has been "pfed"™
with Rage — the renowned anger ofthe werewolf

‘System: The fomor begins the game with three Rage
points which he can use jst ike any Garou. However, the
omor is also susceptible to fency. He may purchase extra
Rage points with freebie points (cont: 1 per point).

* Body Barbs (2-10 ps) — The fomnor has sharp,

biadele tone growths on is wrists elbows kneesor feet.

aeacking with them before rolling his attack dice,

‘+ Body Expansion (2 pts) — The fomor can grow very
lange —uptothree times normal height. While expanded,
she can take giant steps, covering reat deal of ground,
and grab human sied opponents in her fist.

‘There are afew disadvantages tothe expansion: Fomott
may bump thei heads on fad have eo bend
cover in low-cilinged rooms. Their internal organs donot
expand with them and they can become lightheaded
from lack of oxygen and too lie blood in thet veins.

Finally, ganessed people unally have very brite bones
the foot may shatter her delicate ones without realizing
‘tunel she reruns to normal oe

System: The fomoe spends one Willpower and rolls
‘Strength + Achleics (difficulty 6) Hand-to-hand attacks
from the expanded foror inflict Strength * 4 damage; the
fomor can crsh things forthe same amount of damage by
sitting on them. The fomor may also ad 10 yards to her
running speed per tur. Ifthe fomorbotchesasoak ol, et
brite bones break easing one Health Level of damage.

‘+ Brain Eating (6 pts) — This potent Power tealy
allows the fomor to "chew up" a victim's mind, redci
targeted Mental Attribute by one dot and absorbing i 8
‘one pint for their own experience point pool. This does
noactual physical damage tothe targets rai, and isthus
undetectable by scteneic means.

System: The fomoe spends one Willpower and rolls
Intelligence * Occule (difficulty 6). The target may eit
this with her Willpower (difcuty 6). The fomnor must
‘ouch the taget for this Power to be effective

Example: The fomor touches a foe and targets het
Intelligence. f succesful, the victim loves one dot of

‘Cause Insanity (2 pts per die) —The fomorcan twist
the minds of other, deagring them away from the slid
toads of sanity and ico the rocting, fevered jungles of

Galefire

Baler appears as greenish flame, yet has more substance than normal fie. Iloks somewhat like wax (asin a
tava lamp), excep very flod and liquid and glowing with its own internal incandescence.

Many arguments erst concerning the exact origin and natute of Balefie. The Black Spiral Dancers believe ts
the feces ofthe Wyrm once the ful serpent has fed on pure Gaia energy. Some Pentex scents believe itis corrupted

ephemera, the "physical substance which makes upthe spit world. Regardless llnow chat itisdangerous although
the Black Sprls wil often "sacrifice" themselves toi (Le, expose themselves tots are for hours) toga mystical
tng, beleving thatthe cancerous tran that ow inter nin ara ek wl gre them comet caightennent.

‘The etymology of Balefire is unsute. The fe alto use the word Baefire to refer to thee hearthfies, the fires of
Beltane. The anna believe that the White Howlers, the Pictish erbeof werewolves from northern Scotland, new
the Beltane fires well and worshippedat them as dl their Celi cousins However, once they became coerpt afer
<dancing the Black Spal, they worshipped at the east ies ofthe Wyrm instead and called their new hearth Names
Balefie, in mockery of their pute cousins ways.

Exposure to Balefie: This stuff burs, baby, and i does so even fom a distance. A Baefre torch wll iradiate
anyone standing within three yards of a Baleie bonfire will radiate anyone within seven yards and a raging
{inferno of Baefire willieradiate anyone within 15 yards. Use the fire rulesgiven oa pg 197 ofthe Werewolf rulebook
to determine the damage based on the sie ofthe flame. However, ths damage cannot be soaked, takestwice as long
te heal, and +10 is added to any resulting rollin the Batle Sears Char (pg. 199, Werewolf rlebook). The Gif:
Resse Toxin wil prevent this damage.

FreakLegion

TY,

30
a,


ne AA

Fomor' open Umbral windows in the targets mind over
looking Hlellholes, allowing unsuspecting victims to view
the horror therein, Others revel in performances inva
ingcriy ibbering and insidious conversation to ea 9
at sanity, while stil ochers graphically wansfoem theit
bodies into monstrous horrors.

System: The fomor spends one Willpower poin
rolls one die for every two Power points spent for this
Power; the difcuty isthe targe's Willpower. The target
rust bein line of sight ofthe fomor. At the Storyteller'
Aliscretion, the fomor may have to relate to the target fist
In tome way, whether through conversation ("Hey, gota
match?" of combat.
Successes Effect
One ortwo The Storyteller determines the type of
snsanity caused
Threet The player may decide what form of
dementia she inflicts
The length and severity ofthe madnes depends on the
rnumber of successes rolled aswell: one or two mccesses
‘might inficeaminor phobia, while five or more could ing
{nafall-blown freak-out. Such insanity can be cured with
patient paychotherapy

* Chameleon Coloration (varies) — The fomor can
change color, blending in with her surroundings
‘ne turn to use this Power. Shifting hues within a single

sand changing
fie any color Background cost four points.

AA variation on this Power, Shadowwalking, lets the
«character darken her skin to blend ino aurrounding shad:
‘ows, Shadowwalking costs thee points

System Changing color does not require atoll People
trying to see the character, however, must roll Wiek +
Alertness (dificult 7) tse het.

* Claws, Fangs or Hoens (3/5/7 pts) — With this
natural weaponry, the fomor may bite, gore ot slash is

nents if he s 10 inclined. These appendages
ejtemetic implants, custom-built weapons ot teal fangs
and claws, but they are not generally removable without
fejury (though they could be sheathed). These attacks
inflic aggravated damage. For thee points, the character
may have one type of attack; fr five pines, wo. Seven
points will buy al eee.

Syatem The fomor must roll Dexterity + Bras to
either bite law of gore

«colo (ted, brown, et.) costs two po

Maneuver Difficulty Damage
Bie 5 Strength +1
Claw 6 Serength +2
Gore 7 Strength +2

(Strength +4 ifthe character bas
just moved 10 yards or more)

hallucinations in some helpless victim. Voices from Go

am,


AZZ

Aecting glimpses of something just out of sight, scolding,

‘specially deformed one can wei while hiding Knowing
your victim helps when using Corrupted Visions  aio-
ral person would he suspicious fens suddenly tld her to
0 om a killing spree, while someone who was aleady
Aiscurbed might think i€ was a perfectly good idea. OF
course, seemingly-rational person could be driven crazy
bysubtc, wellchosen visions. After that, anything goes
System: The force spends one Willpower point and
rolls Manipulation * Subverfuge (fficuly 8) Each suc-
ces allows him to torment his target for one euen- The
potency of the visions alto dependson the successes rolled
‘one wecesicould conjure whispersor fleeting glimpses.
while five scceses might allow for full-blown mane
tation of Godin the louis. Thiscanbe wed asoften asthe
fomor desires: ange

time, A target who's aware that someone is messing
ther can resist the effects witha Willpower roll (difficuley
6). A well-choven hallucination (a whaper behind the
Cargetsback) might raise thsdificutyby lor? whileone
that's hand to swallow (Mother Theres with Moody
‘hands) might reduce tthe same way

* Durksight (2 pts) — sce in the dark
‘This Power comes from an innate affinity with darkness,
and ie works in even the darkest of tuations, whee not
even alive of light is present.

System: No rolls requited. However, if the fomoe is
surpised by an extremely bright light, he wil be Blinded
‘one turn for every dot he has in Perception.

* Deception (7 pts) — The fomoe can hide the
spiritual evidence of his Wyem taint from ochers. The
Gift: Sense Wyrm will noe detec the fomoe as Wyrm
‘tainted. The fom can aso wie this Power on other, £9
cover thee stain. For instance, the fomor can hide the
evidence ofa vampires diablerie or even change anormal
Garou'sauraso that she appears tobe Wyrm-tainted when
Infact shes not. Fomori under the influence ofthis Power
are also immune to mummies' Hekas (Troe Name) spells.

System: The fomoe spends one Willpowe point and
tolls Wits + Subeeruge (difficulty 7). The effect lasts for
fone scene. When using this Power on others, the fomnoe
‘must fre euch the target

* Ectoplasmic Extrusion (3 pts) — The fommor an
‘create upto four ectoplasmic tentacles or arms which can
'be ued to independently reach out and grasp objects, hit
‘things or envelop targets and smother them. The teach
isfive yards

System: The fomot spends one Willpower point and
rolls Stamina + Occult (difficulty 6) to create the ten
tacles. The fornor ads three to her Strength for lifting

purposes only. To attack with che tentacles in combat, she
tolls Dexterity + Beawl(ificuly 8); the tentacles inflict
Strength +2 damage.

‘* Enhancement (3 pts) — The fomor can become any
living creature's eal mate, by scanning theie targets
ind, el

System: The force rolls Charbma + Empathy (fi
culty of the target's Rage, or 6, whichever is higher).
Soccen means hate has become that get ial mate
‘e phycal appearance Ifthe ol fal, he simply appears
Snsurce nil iberl gab et
wil el uncomfortable i the fomods pence sea

‘act fonordeperatey want woe ed and nde

+ Exoskleton (2 ps) — The oma asa hard eat
pacelike growth allover her body 18 wally very
trnelke with many gars, eile tes andl shapes
pon iis colorton anges from arty red and dark
town toy black (anesthe Meri: Hidden Powers
purchase, in which cae the exonkeeton is itera,
ting er bones beneath the lesb).

‘Systems The foot adds one det beh her Strength
snd her Sein.

"+ Extra Limbs (3 pt per limb) — Fomor cen haven
suber of ext links, ually inthe for of tentacles ot
tases of tenis: Soch exta limbs often sprovt frm
Akward places for example, an exta arm growin ho +
food's thigh: Such limb comes in ally "handy" at
times This Power might allow the fmoe a atonal
sce attack each cr (by pling hit Dice Pool), in
schicionothatextrahanedto jue the groceries keys and
wallet! Of coune, the fomor doe look at unas and
tray have toide his appearance from the eal startled
Fhomacs that stound him. This Power canbe purchased
smote than once but cons 3 pois for each ne lin

‘System: The fom most declare how many new libs
heharand whatkind. Hecan we thee roattac, although
te must either pit his Dice Pool orhave a Power which
allows extra attack (such as Berek of Exta Spee).

+ Extra Sped (3/6 ps) — The fmor can outmaned
ver normal man,

‘System: For every 3 points (opto maximum of) the
fomormay take one eats ction pet tur withou Ein
her dice pot. When moving, thiallows the character to
snaltipty anormal human's peed by x15 for each three

2yddeum 3040
* Byes ofthe Wyrm (3 pts) — The eyes ofthe fomor
are weied and can actully dilate, revealing images ofthe
‘Wyrm's damnation.

32 FreakLegion

ian


eae A SI

System: An opponent who gazes into the fomor' eyes
‘must make a Willpower roll (ficuty 8) or be frozen i
hortoe (for five turns minus Wits rating: minimum one
tur). The fomoe itself eannoe attack ts vite, but ts
fiends can.

© Foot Pads (1 pt) — The fort has pads on the
bottom of his feet, allowing him to move quietly.

Systems The fomoe subtracts two fom all Stealth oll

olving moving quietly.
1 Frog Tongue (3 pts) —The fomoe can elongate her
tongue anudmake tstick towurfaces She can Mick tout (0
distance of wo yards) and we to grasp things oe ini
damage. Howeverthe tongue can make thefomor'sspeech
Alficult to understand, and give its owner a taste for

System: The fomor rolls Dexterity + Athletics 10
tack targets up to two yards away with che tongue. She
can use grappling manvevers with the tongue: damage
‘sqal to Setength. The fomor can pull grabbed targets
ther witha #2 borus to hee Strength Dice Pool

‘+ Fungal Touch (4 pts) — The inside of the forner's
body has been replaced by 2 fulamelling fangoid wb
stance. The fomot may infect an opponent by touching.

‘Systems The fomor must touch a target to infect him
‘The vietim must make a Seamina roll (difficulty 7) o¢
bexinlosing one poine from all Physical Artributes, aswell
as Appearance, pet day (as the fungus slowly covers
‘him...), The infection may only be cured by supernatural
means (such asthe Gift: Resist Toxin oraealing fetish).
‘Ato fortwo extra pois the fomer exudes the fungoid
mucus over its body, causing all who attack in melee 10
subtract wo from thei dice pool because of the revolting
stench,

rou Gifts (varies) —
Airctly mimic a Garou

that Gift instead of creatinga Powerforit In general, such
Gite coms one Power point pet level ofthe Git +1.

* Gaseous Form (6 ps) — The foror is abe to reduce
Iherbody into a gacous state, aking only one turn to make
the transformation. She ca then glide through the air at
hee walking speed. While in gaseous form, she eannoe be

harmed by kinetic atacks (fists, swords, tc) but electri
iy, fie and radiation wil stil affect her. Alo, most
‘mental and mystical atacks will fect her (except those
‘awolving eye contact; Storyteller' discretion). The ye

‘woally a horrible stench i this frm.
System: The fomor must spend point of Willpower to
become gascous and another to become slid again.
+ Hand from Beyond (4 pts) — The fomor most have
the Power: Umbral Pastage. The fomor can enter the
‘Umea (wing Umbra Pasage) and chen reach back into

the material world to pull other into the spirt world with
him. He can pull more chan one peson as long asall the
targets are balding hands

System: The omar must fint enter the Umea. He
then spends one Gnosis point and pull in one or more
willing targets (the rargets msthold hands); he may bring
Sncme penn x ea prmoen oc pit he or

sess. Ifthe target is ur fomor must make a
Tested Gross oll gs the tage' W power both
aicaly 6)

‘+ Hazardous Breath (varies) — The fomor can bast
‘cut some ort of dangerous ubstance on command — fre,
bullets, poison gus, acidic pte, ee. The attack need not
really be a breath weapon; any sort of long-range hazard
will do.

Syotem: For every two points spent, the character
lnflics one Health Level of th a succesful
Dexterity + Beal roll difficulty 7). The exact specifcar
tions ofthe attack depend on its nature. blast of lame
will have a quicker effec than a gout of deadly go.

For an extra thtee points, the damage can be cause,
{inflicting an additional Health Level pet damage level
‘ech turn until the suff swanhed off the target des.
Napali, caustic gop, gas and toxic waste ate oa ex:
amplesofthiskindot hazard. Either kindof damage canbe
soaked. Breath weapons wally cause normal damage
‘lem the target is vulnerable ochatatack (vampires and
fire, for example). For one point more, the damage Is
asaravated

‘Under most circumstances, this weapon can be used
‘once pet scene for every point of Stamina the character
possesses. Range isthe Storytellers discretion and will
vary from attack to attack (lightning bolts wll carry
farther than acidic drool). Ifthe hazard cou potentially
hhure mote than one target ata time, assume that each
success above the fit allows an adkiional victim to be
Trae fe within range of the attack (roughly two yards
‘or less fom the initial target).

+ Hells Hide (2 per soak die) —This Power provides
the fomor with apeotectve armor effective agaist heat,
fire or radiation damage. The fro' skin has slightly
red tinge

System: The fomor gains one soak die for every two.

* Hide of the Wyrm (1-5 pts) — The fomor has
tough hide thats very hard andleathery-Some have hoge
knots, sales, lumps and he diagusting features to a¢-
company the protection.

‘System: The fomor adds one to her soak dice for every
point spent (maximum 5).

+ Homogeneity (6 pes) — The fomor can cancel the
powers of other supernatural around her.

(ChapterOne:CharacterCreation 3B

aan


|

‘=

a fh

System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rolls Manipulation + Intimidation (dificuly 7). Any
supernatural within 5 yards of the forme wll be affected.
‘air may ote tet Duinn, Guan we
their Gifts, mages cannot we c. Targets may
tet with Willpower als cl

Immunity (varies) — The fomor can ignoce the
effeetsof rome binds of potentially dangerous things Each
kind of resistance mos be bought separately thus, becom:
ing immune to everything is expensive.

Cost Immunity

1 One minor nuisance (poison ivy, common cold

corfu, ince emmperatre changes)

3 Onemajortheeat(dsewes temperature extremes,

{immunity to diseases (3 pois). he would not have tobuy
specific ummunity tothe common cold

* Immunity tothe Delirium (1 pt) — Most ornare
immune tothe Delitium. The W yem-taint has erased the
Veil along with chet humanity. Not all fomoe are this

Pentex injects ts
fomoei with a ypecil serum tha destroy the part of the
brain susceptible to the Deliium.

System: The fomor may ignote the deleterious effects
of witnessing a Gatou in Crinos form.

* Infectious Touch (5 pts) — The fomor is able ro
cause fever and sickness by her touch.

System: The fomorspensdsone Willpower point. makes
Aeshtoflesh contac withthe victin,antmakesa Semin
+ Medicine roll (difculty 7. The victim can ress the
infection by making a Stamina oll dificuley 7). Foeeach
success the fomor scores over the victim will ke one
Health Level of aggravated damage. This damage heals t
the rate of one pet week, daring which time the victim
feels miserable

* Lavisibility (5 pts) —This Power renders che fomoe
Invisible tall means of detection. As lng as he initiates
‘noatacks his body and aura are hidden from all fers of
detection except the Gif: Sense Wyrm (although this
Gift will noe pinpoint his exact location, only his W ym
corrupted presence). Once he initiates an attack, he
immediately becomes visible.

System: The foro spends one Willpower point and
rolls Wits + Stealth (dificuly 7, Anyone who wpe
«ally searchingforsomeone hidden may makea Perception
+ Alertness cll (difcuty 8) resisted by the fomor's
Invisibility successes. This effect lasts for one scene oF
tuncl the fomoe enters combat.

This esa to an extra

* Lashing Tail 3 pes) —
limb, but cannot be wed for precision work. (This Power
canbe:

© Malleate (6 pts) — The fomor can secrete a venom
‘which tums the victim' sbody intoa malleable mas. tcan
besretched like taffy, kneaded like dough or molded ike
clay. The pathetic lappings and indecipherable mewlings
of acnce proud Garou, ashe begs fora fast death, ia sad
tight indeed. Malleate only affects living tau
‘System: The fomnor must infit damage ontothe target
with a natural piercing atack (fangs, stinger, ee.) and
spend one Willpower point. Ifthe fomoe has no sich
ratural weaponry, his bite wall do Strength -1 damage
(scaly 5). Each tar after being bitten, the victen wil
suffer one Health Level of aggravated damage which may

‘ot be soaked. This venom works ts way into his ter
fone tum pe pin of damage the fone intialy
che

Incapacitated he may still move but he has no fine motor
control. Once all Health Levels inflicted bythe venom
heal, the victim retums to normal. The Gifts: Resist
Toxin, Doppleganger and Adaptation allow Garou to
resist this Power.

‘ Mega-Attrbute (varies) — The Wyrm has granted

‘the fomot mhuman enhancements to his natural apa
‘System: For every three Power points spent, the fomor
smay ether add one do toany one Attribute (may go over
Simaxiemm 8) or add one Health Level tothe character's
tora (macimuen three extra),
‘These effect ate permanent; no roll is required. How:

‘Mind Blast (5 pts) — The fomor sends a mental blast,
of energy into a target's mind, immobilising his with
pain.

‘System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rolls Wits + Intimidation (dificuley 6). The target can
resist witha Willpower roll (difficulty 6). The fomor can
affect any one target within his line of ight. The wetim
‘may take no actions for one turn er succes.

‘+ Mind Rape (6 pts) — The fomor can wrest hidden
‘thought from a target's mind. This is ineredibly invasive
mind reading.

FreakLegion

ary,


ae ad LS

Systems The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rallsincelligence + Intimidation (dficuly 6). The eargee
can esist witha Willpower oll (dificulty 6). Ifthe fomoe
Issuccessful he may ead the target's mind, leaning even
the most hidden thoughts

Successes Effect

1 ‘The target' surface thoughts may be
tead (current emotions, thoughts)

2 The target's dep thoughts may be read
(cccent memories)

Me Anythingthe target thinks or emembers
smay be read

+ Molecular Weakening (4 pts) —Thefomorcan tear
apart the bonds which hold things together. Ths can be
combined with hand-to-hand ot ranged attacks

‘System: The fornot must fie succesfully hi the target
with her desired atack. He then spends one Willpower
point and rolls Perception + Medicine if the target is
‘organi, ot Perception + Repai ifthe target is inorganic
(Giticuley 8 for boeh). If succesfl wih this second rol
the damage inflicted on the target is doubled (before
soak),

uth ofthe Wyrm (4 pts) — This Powerallows the
swallow objects as large aa medium sized dog ot
a small person. Ofcourse, the object must be within the
trasp ofthe fomor. If che creature serving as lunch is noe
dead when swallowed, i may suffocate if i cannot some
how geout. The fomor will digest the creature a food A
undigestible parts (bones, shoes, lames, et.) wil be
climinated normally.

System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rollsStamina + Athletisto devour the target. Ifthe target
instil alive, hes treated as suffocating (se p. 197-198
the Werewolf rulesbook) Ihe has natural weapon, he
may try to cut himself fee. All attacks ate a dificulty 7;
the fomor may soak as normal, but i he loves half bis
Health Levels from such an atack then the targets cut
«hole in his stomach big encugh to crawl frm,

‘+ Nightmare Command (3 pts) — This subtle Power
affects sleeping victims only the fomoe twists het targets
dreams into night teroe. This equites some fariiarity
with the target — it's hard to get that feito a erage'

‘= and a faie amount of time. Once succenl
however, Nightmare Command can dive someone from
sleeplessness to madness i a few shore weeks. Lovers,
chiklren or parent and roommates are common victians

and perpetrators — ofthis obacene art.

Te fomor must remain perfectly sill and reach into
har victim's subconscious t perver his dreams. If she'
incerupted, the Power fails Once she's in the targets
deeams, she can cause whatever mental havoc waits her
fancy ike Corrupted Visions, this most effective when
she knows which buttons to push, This Power i not
however, without its cost: each night's ue leaves the
fomor ied and haggard the nextday. While this means

yma


ne A

lite in game terms, going fr too long without 2 good
sleep will affect anyone's mind. Long-term Nightmare
‘Command often tums into an endurance bute beoween,
the fomor and her subject.

‘System: The fomoe rolls Manipulation + Empathy
(aificley 7. Each succes creates a more vivid night-
mare: one success might merely twist a dream down an
cunpleasane path three would bring onafal-blown night-
‘mare, andfive woul! viewally rap the sleepin arecursive
loop of heroes. Only one rll can be made per night. The
victim must make a Willpower roll ro awaken from the
twisted dream. The difculty fr thsrolls5 + for every
succes the fomor rolls. three-tccess nighemare,
would demand a roll against difculty 8; lke the Power
itself this Willpower escape can be rolled only once pet
night, unless some third party interrupt the dream.

Each uninterrupeed week of nightmares reduces the

Willpower rating by one. If he reaches sro Will
power, he goes insane, and will tay that way wncil he
teceives some kind of treatment — extended therapy ot
Gitcheaing (se below) — of until his Willpower "heals
back (which takes one week pet point, pombly longer
the foro really did a number on hin).

The Gifs: Calm, Fabric ofthe Mind, Head Games,
Mindspeak or Ultimate Argument of Logic tay all eal
this Power's eects in days of even hours: Fabic of the
Mindand Mindspeak, however, force the Garouto goto
the victin'sdreams and combat the horton therein before
hhecanheal. Spiricand physical ealingsdo no good — the
damage is within the subject' mind, not his body or sul

* Nimbleness (2 pts) —Thefomor especially nimble
and can easily keep her balance while performing fats
‘which would cause another peson to tumble.

System: The fomot adds two dice tall rolls asocated
with jumping. climbing and balance

* Noxious Breath (2 pts) — The fomor can release
poisonous fumes into the air which make those within
twenty yards cave cigarettes. The fumes lok and snel
ke cigarette smoke. In addtion, the ga weakens the lang
tisue of those who beeath i Repeated exposure to the
noxious breath over several weeks or months leads to the
development of lng cancer in victins.

Systems The fomor rolls Stamina + Medicine (diffi-
culty 6). successful, the fumes willcover 20 yards around
the fomor. Anyone within that range must make a Will
power rll (difficulty 6) or get an iresistble vege for 2
cigarette (thisafectsevennonsmokers). Those whobotch
theie Willpower ollssufferone Heath Levelof damage to
theit lungs. This damage cannot be waked and is consid
cred aggravated.

' Numing (3 pts) — The fomor's body can become
‘completely numb. She feels no pain. However, she is
‘numb to all sensation. She cannot talk propery (her
tongue feel tly anesthetized) and she may cut
herself and fel nothing, which may result in infected ot

ngrenous wounds che fom is unaware of. Many fomor
trth this Power end up mining toes, fingers and other
sevll body pars they have damaged, chen neglected.

‘System: The fomoe spends one Willpower point and

rolls eamina + Medicine (diffculey 6). The effec last fot

‘Phoenix Fite (5 pts) — The fomor can sel-immo-
lace, becoming a walking bonfite. The flames do no
damage tothe fomor, but wll ignite any flammable iter
they touch (exploding ammo, anyone!) and may alo set
fie to any building the fer is nade
‘System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
tals Sumi + Occ (Aix 7), Th fies ae
considered a raging chemical ire (three Health Levels of
damage; dificalry9 to soak). The effect lasts ong tun pet

‘ Plasmic Form (6 pts) — This is similar t Gaseous

fece wil. The plasmic format can low into extemely tight
spaces (asthe Power: Rat Head; se below). The liquid
fomor cannot be harmed by kinetic attacks (fists, swords
tc) butelectricty.fiteandradiation wllstilafect him
‘Also, most mental and mystical attacks will affect him
(except those involving eye contact; Storytellers disre-
tion).

Sytem: The fomeor mas spend apoint of Willpower to
‘become liquid and ypend another point to become slid
again.

'* Poison Tumors (3 pts) — The fomor is covered in
‘amos filled with noxious pus — whenever the forors
hhc with a claw (or other sharp weapon), the attacker s
splattered with pus.

‘System: When the fomor is hit with «claw, the at
tacker must immediately attempt to sak three dice of
‘aggravated damage as pus splaters over him. Ifthe at-
‘ache bites the fomor, he must soak five dice he foot
‘shi with a melee weapon, the attacker must make a
Dexterity rol (dificulty6) to avoid the ying puso ake
damage as above. Firearms ae, of couse, safe

+ Proceeation (4 pts) — The fomor can transit &
‘Bane through Blood and semen — any encounter involv
{ng bodily fuids can spread the Bane. The Bane will hen
attempt to possess the recipient of the fluids. The fore
‘may only pass on a Bane simile to that which posested
him (a Soe of Typhon may only pas on one of Typhon's
Brood: a fomort family member may only pas on the
family Bane).

36 FreakLegion

ayy,


ne AZ

Spee Thefomce mat pend pint Willpower ot
the moment bodily fluids ae passed to a recipient. The
Bane will hen begin the proces of possession (as per the
(Charm: Posesion, from the Werewolf rulebook).

* Prolonged Life (4 pts) — The fomoe's narra ie
spun is greatly prolonged. This is not true
since the force will die of natural causes eventually
(natural death amongst fomon is practically unknown).

"This Power has a pice: the fomor has the Taine: Adi
tion (monthly cycle; see below).

‘System: No rol equied: the fomor has extended life
slong ashe regularly asuages his given addiction at eas
once a month.

Bat Hed 4p) —ThsPowersamed ethers

can thus squeeze through holes smaller than a quarter
‘System: The frmot rolls Dexterity + Athletic (fi-

culty 6). The effect Insts for one "aide" (until the force

reaches an area wher than is original sie). The fomot

tmnt wigale lke a nak inorder propel tel forward
At

Hl means that the fom suck. Ke may rake
fother rll to dsl itself but the dficuly fe each,
adltionalattempeis increased by one (the Power Sloe
Soot rehces the dficuley by three). The fomor may slide
‘atone hal his normal running speed.

+ Regeneration (5 pts) — The fomor recovers fom
normal, non-agravated damage in the same fashion a+
Garou. Aggravated damage, from fire or fetish weapons,
‘annot be regenerated (its healed at the rate of ne
Health Level per day). The metabolic erations neces-
sary for neatly instantaneous recovery frm even motal
‘wounds take thie toll on the "human" sytem, however,
trfomor wo poms thle Power aly de om cancer

30s.

Stina dificaty 6), or aps Rage pane he ashe
Power: Benetker

* Roar of the Wyem (4 pes) — The force is abe to
strike terror into the heats of all nea het by suing cis
suttral scream.

System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rollsCharsma + ltinidatin (dficuly 6). Allwho heat
‘must make a resisted Willpower oll (ically 6) o rama
fast and far as they can to getaway fom the force.

* Savage Genitalia (2 pts) —John Bobbi nightmare;
the fomor (regards of gender) has genitals with some
‘menacing feature Male variations include excenivelength
14" +) or hardness, thorns, sandpaper texture or curved
barbs female verions are infamous for teeth, sipping
suction and internal meat grinders. This obvioutly mo
‘00d in combat, but devastating in bed

Using this Power requires sexual contact after thatthe

Inner Volcano, sme truly hideous torments may be
devised: incorporating Extra Limbs ito ths Power can
uplicate some ofthe weitder perversions of hand-core
Japanese animé, like vaginal tentacles or gun-wielding
phall,

‘System: No toll requited: sexually engaged victims
receive one non-soakable Health Level of damage per
‘um. The "ipecial features" ae not wally evident until
is too late, and geting away without permanent damage
4s dficule — the fomot must often be knocked uncon
scious, and even that may not be enough. While Garou
‘may regenerate this damage, normal people wil have
some... problems adjusting. Even a werewoll is liable 69
‘ary emotional sar from sch injures after the physical
damage fades.

' Scent the Wyld (oe Weaver) (5 pts) —The fomor
1s able to mask his Wyem nature by wrapping himself
serongly nthe aura cfeither the Wyld or the Weaver (the

ice to do both), This Power

thet regular difficulty. Red Talons can automaticaly see
through Scent ofthe Wyld

System: The fomoe rolls Charisma + Sobterfge dif
aly 6). The effect ass for one scene Ihe botches he is
‘unaware that chis Power i inefective, and may place
ies in danger believing he is safe.

' Sense Gaia (2 pts) — The fomor can sense manifes-
tations of Gata i the nearby atea. This Power requires
sctive concentration.

System: The fomor rolls Perception + Occult. The
ical ishased onthe strength and concentration ofthe
"Gauastench " Sensing an average werewolf would havea
Aificuley of 6. The range is 20 yards.

' Sease The Unnatural (2 pts) — Similae 19
Garou Gift ofthe same name, this Power allows the fomor
‘tosenell any supernatural being present, such a vampites,
werewolves, mages, wraiths and other si 5
Ragabash Git: Scent of Running Water negates this
Power)

‘System: The fomor rolls Perception + Occult (if
cukry 6). An additional roll of Intelligence + Enigmas
(Cficley 6) may be required to determine what kind of
supematural creature has been scented. The range is 20

* Shadowplay (4 pts) — The fomor can manipulate
the shadows ahout him, and pull them together ino a
lobe. Most people willbe unablerosee through thisdense

e:CharacterCreation 37

LE TS TA SI


el 1th

shadow. Minor we ofthis Power can add to the fomoe's
‘Stealth rolls as wells Intimidation. The fomoe i always
able tose in his own shadows.

‘Systems The fomor rolls Wits + Stealth (ficaly 6).
‘The effect ass for one turn per success unlessa Willpower
point sspentin which case, the effect nse for one scene
‘The total radius that can be manipulated is 15 yards.

+ Shapechange (varies) — The fornor is able to trans-
form hs boxy into the shape ofa something else, such as
an animal or even another penson. These new shapes are
alwaysacomupted venion ofthe natural animalor perione
‘mangy, misshapen, and Wyrm- maddened

‘System: The fomor spends one Willpower point and
rolls Stamina + Athletics (dficuly 6). Transformation
tually takes one run, although the nature ofthe change
may dictate quicker shift. The fomor can shift
buck into his "natural" form a will. Any clothing, equip-
‘ment or weapons should be discarded fe ules the new
form could carry them as wel,

‘ThisPower only grants the abilicytochangeshape. Any
non-human characteritics of the new form must be p=
chased with the appropriate Advanrages. Ifthe fomoe
were to shift from human form into a white falcon, he
woul ao have to purchase Wings, Claws ad reduced
Site, regardless of which form wa his tel one.

Cost Forms

3 The omor has one alternate form.
5 Thefomor can transform into anything within a

7. The fomor ean change into anything if he has
‘enough Advantages that apply.

* Size (2/4/6 pts) — This Power 6 « permanent
alteration in the fom' sie; he may not shift back to
normal propotions(unles he has a Power which allows
him to do so, such as Shapeshift)

‘System: Each sce level adds or suberacts one Health
Level to the amount of damage the character can with
stand (note that a ra with four Health Levels i sil a

pretty tough rat!) and gives or takes one addtional point
{iter Suength or Stamina Although it Seems tke
langer characters come of beter than smaller one at ist
tlance, consider whatinconveniencesa massive beinghas
when hiding, getting into cramped places, and evading
attacks. Companions with two levels of size either add oe
suberat one rom thei opponent difficulties thi thers
‘or spot them: ones with thece add oe wberact two.

Cost Effect

2A bie larger (pony, lion) oe smaller (mast,

cheetah) than human.

4 Aletre(ome igs ow) arama (ool,

‘housecat, barracuda) than

Content Un gt dd,
small tree or smaller (mows, goshamt, sea urchin)
than human.

+ Skittersght (2 pts) — This weird Power allows the
fomor to pullout her eyes twist the optic nerves into feet
and scod the eyes scurrying down hallways and around
‘comers in order to se things normally obscured. She'll
have to be carefl — if the eyes get squashed, she'll be
forever blinded. (Fomor with Regeneration will grow new
‘eyes in one month.)

‘System: Pulling out your own eyes requires « Will:
power rol difficulty 8; 7for frequent users). This doesn0
damage, buthurtslike ell Aterthat, the eyes may un
toa lock away under their own Powe, andanything they
see will "appa" within the fore' brain as if he eyes
‘were sill attached: this maybe coupled with Daksight for
cextrasensoey The eyes can say separated from

their body for up to an hour: after tha, they decay
completely within another two hours. Any damage the
‘eyes sustain while skitering around will impait (or di-
able) the fomor's normal eyesight

* Slither Skia (4 pts) — The skin ofthe frnoe i

Level. Her ghastly appearance willhoreify all whose her,
a she is living anatomy lewon. The skin, meanwhile,
stalls along like a hollow perion without bones or eyes,
chasing horned victims into the arms of is skinless
tmaster. The Wyrm'suse of such fomor in Ireland gave
‘twtales of Nuckalavee the Skinless, while che atacks on
the Nodes in Hait ate remembered by the Wyrm-woe-
shipping Cochons Sans Poi, sect of Bata barabhi
‘mages.

System: The foro spends one Willpower point and
tolls Dexterity + Athletics (dificult 6) The effect lasts
for one scene, at which time the skin must return to the
fomor or disintegrate. The skin's Physical Aneibutes are
allone dor each and ithas one Health Level. The skin can
walk any distance away from the foro. If the skin is
estroyed, the fomor will grow another one after one
‘month,

* Slobher Snot (3 pts) —The Fomor' skin is coveted
‘wich small warts which exctete an extremely lick and
sunny lie. Thsilime renders the fomor's body virtually
fictions, making it almost imposible for opponents t0
rasp the fomoe. The sly gel also helps the fomoe £9
squeeze through tight spaces. Slobber Snot disolves al
‘most insanely in dizer sun light. Most fomori who take
this Power are highly vulnerable to the Crasies (see
Tain).

System: The fomor spends one Willpower point. The
effec lasts for one scene. During this time, opponent
Aificaltes to grapple o grab the Fomor suffer a penalty of

FreakLegion

AO Te

tak.


thre. In adiition, the fomor ads one to er soak dice
against Bune weapons (clus, fists, t:). Opponents ey
ing toteack afore with Slobber Sno suberact thee fom
theie difficulties, due tothe distinctive smell,

* Spirit Ties (3 pes) — The fomnor has an innate
connection tothe spit world which allows him 2 Groaie

System: The fomor begins the game with one Grosis
point which he can we and regain ust like any Garou. He
may purchase extra Gnosis points with freebve points
(cost 2 per pot.
tomach Pumper (3 pts) — The fomoe is able to
vomit forth all he has recently eaten covered in acidic
slimy stomach juices single blast can cover a single foe.

ls Stamina Beal (difficulty).
0 dice of damage, but the victim
‘must expend a point of Willpower to keep from stopping
whatever he is doing and star gagging: Only three such
ast may be performed between compete meals

The ultimate Power of

‘enticement. The fomor can ental anges, causing them
to want nothing more than to be neat hie

Systean The fomo
‘The blast inflicts only

wm: The fore spends one Willpower point sed
ripuation + Subcerfuge (ficuley ofthe target's
Willpower). If the roll succeeds, the target will be en
thraled, wanting oth
whenever posible che rol fai, the are wil il find
the fomnoratractive, but will not be enchanted by his
beauty I the ol isa bch, the target Knows that theres
decidedly wrong with the fomoe, something
very dangerous about associating with the creature. Foe
every scene in which the fomor s around his targets he
can attempt his roll again if more than 10 cumulative
successes ate achieved, che target wil be fanatialy mes
merzed by the fomor, and will deste to serve and protect
the fomor at any cout
Baby (3 pts) — The fomor's skin s made of
thick, sticky subseance like molasesor tar. Anything that
comes into foreful contact with the skin wil tick eo
ikea flyon flypaper — this includes Garou or others who
teytograpple, punch, claw or kick the fomor, Objects ach
thing that are slid slowly pas the skin wil ot ticks
ly foreful contact activates the tackiness.

System: Anyone attacking the Fomor in brawling comm
tot getsaruck to the fomor: Treat this wif the fom
succesfully grappled the opponent. The opponent may
note whatever limb suck tothe Fomor be must make
aresisted Serength toll versus the fomor's Seamina +310
‘scape. Ifthe fomor ishitbyamelee weapon, he may make
arsed Strength roll verwisthe user's Strength 0 wrest
the now-stuck weapon from the opponents hands

* Toxic Seeretions (2 pt per de) — This Power turns
the fomor's bodily fluids into toxic waste.


E

—_ five points) need not breathe at all. This Power also

ee A

System: As promised above, the fomor's Blood, spi,
seat,cjaculateandother ids inflict damage on anyone
‘coming into contact with them: a Garou biting ot clawing
the fomor would shower herself with the secretions, 2
would intimate partners, tormentors ot anyone else tn
close contact. The damage isone die pertwo Power points
spent. Thistoxi damage maybe voaked, butit"clings"on
the frst turn, it does fll damage. Ate that, i loves one
die of potency pe turn, bu inflicts damage une ie" wears
cof" (there are no mote dice). Each tur requies 2 new
sak rll fom the vite.

Toxic Secretions are often voluntary until something
rovokes an involunary reaction —heat willmake the force
sweat, pain may make him cry, and obviows call of matcewill
smake him eliminate. At the higher levels of toric, the
fomor begins to damage hit envicement; sx pots will
disolve clothing in one tue, nine will disolve rope, 12,
wood, and 15 porcelain or even concrete! Force with Toxic
Secretions often ser from the Taint: Duitegration, te
Aectng the damage the Power inflicts upon set"

* Umbra Passage (5 pts) — The fomor must have the
Power Sprit Tis: Umteal Pasage allows the fomoe 0
step sideways in and out ofthe Uinta jus like a Garou.

‘System: The fomoe rolls Gnosis agaist a dficuley
‘equil to the Gauntlet of the area. Use the Seepping
Sileways chart inthe Werewolf rulesbook(p. 178) tsee
how longi takes ro cros-over.

* Venomous Bite (3 pts)
pustulent Bue, poisonous foam

‘Systems The fomnor must it inflict atleast one Health
Level of damage on a target through a bite attack. The
ois inflicts Stamina + 2 aggravated damage; this dam
‘ge cannot be soaked. (The Fianna Gift: Resist Toxin will
prevent the poison damage)

+ Voice ofthe Wyrm (4 pts) — The fomors tongues
Aonjgand sluice, and the fomoe may speak inthe Wye
own language

‘Systems When thefomor chants the vile llablesofthe
Dark Litany al n heating range (save Wye creatures)
must make a Willpower ell (ficulry8) love half hee
Gnosis points. This Power may only be wed on a given
etim once pet encounter. The tongue may aso lick
‘opponents in close combat, inficting two dice of damage.

* Wall Walking (4 pts) — The foros hand od feet
are sticky, allowing hie to run up sheer surfaces at easily
ashe ean move on flat ground.

System: Norolls normally required to walk wall bat
a Dexterity + Athletics roll may be requied in combat
situations, to retain hold on the surface. Thiol may also
benecessary ifthe surface is particularly difficle (eg wet
ss).Certain surfaces (such as wet ce) ace almont totally
frictionless and cannot be climbed.

‘© Water Beeathing (2/5 pts) — With ths simple
omer, the fomor may either Breathe underwater ce (oe

The fomor's saliva a

confers a certain degree of resistance to underwater pres:

suresand decompression problems, although considerable
<epehs or radical changes (going from SOO feett030in ess
‘than a minte) will cause sme damage

+ Webbing (5 ps) —The ome asa special pland aboot
the ze and shape fa octal ver his abdomen. The onan
‘hasan orifice wally above the navel. The organ cante wed
1 create masive aments of webbing similar to that of|
sper. Foor mat lear how to urls the webbing, making
‘Wetenaking ail. The for may se 1 seal of things,
‘apae opfonents, oo lower himself from high positions

System: The webbing has six souk dice and three
Health Levels. ts extemely strong and sticky, allowing
the fomoe to entrap his prey. Entrapped victims mast make
1 Screngch rll resisted by the web's Suength of 8. The
webbing is thicker than a spiders almost one inch in
diameter, butitisverysheerand had tosee froma distance
without a Perception + Alertnes roll (dificult 7),

' Wings (3/5 ps) — This obvious Power grants the

fomor the ability fy. The nameisabicmleaing The
churcter does no actualy have to have wing, hough
her player wil ned a god rationale o parce non

‘rae Forde plo fone yop
smal man ong eed (1 yen). Foret
meyerrerdOyeh pete Wideferewinge/ewimay
fuk tt eed by ing tht Dewey sore hee
Fiche velcro thor tan

Caints

Mase ben of ee gs

Exeral parasites feeding on remains

~DeconpeelPaen by Ack

Taina the orl dcvrages ned fom ei
ing the Whom: Alene wo the dap of erpticn
tome ota ey cot Fomet mat hve Tals fo pin
Rome Exch Tot pote pete chara obe pnt
Cirle perce Poe

Nona, Tatar pun! hough
stores Simin Tana all Se wil er hve
(Ghnk Gaia): But emetic an event lsh ies
feats coms es eloce mae hone en epost
for Ths can te ong eanding ins Helo
BipkewhensteatWykdsorncome thane tou
Oreos the ect mile vine he aes
rong ta ono the Back Spin Labyrinth Senay not

‘ence points to go with i (the Wyrm's deformities ae often
‘ccompunied by new "Blesings') See Eperiee, above

FreakLegion

a nreyy,


a——,


eo A LS

Systems Afterthefomor undergoes five turns of mcces:
sive exposure to Bolefie, roll her Stamina (dificuley 9)
Atte Storyelle's option, particularly extreme exposure
toBialeire may lower the dificulty ofthe Stamina rll. If
succesful, the fomoe gains anew Taine chosen randoenly
(Gee below). Thisnew "curse" fom the Wyrm is insane —
the character immediately undergoes a painfl transfor-
tation for three tums, during which she can take no
actions, not even to defend herself. Afterwards her new
Taine wll display itself (such as an arm falling of fsb is
inflicted wich Rotting)

‘This Taint does noe make thefomot immune to Balefire:
unless she purchases Immunity (see above) she wil suffer
fay somal damage fom the toxin (ee che eb,

ve).

[Random Taint! Refer tothe chart at the begining of|
this chapter. Each Taint has a number led by on a
range of 1-100. Rol percentile dice (2410, with one die
‘acting as the ones column and the other as the tens
column; "00" equals 100) to determine which Taint is
chosen.

* Bane Attractor (3 ps) — Banes hate you and they
come to sce you about i

‘Systems Youwill always draw the atention of any local
Banes, and they will wually stop theie normal asks to
harass you. They cannot posess you (you are already
possessed by a Bane), but they will do what they can tO
serew you over shor directly harming you (they feat you
may have friends to avenge you). For instance, a Shalge
elemental may leave gusting dropping ot you to ep
fon, ruining your shoes. This Taint may alo attract Garou,
‘who might come by to se what all the commotion i.

* Brainwashed (3 pts) —The Bane within has realy
done a number on you mind, forcing you to believe what
{wants yout. This brainwashing comes i the frm of a

‘obsessive belief the most common ft omer
rings bid opto Paster. Thee omer erecompeny
1men (women/things) to the death. Other beliefs can bea
religious eal forthe Wyrm o one of ts manifestations, 3
paranoid suspicion of "softies" (humans) diehard belief
that Garou are demons out to destroy the earth, or any
other extteme conviction which may well ead the fomoe
{nto a dangerous, no-compromisentuation.

System: Whenever the fomor's beliefs questioned, he
will usally go through three distinct stages: denial, anger
ad finally doubt For instance, if Garou were t ty 0
convince Pentexloyal fomor that Pentex bad ot him
and the world, the fomor would fist scoff ar such a
thought. If proof were brought forward, the fomor would
believe ie wns
such evidence Ifthe proof pile up, undeniable
fomor may begin to doukse — and thus his wold falls to
pieces. Such fomori become suicidal, and weualy ery t0
estoy the former object of thei Beit

* The Crasties (3 pts) — Think ofthe worst case of

dandraf you've everscen. Now imagine over the entice

body and multiply its severity a hundred times. Thats the
"Scrum

‘Crates aka the Serie). The Crates is
‘malady common to fomori with the Slobber Snot Power
(Gee above.

‘System: Forthreetoten daysevery month Storyteller'
‘opion) the fomor's skin dries out and is covered with a
thick, erst residue. This residue fakes off in large crum-
biypicces Itleavevatrilfine brown pomdereverywhere
the fomnor goes. The dust collect in clothes, lungs, and
pecially eyes dfficulry to Dexterity and Perception
rolls de to discomfort). No matter how much the fomot
scratches, picks, or bathes (the very thought of bathing is
‘enough to terrify many fomori there seems to eno way
‘of seopping it. Thre are popula folklore storiesamong the
Freabiee| ly Edy. They say he got the
Crusis so bad that he is now fertilizing  Stargaer'sZen
sarden in Tibet. Sader.

* Derangement (3/2/1 pts) — Many of the Wyrm's
chosen rerun from thee genesis ewisted i not just boy,
thor mind alo. While ii rare to have more than one
Derangement, i s posible. However, the second De-
‘angement only worth two points and the thie s only

‘Amnesia: You remember nothing of your Ife before
teecoming a fomoe. Sometimes you can't remember what
you di yesterday.

‘Choromania: You just can' stop dancing. You tum
eveything you do into a spontaneous dance (you ae not
ecesarily good a it, though).

Delusions of Grandeur: Youbelieve youre "chosen" by
the Wyrm, and only you can perform the deed
for itsukimate conquest: Why won't others recognize this?

Habromania: You havea constant morbid gaity which
ther fomori may find sick. You don't neces crack
Jokes abou tut youdo gale at the most perverse times

Hallucinations: You were 10 unhinged by the Bane
possesion that your very perceptions now reverberate
with ts meaningless madness. At random times, you will
sce and hear things which are not really there

Homicidal: You want to kil kil kill and kil again.

Insecure: Youare never sure where you stand with your
First Team or even yours. secur former! usually have
very lee Wallpowee.

Klazomania: You have a constant compulsion toshout,
‘ther than speak normally. This will drive those around
you eazy you'd better have the muscle to hack it up.

Manic: Everything you do, you do to the hilt and with
chhesiveenerpy, hich sometimes causes you tobur out
‘with exhaustion before you want fo.

Masochism: You love i when pain i inflicted on you.


eA

Mulkiple Penonalities You have slic pesonaitis,

latent possibilities awoken within the fomor, or mueiple
possessing

‘Obsession: You fixated on something during your pos-
session, and you cannot forget it. Every moment, it sims
ino yourconsciousness. You must pursue tilt ceases to

niformation.
Jchiles eel You will rc ches from ovcng by
drawing their attention to another characteritic of yours,
such as bullying, cleverness o sup.

Paranoia: You know that something even wore than

Wyrm. This dom cannot be avoided foros who have ried

‘Sealy ive thet lives asf every day could be thet ast

1 The Fading (5 pes) — The fomoe's psyche has only
the most tenuous offeotholison reality. Thsisnotmerely
{insanity The fomor's mind hasan affinity wth one of the
aspects ofthe Tratie Wyrm (or one ofthe Urge Wyrm),
and sactvely trying toee this tealityt0"jin" with that
‘Wyrm. The Storyteller decides which Wyrm the charac-
terisconnected with. The fomorhasan insanity tha sthe
‘equivalent ofa Derangement (ee above).

I the foo is ever in the presence of her particular
spect of the Wye, or one of ts more powerful servants
(eg, 2 Macjin kncarna), het mind will be torn away 0
feather empower that being (no rol). The only way this
‘may be avoided iif that W ym decides to Taint the fomor

your Bane tried to ge you dur
tion and wll beck, You dott know what twat and
you know ichas allies — bat who? |

Jal the time, even when

Phobia: You fear one thing erestly. But what? could
te: dig nature, echo) uma, wolves takes
closed paces (tunnel), the dark, Bane, ec Be creative.

Sadan: You love tft pin onto others

Temperament Youare prone to just faking out and
Aesng it You may frenzy (with none ofthe benef) if
rhe too far (oll Willpower agaist a Storytllerdeer-
‘mined dificult).

* Disintegration (6 pts) — This spite with one of
the fomors Powers This Powe isan at estuctive 0
Iimasitistoother Eachtimehe wetjhetakera Heath
Levelt (non-aggavated, non acakable damage. Une
the fomor has Regeneration, this heal at att of ene
Health Level pet hout and hort like che devil. Using the
fatal Power to often can ad wil kil he character. fhe
ses o Crippled, hel begin to dasolve; these wounds
fequite atleast a day pe Levelt eal. Any damage that
fushimbelow incapacitated at thispointtumstbe moe
toa icky acl of potoplas

* Doomed (varies) — The fomer has only a certain
umber of yeartolive.Attheendofthistime she will de

‘painfal death,
Points Years to live
1 S years
2 3yeans
3 Lye
4 6 months
5 month,

‘Thove doomed fomeri who ate abo Consecrated (ce Back-
rounds) wil sufer the "Cal." The force wil evenly be
summoned t the ite of her making tobe devoured by the

for some reason ( 's discretion), Such a poll
tion wll permanently scat the fomor (ada Derangement
sod sukerct wo Willpowes)

‘Sytem: The force mast stra daily to keep het mid
foe eng this realy: pon awakening each dy (orig,
tthe forme is noctural, roll Willpower (dificulty 5). A
fGailre means that the fom loves pont of Willpower
When al the foe' Willpower gone, 0 ihe

‘Infections (4 pts) —Chooveaparticulat Power topait
with this Taine. Whenever something oes wrong with the
‘oe of that Power, the character wffersa gangrenous infec:
ton. For example fom's Slither Skin is destoyed by a
Garou before de fore could put the skin back on. With-
‘at his skin the fomoe suffers a bad infection,

System The fom wil lose one Health Level pr day
venuilhe isCrippled. This damage wlleal after one week,
at the rae of one Level per dy.

* Inet Voleano (5 pts) — Burn, baby, bum! Inside
the Bane-riden one, temperatures ie to unhealthy lev-
els Shehasa perpetual fever, srong enough tobreak most
‘thermometers under the best of eircumatances; when she's
under stres or exertion, this fever htealy cooks her for
‘within. Death by cis Taine i gruesome and unpleasant.

Each three cums of hard physical labor (combat, rune
ing, heavy iting ce.) panfullyinfictsonenon-scakable
Health Level on the hapless fomor. Naturally, anyone
‘who gestoo close tothe character during ths stage shares
her pain: a penon who hold, carries, sleeps with of

of reasons: he has lost ale, his legs are shorter, he has 0
legrand mustslitherlikeasoake,cte-Halvethe character's

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation a

IY,


‘normal running distance. This Taine can alo be pur-
chased for other mades of movement, sch a flight ifthe
character has the Power: Wings.

‘* Mental De-evolution (varies) —Choose aparticular
Power to pair with this Taint. Whenever that Power is
wed the character may sue alow in mental capably
Tie los is temporary, although the more frequently the
Power isuied, the moce permanent the Mental De-evolu-
tion becomes

System: Every time the Power paired with this Tain is
wed, the character must make a Willpower rll diicul
6). che ell ssuccessful there sn effec. Me rol
the character ose number of dot fom one of her Men
AAtinbutesequal tothe amount pointsthe playerchooses
for this Taint. The Mental Atebute affected (Perception,
Incelligence oe Wits) must be chosen when the Taint is
taken. This ou lass for one scene the roll botches, he
character les one dof that Attribute — permanently

Example: Lars has the Animal Control Power, which
hepaistolntelligence Devolution (he takes 4 pointsfor
the Taine) Laer he wes his cla bear. He
mont also make 1 Willpower rll to rest Mental De
cvolution. In thiscas, he fal, and oss four dots fom bis
Tnseligence. The player explains this effect as Las be
coming move aninallatic this thinking, avde-ffect of
controling ania

character drops to zero in any Attribute, consult the
following chart
Autribute Effect
Perception Thecharacter ules ersoryepeivation
(she i blind, deal, domb and rnb to
touch, nor ean she taste).

Incelligence The character thinks only on an
animal level of instinct, and can pet-
form no higher fonctions whatsoever —
which inclades speech,

Wies Thecharacterisextremely slow. Actions
take twice as long to perform, a com
plicated actioos may not be performed at
all. The character — regardless of his
Powers (such at Extra Speed) —cannot

‘e Rage points for extra actions. The

character ara acts ast ina given tur,
even afer othce characters ave taken
all heir multiple actions.

+ Matoid Cancer (4 pts) — This combined Taint

(although itis almost a Power) scycicl. Episodes ast for

‘month, and occur every other month,

fomor's skin can be politely termed as "blotchy" during
thisseage


LA Be

Inthe second week, the changeisfar more pronounced.
Blotchy skin givesaway toa seething, owing

‘of cabs, running sores and rolling muscle (Appearance
becomes zo). The fomor grows an additonal foot gain-
ng two extra does of Strength and another Health Level
The fomor also exedes a wlfurou tench.

Inthe third week, the fomor doesn't appear remotely
human, even in outline. Additional limbs spring unbid-
den from the foror's body and then resubmerge just as
quickly. The Fomor' skin is now a thick, blood red cara-
face. Thecarapaceispataly solid, partially gelatinous
consistency and adds three tothe fomor'ssoak dice Black,
vinavtich blood flows freely from the fomoe's orifices.
‘Those who ingest this Blood (by swallowing ioe though
‘pen wounds) must make a Stamina rll (dficuly 7) ot

she
the fomoe is taking internal damage at this point. Blood
flow tothe brain sconstricted the fomr's Perception and
Alertnes are reduced by one. Her Intelligence is reduced
bby ewo. Her eyes are ually dead and crablike.

In the fourth and final week of the cycle, the fomor
10m an additional few feet (+ Strength heights of 13—
15 fet are not unheard of). This explosive growth spurt
finally ends ina cataclysmic cellule explonion. The virus
thas replicated self 10 thoroughly that the how fe now
‘essentially # walking view bomb. The fomor's body alls
‘part in grea clumps. Each pare now a walking exten
Sion ofthe virus and will wander off mindlealy until
ies, of replicates itself by finding another vite (who-
ver ingests it). Thisexplosion canbe brought on anytime
In the final week i the fomoe takes more than half het
Health Levels from one blow (the attacker may be sla
tered by the flying poe).

The fom's original form remains behind, uncon-
scious, naked and with all Traits back to their orginal
stare, However, the fomot must make a Stamina roll
(dificuly 7) 0 be permanently reduced by one point of
Intelligence (brain damage). Once a fom reaches 29
Inveligence, he is a shambling monster under the
Storytellers control

Pentex iscareful about how itusesthisvirwsinceitean
casllyspinout of company control. Fomor exposed teh
‘viusare often (understandably furious with the company
snd occasionally rebel.

* Physical Wasting (varies) — Choose particule
Power to ait with this Taine. Whenever that Power is
wed, the character may suferalossin physical capability.
"Te loss temporary, although the more frequently the
Powers wed, the more permanent the wasting

‘System: Everytime the Power paired with this Taine is
wed, the character must make a Willpower roll (difficulty
6).ftherollisuccessful there isn effect. Ifthe rll fils,
the character loses a number of dots from one of het

Physical Attributes eqal tothe amount of points the
player chooses for chi Taint. The Physical Attribute
affected (Strength, Dexterity or Stamina) must he chosen
‘when the Taine taken. This los lat for one scene the
roll botches, the character permanently loses one dot of
that Arenbute
Example: EmiliahascheEctoplasmic Extrusions Power,
which she pits tothe Stamina Wasting Taint (she takes
4poines forthe Taint. Later, she uses his Power to attack
Garou. She mast alo make a Willpower rll to resist
‘Wasting In thiscase she fails, and loses four dots fom het
The player explains this effect as Emilia uring
ber own body matter to create the ectoplasmic tentacles
acharacter drops to zeroin any Attribute, consult the
following chart:

‘Auerbute Effect

Srength The fomor cannot move. She i t00
weak to even stand, let alone perform
any physical task

Dexterity The fomor hs no ability to control het
Ceri er arm up may po tothe ight
fnstead.

Stamina The fomor brits at any physica con:

tact, and may contract a bad disease
such as prewmonia

‘Rotting (6 pts) — The fomor is rotting away; ove
period of months, his body wil fall apart.

System: Every time the fort suffers more damage
feo a single blow than his Sarina, he will loue which
ever part his ody was hit (this ight killhim fhishead
ox heart are sruck). In addition, once pet month, the
fomoe wil lose apart ois body. Ealy on this might just
be fingers and tos, but in the later sages, this could be
armor legs. Eventually, he may begin vouinghis internal
congans through his bowels.

lithe fomorhasthe Power Regeneration, hiss ins wil
‘pow beck in one month alough he may lose them agai,

* Second Head (5 pes) — The fomor has ewo heads.
Thehead maybe onthe fomor shoulder side by sie wt
hisisthead. maybe growingout ofthe fomorsstomach,
cor rear, or whatever. The second head is intelligent, can
speak and doesn't like the fist head very mach. Fort:
ately, ithas tle or nocontrl over the rst ofthe fomoe's
body, but ic still major inconvenience: The head
estos almost any chance the format has of mixing with
society. The second head has lite inthe way of survival
{instincts It will do whatever it can to get the fomor in
trouble (inuking wperion at Pentex, whistling "here,
‘boy" while the fomor is trying tosneak by that Garou pack,
tc). The second head is temporarily silenced by sogsing
it, but ie can eventually chew chrough any gag. Any
attempt to silence it srgcally (eg. by cutting its tongue
‘out) will ao harm the fist head ina similar manner

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 6

LS A


Te reverse ofthis is notte, however. The second ead
may survive the deat ofthe int head or omen, but wl
eventually de since ke has no contol over the body. The
second hendhas the same Meneal Attributes athe fit head
Temay abo develop some Ablities as long at they ate not
dependent on having a body. (A favorite the Skill: Ve
tulloqlam ) The secondhead wunder controle the Storyteller.

* Severe Allergy (/2/1 pts) — The fomoe is very
allergic to some one thing. This thing causes the force
damage although i may be perfectly harmless to other.
Tnaddition tobreaking out in disgusting ashes each turn
the

mor is expose to it, he suffers one noe-soakable
Health Level of damage. This damage i not aggravated
‘bt i will not heal as long asthe fomor is exposed tothe
allergen. The fist allergy s worth thee points, second
‘s worth ewo anda thied s worth caly one- Some posible
serene: animal fr (ncloding Garou), gras (orother
"natural

heniomena) gan ll cotton (hose dam itchy

uniforms), the Crsties (ae the Taint above), te
les) — The fomnoe cannot gain
food sources. He requtes ood of
a diferent sort, the wrt that i dangerous to get: Blood,
feealy-klled flesh, human flesh, fomor fle, et. This is
rot an Addiction (te above); 8 simply the only food
source the fomor can survive on

(a

il

Points Dietary Object
1 nul obeained fod (freshly slain meat,
freshly drawn mk)
3 Dangerously obtained foo (blood,
human flesh, childeen)
5 Suicidally obtained food (fomor ot
Garou flesh)

+ Teledementia (5 pts) — The fortis a powerfal
telepath, of at least the thinks so. The reality of
Teledementia has been confirmed by liad scientists, but
tes weflness is questionable. Fomexi with this Power
(ometimes called Prychonauts, alto Paycho-nuts) are
receiving telepathic mesages, but the content is gable,
sick and deranged. Pychonauts Believe the word tobe a
living hell. They are bornbarded daly with only the vilest
of thoughts around chem. These thoughts ate further
twisted and increased in intensity. Everyone inthe world
iseithera worthless victim ora sadoti bate. Thete tno
middle ground. The Prychonaut may reve in this, but she
also perceives everyone to be plotting aginst het. Since

the information from this kind of telepathy isso distorted,
{information gained chrough itis wually worthless. (The
Seoryeller may let an occasional truth slip in, but the

fomor shoulda' be able to tell the difference.)


ame a LAD

System: PrychonautemustmakeaWillpowersollevery belly, clog his internal pasages, and begin to eat his
ay (dificuley 5) or become tapped in 2 hartowing py E
chic loop where realty #
‘aught in these loops often go
aetack allies, as well as enems

of damage per day until the
sien utery. This damage cannot be

lade the worms (sce the prelude)
h Hacardous Breathor Stomach Pumper.

Example of Character
‘or becane of anather Powe Craton

wale
without eliciting an extreme re

+ Walking Bomb (5 pes)

and they
rit but


For his characte's Nature he chooses Rebel figuring
that his character wants tobe fee, to throw off the chains
c

deep-seated sething contempt under the gui of aol
Buk.

‘What about a name? Chris thinks for a bit, knowing
thatthe name should somehow represent his characte
‘position in Ife asa faceless cubicle worker. He chooses
Falter Peenockle

Step Coe: Attributes

+ Araibutes. Chis
ategory. He

sorbed with his own hate, s0 he doe
on around hi

"The secondary Atnbut category istackled next. Chis
cums fir to Stamina, Here he > pnts mating

settle. Chis places all

teflect Filbert' ability eo convince others that he hikes
them (when he tally hates them). Chis reasons that
ratings of 1 n Charisma and Appearance fi the charactet
concept

Step Three: Abilities

nks Filhert
{he des not have are warting dot in every Ab Trait
with Attribute Traits). Ie oon becomes clear
ofthe points are going tbe spent in Talento

Gy al hipaa"
fon. Hes a wary peron, 20
foes into Alerness, the better to see whats


‘ne polnt get nto Streetwise. Cis alo pends lo of
time masking his true motives and feeling from other, 30
three points go into

Cris chooses Knowledges as his secondary Ability
‘category. He has seven points to spend here. Since hsb
{sina modem office, Chris decides hat Flbertsanexpert
computer whiz Three points gointo Computers. Helio
welleducated; two points go to Science. Filbert is also
nosy silently spying on those around hin; two points go
tno investigation. (All hese Abilities will erve hin well
inis new line of work for Pentex.)

‘There are only fou points to spend in Skill Fiber'
waiting forthe day a burla will break into his house,
ving him an excuse to How someone away. Two points
‘pinto Firearms. Healtolikestospy onhisfellow workers,
and listen outside other offices: two points go into
Stealth

Step Four: Advantages

Fierthashas ive pointsto spend on Backgrounds. He
{s good at saving money, so he puts three into Resouces.
He's just waiting for dhe day when he can ws this money
‘tobumall his enemies. He puts the remaining wo points
tovo Bguipment; hel decide later fre what hems he
eet

Chris then moves on to Powers and Taint, the quint-
‘sential Traits that define a fomor. Since he only getsone
Power point for every Taint point he takes, Chis has to
choose carefully he doesn't want to create a character
‘who'll buy the frm on is fis outing

FoeFilbet'sfis Power, Chis chooses Berserker (3)he
figures thatthe Wyrm has granted Filbert an outlet fr his
hatred. He abo chooses Immunity to the Delirium (1),
because he doesn't want Filbert to freeze up ot lose his

mind when confronted with a Garou assault. He alo
chooses Corupe Visions (4); Filbert wants to get even
wwithhisenemies(hishosses) by makingthem take the all
Seemingly on their own. He wants to beable to gt close
tohis victims before they know it, soe chooses Invisbil-
ity (5).

His Powers total up to 13 points. He needs to now
choose Taints to offer these points. He fist chooses
‘Addition; Filbert is addicted to the soda which turned
him intoa fomor (there was a Bane i it)-Pentex promises
to supply hen more — fhe works for them (3 pes weekly
‘yele). Nex, he chooses a Derangement which he calls
"HiList" (3). Anytime someone pisses Pbert off he als
them tohismental hit list of enemies, He must get revenge
agaist everyone on his it isa some time in the future.
Heals chooses another Derangement: Misomania (2 pts
fochissecond Derangement). Filbert hatseverything: He
chooses Stamina Wasting (3 ps), which he pies with his
Power: Corrupt Visions everytime he wes this Power, he
risks weakening himelf drastically. Finally, he chooses
Doomed (2 pts) —he'l surly be dea in thee years.

Step Five: Finishing Touches

huis econ intil Wilpowe 3

Now Cli get to apend Fier' 21 freebie points
Fert, Chris pends? potion the Merit Hidden Power
to all tweed appenrnce, Filler perely unan
ent be then pctv pois tora as Manlpltion
105 or when he coms mic). He then sends ot
points to gta Stealth of 5 (Gor when heise) Four
foints are pent ase his Wilmer (tal 7). Pal.
{Germoe pins re wpe rut age pins (Pberthas
the Boneier Powe)

‘Normally more deal could baled oa new hare-
ter, bat Chris thinks he ha a pet pod ea of who
Fiber nd wht he wan Nowe be read pl

(Chapter One: CharacterCreation 0 |
ins


|
iL - Caper: Breds si |


wl ff tam

* Breed Prejudice (varies) — This Taine is
availble only to members of fomoet breeds. Each
breed auffe some degree of prejudice fom theirown,
kind, Pentex scientists, Black Spiel Dancers, ot
even Garou (who may single out members of a
parccular breed til fst). Many factors ad up ro
‘make this prejudice: traits which cause them to be
shunned by others (maybe they smell bad, like
Freakfeet) or feared by others (Ferectoi cannot be
trusted). They may simply creep others out (Hollow
‘Men) o have betrayed other fomori in the past
(Shadowiends). lis up to the Storyteller to award
the value ofthis Taint for any new breeds he othe
players creat. Examples are listed below with each
breed. Another factor which applies in determining
the value ofthis Tai show well-known the bred
is Everyone knowsaboutEnticers, bu few ae aware
‘of Brain Eaters thus Enticers have a higher value
‘even though Beain Eaters area cate lot.

power inhis psychic abilities and sable to force hall
‘ations onto others' minds, bu mast feed upon noel
human brains at last once a week of begin to suffer
(Taint: Addiction to brain eating). Using her mind pow
cx alto comes at a cost, often draining her physical
‘apabiliies (Taint: Physical Wasting).

History: Brain Eaters are the newest project under-
taken by the Special Projects Division, and as such, they
are completely untested. Paychic are tae to begin with
Spd those who can tolerate the change into a fomoe are
‘rer sil Pentex has no deste to waste all ts paychics on
1 project chat may prove to be a faire. The fis fomori
fom Project Aeneid ae just now becoming ready for field
testing

Roleplaying Hints: No one can stop you now. Your
‘mind has been subjected to terrible tortures to awaken it
to your fall prychic potential. e was painful bt worth it
Now youcan read othen' thoughts or see things others try
tohide from you. You can make them do what you want

tbat a thought or you can fool them into

Bane Children

Traits

Powers (Required) Immuniey to Delian (1)
Description

Bane Children are created by Concepual Services,

Lid, See Chapter Four for details. Each Bane Child
‘unique.

Brain Eaters
Traits

Powers: (Required) Beain Eating (6), Immunity to
Delirium (1), choose one: Corrupted Visions (4) o Mind
Rape (6)

Taints (Requied) Addiction (3 Brain Eating wey
<ycle), Breed Prejudice (4), Derangement (3; Delusions of
‘Grandews), Physical Wasting (13)

'Numina: 3» dots in Paychic Phenomena (se Project
‘Twilight or The Hunters Hunted)

Description

Image: Brain Eaters fok jo ike anyone ee. They
col anywhere Anytime

Genesis: Brain Eaters are created under the aegis of
Project Acne the newex fering om Pentex Special
Projects Division. Combining Project Iliad with Project
Odyssey (which awakens psychics' mental gifts), Project
‘Acnid bind pei sype of Bane Known a 4 Mind
Feeder inn the pci The nety ceed mer pins

if they annoy you. What they know,
you can steal. Bwah ha ha haa

Enticers

‘She was lovely, more beautiful han any woman he had ever
seen. Lary stared at her, unable to lok away and not caring
(fhe was sped. Beside him, Annette was talking andhe tied
1w focus on her words but the sion hat was approaching made
‘ll rational thought fll wary from him. She was coming his
‘way, moving through the smoky air of the night club and
Aworing the men that stared at her

"Annete wondered fora moment why Larry was ignoring
her, then she laked over towards her rght and followed his
‘pes. Anmett's vice faded ou as she su the stunning man
walling towards the table. Her annoyance at Larry dissipate,
tenable to wichstand the row sensuality that was approaching
her. Larry? Larry who?

‘The Enticer approached the able, content inthe knowledge
‘that che werewolf and its Kinflk were too busy staring a is
{form to think about each other, or why they both elt desire for
‘the same crear. It smiled, certain that dhe teth seem by its
rey were nothing like the barbed fangs i bared as it walhed
‘casually towards the couple. Soon they woud all leave the bar
‘tgeher, and hen ies eae form could be seen. Then the death
once would begin anew...

Craits

Attributes: minimum Charisma of 3

Backgrounds: Resources 3

Powers: (Required) Enhancement (3), Fangs (3),
‘Swceubi's Veil (6); (Suggested) Berserker (3)

Taints: (Required): Addiction (4; Siren Cosmetics,
dailycycle), Brainwashed (3;Pentex loyalty), Breed Preju-
dice (5)

a


A Lf to

Description
"The Enc can tively see myc tht
lve Pheromone screed cota mn the Ese'

skin stimulate the pleasure centesof its rey while pulls
images of perfection from the pey's mind.

prefer to lead thei prey into confit with each other,
‘often by startinga fight over who can be withthe Entice,
‘by simply lading them into an ambush of othe fomoe.
‘What Enticers enjoy more than anything elie is leading
Garou, and other minions of Gala, down the road t2
‘complete corruption by the Wyre.

Image: Without powers, these fomor! appear as normal
humans but forthe tow of barbed teeth i thee mouths.
However they ate rarely perceived except through the
veil oftheir Wyrm powers, which make them appear
{incense alluring.

Involves giving away special "hypoallergenic" supply of
makeupor cologne tothe winner of yeaty contest. The
swinnersof these contests each receive one-year mpply of
cosmetics that are guaranteed to attract the opposite sex.
‘The tath ithe coumetis change boch the pyical and
mental perceptions of the "winner," seducing the indi
vidual into fale sense of happiness: the human wearing
these coumetics will indeed atrat the opposite sex, but
only due to the unique glands thac sart covering the
‘weate'sbody within a matter of afew days The coumetics
ko produce achemical reaction in the skin ofthe wearer,
‘one that stimulates adrenal glands and pleasure centers,
‘making the wearer feel happy without really knowing the

‘The unique addictive qualities in the makeup will
normally have the lucky contestant wearing makeup
throughout the day, and special facil creams and skin
lotions to bed each night. By the time a month has passed,
the transformation i 30 fa along, thatthe victims could
‘top wearing the products entitely and sill become an,
Enter.

By the end ofthe metamorphosis, the winners ofthe
yearly contest are completely diferent from what they
used tobe. Physically they ae acted tothe coumetics,
‘not only forthe pleasure they continue to ring. but as
their very life's Blood. The transformation males the
nicer dependent to level tha they will do anything at
allto get more ofthe cosmetics, and that is where Pentex
\s happy 0 oblige them — foe a cost. Eticers ate con-

ao wed to lre enemies ofthe corporation into taps.

(Chapter Two:Breeds
a...

Mentally, these creatures are so dependent on Pentex
‘hat many would willingly kill alle thew family members
slowly ad painfully to ensure the continued supply of

‘Siaen Cosmetics. There are plans in the neat future t9
‘increase the number of prizes" awarded every year, but
‘the conto the coumeticsisprobibitive, and further market
analysis ofthe wefulnes of Eticers is sill needed before
‘final decision is reached.

Ferectoi, the Larvae
of the Wyrm

Macinayre sipped carefully rough the log eas. This
dare pamgle ws begining to et toh. He was areal sick
of point dy, and especialy with chat Johnson. He wasaweind
ndabigh. The kinds py who probably trtredhis neighbor's
otal. But, he had adit, Johnson was good in fire
fight. Sot ofthe was Bor

He was about wash Johnson how ong they were gonnahave
tobe cat here when ther exploded with he sound of rafine
cand bes bucad past hi fase than the eye could catch But
‘no sting. He hadn't Ben hit

Helaokad ever at Jhrson, who was sls standing here
He eled Johnson tohithe round. Wha washe, afl? He
‘was js tard' there, starn a chest. Oh, Jen, maybe
hed been he

penped ip ardvan oer Johnson, nein to

‘drow him to the pound before he could be hit gain. But he
sped dead nhs ack, staring at Jobson. Johnson laughed.
He was exaingn the sweet pain asthe carapace re from his
chest. The bles pod out and ell tothe round. His wists
‘weed an by ies from fleshy shes, dipping

Johason ened to Macinere. "Rock and roll, buy. Rock
endo."

Craits

Backgrounds (Required) Alles 3-5 (Wyrm tadies)
(Suggested) Favors, Rank

Powers: (Require) Immunity to Delirium (1). Choose
atleast 4 pts of powers (cach Ferectlis unique)

‘aines: (Required) Breed Prejudice (5); (Suggested)
Derangement (3; inner strugale)

Merits/Flaws: (Required) Hiden Power (Suggested)
‘Stigmata ofthe Wem

Description

an overwhelming passion fr detaction,

A Lf te

mage: While the Larvae of the Wyrm appear moctalin
most every respect, they are far fom it. Even the fomor
Powers that betray their Wyrm-taint are concealable
(extra limbs are retractable, ee)

Genesis: These creatures are the spawn of a Breeder
Bane (see the Appendix). The Ferectot look and act
Thuman, but they are fa fom it. Most hold humanistic
Interests and lve like any other ich and powerful human.
However, they are at odds with th

remote isolation from che weeds maintream, Banes ot
soups of Bancs sometimes claim entie faes. Those
"creepy Shankshll cousins down in the cove" andthe "de-
generate clan of Filmore overby Skunk River may, nc,
belong to the ever-increasing numberof fmod families,
mage: Fomor family members appear to be (and often
are) normal individals unt their Rice of Making (see
below). As fall fomeri males resemble the legendary "wid,
ad

enduring an inner struggle between thes humanity and
their Wyrm-nature. The Wyrm almost always wins out
They slowly become less humanlike in thei thoughts and
actions, though most oftheir deeds evolve around the
<eserction ofthe planet as wells thove who oppose this
destruction.

Roleplaying Notes: You ate totally evil. You exade
corruption and vilenes. Few can match you ia your
inhumanity. However, sometiees you have doubes a
voice within you struggles against ths evil. You can be
suave and debonair when necessary, just 8 you can also be

portrayed in Benovies, while those neat toxic dumps ot
chemical waste ses resemble wuvivns of cleat diate

Genesis Force families are made, noe boen. When they
reachacerain age — in some cases the onset of puberty, but

ilkrens tthe Henle Bight shih howe the
;Banes who have clined the family as theit own There,
ritual takes place which traforms the ntiat ino a fort

orton
Fomori Families

You beter sry any from Copperhead Road.
‘= Steve Eat, "Copperhead Road"

izes Seale Cove, o'er nt ene of
‘the Gora can, You'd be ated to ty clea of em, case

Iain' marl. They tnt, nih, comet think
-— Wills Coley, oeekeepe, Tockowee, North Carolina
Craits
‘Area Knowledge (local habitat) 3

Knowledges:
Backgrounds: Allies 13 (depending on ice offi),
Consecrated 2

Powers: (Required) Immunityto the Delirium (1) one
"family gift" (one power common toll family members:
sce below. Suggested are Berserker, Regeneration oF
‘Shapechange)

Taints: (Required) Breed Prejudice (2)
Description

In the Appalachian and Ozark backwoods, the dense

The Rite of Making
_T era nb tn oof
[mcnber es anly marta by Bae at:
‘Srtaponeion alee perermeoen nol
{pound dep within the Bac tertoy asngnant
Fond aplited bend inthe river orachenical amp
Bolen fn the backwoods The ital fer from
fury wo fay, bt thoy wal vole a ret ea
cl gap elle emotional pl Slalr a eet
tothe Gmc Rte of Pass te ite rp away the
esis of normal onan felings end edo the
(nal ender thepocen homer powet
tn mowt coun mewn of fmt amily ele
gael Ge below) in dition to what
vet ther opel bits wre conkered by thee
‘These gifts sometimes serve as identifiers for fomori
face (Thon Laramie tose to heal up real
pick cr "Them Robo sl of ‘em epry as
chsscema they can ny tn cut cl say
place you set ‘em."). Each gift, however, has its price.

Family Gift

Although the Rite of Making endows individual

Shaped
butthe playerand Storyteller should feel fee tocreate
their own repertoite of family pfs and drawbacks.


nor families equi ll heir member



a AA
Freakfeet

Amadeus Blie-Schwein snorted in disgust. He ad bated
the Black Spirals thisday. They had launched asneakattackon
his pack. He was victorious but three of his frends lay dad.
Would the eeachery of the Wyrm ever end? Atleast now, here
inhisoun bathroom, he was safe, Here he could si, and maybe
‘atch up om his reading. After five minutes onthe toile his
‘hackles suddenly rose. Something grabbed hm from below! He
tried to leap up, but he couldn' move. Something was pulling
‘him into the toilet! Imposble! Aaargh! The accustomed
muscles rippled lke water as he changed into his warrior frm.
‘Skin and bone rippled ina most unaceustomed manner as his
brody cascaded lke boing wax, downward agains his wil
Claws clacked desperately on porcelain, The lashing he heard
was the oles flashing and the chitering of demented weasel
Traits

Power Reged Fn) Mallee (6 Rares)
(Sugpested) Slobber Snot (3)

Taintst (Required) werd Prejudice (6), Derangement

(8: fea of open spaces, Infections (4); (Suggested) The
rusts (3), Severe Allergy (3)

Description

e, ye xdly humorous in appearance,
re often unverextimated because of thet ap:
‘earance. From the waist up they are generally man in
‘outline. The only difference i that they have abnormally
long, muscular arms with oversied hands and callused
knuckles. They have litle ot no neck. Thett lps, how
ever, are extremely short (6"-12" long) and generally
useless. Ac the end ofthese are huge feet chat taper into
long dexterous, prehensile coes. Their skin has an am-
tian quality to ie and wnualy glitens with Slobber
Soot. Their coloring varies wildly and they display a wide
sarety of makings (of which theyate noedinately prod).
Their eyes ate lage and luminescent, also coming in a
wide range ofcolos. Because oftheir stunted legs they are
zeae th fot ft ll They lee ig th
knuckles to propel them forward. Despite
svkwvatdne oftheir at they can move a astonishing
speeds. The vast majority of Freakfeet are male, though
every hive has a queen, whois hideously large and obese.
‘The queen has a senll but very sharp stinger protruding
from thebaseofherspine, through which he lays he xs
Genesiss Despite thet apparent variety, Fraket are (on
acellular level exact dupliates. The laboratory that rated
‘them used advanced cloning techniques to combine human
and amphibian DNA. Ie then infsed the mixture with a
rrping Bane (Slade Elemental see Book ofthe Wyrm).
‘The result was suppoed toe a homogeneous, hive mind
cure in the service of Pentex. Things went very wrong
indeed. Due to thet efcient method of recruitment (see
elon) Freakeetareone ofthe most prolif thefomor ices

Chapter Two: Breeds

A EY

"History: Freskfeet were created by the Magadon sub-

sidiary Panacea in the late 1970s. Panace's president,
Harold Hines (himself a fomor; see Monkeywrench:
Pentex) desired arace of cheaply produced self-replicat

{ng,subteranean foro who could compete in the same
«ecological niche asthe Bone Gnawersand Nosferatu. The
Freakfet seemed, at first, to fit this need. Unfortunately
"freak" explosion at Panacea's Berlin plant allowed
many to escape before being propetly indoctrinated by
Pentex. Within a decade they, and their many descen-
dhants, were everywhere. They now live on mostcontinents
‘These escapee Freakfetare considered renepalesby Pentex
and are exterminated whenever possible. Due to theit
prfligacy, they are swflybecominga sizable presence in
the sewers of many major urban areas. The Freakfeet who
sul work for Pentex are tightly controlled. They are
considered the lowest rung on the fomot laler and are
treated with contempe by most other fom

‘Although the fist generation of Freaeet was created
{na laboratory, subsequent generations have been sel
perpetuating. Victims ofthe Freakfeee breeding process

re stalked and then abducted (often by being dragged

ddown through thei own toilets), Freakfeet use tele Rt
Head Power to side through sewer pipes (called "sli
Ang'). Three ot four Preakfcetcanfi through toilet atthe
sme te with eae. Freakfeet who get stuck on aside ae
roundly humiliated by thle peer

‘The viet bodies ae rendered clastic bythe fomor's
Malleate power, Freakfeet dag thei victins through the
sewer pipes tothe Freakfeet hive, where they decoratively
strech the stil living bodies into bizarre and grotesque
shapes. There the victim stays, conscious but paralyzed,
‘untlthehivequeenlaysone ofhereggsinthe unfortunate'.
brody. The gestation period is two weeks, after which an
aul Feakfoot wil hah for ts human cheysls. (The
Garou Rite of Cleansing wil destroy the fomor embryo in

wseaclie stages.) The fomor will have some ofthe tats of
ts surrogate "parent" (similar facial features, character
quits, te.) Only one fomor can come fom a victim but
the vietie nay survive the process (Staminaroll difficulty
8), becoming a permanent fatute of the Feakfeet hive

Freakfeet have their own language. It isa gut
chiteringnoise and sundertandableonly by H rulings
nd other Freakfet.

Roleplaying Hints:

Renegade Frealfeet: Despite thee escalating host
with Pentex, Renegade Peakfet serve the Wyre in their
‘own way. Many ate religous fanatics and serve the Maen
Incara, Colum (Loed of Sle; see Book ofthe Wem)
Renegadesare uallybosterous, bloadthinty,andpervere
Many of them are alcoholics or drugaddits. Renegades ive
furive lives inthe sewers of majo cites and run frequent
raids on Garou, the Nosferatu, and Pentex. Tey wll only
tack when they think he odds ate in thei vor Frakfeet
hives are also the sites of major Hugging activi.

7


ee

oughly steeped in Pentex propaganda,
likely to go AWOL than anyother type
cr. For this reson they have tracking devices
ed in theie skulls. Freabfeet who escape from
Toually seek out renegade hives, thus making

mtsforthe company, Since mow Freaeet
‘utsmarted by the average houseplant, this
sn dificult do

Gorehounds

"Deer Jason, 4 am your beget fan. ve sen al our
rmovees. Youkickbut wannabe at ik you. fund hs nw
‘di Blood the impaler™. have Seen i ten ines led. yor
roti, but cook anyay. This Conary py impale al
these sats om i bes, yo wood ke

1 waned to ty it ot, 3 took my naybor's cat end stack
om a ck, Le sreamed veal oul and was neat. I Bet ou
start the same wy. Lik said, (wari best ke you sts

"Yours in Bld: Dr. Pain"

Traits

Powers: (Required) Benetker (3), Immunity to De-
lium (1), Regeneration (5)

Tints (Requied) Breed Prejudice (4),Derangements
(5;bomicidal and sadistic)

"The Banes which create Grehoundinhabithe products
cf Slaughteshowe Video. Darurbed viewers who watch these
fli pomension by the Bares whoturn thei wets sick
faorases into asad hat for tal blood. The posewed
perce becomes a Gotehound,asather maniac foes

Tage: Unally a large, hulking human with a mask,
stripped sweater and houichold weapon (kitchen knife,
chainsaw, patchfor, ete.)

Genesis: One viewing allows the Bane in the video to
acempt a Posienion. Each succesive viewing ads ue
‘ene tothetime ttakesthe Bune toachievefull posession.
‘Once posesed, che viewer wil become afomoe and wil
begin to act out his saditc impulses, most bkely begin
ning with small animals but soon deteriora

cbably not

tart with will become obvesed

with torte and death, and will dream of becoming

tnasked Killer, a figure of fat Ui elm heroes.
embly fom ansbunve ot neglected home environment. The

cts ge granting hie dreams of slashing

vw


A fh

Iistormentoes ino bis A

partial posible is
the posesionofahom pup who has note reached his Fant
‘Change. An unknowing Garou fom a dificult home would

Gorehounds often display a cunning

youth, They usualy conceal their homicidal actions faily
well inthe beginning, but become more reckless as they
continue. After ten human deaths or 0, the possessing
Bane wally goods is host into a killing spree, gleflly
fiding the fomor into oblivion.

The Hollow Men

Warmer Gates, Regional Manager of O'Tley' resi
rans, stands on the cif sedge in th ain. Hishands ave bound

dark ond wet rales nie im. Hs By Bint

Powers: (Required) Colony Powers (10-12;se below),
Dispersion 4; see below); (Suggested) Prolonged Life (4),
Regeneration (cost only fanimals matching the colony
type are in the area: they are summoned to replenish
<amaged colony members), Scent ofthe Wyld (5)

Taints: (Required) Breed Prejudice (6), choose more
Tainestoqual total Power cot (Suggested) The Fading (5),
Renting (6)

Description

Image: Hollow Men are spring bags of human skin,
animated by a colony of corrupted Wyrm animals (see
‘Scavenger Packs in the Appendix). Although they can
‘pass forhuman under certain conditions, this guie cannot
‘rthand any real srutiy.Helow Men (or Women)

desert for serine tere ager of ou var
"Please

"Oh, do' tbe, ells uhat youve aboutto become Tee,
hee. Now, a8 you se, Ive shoved his arb hook wp to You
‘and auached it your lower ntetnes. The hok's connected
9 arope tied otha, pa ou of hc an. Wel,
1m sre you get the ret. Bon-aopage, barge boy

‘A push, the beach below rashes up at hi. A shar, paling
an stabs at Ws bowels, accompanied by the sora of ering
‘canvas. The rocks don't il Kim, though. His blod-mned
96 ly register the rocks around him. They are sptered
‘with is internal organs, hich have landed separately, a fw
{eet away. No pain, but the empeiness
can't | die" So deca, so empey,s0 lonely

The ocean wind whses though his empeied carcass. Sud

Ie comes closer.

Oh, please. Iam soempey."

King Ra's snout pushes ies way though hitch. Tes wet,
‘ary by sitters dow his hot.

"Oh, ye. Lovely. To no be empey."

The cchersfollow hiking, Eachonecwelome puesto the
emple that isis ody. He senses hi rate forthe sheer
‘hat is body gies them.

°My children."

the colony. Hollow Men usally wear concealing clothing
tw hide this (renchcous, has, sunglases, et.) Hollow
"Men perpetually have an empty, terrified look in their
sunken, bloodshot eyes. Individual members ofthe colony
constantly bol tothe surface t0 look out of the fomor's
‘mouth (or other orfces if they ae small enough). They
nay crawl over the fomor's body before returning inside
The Hollow Man may spend a Willpower point totempo-
rary prevent them fom doing this (they wil behave for
number of hours equal to the fomeo's permanent Will
power). Many other fomori do not like to deal with
Hollow Menbecause they are"too darnncreepy."Freakfcet,
however, ike tohang around them for some reason. (The
real scoop: Freakfeet eat vermin and look at Hollow Men
fee meal ticket. Roaches, yur.)

Genesis: Hollow Men arehumars posested by Scavenger
Pack Bane. In order for the Hunter Pack o poses someone,
the person mut first be physically hollowed out. Although
tis may occasionally cut naturally (ithe case of ting
corps), the Seavenger Pack usually prefer fresher meat

History: The Hollow Men are one ofthe oldest fomoe
Ibeeeds. Although no one iste oftheir exact org, they
sree fest noticed by the Fianna in Roman Beton. Fianna
tales ofthe time relate chat they were created by Wyrm-
‘comupted druids. Individual Hollow Men may lve for a
longtime (Power: Prolonged Life); some of them ate truly
ancient Overthe centuries the Hollow Men ave become
a driving force behind the Wyrm' plans to corrupt Gaia.
‘Theyhave particular affinity with the Defer Wyrm and
some hold postions of power inthe Seventh Generation
(see Rage Across New York). Despite their prolonged

lives they are relatively rare

(Chapter Tio: Breeds 9

atom ae etapemeertaien ent tte ates,


' Colony Powers (varies) — The powers of
colony depend on the ryope of creature making up
the colony Some examples

Poison Spider Colony (12 3): Venomous Bite (3),
Webising (5), Wall Walking (4)

Ret Colony (10 pes): Foot Pads (1), Infectious
Tooch (5), Rat Head (4)

‘Conserctor Colony (11 pes): Mega-Stength (3+),
Mouth of the Wyrm (4), Rat Head (4)

* Dispersion (4 pt) — The fomor may, at wil,
temporarily evacuate che entice constituency ofthe
colony from her body. The individal colony mem
bees act asa Materalised Seavenget Pack Bane (1
Appendia). These components are directly under
the fomorsmental command and may at aspies ot
‘even attack enemies (though this is very dangerous
tothe omoe.Ithe colony leader skilled, the fomor
cannot reform.

the Hollow Man is reduced to Incapacitated,
Dispeeion will occur automatically, The colony wil
then retreat as quickly as posible. When iti safe,
they will return tothe hay and reenter it (peoviing
Iichaset ben destroyed few Garou know abour this
power and will ually not chink to destroy the
body). Thecolony'srecur willheal the fonor slightly
(60 Ceippled) allowing hen to inp away

Sytem: The fomor spends one Willpower point
to diperse and one to teform again (i reduced to

disperse, alchough i€ must be spent to reform). A
dispensed colony is particularly vulnerable eo ara
toaed aeacks, sch as the Oifts: Cutting Wind or
awoke the Spit of the Storm. The GitCallof the
‘Wyrm wil sow thei retreat.

Colony Types: Each Hollow Man is possessed by @
Scavenger Pack Bane of a specific type (ei as, viper,
tarantuls, wasp, ete) Each ofthese Hollow Men species
has it own set of powers. Several ofthe mote common
Hollow Men type ae lite below. The player and the

ceyteler may creat other colony type. The Storyteller
has the final say on what i permissible. The main reason
fortheranity of Hollow Men that some lke colony types
tendtobilleach other onsight (eg. twoscorpion colonies
will attack each other)

Roleplaying Hints: The Hollow Men are one of the
smoxt tormented, and hence the mort saditi, ofthe fomort
breeds. They tend to hate everything and everybody. The
‘original pomened human's relationship with the poses
ing colony is boch symbiotic and parasitic, a or of love!
hae relaticeahip. The Hollow Manis desolate and empty
(2nd immobile) without the posesing colony, but they
ae poor company at hex. Their presence tolates the

Incapacitated, he does not need to spend the point to J


=

A fh
fom Soo Hew Men nh mee

decenthuman eng before the wanna may et

onder of intelligence, bu thee leader (eg, King Rat isthe
‘enter ofthe bane' consciouiness. Ie may, ove time, gin
ascendancy over the original host. Whether the fomoe has
a cooperative ot adversarial relationship withthe colony
leader isup to the player. The Storyteller plays the coloay
leader. Some Hollow Men work for Penter, but ochers
(especially older ones) have theit own agendas. Hollow
"Men are particularly hated by Red Talon Garou, who ean,
spo them no matter how wel they disguise chemselves.

Normalites

Craits

Powers (Regret) Homopenty (6), Sense The Un
satu! (, Venomous Bee 0)

Tans Requrd) Breed Prec (6), Dengement
(5: homophobia and hatred of supernatural)

Description
Image: Thee gay omer arty crue fight
tare Ther once han fe ae Bakaly darted
Cede alow them oun al ow. Thy oe compete
‘cron tic ak, nutrd bts vy wo eta
einer ct HomogenyIrcerprsted Even chic
ateearlon seve fr det png moat Many Nomalites
trecempltly han and wean cles although were
‘times thett masters may mockingly equip them with astudded
color leah. Even the bolder Gare wool teat
Cenfonted by pocket these fel, howling things
(Geesist As noted in Chater For, Nomalies ae
created diving the hypnotic semions of Homogenty
Incoorntedshomesentl cure Actors ppd coe
ceol Tener' Prjctlinddvnen contain the pret
anes, which pew the victin hile they re peed
andthe pe being played: Wek! inde may
‘ernst mma songer tm mph need
ctl eons hypo fre the Bane poe them.
Roleplaying Hint: Afr he nial peceio, you el
evi and e-conident forthe fi ine none. The
owned, sbooemal swalty which har plagved yout
‘tance frat ong you can remeber ong 2
reblem Soon you dacovertat youve oxi al
The ich may cane youtsrapdly sberlin ee
kneeling Youfeconge elie nko ange
‘Youteginto mane an intese le fr ter home
scx: You hive ben cated — why do they cosine to
Aunts pervert nhc mnt eeu by eps
tonarpandchangs, this expo else ying
Jernereneatapsateamal-punkrck dhe
tren who don't wea it, women in nes You Become

Chapter Two: Breeds

A A

Inypersenstive to normality' abuence in other: Your friends
Recruitment

cathe Drive take great interest in
the freaks you detect with this new sensitivity of your.
Especially chose feaks who lok normal o the outst.
‘As che fil, erible transformation ito a Normalite
warps your body, you become gripped by a pasionate
hatred of anyone or anything vaguely individual. These
feelings of rage and anger swamp your other emotions,
even a8 your sense of elf te swamped by the pain of
‘uansformation, and you become a mindless brute with a
single aim. Stamp out the unnatural. Normality rules!

Serpent Brothers (the
Serpent Brotherhood)

Kevin sod vembling nine withthe ches.

"The Brotherhood ofthe Serpentis the highest honor hat a
scout can aspire to," the courmaster said. "Many senators,
camgresmen, and company bose are brothers ofthe onder
‘You havea served ong and ally as xo. You have assed

‘Kevin had heard about he tage uf, Stange, it didn eook
ie pase:

"Wil ou shed ood for your brothers!" Another no. The
lone sk cross Micha's arm. Good fake Bod, Kevin
thought. Then his nm came, andthe knife descended. When
fe rose again, he was not hanan,

Traits

Abii (Reet) Ania KenL Survil2, Me

Powe (Sete) Duh (2) Inmanty to De-
liam (1), Hand from Beyond (4), Mega-intelligence (3+),
Mega Stamina (3+), Sense Oni (2), Spirit Tes (3), Um
bral Passage (5)

‘Taint: (Required) Breed Prejdice (1)

Merit (Requited) Hidden Powers
Description

‘The Serpent Brotherhood is ostensibly an order of ert
cared by service projects (activities uch abiding camp-
rounds in unspoiled wikdemes or repairing roads to allow
sccesstoremote areas) in aboys scouting organization, The
kindly old men (wealthy Pentex execs, Nephandi, and a
pederastic vampire of two) who fund the kids are them-
selvesbecchersfthe onder and more than wilingtohelpan
aspiring lad with college tuition and work opportunities.

6


(each other). 1 they repudiced the

‘Wem, what would become of them!)

Shadowfiends

The label read: "O'Teley's, the Fay Place." Toby chuck

{ on FreakLegion

a

f=

eA 1h

Toby shook his head and wed forward, puting he
deotape back i the pouch. He walked right i the seer
aif ie sank ino his gut and he coughed wpa pout of Bod.
‘What the hell! he chought as he it the rsd.

‘The shadows round him moved anda fee coleced out

Shadonficds ae wed today to asesinate political or
social figures who go against Pentex project ot who learn
toomuch. The Shadoafiends have evolved enough phys
cally and mentally tobe able to theoretically killa Garou
‘the srwtion arses

ofthem,chaching dhe afer Toby stood.
Traits

Backgrounds: Equipment 1-5, Rank 1-3

Powers: (Required) Immunity to the Delirium (1),
Shadowplay (4), Shadowwalking (2;see Chameleon Col-
‘oration); (Suggested) Foot Pads (1), Gaseous Form (5),
Hide of the Wyrm (1-5)

Taints: (Required) Brainwashing (3; loyalty to mas-
ters), Breed Prejudice (4)

Description

Image: Shadowfiends always powess avery lithe frame:
their bodies are more athletic than musculat. All
Shadowfiends have slightly darker skin than they were
born with, and completely black eyes

Genesiat Unlike many fomor, potential Shadowfiends
requte one thing before undergoing the posession peo:
cess — acquiescence. Targets who deste this proces
travel to Washington, D.C- and are met by Iliad agents
‘The agents take the subject to thet laboratory whe the
subjects given every luxury forthe night. After undergo-
Ing another interview, the corporation decides this
Individual will rly be loyal to the company. If the
decision is yes, a serum is injected into the target' skin
before he sleeps

‘The process isa painfulone. Theserumallowsthe Bane,
swually a Sera, Serer o¢ Cunning Bane, to slowly take
‘over the mind ofthe target, fusing the Bane's desires and
has withthe target toward one goal — the assasination
of undesirable elements." While undergoing the process,
the target fels the sensation of white hot lances searing
‘through his skull, fusing the ewence of the Wyrm to hi
soul. The process complete when the Bane is fll ised
swith the target and the targersees turn completely black

History: The 1960s brought many problems for Pentex
subsidiaries —~ not us from the Garou, but fom humans
also. Many of Pentexs smaller companies came under the
scrutiny of such organizations as Greenpeace. Once they
Aicovered some of Penten's les savory solutions to prob
lems, they erie wolf

‘Shadowfiends were created specifically to deal with
these minor nuisances Pentex dacovered they could no
longer send mindles killers ater political and socal dsi-
dents, but rather needed. new type offomorthat could be
quiet and operate with stealth. After several arempes, the
‘processas perfected, and the Shadowfinds were st oone

Chapter Two: Breeds

LSS TS LT IY

Hits: You ate loyal to the
‘Wyrm. You will et nothing short of your own personal
<eath interfere with the completion of your latest asign-
‘ment. You do not talk very much, and find those who
‘ramble dstastefu. Your killing isan ar: itis nothing ike
the hoeibleslicings of many ofthe othe fort,

Sicklungs
Geaits

Powers: ee) | Noxious Breath (2), Immunity (3;,
Pet =

"aims Requted) Breed Pej (1), Doom (i
fve wan) choo} morn Taser
Description

Image Schur ok jute anyone le. They tend
ws cant hn ml sregyr ve to tas

a ee leer hot

Fee) and dren cel They ae wal bight wpety
‘mobile people who just don't have the wilpowet to stop

Project Iliad's Smoker's Bane program. Banes kno
are introduced into the recipients' bodies

through drinking a non-alcoholic toast to thet sucess
History: The genesisofSicklungs reaches back several
years tothe ban on cigarette advertising and stretches.
the present as more and more public buildings become
smokeftee. Furious that hee newly planned campaign &©
‘erode Lunghaggerstoan unknowing populace through
placing them within cigarettes would be jeopardized
through lack of advertising and marketing opportunity,
Dr Nicola Tregar determined to have her revenge. Tat-

Smoker's Bane program. Her second generation of
Sicklungs ae just reaching thei five-year term lit but
hordes of former smokers ae poised to follow in their
ying otters

Roleplaying Hints: Lifes good. Thanks to that self-
help group you joined to stop smoking, you've gained
confidence in yourself and taken up light exercise. You
enjoy being with people, anditshowsin your work. Infact,
yougocthat promote you wanted. Youdon't understand
fi when people say they can't stop smoking. Look at you.


4,

You dd cand ic was easy, You can‘ walt co attend your
meeting and dink that toast to succes each week. Every
body ought toknow about this! Well there isthat twinge
Inyourside every now and again, butt' probably noth

Sons of Typhon

Traits

Backgrounds: Allies 2 (low fat brothers)
Powers (Sunsested) Procteation 4), Regeneration (5)
‘Taines: (Required) Breed Prejudice (1)

Description

‘Amerka college campuses re placsfr youn people
‘ot Typo are mote than happy to hep. Come t the
pledge par!

major college campus, and is betaer are wl Geanced
tcrecningby tetas powell the trohe nt howe,

may joes

FreakLegion

A yy,

have the empty places that the Wyrm lovestofillTyphon,
the demonic Wyrm-beat of Greek mythology, their
patron spit The myths describe Typhon as a gant o

‘ed with wings and snakes; the wings ate his atendant
Bane, whilehissnake heads are the fomnori who dois wil

Thefeaterityhasingisa Wyrm ual fartoo disgusting
to desribe. Stomach pumps, enema bags and be
fallofBane-ichor all have thet place (Drink th
bythe end of"Hell Weekend" the pledges are fro. The
tmaraformation proces is slow, however, nd many bee:
sodden, star-diving, vomit-oaked partis are required to
seat the Bane in che pledge' soul. If he withdraws at any
time the process must be restarted, For each time tha the
pledgebecomes unconscious fom battering fights, fom
drinking or drug use, or fom Wyrm rites, the Bane gains
Willpower, Rage, and Gnosis. When it achieves fll
power, the young man isa fomor

‘The Banes which attend the haing rituals are numer:
cous andsothe bothershave avarietyof powers. Of courte
those who ae already frnot wil keep what powers they
have, but powers such as Procreation and Regeneration
‘make fora eal bunch of party animals. Atypical Bane wll
be one of Typhon's Brood (se the Apperiis.

‘Once the ist yearoffaterity membership finished,
the members are fomori in eamest. The bent for vio
lence, vandalism andrapeishardertocontrooc hie, and
thei posesion of fomor powers makes them more de-

mel


 liimahteaeeieemeneetchean

structive. No one ever notices how few Tau Upsilon
brother graduate, but the Brothers know that
Pharmaceuticals, OmnsTV and Vesuvius, Inc have pe-
«ial work study programs for them...

Thr

Passing sel proeaes fron is
A Shes reas sh who des
Lang as my arm and five time sick

You dion the end of my rom deck

= Coven, "lon Dik"
Traits

Powers: (Required) Enhancement (3, Megs Strength
(04% (Sopot) Regeneration (5), Surge Genta 2),
Sense Gaia 2)

Taint: (Requied) Derangement (3; misogyny), Men
tal De-evolution (3+; Mega Strength)

Description

Imager Hulking muscle-bound prettyboys with pet-
etl erections. Many seem far more attractive in perce
than thei loks would indicat, bu their manners leave
a great deal tobe deied.

Genesis: These "advanced sedents" of Dr. Veridian
(Gee Chapter Four begin a insecure guys who wanted to
‘enhance their manhoes. Dr. Verdian's Bane -posons and
their own frustrations being out all he worst male enden-
‘les and exaggerate chem to a homicidal degree. Vanity,
violence, pointless anget and sexual agzreion warp theve
oor ys into vital eavemen who cae for nothing but
fighting, fucking and pumping see

The mutations begin with strong pheromone
tions and intense muscular growth. Mood
Sccompany the change. As the powenion dieses the
fomor's weirder powers manifest. Extreme cases grow
‘massive phali, gigantic muscles and a rabid hatred of
‘women (an unconscious rebellion agnnst Gaia). These
types rape and kill without remorse. Theis tempers and
criminal behavior often lead them to seek jobs at Pentex
subsidiaries, where many work as bodyguards, spies and
PRD specialises Along the way, Th eaune alotof

Fomorach

‘The light dha ems sie as bright Bes half as ong.

— Tyrell from the film Bldenawer

Although fomorion the whole arent the most illstt-
ccusof beings they are at leas better of than thei tainted
counterparts, known to liad as fomorach. Twisted fomori
so degenerate that they are good for lite but recycling,
fomorach provide the raw material for Pentex spet projects
snd lads hohing geet exprinenn, No content
with the unconsrolled vagaries of production,

ad's Section C scents seek, but have not yet found, a
stable process dhrough which they may create these sad
products of che Wem sick humor.

Genesis: The Recycling
Program

punishment for wasting Banes, andthe est were st the

task of dscovering why this wat happening and whether

‘or not these creatures could somehow he use.
Tireatened with a fate similar to that of thet col

leagues, Mid'

breakthroughs.

They

swith the greatest prychological flaws attracted the most
‘powerful Banes. These Bane, in turn both corupted and
‘empowered them beyond the levels of average foror
‘Aod, while chettIfespans approximated those of gat
they were sil viable resources even after theie deaths.
Tad could wie the wibtances into which they degener-
ated, depending upon breed, for projects ae various at
fomoe creation and control, polluted materials for oce-
‘anc dumping sts, building components at construction

misery. Though many of these fomoti come in pretty
pckages,chote who stray too clove to them get hurt.
Badly

History: Very lite a of yet — Dr. Veridian's miracle
workout program has been on the market for less than
thee yeas, and has just picked up steam in the lst 15

Roleplaying Hints: Think of every roten jock you'te
‘ever known; now act that way.

————

thus lladusesthe promise of Fomorlinjctionst contol

6"


aadicted fomor's behavior. Iis speculated that peolonged
addiction permanently boosts fomoei powers, but aso
shortens thei fespan andlor horribly mutates them.

beaded torecrutment program praduct tocreate foot
quickly ("Sure that diet chocoace malt eases fanny, bat
{el produce a whole new you!"

* Project Mad now has the Fomorach Generation

Program (FOP) firmly in place, with Pentex's approval to
intentionally create fomorach. While Had' scientists
hhave made some progres in determining how to tip the

sometimes resulting in these genetic freaks. While sill
largely uneliable, FOP has nevertheless greaty benefited
iad and Pentex, which employ the short-lived fomnoeach
1s shock troops as needed. While alive, fomocach form
elite troops of uch raw power that they are often capable
ofstanding against acacm of Garou: when dead, fomoeach

too impotent to be used in smile fashion. Hind wes
Fomor to gather up fomorach remains and tansport them
tothe labs where scientists "recyele" them into Fomorol
and other substances chat later serve ar some of the
‘Wyrm's most effective pollutants and carcinogens.

Breeds

Additional duties of Ma's Recycling Program sien

tists include research and implementation of other

applications for expited fomoeach. These sient have

Aiscovered some interesting trends concerning breed

sr0ups,fomorach generation, and Fomorol. Just as there

are Breed of fom, ther sem to be bred of foroeach.|
the

WA Lf tasmmerrarmsvwnncamnamrant oratory

Colliquators

Powers: ( 1) Gaseous Form (5), Numbing (3),
Phi Foem (3), Stbber Soe (3)

"aint (Reed) Bred Prejosice (3), Derangement
icreate oe) Dood 5)

wr Deformity

The Collins a mesial term for thor fmorach
whe dies become scabs in weer or eher iid
‘bsancen reed pollate oceans vers tem, nd
stherbodesof water Ths goupedst cde fomorach
‘hac ate poopy fd, vcun slimy, poly ot portent

Renitents

Powers (Suggested) CamFang (3+) ExaLinbs(3),
Hide of the Wyee (15), MepeStength (3+), Regenes
100 (5)

Taints: (Required) Breed Prejudice (3), Derangement
(create one), Doomed (4-5)

leave them i slid state. Generally, thelt powers center
taround theie physical enhancements. After death,
are wualy used to createstracturesorhigh teh
‘products — some to create the actual concrete ot steel
‘sed rosupport building. otherstocreat security systems
‘or ant-Onrou weapons I is whispered that, even after
death, these stractures retain some form of malevolent
sentience, bt none of Hid' scents care to purse this
angle for evidence
‘While these breeds are particulary suited for certain
‘tasks they may be wed for any of chem For instance, with
some extra peepurtion, aCalliquatorcan be ued tocteate
Fomoro, ofa Renitent may be wed to pollote a pond.
Live fomorach may be used to create potent batches of
Fomotol called Alpha-Fomotl. Thus fat, however, injee-
‘dons of Alpa-Fomorol have instantly killed fomori and
humans. Alnthe proce edo creat Fomor fom ve

‘These include the ‘and the
Renitents
Fomorols

Powers: ( 1) Fungal Touch (4), Infectious

Touch (5), Poison Tumors (3), Immunity (5; potas)

‘ainess (Required) Breed Prejudice (3),Derangement
(Gy create one), Doomed (4-5)

Flaw: Deformity

[Named after the drug they produce, the Fomorols are
those fomorach whose bodies ate best sited to padce
the drug after death. Generally, this group includes
omorach that are highly toxicogentc (creating toxic
molds, venoms, proteins, carcinogens, and 3 forth), le
ous andlor who carrysit-cewater hore wasting dea,

FreakLegion

and usually results ina
Scdtomorchra Sead set tbh Alp Fanaa
Injections into fomorach ae curently being tested. On

‘These fomorach Banes are attracted to and especially
well-suited for creating new fomorach. With each new
generation, approximately one percent become Banes.
iad' sceotises speculate that,

fomorach-Banes, the overall strength and power of

AN

—_———a


ing, They estimate cha in seventy-five year allelic being
‘equal, fomorach will outnumber foot two to one.

Playing a Fomorach

‘Only humans with severe peyhological laws may be
transformed into fomorach, Because of thei inherent
A sescabilty, Pentex wants to ensutefomorach remain s-

lent according to the tenets of the Omega Plan. Ifthe
‘experiment getsoutofhand, will norhesitatetodispore
‘of the fomorach; thus, i hardly needs to be said that
Individuals who buck Project ia'sauthoeity i the shore
term are immediately sain.

‘fer saving them fom thei wards (4e below) lad
Informs all fomorach of theie looming mortality, then
Promises them immorality in exchange for loyalty. Foe
‘harctes this threat, aswell as lads promise of mor
tality should chrow into even greater elie their monstrous
steve for life, health, and normality

‘Once enttely Ilias project recently fomorach have
been springing up outside of Ma's laboratories, in small
towns and backward communities, Thee uncontrolled

Yonge lifespan, such as they are) ot fom these villages
(ho are unlikely to survive for more than one day).
Although village fomorach ae not long or this world at
least they have some freedom and a chance to orga
others of thei ik against the forces of Pen

(Once youhave determined which type offomorach you
would like toplay (Ikador Village), create your character,
All fmorach characters have two of more visible and
rather disgusting physical deformities and at least one
‘major psychological law. They mus take the Faw Defor-
rity and the Taint: Doomed (ether 4 o 5 points).

Fomorach Preludes

‘Themetamorphonis iteldfersdependingon whether
cor not you are an Iind ot a Village. Many Iliad fomorach
‘enter Project Hiad-run mental hospitals and rehabilia-
tion programs as humans an exit at fomor or fomorach
(Others are taken from among the unstable homeless, the
drug addicts, and underage correction institutes (iid
scientists favor the moldable minds ofthe young). Foe a
‘month, your wards — unbeknownst you, liad scientists
inject you with Fomorol until you stat to fee yourself
changing. Acthis point, your wards move you to high:
securty pen whete you ate strapped down and lef to
complete your tansormation in utter darkness. If not
aleeady there, many humans cross the threshold into
insanity at this point. You are given no one to talk to

AA PANT TTC
fomeeac, nthe fomortowhom they ref eincea-

(assuming youcan sill talk) and no one to listen to. Your
food is laced with trace amounts of Fomorol and only
‘comes once a day. The darkness keeps you wondering
about the extent of your change (for instance, some
omorach elsoresdevelopingon theirbodies butcannot
see them, which exacerbates the growing apprehension).
‘The anxiety of not knowing what i happening to yout
‘oay as it mutates, coupled with the stress of your own
tnnate psychological fs, becomes overwhelming and
‘eventually you crack. Typically, Project Iliad sends some
fomor to help you "escape" from this nightmare, thereby
‘winning your trust and perhaps you loyalty, andthe game
begins.

‘Whilefomorach Vllagersarenotquiteasdebikitatingly
inane, they neverthelesshave serious payehologica las,
‘As a Villager, you may come from a rural Lovecraftian
town where a soto prtual malady has et in, making it
a playground for Banes. Or you may be a city person
addicted to some black market drug (actualy Fomorol)
which makes you feel powerful. Or perhaps you'e a

the good ike Seth Brundle in The Fly, you feelenerget
alive, better than you've fel in year. Bat then you st
‘coring, o sprouting wiry hat, o growing along, horned
proboscis fom your hip, and you beyin to wonder if
‘everything is as OK asi seemed

Obviously, fomorach are not meant o be played ae
‘characters for lengthy chronicles. However, they make
‘eal one-shots and are grat if used for aie, intense dip
lao the real horror behind the concept of fomor

Few fomorach have heatd of Garou, Since youl be
ling for only afew weeks or months a the moxt, youl
probably only hearofthem when yournee them, Youle
told to guard some Pentex outpost of sout the forest
nearby, and then youl find out prety quickly

Do any fomorach ive more than six months? A very
few, but because of the nature of theie power, surviving
omorach mutate once a week for the rest of thei live,
Picking up new diseases or painful alterations of th
‘body's unnatural structure I they live, they can become
more powerful than even Garou, but they must endure
‘extreme pin and discomfort every waking moment.

The oldest fomeorach on recon fom ts date of fis fll
metamorphosis, has lived for two years. When not en

kept in a cryogenic tank co
sept wit

1 pumped with
morphine and st loose as aone-"perion" army. At least
twenty fomorach are required get i back into the
cryogenic tank each time. They ar then wed to create
more Fomor

(Chapter Two: Breeds o

FA Sr IY



C hapter.‘C "ine '

J Bipersatura 2
tds Fomor


FEE

Supernatural Character
Creation

Supernatural free characters begin with whatever
character creation proces thei particular game entails
"Thus vampires are created and receive their regular Dis
ciplines according to clan, and their other attributes
(Blood Pool, Vitwes, et) based on their gener
Garou receive thee Gifts, changeling select Arts and
Realms, mages choose thet magickal Spheres, paychics
‘buy Numina and mummies generate theitSethem. Every
thing is created as ifthe character were going
normal member of her race. Becoming fomon ill in the
Powers and Taints (and the prelode).

Delirium Immunity

A Power which almost all supernatural fomori poses:
without having to pay fori is Immunity tothe Delirium.
Theyate immune by viruc ofbeing supernatural and they
don't los it when they change intofomon. The exception
tothis athe paychic character. Prychica must have tle
thece does inany one Numina inorder

Powers and Taints

Once the character has been created, the Storyteller
and the player should decide together what Powers and
Taines the individual will have. Better stl, che player
should sep aide and let the Storyteller get relly creative
Not al fomoe should be aware of every power they may
manifest na sres situation. Nor shoul they necessarily
have aclue whatthe drawbacks ate tothote wondrous new
rowers they've acquired through dealing with the Wem
unt i'stoo late. You asked fort, powermonger. These
are bought with a purchase system like that used to gain
Merits and Flaws. Powers ate purchased by taking Taints
to offset them. Funny how that old catch-22 sneaks upon
femora tt

Of coume, the character i fre to take regular Merits
aod Flaws as well (go ahead, the more the merit), but
fone may be wed to offet control any Powers of Taints
the character takes. Take as many as you want (hey that's
the coolpart about being supernatural, butremember, the
sore Power you want, the mote Taints you have to take,
Eventually, you have so many Taint, you're non-viable
for any length of tie. Poof. Your bead fall ff when y
stand up. Time to create another character. How about 2
reasonable one this ie?


es

Bi

A Lf

How and Why
Whea al as been decid, Storer and player

Carve
Ras nthe Una, hile mage with the Sui Sphere
‘might hold Banes at bay or dss them. Mummies have
several parts to theit souls and are thus uit difficult to
‘esti a spiritual batl, and paychics ean often protect
themselves fom spritual anaulen Mont vampuees haven
such protections. Though they ae ostensibly helpless to
‘prevent Banes from possessing them, they have their own
method of dealing with it

anes that ery to possess unwilling supernatural hosts
must therefore make a succesfl Gnosis roll verns the
‘prospective hox's Willpower #2 to attempt the takeover
che Bane wins, ic then mus spend 24 hours undisturbed
while t manifests inside dhe host. I diss succesful, the
Bane permanently expends apointol Willpower tosh
Itsholdon the victim This permancntly lowers the result
Inglomoe's Willpower at wel Because omanynypematural
‘entities are able to fightback, most Banes chat ater
‘uch posesions do so unde the guardianship of others of
theie kind who fight for them aed try to keep the vitin
from towing off the posers influence.

the character san unwilling host some thought may
be given tohow he might be feed ofthe Bane — usually
animpossibility Death salwaysan option, but immersion
In the Silver Lake (for Garou) ot committing suicide (ot
changeling) before your ferie nature ts utery destroyed
so tha you faerie soul may return in clean new human
body ae also options. Kindked might be able to bur out
the Bone if they can withstand the sun's burning ays ot
a few minutes, and mummies might be able to fos the
Bane off on their Ka, effectively ceasing to be mummies
Eo aclerstermerl

Willing elf the

Dampire Fomori

— Gwar, "Crackin the Esa"

Garou believe that vampires ace creatures of che Wm
anyway, s0 why not go whole hop Vanes should provide
the easiest targets for Bane posession as many are themselves

corrupt. Theyre arrogant. They've beaten death and estab-
liked theme atte top ofthe fd cha eye ater
and stronger than humans, can compel cbedence fom leet
being, and can change into bas of wisps of snake at wll
"They contol the police andthe pes, hold court among the
liter and arses ofthe cities and overiee vast fortunes. If
she acquit an enemy, a vampice may detoy her opponent
— crs hn Why shoal vps ble tat
they wort have the upper hand agaist

‘Whether i is this belief othe blood of Caine which

the senior partner in the arrangement. When they dis
cover this, many Banesseek tole the flesh ofthe undead,
and that's when they discover that they are tapped inside
— permanently: Welcome to yout own nightmare, Bane

buddy Forthisreason, vampiric foron are extremely rare
nly the boldest and tedden othe lcs oes of the
Bane world seek to possess varpites

"Two Bane beeds which do noe have such difcultes
with Kindeed ate Blod Banes and Pyychomachise. They
take no penalties when atempting to possess vampiric
targets. Because oftheir respective connections to blood
and rengy, these Bnesare abletobesttheit hosts and take

Banewnrseconed ety these enn,
‘cis uterly imposible forthe Wyrm-sprit to be removed
from the creature shor of iling bh hor and Bane. The
creature ha effectively joined together with the Bane to
become something completely new: a supernatural fort.

‘Though theoretically i & posible for each of the
supernatural hosts detailed below to be posesed by any
sort of Bane which ean corupe a human cat 4
tie, certain types of Banes tend to manifest within each
pe. Specific Banes are detailed in the Appendix and are
thetypes most ely to succeed in possessing asupernat
ral characte. Each creates formar bred with specific
Powers and Taints characteristic ofthat breed. This is by
‘no means an exhaustive lst. Fel fre to tweak things a8
smuch as you like to create the character you want. Go
shead, we dare you.

(Chapter Three: Supernatural Fomori
A TS A TS A A TY

‘control. Even then, partial control
‘over their own mins, at leat part f the tiene.

Some Kite actively welcome Bones. Whether tempted
through Projet Iliad e weed rials gone ary, these ¥am-
pices seek ensy power. While Sabbat might sem ro be the
Ferfect hots satay the independents andthe Cala
indeed who most often fl ey to Bane as they sek some
‘newer, rater weapon to help them nthe Jad and in their
‘ongoingpolitcal machinations Thowe whoaretoosmarttobe
‘caught committing dabere (since i shows up in your au)
‘a ataly the most likly 2 succumb o Bane temptation,

Project iad under che watchfl ey of Harold Zt, the
Mallavian anzinbu board member of Pentex, has recently
‘begun actively ecuting amalla Kindred fr experiments
‘don i creating force. Their most success
‘nding to datehascreatedabeing the calla"Bload Hound"

1


ALS taser armani nares craton

Blood Hound Powers

‘Blood Sniffing (2 pts) — This power allows the fomor to track anyone she has come within 50 feet
of within the lat 24 hours. Essentially, she can return to the place where the person (or creature) to be
‘tracked was and can use her recollection of that individual's blood scent to track him. Even ifthe person
{ot into a car and drove off, the fomor can accurately follow him thanks to her attunement to his blood.
Ifthe quarry is not found within 24 hours, the scent fades away.

Like any bloodhound, however, a vampiric fomor with his Power is very susceptible to olfactory
‘overload. Red pepper, really stinky fish, and such things which cros the trail the fomor is following tend
tooverwhelm the blood scent, causing fis of sneezing and great discomfort forthe nexthalfhout. The tail

may be picked back up after tha time if 24 hours have not elapsed. Additionally, the evocative smell of
the blood being followed blots out blood which is closer to the fomot. She can not notice any other blood
during the time she is actively hunting her frst quarry, and thus she may not hunt or drink other blood.
‘This could lead to a frenzy if the fomori starts on the tail hungry.

System: The fomor doesn't need to rol to activate this Power; once purchase, iti a natural ability.
However, Perception + Alertnes rolls may be required to distinguish the quary'sblood from other smells
inthe area. Only one target may be hunted ata time. The charactercan smell the scent from 20 yards away.
more than 24 hours have elapsed since the scent was lf, this power is usless.

* Blood Vomit (4 pts) — This Power is exactly what it sounds like. The vampiric fomor may elect to
‘vomit up a gout of blood (equivalent to one Blood Point) ata target no more than two yards in front of
het. The regurgitated blood has been changed by the fomor's Wyrm-tainted body and is now more like
napalm of liquid fire than mere blood.

Systems The fomor spends one Blood Point and ros Dexterity + Athletics toaim the blood spray. The
target must be within two yards ofthe fomor (and may attempt to dodge). Ifthe atack is successful the
target receives two levels of aggravated damage which cannot be soaked (except by Fortitude). This power
‘may be used as many times asthe fomor chooses, so long as she has the blood to fuel it. Blood drained from
4 target takes at least one tur before it can be vornited up.

Taint

+ Diseased Blood (4 ps) — The varpiticfomor suffers through recurring cyclesofillness from the dseaes
carried within her blood. She may experience chills, raging fever, headaches, nausea, grinding pain oF
terrible weakness. She breaks out in spots, rashes or ulcerations, or develops Kapeni's sarcoma, which is
characterized by malignant bluish-te skin tumors. Normal animals tend to shy away fom her (even fshe
has Animal Ken) sensing the rttenness of her blood. Additionally those she feeds from have a 90%
chance of becoming infected by some sort of wasting disease such as AIDS.

Imagine how much fun itis for her to bite and feed from a werewolf. Yes, even those mangy curs can be
infected by this brand new, supematurally-incubated disease. Yum. If those affected are the vampite's
regular herd, feeding from them afer she has infected them causes a recurrence ofthe disease within her.

System: Due tothe tremendous sres this disease creates a Blood Hound loses adot fom Strength and
‘Stamina and one Willpower point every month. This can be offset by a special treatment, requiring a
complete blood transfusion vampire-syle (via mouth after draining), available from Project liad
Naturally, Harold Zettler'sblood is used asthe base forthe treatment, meaning those vampires who tought
sreater power by becoming fomori have instead become Blood Bound tothe Mallavian andimbu and must
tum to him to preserve theie unlives.

ee

ae ed LS

Blood? Hounds

Craits

‘Powers: (Required) Blood Sniffing (2), Blood Vori(4)
‘Taina: Required) Breed Prejatie(2),Diseased Blood (4)

Description

Image: Blood Hounds may appear as normal humans (i
the vampite possesses the Merit: Baby Face), or they may
seem to be teribly ill, with lesions and obvious sores,
spatteredacrosstheiskin Since
the vampiric Fomor may seem fine one night, b
a bubonic plague victim by the nex night
breaths incredibly foul, asthough thecharacterhad been
‘wishing decaying blood around in hee mouth.

Genesis: Blood Hounds are created when a Blood Bane,
a spirit which serves che Eater-f Soul, poseses a va

pte, These Banes are highly attracted to Kindred, entering
{nto the vampite's bloodstream and infecting her with a
variety of blood-borne diseases. On the god side, merging
withthe Bane gives the vampire an extra thee pois in

"History: Blood Hounds have only been around fora

in the experimental

just lke an elder. Nobody better mess with you (while

Psychomachiae and the Single
Dampire

‘Seringa fren. They roll abou, causing the new fomor to
engage in wild killing sprees (Masquerade? What Mas-


querade!) characterized by the most sickening viclenc
a meee agen erred with periods of

came Lf hammer armsroamcunvemnwetLavatioosss |

spiritual tot within can only be hidden s0 long before it

paranoia. Many vampies never
know they've been turned into fomor: most don'tremem-
ber what they do while under the urging of the
Peychomacha.Ifnot caught by vampire hunters or era
cated ina Blood Hunt, che fomor eventually soccumbs 9
‘utter madness. Though such fomor often exhib incred-
Ibe cunning and cruely, once they have lost touch with
realty, they wwully don las long. Thove who do wavive
ate extemely dangerous opponent. Vampire fomoe cre
ated from Psychomachiae can have jest about any
Combination of Power longer they ae fey Tees
which cause the vampie to experience killing rage and
take insane actions (such asa ).
Allvampiressffermental derangement to some degree
when possessed. Thee pyches cannot adjust to playing
second idle to Bane Eventually, nothing else pets the
‘vampiric fomor, she will df further and further into
insanity. Many all pey to catatonia and die when the wn
tives upon them: others go out in killing frenzy. Some
‘become 3 paranoid they lock themselves sway, aan
venture out even for Blood, and enter torpor. Woe tothe
oor slo that accidentally wakes them up.

Garou Fomori

Blights and Hellholes a they fat nothing ele. Foe theit
part, Banes delight in overcoming and corrupting Gaia's
{ieenders ond nang bok cones ose eich Bane
powerful or clever enough to ride a Garou. Because Bones
‘and Garou are anathema toone another, the new fomor is
at war with himuelf There sa constant struggle between,
the Bane potion of the fomor and his Garou ide. The
more he struggles, however, the greater a Garou's Rage
‘becomes andthe les able het o contol his Gifs.
The spirits who teach Gifts tothe Garou willnct teach
those who are Wyrm tainted and refweto approach them,
if summoned. Garou foot can learn no other Gate
‘except those known tothe Black Spiral Dancers If Gets
‘orrites are wed to summon spits only Banes appear. OF
course, the new fonor does gain two permanent points of
Rage mediately (unles this would push bien above ten
points).
‘Anyone who wes Sense W'ym onthe corrupted Garou
can tell that the characteris Wyrm-tainted unless the
thas the power Deception, which hides his true
nature under a false aura — and very few Garou foot
Ihave acess to this potent power. Even with Deception,
the fomor's actions will eventually give him away. The

brats forth, and the radical personality change which
Garou' to a fomoe will

Garou ae hardly helpless when it comes to fighting off
‘anattacking Bane. With thet knowledge of Banesand the
ability to step sideways ino the Umbra, Garou have an
‘advantage neither morals, not most supernaturals have
— batting Bunes on their home eur, where they can be

<eseroyed: Rather than waiting helplesly for che posses:

‘Garou occupied while slips in and ares rearranging the
vwerewolfs mental uricue

Then there are the foolish Garou, who are ewisted by
Jealousy or hated ofa pack member ot angry at theit lack
‘of promotion to higher anks or simply noe wise enough t9

‘Garou realises only when is too late that he has fst
permittedancther tomanter hie —anunclean alien pit

Ihe doesnt go hack to Gaia — in fact, sometimes he gets
back upand goes on even afterhe'sdead and falling apart
Hey, don't say we dide' warn you.

Like varpites, almost any type of Bane may attempt to
possess Garou, bt only afew are particule adept ai

Howling Shamblers

Power: Reqs) Hortlonr (3) Nemitng)
‘Sense Gaia (2), Scent ofthe Wyld (5),Sharbling (6; see
sidebar)

‘Taint: (Required) Bred Prejatice (2), Doomed (4:6
‘month, The Fading (5), Limited Mobility (2), Rotting (6)

m FreakLegion

LS


ne AA

Howling Shambler Powers

‘Howls of Horror (3 pts) — Howling Shamblerscan emit ahorible cry which invokes diferent reactions from
other werewolves depending on the pach and timbre ofthe howl. A comrupion ofthe howls which Garou use for
‘communication, ches cries ate wied as lures and fr paycholowial warfare

‘The how! can cause whomever hean it (excep for agents ofthe Wyrm) to become paralyzed with confsion for
‘one tur. They can tke no actions, not even 0 flee fight or defend chemselves. The fomor may instead emit the
‘howl of fear, causing non-Wyrm creatures who hear it to fle i teror.

Systems The fore spends one Willpower and rolls Manipulation + Expresion (dificuty 7). To mimic a
particular Garou howl (Le. the Call for Succor), the formoe must make a Intelligence + Rituals roll dificulty 7).
(Otherwise, the Garou who respond my be suspicious and wary ofa tap.

+ Shambling (6 pts) — When a Howling Sharble des, whether fom his own intemal comuption or fom injures
received he emaine down for only one tum. Then he lim ack to is fc, tng dripping blow and slime, the epitome
‘of corruption, and resumes his ast tak. I he was fighting or example he continues a though he never die, howling
shoulihly and moving on tothe next opponent ad the nex until there are no opponents et He then moveselfin seach
‘of pew victims kilinganyone who gets in is way anddiningon the es, posible Ihe was engaged in some mune
"activity uch as fixing dinner, he goes though the mocinsof cooking and eating then begins search for Garou toight,
howling challenges ashe goes. Naturally ashis body is dead, he sony able to sharable along a alfhis normal peed This
allows many potential victims to escape simply by running away. OF couse, sone oF later they'l hae 0 sleep

The body is not preserved from the ravages of death; st oozes pus and ble and cancerous looking sores develop on i
Blowflies may take up eidence i the dead lsh. Eventually, the hoy decay tothe point where team no longer emai
animace, Before that pone only fie ot acid can stop the ting fro. Last arms afl legs continue to crawl alone
td attack withthe rest ofthe body, and low ead roll along trying to fasten the teth into anything that moves.

‘System: The foro spendsall ut one of his remaining Willpower pointsat the moment of death. One urn later,
she wil ve gui,

Caints
‘The lea artractive part ofeing a Howling Shambler should he obvious, They must purchase che Taints: Doomed,

(within six months, they gee petty ripe), Limited Mobility (Jad folks can' un too fast), Rotting (hey, they te
dea Darou that his ines

titer wilingh suvedered himself or been taken ove by one of hove who dented the White Howler If that
‘were not enough his own incessant howling shatters his nerves, making him ssceptble to sane rages

Description

Image: One tye of Howling Shambles ike the
set oferatypenon your mother warned you about. nan
iy chloe ta theres ade pelted ees ce aes
thera mated and ith, ad thet clothe ry ad

Truc to their name, once sain, the creature can only
shamble along with a semblance of life If they have not
been destroyed before then, within si months the body it
s0 far gone that falls apart and decays into a puddle of
‘ese. New Howling lsanities are spanned i such cose.

Genesis: One particlar breed of Bane makes coring
Garoa thes life's work. Many ofthese work alongside Black
Spel Dancer, cme serve more powerful anes and not afew
of them exist to mere with Garou to create foro. They ate
nownas Howling nsnitis,andtheytakenopenalic when,

‘When Howling Shamblers are killed, they reaniate

the next turn, wounds gaping. and resume the activity in
which they were engagedat the time oftheir death (aay
combat). Chopping pieces off a "dead" Shamber i 2 bad
‘ea; chs won't stop the Shambler since the pieces just
attack independently. Only immersion in acid or being
<consumedby fre willstopthe Shambler(and pars there).
(Once killed, the Shamber's body goes through the ine

the creature's ip, and the amell is gut-wrenching

(Chapter Three: Supernatural Fomori

a

astemeing to pomens Garou Werewalves who at sccenfly
ose ty Howling sanitis become Howling Shambles

History: Howling Insanitis haveexstdforaverylong
time. These craved Banes were among those who helped to
destroy the White Howlers long ago. Hoping to create
‘more Black Spiral Dancers, the Insanities began tying 9
‘merge with normal Garou. The few succesesthey achieved
were so effective in creating horror among ther Garou
‘that Project Iliad stepped in and standardaed the process
so the results would be predictable in each fomot. The few

75

a nary,


Ags

Howling Shamblers which Project Iliad have eld tested

bested the Garou pups they were sent to kill Plans ate

underway to Breed enough to take over whole caems
Roleplaying Notes: Uh the Garou gota die. The nice

doe said 40. Abrooo! They will kill you if they can

‘Ahrooo! So you gota get them fist. Ahroooaoco!

ky did, sharble alot and doa forge to bowl

Mage Fomori

Mages ate more likely t fl to Banes due to ill-advised
Journeys into blighted areas of the Umea than other
supernatural eypes. Those who seek power ot new know!
‘ge may bargain with Banes, litle reaiing what they are
actually throwing away. In some cases, Banes may hide
thei tue natures, fooling unwary mage ito believing
they ae ood pits willing to teach the mage new Spheres
cof magick or impart information that the mage may et
tise in power. Some simply tecicd the mystick one,
pethaps guarding her fom harm while she travels the
‘Unbal reals, only toattack when the mage ese puaed
down. Other practitioners may invite the Bane in thinking
that they can control it with arcane rials, frgeting that
once inside, the spit sno longer a Bane bt part of anew
being in which the mage has awested interest

Dancing on thi ie to the tune ofa new piper might
even be exciting for awhile, and those Banes who inhab
mages tend to let che mage have lot of control and

Myoual

76

leeway. At fint. Long enough to commit herself and
dlicover jus what kid of bargain she's made, Once she

ne grant, the mage has doomed
an ever deepening downward spiral

For every thtee points worth of Powers the mage pu
chance he hones one po ‘ning

the drops whatever levels she had gained sa ren
former Arete. Fot example, if the mage had an Arete of
three and could therefore gui up to theee levels in et
magickal Spheres, when she lous a point of Arete, het
acceso those tied levels of the Spheres disappears
fcc, she has stripped herself of the highet levels of
nowiedge and atunement to her Avatar which allowed
hhertoue magick tochange the world and replaced t with
2 few, limited polo icks. That those tricks bring with
them some fairly hefty debacks merely compound the
problem

‘Whenever the mage realizes that her magick is dying
she usally grasps frantically at anything that sight re
store hee waning power. Guest what's available? More
fomoei Powers! Ofcourse, she acqutesthree more points
worth, down goes the Arete again. Eventually, the Bane
aspect gains ascendency, corrupting her Avatat com
pletely. Even ifshe manages to get back on the cosmic
steel aod try again (not eerily likely), her Avatar may

nmenemvnert iacararagenaol


re ft

sxill be comupted in her next lifetime, oti might have
been damaged enough that she can never we magick
again.

Inacio coher other problems, a mage fomoe sticks
‘out likea Nephandus at a church social. Other mages can
sense something wrong with her anda ook ater Avatar
reveals it to be covered in suppurating wounds. Every
magickal working she attempts has a chance of atracting
Paradoxasifitwere viewed bya nonAwakened mortal a
the mage herself san insu tothe natural order of things.
Lucky gi at least she has chance of making anew start
ext time, however si.

Changeling Fomori

CChangelings who ae in their mortal guise, partcuarty
those who have fallen to Banalty and temporarily forgot
tentheie faerie selves, are highly susceptible to powession
byBanes. Those who ae in thei faerie aspects at the time
‘ofthe atempted possession are more peotected and may
try to call upon their Glamour to shield dhemselves
Should they alto hold off the possession, they may make
‘one attempt at rollin theit Glamour against the Ban's
Willpower to expe the Bane before merges with them.
his i unsucensful, they have become merged and are
ow fomot.

CChangelings who become fomor\ are completly lot.
‘The transformation utterly destroys thee immortal faerie
soul, rendering them wholly mundane and Banal. This
1 gradual proces, taking several months. Though they
retain theit frie Glamou, they become more and mote
deadly to other changeings, as they exude both Banality
and corruption wherever they go. Changeling omer
retain (orinsome cases, gain) acompelingbeasty, but
Ike covering acesspool with fine oriental carpets the rot
Inside seepsthrough everything they do. When dheyat at
sacamb the or die in battle they die forever,

ee sous iretrevably lot.

Dsychic Fomori

There have long been horror stories about mediums
who opened themselves to spirit guides only to find
themselves possessed by malevolent entities Prychics af,
by their very nature, saceptible to possession because
they must open their minds inorder to use their owers
That's like hanging outa vacancy sign for Banes. Many
never even realize that they've ben invaded, atributing

(Chapter Three: Supernatural Fomori

yma

theirstrange new emotions and power toa broadening of
theisomn paychic abilities. Those whoknow sufertersibly
if they try to fight, while those who embrace their new
entities often accept the Bane's tutelage and convince
themselves that they ae fa too important tobe allowed

‘to go mad or perth in some minor engagement with the
‘Wyrm's enemies. And they do profit. Bane possession
scems to enhance psychic power, giving the psychic one
‘extra dot in is primary paychic ability (or providing him
‘withonedotnasecond ability this peimary one already
at level five). Whether they are in the know of not,
psychic fomon eventually bur out: most end thet lives
through suicide
Project Aeneid

Pentex as recently begun a new project which com-
bines Project Iliad with Project Ouysey (their paychic
rogram). In Project Aeneid, they have exposed psychics
‘to Bane possession inorder to create paychicfomor. Thus
far, they have had thee best wecest with Mind Feeders,

‘who combine with payehies to produce fomot known at
Beain Eaters (sce Chapter Two).

Bane Mummies

(Created through a cotrupted ital formulated in a:
lent Exypt there are only seven known Bane Mummies
Imexitence. Set created the Bane Mummies and named
each one. They exist ro serve him and to assist in his
eventual return. It is possible that witable candidates
might be found to become Bane Mummies and thatthe
ritual might he rediscovered. Ifthe character were willing
to de, trusting thatthe ritual would be performed ace
rately and that het body would be preserved comely,
‘new Bane Mummy could be created. She would of neces:
sity be weaker than het bethren and would have to seek
them out and petition them to teach her their magics, as
she would have no knowledge of such nor any other way
‘of acquiring it. Assuming that they saw the advantage in
having another servant of Set, they might teach er some
minor workings. Of course, whatever Bane posesed het
smight have afew goals of ts own.

‘Aside from her fomori powers, the Bane Mummy would
presumably have the advantage of knowing that when
Killed, she'd eventually return to life. OF cour, f chat
happened ssty years from now, that would kind of limit
her participation in current events: And who knows what
they be weasng ip 21352

yy,




Action Bill Tattoos!

You've seen Acson Bill on TV! You've read Action Bal
Comic! You's played with Acton Bill Danger Squad Fig
sees! Now, oo he Squad with Action Bil Tatoo!

Sommer sired during Omni TV's Saturday moe
ing Cartoon Carnival

‘Victims targeted: Children ignored by yuppie parents,
sarchouedin daycare childbars and addledby 4 Thou,
of violent kidvid per day

Public Facade: A hares plaything for high-spirited
wid!

"The Real Story: These tattoos are part of the same
arcemge to destabilize human society while blaming the
Garou that spawned the whole Action Bill mythos. A
rough, tough werewol-killng her, Action Bill sthestar
of endles turgid TV and movie adventures. Pentex's
OmniTV network shows this program, as well asthe
opulat ds program "Beane,
lone (stually a Wyrm coerupe

These are chibeen's temporary tattoo that ae

sores ana department stores. They ae unl
with other Action BAl™ products, and designs
Bl hiewelf, his helpers ‘Atom Sergeant™ and

‘Wolf Kommandart™, deadly and awful minions of
WOLE. They ae applied to typical tattoo places such as
the shoulder by licking and rubbing the paper

However each tattoo contains a fragment of « Bane
‘When the tatoos ae applied to a single human body
(ually some screeching reven- year-old), they wort come
8 When enough tatoos ate applied (usally theee five),
the Bane fragments can reasemble. The Bane bein
corrupt the child asthe other Action Bil toys do, utping
cre aod antiocial behave The designs grow and change,
seaying hidlen as long as possible. By the time they are
‘rnb, hey ae generally posible to remove. The human
‘thom they contra becomes child fro, wth variety of
Sige Powers. Some suggestions are: Nightmare Cony
‘mand, Shadowplay and Wall Walkin. Taints could includ
the Derangement Temperamental, Special Det (picky at
es) and Sever Allee (such st 0p or broccoli):

Fomor Child fomor ten to stay out of ight uti the
Bane that made them iim compete control, then we
theie monstrous powers and the tt of people around
them todoheinous evi. For example afomnor child would
aranoy its parents into abusing it then when abandoned to
sn orphanage, coer al the other children and berate
them by making the aff int kielbasa. Many Garou who
rescue "abused children ate i for nasty srpeses. Even
tually the child will bepin to manifest freakish physical
powers such as horns and sales, and wll withdraw from


enh'

eA fh
Conceptual Services, Lt2.

‘Victions Targeted: Those infertile couples who desper-
ately want children are the primary targets of Conceptual
Service, Led although people seeking pregnancy coun
seling and artificial insemination are secondary target
Conceptual Services offers guaranteed pregnancies ot
your money back. Clents accepted by the clini ate chose
who refuse t0 consider adoption as an alternative to
having thei own chile.

Public Facade: Conceptual Services i quite adamant
about billing itself as a ferry clinic engaged in helping
{infertile couples produce children. Soch clinics have be-
come commonplace, almost invisible to the pubic eye.
(Occasionally, they ate tagged with their practice of atifi-
cal insemination and are sometimes miveakenly imped
in with abortion clnis, but such "bad pres" ts quickly
‘overturned by soothing family value-oriented news re
leasesemphasisingtheirmain function: Mos people ignore
the company altogether. Those who know ofthe clinic
because they desperately wane children consider it @
sodhend.

‘The Real Story: In actuality, regandless of whether the
clients ae seeking artificial insemination (supposedly
froma bank of dstingushed sperm donoe) ot treatments
to increase thee fertility, they both receive the same
thing: Bane, Instead of normal fosen sperm, women,
Secking artificial insemination are treated with sperm
laced with spermsized Banes known as Banelings. The
sperm seeds the egg and bepins to grow. Those seeking
ferility reatments get actual drugs designed to increase
thee ferity, but they are also treated with hundeeds of
Banting infested sperm as well. The chances ate approx
mately 75% that the women will hecome peegant with
‘the fest treatment, ana there isa 55% chance tha those

resulting ina normal child. Because oftheir clones t0
Banes during their conception, however, these otherwise
‘normal people ae often more susceptible to Bane poses
son later in life. Pentex keeps files on these individuals

and tacks them wherever they go in ase they ae needed
Someday for further experimentation. Ifthe Bane-por-
sessed sperm reaches the egg rather than the normal
sperm, the result is a Bane baby.

Bearing afomoe child isn't easy. The mother i plagued
allehrough her peegnancy by horrible dreams and feelings
‘that something isn't ight with her baby (oe babies). She
can feel malevolence pouring out of the thing in her
‘womb hating er, waiting kill he, and wanting to hurt
her

the mother insists that something is wrong, the more that
people perceive her as being insane. Should she try 10
harm the child, the baby causes such internal agony toher
that she rendered uncorscious. The same happens ifshe

attempts suicide. The Baneling incubates within the
‘mother, merging with the ep and becoming aful edged
fomorby the tine the child istorn. When t istime forthe

bith ifthe mother has ried to kill he baby, the fomor
child emerges in such a way that i ills or cripples the
‘mother.

Al Bane Children are lovely or handsome. Even at
babies, they have a compelling beauty which dares
everyone around them. Ifthe mother has survived the
birth she probably doubts her own sanity since the Bane
‘Child does nothing publicly that might give ic away.

‘Trapped within a helpless body fois it few years of
Iie the Fomor bies its time, but eventually the child wil
[begin to show signs of che bad sed tha created it, Such
fomori are ervel and uncaring, bu often quite clever at

rnnocentand weet
fomor, rarely

‘Bane Chien torture their pets, poion thei grand
smothers. beat upother children anstealtheit possessions,
sd create mayhem wherever they go Because they never
do anything in front of witnesses or in wich a way that
anythingcan be proved against them they can iterllyget
fsway with murder And Wfone Bane Child sounds scary,
magne mama trying to deal with qusntuples

Fomori: The most common type of fomori created
through this program are the Bune Children, Poses
while in the wor, literally half Bane themselves, these
fomor have the potential to become unimaginay pow
‘ful if they survive long enough. Though they may have
Bane power, these do not take atoll on their bois or
sive cutwand sigs physically unel the child reaches
puberty. At that time, treatments availabe from Project
Had can forestall the appearance of unwanted phypical

fy, the young adult seems physically
‘normal. leteally, the fomor i ravaged, but the damage
‘sheldincheck through the treatments andthe toughness
ofthe hal Bane physique

‘Solongastreatments continue the fomatean continve
asi noching were wrong with him indefinitely — ot at
least unite would otherwise de from old age. Ofcoune,
this does tend to pu the fomor into Pentens debt quite
heavily and he is unlikely to go against whatever the
company wants.

Banelingscan car justabout any Bane powers andthe
children created through them may evince diferent po
cs. One power which they all bestow is Immunity t0
Delirium,


"4
ty

ee A

Dr. Deridian's
Workout Program

In jus seven days
ean make you a man

— Frank N. Furter, "I Can Make You a Man" (Rocky
Horror)

‘Victims Targeted Insecure guys who want to become
"eal men." His treatments work on women, too, but not
aswell

Public Facade: Dr. Veridian isa hero: he's discovered
away to increase yout muscle mass by 25% in just 30 days,
without steroids or personal trainers! If you've gor the
dedication, Dr, Veridian will make you a god! At least,
that's what the advertising claims. Comic books,
soundrnes, tabloids, mediayhype rags and muscle mags
‘extol the virtues of Dr. Veridian's miracle workout plan.
(Cyniesdismissthe ads ofcourse, butinthiscas the cynics
are wrong.

The Real Story: The plan works, of course — i's
Bane-enhanced power-taining program featuring
"megavitamin supplements" whichactuallyconeain Wyre
Infected growth hormones, Though not technically
steroids the effectsthesepillshave at, in the long run ft

‘The inital effects are amazing: afte 30 days of del-
cated exercise (which stimulates the Banes aswell as the
body, the sucker — uh, cutomer— experiences extreme
‘musculat growth and increased pheromone production,
ebecomesnot only bigger, but nore attractive. Toavoid
legal complications, the pill themselves are no physically
inkictive in any way. The combination of exercise, con:
fidence and vanity, however, encourages prychalgcal
addiction. As che subject grows bigger and cocker, the
Bane influence feeds i vdencies. He becomes
aggressive, table and perpetually horny. Many custom:
5 stop there, satisfied, a bit short of actual possession.
The initial rush isso invigorating, however, that some

to the "advanced program" — Bane habia

edi "advanced training" receives
larger and more powerful doses ofthe Bane-hormones
(Over the next six months, he undergoes severe mood
swings and inner batles asthe Bane drowns whatever
decency he might once have had: Increased naresie,
violent tendencies and constant sexual arousal become
his new fiends, The hos' "magnetic" new personality
rnd bedroom prowess compensate for al the friends he
loves as he descends into asshole country. Thie stage
corrupts not only the host, but those he comes in contact
with — the people he hurts grow angry, bitter, jealous
‘engefl oftheir own accoed with no Banes necesary.

Freak Legion

Within a year (which, bythe way, is just about the
length of tine Dr. Veridian has been so popular), an
"advanced" trainee undergoesa nasty tansformation into
{a Throwback fomor (see Chapter Three). So a, very few
"ine upstanding young men" have devolved o ths state,
sothe workout program seems perfectly harmless Ince,

the authorities will catch on to the connection. Until
then, De. Veridian (a non-mutated stents with a pen-
chant for pumping iron) continues to rake in the bucks
anderank outa growing amy of muscle-boundfuckheads

Fomorit Theowbacks: women sometimes become
Enxicersthrough the advanced program, but Dr Veridian's
chemistry does really mesh well with female chromo-

The Fellowship

‘Victims Targeted: Children of any age

homes ae prevalent, t
success rate for placement of the children that come
through these centers. Thee childeen vary in age fom
{afants to teenagers, and come from every walk of life.
‘Whether thle parents passed away, were killed, of the
child ison the stret, The Fellowship opens thee arms 0
everyone. Working quickly and efficient, The Fellow
‘hip places children in the bese posible home foreach

‘The original buildings located in downtown New York
ry. lewas founded in 1964 by a join effort of Chester
Van Gelding and SimTech. Since then, The Fellowship
has opened branches in many major ets, including San
Francisco, Chicago and Arlington, Vitgila

‘The Fellowship sun by a board of directors seated in
New York City. Each center is situated ina ange house,
with an atea forthe children to run and be active (an
{integral part of Fellowship philosophy), and houses any:
where from 50 t0 109 chikeen. They have a lage staf
Ancluding atleast ehrce doctors per communiy, several
nurses, teachers with very ine qualifications, ten socal
wotkers a goundskeeper and many counselors asist
the children in any prablems they may have i a
to thee new eavironaten. The commutes epaly
teceive gifts rom their benefactors. They run their own
inclusive achool co allow the children an opportunity to
‘establish feeling of community within themselves. This
allows the child to, more often than no, mainstream into
public schools with hele co few dificulis

‘The Real Story: The Fellowship sa Wyrm-run ore
nization. Originally initiated bythe Seventh Generation
(sce Rage Across New York), i has spread throughout
the nation as one of the leading methods of creating
‘young, new fomori. The Seventh Generation created this
‘nganiation to further the Defile Wyem's desires

ee


mE

on. I was orginally created by Chester Van Gelling
with abusinessrunby the Pentarchs the board of rectors
consists solely of other members ofthe Business Case
They insure thatthe centers never have any need for
‘money, and can pay top salaries for each profesional
Many of the chien are acquired through the Snatcher,
and many members of each graduation clas find them:
selves returning work forthe Foundation in that aspect.
The Government Caste maintains the security of the
centers. Iemakes sure chat each center pases the rigoeous
federal standards, while alto working 0 lower thone san
dards The Medical Cate ends "profesional" tcepanie
and run lkoratoies at each facility where ew dog ate

id tested onthe children Duc tothe animosity

between the other castes and the Warrior Caste, the
warrior do noching directly to help this pogram.

The Fellowship introduces children into thei system
through a variety of means, many state-assisted. These
include having each community maintain after home

principal's fice. The teacher quickly starts and mai
tains the facade of being the lost chil' bese friend,
all tis the teacher's job

ss the child in becoming a
worthwhile human being — and children need al the
help they can get. More often than not, corporal punish
ment, pls key negative pases ("Ate yo ny
don't you anvwer the question" "Are you being fresh?)
only facileae the creation of festering internal

and feling of inadequacy —ahole in which a Bane can
‘more easily invade the chil' boy

ws

‘The second step ofthe program isto introduce certain

\Wyem toxins into the children's food. These toxins take

the form of candy or spices created bythe Medical Caste,

this treatment s started the children usually find thee

selves having strange nightmares of hoerble monsters and

ceil vampices. A select few are chosen f0 receive the
ofa Prychomachia.

The inal step ofthe program ist place the child in.
"Well Chosen Home." These homes ae either abusive,
alcoholic, of contain fomori parents. The Fellowship
refers to place children in unacceptable homes rdled
swith alcoholism. The family watches over the child
bringing her into the cele of pain quite naturally. The
end result of this process & a child who is emocicnlly
weak, and has low self esteem. The Fellowship invites al
their children back for a graduation ceremony: theie
diploma —a Bane.

yom


A ft

Homogeniety
Incorporated

‘The world days simpler place. We've taken out all the
complications. All the square pep and the painful and che
‘range. Ino wopia, lacking clr reference for desancy,
alae happy with hot... Everybody exactly the same
Ineiesueet?
Neil Gaiman, "From Homogenous To Honey"
Victims Targeted: Homogeniety Incorponated is 2
subsiduay of Pentex. The organisation prey upon bom
val men and women who seek to "cute" themlves of
theie sexuality. Believing themselves sick, unatualo evi
‘a a relt of constant indoctination by a hetersexist
society, these unhappy gays and lesbians all oo realy
sign up for Homogeniety Inconporated's ten week, $2000
Nor all homosexuals fall prey to selhatrd. Well
adjusted homosexuals are targeted by Homogentety
Incorporates Realignment Division. Ths banch of the

18, in oner to futher an stmosphee in which poo gry
laws will be repealed, and gay-postive images will be
stamped out. The femet happy gays and lesbians who exist,
according othe Realignment Division's wisted strategy,
the mote unhappy homosexuals there will be for
‘Homogeniety Incorporated to recruit

Homogeniety Incorporated promises its potential mern-
bers that they canbe convert into happy, fully functional
Iheterosexuals Hypnotherapy, roup counseling sessions
and aversion therapy ate elements incloded in the
‘onganization''s "ure" By the time recruits have completed
the course, the majority are completely asexual. Many of
‘them ate no longet even human,

Public Facade: Homogeniery Incorporated advertises
In eligiousmagatinesand newoletters periodicals aon,
Tate-night cable television tations such as OmniTV. Is
brochutes ae often distributed to doctors, pychother

ss and other health-care profesional, cbainingtheit
‘mailing addresses fom other Penten-owned conservative

Fowler
endorses the company's "cure," claiming that « saved bien
from a loveless homosexual feof in and deboucery
‘The Real Story: Homosenuas aleady peey to low
willpowerand negative self-esteem provide Homogenity
Incorporated with easy ark foe Bane posession. During
the regular hypnotherapy sessions which are scattered
throughout the coune, individuals ate exposed to Pentex:
supplied Banes. While not everyone who signs on 0
Homnogeniety Incorporates homosexual cure course be

a

comes possessed, those who do not are permanently di-
tuted by the proces. Their sexuality is stunted, theit

‘months following the course, so ravaged are theit feelings
of self-worth. The lot of those people possessed i tle
beer

‘Once signs of Bane infestation ate apparent,

incorporated approaches its ex-lents, a>
‘empeingtomway them into working wth he organisation
ss volunteers and recruiters Doorto-door campaigns by
Hoenogeniety Incorporated are wally stafed by just such
volunteers Other foot may accompany the recruiters I
Garou, Kinfolk ot other "undesirables" are sniffed out
during dooeto-dooe campaigns, they are target for im
‘mediate attention by other Pentex subsites.

Jim Fowler, the president of Homogenity Incorpo:
‘ted, despite profesing that his homosexuality has been
cured, continues to live a secretive gay lifestyle, often
seducing the weaker-willed men who sign onto his

congratulated on pasing a nonexistent tet, while those
who give in to his perverse charms become even more
gull-wracked. and thusmoreopentoposesion Publicly,
Jun Fowler projets a wholetome facade, maintained in
farty is pbc mage-oracow wife, Fete pee

"Famers Rosesion by Homogenity Inara
Bane peceedslong well documented ines Afer initia
possession, the victim'ssex deve diminishes ropily. This
{4 often the cause of temporary joy, a8 the Bane-host's
unwanted homosexual desites begin to wane. Nohetero-
sexual urges upplant homoerotic ues, however intend,
the new fomoe lcs al desire for sexual activity [Is
during this gestation phase (which wualy lasts between
sx and eight months tha che fledgling fomor i sought
‘out by Homogeniety Incorporated, and sent out with
recruitment parties. Once the fomor's ability to snve
wennaturl beings has fully manifested (usally afer eight
‘months, although i some individuals taking as long a8 a
year), sunge of hormones ae released ato the fomor's
Nlodstream, triggering the final transformation and, as
side effect, making the fomoe apzressive and violent
The metamorphosis bepins with the fomnoe's genitals
arophying (withering up and dropping off inthe ease of|

‘organs in pulpy new flesh. When itheals, the fomor left
featureless ave foes gaping mouth.

Freak Legion

~_


A Lf

Asthefomor's genital trophy ts bones,

particularly
fn the spine, arms and legs, distort and grow. This ater
period of transformation is expecially painful. After a

theyare wedby Pentex and Homopeniety Incorporatedt9
‘hunt down and kill Garou and thee Kino.

egistered es
rlowide (Tale

Agency)

= Emerica, Lake & Palmer, KarnsEvil9
Victims Targeted: RAW seeks unsuspecting teerits
two fonts around the world. The agency promises £0
make them the next acting, singing oF modeling stars.

‘representatives can ell expert:
enced and unbridled ambition miles away.

(On the second and more selective front, RAW execu-
tives constantly hunt for that special victim — that
hopeless case — experienced i its self-destruction and
eopectally worthy of comuption. Stars rise and fallin
entertainment fick. Fads come and go atthe movies,
sweeping out whole crops of one-tine star in test wae
Voices fade out of tye in popular manic. Wrinkles cut
actos faces, hips gtow wide and breasts sag ending count
less modeling carers. All these forgotten iol share ne
thing — deep, twisting pain. They ache to regain the
success and public favor they once enjoyed.

Male o female, young ot old actor or model — RAW
puts the ravenous lost into the grip of Pentex. The
megacorporation's minions introduce thew tothe Wy.
The Wyrm introduces them to their new, short-lived role
In the organised, festering destnctin of Ca

Public Facade: Registered Artists Worldwide started as
a stall literary agency nestled away in the Hollywood
Hill. However, once bought out and gutted by Peotex,
BAW grein tl alent agency. Wh fics in
New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, London, Sy, Paris
and Tokyo, the RAW can scour most of the work's
‘misguided sedustral societies fo omen reeits.

Ironically, RAW enjoys a better reputation than any
other agency. All too often, any srt of major entertain:
‘ment agency weather a well deserved rage cf negative

a——,

(Chapter Four: Recruitment

public sentiment. leary agents suck the money and life
‘cutof mare talented people, throwing them uponascrect

Tncontra, RAW shisiory of granting young, unproved
talent a sho o calling older, forgotten stars hack to the
setlight cams ita warm respect throughout the industry.
‘Soeneclaim that RAW must ove fortune onsomany risky
‘nines ventures. Others even whisper that RAW hides
strange plans forts showbischents bt those woices never
seem to surface lang enough for anyone to heat.

‘The Real Story: While mos agencies simply suck 10%
‘ofaclient's Hood and money out of them, RAW rps away
100%, sacrificing ito the Wyrm. The Wyem enjoys
bal crop of young fomor thanks to RAW's seduction
of young, and models.

le the enterunment wold the bottom ofthe industry
food chain stocks it landers with energetic a hungry
younpters. Ranging in age fom 1430, these lost souls
‘everenjoyedany semblance oflove or attention fom helt
families. They developed thei talents or outwaedappeat-
ances to hide the gaping wounds underneath. Their pets
‘onsiered them pretentious outeats for thet artical
‘extroverted behavior. Thee ridicule only forced them fa
therout ntomeladeamatic aay. Sooften these ambitious

chide'

‘Any RAW offer to this "diamond in the rough" fel 0
‘20d tobe true: However t'sthe attention the oul wanted
allies ie Italo becomes an exape fom a wold steeped in
<eadly drugs and seal abuse. They gra the bras ing —
‘ot knowing it's the doorknob to hella a foeoe.

RAW offer many osccet'sakundoned lamothounds
andone-hit wonder another fe. They might belive that
they found thei ticket back to thie beloved public eye.
They lear to0 late how easily tele addiction to fame
leads them to a doomed existence. It takes a strong (if
flawed) sprit and above average intelligence to achieve
and retain succes for any tine. These one-time stasmake
‘omerful and effective Wyrm agent. In some cases, the
‘resulting fomori can stand asa worthy one-on-one chal-
lenger toa batle-tested Garou.

‘Whether a tattered showbiz veteran or nave novice,
both types of fomori prospects share an amacing trait,
"These actors and models already exist in suc a state of|
delusion and fantasy that they do not recognize theit
transformation into fomoet until i's almone complete.
‘While thee features twist into besial death masks, even
8 their males and limbs rot away into bloody, pus:
‘dled weapons, chey se themselves at beautiful and

85

yy,


ae A

powerfl. Either for the fist time othe last time, some-
body wants them. If that ties body and soul to the
descrction of Mother Earth, bei.

Fomori Like seasoned PR agent, the Wyrm seems
ableo spin the past corruption of these Lonely spits
specific Fomor agents. Depending on the recruits former
‘ccupation, the Pentex forces will conirm that its fornort
powers are well endowed

Forexample, RAW agent seduced and transformed
fallen movie director. Once flavor ofthe month and talk
ofthe town, this former video ental clerk turned megs
celebity grew fat on success sucked fom the soured ti of
clviliatio's underbelly. He made the decompontion of
|human society entertaining. The violent pulp of his bent
fiction reveled in Gaia's pusing. When someone more
disgusting came down Hollywooss garbage chute, every
‘one forgot him — except RAW. The Wyrm made that
fomor into a leader, rained to deal death ¢9 Garou and
well armed with immensely potent Eyes of Wyrm. He
posseses the director's viewfinder to oblivion,

In keeping with this specific mutation, a posesed
dancer could sprout multiple, spiked tentacles foe is

wrenching voice, sucking the dubious wil out of Boch
hapless human and weakened Garou.

Finally, a model makes the most tragic fomor of all. His
Angelic looks ten inside out, andisonce pink and perfect

flesh burs with Fungus and Poison Tumors In very rate
‘ccurtences, a model tumed fomor becomes a unique
Wm get Able oranda t wile perde
time and hide her fomoe hideousness under her former
[hypnotic beauty, she can move among Gaia's children and
‘hook fresh meat vitally undetected. this fomoe finds a
resistant subject otf by chance a Garou does uncover hee
malevolence she can revert t het fornoe shape and Seal
the Wyrm's special brand of entertainment.

Byhookorby crook RAW remains nef Pentex'sandthe
‘Wyrm most effective recruitment tols. Using the base
‘human weaknesses of ambition, greed and action, RAW
tempes wth promises of never-ending fae, material coos
ans ema love. Desperate forthe attention an recgnstion
‘they wil never know (and, sly, may not deserve), RAW
fomoei become the Wyrm' most willing agents.

Realm of Deceit
( Osta ser(Dungeon)

Viet Targeted: Computer fanatics

Public Facade It's an ooline game, one of the thow-
sands in existence. Realm of Decee is an AbeeMUD; 2
multi-user textual game in which you, the player, quest
Kill the evil creatures ofthe night, and solve the many
‘oaline pu

‘You begin the game as novice warrot, and hopefully
‘quickly learn the ways to gan the powerfl artifacts and
solve the dificule quests. Find the Greatsword so that you

smay kill the wetewol! Where isthe stake hide to Kill
the vampire in the catacombs? Quest forthe mysterious
Lady ofthe Lake! You wil soon lean the steps to solve
‘ach dificult pusle and gain posenion of greater and
‘greater weapons. With each sclution, you alo gain pois
toadvancetothe next level, until ultimately youreach the
Ihighest player tice: Wiad

The Real Story: Realm of Deceit is an AberMUD
‘based on the mass appeal online games have over people.
Itisrunoffabranch computer of ICS, and while the playet
shaving fun billing whatever new creature is thrown is
vray, ICS is gauging the potential of the client, and
ascertaining other important information such as the
player's home and e-mail aes.

Realm of Deceit was created six years ago in response to
the increased availabilty to the Net. Ie was setup by
Katsu Takahashi, Glas Walker Theurge, through het
office computer. Iwas yt another one ofthe hurdedot
MUD that people could log onto and mindlesly pay
1CShad been watching the company, and with the iit.

seas already wed to and the new quests allowed a corrupt
spire to enter and fuse with her soul. A few short months
later she disappeared from her sep, and set Realm of
Deceit upon ICS, whee it currently resides
Allefthe ques have some elation toe tfor
omer. One ofthe more popular quests is searching
dhe Orcatmword and wing It kil the werewol hat
terrorting the small town. Another quest requies the
player to kill a vampire. The player must slowly lear
through experience which steps to take, in what onde, 0
tothe game. Each

beatelef from ste, and only mindless viclence an fun,
ICS slowly begins to weaken the player's resolve until he
becomes 10 i the game, reality and the MUD
are separable

‘After determining the player' level of commitment,
ICS make the levels mote dificult to solve. The playet
ses in che ranks, killing all the supernatural creatures,
‘and becoming numb to acts of violence. The final tet
<onmes andthe final quest is dscovered: the player must
kal five other players. While many find this fun and even
fanny, others stop at this point. Those who do kil five
‘other players ise tothe ttl of Wizard, and are granted
aicnal powers, suchas power over the lewer ranked

86 Freak Legion

yom

ayy,


A fh

(One ofthe greatest Wiznd benefits isthe Runesword,
alioknown asthe Wiard'sswoed. Thisswondcan be given
to other players, but once given, the sword forces the
wilder to kill everyone around him save the Wizard
"Many players find ow abou this tol, and will actualy ak
forus of twhen they find they mast fie other players
‘Ay tine after reaching Wiad, Deceit and Coeruption
anes find thei new hosts, creating new fomori — many
with wonderful computer sills

Fomori: Many of the people become either willing
fpesonnel for Pentex, or the actual Arch. Wizards fo the
MUD. Other, more violent players, become Gorehounds.
Players find either an Coralath or a Bane of Aboera ot
Ani inhabiting thet oul.

Smoker's Bane

Victims Targeted: This program ostensibly benefice
those who lackthe willpower or discipline tostop smoking
cn their own. Theselhelp group, run by Peter's Project,
Mad, screens all applicanes They take only thove who
nce certain criteria: they must be single and peederably
hhave no living clove relations, they must have tied (and
failed) to stop smoking before, and they must be willing to
appeat in advertisements forthe program should they
succesfully complete it. Plans are underway to begin 2
new program for marted couples, and a teen-only peo:
fram sin the works. There has aio recently been some
talk of starting up preschool and elementaey schoo! pee
ventive programs and of offering the program to select
companies for their employee' we
Public Faades Though fail expensive, Snake's Bane
isthe most popular new treatment program for habiral
smokers. Designed to asist chose who have failed with
‘nicotine patches, hypeotherpy ot avension therapy, the
program emphasizes group support and participation in
Activities in which smoking # banned. Members atend
movies, dine out together in nor-smokng sections of res
taurantsand choone one ot more healthy group exercises —
sowing, arabes, and dancing, or example Rather than
tolating the group, the Snake's Bane program integrates
themintoongoing activities attendedby the general public
Instead of holding thee own aerobics clas, for example,
members join such clases at gyn and fitnem centers neat
their homes and at times when thie schedules permit.

‘The public sees Smokers Bane asa mieacle cure. They
understand that the program emphasizes fun activites,
doesn't depend on drugs or pscudo-psycholopcal eins

(Chapter Four: Recruitment

fe a A

{intended to make the sncker fel like a spineless act,
szndsuillhasaphenomenalscces record. Inthe ageof the
[2step program, i alo seems quite fashionable. Best of
all. the whole ching sem painless and more like asingles
lob than therapy.

‘The Real Story: Smoker's Bane actually does what it
claims to-do — those who complete the program never
smoke again. Of course, they don't need to. At thei fist

‘members drink a toast to their commit-

change thei lng tissues, making ther more resistant (9
tar, smoke and airborne toxins of all sorts. This causes
other tases to become les resistant to such things
however, leading toa higher incklence of skin, prostate,
‘ovarian and colon cancers. Adtionally the Lunghusset
secretes particularly potent chemical mixture which
changes to gas andi expelled from the host's mouth and
‘nose with each breath. The chemical mixture contains
carcinogens as well asa gaseous form of nicotine that
‘auscs a craving for more of i those who breathe in
= unless, of coune, their lungs are protected by a
Lunghuaser

These unwitting fomor,knownas Sicklungs (se Chap
tet Two), feel no urge to smoke (they receive massive
doves of nicotine in their weekly grape juice), but uncon:
sciously spread thet former addition and deadly gases
everywhere they go. And since they look and at jst ike
everyone ebe, they go to lots of places other fomort

Bane program, which generates mote money for the com
ppany and bepins the cycle anew. The original hosts
Invariably die within five year fom some other type of
cancer, but none ever die fom lung disease.

Fomoris Currently, only one type of fomor is created
‘through this program: Sicklungs. As they ae unwitting
dupes, Sicklungs ate very weak fomor a usally have
few Powers. Some ofthe more aggressive ones have heen
ecruted further into Project Tad and given other pomers
{osee how far they can go before becoming obvious forott
and thus limiting their usefulness as infiraors Expt
‘ments ae underway to beef up Sicklungs and give them
the power to consciously breathe out lethal smoke asd
deadly amounts of nicotine during combat situations
(Coparete, anyone?



AA, qui whining, youn age! You think you're mise.

3 fuckin' ergbaby? Tp

wou tke bllabes So mck

Yu got no choice now.
Fomor socety noe kind

heart. Now imagine thar something le crawled
hole and grew, something so vile that i warped
aservant of corruption. Irs always there now, eating
Fucking sul away, pasing you an excuse for power at che
expense of your humanity

‘Notacheerfl hough, ise? Nocexactlyan experience
esigned to promote good will and cheer

their own kind. The society ofthe tainted is viciously

Wyrm incamate, a regimented chaos stratified by three
sets of factors Pentex membership (ot lack thereof)
chose tainted one created by Pentex fo

cabhan"

hola

the ton vsedl about by Pentex std
Io

among the
through wit, eength o ais. Any st
ing — foro are damned to a shoe,
happens after i ends is anyone's gues

painfl life. What

Chapter Five: Low Society 89

PAA TE ST TR IT


Wd fh
Are We Not Men?

‘The tainted folk have an identity complex: they were
‘normal, once, but that humanity has ben stripped — or
sven — away by an outside force tha eas them alive
Even those who know nothing about Banes ot the Wyrm
«an feel the difference on some pimal level. This dsinte
sation is somewhat wore than insanity: tsa condition
ofthe body, soul and mind. Nataly, fomor ate ot the
most well adjusted of people.

Some cope with thet loss by distancing themselves
from the humanity, living and acting like the monsters
they appear tobe. Others take the opposite approach: they
enter profound tate of denial where absolutely nothing
‘is wrong ~ they'te jut as normal as anyone else. Theit
flesh may be coming away in handfuls, thei eyes may
‘Heed, their secretions may melt the pavement as they
walk, but is noe like there's anything wrong. it's jus a
teallybad cold. Theis friends at Pentex wil find the cue,
and everything will be fine

Fomori and "Normal" Folks

Although most Pentex companies mix humans and
fomoe\ together in thei Furst Teams, both sides favor tele
‘own kind over the "mutants or "toftiex" Mont untainted
Thumans fear their comrades onan intinctal level that
harlem todo with fomort sbod habitsand hygiene (though
those things factor in) than wich a peal dread of the
freakish, Most fomori secretly telieve themselves inferior
totheir"normal allies but compensate with chet impees-
tiveabilities anda felingof wuperiority. Thus neither side
really understands — of even mes to undentand — che
ther.

This isn't to say that all uch relationship ae strains:
most Fist Teams acquire a batefeld camaraderie — ot
«de — regardles of how normal" theit members might.
Less active groups still interact, and occasionally even
make fiends across Ba

{ven the kinks ome Pentex employees pose, anything
‘s posible

In general, however, fom and untainted humans
ep their distance rom eachother Such woationssoly

done more facet of the Wyem — ie breeds prejudice,
Tenens, and the age tha goes with oth.
"Normalcy Status"

Desperate for normaley, some fomori gauge eit worth
bby how well they can pass for human — oe for better than

Enricers are notorious for this conceit, but other
normal seming fomoe play the game aswell These folks
‘often establish pecking order around how human — ot

inhuman — a given fomor appears. The more "normal"
sheloks, che more respected shes. In certain companies,
the realy focked-up feaks ate ostracized completely —
afterall. theyre grou disfigured blobs, not like eal people

(omen
from limb), butsill accep that judgment because they fel
freakish, and accept more attractive foros as thei leaders
despite themselves. For many mutants, the power they
‘may wield cannot compensate forthe humanity they have
Toot

"Power Status"

‘The opposite of normalcy, power status measures a
foeor's raw pysical might — his "I-can-kick-your-ass
factor" This form of esteem, expecially common in Fist
‘Team assault groups, comes from bizarre Powers like
Webbing, Hide of the Wyrm, Hazardous Breath, Mega:
‘Srength — anything that makes a fomoe "more human
‘than human." The badder the fom, the more expect he
such fame ishor-lived the Taines chat
ome with outrageous Power soon tur the fomoe into a
pile of sentient protoplasm
Regardless of what given fomoe reapects, each one
cares arrow apd anger few humans eve fel Pentex

ment keeps

it aggressions, and speeds thet corruption,
‘The off-kilter poyches of most fomor allow Pentex to fed

them abou

Pentex

Tasman ib he et em oi

— Adolf Facher

Howe many freedoms do we need to be free?

= USA Today headline

Inits own warped way, Pentex and is various divisions
provide a home, family and purpose for fomoe. Thus,
those tainted folk who work forthe corporation dtectly

and expect i to wotk

the lowes-bed fomori recive a stipend, living quarters,
andall the comic books, video games, movies and MTV
they can stand. Pentex takes eae of ts own.

Recruitment
Corruption' toch comes fom many sources: sme ae

penn, but many come from the ful labs of Pentex
subsidiaries. Many' of dhe company's recruits begin 38

90 Freak Legion

a—~,,

yy,


a tf de

‘curses — innocent veteran cfPentex

employes
and people whose personal evilsce rotten lock have led 29
theie posession.

‘Some subjects begin anormal employees Pentex lead-

Although many possessed goods fll short of theie full
effect (the work wouldotherwise be full offomoe)).nough,
Banes take command oftheir hosts to ensure a seal but
‘constant trickle of new recruits. Many such Bares caery
tracers which spiritually attuned employees can follow
when afomor comes"owlne." These trackers lead Pentex
fetrieval teams (xe below) to capture the new foot take
ther home and indoctrinate het ino ber new lifestyle

‘Once converted, a Pentex fomoe receives a lot of
attention for some folks, the sxkden concern and sympa
thy (even if ts faked) all she needs to remain loyal to
hher new frends." As you can imagine, Bane-conversion
is pretty goxklamned traumatic; a man or woman teva
{zed this way wll often latch onto the fist support that
‘comes their way From there, recruiters eed the novice a
steady diet of propaganda, promising a cure while ind
‘ng the new fomor's datkest lusts. Through rewards,
fellowship and punishments, a bond to Pentex forms.
Goodies

‘A good many "recruits" come fom the underclases —
oor homes, srugsting communities, mental hospitals
and the streets themselves. For them, Pentex provides a
mote comfortable living than ail or charity; the majority
of them are already used to being treated differently. Wich
Pentex, they get square meals (even if those meals are
tainted), comparatively hariows apartments or barracks
(even if those quarters are bugged), and enough mind-
‘numbing entertainment ro keep them happy (even if aid
diversions are propaganda — afterall, don't most forms of
commercial entertainment contain an agenda). For most
Pentex fomor, it's a vast improvement, 90 they don't
question the rangement.

‘Special treats include promotions (sce "Rank," below),
financial incentives, and special peivileges — lke sports,
‘tings, o the joyous opportunity to blow things to hell.
Pentex' vilest rewards — "shopping sprees" and "visting
hhours" — release grateful fomori on unwilling guests
brought to the quarters to entertain the troops. Such
ect Yeu can kage ely ve the eh

Punishments
Occasional disidens arse; these guy are deal with

ies" — usualy pit the offende(s) agains is teammates
in fights, hanes, or gauntles. Such punishments are wsu-
ally painful, even crippling, bt not fatal. Pentex doesn't
‘want to waste chit precious cannon for — ye

he offender has' eared his leston, ot has commit
ted some crime that a mere beating can't recy, he may
‘besent to Section C— the experimental labs. Here ad
technicians introduce new Banes into the fome's sytem
‘and record what happens. These agonising weatments
‘ccasionally result ina chastened — and posibly more
‘poeful — fomor. More often than not, however, a ip
to Section C leads toa long ans horible death

Dead fomot ate often ground into mulch and wid to
roiton the land. Some bases operate on tight incomes, ot
have their fans dvertdby greedy directors. These groups
‘ue dead fomort as fou in their cafeterias. Some even sell
the sult Pentex-controlled fastfood chain; ever won
der wha "meat by-products" were?

Rank

Rank is the most obvious sig of Pentex' favor: those
"whodogreatthingsforthe megacorp are rewatded nccond-
ingly. By giving  fomor a badge, a title and a pay raise,
Lurret management insptes hum to greater deeds grate
loyalty and greater vanity. Any fomor's succes i short-
lived, after all but why let the poor schmuck know that?
Let him chink he's gota chance to advance, wind him up
and watch him go. As far as Pentex supetions ate con:
ccemed, anything that motivates an employee to work
‘harder is worth the aggravation of giving some lunkhead
arank,

Advancement Methods

Anyone in Pentex can hol a rank fomor, because of
their wolation, are more motivated toadvance than many
of the corporation's harman staf. The usual tactics —
beibery, seduction, well-placed fiends, ete. —work beter
fee "softies" than they do for mutants, s0 the direct ap
‘proach is ofen the most effective

Officially, advancement within Pentex i based on.
kal, cunning and corruption. A fomor strong, clever ot
seupid enough to kill los of foes — expecially Garou —
‘aes a promotion in Pentex' eyes In addition to the
‘incentive sch rank offers, the company bets that some of
the ninted one's expertise wil ub off on her underlings
Canning reflects a ermployee's ability to outthink of out-
‘maneuver he foes and vals — both within and without
the company. A fomor smart enough to meak a knife into

(Chapter Five: Low Society a


A tft

someone's ack is considered an asset tothe Wymn-<orp:
tte will abo give her enough wstbility to be watched
‘more closely than the rank-and ile, Corrption measures
an employee's ability to fock up the word around ber,
cither through subtle influence or overt slash-and-burn
tactics. Pentex is ofcourse, always willing to put destruc-
‘uveinividuls wherever thei talents wllke most weal
Promoties apply foanyone wthinthe company fomcet
just stand to gain more through them than a normal
Ihuman would. As 3 few fomoei have lives outside the
corporation, status within Pentex i the most rewarding
thing many ofthem could think of. The board of dincctors
[knows this, and emphases the importance of promotions
toalleompany execs. Most supervisors in turn, get where
they ae through fomoe's good graces, and this leads tothe
"unofcial" method of promotion — backing a winner
Pentex polities make Wall Street lok like kinderge-
ten. Within the Wyrm-corp, anyone with a shred of
motivation (ot self preservation, for that matter) wants
some kindof satus. The nail which stands outa they sy,

company's fomot. The intimidation factor of aright
‘aman ho visa veh pue "poet inch
a whole new dimension,

‘Wise fomori work asodysuntds assassins strong-arm,
‘ples, couriers and sakoteuts for Penter's executives ad
scientists. Those among the military wing are capable
‘enough to command themuclves, though such officers
‘ually surround themselves with a sal army of loyal (i
slow-witted) "leutenan." By working for an ambitious
boss, a fomor who just wants the goodies without the
hassles can make a good living by performing the oa
sional unpleasant task and staying in reserve in case of
trou

By making seme cnet mst mer hope ©
sin acces tothe Holy Grail oftheir existence —
tat leat neutralization, fr the dueate which devour
them. No such thing exists but the tainted ones don't
know that. By dangling around the possiblity of power
without cont, the board of directors Keeps Pentex and its
fomort motivated and alert

Pentex. Ranks

Divisions

Rank isa chancy thing in Pentex: icrarely roses over
‘between the corporation's three divisions — the militay

saying, "bat I decide where you go and when — and f—
you get fed

Each branch has its own rank and power structure;
‘curser are given some concessions if they hold satus,
‘bot an arroganc bastard will find brtets he never knew
existed jumping up in front of him anytime he deals with
elated eee emma

‘many will be more permanent. A pushy exec may
pearl the mille the ight (outs killed by Cau
infiltrates), Sergeant Shithead may find himself without
those mach' needed reinforcements, and 3 scientist who
pases of shodly equipment or doctored progress reports
may end up locked in areject oom with the mutants she
helped create

Most divisions upper ranks are made up of normal
Ihumans, supernacurals (vampires, magi, and rogue
shapeshiten), o Wyem-gied ladlerclimbers. Fomor

Twalpleny oroom tose aife—h
wr hetween your shoulder Hades. The shot pun of most
force ives fers ite time for mul-dviion advance:
tment; some rates and ddlcatd fs have managed
toch accompoment anyeay — there ater al ery
Ise a ely ewsted fomor can do ote Peter' wal,
anyway, 30 why not go for The obvious lmiations
reve stop a fomor ato enough
Wyrm-Faith

‘Another, le vou frm fae involves service to
the Wyrm isl many oft incarnations. While many

ttho recognize the primal nature of thet powers often
embrace theit creator with ateligious eal hoping to earn
Semended favor when the Wyrm finally wi

"Most Wyrm worshippers hang around with the Black

play some mark of the Wyrm' favor (sce the Mit:
‘Stigmata ofthe W ym, in Chapeet One) ae seen as divine
linksto their go, andare treated accosdingly. Though few

Freak Legion

yy,



A Lf

this is generally considered unwise: afomor need nor be
Einstein to make the connection between her own cond
tion and the abominations she helps restrain.

Discipline within the corps is hank, 28s the training

cannon faddeeachone believes thathisor her unit the
best to handle a given situation. Through subele brain

plans (which few Fist Teamers live to deaw fot lor)
Pentex's often human officers eep the troops in line
Mitros, obviously, are damned rare in Fist Tear quae

Ceam Sizes

‘+ Basic Team: five members. Commanded by 2
sergeant

‘Platoon: 20soldier (four teams). Commanded
bya lieutenant

‘Company: $0 (our platoons). Commanded by
eapean|

+ Battalions 160 (two companies + an HQ pla

toon). Commanded bya colonel

Life in a First Team

Miliary life depends on the Fst Team's station and
purpose: an assault ream in the Amazon wll by neces,
fun under serie discipline, constant taining and bait
trigger readines. An inner-city retrieval Team, however,
might live in a xurious barracks doing nothing more
stresful than occasional searchrand-secutes and guned
duty. ‘Dam, those espasers taste good")

Generally, Fist Team members (human and fomoe
alike) awaken at a predetermined time; eat beakfast:
tend propaganda sessions: exercise: train with their
‘weapons, abilities and tactics eat lunch: attend chores or
tis; tain some mote; eat dinner, curl up with sme
eopaganda oe mind warping entertainment; go to bed,
fd do the whole thing over again the next day. The
toutine varies by post, duy and commander, but says as
constant as any military regimen.

Assault Teams

‘Chosen for their capacity to infic damage, Pentex
assault teams fling ultaviolence at whatever target theit
commander suggest. Few softies" are tough encorh — oF
psychotic enough — to serve in such teams. The mast
‘twisted fomnori often end up here, taking out their agares-
sons with firepower and corruption.

Freak Legion

amma

Discipline in sach groups tends tobe severe: a fickup
can cast objectives and lives. The rewards are prety
generous, 0, to compensate forthe risks. Assault teams
fetthe best weaponry and the greatest leeway when called
‘Gatto attack. Their moctality rates are high, but team
‘male usualy stays high as well. These foroti consider
themselves the badest ofthe bad, and often act accord
ing.

ties and project Eve bt the el eevee set to
tndagenc whee cer pow nd farcry canbe pt
coped
Ranger Teams

Selected formar over carage ranger tea members
scout pclematc acs fot conn peace, hast rogue
Keno vena new compan for akever posta
tir work a boyeuardnd paying Pentex poet
‘Team member tun theme nipecllaed warfare,
tail and ching tefomaton-pterng nd inter:
foton, Lep high merle, and Sow the best ovr
enc fey Ft Team pe

‘Although omer dominate ranger team, ch groups
are ore "hemanftendy" thn the demented tat
team Mutans wt range teams cen rpoy wet
pores than sci vomit oe amore din, Mot tae
Cavve sie oma rms tod eeponebeevy-hepewet
‘Seater esbechap if eccenry. As Pont Teane pxteges
tendohave ance tine than met coma metlnyi
(Git low acpine wove fring. and camaraderie
monet Exeetves pect desing withthe eel
ended scouts to wrangling with support ot asiaule
pemoneal

Support Teams

‘These teams soften of mop up contested areas, either
through sabocage, demolition, inflation ot asassina
‘don, and provide cover, communication, suplies and
informatica fr toops in the feld if need be. In warzones
like the Amazon, support teams work at courier, techn
cians and specialists In mote peaceful operations: they sp
‘on. sedceand undermine taretsinside and outside Pentex
Soppoct team duty covers lot of ground: some mem
bers specie in inflation and subterfuge while others
‘excel at covert destraction. The lowest suppor staff ranks
clean up ater thei comrades fights, maintaining Pentex
security while finding good spots to dump the bodies.
Fomot (and "tofties") who piss their boses of to often
‘may find themselves on scrub detail
Most support teamersoperateon their own ce withlittle
Morale (and survival) within these Teams
varies by assignment: custodians obviously resent thelt


am
Md 4

4

miserable satus and make theie anger other peoples!
problem whenever posuble. Infiltration teams conser
‘hemelves the mot i

‘cane expected to and often acta go-betweens fot Team
owes and their sutier comrades. Benefits ad status
senerally tun below those of ase team member, but
support staff red to lve longer

Retrieval Teams

"Retrievers are a buncha fags" about sums up other
‘Teams' digus for these specialists. Even 10, these pee
ominanttyhuman kidnap squads keep Project iad staffed
with prospects. Tit job sto track, capture and indoct
nate new "wid" fomori to Pentex' ranks. This t not
always as easy as it sound

"These troops are trained in paychology, martial ac,
stealth and tacking, and eqipped with nonlethal weap-
‘onry and restraints — drugs, gasses, special vehicles,
surveillance devices and fetishes. Thit pay i low, but
their survival odds are better than mont. Retrievers deaw
a sand other Teams regard them with dian
Evenso,these teams must face down insane "wilt" fomoe
‘mundane legal authorities, and the occasional Garou, and
feta ingside sea at thei own damnation besides. Blow-
lng things apart is easy compared to hunting down your

wn kind and handing them ove tocertan torture. Many
reereverfomnon either crack ordevelopasuperir attitude
that gets thew killed when they cross an assault trooper

Scientists

Forte mow pat feaks are not welcome inthescience
division, For one thin, the research there runs too close
for comfort even fa force didn't mind pending he time
turing out monsters ike hersel her coworkers woul i
shall we say, leu than tating about er apparent sanity
[Newerthelew, infiltrates and other sneaks find their way
tneo the science department cccasionally

‘Mest fomoe working the science turf act as bodyguards
for human researchers These employees are watched
heavily which often stirs tesentment onthe taintedone's
fart. A few innocuous mutants maiquerade a humans
themselves to cause trouble, gather information, monitor
certain ndivnoals, omy indulge thei own curiosity
‘orfetshes Those whododucover how despised theirkind
truly are among those who create them

Freakjokes. Fomor cartoons. Hostile gossip, contempt,
sand naked fear. These ate the prizes of fom who sneak
{nto the clean halls of Pentex science If discovered, an

erator would be eaught and sent toa Section C facility

Chapter Five: Low Society 95

yam

ry,


they wil

Project Odyssey

Although

arp fore
ed or disesed

demented, deform

design, research & develo d m ithcan be even
collections of the company's sickest executives ms, dementia,
of.


Exeautives

Few fomori join the executive ranch unless they <an
‘pass for human. No Pentex supervisor wants the product
‘of theie warped agenda working in the office next door —
twho knows whae she might
news she might leak, or what "rend ‘being

[Narurlly, human executives sneak fomort allies into
rivaldepartments nd companies to infiltrate, arupt and
assassinate choven targets. Nobody ever thinks st can
happen to them... Some fomor with very fine Wyrm:
powers sneak themselves in and occasionally claw the
‘way through the hierarchy without revealing thei talents

‘at lease ot to anyone stho lives. Thos, while the
"oficial" fomot-occupied positions within Pentex are
almost noevexistent, more mutants walk the executive
halls than anyone wants to admie

Fomott with mental powers, of subtle physical ones,
workbestamong the executive branch. A few well-chosea
"flexes" can unslermine a whole company. Some execs
hire non-military enforcers with more overt manta:

‘ons of pomesion, but only oo! would let them get too
close. Executive opportunities for fomor, then, a rate
bet not iemposibe to find.

Non-Pentex Fomori

"The Wryem-coeporation doesnot comer the market on
Fomor Banes possess plenty of folks who never see the
{aside ofan liad Iaboratory. Some of these "wild" fomori
set collected by retrieval teams other find their way t0
Pentex labs through a sort of warped "homing instinct"
sal others ive on their own or in small communities,
oblivious to Penter's existence

‘Although they share many characteristics with thei
indusry-grown brethren, most "wild" fomoe lack the
coherence, fellowship or purpose. Many simply go fom
‘victim fo victim until they either fall apart or meet an
‘enemy stronger than they ae. The details of such "ree
agents" are left tothe Storyteller and her players to decide

the possiblities are too numerous to explore.

_—

(Chapter Five: Low Society 7

yy,



Runnin a Fomori (That being: es J never forget that fomor are foul
Chronicle :

Set mis we eg pation sci nm

ia Pt,

wile Bln porting

Chapter Six: Storytelling 99
re
nora ry,


|

Ls

a LA te

Troupe Purpose

Forinately for the Stoel, grouping frei to
srther under a common purpose ey, epi they
Ail wok for Pentex ce Chapter Five). Whether they
‘oat as a Pit Team, an inflation emis 0 pck of
Frealiet ora dgrnted bunch of rejects the player
careces wl share a common rg oped nd sia
lay warped penpective

‘What brought the group together? Di they
frm the sme Id butch? Ave they Pint Ten with
specie puro, ora toubetoote gad with iret
‘cena Do they havea common pets or dd they
tecome fends during an amignnent? A the topee,
anal ch does Petes nr bout hem if theyre
‘Any of these questions can supply the hook to get your
chronicle ated.

The tick heres to void becoming predicable "Your
captain gives you order to stack sos" can become
slant no his en" De
she the groups ends, ne
Cares ae eed of tie thie wil go log way ted
flowing ov mores toran. A Piet Team whos ar has

doors opened — and others bolted shut —
‘without such frends will ever see.

that» group

Moat fori chronicles wil be short, f for no reason
other thanatriton, Withthett belie spans, thet
‘ones take all relationships to heat. Every te a fomoei
troupe makes — good or otherwise — wil have some
imamate impact.

Death

Fomor characters are goana die. Thats given. Once
your players understand tha, the whole troupe can go
wild. A well-honed sense of mortality can do wonder fot
8 gaming group — with no "prize characters" to protect,
tnd no longterm "levels" to attain, you can all happily
‘commit your characters to i

The heights of melodramatic weirdness that afomoet
chronicle canatain balance out the earnestness of regular
frames. The fun lies not in climbing the Ladder but in
‘making the mos of the downward slide.
Humanity

Paycho or not, the tainted ones ae still human; their
fate lends pathos and horror to what might otherwise be a
catnage-fst. By playing up the human angle of your
‘oupe's creations — the inability to ge a date visit your
parents, ortake ashi without cording the roller bowl —
you can emphasize that even monsters retain their soul

very soften, if you wih, bring the roupe'shumanity
{nto play. What would ibe lke trot from the inside ou,
to know that you were a fated agent of coruption with
lite or no hope of redemption? By reminding yourplayers
that ches creatures were once normal humans like your
selves, you can extend a simple game session into an
exploeationofinner terror (Please remember,once agin,

that this is angst-forfun; if your playes identify
closely with thei favorite fomori, then for God's sake,
take up Parchees! or something equally safe)

Guc-level violation isn't an essential part of a formar
game: all che sae, shifting the penpective around ocea
sionally reminds a troupe that even devils have thei
stories to ell

Story Types and
leks

[Now thes sick suds uho rape the entre land

Linen word, forthe love of

Covet!

—Beainstorm, "Born to Kill"

‘Thespinghourdshelow ought tobe enough tojumpstart
‘your creativity, Js pick the Kind of game you want trun
sd beainstorn

‘Asit-down game seasy —jst pul thei
want toplay and gofor it. Extended chronicles
long they may last — demand a richer mix. For chese, set

smander, a mysterious fl, a Garou instigated gang wat of
aanightmaceo get thekllinplay. Mixingelementsisa ot
of fan, and can keep a fomor chronicle entertaining way
past the hack'n'dash saturation level

Splatterpunk

Lev'sface it fomoe are rom So why nothave ome fan
wth chem! Call your fiends together, throw some Judas
Priest, White Zombie and Gwar on the CD player, invent
the fouls fone your warped tl brains can imagine,
snd send them to hell laughing. There are worse ways 0
spend an evening

"This kind of story works well for pick-up games; pass
sround the character creation rules, put together a Fist
"Team, equip them well and throw them int situations
‘maximum carnage. Such games won't often feature deep
themes, but what the bell. Have fan — award rie (ike
package of Gakora really cool Pes) forthe foulstfomor,
revelin graphic carnage descriptions "Hisain spewst0
the winds a my chainsaw rips through his greasy head"),
and see who dies the coolest death. Beer and pretzels,
Black Dog syle.

FreakLegion

yy,


oe SS

Splaterpunk gamesare generally run for laughs, not for
angst. Obviously, chis kind of gaming plays up to al the


The player involved could he ether the new guy.
fomor who's

are they both the same sex? If nate

they both gay, of do they have a peoblem with the
situation' Either way. isthe atraction mutual? 30, ight

athied party develop an ineres as well? And then there's
would the new guy be replied Iso,
lover" react.

the freak angle
how wil the

"A

emal-seeming infiltratoe works het way into &
arou's confidence and soon lees to respect his ways
She's supposed to ubvert er target but alsin love with
him instead. Now what? Her woperioes—and perhaps the
other membersofher Fist Team —wantoknow why the
target haat cured tothe Wyrm, and the Ga
sersessomething..wong.with theitcomrade'snew pl
fiend. Will the target reciprocate the fomor's feelings,
and fo, what will happen to them both

‘War with the Beasts

Remember Predator? Or Ales? That sweaty, clastropho
bie fecling cha something s ready to leap fren the shams
and shred you before you can even do anything but scream?
‘The suspense of owing that violence could come howling

erat any moment the rip
‘echoing in the dark tunnels where death wat, icking is

ome to the Wyrm's side ofthe Apocalypse,
‘push back the werewolves last stand

noma

Freak Legion

Pentex — forthe

humanity,

Imagine what it's ike to work
corporation that wants to bing

hack othe days of jungle law, Imagine what is ike
to se yout partners mangled, torn apart, eaten alive by
slavering nine foot beasts. Mont Fist Teams are proud 0
butle the monster, to stomp those shapeshifing sons of
bitches into the toni waste where they belong. This wat
takes no prions — it's brutal erfying, and, fom the

foment

erpunk ones but

Many ofthese tales resemble the sl
ceophasie ter
Hooda, Foo
werewolves can kick cele ase, and doe eally want €0
dhe. Such war stores iver the unl "god guy Garon"
penpective and offer a harrowing ook at what ike on
{he versie ofthe claws.
‘Once agin, we find ourselves in the Amazon — a
ing jungle ripe with menace. When a Fi
self cat of from HQ, they must fight their way out
ming. Think Delwerance, Poon, The Wild
(Geese nd Southern Comfort and youlibe offtoa good star

acen't fearlesly stupid

* Glass Walkers have cut the power. The city is burn
ing, and the wolves are quite literally atthe door. Inside
their warehouse, offic o factory, the Fist Teams wage a
blackout hatle with looters, Garou, and their own shad.
‘ows in an enles urban night


ee 2,

Paranoid Politics

As Chapter Five shows, Pentex has many uses fo ts
freaks, Some include inflation, sabotage and other co
vert activities and there's no guarantee that the party
you're working for acts in your best interests. Lone fomoet
who creep into places they're not supposed to visit have
‘even greater adventures — the price of capeute is even
‘worse than death

‘These stories have lots of potential, rom barre super-
spy mistons James Bond with webbing!) to sspensefal
undercover work. They alo have excellent single-player
possiblities. AsaStoryeler,youshould witeupa"who's
‘Sing what towhom" sheet tokeep track ofthe people the
players encounte, thei motivations, and thei re alle:
Biances Establish ago and obstacles hetween the troupe
tnd the objective. Work heavily wih atmowphere and
keep your players guessing. Who does the boss realy work
for Why? Idi eu and i, wha happen when
the mision's over?

Dropping hints about the shifting corporate politics
slo aka nice edge toother story types. What abou that
enemy in acquisitions? Wha's this new "fiend" of the
capa — the one who only come rund ater Jak?

as gogo be lt iin! Ho
cover misions, asasinations, changes of fortune, and
other "quet" kinds of stores lend chemlves well to 2
paranodd atmosphere.

‘While running undercover inascientific lab, afomor
Aiscoves another infilrator — possibly a Garou, a mage.
‘some other oft limits supernatural being Exponing that
spy's true nature would compromise the characte'scover,
‘fhe doesn't act, however, the rival could do serious
damage t9 Pentex — of revel the player's own survel-
lance. Whatever is dane must be done quietly — and
quickly, because the other py jut dugupsome pocentially
lethal secret.

1 The las few misions have gone poorly: equipment
has been shoddy, data has been wrong, reinforcements
‘ever showed up, and the captain's acting funny. Who's
screwing around with your team? And why? Sarge went
looking for answers, and the players havent seen hie,
since. Rumorhasithe's been sent to Section C: You can't
just go barging in after him —the whole ching could hea
{tap to send the entie Team tothe pits Any move you
make could be reported before anythings accomplished
—ie'shppened befor. Where wll you go you fee the
Sarge Andi what condion will he be iif ou do?

Tragedy
ThomGesqerpomelntynSolutin

Plate niente srt

shouldn't be completely forgotten in a long-running game.

Who meet fomaibefre the Wyemdetroyedthi
tes? Who Sy they tome dete rege? What
tndkhapyenifdiey eetobecofenedinge ey
See, an ds kes aoreny retool
‘Won «wher the op or dave thew fer the
Entnes By Secing he hing th wee import er
rental we ven hurt the Seti con
facile plate te ctr er oma pore

ents dts apo freaks for aremon the
is nacand saeco Thebans
thao bis tc Wyre tires gen
‘ting them fon ts psa doping the re
‘Stoce Pemex, Such quinn san we
‘Whotloperé dering misono oma esac
Choremnshimethiseldlie-hsown sn prep
Teas ioeianisisaractsieoe amet
Wile the toy remember oa longer
Thine ps! he fllow thechs bat it is

Ere omen hae teeing pn wht happens f
Saciecu wseeberdovamend oases ere
tcp Des te dot anny Cand opt) othe
purely her emanng Sern What mig happen
Te reed oct Shed pray survive the ps
tment et Sie be etched eas ses enn
Trew o Pes condoning hes he no
‘Sofi eth the Bae iin er What het
Redemption

an oma he saved! Canon throw of the Wye
tine nd the vecemel? The sims twee th
fou e Stree, beitee sme path heyond
Taps lt hand to finds mach eo low

Tlepoing the conic eeeen dey and eceey
can bean emational and perhaps evading atric. Act
ine lie» ak cay the geo mre than
monster lends. fomor a bent nobility. It's not an easy fight

the mutant weld pctbly de nthe rces To dle
Sedeordemmeue Somer nad baron los
weoul ocean

+ Some chore fp ath mcs foot who has

Kallehat penn or felli love wth her! Would she follow
through, otefise and suffer internal and external punish,

+ Gatscannothe denied: durnga deforestation project
‘x poisoning rad, you havea vision ofthe Earth Mother,
(Gal, ocsome other incarnation of<reation, weeping. The
‘experience shatters your resolve — pethape something
‘exists beyond hatred, cash and violence. To pure this
‘sion you mast defect to dothis wll ean afigitiverun,
swith a hoible death at the ether end. Would your
characte follow the vision, or wonder about it fo the rst
of er ie?

OnepterSix‘Seorytling 103

ania aetna



Civen here are many ofthe Banes expert in posessing

Bane is fsed with show
1s thus no longe fre Bane, their Tra

here for St

anytime be

(Umbra and attack the possessing

chases itaway, the proces ofossession vended. Another

y pomesed hin

Blood Banes

These repulsive Banes look like nothing so much as
wt bh

spendimost oftheir time secki cepts oie

they gather anywhere that there isa chance of acquis

disease. They feed on both the daease itself and ca the

fin and suffering caused to those whom they make ill

Rage 6, Gos 5, Willpo

Appendix: The Wound Within (Banes)

yma

Breeder Bane

This hideous creatures is tle more than a walking
sworah The Becedet wil Materialie and rape a human as
female the Breeder extracts the eggs thas impregnated,
The Bree the Umbea, where i lets its
falizes again to bth aFeeectot (see Chapeet Two) inthe
hysieal realm

Rage 5, Gncis 6, Willpower 5, Power 25

Charms Alet Sense, Breeding Trance (Power cost: 5
jas a dream once he wakene later), Matrialize
Dex 2, Sen2, Stealth 5, Health: 7)

Howling Insanities
These Besar
Wm ho core

ey were among thove vervant
we the White Howlers and they tend
to pater in Helles awaiting vctins. The fed upon
the insanity which they cause in their victims, sipping
aay thet host intelligence lite by ite. Project Had

10s

Ty,


‘Charms: Air Sense, Corsption, osesion

Mind Feeders

(Charme: Aire Sense, Coen
suggestions), Ponession

Freak Legion

AAT ST EO


eee

Scavenger Packs appear ava group of whatever kind of
nim the Bane has possessed Upon close inspection, the
individual members of the pack always appear as rather
‘comupted examples ofthe species (rats are particularly
‘mangy, snakes have large patches of miming sales, ee)

Scavenger Packs ae always made up of creatures that are
small enough to squeeze into a human body without
‘using too much additional damage (no Elephane Men,
sorry).

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 4, Power 20

the Bane can only Matenaize through animal peoies:
‘none are available, ehis Charm cannot be used), Posses-
sioa, Prolonged Dying

Serpent Fathers

‘Serpent Fathers are Banes summonedby the ntesof the
Serpent Brotherhood. They poses thee targets (the boys
ofthe Serpent Brothethood scouting oer: see Chapeet
Three) through the seaification and mixing of blood the
tex. These Banes ate kin tothe
oun" They
rid vigor oftheir human host
Serpent Fathers are unique in that they posiess more
than one perion at a time, wsually an entire Brocherhood
scout toop (three to six boys). They appear solely as a
fleam in the eye of an attractive athletic young man with
‘encyclopedic knowledge ofthe wikleness andthe syper-
raural If they are vstble at alli 6 a8 a serpene ike
appendage hangingbetween the hots thighs Klingon
‘ofthe hosts will not destroy the Bane wil ive on in the
‘other hows,

Appendix: The Wound Within (Banes)

These Banes are actually Wyrr-<corupted Weaver
spics. The Spartan praties medieval nights' brother:
hhoods, and Anglo-Saxon feankpledges turned to such
spits of bonding to join themselves together. The Ser
pent Fathers ae wily and wil steer their human hosts out
of touble as long as they an.

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7, Power 25,

‘Charm: Corruption, Healing, Pomession, Tracking

Tuphor's Brood

‘Typhon iva Wyemthing fair fom Greek mythal-
(gy. His brood ae the spirits who make hs evil manifest
cn the Earth. Uniting with hey create for
‘Typhoo an earthly body made ofthe fraternity whoae is
sons (sce Sons of Typhon in Chapter Theee), as many
Iheaded and many-winged as Typhon was of old

‘The Typhor-get are very rarely found outside thelr

The Typhon-apawn have heen a source of horror and
corruption for millenia. The animals and people that they
infest become monster. Isa point of pride with these
things to get away with at much evil as posible before
leaving one human host for another. This ra weak point
Often their nother' achievements wil lead
‘them todeedsthatcan'the covered up. They are kin tothe
Beceder Banes, who, ike dhe, refer tothe Defilet Wm
‘Our Father Below.

Rage 7, Willpower 7, Gnosis 8, Power 20

‘Charms: Aiet Sense, Corruption, Posesion

107

aan mies //,

Chronicle: Breed: Concept:
ALA. Attributes emnmemeLontnar
Physical Social Mental
‘Strength_ @0000 Charisma, @0000 Perception, #0000
€0000 — Manipulation. 0000 _Intelliger #0000
a 0000 _ Appearance. 0000 — Wits. 0000
were LA Abilities ~mermnmeeLontrnar
Galents Skills Knowledges
Dodge. 00000 Firearms. 00000 00000
Empathy, 00000 Melee. 00000 00000
Expression. 00000 Performance. 00000 00000
Towimidation ‘0000 Reva. ‘00000 ‘00000
Leadership. 00000 Security 00000 00000
Sucerwise ‘00000 Stealth, = 00000 00000
‘Subverfuge_ 00000 Survival, 00000 00000
weer ILS Ady S
Powers Gackgrounds — Other Traits ——~
AS hammer armsramv amr lraloriar
A Rage "Health
ooooco0000 . Hint OD
ooooo000000 4
——/ Taints — Injured 1a
Gnosis Wounded 3 0
o000000000 Maki, 2D
ooooooo0o000 ed o
Willpower Experience:
0000000000
oooo000000

Arts 4, Abc: 1, Rowen One Powe pi tT i: Bachpande 5 Fr Pine 2 (520)

LLL LPL ST LT TE OS

OA IS ER SE

Sreak. Cagion: 7%

€ Planers Guide to Somori™

Merits & Flaws

History |
Recruitment —oae
y

—— Possession ae

Description

ii Prise

ean ef hammmver aremsarraaven nanvetLonatoras

Equipment

Possessions (owned)

AF cise ee

Item: Level__Gnosis__

Irom: Level__Gnos
Power

Ieem:_____Level__Gnoi.
Power

Rae] Cp [Conceal [Rank] enfant

Brawling Chart
Ianserer

Ditt —_Damage

Be 3 Sue
fii Bestel FS
a

frock DexsBeost §"Soengh
‘The Maren aged die

N--No concealment


