# File: Freeholds and Hidden Glens.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

FY whe r. y 1 2 \ sree
SOF: seal
1wies oy . .

ame a m=, ee een = UW Nesmlycaaeecar" | i

= nN

ai

a

5

|
Ae — a a ee
ie
=<)? ry



Credits

Written by: Jackie Cassada, Richard Dansky, Christopher
Hind, Chistopher Howard, lan Lemke, Jennifer Lindberg,
Kevin Andrew Murphy, Nicky Rea, Allen Tower

Developed by: lan Lemke
Edited b
Vice President of Production: Rich Thomas

Art Di E. Miles & Lawrence Snelly
Layout and Typesetting: Matt Milberger

Laura Perkinson
‘ors: Aileen

Interior Art: Stuart Beel, Brian Dugen, ields, Dave
Fooden, Mark Jackson, Leif Jones, James Stowe
Front Cover Art: Leif Jones

Back Cover Design: Ash Arette and Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook

Border Art: Henry Higgenbotham

& 780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

TS ow
iy SUITE 100

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except for purposes of reviews
Changeling: The Dreaming, Mage: The Ascension,
The Apocalypse, Wraith: The Oblivion,
The Masquerade and The Book of Story-
ets are all trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf
The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

[recholds and Pidden Glens

Special Thanks co:

Brad "Cookie Report" Butkovitch, for his ramblings at
the Wolfie awards.
tward Bound" Harris, for his imminent departure.

e "Apollo 13" Kraus, for his fruitiness
Danny "4 for the price of 1" Landers, for being four
employees at once
Patty " Mystery job" Leidy, for having one.
Elizabeth "60+" McKee, for her work week.
Christian "[Insert Special Thanks Here]" Naberhaus,
for XX
Stephe "Friends" Pagel, for being on a first-name basis
with everyone's favorite author.
Jane "First Contact" Palmer, for being our front line of
defense
Fred "Badgerata stoplight" Yelk, for his mate-finding habits.
Diane "Canine Dietitian" Zamojski, for feeding Fred's hat

to the dogs.


Table OF Concencs

Chapcer One: Quilters in che Councain
WA Chapcer Two: The Lools Gamoic

"*hapcer Three: Godlin Town

maeval
lf deawiay



Where the wave of moonlight glosses

The dim grey sands with light

By far off furthest rosses
We foot it all the night

g olden dances

ands and mingling glances

moon has taken flight

To and fro we leap
And chase the frothy bubbles
Whilst the world is full of troubles
And is anxious in its sleep

—W.B. Yeats, "The Stolen Child"

Freeholds are places of wonder and Glamour, where
changelings may escape from the drudgery of the world. It
is here that they may gather and feel safe from Banality,
which constantly tears at their faerie souls. Freeholds are
very special to the Kithain. Not only are they fonts of
Glamour, but they are also gathering places. Changelings
of all kith come to freeholds to be around others of their
kind. There are many varieties of freeholds, each as
unique as the pattern of morning dew. There are the lofty

courts of the noble sidhe, resplendent in their finery;

rustic taverns, where commoners meet to gather around
a warm fire and talk of ages past, before the return of the
sidhe; and many things in between.

The Mists shroud mortal eyes from seeing a freehold for

what it is, just as it shrouds a changeling's fae mien. An

abandoned warehouse might actually be a magnificent for
tress, or a treehouse a spiraling tower. Anything is possible
with the Dreaming

Romeo Use This Book

Described within this book are seven frecholds
which can be found within the kingdom of Concordia.
Each has its own theme and mood, ranging from a
mountain hideaway containing one of the most ancient
fae on Earth, to a commoner pub in Boston, Mass

Each of these freeholds could easily be dropped into
an existing chronicle. They come complete with plot
hooks and story ideas; use them for just such a purpose,
or instead, let them inspire you to creating your own
freeholds and stories. Make these freeholds your own
and let their Glamour infuse your stories

Incroduction



By Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada

They've pursued us now it seems forever, they've

caught up on us like time,

They've followed us close down every misbegotten

highway

They haunt us like our crime

And we're guilty, yes we'll always plead guilty to all

the spells they said we wove,

Ah, just for me weave it one more time

Cast your spell of love

Take me in your arms and let me feel it one more time

The warm sweet breath of love

Horslips, "The Warm Sweet Breath of Love"

Part of the Appalachian mountain chain, the
Cumberland Mountains of eastern Kentucky are among
the oldest in the world; their weathered slopes bear testi-
mony to the passage of the ages. With their verdant forests
and pristine waters, these gentle hills have for centuries
sheltered the children of the Dreaming who fled westward,
escaping the encroaching tide of Banality that came in the
wake of the Sundering. Here, among the towering rock
formations set along the banks of the wide waterway that

would later be known as the Rockcastle River, they built

their faerie fortresses and dancing grounds, secure — for a
time — in theirisolation. When the Shattering forced the
wholesale exodus of the sidhe, even these protected do.

andoned and sealed against intrusion. Now,
one of these ancient strongholds, called the High Castle
for its mountaintop location, lives again. Two sidhe,
bound together by their forbidden love and aided by a
motley of commoners, have shattered the fortress' seals
and sought refuge within its hidden towers.

Chapcer One: Quellers in che CDouncan


Laure! Councy, Kencucky
and che Rockcascle River

minga tribt


The Fiona |-orcress of

igh Castle

Visible only to Kithain eyes, however, are the chi-
merical ruins ofa faerie fort, which lie strewn about the top
of the mountain. Shattered crystal towers and fallen
dawn-hued arches are overlain by the creepers, mosses,
bushes and saplings which have taken root in the physical
world. The ruined shards, buried under the mundane
mountain growth, occasionally gleam wanly in the sun-
light or wink feebly in response to the light from the stars.
Amid the desolate glory lies a gray boulder, the doorway
into the underground environs of High Castle. Due to an
ancient enchantment, this entryway can only be seen for
what it is by those who mean no harm to the current
inhabitants of the stronghold.

The gray boulder splits apart and moves aside whenever
anoble of House Fiona who is in need of shelter steps within
the perimeter of what was once the faerie fort. A doorway
into the mountain is thus revealed. The entrance is other-
wise invisible, even to those with faerie Kenning, unless
they stand atop the boulder and use a point of their own
Glamour to command the doorway to become visible. Once
seen, the door can be opened by simply tugging on the old
pullring set into its center. Beyond the door is a set of stairs
going down. If this person means harm to the mountain's
inhabitants, however, the doorway remains cloaked by
ancient enchantments designed to befuddle foes. The en-
chantments, placed bya full-blood fae noble, may be broken,
but only by someone with sufficient power. The means to
open the door may become the impetus for a quest in which
characters must locate various ancient rhymes or magical
treasures designed to force open such an enchanted portal.

Beyond the door, a broad, winding stairway leads down
into a great room, once used for the gathering of all the
inhabitants of the castle. Seemingly carved from coal, but
faceted so that they will glimmer and glisten like black
diamonds, the walls are lit by globes of swirling colors —
faerie lanterns left by the former inhabitants, and the flick-
ering radiance of the balefire, the heart of the castle. Four
grand hallways, alternately gleaming in places and covered
by fantastic tapestries, lead outward from the main room

Along two of these are stately suites consisting of
lavish parlors, baths, dressing rooms and bedrooms, which
once served as the private quarters for the nobles of the
household. Each branches at the far end into four more

halls, which contain lesser rooms and apartments for the

other inhabitants. Some of these are maintained so that
visitors will have comfortable quarters. The other two
grand halls branch into kitchens, storage areas and work-
rooms, some of which have now been given over to studios
where the inhabitants craft the items they sell. Among
these are a stillroom where Cianén makes his herbal
concoctions, a potter's shed in which Lairdie throws pots
(when she isn't tending the still and making moonshine),
and Arienh's jewelry-making cubby. Harley has appar-
ently discovered rooms even deeper in the mountain,
where he sculpts, and Fletcher prefers to use the great hall
as a woodworking shop for constructing musical instru
ments (to Lairdie's continual annoyance)

One hallway leads to a wondrous chimerical garden
Brilliant flowers and heady aromas surround a fresh-water
spring (that served as the well for the castle) which bubbles
up from below and reflects the lantern-light. The tone of the
light from the lanterns changes throughout the day, moving
from the rosy hues of dawn, to the brilliant midday sun, to
the orange-red glow of sunset, and at last becoming the light
of the moon and the starry sky. Many treasures, from
furnishings to jewelry, are scattered throughout the fortress,
deserted by their former owners when they fled from the
onrushing tide of Banality. Though parts of the castle,
particularly the outermost walls, are ruined and broken, the
structure as a whole has withstood the test of time

Tamlins Glen

Not far from High Castle Mountain, a ring of oaks and
yellow birches surrounds a grassy, treeless mountain bald
A heavy curtain of enchantment cloaks this glen from
mortal eyes, making it seem ordinary and uninviting.

Faerie sight, however, reveals a different panorama of

waving grasses and a wild profusion of flame-azaleas and
red trilliums, Where the natural gateway into the circle
would be, an ancient oak has been split apart, as if struck
To Kithain, the oak is

obviously an old doorway, now cracked and blackened.

by a mighty bolt of lightning.

Though it may be seen from afar, attempts to approach the
bald are thwarted by some unknown enchantment which
befuddles the senses and sends the inquisitive on a wild
goose-chase through half the county. Kithain who keep
their distance are, on rare occasions, rewarded. Once a
month, on the night of the full moon, some claim to see a
hazy figure rise up in the center of the bald, and, fiddle in
hand, begin to play soft, ethereal melodies that travel on
the wings of the night wind


Niscory

Come by the hills to the land
where legend remains
Where st the heart

may yet
here the m lost and the future
is still to
And cares morrow must wait
till the me

Loreena McKennitt, "Come By the Hills"

Lord Tamhns Aigh Cascle

Well before Columbus' "discovery" of America, the
fae came to the land they called Tir-na-N'og. Driven

westward by the Sundering, a band of not House

Fiona, accompanied by their household of loyal common

ers and under the leadership of Lord Tamlin the Fiddler,
sought refuge in the blue hills of what would become
eastern Kentucky, hoping that here they would be safe

at least for a time — from the inexorable tide of Banality
Along the western fringes of the Cumberland Mountains,
amid hills as green and luxurious as the Caledonian
highlands, they found their place of shelter. With high
hearts and spirits made joyful by the renewal of hope, they
set to work constructing a fortress atop a mountain that

tose gracefully above its n

Inspired by the beauty of the mountain laurel and wild
trillium that grew in profusion around them and the proud,
s of the bald eagl

Banality created a chimerical castle in the

defiant hunti s that soared above,
these refugee
image of their dreams. Only once was their work interrupted,
by the sudden appearance of a brown-skinned, raven-haired
woman clad in the skin of a white deer and bearing an eagle
feather in her hand. A gray wolf stood at her side. The Fiona
recognized her as being fae, but she was unlike any child of
the Dreaming they had ever encountered

The woman called herself Weeping Sky, and pro:
claimed that she was a messenger from the nunnehi, upon
whose lands the Fiona were building. Exiles from their
own beloved homelands, the Fiona realized the impor
tance of the land to the nunnehi and told Weeping Sky of
their troubles, offering her and her tribe many gifts in
return for allowing them to occupy their chosen site. They
swore oaths, backed by geasa, that they would encroach
"this far, and no farther," and opened their new freehold
to visits from their sworn brethren, the nunnehi.

Together, nunnehi and Fiona dedicated a nearby
mountain bald, surrounded by a rir oaks and yellow
birches, asa place of feasting and celebration, to be held in
common for as Ic s the blue sky arched overhead.
The Fiona completed their mountain aerie, a shining
all the colors of the sky, the

sediments, and the ever-changing leaves that marked the

crystalline castle displayin;


Passing of the seasons. Bathed in sunlight and washed in
the glory of the moon and stars, the dwellers of the High
Castle exulted in their newfound paradise.

Numerous trods were opened between High Castle
and other faerie freeholds across the land and sea. Visitors,
$0 long as they respected the faerie's oaths of brotherhood
with the nunnehi, were always welcome.

More and more Kithain petitioned to join High
Castle, as their own holdings came under attack from the
justifiably angry native faeries whose lands they had
iwsurped. Because they had promised to expand their
holding no farther, the Fiona began to build downward
into the core of the mountain itself in order to accommo-
date the influx. Following a message that came ina dream,
Lord Tamlin moved the balefire to the deepest recesses of
thecastle's interior, where its fiery Glamourspread through-
out the mountain's heart

The Leavecatsing

Then came the Shattering. There had been warnings
from the other freeholds that the bulwarks erected in the
Summer Lands of the new world were collapsing under the
weight of humanity's growing disbelief in things magical.
Their nunnehi friends, who were, themselves, preparing
to undergo their own drastic rituals in the hope of surviv-
ing the impending disaster, begged the denizens of High
Castle to leave, fearing that their frail faerie natures would
be unable to withstand the icy winds of disbelief and
reason. Passionately devoted to their new home, the Fiona
insisted that they would stay until the walls of the castle
crumbled around them.

The day came when a tremor swept through the land,
acataclysmic shuddering that bore no resemblance to the
natural movement of rock upon rock — it was the super-
natural death throe that marked the arrival of the
Shattering. The turreted towers of High Castle trembled
as the battering ram of Banality crashed against the castle
gate. The castle walls cracked and buckled, and a rain of
crystal stones showered the fortress' inner court. Many
within the castle feared that they had waited too long and
that High Castle's death would be their own.

Knowing that there was little time left to them in this
world, Lord Tamlin wovea powerful enchantmentaround
the remains of his crumbling castle, warding its balefire
with potent protections against the approaching tide of
Banality and sealing the doors of the fortress with song.

ith the sudden Kenning of a true bard, he bound the
freehold to the Dreaming with the oath: "May you hold
from without and be held from within until the silver lion

returns, in need once again. May you withstand the

darkness and keep the light concealed within until that
day. May time and weather serve to hide you, but may they
never harm you. By moon and mist and mountain may my
desires come to pass."

Lord Tamlin then ordered his household, nobles and
commoners alike, to gather swiftly at the ring of oaks near
the feasting ground — the faerie bald — where stood a
quickly fading gateway to Arcadia. There, in the presence
of their nunnehi cousins, the nobles of House Fiona bade
farewell to the green forests and laurel-covered slopes
which had become their adopted home. Many of the
commoners chose to stay behind, casting their lot with the
nunnehi, who welcomed them to stay

One by one, the nobles of High Castle began their
passage through the oaken gate. From his place behind his
household, Lord Tamlin saw with horror that the fragile
portal had begun to splinter. Before them the trod was
fracturing, fading into beams of moonlight and silver
sheets of rain. Many of the sidhe were lost, falling through
and fading or stepping off the path and disappearing as the
trod gave way around them. Feeling his own Glamour
waning, drained by the encroaching mundanity, yet know
ing that his people were doomed if he could not hold the
gateway and strengthen the trod, Lord Tamlin stepped to
the center of the circle and raised his fiddle. Waving his
bow in salute and bidding his household farewell, Lord
Tamlin, who was named in honor of a mortal knight
beloved by a faerie queen but lost to her forever, began to
play the threefold song, the most powerful of the bardic
enchantments. From the strings of his instrument sprang
forth the geantraf, the song of joy celebrating his household's
sojourn in the blessed hills of Tir-na-N'og. Next he played
the mournful goltraf, and the sadness of his lament pierced
the stillness of the moonlit night, calling down the Glam-
our of the stars and the power of the oaks to hold open the
fading gate. As he began his final tune, the suantraf, or the
song of slumber, the nunnehi, who had gathered to stand
as witness to the sorrowful leavetaking, saw that the
courage of the Fiona lord had doomed him to remain in the
world of mortals, for the gateway had withered and
crumbled. Like his namesake, Lord Tamlin would be lost
to the Dreaming. Still Tamlin played, knowing that the
Glamour of his music was needed to hold the trod open
beyond the faded portal.

From their own secret knowledge of the ways of
Glamour, the nunnehi wove their own enchantment as a
last gift to the stranger who had become one with the
people and the land. Shrouding the mountain bald with
their own protective wards, they created an impenetrable
glen, filled with Glamour, where Lord Tamlin could
withstand the ravages of the bitter outside world. Before

Chapcer One: Quellers in che CDouncain


{
(
|
(
\
(
(
|
|
(
|
|
|
|
\

a

their own magics hid him from their view, the nunnehi
saw Lord Tamlin slump to the ground, fiddle cradled to his

breast, overcome by his own song of sleep

The Uears of Oarkness

Until the arrival of the European settlers in the 17th
ind 18th centuries, the freehold and the faerie bald
remained unknown to the outside world. A few of the
native tribes traveled the game trails that passed nearby,
but none entered the places once held by the children of
the Dreaming

The settling of the Appalachian wilderness brought
European pioneers, many of them from Ireland, Scotland
and England, to the fertile mountains of the Cumberland
region. Small towns sprang up in the valley, and little by
little, the native Americans — the Cherokee, Chocktaw,
and Shawnees — were forced to cede their lands to the
greedy newcomers. The nunnehi shunned these mortals,
who, although they dreamed fierce dreams of conquest
and possession, knew little of the giving of gifts and the
sharing of oaths. Retreating from the eyes of the intruders,

they sought refuge in their own hidden places, watching as
the world around them suffered under the iron blade of the
plow and the keen edge of the ax

In the late 19th century, the miners came to the
Cumberland, drawn by reports of rich veins of bituminous
coal lying just beneath the surface. Though High Castle
Mountain was spared from the ravages of their machinery
until the advent of contour strip mining, it eventually fell
before the onslaught of greed. Terraces were cut into the
mountain's green hillside and coal was ripped from its
earthy embrace. The castle within, sealed from Banality by
the ancient enchantment, shuddered under the assault,
but held. Parts of the outer walls were razed and untold
chimerical treasures were shattered or crushed, but the
balefire still burned, albeit weakly, deep within the
mountain's center. Ironically, the cuttings made by the
strip miners created a three-tiered profile of stark rock
walls capped by verdant greenery that towers over the
valleys below, looking for all the world like some ancient
faerie fort set down amongst the mountains, a pale — but
accurate — reminder of its former glory

¥v,

s/


The Breaking of the Seals

Thereturn of thesidhe to Earth and the establishment
of the Kingdom of Concordia brought about the prolifera
tion of new freeholds throughout the North American
continent. The southeastern United States including
fell under the
protection of the Kingdom of Willows. Some «

the mountains of southern Appalachia
the an
cient faerie strongholds were rediscovered and claimed by
various noble sidhe. The wording of Lord Tamlin's oath,
however, kept the fortress of High Castle hidden from even
the most diligent Kithain eyes until the coming of a pair of
fugitive sidhe fulfilled the conditions of his swearing

In the northern Kingdom of Apples, Lady Arienh, a
flaming-haired daughter of House Fiona, whose songs rivaled
the melodies of the meadowlark and the nightingale, met
and fell in love with Ciandn ap Liam, a gentle knight known
forhis healing gifts. All would have been well but for the fact
that Arienh's twin brother, Lord Dillon, objected to his
sister's passion for a member of House Liam, a line conside
oathbreakers by the other sidhe hen the two lovers'
affections for one another became known to him, Dillon
banished Ciandn from his freehold and forbade him any
contact with Arienh. Rather than lose her fated | Arienh
fled south with Cianan to the Kingdom of Willows, hoping

to find a refuge somewhere within the isolated mountains

Ina rage, Lord Dillon sent his huntsmen and a pa
uimerical hounds after the fleeing pair. He, himself, s

an oath to follow Arienh to the ends of the earth, if nece

tode he upstart Ciandn ap Liam as he deserved, and

to restore the blemished honor of House Fiona.
Fleein hunt, which nightly closed in on them, the
f three c descen:

Castle. The

yggan and a redcap — knew vague

lovers chanced upon

dants of some 1¢ original inhabitants of Hig

three — a pooka,

legends of a great faerie castle which once graced the peak and

reached into the depths of a nearby mountain. Looking for a

place in which to e cold winter months, they had

searched forand found w y believed to be the remnants

f the structure, but had been unable to find an entrance

Hoping that they had discovered a refuge in which to hide

Arienh and Cianan begged the three to lead them to the area

With the sounds of the hunt rin, out behind them

less than a mile away, the group reached the summit of the

mountain. As Arienh stepped within the boundari

what had once been the crystalline castle, a great rumbling

shook the ground and a blaze of light sprang forth from a

gray boulder, which cracked in half, revealing a shimmer

ing doorway and a dark staircase leading down into the

hill. Far below, invisible to all but faerie t, the ember

of the balefire stirred and burst once again into full

potency. Nobles and commoners entered together and the


door sealed shut behind them, hiding them from those
who followed. The silver lion had returned

The igh Cascle

Crafcers

fe within their mountain eyrie, the five Kithain have
established their own society based upon their growing
friendship and mutual need. Eschewing the traditions of a
nobility which despises and hunts them, Arienh and Ciandn
have renounced their titles and declared themselves one in
spirit with their commoner allies. Fletcher (the pooka
minstrel), Lairdie (the boggan brewer), and Harley (the
redcap jack-of-all-trades) have accepted the two sidhe as
equals in their company. All have sworn oaths of friendship
with one another. The residents of High Castle share a love
of music and for making things of beauty, and their talents
have enabled them to leave their stronghold on occasion
and spread the Glamour of their creative abilities among the
mortals who inhabit the sparsely populated county. They
are also able to glean a little Glamour of their own from the
artists who frequent the craft festivals and fairs.

Ina region famous for its native crafters and artisans,
the work of the High Castle Crafters is noted for its
richness of detail and its delicate artistry. At craft fairs
throughout Kentucky and the southeast, the booths oper-
ated by the motley attract the attention of connoisseurs of
handmade goods. Ciandn's special brands of herbal teas
and infusions have garnered a reputation for their medici-
nal properties, while a small coterie of trusted individuals
meet secretly with Lairdie to purchase quart jars of her
potent "homebrew." In addition to the work of their
hands, Arienh and Fletcher also find an outlet for their
musical artistry by performing old Celtic and mountain
ballads for an appreciative audience of folk enthusiasts. A
lower class of entertainment, enjoyed by many of the local

20d old boys," is provided by Harley, who bills himself as
"the man who can eat anything."

ThePDhancom fiddler

Though the true story of Lord Tamlin has been lost in
ative Americans and
local people alike tell the story of the Phantom Fiddler. It
is said that on certain nights up on the old bald near High
Castle Mountain, stran;

the centuries since the Shattering

and mournful music can be
heard. Some say it's the devil, enticing folks to an opening
into hell; others say there is nothing more than the wind
in the trees which circle the bald. The High Castle motley
have heard the music and more than once have set out to
discover the truth behind the waves of Glamour that pour

recholds and Midden Glens

forth with the rising of every full moon. Like all others who
have tried to penetrate the secret of the oak-ringed bald,
they, too, have found themselves wandering in circles,
their minds befuddled by some mysterious enchantments
Recently, they have mounted a new campaign. Rather
than trying to gain entry into the bald, they have taken
their instruments and their finest works of art to the edge
of the trees and played their most tuneful melodies be-
neath the light of the rising moon. Although their gifts
remain untouched and their songs dissipate upon the
breezes of the night, both Arienh and Fletcher have sworn
that they hear, from deep within the bald, the dulcet
sounds of a mournful fiddle echoing their refrains. Further-
more, Cianan has begun to dream of a crystalline castle
rising above the hill.

Cxcernal Relations
The Kingdom of CUitlows

The High Castle Crafters have no official ties with
the Kingdom of Willows. Fearing that the knowledge of
their whereabouts will reach Dillon's ears, Arienh and
Cianan have neglected to notify any of the Seelie rulers of
theirappropriation of High Castle. In addition, the motley
opposes the imposition of the laws of the noble sidhe upon
a changeling culture (the nunnehi) that has survived for
centuries without foreign interference. The rebellious,
independent spirit of the mountains has taken root and
flourished within the hearts of the H.

The Nunnehi

Since theirreclamation of High Castle, the five Kithain

Castle motley

have been visited by emissaries from the local nunnehi,
many of whom still remember the ancient agreements
sworn by the freehold's original lord. Eager to safeguard
their new home, the High Castle Crafters readily agreed to
renew those pledges of friendship and mutual defense,
despite the fact that theiralliance with these native Kithain
has put them at odds with the policies of the Kingdom of
Willows. Because the dwellers of the High Castle honor
the ancient customs and laws of the nunnehi, they are safe
from the harassment experienced by other freeholds who
tefuse to acknowledge the claims of native nunnehi.

Ochee Kichan

Quietly, word has spread among Kithain of the region
who are dispossessed, who feel slighted by the sidhe-
dominated societies in which they live, orwhosimply want
totravel, that the High Castle Crafters welcome those who


mean them no harm. Fae attracted to the Glamour in
Cianan's herbal concoctions or Arienh's jewelry may be
invited back to the stronghold after being sworn to secrecy
about it. Thus, though the old fortress seems isolated, many
visitors find their way to it and stay fora day ora week. Most
of them bring news of court and other freeholds.

Garou

The southeastern mountains are home to a number
of Garou, but the ranks of these warriors of Gaia are too
thinly spread to cover the vast amount of territory which
comprises the Appalachian wilderness. So far, only one
Garou has sought to make contact with this group of
Kithain and has received their invitation to visit them in
their freehold. Anubis Hillwalker, a Silent Strider who
wanders the mountains as a circuit rider and traveling
"preacher" of his own natural world religion, has broad-
ened his route to include a brief stopover at High Castle
every month or so.

(Dages

The wilderness of eastern Kentucky contains many
places where wyld magic has collected, and a few mages
have come to the area in search of rumored stores of Tass.
They have been thwarted, for the most part, by the local
nunnehi, who have occasionally requested aid from the
High Castle Crafters in protecting their lands from those
who would drain it of its remaining magic. A few mages,
however, have succeeded in winning the trust of both the
Kithain of High Castle and the nunnehi who dwell nearby
Among these isa Dreamspeakernamed Tayanita, a mixed-
blood Cherokee who first encountered the motley at a
craftshow, where she sensed true magic in Cianan's herbal

concoctions,

(raichs

The restless spirits of a few strip miners killed while
stripping the landscape in search of coal still have occasion
to visit the site of their death. While the High Castle
Crafters have no knowledge of the politics of the Under-
world, the presence of these unhappy wraiths occasionally
impinges upon their faerie sight and there has been some
discussion among members of the motley as to whether or
not anything can be done to bring peace to these unfortu-
nate souls. There are also rumors of an ancient Cherokee
burial ground located somewhere near High Castle Moun-
tain, but the nunnehi have requested that their Kithain
friends avoid this sacred place

CDorcals

Their work as crafters and musicians has involved the
High Castle motley with a number of mortals. The High
Castle Crafters maintain a post office box in nearby London,
Kentucky, where they receive orders for crafted items as well
as notices and invitations to craft shows. Although their
relations with the mortal world are somewhat restricted by
their fear of discovery, the members of the motley have
managed to make a few friends among other local crafters
and musicians. Because of Harley's insatiable appetite for
action films, they regularly attend opening night at various
London movie theaters. Lairdie's connections with other
local "brewers" serve to keep the group informed of any
suspicious strangers asking questions about them.

‘Fhe Nigh Castle

Crafcers

Even though they disregard the Seelie court which
tules the Kingdom of Willows, the Crafters consider
themselves to be Seelie. These Appalachian Kithain
prefer musing to Ravaging, and often provide their own
Glamour through craft and song.

Arienh(A-reen) The Nighaingale"

A rarity among Kithain, the Baroness Arienh and her

brother, Dillon, are twins— both as fae and in their mortal
seemings. As the elder, by all of twelve minutes, Dillon
tules the freehold of Lion's Guard in the Kingdom of
Apples, where both he and his sister lived after the death
of their mortal parents.

A gifted singer and musician, Arienh spent much of
her time studying bardic lore, acquiring a broad repertoire
of folk ballads and courtly lays. She brought the legendary
Fiona passion to her music, and her performances were the
highlight of many a freehold celebration. Her delicate
fingers, which could pluck sweet tunes from a lap harp, also
enabled her to craft exquisite jewelry. Although many
nobles throughout the Kingdom of Apples paid court to
the fiery-haired maiden, Arienh reserved her emotions for
her music and crafting, turning aside all suitors with a
gentle smile. The coming of Ciann ap Liam changed all
that. His gentle manner and soft-spoken words won her
heart, and the two swore a secret oath of eternal love.

Arienh is saddened that she had to choose between her
brother and her sworn love, but has found happiness in
High Castle. Having thrown off the constraints placed
upon her as a noble, she revels in the freedom to dance

Chapcer One: Quellers in che Councain


through the hallways, sing when she feels like itand indulge
her love of crafting. Best of all, she has learned that she can
make a living with her singing and her jewelry-making. She
is independent, bound only by the oaths she chose to swore,
not by her brother's (or anyone else's) ideas of propriety
She hopes to someday turn High Castle into a great hall,
welcoming any Kithain who fit in well with the motley and
who respect the nunnehi. Though she has thrown off her
noble status, Arienh's grace, passion and charisma make
her the group's natural leader and spokesperson

I: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 1, Empathy
3, Kenning 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge |

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts (jewelry) 4, Etiquette 3,
Melee 1, Performance (music) 4

Knowledges
Politics 1
Arts: Sovereign 3, Wayfare 1

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Props 2

Backgrounds: Dreamers 2, Gremayre 1, Holdings 1,
Resources 1, Title (renounced) 3

Enigmas 1, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 2,

Glamour: 6
Willpower: 5
Banality: 3

[recholds and Didden Glens

Arienh displays the classic features of House
Fiona: flaming red hair, delicate features, and deep-green
eyes. The outward fragility of her appearance belies an
inner strength born from the fiery passion that rules her
Within the freehold of High Castle, Arienh sometimes
adorns herself with fine clothing and jewelry (some of
which she crafts herself), When traveling the craft fair
circuit, she prefers long, split skirts and peasant blouses,
and braids her waist-length hair. Even when sitting still,
she is always in motion, either working on some piece of
jewelry, plucking the strings of her lap harp, or just tapping
her feet in time to a tune that only she can hear
Rolepla

have abandoned hearth and home and turned your back

ing Hints: To be with your sworn love, you

on a brother who was closer to you than your own heart-
beat. Your affection for your brother is second only to your
overwhelming love for Cianan. Passion dictates every-
thing you do, from your music to your craft. You are
outgoing, talkative, active and a natural leader. Your
gaiety is as genuine andas explosive as your overwhelming
sorrow. Never do anything by halves. Live, love, laugh and
cry as if each moment were your last.

Cianan(K EE-nahn) The Meater

Born to the House of Liam, considered oathbreakers
by their faerie kin, Cianan wanted nothing more than to
be an honorable knight and a healer. His Saining took
place at Dillon's court in the freehold of Lion's Guard. He
was fifteen. Ciandn remembers nothing of his former
mortal life. Though he tried always to be a courteous and
fair-spoken knight, his patience was often tried by those
who discriminated against him for his affiliation with
House Liam. In fact, he often found himself challenging
those who spoke badly of his house. Rather than endure
these constant disparagements, Ciann took upon himself
a geasa to always speak and act in defense of his house, just
as Liam defended mortals from the Kithain who would
have harmed them.

The quiet, gentle young knight was allowed a grudg-
ing place at Dillon's court. Dillon's twin sister Arienh,
however, gave him much more. They became fast friends,
then before either of them knew what was happening, they
realized that they were in love, and pledged their undying
devotion to one another.

In the wake of his banishment and flight, and because
he and Arienh have sworn oaths of friendship to three
Kithain commoners, he also has renounced his title.
Ciandn regrets that he will never be acknowledged a true
knight, but he has turned most of his attention to concoct
ing healing tinctures, which he sells at craft fairs.


Recently, Ciandn has begun taking classes at a local
college preparatory, studying medicine. He eventually hopes
to be able to combine his medical studies with his Glamour
so that he can bring healing to those who could not
otherwise be helped. Because he is primarily a healer and
has a gentle manner, many people tend to overlook or
discount Cianan, especially when Arienh (the extrovert) is
around. He isn't flashy, but his wisdom and stability provide
the foundation upon which rests the success of the freehold.
His good sense and genuine caring for everyone in the
motley makes him the heart of the group. When any of
them have problems or worries, they come to Cianan. He
too hopes that High Castle can provide refuge for those who
need it. Those who dismiss him for a weakling have never
seen him take up arms in defense of his friends or his ideals.
Seelie

Saint/Wretch

Court:

Kith: Sidhe

Phy Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Kenning 3, Leadership 1

Skills: Crafts 3, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee (sword) 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Herbalism (healing tinctures)
4, Medicine 3, Mythlore 2

Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign |

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Scene |

Backgrounds: Chimera (sword) 2, Gremayre 1, Title
(renounced) 2
Glamour: 6
Willpower: 6
Banality: 4
Image: In his mortal guise, Ciandn is a moderately
tall, slender young man with shoulder-length blond hair
and deep blue eyes. His face, though delicate, is not
effeminate, and his eyes always seem sad. He wears jeans
and boots, but tops them with cotton tunics. In his faerie
seeming, he looks much the same, but his hair takes on a
golden sheen, his eyes deepen to a violet blue and his ears
become slightly pointed. Should anyone denigrate House
Liam, he takes on the aspect of a wrathful faerie lord
Roleplaying Hint
but you aren't a pushover. You are completely devoted to

fou are soft-spoken and kind,

Arienh and would give your life for her were she in danger.
You often wonder how it is that you deserve her love. You
are compassionate and cannot bear to see anyone in pain
without trying to do something to ease it. Be kind and
speak courteously to all. You are a knight (whatever
anyone else thinks) and a healer. Help those in need and
protect the innocent and the weak. Defend the honor of
your house and never betray your lady or your friends.

Heccher The Clown'

Fletcher was born into a family of musicians and
instrument makers who lived in the mountains of eastern
Kentucky. Fletcher and his brothers spent their child
hoods learning how to live up to their reputations as wild
mountain boys. Fletcher, in particular, seemed to have a
knack for "inventing" excuses for why he seldom attended
school, and his glib tongue served to extricate him from
many tricky situations. All of it came to a head the day he
"borrowed" old Hattie Bainbridge's laundry. She called
the sheriff. Rather than face time in juvenile hall, Fletcher
took off for the city

He had only just made it to a safe haven when his
Chrysalis came upon him. A city pooka, a cat chimera
named Spif, found him as he entered his Chrysalis and
helped guide him through it. Afterward, he and Spif hung
out together fora few weeks while Spif explained things to
him (an interesting proposition since neither of them
could tell the complete truth). Fletcher was elated to know
that he was something special. Now that he could make it
on his own, however, he realized that he just didn't fit in
well in the city. He returned to the Kentucky mountains,
where his other form, a white-tailed deer, would not be so
conspicuous (forgetting all about deer season).

When the first rifle shot caught him in the shoulder,
he panicked and ran as far and as fast as he could. In his

Chapcer One: Quellers in che CDounzain


flight, he literally stumbled across Harley and Lairdie
where they had set up a squatter's camp. They took him in
and hid him from his pursuers. It was not long before the
three swore an oath of friendship.

Talking with some of the Native Americans in the
area, the three learned of an old legend about High Castle
Mountain. Though they found the ruins of the faerie castle
atop it, they were unable to enter until they met Arienh
and Ciandn. The two sidhe found a sympathetic friend in
Fletcher, who remembered his own panicked flight and
whose musical abilities complimented those of Arienh.
Fletcher loves living at High Castle and making the
rounds of the craft fairs. He hopes that in the near future
he and Arienh can make a tape of their music to sell at the
fairs. It would sure attract customers to his instrument-
making booth!

Court: Seelie

Troubadour/Fool

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Legac

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Kenning 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts (musical instrument mak-
ing) 4, Performance (music) 3, Security 1, Stealth 2

Enigmas 1, Investigation 1, Mythlore 1,

Occult 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2
Realms: Fae 3, Nature 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera (cat) 2, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 2,
Resources |
Glamour: 6
Willpower: 5
Banality: 3

Image: In his mortal guise, Fletcher is a tall, gangly
youth with sandy-brown hair that is already thinning. His
large brown eyes and his expression of perpetual surprise
give him the appearance of a deer caught in the headlights
of an oncoming car. In his faerie seeming, his eyes grow
even larger and softer, and the beginnings of a rack of
antlers sprout from his head. (Only a few select people
have seen the tufted scut which marks his affinity with the
white-tailed deer.) He dresses for comfort in jeans, open
vest and flannel shirts or T-shirts, and makes no distinc-
tion between "work" clothes and performing duds
Fletcher's speaking voice resounds with warmth and per-
suasion. Asa singer, his clear, versatile tenor projects both
humor and sadness with equal fervor and providesa perfect
counterpoint for Arienh's crystal soprano tones.

Roleplaying Hints: Too many people take too many
things too seriously. It's your job, and provides a good bit
of entertainment, to persuade them differently, Life is fun!
People should enjoy themselves. Of course there are a few
serious things, like true love. You wouldn't mind having a
relationship like Arienh and Ciandn have, but it'll come
some day. And the right person will definitely have a sense
of humor! Have a good time. Make someone laugh. Don't

bother yourself with facts, just make things up to suit

yourself.

Lairche COiz CDoonshine™

Lairdie learned tomake moonshineathergrandpappy's

She was married off to the second Cordwell boy at

of thirteen, and having a skill like that meant the

difference between starving and makinga go of things. She

always took pride in her house — never mind that it was

just an old junked trailer— and kept it as well as she could

while her husband Del was off working in the mine. She

had two children, Clement and Trisha, and raised them in
between starting her own pottery business.

Del waskilled in amining accident when the children
were not yet teenagers and Lairdie found out just what a
common law wife was entitled to according to the com-
pany: nothing.


She made do with what she had and pooled her
resources with other "brewers" in the mountains. Then
the law came and broke up her still. Social services took
her kids away and placed them with "respectable" families
and Lairdie lost her trailer to the legal fees when she tried
torecover her kids. Left with nothing, unable to locate her
missing children, Lairdie set up a squatter's camp in the
mountains, far away from any town

There she built another still and brooded until one
day an ugly young man named Harley found her and asked
her for something to eat. His Glamour triggered her
Chrysalis and Lairdie discovered her Kithain nature — as
a grump. Harley stayed with her (mostly, so he said,
because the food was good and the moonshine was great),
and before long Lairdie came to look upon him as a son
(albeit asomewhat grotesque one at times). Then Fletcher
attived on the scene, fleeing from hunters who thought
the pooka was really a white-tailed deer. She dissuaded
Harley from eating him ("Yum, venison!") and took him
in as well

Knowing they couldn't stay in her encampment
through the winter, the three sought out High Castle and
entered italong with Cianan and Arienh. They have lived
together ever since, with Lairdie ruling the roost as unof-
ficial mother hen and chief housekeeper.

Although she sells her pots at craft fairs, her moon-
shine is acknowledged to be some of the smoothest brew
in the state (and is her real source of income). Lairdie is
content tomake her brew, watch over the wilder young'uns
and live out her remaining years at the freehold.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Bumpkin/Scrooge

Seeming: Grump
Kith: Boggan
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 1, Kenning 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Brewing (moonshine) 5, Crafts
(pottery) 3, Drive 1, Melee 1, Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 1, Law 1,
Mythlore 1, Politics 1

Arts: Soothsay 2, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 3,

e 3, Props 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Gremayre 1, Resources |
Glamour: 5

Willpower: 8

Banality: 5

Image: Asa mortal, Lairdie typifies what most people
think of asa "mountain woman." Her face is lined with the
cares of her early life and the constant worry for the well-
being of her missing children. She isa short, stocky woman
witha large nose and small eyes. She keeps her dark brown
hair cut sensibly short, and usually dresses in loose-fitting
clothes — either a cotton print dress or overalls and a
man's shirt. As a boggan, her features are somewhat
exaggerated, emphasizing her large, heavily callused hands.
When she is not brewing or throwing pots, she has some
kind of cleaning rag or cooking utensil in her hand.
Though no one has ever actually seen her work, the
evidence of her constant activity can be found throughout
the freehold.

Roleplaying Hints: These young'uns need a mama,
and you've been elected. It's not hard enough keeping up
with a bottomless stomach and a skittery, smooth-voiced
liar; now you have a pair of lovebirds moping around each
other and always getting underfoot. Not a one of ‘em has
a lick of sense, and sometimes you feel that the only
sensible person within spitting distance is you. You've told
them more than once that they're more trouble than
they're worth, but deep down, you know that if you didn't
have them to wofry about, you'd just sit and brood about
your kids. You're the grouch with the heart of gold. Your
companionsare your life, and you'd do just about anything
to protect them. Complain constantly, but always be there
when they need you. Save your money. Someday, you're
gonna hire the fanciest lawyer there is and get your

children back — never mind that they're probably grown
by now. :


arley Iron Jaw

Harley's parents were bikers. Before he was six, he had
traveled through five southern states and was helping strip
down bikes and rebuild them for more speed. Of course,
some of the riders complained that after Harley helped,
certain parts turned up missing. Harley was a weird kid. He
could ride a motorcycle by the time he was ten and made
metal sculptures, from the missing parts, that he sold at
race meets. Then his parents divorced. Messily. Forawhile,
Harley was jerked between the two of them as each sought
to foist him off on the other.

Knowing that neither parentreally wanted him, Harley
stole his father's best bike and left. He scraped out a living
by selling his sculptures, but was finally reduced to life on
the street. He had no food and he refused to sell the bike
(knowing he'd get only a few dollars for it without owner-
ship papers). Picking up a partially empty tin can in an
alleyway one day, he started to scrape out the leftover food
when his Chrysalis hit him. When he came out of it, he
knew two things: he was a redcap, and the can tasted just
as good as the leftovers inside it. He'd never starve again.

Even though he soon met other Kithain, he didn'tfeel
completely comfortable in the city, because nobody trusted
a redcap. When he saw the poster of himself with the
"Reward for Information" sign on it, he took itas an omen
that it was time to leave. He went to the mountains.
Unfortunately, he forgot that there weren't too many
trash dumpsters in the hills of eastern Kentucky.

Just as he was getting desperate enough to consider
eating his bike, he ran across Lairdie, who fed him and
plied him with moonshine. His presence triggered Lairdie's
own Chrysalis, and Harley stayed with her through her

transformation into the boggan she had always been.
Unlike the other Kithain he'd met, Lairdie seemed to care
what happened to him. He stayed. Then Fletcher, the
pooka, showed up and the three of them moved into High
Castle with Cianan and Arienh.

Harley is content for weeks ata time with riding along
the mountain roads and making his sculptures, but then
he'll get the urge to wander. He sometimes takes off and
rides cross-country with various motorcycle gangs or dis-
appears for weeks, searching out other freeholds or
participating in "grand gross-outs" with other redcaps. He
returned from one such venture bearing the grand prize for
some contest he refused to disclose — a silver ax, a real
faerie treasure. Wherever he goes, and no matter how long
he staysaway, though, Harley always returns to Lairdie and
his oathmates.

Court: Seelie
Wayfarer/Grotesque
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Redcap
Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,

Intimidation 2, Kenning 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Talents: Alertness

Skills: Crafts (metalworking) 4, Drive (motorcycle) 4,
Firearms 1, Melee 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1, Mythlore 1,
Politics 1, Science 1
Arts: Legerdemain 3, Primal 1
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 2, Props 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Gremayre 1, Resources 1,
Treasure (silver ax) 3
Glamour: 5
Willpower
Banality: 4

Image: Despite his bandy legs (permanently bowed
from spending much of his life straddling a motorcycle),
Harley projectsan image of compact muscularity, Both his
arms and his back are covered with tattoos — everything
from snakes to skulls to roses to fire-breathing dragons. His
lank, black hair is usually greased back and secured with a
leather thong. He wears a gold hoop in one ear, and his
wide mouth seems to contain far too many teeth. As a
redcap, his skin is gray and mottled (where it shows) and
his teeth are strong and sharp. He dresses in jeans, knee-
high boots, and a sweat-stained leather vest. He had a
motorcycle helmet once, but hunger won hands down
over legalities... he ate it!


Roleplaying Hints: You've never had much stability
in your life, but now, all of a sudden, you have a home and
afamily. Never mind that the home is really a castle built
of dreams in the middle of a strip-mined rock and that
fone of your "family" is related to you. Even though you've
all sworn oaths to each other, you can't shake the feeling
that sooner or later one or the other of your oathmates will
cotton to the fact that you're a redcap and will decide to

heave you out of the freehold. You spend a lot of time

trying to shock them with some gross behavior, just to see
how much of you they can take. So far, you haven't found
their limit — though Arienh did throw up once, and
Lairdie made you clean it up.
about all of them, you occasionally get the itch to travel

Even though you care

Here, there, doesn't matter where. You just have to go

You always come back, though. This here's home

Lord Tamhin, ThePhancom
[iddter'

Although Lord Tamlin appears as a central figure in
the story of High Castle freehold, he is not detailed here.
Lord Tamlin is an ancient faerie with the powers and
knowledge of a true bard, but he is also trapped within the
faerie glen where he played the tunes that held the gate
while his household escaped to Arcadia. Were he to leave
the glen or were it to be breached, he would likely die
within minutes. Being true fae, he has no resistance to the
force of Banality

Ifhe appears ina story, the Storyteller should feel free
to create any stats she feels are necessary to adequately
portray his grandeur, integrity and power. He ishonorable,
heroic, and utterly lonely within his circumscribed glen.
Treat him kindly

Scory Ideas

The following ideas are intended to provide Storytell-
ers with a variety of ways in which to involve their players
with the Kithain of High Castle

¢ Although Lord Dillon's efforts to find his sister were
thwarted by the magics surrounding High Castle, he has

not given up. When he can spare the time from his duties
as ruler of his freehold in the Kingdom of Apples, Dillon
patrols the Cumberland Mountains, obsessed with keep-
ing his oath. So far, only luck, and his intrinsic disdain for
the lesser Arts of the common folk, have prevented him
from tracing Arienh or Cianan through the work of the
High Castle Crafters. Occasionally, he has been known to
enlist the aid of Kithain sympathetic to his plight. He
always portrays his sister as the victim of a brutal kidnap-
ping by an Unseelie renegade. The characters could be
charged by Lord Dillon to assist him in his search. Alter-
nately, as friends of the High Castle motley, they could
stumble upon Dillon and his knights and either lead them
astray or attempt to arrange a reconciliation between
brother and sister.

© The characters may themselves be fleeing from
pursuers, either a group of Dauntain or some other threat
Losing themselves in the mountains of Kentucky, they
may be discovered and offered sanctuary by the High
Castle motley, or (if a member of House Fiona is among
them) the doorway to the underground eyrie may swing
open of its own accord. If this happens at a time when the
residents of the fortress are away at one of the local craft
fairs, the characters may think they have discovered an
abandoned freehold, and seek to lay claim to it. Warfare or
cooperation may ensue

© The legend of the Phantom Fiddler has spread
throughout the Kingdom of Willows. The characters have
need of ancient faerie magic. Nothing else will solve their
current problem, or perhaps they are just curious. Either
way, having heard the tale of a mountain bald where a
mysterious figure, thought to be one of the few true fae left
in the world, appears on nights of the full moon, the
characters set out to locate this legendary creature and
voice their petition. After fruitless attempts to penetrate
the bald, the characters hear of a group of local Kithain
believed to be able to communicate with the Phantom
Fiddler. Winning the trust of the High Castle motley and
helping them discover how to effectively contact Lord
Tamlin could involve a host of tests and challenges, as well
asa series of delicate negotiations with the nunnehi whose

charms still ward the glen.



By Jennifer Lindoery

"With unrelenting crescendo, the symphony

of a life replete with melodic progression

hastens to its finale

And a friendship that

is ours to share, its "largos" and "allegros

moves everlasting; onward, in sweet memories

Leaves of Gold

Visitors to Boston often stop and stare at the bas-relief
imprinted on the wall of the old factory at the corner of
Washington and Essex. An image of a tree with symmetri-
cal branches, it invites the observer to remember a time
when the American people fought for the right to their
own government, a time when they rose up against the
oppressive reign of British forces. But travelers hesitate to
stay long as they glance about the block with some tre

dation. The man under the plaque shakes his cup and k

for a quarter for some coffee. A child in ripped, dusty
clothing rushes past, and the travelers instinctively clutch

their wallets or purses. Gone is the Glamour of ages past

Oris it? The child darts down the alley and ducks into
a doorway. Pushing open the ancient door, he steps into
the friendly warmth of a tavern. Amiable voices greet him
from their places about the room. A gnarled hand flashes
outand beckons the lad to come sit with him and tell those
listening about the day's exploits. A smiling young woman
moves about the room, winking surreptitiously at the
handsome man in the corner. The child grins, and moves
closer to the flickering balefire. He is home.



copy of Through the Looking Glass t is Caroll. In the
center, a green dragon wraps its ceramic body lovi
ground her treasure while pondering the mysteries of ar
opal within her claw. Beside it is a pewter hand, which
holds a thin silver chain; its clear, tear-drop crystal pen:
dant sparkles in the firelight, casting a myriad of rainbows
about the room. Ifasked, patrons will swear that the crystal
holds within it the memories of thousands of people
would then direct you to John, and tell you to go ask him
the story of the necklace of memory. A simple leather t
sits on the end of the mantle tents are a mystery

Next to the hearth is a large hickory chest, which
contains a variety of relics of the past. The owner alsc
stores in it various items of amusement, including wood
carving tools, multi-colored slinkys, a translucent mar
ortwo, anda well-stocked dice bag. A worn mahogany box
holds the wooden chess fig c kers for the table
in the corner, while a leather-coated box contains hand
painted Mah Jong tiles

The second focus of the tavern is the large circular
table in the center of the room. This is the actual stump of
the original Liberty Tree. Within the freehold, the tree
stump sparkles with Glamour and appears to be a smoothly
finished table rising out of the floor. The Liberty Tree is
said to at times call new Kithain to it, awakening their

souls upon their arrival. To the tavern patrons, it is the

symbol of the freehold.

Hung along the walls are tapestries reputed to have
been spun from clouds, moonbeams and pure Glamour
They depict various scenes from th ut history, in
cluding an im: of the orig Liberty Tree, and an
illustration of the battle that occurred in
the Accordance Wars. If you watch the tapest
the Glamour interwoven with the threads seem to bring
the images to life. Horses move, guns smoke and the leaves
on the tree seems to rustle in an unseen breeze. Often
patrons can amuse themselves by watching the Accor
Jance War replayed on the large central tapestry. Many
even make claim to seeing Margaret's husband die at the
hand of the duke's men.

A large oak bar takes up the wall on tk zht, and it
is here that the drinks are mixed and served. Three chairs
are set aside for a group of eshu who make a yearly journey
to trade stories with the regulars of
grump nocker can always be
the fire, carving something out of
what time of day, or what day of the

can always be heard from one of the tavern'


|
\
(
(
\
(
(
(
(
|
\
|
|
|
|
|

In 1765, a large elm tree stood on the corner of
Washington and Essex street, known at the time as Hanover
Square. Underneath its sprawling branches, the leaders of
the Revolution met and discussed politics, current affairs
and, of course, war. In 1765, Colonel Barre issued a speech
to ish Parliament, calling these rebellious col
nists the "Sons of Liberty."

Itwas fror sprawling branches of this tree that the
Sons of Liberty hungan effigy of Andrew Oliver, the stamp
master, on August 14, 1765. It was a likeness of Oliver
with a devil's head, peering out from under a bc

s to represent Lord Brute, the prime Minster wh

Stamp Act. Lt. Governor Hutchinson ordered the

ia to remove the effigy, but it drew such large crowds

e militia feared to rouse the r of the mob and
refused the command. The Sons of Liberty took the effigy
down that night at sunset and marched it, funeral-proces
le, through town, to the Town House where the
government was discussing the affair, and finally to Fort
Hill, where they burned it in full view of Oliver's hc

ter this event, the tree became a sacred sy | of

freed r the nists, and the Sons of Liberty deter
mined to look after it, and treat it with respect and
reverence. Early in 1766, the Sons of Liberty affixed a
plaque on the tree which read, "This tree was planted in
the year of 1646, and was pruned by the orders of the Sons
f Liberty, Feb. 14 1766." On the eve of the renunciation
of the Stamp Act in May of 1766, the Liberty Tree was
draped with banners, streamers and lanterns. It was one of
st joyous occasions the town had experienced in a
y long time
The next major event occurred in connection with
the hated tea tax. In mid-December of 1 the Sons of
Liberty summoned the consignees of the tea to the Liberty
Tree to explain publicly why they could not refuse the tea
and return it to En, d. With the failure of the consign
ees to appear, the Sons of Liberty led. a mob to riot near the
Town House. All of this occurred within days of the
Boston Tea Party
It was inevitable that the Redcoats and the Tories
would desire to wreak vengeance upon this symbol that
seemed to be a focus of so much havoc in the city. And
t August day in 1 they marched on Hanover
e, intent upon destroying the tree. The next day, the
ex Gazette reported: "Armed with axes, they made a
rious attack upon it. After a lon,


Py al?

AVAAAAAs ==

frinning, sweating, swearing, and foaming, with malice
diabolical, they cut down the tree because it bore the name
liberty." And so the great tree fell, but not before its mark
was made.

After the war, the sight where the Liberty Tree once
stood became an informal landmark. In 1830, The Liberty
Tree Tavern was established, and its walls enclosed the
Liberty Tree stump. It was this tavern that drew Patrick
Drey to Boston.

Patrick Drey was too young to remember the Revolu-
tion, but he had lost his father in the war against the
British. His eshu nature inspired him to wander the east
Coast, on a quest to find his inner identity. While he often
came across Kithain, he did not feel very comfortable in
their company. After a few years of aimless wandering, he
found himself drawn to Boston, and strangely enough, to
this tavern. Upon his first sight of the Liberty Tree stump,
heinstantly recognized the location's potential to become
a freehold, and he began to seek out other Kithain who
shared his vision. Two years later he met the nocker,
Thurston Winters.

The two planned to work together to amass the
fesources to buy the tavern. Patrick had already been
working there fora few years, and the owner was getting on
in years. Tales of the ghosts of the Sons of Liberty rising up
from their graves to haunt the tavern had begun to
circulate. Most of these hauntings were, by their descrip-
tions, exceptionally terrifying, and the number of patrons
decreased drastically with the increasing number of ghostly
sightings. The owner was quick to relinquish control of the
haunted tavern to Patrick, offering his blessing on the
"cursed place." And so, on Beltaine in the year 1834, the
balefires began to glow in the Liberty Tree Tavern

Thurston began work on the hearth surrounding the

fireplace. It took him over five years to complete, but The

Fool's Gambit celebrated its official "opening" in 1839.
Patrick and Thurston meant for the tavern to be opened
to any Kithain who wished to seek its warmth. Too many
Kithain had forgotten their nature, or had lost their
connection with the Dreaming. They sought to remedy
this problem. Seelie and Unseelie alike were invited,
provided that all differences were left at the door. Within
weeks, many Kithain traveled to the new freehold. Patrick's
vision was for the tavern to be open to all, no matter what
kith or court, as tribute to the great tree that was the
foundation of the freehold. In 1841, Patrick renamed the
tavern "The Fool's Gambit."

The freehold existed in peace for nearly forty years.
The natural Glamour of the place made the inn appear old
and run-down to mortal eyes. The few children who
wished to investigate the ghost stories were quickly run out

by Chicanery and cunning. The Civil War did not affect
the freehold directly, though many of the Kithain mourned
the atrocious loss of American lives. In 1872, Patrick,
growing too old to maintain the tavern, passed the owner-
ship to a satyr named Daniel.

With the advent of the industrial revolution, Daniel
began to feel the cold clutches of Banality encroaching on
the freehold. The entire block was transformed into a row
of factories, all with abysmal working conditions. The
Kithain began to visit the tavern less and less frequently;
the trips through the city were too much for their already
tender ties to Glamourand the Dreaming. He began to fear
the mists, and worried that Banality would take over
completely. And thus, he initiated the yearly Riddle
Contest

He chose to hold the festival on the Fourth of July, in
honor of the Liberty Tree and of the Sons of Liberty. In the
corner of the tavern, he seta huge barrel where the Kithain
could submit their riddles to share with other patrons
throughout the year. He drew up the first scroll of names,
and in 1876, Daniel judged the first Riddle Contest

The first contest was mediocre in comparison to the
festivity that surrounds the contest today. There were only
seven participants, and two were eliminated in the first
round. Only the regular patrons attended the event. But
Daniel persevered, and within a few short years, the
festival had earned a name for itself among the Kithain
Local Kithain began to return to Boston once more to visit
the freehold, flocking to participate in the annual contest
Soon the winner was dubbed the "Riddle Master," and was
promised a warm seat at any time during the year. As the
size of the festival grew, it began to draw the attention of
Kithain from around the world. Multitudes would travel to
the American city specifically to try their wits against
others of their kind, and by the end of the festival most
would feel light-hearted and refreshed

The next seventy years passed rather uneventfully for
the pub. In 1969, a man who called himself Tymon walked
into Boston and declared himself duke of the city and the
surrounding area. He called forth all the commoners to
relinquish their nomadic existence and serve him. The
Fool's Gambit was at that time managed by an attractive
young boggan named Brian Murphy and his wife, Marga-
ret. Angered by the nobility's demands to recover the
feudal system, the two quickly became leaders among the
commoners. Tymon rejected any suggestions the Murphys
brought to him and the city was soon rife with chaos and
bad feelings. Commoners attacked nobility, and the nobles
replied with swift and harsh justice. Despite the violence
on their own street, nobles and commoners alike were still
stunned when they learned that Brian Murphy had been


~ ee


thecommoners. Their knowledge of the courthas enabled

the Sons of Liberty to keep an even closer eye on Duke
Tymon's activities

Margaret still continues to uphold the tradition that

anovera century ago, and invites all Kithain to

The Fool's Gambit to participate in the annual Indepen-

dence Day festival and riddle contest

The Sons of Lioercy

"Ours is not to reason why; Ours is but to do and die!

Their second goal is to keep The Fool's Gambit from
the nobles' clutches. It is the opinion of the commoners
that the tavern was formed for everyone, to stand as a
middle ground, and they eschew the idea that a baron may
own it strictly for his own uses. Many of the more fanatical
Sons of Liberty would like to see nobles banned entirely
from the freehold

In the style of all motley groups, the Sons of Liberty
are loosely org ed. If any one person could be consid
ered their le:

, it would be Margaret Murphy, the owner
of The F

meetings at the tavern and discuss strategies for subverting

— Rally of the Sons of Liberty Gambit. The Sons of Liberty often hold

The Sons of Liberty was created by Margaret Murphy

during the Accordance Wars. Modeled upon the concept the duke's rule. While membership is not restricted to
and ideals of the original Sons of Liberty, the group still Commoners, the majority of those who belong do not have

holds with many of the principlesthey onceavowed. Their _ titles. Most members do not openly voice their affiliation

main desire is to see Boston restored once again toa city With the Sons, although many are widely known to be

that is ruled by commoners, for commoners. They speak __ tive in the society. The nocker Kerem is suspected to be

ut very vocally against Duke Tymon and his rulership of __ffiliated with the Sons of Liberty, as is the street thief

the city. Autolycus.

The Riddle Concesc

Every Fourch of July, while the cicy ieself 1s busy wich 1s holiday celedracions, patrons of The
fools Gambdie are inviced co compete in the annual riddle concese. The Fools Gambrc 1s considered
neucral ground on this day, and nodlemen and commoners alike are called upon co cesc their minds
against cach orher in a concest of wit and reparcee. Any Kichain may parcicipace, as long as che rules
of che contest are strictly followed. There 18 co d¢ no ourside help, nor any use of cancrips oR ocher
types of Glamour. The parcicipane will d¢ disqualified if she 1s discovered to have viewed the riddles
prior to the celebration. A judge unl dc selected before the celebration deyins; his word 1s the law, and
none may argue wich his decisions. Adove all else, chig day 1s free from any polizics or fighcing.
Independence Oay 1s regarded as a day of Freedom For the Kichain, and shall de creaved as such. Krchain
who fail co leave all prejudices and dad feelings ourside che door will end up there themselves.

Throughour che year, a large barrel sivs in che corner of the cavern, and Kichain are urged co
drop their dest riddles, along wich the answers, inco ics depths. Akuays, by Independence Oay, che
barrel is filled wich riddles from all around the world. On the third, the judge removes the riddles and
sores them dy level of difficulcy. The convesc dcyins ac noon on che fourch. Each concescanc 1s asked
ariddle dy the judge. If chey answer correctly, they proceed to the next level; if chey do nor, they arc
removed from the contest. The riddles get increasingly more difficult as the contest proceeds, until
there are only cwo players Remaining.

When all duc cao of che players have deen chminaced, che participants are given a dReak co collect
their choughes. Play 1s resumed one hour laver, but this time, each contestant must ask che ocher
contestant a riddle — one that has nor dcen asked dcfore. This contest continues until one player has
successfully stumped their opponent three times, at which point the player is declared the winner of
this year's contest. A large party ensucs, and usually lass well inco the nexc morning.

Often, as a side effect of this contesc, all participants find themselves transfused wich a small
amount of Glamour; the longer the contest lascs, the more connected to the Oxcaming they feel. The
winner signs his name on che scroll chat 1s always present on the mancle, and 1s guaranceed a char
dy the hearch of The Fools Gambre ax any time throughout che year. (Dany Kichaiy make plans to
parcicipate, in hopes of gaining the ticle of the Riddle CDascer. [cor che last few years, Kerem has deen
declared che judge, and Kurc Thompkins has reigned as Riddle CDascer.


The Regulars

Many different Kithain have frequented The Fool's
Gambit; however, there are a group of regulars who can
almost always be found there.

CDargarec QDurphy

Margaret Murphy was born in 1945, in Boston, Mas-
sachusetts. She was fostered by the former keeper of The
Fool's Gambit, and grew up under his tutelage. She found
wielding Glamour easy, and her good nature made her a
favorite among the patrons. She often found herself won-
dering what the world would be like ifthe nobility returned,
having heard many stories of the days of their rule, and
decided she preferred things just the way they were

Margaret met Brian in early 1960. They soon fell in
love, and decided to marry. In 1965, the couple took over
The Fool's Gambit, continuing the traditions of the Riddle
Contest and the openness to all of Kithain society that the
former owners had established in previous generations
Margaret became increasingly alarmed, however, as the
news spread of Kithain nobility returning to Earth

With Duke Tymon's appearance in the city, life
quickly became more complicated for this simple woman
The commoners sought the Murphys out in hope that they
could shed some light on this disturbing situation. Marga-
retand Brian soon organized people into groups that would
watch out for the patrolling nobility. Tymon declared
himself duke, and proclaimed his intention to comman
deer The Fool's Gambit for the use of the nobility

The night that Brian died was a turning point in
Margaret's life. Without him, she felt lost and anchorless.
Though she despised the new ways and fought against the
nobility, she had never desired for any Kithain to die.
Instead, her convictions were rewarded with the death of
her beloved. She created the Sons of Liberty and became
even more vocal against the duke. Her strong leadership
was a force behind which the commoners rallied,

With High King David's proclamation of freedom,
Margaret was once more content to live a simpler life. She
soon discovered, however, that Duke Tymon had no
intention of leaving the freehold in commoner control
without any noble influence. Margaret thus kept the Sons
of Liberty together in vain hope that her beloved city
could once more come under commoner rule
Court: Seelie

Bumpkin/Outlaw
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Boggan

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

[recholds and Hidden Glens

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dod
Empathy 3, Kenning 2, Leadership 4, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Mele Music 2
Knowledges: Finance 3, Law 1, Medicine 2, Politics 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 2, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 2, Props 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Holdings 4, Gremayre 2,
Resources 2
Glamour:
Banality:
Willpower: 6
Image: Margaret appears to be a woman in her early
30s, though she is actually over 50. She towers over most
people, and hasan angelic quality andanoble bearing. Her
violet eyes are ringed with flecks of silver, and have a sadly
haunted look to them. The jeans and sweaters she nor-
mally wears look out of place on her regal frame
Roleplaying Hints: You speak softly but fervently
about your cause. You are a natural leader, and pay heed to
what those around you have to say, analyzing all the facts
with your shrewd mind. You carry a burning hatred for
those who wish to take the freehold away from the com-
moners, and do not attempt to hide this fact


(Michael Oelshire

Michael came into court when he was Sained fifteen
years ago. He swiftly rose through Duke Tymon's ranks
and was knighted on his twentieth birthday, a few days
short of completing his training at the police academy.
Life was very simple for Michael. His duties allowed him
fo remove unsavory people from the streets, and assist
people in need. He loyally followed Duke Tymon''s orders,
and had few problems maintaining his chivalric code of
honor — even in present-day society. His trusted friend
and oathfriend, a pooka named John McKroan, traveled
with him wherever he went. Together
portions of Duke Tymon's duchy, and assisted in repress-

they oversaw

ing any insurrections.
Michael's first real problems began five years ago
when he met a young woman named Alyson Damean. He
immediately fell in love with her, and began to play the
muse for her singing career. John followed him loyally,
although secretly he had misgivings about the match
Michael was stunned when he learned that Alyson re-
turned his affections, and was even more surprised to
discover that Duke Tymon had been courting the young
lady himself. When the duke learned of the affair, he flew
into a rage and forbade the young knight to see her ever
again. Michael refused the duke's command and contin-
ued to try to live within the only boundaries he knew. This
experience opened his eyes to how badly Tymon was
treating those he considered to be beneath him. When he
informed John that he was leaving court, John nodded,
and brought him immediately to The Fool's Gambit
Upon hearing his tale, the patrons were quick to welcome
this fallen knight
Michael and John have since kept a close eye on
Alyson. Michael dotes on her and gives her all he can of
the meager salary he earns as a detective for the Boston
police force. Many are worried that this romance will end
painfully, but others have a more optimistic view of the
couple's future.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Saint/Wretch
House: Liam (Affiliation)
Seeming: Wilder
Kithain: Troll
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Sharisma 2, Manipulation 2

Social Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge

Empathy 2, Kenning 2, Intimidation 2, Streetwise

3

z
Skills: Crafts 2, Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computer 1, Investiga
tion 3, Law 2, Medicine 1

Arts: Legerdemain 2, Primal 4, Wayfare |

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Prop 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Dreamers 1, Resources 2
Title 2
Glamour: 4

Treasures 3

Banality: 3
Willpower: 6

Treasures: Michael carriesachimerical bastard sword
with him to court functions, and when performing his
Kithain duties. The scabbard and hilt of the sword are
omately carved with the House Liam device, and the
1100s. When used

The sword inflicts

sword is an actual broadsword circa the
blue flame erupts around the blade
Str+5 aggravated damage

Image: Michael's mortal seeming is that of a younger
man, standing six feet four. His broad shoulders and
brooding expression ward off most potential threats. In his
fae mien, he stands seven feet six inches, and has long
blond hair and ice blue eyes

Roleplaying Hints: You are very thoughtful, and you
weigh all matters against your personal code of honor. You
are extremely loyal, and operate by the codex "My honor
is my life." Often, you frighten people with the perpetual
dark look on your face, which lifts only at the mention of

your love

Feral y

John DcKroan

Even from the days of his youth, John had always been
a teller of stories — whether they be on paper or the tall
tales he became renowned for. The girls favored him for his
impish nature, and his boyish charm. By the time he
reached high school, his peers had playfully dubbed him
"The Bard." For a time, he was content with his writing
and his playing. Then the Liberty Tree spoke to him

John was at school one day when he noticed some
thing sparkling in the distance. He blinked several times
in effort to resist the almost hypnotic call of the aban.
doned building, but his curiosity got the better of him. He
entered the run down factory, and discovered a room full
of people, and a very brightly glowing table. His percep-
tions warped, and the world went awry. He ran out of the
building, shaking his head and trying to clear his vision
from the myriad of sights which assaulted him, and ran
right into Michael Delshire, who was at that point a newly
appointed knight of Duke Tymon's court. The young
knight quickly led the confused John to a quiet area, and
explained what had happened to him. John's impish
nature and quick wits proved a good balance for Michael's
stoic nature, and they soon became close friends

John fell into Kithain society with all of the passion and
playfulness of his nature. He became a troubadour in the
duke's court, and wrote fiction on the side. He visited The
Fool's Gambit frequently to swap stories with other patrons,
and soon earned himself some notoriety at the tavern.
Before long he became enamored with the young barmaid,
Calli, and began the arduous process of wooing her.

John also became aware of the injustices Duke Tymon
was imposing upon those who patronized the tavern. He
knew of Tymon's plans to acquire the freehold for the
nobles' use, but felt powerless to help — until he began
speaking with Kerem. Kerem convinced him thathe could
make himself useful by providing information about Tymon
to the Sons of Liberty. John was all too happy to assist, and
thus began his membership with the Sons of Liberty

It came as no surprise to him when Tymon ordered
Michael to stop seeing Alyson, and even less of a surprise
when Michael declined. Thus, when Michael severed his
ties with the court, John immediately took him to The
Fool's Gambit, knowing that in the tavern he would find
those sympathetic to his plight. The two have since
become valuable allies for the Sons of Liberty
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Troubadour/Rouge
Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka (Fox)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

secholds and Pidden Glens

Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Kenning 3,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Craft 1
Knowledges:

Drive 2, Etiquette 2
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2, Literature 4,
Medicine 1, Mythlore 3, Politics 2, Science 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 1, Soothsay 3
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 3
Backgrounds: Dreamers 1, Gremayre 4, Resources 2
Glamour: 6
Banality: 3
Willpower: 4
Image: John is an attractive man with sharp features
He has shoulder-length, shaggy auburn hair and bright
blue eyes that perpetually sparkle with mischief or mirth
He is tall and slender. To the Kithain, his features are
foxlike. His hair turns a deeper shade of red, and his eyes
become more animallike. He is unusually cute fora pooka
Roleplaying Hints: The world is a stage for you to
play on — now let's have some fun! You love telling
stories, riddles, and puns and will engage anyone who sits
around long enough for you to start. But remember, even
though the world may be bleak at times, and Banality is
always at the door, we can't forget our romance! You enjoy
a good tale of romance, especially one which you can
entreat the lovely ladies to assist you in producing, You are
always on the move, or seem to be, and you always wear a
smile.


This old man can invariably be found sitting by the

fireplace carving a piece of wood. If he acknowledges the

presence of another, which is rare, he will simply bark,

"What'd you want?" Grunting something under his breath,
he will resume his carving

No one knows how old this grump nocker is. His skin
folds around his face like a blanket, and he grumbles about
the past, when times where simpler. He tells the story of
the first festival, implying that he was alive back then, but
noone hasas yet proved this to be true or false. He did fight
in the Accordance War, however, and is considered some
thing of a hero among the younger Kithain. He is
overprotective of Margaret, and threatens anyone who
would harm her
Court: Seelic
Legacies: Hermit/Scrooge
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Nocker

+ Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance: 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dod;
Intimidation 3, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfu;

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Repair 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 4,
Occult 3, Politics 2, Science 2

tdemain 1, Primal 4, Wayfare 2
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Prop 4, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Contacts 2, Gremayre 3

Arts: Chicanery

Glamour: 3

Banality: 6

This old man no longer ventures out of The
Fool's Gambit. He is always seen rocking in his chair,
working on his latest carving. His skin is creased with
countless folds, and he wears a permanent scowl. He has
white hair that hangs down in his eyes, and a long white
beard which is usually filled with crumbs
Roleplaying Hints: You love telling stories, and you
are certain that no one has heard any of your tales before
You never admit you are wrong, and you scowl frequently
even when pleased. Your hands are always busy, either
carving, or fiddling with wood

Karz Thompkins

Kurt became obsessed with puzzles at a very early age
First it was the rubix cube, and then it was crossword
puzzles. Before long, these games began to bore him, and
he turned to mystery novels; he would attempt to puzzle
out the truth before the end of the story. His parents were

proud of their intelligent son, but also worried about how


introverted he had become. He seemed more comfortable

with his puzzles and mysteries than with real people
Kurt's Chrysalis came late in life. He attended the
University of Colorado and studied archaeology; having
grown bored with ordinary puzzles, he sought to unlock the
puzzles of the past. He was participating in an archaeologi-
cal dig in Egypt when he suddenly found himself drawn
down into an unopened tomb. Once inside, the walls
sparkled and lights danced about him. There was a flash,
and he awoke to find himself outside once more, but
somehow changed
Aneshu chanced upon him, and took it upon himself
to teach Kurt the ways of the Kithain. He was fascinated
by the boy's love of puzzles, and told him of the riddle
contest held in Boston every year. One year after his
Chrysalis, Kurt traveled to Boston to watch the Riddle
Contest. From that day on, he made a point of returning
to Boston each year on the Fourth of July. Within two
years of his joining the ranks of riddlers, he was crowned
the Riddle Master, and he has retained the title for the past
three years
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Hermit/E
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Eshu
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance: 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Empathy 2, Kenning 2,
Search 4
Skills: Crafts 2, Drive 2, Survival 3, Melee 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 4, History 4,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 1, Science 3
Arts: Legerdemain 1, Primal 3, Wayfare 3

Realm:

Backgrounds: Resources 2,

Actor 1, Fae 1, Prop 2, Scene 3
remayre 2, Mentor 2
Glamour: 4
Banality: 5
Willpower: 5

Image: Dark-skinned and slender, Kurt is about six
feet tall. There is little difference between his Kithain and
mortal seemings, with the exception of his eyes. When
seen by Kithain, they are a deep midnight blue, and seem
to stare though everything. He is always looking around;
his eyes do not settle on anything for any length of time —
unless it is a puzzle.

Roleplaying Hints: Everything is a puzzle. You speak
only infrequently, and many are surprised to hear the deep
bass voice that emerges from such a slender form. You are

somber and thoughtful — you only rarely laugh.

[recholds and Pidden Glens

Aucolycus

Autolycus made his debut in The Fool's Gambit two
years ago. He walked in cheerfully and announced that he
was Kithain and that he was here to have some fun. He
would not speak of where he came from, but rather
explained that he had decided to settle here on the streets
of Boston. He even refused to give a name, at which point
John dubbed him Autolycus, from Shakespeare's The
Winter's Tale.

Autolycus took an immediate liking to Kerem, and
often brings the old grump small gifts, especially any
unique pieces of wood that he happens to chance upon
The two quickly became inseparable; they are commonly
seen in the tavern working together on some project or
another. Kerem and Margaret soon took on the role of
surrogate parents to the boy, and they have since become
familiar with his unusual schedul

A year ago, Autolycus cheerfully decided that he
wished to become a member of the Sons of Liberty, arguing
that his street smarts would be a valuable asset, and that he
wished to do whatever he could to help the cause. Margaret
was uncertain, but allowed him to join. Since then, he has
proved true to his word. He seems to have an uncanny
knack for discovering Tymon's secrets, and has become a
reliable information source for the Sons of Liberty. His past,
however, still remains a mystery to Margaret and Kerem.

Besides having a good ear, Autolycus, as a child,
discovered a system of secret passageways that run through
the duke's large house in Cambridge. These are invaluable
to his spying endeavors. Autolycus was but a small child


when he observed Tymon's brutal treatment of his com-
moner mother. She had failed to perform her duty to his
liking, and so he lashed her with a whip. Shortly after this
scene, his mother ran away from the household, leaving
the child to his own devices. Within months, he became
hardened to the duke's iron-fisted rule, and vowed to help
bring about his demise. He spent several years searching
for the one person who he thought might help him —
Margaret Murphy. His mother had told him stories of how
valiantly she fought during the Accordance Wars. In the
Sons of Liberty, he has found the family he lost while
within Duke Tymon's grasp.
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Outlaw/Paladin
Seeming: Child
Kith: Pooka (weasel)
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Streetwise 4
Skills: Firearms 1, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3, Mythlore 3
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 4, Wayfare 1
Realms: Fae 2, Nature 3
Backgrounds: Dreamers 2, Mentor 2, Resources 1
Glamour: 5
Banality: 2
Willpower: 4
Image: Autolycus dresses in rags, even if given the
opportunity to dress better. He is perpetually in a good
mood, or at least he gives the pretense of being happy. He
hasan impish face, and resembles weasel in Kithain form
Roleplaying Hints: You observe everything closely;
after all, you never know when you may be able to use the
information. You have a quick wit, and never pass up an
opportunity to play a practical joke. Your ultimate goal is
to help bring about Tymon's demise, and thus avenge
your mother.

Ehzadech hice

Elizabeth Whitt was Embraced in the early 1920s by
an unknown Malkavian Redcoat, who was enamored with
her good looks, her enchanting voice, and her talent for
painting. He thought to dominate her and present her to
the vampire prince as a gift. Fortunately for Elizabeth,
things did not go as he had planned. He disappeared the
night of her Embrace and no one has seen him since. After
her Embrace Elizabeth stumbled blindly through the city
confused about her new state of being

The Malkavian Redcoats quickly found her and
brought her into their circle of British Malkavians. Eliza
beth, dismayed to discover the internal politics that rocked
her clan, faded into her own quiet world, where she was
free to be her own person. Her paintings became tortured
pieces, filled with hatred and sadness.

Her work soon came to the attention of a changeling
named Scott. He began to visit her, not knowing that she
was a vampire. He grew to pity this woman who suffered
such torment, and endeavored to help to alleviate her
grief. She came to him one night, crying tears of blood and
pleading for him to help her to escape the horrible politics
that had torn her clan asunder. Sympathetic to her plight,
he took her to the only place he could think of The
Fool's G:

She became a favorite among the grumps.

abit. Here, she found a small amount of solace

She has stayed within the safety of the tavern for the
past sixty years, and her dementia has increased to such a
point that she believes herself to be Kithain. During the
Accordance War, she used her Obfuscate abilities to hide
herself among the court and garner information for the
commoners. Her quiet nature and caring heart has en-
deared her to many Kithain, and thus she is permitted to
remain within the confines of the tavern, so long as she
does not cause problems.

Sire: Preston

Clan: Malkavian

Chapcer Two: The Fools Gamor


Generation: 10th

Haven: The Fool's Gambit

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, F
Expression 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Music 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, L Medicine 2
Mythlore

Background

mpathy 4,

inguistics 2

Generation 3, Resources 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Presence 3, Obfuscate 2,
Fortitude 2
Conscience: 4, Self - Control: 3, Courage: 2
Willpower: 5
Humanity: 7
Merit: Faerie Affinity

Image: She is a short woman with shoulder-length
auburn hair. She always wears a faint smile, though her
green eyes seem haunted.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a commoner Kithain,
just like everyone else. Always feeling vulnerable next t

the strength of the others, you keep your eyes averted and

speak softly. You go out of your way to help others

Alyson Oameon

Alyson was born to a normal upper-class family in
Cambridge. She and her parents both understood that she
Julliard. She excelled in piano, buther real talent lay inher

It was at a recital that Michael first recognized her
talent. He became enthralled with her voice, and made a
point of becoming acquainted with her after the perfor
mance. Alyson was flattered that such a dashing young
man would be interested in her, and soon grew to return his

affections. methi

Their relationship quickly became s¢
much deeper than friendship, and she has since become
very devoted to him

Alyson was confused when Michael withdrew from
her several years ago. What she did not realize was that
Michael was busy extricating himself from entanglements
with the court due to their affair. However, she also did not
question when he returned to her a few months later

Currently, their relationship is steady. She dotes on his

best friend, John, and enjoys both his and Michael's
company. They are both very supportive of her singing
career, though Michael has warned her about the disad-
vanta; f fame
Physica
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 3,

: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Alertness 2, Expression 4
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Music 4, Performance 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Fame 1, Resources 3
Willpower: 3
Humanity: 8

Image: Alyson is a slender woman, with shoulder
length auburn hair that delicately frames her face. Her
appearance is more innocent than most, and her green
eyes look at the world with kindness and concern

Roleplaying Hints: You always smile with a quiet
grace. The world around you concerns you greatly. You are
deeply in love with Michael, and hope that one day he will
ask you to marry him, but you are content to wait. You will
do anything to help Michael, John or any of their friends


Scory Ideas

* The Sons of Liberty are holding a meeting at The
Fool's Gambit. They are trying to entice the characters to
join their cause, and are giving very good arguments, when
Autolycus bursts into the room and warns everyone that
the duke's men are on the way. Suddenly, Duke Tymor
men show up to arrest the Sons of Liberty for treason. The
characters, unfortunately, are sitting with the Sons and are
accused as well. Do they stay and fight? Or do they flee
with the other members of the Sons? Do the characters
secretly support the duke

© The Glamour produced by the freehold begins t
decrease, causing a great deal of worry among the Kithain.
Why, after so many years, is this happening? Is there some
external force siphoning the Glamour away? Or has the
Liberty Tree been affected by something? How can you
find out?

© The characters discover that a local buildir
pany has decided to revitalize the area surrounding the
tavernas part of an urban renewal plan. They are planning
to tear down the old factory building to make way for new
construction. How can you work together to keep the
tavern without revealing your true nature to the mortals?

© Duke Tymon has issued a proclamation stating that
The Fool's Gambit will be put under a baron's rule in a few
short days. The statement leaves no room for argument
The general sentiment of the surrounding area is outrage
and anger at the tyrannical ruling. Margaret is up in arm
and ready to start another war with the Seelie Court. Is
there any way around this issue, short of outr war?

© Itis discovered one night at The Fool's Gambit that
one of the objects on the mantle is missing! What impor
tance does this item carry, and who would steal it from a
freehold? You must find the answers to these riddles, and
retrieve the stolen treasures.

© The characters are all loyal retainers of the duke. He
has sent them to The Fool's Gambit to infiltrate the Sons
of Liberty and to assist in regaining the freehold for the
court. How are they going to convince Margaret and her
band that they are loyal to their cause? Will Michael

the characters? What will happen to the charac
ters if their identities are discovered

© The vampires have finally discovered where Eliza
beth spends her time. Many have never heard of the
Kithain, and are curious to find out more about your
society. There isa definite schism between the Malkavians
nd Elizabeth pleads for the characters to help her escape
the violence of vampire politics. Meanwhile, the vampire
prince of the city has requested a meeting with a delega
tion from The Fool's Gambit. Will you assist Elizabeth, or

try to work out a deal with this vampire prince

Chapzer Two: The Lools Gamo



_—


1969: The Accordance War

The silver crumpecer swans cook flight, wheeling mournfully chree times around the vaulced
ceiling of the grimy train scacion. Ths eyes narrowed co regard chem as they deparced one dy one.
Great warlord Oafyll, Ouke of Six and a atf, Keeper of che Nighz's End Trod, lay dying in a pool
Of blood. Noc all of 1 was his. The darcle that had raged so furiously adouc Times Square Scacion
only a few minuces before had moved elsewhere. Now there was only the muffled sound of che carly
morning commucers, striding oblivious through che carnage.

Is eyes welled wich cears of pain and diccerness. To dic in glorious barcle was che wish of many
in his house, duc his was co be a death born of cReachery. The caccered remnanes of the 4ch Troll
Commons Infancry had pressed his personal encourage hard in desperace ambush. Lady Sierra and
his main force were mopping up commoner Resistance in the village of Greenunch, coo far away co
lend aid. Ne remembered admiring the tenacity of his croll foe men. Oespice their inferior numbers,
they were warriors in the cruest sense. Ths encourage reeled dack, shocked by che ferocity of the
onslaughe. Ne remembered his covey, Lady Redd, Ooccor Coma, and Sir QDarx, daccling by his side.

‘Taghe on! Lady Sierra knows of our phghe and sends aidl A he, duc a necessary one. A guscy
hurrah Rose from the lips of his men as they found new courage in his clarion cry. haccled, Our
emboldened, they Foughe wich renewed vigor. Still, chey slouily lose ground, recreating farcher nico
the scation. Dis grcat sword Cahdurn was in his hand, flashing wich che silver-dlue flame chat was
1s hallmark. The trolls shouced in dismay as they faced Oafyll alone in che narrow confines of che
scacion curnsziles. Ths Nouse's dlood sang che warrior song in his veins. The fear in che faces of his
enermes came steer co his eyes. Wiech Cahourn in hand he feared no froncal accack, And chen a pain
suddenly scared his dack. Ne sau a most familiar, duc nfuriacingly unidencifiadle blade procrude From
his chest. Scadded from dchind! The world spun abouc him as he fell inco a swoon of midnight black.

he awoke. Blood rushed in his cemples. The last of the swans deparced, cheir sony echoing ico
ecernicy. Ne lay alone. Curse me for ever having put my crust in an Unseehie frecholds word! Dis
soul, if such he had, was rapidly departing as well. iat felc che cold sceel of Cahiourn deneach him. Eyes
closed, he summoned his will for one final act, an act of vengeance.

"Whar would you wich me, my lord?"

s eyes opened. Adove him, as radianc, as diaphanous, as wondrous as when he firse, in his youch,
had seen her, was che Lady of che Sword. Ne coughed dlood.

‘I deparc chis life, bur before | do, | claim final Resolucion, as 1s my Right as your dcarcr."

She nodded her consenc.

‘Lam undone dy low nocker treachery from deepesc Godlin Town, Oeceic has accomplished whac
Force of arms could noc. CDy ansh, chen, 1s For Revenge. Lec their finest wine be forever more sour ac
cheir hps. Lee all of their arcifice and guile d¢ curned against chem. Turn this way or char, may chey
d¢ ensnared ever tighter in the weds of cheir own decerc. Lec cheir eyes de dlinded to che cRuch of cheir
descruction uncil, coo lace, iscands naked and shining d¢efore them. In che end, lec all cheir great conceics
come to naughe due brever ashes. Such 1 my final wish."

"Your unl! de done. | have liccle work co do in chis maccer, however, for they have already sown
the seeds of their own destruction, she said. There was the fire of che forge in her cyes, and scecl in
her voice. Then she regarded him tenderly, her eyes again their accustomed gold. Perhaps (he fancied),
she dlanched shghcly. Curses were noc in her nacure.

"Farewell. | regree chis parcing, For you were a kindly maszer, but already my new mascer calls
me co a greacer Odn. Der voice faded, replaced by the caws of che chimerical SCAVENGER CRO
already alighting amongst the dead.

Fare you well," he gasped. ‘I place the fich-fach upon you. CDay your new mascer love you as | have
loved you. her silver Flame sudsided as her face receded inco the long and final blackness of hs dying.

ord Oafyll died in peace, knounng chat he would noc be the fase.

[reeholds and Midden Glens


Q
eee aS CoN

freehold's secret passages (there are hundreds) are luxuri

ously appointed affairs of dark mahogany paneling,
hold's floors
are for the most part a fine wood parquet, adorned with

Jecorated with minor art treasures. The fr

oriental rugs. There is also a wide array of stained glass
work, back-lit by oil lamps. An assortment of the nockers'
cleverest inventions decorate the freehold, and hundreds
of artificial creatures wander its halls. These constructs are
clockwork masterpieces, animated by Glamour. They come
in every breed and variety (brass storks, jade alligators,
silver dragonflies, gold leopards with onyx inset spots,
etc.) and outnumber the freehold's changeling inhabit-
Most of the
rudimentary intelligence, and they can become a formi:

ants ten to one e chimerical creatures have a
dable force if called upon to defend the freehold. So
Jazzling is the freehold's appearance that most newcomers
fail to see the fiendish (and occasionally sadistic) intelli
gence that underlies every detail of its construction. The
freehold's architecture is a mechanical marvel of the
highest order, and, in a sense, is itself alive.

The inhabitants of Goblin Town thrive on paradox,
riddles and outright deception. Nothing in the freehold is
s it first seems. (Actually some things are, but that's just
tokeep them guessing.) Itis an M.C. Escher drawin
to life. Stairs that seem to go up are built at such an angle

that they actually go down. Doors open onto brick walls,

or sheer 100' drops. Hallways, stairs, rooms, even entire
floors are built on a hidden (and completely silent) system
of rollers, tracks, pulleys and switching stations. The hall
that went to the library yesterday, goes to the kitchen

and a subway tunnel tomorrow. Parts of the com
x have thick plate-glass floors, allowing one to see other
floors, and some of the machinery behind the scenes. The
structure is powered, in part, by the tidal energy of the East
River. As the various rooms shift, the stained glass win:
dows reflect a constantly changing kaleidoscope of colors
across the walls of the freehold. Some of these patterns
form arcane and mysterious symbols, which may grant a
deeper insight into the freehold's inner workings. The
entire complex changes its outside configuration com
pletely, cycling from a roughly crab-shaped design to a
series of interconnected rings and back over the course of
1 year (beginning and ending at Beltaine)

The freehold carries out this amazing transformation
unnoticed and unconstrained by New York's own densely
packed construction. The freehold's gyrations pass by
subway stations, private basements, sewer tunnels and
power lines with impunity. Most of the freehold's cycle is
preordained and carefully planned by its Master Builder. It
also has a random element, however. Whether this ran.
Jom element is determined by some design eccentricity of

the freehold's founder (Dr. Tapp — see History), or i


Some nockers hint darkly that it is caused by
sinister agent; they point out that the random factor has
only appeared recently as proof. Certainly odd things have
happened of late. Because of this random element, even
long-time inhabitants of the { get lost from time t
time. The frechold's shifting nature has proved to be an
ideal defense — the location of its entrances also change
Few of Goblin Town's inhabitants are familiar with all
of the freehold's complexities (Dr. Coma, Isaac Glass and
Rat Breath know the most). The secret passages m
well. It is every nocker childling's dream to find an undi
cov ret passage; rumors of hidden treasure in
locations are commonplace. The freehold's growth ha
paralleled the over the years. Each new element i
built in careful accordance with master plans left by |
Tapp, which have been carefully preserved by the fre¢
freehold's steady growth with the city's construction. The
freehold has purchased much of the surrounding property

in order to allow for continued expansion

Much of the t

isdone by human:
enchanted andset
yrants (peopl

however, are skill
freehold, as well as

The nock:

to work in the bla

city. For the most part, the r

Goblin Town have

ing.) These are m

In addition t

construction has

f Goblin T

Ir

work in the fr
ccasional raids t
these

ne will miss). Some of th abducted

|
1a

ork to beautify th

upply Glamour. (The inhabitant

no moral prohibitions against Rava

readily missed.

this trouble

inhabitants have their feet firmly

alliances are mercuri

er twe

reasingly frenetic

Joubtful that I

Chapz«

reand

th

nd the Goblins hay

1 result of this pract

in to foster a degree of para

In the vertiginous y

ind few

n the ground. Politi

th

nventions change

freehc

1) has manage

TI

in recent ye

ar

will last mt

Three

Goohir

Town


reeholds and Midden Gler

Discory

Goblin Town is one of the oldest Kithain freeholds in
Concordia. In 1664, DoctorZachary Tapp, the mad nocker
architect, mathematician and mystic, fled London (for
what he later described as "health" reasons). His rapid
departure coincided with the English seizure of New
Amsterdam (now New York) from the Dutch. The earliest
Kithain population of Manhattan consisted mostly
pooka, and the wily Dr. Tapp quickly gained deed to the
pooka's property. He paid little more for it than the
twenty-four dollars originally paid to the native peoples
for New York (thus reinforcing the nocker opinion of
pooka gullibility). What the po: failed to mention,
however, was that they had only recently stolen the land
from the native nunnehi, and the nunnehi were waging an
active campaign to reclaim it. The pooka were almost
indecently eager to get rid of the land, and the nockers
were more than willing to comply (thus reinforcing the
pooka opinion of nocker gullibility). The nockers spent
the next twenty years in bloody combat with the nunnehi

Tapp quickly discovered the reason for the nunnehi's
fanatical desire to regain the area. Far beneath the island's
surface was a natural Grotto of great potency. The Black
Crystal Caverns (see »w) were a source of naturally
occurring Glamour far more potent than he had dared

ine. Word spread quickly in the nocker community

saw in the situation an ideal opportunity to realize
his life-long dream of creating a living, moving piece of
architectural sculpture. Every aspect of the freehok
earliest subterranean structure was carefully designed to
coincide with the structure of the growing city; its integra
tion with the surrounding city has been almost seamless

The freehold became extremely wealthy by selling g

to both human and Kithain alike. In its early days, Goblin

Town consisted merely of a series of tunnels, no more than
two stories deep. As construction practices improved,
however, its roots grew deeper and deeper into the island
Doctor Tapp vanished mysteriously in 1750, but left his
master plans behind; the Kithain scholars who have seen
them divine that there is some mystical significance to
them, although they do not comprehend what it is. The
blueprints were followed almost exactly over the following
years, changing only to accommodate New York's own
growth needs. Construction continues through the present
(Excitement is currently high, because the Master Builder
is predicting completion in five years.)

By treaty, trickery and luck the nockers have sur
vived, and even flourished, in spite of the coming of the
other sewer dwellers. They have been careful not to appear

too expansionist, instead keeping to a policy of entrench


ment. Defensively, they are in a better position than most

Tesidents of the city's sewers, and for the most part, Goblin

Town has managed to avoid involving itself in most other

Supernatural affairs. It was only during the Accordance

Wars of the late 1960s that the freehold was thrust briefly

into the limelight: The warlord Dafyll was crushing com-

Moner resistance up and down the east coast, and up to the

time of his death, the freehold offered its aid and loyal

Service. Despite its strong royalist loyalties, the freehold
somehow managed to be in the cat-bird seat when the
More egalitarian powers of High King David emerged
Victorious. The details of how this happened are nebulous;
some Kithain (especially certain sidhe) mutter of base
betrayal by the Goblins. There are even rumors that Dafyll
was murdered by a member of his own coterie; nothing,
however, has been proven where this matter is concerned
Since that time the freehold has thrived under David's
benevolent eye. Shortly after the Accordance War, the
frechold's current leader, Cadmium Redd, came to power
Over the last few years, the freehold has been experienc-

ing a greatly increased amount of chimerical activity. The
appearance of chimerical monsters has disrupted the freehold's
operations, causing some residents great anxiety. The nockers
are currently investigating the origins of this increased activ-
ity, but so far have had little success in discovering the source.

Tricks, Traps, Treachery

Goblin Town is not an easy place in which to get

around, even for long- time inhabitants. The constantly
shifting nature of the place and the nockers' love of traps,
puzzles and conundrums has both helped and hurt the
freehold's security. Dr. Tapp's grand design leaves room for
agood deal of individual expression, and any nocker worth
her hammer wants to put her own stamp on a project
Unfortunately, several centuries of nockers adding their
own "personal touches" has led to some inevitable confu-
sion. No one in the freehold (except Isaac Glass) is
familiar with all of the grotto's idiosyncrasies. Although
most of the time the freehold's residents can easily find
their way from one place to another, the structure's ran-
dom element always remains a potential problem. At least
once during the freehold's history a troop of defending
soldiers was forced to stop and decipher a mind- bending
puzzle before proceeding on their way. Some of these
"embellishments" are set to go off at a given time or upon
acertain occasion, and may not activate until decades (or
even centuries) after their creator's death

Most of the traps in the freehold require a person to
solve some sort of intellectual puzzle (often a riddle) in
order to avoid its activation. These puzzles might be asked
by achimerical creature, or written on an engraved panel

that pops out of the wall when the trap is activated. Any
attempt to evade the trap without answering the puzzle
will activate it automatically. The difficulty of these traps
ranges from childish to Byzantine. Every riddle must have
an answer and all such additions to the freehold must be
cleared with the Master Builder. Awards are given for
particularly devious ones, but, in keeping with nocker
dourness, there is little in the way of public adulation

There is a wilder clique that has made a full-time
occupation out of deciphering everyone's tricks. Gener-
ally, ninety percent of all new riddles are known by
everyone in the freehold within a week of their creation.
The type of conundrums posed by these additions are
many and varied; the Storyteller should allow her imagi-
nation to run wild. Puzzles may be keyed by word pu:
logic puzzles, musical phrases, or any number of other
systems. No highly specialized knowledge (i.e., quantum
physics, the occult, the Romantic poets) should be re-
quired to solve any puzzle. The vast majority of these tricks
do not involve actual traps, but instead hide surprises to
challenge and delight the freehold's residents. Nocker
inventions, toys and dross are hidden in secret places,
waiting to be discovered. If the players' characters run into
a puzzle, they should be given a chance to solve it; if they
are unable to do so, an Intelligence + Enigmas roll (diffi-
culty and number of successes required varies) may be
allowed. Every inhabitant of Goblin Town should be
considered to have at least one level in Enigmas

Most of the lethal traps that are likely to go off under
normal circumstances are common knowledge to every
one in the freehold. There are, however, a few nasty ones
that are not generally known about. These tend to be in
higher security areas (Cadmium Redd's chambers, Dr
Coma's library, the Master Builder's sanctuary, etc.) Only
certain Kithain are allowed in these areas, and snooping is
frowned upon. The puzzles in these rooms often do require
specialized knowledge and are almost impenetrable to
outsiders. The penalties for failing to negotiate these traps
are swift and horrible. Whirling cold iron blades, mon
strous chimera, and showers of molten iron are but a small
sampling of the pitfalls that await intruders. One unique
trap is in an antechamber of the Master Builder's quarters;
here, unwelcome visitors are subjected to a rapid-fire
string of riddles posed by a sinister, chimerical jester. If
they get one wrong, the entire steel-shuttered room (and
everyone in it) is shunted at lightning speed by the world's
largest catapult, out of the complex and into the east river.
The jester goes along for the ride, mocking the victims as
they plunge toward their doom. The trajectory is calcu-
lated to be hidden from casual observers. There are rumors
of even more devious traps, designed by Dr. Tapp, that
have yet to be discovered.

Chapcer Three: Godin Town 45


The Curses

When Lord Dafyll died he hurled a curse of consider-

able potency at Goblin Town. This curse alone would be a
serious threat to the freehold's existence, but it is only one
of the inherent flaws underlying the grotto. The first threat
is the nature of the freehold itself. The Glamour upon
which it draws is unusually chaotic in nature. As a result,
Goblin Town's inhabitants, unlike most changelings, are
more likely to face the insanity of Bedlam than the prob-
lems of Banality. This chaotic nature also means that the
freehold is a nexus for chimerical activity. Although most
of these incursions have merely been a nuisance, some
have been truly horrific and have resulted in fatalities. The
chimera that spring from the freehold's Glamour are of a
particularly devious strain and often try to obfuscate the
Goblins' sense of reality. Most of the freehold's residents
would argue that this is a worthwhile price to pay for such
apotentsource of Glamour. Some even like the chimerical
incursions, and find them useful for creative reasons. This
is only the tip of the icebe

When Dr. Tapp desig

accordance with certain arcane principles. His hope was

ed the freehold, he did so in

that, over time, the freehold's structure would act as a
magnifying lens, allowing for more efficient use of the grotto's

[reeholds and Pidden Glens

Glamour reserves. Although his plan was brilliant, he badly
miscalculated the effects of his design; instead of focusing the
ambient Glamour, the freehold is fracturing it, thus making
itall the more chaotic and unstable. The opposite effect has
been set in motion by the secret experiments of Cadmium
Redd. Like some other Unseelie Kithain, she is foolishly
experimenting with harnessing Banality. Although she has
realized some short-term benefits, her work is antithetical to
the chaotic nature of the freehold, and will eventually either
destroy the freehold as a source of Glamour, or cause it to
rebel completely against the Banality straight-jacket im-
posed by her cantrips. If the other nockers find out about her
experiments, they will certainly rebel as well

These factors, along with Dafyll's curse, are rapidly
reaching fruition, and the Goblins, sensing this fact, are
becoming increasingly unhinged. In fact, there are several
small doomsday sects in the freehold. Of these, the Chil
dren of the Sword are the most militant and bloodthirsty;
they represent everything bad that Seelie changelings say
about Unseelie. The Children know that David's sword,
Caliburn, was hidden in the freehold for a time, and they
interpret this to be an omen to shed blood. (Their loyalty is
to the sword, not King David.) The Children often go up to
the surface to cause trouble. They are vicious, even by


Unseelie standards; among their other crimes, they are

known to have c icted human es. How much

King David knows about this (and about Dafyll's curse) is
merely a matter for speculation; thus far, he has d

nothing to intercede. Although the freehold may seem
doomed, the Goblins are actively seeking out the source of

theirproblems. It is possible that they may yet beat the odds.

[utcon QDarkex

Goblin Town doesn't conduct business with other

it has purchased a
‘ket in south Manhat

ely see rs selling

Kithain within the freehold. Instead
number of stalls at the Fulton Fish M:
tan, Humans who shop here will

and other

their wares. Kithain, however, will notice nocke

changelings among the crowd. These merchants sell both fish

tothe mundane crowd, and extraordinarily crafted weapons,

tools and luxury to the chang who frequent the

market. Kithain from other freeholds up and down the east
coast also come here to buy and sell, thus lending the market
the lively and frenetic air of a full faerie bazaar. Far and wide
the place is known as the Goblin Market. Occasionally

normal humans may "accidentally" get hold of some nocker
craft; this invariably brings them bad luck. Market hours start
at midnight and end around eight o'clock in the morning
Recently, part of the Fulton Market burned to the ground in

While the police

crime, the Goblins have their «

organized

an unexplained fire suspect

The Black Crystal Caverns

At the freehold's core, deep below the city's surface

are the Black Crystal Caverns. The walls of this grotto are

glistening black and rose quartz, which give off an eerie and

pulsating luminescence. The glow appears only to thos¢

gifted with faerie sight. The cave is perpetually shrouded in
a freezing, white mist, the source of which is unknown
These c of the freehold's Glamour

Although the Goblins occasionally come here to replenish

aves are the wellsprir

their Glamour, it is an unsettling, and often d 1S,

experience. To reach the caves, the changeling mu
undertake a long and arduous descent through steep and

narrow tunnels. The Caverns are over 5( n, beneath

the general construction of the city. Surprisingly, the air
seems fresh, but thin (like that found on the highest
taintops). Those who come to draw Glamour from
caves invariably suffer hallucinations of the most

rt. At first the changeling might only notice

if the lights, which echo wildly through the

‘og. Next she will hear sibilant whispers and other fearsome
noises. Bit by bit, the cave transforms itself, creating a mad
cap arena from the changeling's own dreams and memories.
The true horror of these visions lies in their subtlety

The ct

the minute

ing forgets where she isand becomes abs«
»-minute experience of the nightmare t

woven around and within her. The cave's illusion:


than merely pose horrific physical threats; monstrous chi-
mera are but a piece of the milieu. There is a strong
psychological component to these visions: the changeling
finds herself faced with her own flaws and hidden fears. The
Storyteller should be creative in tailor-making the night
marish scenarios tofiteach character. The visionsare different
each time the character visits. If the changeling successfully
grapples with these visions (Willpower roll, difficulty 7, two
successes needed) she completely restores her supply of
ed. If the character
fails to face her fears, however, she will find herself in the

Glamour. This can be a potent tool ind

Second Threshold of Bedlam, unable to deal with the mun-
dane world in any but the most limited ways. This effect lasts
up toamonth (Storyteller's discretion). Ifthe player botches
the roll, the character is not only in a state of Bedlam, but
loses a permanent dot in all mundane Abilities involving
modern technology (i.e., Drive, Firearms, Computer, Sci-
ence). There have been changelings who have ventured into

the Caverns and disappeared, never to return

New York Dolizics

Goblin Town has been careful not to cross swords
with the many groups battling for supremacy in New York
Among the Gallain, the vampires who call themselves the
Sabbat are easily the most powerful presence in the city
Their grip is hotly contested by another group of vampires.
Other groups, such as the werewolves (See Rage Across
New York), are also contenders in the battle for the city
Most of these are unaware of the freehold (with a few
notable exceptions) and the Goblins have worked to keep
it this way. For the Kithain, New York is a major cross
roads, The high court of Tara-Nar is just north of the city
in the Catskill Mountains. Within the city, a few mere
miles away from the Goblins, is the Winter Palace of King
David

throughout Concordia. Goblin Town's location near these

Both of these courts are a mecca for Kithain

two important freeholds has made it rich and powerful, as
well as strategically important. Several groups have, for
their own reasons, secret designs on the freehold. It is
rumored that the recently returned "true" Unseelie court
has investigated it thoroughly

Aihes

Due to their disagreeable natures and the occasional
atrocities that are attributed to them, the Goblins do not
have many friends. Their only stable allies come from a
most unexpected source. The Goblins have cultivated a
working relationship with a local sect of mages known as
the Sons of Ether. Nockers and the Sons of Ether both have
common underlying assumptions when it comes to their
magic/craft/pseudo-science (call it what you will). Goblin

[reeholds and Pidden Glens

The Ghascly

The Ghascly 1s an ancient deing of inhu-
man intelligence and malice. Ic 1s a crcacure of
chaos and sheer, undridled Glamour. The
nunnehi knew of 1c and did baccle wich 1 in
pase millennia. Lor cencuries, 1c has deen
dormant in the Oreamrealms surrounding
New York Cicy. Ics slumbering consciousness
13. cencered in che Black Cryscal Caverns, and
serves as the source for much of the.frecholds
Glamour. The Godlins have unknowingly
drawn power from ics chaocic dreams for
many cencuries. In recurn, 1c has fed off cheir
dreams and cheir creacivicy (in effecc, Ravay-
ing chem), processing this back inco che chaoric
Glamour thar 18 che Frecholds crademark. If
the nockers are aware chac che Ghascly
exists, Ic 1s only on the most subconscious
level. None of chem (excepe, perhaps, Or.
Tapp) have ever guessed chat chere is an
overriding incelligence co the grocco. The
Ghascly 1s sudcle, even in slumdcr. Ie has
insinuated aspeces of ics Consciousness Inco
every nook, cranny and soul in che frechold.

The chimera char plague che frechold
also draw their sudscance from ic. In waking
form, che Ghascly manifests as a dense, rolling
white fog. Colors flash chrough 1 and mhu-
man screams emanace from izs cencer. In chis
form, 1c 18 visible co changelings and mundane
creacures alike. Any Garou encountering 1c
would notice that 1c 18. a creature of che UUyld
corrupted dy the CUyrm, a force of nacure
char is cunsced and evil. Ies primary power is
the creacion of doch incredibly sophiscicaced
Mlusions and chimera (Legerdemain 5, Chica-
nery 5, Sovereign 5). Because 1c lacks physical
sudscance, the Ghaszly cannot de descroyed
éy conventional means, Cadmium Redd ex-
perimencs wich Banalicy have discurded ics
slumber; it has already opened one eye.

Town isan Ether mage's idea of heaven. This commonality
of interest has lead the Sons to generally overlook the
nocker's unwholesome reputation. The nockers, in return
have been very honest (uncharacteristically so) in theit
dealings with the mages. Goblin Town has a tentative, but
slowly growing, alliance with these mages.


Chemies

Despite its low profile, Goblin Town has a number of
§) acquaintances who regard it with anything from guarded
mistrust to out-right hostility. The nunnehi continue to
cast a baleful eye on the freehold, even after all these
centuries. The Goblins have also raised the disapproba-
tion of the Beltaine Blade, a secret group of sidhe loyalists,
Who have not forgotten the freehold's alleged part in
Dafyll's death. The Beltaine Blade also has contempt for
King David, whom they consider to be too much of a
populist. On the other side of this coin, one of the
freehold's most important personages (Dr. Coma) is a
member of the Ranters, a radical commoner's group which
despises the sidhe and all changeling loyalists. The free-
hold has even gained the secret enmity of a Ventrue
yampire elder (see Dr. Tapp in London, below). Goblin
Town's most consistent and active enemies, however, are
human and Garou. The freehold's practice of abducting
homeless people into slavery has engendered implacable
hatred of both of these groups. A collection of the city's
homeless tirelessly hunts for the freehold's location. Led
byabrother and sister team of Dauntains, they have come
close on several occasions. A far greater threat is posed by
the Garou Bone Gnawer pack known as the Circus Lupus
(see the Werewolf supplement, Project Twilight). The
Circus consists of young Garou who consider it their duty
They know about the
freehold (though not its exact location) and are bitterly

to protect the city's homeless

opposed to it. Goblins who run into the Circus Lupus are
not likely to survive the encounter. Many residents of
Goblin Town smell faintly of the Wyrm, to Garou with the
Gift, Sense Wyrm (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 9)

Groups

The whirlwind of politics surrounding the freehold
has given rise to a number of factions. The following are

some examples.

The Rancers

The Ranters are a radical circle of changeling com-

moners who despise royalty. They have existed since the
17th century and may have been behind the human group
of the same name. Politically they are Anarcho-Syndical-
ist in nature. This obviously hasn't gone over well with the
sidhe, who are used to having their own way. The Ranters
are organized into small cells, so that if one is captured, she
nization. The Kithain in a
+h other. The Ranters have

cannot betray the entire c

given cell are oathbound to ea
contacts in other supernatural communities, including
the Garou Monkeywrenchers and the vampire Anarchs.

Their sidhe enemies also rumor that they are allied with
the nunnehi. The Ranters have instigated terrorist actions
against particularly despotic nobles, and this has made
them fairly popular amongst a large population of com-
moners. Their leader is a shadowy Kithain known only as
Ravachol. The Ranters have been declared outlaws by
King David, in spite of his commoner sympathies.

The Belcaine Blade

The Beltaine Blade is a shadowy, secret organization,
somewhat akin to the historic Star Chamber. Its members
are sidhe nobles who are dedicated to the preservation of
the traditional oligarchy. Although the organization sup-
ports the monarchy in principle, it is far more interested in
empowering the feudal nobles. To this end, they have
worked to weaken King David, while tightening the grip of
their own power. The Beltaine Blade has adherents in
powerful positions, including some within the court of
Tara-Nar. Although the Beltaine Blade is exclusively sidhe,
it uses commoner races as soldiers and assassins. The Blade
has contacts among the clan of vampires known as the
Ventrue. They have recently informed an Elder of that clan
about Dr. Tapp's part in her brother's death (see below)

So. Tappin London

Ooccor Tapps repucacion as an archicece
cook a major blow when he accepted acommis~
sion From a lord of the Vencrue.
Unaware of his employer's vampiric nature, he
determined to surprise his patrons wich an
carly example of his moving archrceccure. Ac
high noon of each equinox che ceiling of the
mansions dallroom Rolled dack co expose a
secondary ceiling of colored glass and iron
scaffolding. The effect was co be a dehighcful
dappling as the colored sunlight played against
the rich mardle of the walls and floor. The
result, however, was discressingly difference:
The mansion' lord and a visiting delegation of
French Toreador received an imprompcu sun-
durn, After darely escaping an assassinacion
atcempt dy the Vencrue, Tapp tefe London
and never returned. Recencly the Venrrue's
siscer (also a powerful Venrrue) discovered,
through her concacrs m the Belcaine Blade,
the reason for her drochers demise. She doesnt
know 1c was an aceidenc (and prodadly wouldnc
care). She holds Tapp adopted children, che
denizens of Godin Toum, responsidie. Mer

exact plans for revenge are unknown.

Chapcer Three: Godlin Town


Cadmium Redd

Cadmium started out asa populist, commoner leader
In her early years she served the freehold as captain of the
guard. During the Accordance War, she used her popular-
ity toswing the freehold's support to the royalist cause, and
she rose swiftly through the commoner ranks as the war
progressed. After the war, she used guile and force to gain
possession of the freehold. This combination has served
her well to present, but she has become increasingly
.uthoritarian and unstable in recent years, and this lead
ership style does not sit well with her subjects, most
whom are intellectuals. Recently, she formed a private
Red Guard, consisting of four redcaps. This has not gone
over well; her subordinates now whisper that she has lost
her mind
Court: Unseelie
Unseelie: Beast/Bumpkin
ming: Grump

ocker

: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodg:
Intimidation 5, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 1, Leadership 3, Melee 4 (club),
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Politics 3
Arts: Chicanery 3, Primal 1, Sovereign 4, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 5, Fae 2, Props 2, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Gremayre 2, Holdings 4,
Resources 4, Retinue 4, Treasures 4 (rod and armor)
Glamour: 5

Willpowe

Banality: 7 (May use Banality in place of Glamour)

Image: In her human form, Cadmium is a large,
imposing woman in her late forties. She has severely
pulled-back hair that is beginning to gray, and she usually
wears red business suits. In her faerie guise she bears an
unsettling resemblance to the Red Queen in Through the
Looking Glass. Her skin is lobster red and tight as a drum,
her hair is a stark white, and she always has an imperious
look on her face. Her clothes are richly designed, but
severe in outline (lots of sharp angles). Her favorite
jewelry is, of course, rubies; she wears a ruby tiara as her
symbol of office. She carries a large and imposing black
iron rod, the handle of which is wrapped in leather, and
which is topped by a ram's head. The ram has ruby eyes,
which glow in battle. Cadmium also has a suit of armor
made of red gold. In battle she is a shrieking, cursing,
spitting, whirling dervish. Many battles she is capable of
winning by sheer intimidation.

Roleplaying Hints: You earned your right to lead this
freehold and no one had better forget it. You know that
you are not one of the century's great thinkers and you
consider this an advantage. You are shrewd, though
Power is not the province of the cautious scholar, but of
those daring enough to grab it. Your one piece of intellec-
tual curiosity is satisfied by your experiments with (so
called) Banality. Glamour is rarer than water in the Sahara
these days and those who don't learn to adapt will die. You
suspect that Dr. Coma killed Dafyll that night in the

subways, but since his death served your purposes, you

have done nothing. You have fears you will not admit,
even to yourself

Note: You are addicted to the use of Banality and can
no longer use Glamour as easily as you once did (2 pts. to
do the work of one). Furthermore, your use of Banality has
made you the personal target of several chimerical attacks.
Recently, a headless knight attacked you during a cer-
emony of state. The attack was repelled, but it left you
badly shaken.

ne es

Doctor Coma was a leader in the counter culture of
the ‘60s. He was friends with Cadmium Redd, who was
also once a radical populist (until it no longer served her
purpose to be one). Coma now considers her a traitor to
the cause. He sticks around because he considers Goblin

He has

sanality

Town to be too important to leave in her hand
recently discovered that Cadmium is tz

and he is letting word about this leak out s|

to pave the way for the revolt

Court: Unseelie
+ Riddler/Paladin
irump

zh

Unseel
Seemir
Kith: Slu
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Do

Intimidation 3, Kenning 4, Subterfuge 4

3, Empathy 4, Expression 4

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Leadership 3
Melee 3 (Stiletto), Stealth 5

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3
Mythlore 4, Occult 4, Politics 4

Arts: Chicanery 5, Legerdemain 2, Soothsaying 2,
Sovereign 2, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 3, Nature 5, Props 1, Scene 1
Backgrounds: Chimera 4 (Raven spy), Contacts 5,
Gremayre 4, Treasures 2

Glamour: 9

Willpower: 6

Banality: 6

indeterminate age. He wears the typical beat uniform of
basic black, sometimesaccompanied by a worn tweed jacket
and he perpetually wears a pair of dark round sunglasses.
There is often a raven perched on his shoulder. In his faerie
Jemeanor, Coma is a rail-thin patch of midnight. Light
seems to fall into him, like a human black hole. He is
exceptionally tall and has straight, black, shoulder-length
hair. His skin is bone white and his eyes are like twin pieces
of polished onyx. His clothes are black, trimmed with silver
and of the style worn in France during the Age of Reason

Roleplaying Hints: Power to the people! That's been
your clarion call your entire life. You are an anarchist in the
classical sense of the word and believe that all people should
live unfettered by power from above. That's why you belong
to the Ranters. That's also why you pretended to join Dafyll
and the loyalists during the Accordance War so you
could disrupt them from the inside. You only wish that you
's back. Now

you're in a position of "responsibility" here. Being the court

were the one who stuck the blade in the p

seer has allowed you to subvert Redd's orders right down the
line; you've succeeded in freeing many of her brain-washed
of the
petty dictator, and you know that the time is right for

human slaves. The people of the freehold are sick

revolution. Maybe they'll march her head on a pike around
the city, like they did with Dafyll's. Serves her right

Isaac Glass (CDascer Builder)

Glass was raised to be the freehold's Master Builder. His

father (the last Master Builder) was killed during the Acc

dance War in the Beltaine Night Iron Knives Massacre. For
this he holds something of a grudge against the sidhe. In
addition to his architectural mastery, he is an accomplished


artisan and is responsible for many of the walking animal
sculptures of the freehold. Having read Tapp's writings
extensively, he is knowledgeable about all aspects of the
freehold. He knows that something big is coming down and
is prepared to do his best to protect Goblin Town
Court: Unseelie
Unseelie: Riddler/Crafter
Seeming: Wilder

Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

lents: Alertness 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expression 2,
Kenning 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Crafts 5, Security 4, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 5 (Freehold), Architec-
ture 5, Computers 2, Enigmas 5, Investigation 3,
Mythlore 4, Politics 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Wayfare 4
Realms: Fae 5, Props 3, Scene 5 (Freehold)
Background: Chimera 5, Gremayre 4, Resources 3
Glamour: 10
Willpower: 4
Banality: 3

Image: Isaac Glass isa small man in his early thirties. He
has lank, but well-groomed black hair, and is somewhat
sickly in appearance. He speaks with a tremor in his voice, his
hands shake perpetually, and he moves with a kind of
nervous energy. He wears a thick pair of spectacles and is
always neatly dressed in a three-piece suit, with highly
polished shoes. His faerie aspect is much the same, though his
clothes are more archaic (late 19th century) and his glasses
become a pince-nez. He is shorter than most nockers and his
skin is a pale yellow, although his hands are always stained
with ink from the feather quill pen he uses. He is usually
accompanied by an unusually large, glassy eyed nocker (re:
ally a chimerical golem) and a small jeweled dragon

Roleplaying Hints: Sigh. Just spoke with Madam
Redd. She demanded a map of the secret passages leading
to Coma's chambers... again. You told her "no," of course
Good thing you're such a fast ducker. She just doesn't
understand that being the Master Builder is a sacred trust,
a trust you take seriously. This place is beautiful, and if you
weren't Master Builder here, you'd be nothing at all. You
try to share your enthusiasm for the freehold with anyone
who will listen. There are those here who want to corrupt
the freehold for political gains: You know who they are and
you keep an eye on them. Because you have a hidden
Seelie side, you are somewhat unpopular with many in the
freehold. You are also highly sentimental

Frecholds and Midden Glens

Note: Glass knows the grotto so well that he can
appear and disappear like magic (O.K., so it is magic)
Although not much of a fighter, Glass is protected at all
times by a powerful chimerical golem of his own construc
tion. He also has a small jeweled dragon that acts as his
eyes and ears around the freehold

Lac ty Alexandria(Tara-Nar
ambdassador/ Assassin)

A rivercouldn'twash away all the blood on Alexandria's
hands. Her taste for murder led her to drown her baby sister,
when she was four years old, because she couldn't bear the
loss of her parents' attention. Her mother and father were
killed in a crossfire during an ambush outside Lord Dafyll''s
estate; she survived only by sheer chance. Recognizing her
fae nature, Dafyll adopted her into his household and took
her on as his own fosterling. While under his care, she
committed many wanton acts of savagery, always knowing
that she was above suspicion because she was the king's ward.

In fact it was Alexandria who arranged Dafyll's
murder, convincing her beloved, Rat Breath, to perform
the deed for her. At the time she felt that his death would
give her greater power; however, this plan backfired and
instead she has to scrounge for every bit of power she can
grasp. It seemed that being only a childling, and a
fosterling of Dafyll's, did not count for as much as she had
anticipated among the Seelie court

After Dafyll's death, she spaced her crimes further
apart in order to avoid arousing suspicion. She grew up in
both her own court and the High King's court of Tara-Nar
She has played the court games of intrigue with all the skill
of an Eiluned sidhe, but has only minor status there. Still,


VY

¢
i
i
i
g
i
Ys
(
(
,
f

i

727A bya

Z2

°

one day... She has the common touch and is loved by the

commoners, who have decided to forgive and forget that

she was the daughter of the hated Lord Dafyll. Her long-

time companion, Rat Breath, is both her bodyguard and

her most consistent lover. Although she conducts all of

heraffairs on her terms, it is possible that she may come to

a bad end eventually. She secretly despises Lady Sierra,

whohasbeen like a mother to her. She is also an extremely

potent magician.

Court: Unseelie

Unseelie: Peacock/Courtier

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

House: Fiona

Phy I: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 6

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4

Empathy 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 3, Kenning 3,

Subterfuge 5 (Seduction)

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Melee 4 (Dirty

Fighting), Performance 2, Stealth 4

Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 1

Knowled;
(French), Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Politics 4

Arts: Chicanery 5, Primal 2, Soothsaying 3, Sovereign 4,
Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 5, Fae 5, Nature 1, Props 3, Scene |
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Dreamers 4, Gremayre By
Resources 5, Retinue 2, Titles 3, Treasures 4

Glamour: 8

Willpower: 6

Banality: 5

Image: Lady Alexandria has skin like polished ma-
hogany, eyes like bronze in firelight and the figure of a
goddess. She has long, straight, black hair and dresses in
ornate silks of red and gold. She doesn't walk; she glides,
In court she carries a redwood staff, with a carved serpent
twined around it. In all things she radiates the beauty, the
strength and the dignity of the sidhe. Too bad she's such
a rotter.

Roleplaying Hints: Ah, poor Lord Dafyll. He was like
afather to you, really. He adopted youas his only daughter,
when your real parents died in that savage commoner
attack. You were only five when he was killed in battle. Of
course his fortunes fell to you (and his human son). Youare
the epitome of the gentile and passionate lady of the court,
both here and at Tara-Nar. Hold yourself with the dignity
ofanoble-born sidhe, treat all with kindness, low born and
high, and watch how people gloss over the fact that things

always seem to work in your favor. You are the ultimate
"innocent bystander." Good things just seem to happen to
you. In reality you make few moves that are not coldly
calculated. You can spot and exploit weakness from a mile
away. Your one flaw is your preference of paramours. You
are wooed by the finest the sidhe have to offer, but have an
inexplicable taste for redcaps (you keep this very secret)

Raz Breach (Courc Wascrel)

It was the Accordance War, and a childling redcap
was given the honor of being the standard-bearer in
Dafyll's retinue on that fateful day. The trolls had forced
them into the narrow confines of the turnstiles. "Run! |
will cover your retreat!" Dafyll shouted. The old man had
guts, give him that. The old fool. In the shadows and the
confusion, what with trolls throwing those damn explod
ing rocks and all, it was too bloody easy. A blade twisted
cruelly in the back. An exhilarating rush of hot blood and
a redcap boy became a man. Then there was the reward, a
kisson the cheek froma fairy princess. Rat Breath has been
enslaved to Alexandria's will since he first saw her in
Dafyll's garden. He realizes she is using him, but doesn't
care. He will probably die in her service, or kill her in a
jealous rage. That's the way these star-crossed romances go
sometimes
Court: Unseelie
Unseelie: Savage/Bumpkin
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Redcap

Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Chaprer Three: Godlin Town


Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Do
Intimidation 4, Kenning 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 1 (rarely used), Firearms 3, Melee 5
(Back Stabbing), Stealth 5, Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Enigmas 2, Occult 2
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3, Primal 3
Realms: Fae 2, Nature 4, Props 3

Backgrounds: Gremayre 3, Resources 2, Treasures 3
Glamour: 6

Willpower: 5

Banality: 5

Image: Rat Breath is small, unshaven and generally
ratlike. He has beady black eyes and perfect, straight, blue-
white teeth. He dresses in tattered black motorcycle
leathers with gang patches. In his faerie form he wears a
brown and black leather jerkin reminiscent of peasant
garb from the Middle Ages. Instead of a red cap he wears
a black felt hat with a long red feather in it. He is rarely
seen without his curved, black short sword.

Roleplaying Hints: Gwar, looket ‘er. Nocker wimmen
just knocks me out. Likes takin' ‘em by surprise in the kitchen,
Idoes. Whatya got cookin' in there, luv? —Oh, furkitallta' hell!
Yes, my dear and dread lady? Murder squire Tom? As | ama
knight and my word is my bond. It will be done. Roastin's best,
I think

You have two personalities. One is murderous and
foul, the other (when youare around Lady Alexandria and
other sidhe) is charming and obsequious. Anyone with
common sense avoids you like a hungover troll. Most

changelings just tut-tut and sigh that it is such a pity that

Lady Alexandria (a changeling of breeding) doesn't know
her servant's true nature. (She is generous to a fault.) She
is of House Fiona, so it doesn't seem so strange. They don't
know that she encourages you in your aberrant behavior,
or that you are lovers. You are merciless to those weaker
than you} but then pour on the charm for your sidhe lords
You are a veritable magician with a sword

OcherPDersonalizies

Lady Sierra

Lady Sierra is a warrior sidhe of House Gwydion and
the former lover of Lord Dafyll. She has not known love
Nar and hae the Hig King# ean She doesn't trust Goblin
Town and has sent her beloved adopted daughter, Alex-
andria, to keep anieyeon thing: there: She bearssomething
of a grudge against the frechold, suspecting Goblin com.
plicity in Dafyll's death (her main suspect is Cadmium
Redd); Sheis too noble and honest to lec this grudge affect
her judgment, however. Cadmium Redd dislikes her,
ecaiue she vperecivey chat 'ehelie working egainauatis
freehold's interests. Doctor Coma has'a sneaking admira
tion for her.

Lord Dray

lord Dray is'a duke of House Gwydion and was
Bagjllts cousin. Desy far used isipon tion at court
undercut Goblin Town whenever possible. He has openly
accused the freehold of plotting against the throne, though
he has offered little in the way of proof and has, thus far,
done the frechold little harm. He is secretly one of the
leaders of the Beltaine Blade

Lady Chandler

Lady Chandler is a500-year-old Ventrue Elder of the
seventh generation. She is the sister of the Ventrue
accidentally killed by the freehold's founder, Dr. Tapp,
and is currently gathering information about the frechold
and will not attack the freehold directly. Lady Chandleris
aloverof irony; her ultimate vengeance will involve soma
ironic ewist on her brother's death


[orresidencs of Godlin Toun

© The players are in a part of the freehold that they
shouldn't be and accidentally trigger a three-hundred.
year-old trap (a Tapp original). The freehold starts moving
in reverse and is destroying itself at the rate of 2% a day
The characters must find a way to stop it before the
freehold completely self-destructs.

¢ The city announces that it is building a new
extension to the subway. This extension is to run directly
through the freehold's center. The usual attempts to bribe
orcharm city officials are unsuccessful. There is obviously
a powerful supernatural entity behind this, but who?

¢ Anocker guard is found torn to shreds in one of the
outer halls of the freehold. Security has been breached! Is
it the nunnehi? Or perhaps that pack of Gallain
(werewolves)? Perhaps it is something far worse

The Ghastly begins to awaken andall the freehold's
attempts to stop it are unsuccessful. An ancient book
reveals that the nunnehi know of a way to deal with it
The characters are sent to ask them for aid. Given the
nunnehi's hatred of the freehold, this is near suicide. The
characters better be successful, though, or all of New

York City is in trouble!

[or Visrcors

© One of the character's kinain is a New York street

person and has been kidnapped. The police don't give a
damn. Another street person reports that he was grabbed by
some red-skinned individuals and dr into the sewers.
As the players research the disappearance, they discover
that they are being followed by some shadowy Gallain

© The characters are hired by a wealthy and eccentric
sidhe merchant. He recently bought an extremely expen:
sive artifact (a golden water clock) from Goblin Town and
says he was swindled. The Goblins claim he g xactly
what he paid for." The characters are sent to negotiate.
While they doso, however, both the artist who created the
artifactand the merchantare murdered in a grizzly fashion
The characters are blamed and immediately imprisoned
by the Goblins. Their only hope is to find the real culprit


aUIYaalWaalrealaalpaalyaalyara ie

as =:


There is a town that the maps refuse to show. It sits at
the end of a road whose name has been forgotten. The
sraveyard

paper-thin stones that stand, fragile, in the tow

have long been cleansed of the carvings they once bore. An

anonymous pond, grayer than Grendel's mere, reflects the

brooding buildings that have seen no human occupants for

half a century. This was Dudleytown. It is no longer:
There are plenty of souls who think that Connecti-
cut, more than any other place in North America, has
been tamed. The insurance industry sprawls over the
southern half of the state, casting shadows on the commut

SS

By Richard Oansky

‘The lake which they inhabit lies not many miles from

—David Wright, translator, Beowulf

here, overhung with groves of rime-crusted trees whose thick
roots darken the water. Every night you can see the terrible
spectacle of fire on the water. No one knows how deep it is."

ers who scurry to and from New York every day. Further
east, the shipyards of the defense firms echo hollowly now
that the contracts have gone. A casino on the Rhode
Island border turns night into day. To the north, the
Interstates carve the land into safe, manageable chunks,
while Hartford sits at the center of things, looking to New
York and Boston for its cues.

But even this land has two remarkable features. There
are the standing stones in Groton, that hold their place in
the shipyards' shadows. Strange noises fill the night air in
Moodus, a small town that should know to keep its

Chapcer our: Graymere Glen 57

\ PRANODACAARAA CAA


t of Cornwall, is an unmarked road that leads to what

once known as Dudleytown
Settled centuries and abandoned again anc
Dudleytown has long been wrapped in a cloak «
There were m rs when the first settlers came, and, with
later settlers, disappearances. Though tin could be found
in the hills north of town, lead was found in the water
Children were born deformed. Madness, an unwelcome
visitor, wandered in. The towns le eitherdied, or went
insane. A wise few even left, closemouthed about what
they had seen. The population dwindled until, on the day
that the census takers came, there was no one there. In
1958, the town was removed from the maps and forgotten
by all, save for a few antiquaries and lovers of mystery
Dudleytown is still a mecca for certain types of hu
mans. College students from UConn, or Wesleyan, or
ther schools that provide more learning than wisdom,
often come in carloads tospend the night in this "haunted"
place. To this day, not one of these groups of adventurers
has lasted through an entire night. They return to the light
of Danbury or Hartford, talking wildly of inhuman foot
prints sunk into cobblestones or beast-men with yellowed
teeth attacking impossibly thick shadows. No one
believes them, of course
So-called paranormal investigators travel to
Dudleytown as well. Trained, prepared, sometimes even
armed, they set up their cameras and motion detectors,
and settle in for a long night of observation. They never
make it until morning, either. Their tales are of "subhu
man regressions" and "teratogenic fields," but they are just
as far from the truth as the youthful thrill-seekers who
precede them. In the end, it is all the same. They are not
wanted, not here
Normal humans left Dudleytown for good in 1957
Now it is just a ramshackle collection of decaying frame
s and older piles of stone and brick. The long and
ad that leads from Route 44 to the town's ruins
isno longer paved, but is just a vaguely cleared track of dirt
and small rocks. The lake just outside of town is a sullen
gray, with a rotting dock collapsing into its waters
The town proper, or what's left of it, is laid out along
1. Main Street runs straight from the access road
north to the lakeside dock, and smaller streets criss-cross
it at roughly even intervals. Rust sit abandoned in
the streets; willow trees and weeds have grown up through

the crumbled pavement. The eastern side of town has


more houses, while the west boasts the wreck of the tin
tefinery. No doubt the pollution spewed by this industrial
monstrosity had much to do with Dudleytown's tragedy

Main Street is lined with empty shops. The First
Western Connecticut Savings and Loan building lingers
not three blocks from the lake. There is an empty movie
theater as well, the Paradise, the marquee of which boasts
proudly that "The Day The Earth Stood Still" is in its last
two weeks. The Police Station/City Hall and Fire Depart-
ment are right in the center of town, where High Street
¢rosses Main, and the lonely wreck of a Congregationalist
church stands not quite a block away. On windy days, the
church's bell still rings. Sometimes, the sound can be
heard as far away as Cornwall; on those days, the residents
of that quiet town tend to stay indoors. Not from supersti-
tion, you must understand; just prudence.

Graymere Glen

Dudleytown has been almost completely abandoned
since the 1950s. Glamour bubbles up with the lead in the
lake just outside of town, but somehow that metal's gray
taint has seeped into the wild magic, making it both
grimmer and more awful than it ought to be. The Native
Americans have long shunned the place, passing their
Hories on to the European settlers as they came west
Oddly enough, band upon band of settlers actually heeded
these warnings, and in so doing they created an image, in
their minds and in their stories, of a place that was bizarre
and dark indeed. The more people heard the tales, the
wilder they became, and the more the legend of the "Dark
Lake in the Woods" grew. Thus by the time the Marcowicz
brothers actually stumbled upon the place, it was well-
saturated with Glamour from centuries of tale-telling
With the town's founding, and the subsequent unfortu-
nate consequences of this, the legend of the place merely
grew, and now the Glamour that the lake spits out has the
subtle flavor of nightmare

The effect of this darkened Glamour can be seen on the
buildings of the town. Once wood and corrugated tin, they
now bear more of a seeming of weathered stone. Close,
objective observation will, of course, reveal that they are
still comprised of wood and tin, but the impression given by
acasual glance is of a town shaped entirely from lead-colored
flowstone. Even the remaining windows, tinted the color of
clouds running before a storm, seem to sag and bend.

There is one main street in Dudleytown, leading
north to a slate-gray dock that sags into the lake. A
rowboat, once wood, but now something utterly other,
bobs at the end of a rope here, its dragonshead prow
snarling lazily over the lake's small waves. The corpses of
cars are everywhere, rusting away to show dragon bones
beneath. Main Street itself is lined with the ruins of banks
and shops, while the eastern half of town boasts the shreds
of houses. The tin refinery on the west side of town has
collapsed in upon itself, pulling its own walls down with
gentle urging from the omnipresent willow trees.

Ah yes, the willow trees. They are everywhere. They
line the mere and surround the town, stalking through its
streets like a conquering army. Even the road away from
this seat of dark magics is lined, like a cathedral entrance,
with miles and miles of silent willows, their branches

woven together so that no sunlight can reach the rutted

road. While no one has ever actually seen the willows

walk, every member of the court of Graymere Glen claims
that they have turned their back on a tree, only to see it
again some distance from where they thought it stood. On
the shore of the lake, directly across from the Stone Dock,
stands a tree called the Father of Willows. Noticeably
larger than the others of his kind in the village, the Father
has never been sighted anywhere other than his throne of
earth opposite the dock. All of the willow-children's
branches droop down toward the earth, weeping. Those of
the Father of Willows, however, rise to the skies

By night the trees and buildings glow softly to fae eyes
The tumble-down ruins cast a dim white light, while the
trees tend more toward a sickly gold. The light grows
stronger as one approaches the lake, and the Father of
Willows himself sometimes blazes so brightly that the
hovering clouds reflect his glory. The lake itself, though,
does not glow brazenly. In the darkness, it is placid and
white, looking for all the world as if it were made of milk

On Festival nights the surface of the lake changes,
becoming solid and smooth as glass. The Kithain dance
upon its surface for such occasions, and its glow fills them.
Pity the wilder, though, who dares attempt the dance on
any other night. The waters are said to swallow up those
who dare to touch its surface on a night that is not deemed
sacred. Itdoes not matter if one merely touches the surface
of the pond with a questing toe. If the lake is disturbed
when it does not wish to be, it will drag the offender into
its depths forever.


This lake 1s one of the few remaming
natural sources of Glamour in che world.
Whac makes i so Remarkadle 1s that ic
stands so close to civilization; most natural
sources of Glamour are hidden far away from
morzal eyes. Indeed the lake has is own
defenses, in che Form of che Schnoreflers, and
17s OWN Magic, which induces a sort of Bedlam
many mortals who Remain wichin che viem-
icy, This power has become scronger over che
years: the effecz, which used co take years to
manifest, now appears within hours.

For Kichan, the most significance face
adout the lake 1s that on certain days, mostly

ichain festival days, che surface hardens,
and it may d¢ walked upon. In fact, mose of
the feszivals are celebrated on the lakes
silvery surface. In addition co the usual festi-
val days, the lake has recently begun co
harden on Sascha's Sanday,

Though the lake 1s seen as a source of
great powcr, Ic is Regarded dy Most as some-
thing of a mahynanc encicy. Any who dare
touch its surface on a day not deemed appro-
priate are dragged beneath rcs murky surface,
never to de seen again, None know the reason
for this, chough many speculace that a curse
was laid on the lake dy the nunnehi.

Even the Kithain of Graymere Glen, almost to the
individual, do not actually live in Dudleytown. There is
too much power there, power that has been subtly twisted
so that its wildness cannot be recognized even by the
changelings themselves. Most members of the glen's loose
court live either in the woods and hills north of town, or
in Cornwall, the next town over. The notable exceptions
are the pookas Jeremiah and Robin, who dwell in the ruins
of the tin refinery, and Lady Sascha, whose mortal exist-
ence demands that she occasionally rule in absentee, from

ew Haven.

The court itself can hardly be called such. Lady Sascha
rules, yes, but she is new to power and as yet her rule is based
mostly on the consent of the governed. The Graymere
itself only permits Kithain with the proper capacity forawe
and fear to find it, and while fae of this kind tend to have
a flair for obedience, that obedience takes a great deal to
command in the face of the lake's quiet glow

60 [recholds and Pidden Glens

Suffice it to say, then, that the structure of Lady

a's court holds, but many of the airs and graces have
withered. There isa herald, and the festivals are observed,
but the boundary between noble and commoner is blurry
This is a small court, and one which does not promise to
grow much larger. As such, the commoners are plucked to
fill noble roles, and often find themselves lording it over

no one but themselves.

The Lacher of Willows and his
Children

Legends have long told that, when no one is looking,
willows like to pull up their roots and walk. The trees of
Dudleytown give lie to that legend, however; they like to
stroll occasionally with spectators, at least with fae spec-
tators. They don't walk often, but when they do, they can
move as far as a mile at a stretch, eating up ground with
long strides. While no one has ever clocked a tree moving,
the best estimate maintains that they can reach up to
twenty miles per hour. Obviously, the effect is only visible
under Glamour, and not all of the willow trees in
Dudleytown are capable of such grandiose feats

While none of the current inhabitants of the glen
know the true origin of the mysterious foliage, a few of the
local nunnehi do. The willows are part of the incident that
initially gave the lake such a bad name among the Native
Americans. According to legend, a band of evil spirits
were bound into the trees by nunnehi and mortal shamans
and set to guard the mere. The legend does not specify the
nature of the evil that characterized the intruders, but says
only that they were fierce and did not show proper respect
for those spirits already in the lands they crossed. Lady
Sascha and Sir Denis, in some of their more mundane
moments, have actually uncovered certain artifacts of
12th century Scandinavian origin on the edge of the lake;
thus, it is entirely feasible that these "evil spirits" were
European settlers to whom the local population took a
dislike, or perhaps itinerant Get of Fenris who, looking for
new lands to conquer, found more opposition than they
had bargained for.

In any case, the trees seem to have abdicated their
protectorate to the Schnorrflers and instead concentrate
on moving in patterns which, when viewed from above,
take on the appearance of some at dance. Careful
observers will also note that the trees are pulling back
more and more from the access road, and are starting to
choke the streets of the town. Things are not yet so
congested that Lady Sascha has been forced to cut down
a wandering willow, but it would seem the time is fast
approaching for such measures


h 7 om soon earned a bad name; and rumors began
STORY apical

t there was something "queer" about the

iad ta win was fotadedin thse 1780e bythe Marcowice lake. Still, the tin was there, and where there

brothers, Polish émigré t me to the trackless there were jobs. A new wave of settlers came. Half

ds of western Co ib ght nc rns hs milies lured by the low price of land, the other half

1 es searching for wor he es. By the endo!
Be thers four was tins cent thesurfaceofthe Tough types searching for work in the mines. By the end of

rolling hills just t wn. They brought their World Warl, there were close to 5000 souls in Dudleytown
sey ts aad ward of dete au w other miners, They worked the mines, labored in the refinery, served at
Dudle msoon grew. There was alw h percentage the restaurants, drank in the bars, and tried to raise their
Bi he ti anions: those whis eergeleck disiwis families in normalcy. It was not to be, however. There was
Se sity trolls atid necked ac fies but leter ; lead, aswellas power, in the water, and the mortal children
at least one family that conta Feit were more and more frequently born deformed, or still

Phe talevon'eatya } ia born. A high incidence of madness stalked the town as

an well, as lead poisoning and Nervosa preyed equally upon

Dror tie to the inhabitants. Finally, there were the Schnorrflers
the poisonous lal Enough tales had circulated of "the beast-men of
dreams int he mere. Appearing as Dudleytown" that they became aself-perpetuating legend
Weal chacoy men withrasore we aniive eo Visitin, u, even as they were chased out of town for the
Sere named "Schnorrflers" § sardine color ir skin, took note of what lurked in the trees.
made a y shambled through nict They spread the tale of the monsters in the we and the
iy ciited the'dadened ak nto Banality to nightmares of childlings in California gave strength to

ne creatures. Th chimera in Connecticut. No matter that the town's redcar

population took to hunting the beasts for sport; there were

Siw ere once Hee nT alice ‘i always more Schnorrflers waiting to take bad little chil


The population dwindled. In 1944 the tin ran out,
and so did Dudleytown's time. One by one, the remaining
families left. By 1957, the only sound to be heard on Main
Street was the clatter of doors blowing emptily in the wind.

Well, almost the only sound. "Mad Marge," a.k.a.
Margrethe Hamilton, a descendant of some of the earliest
settlers, refuséd to go. Her folk had lived in Dudleytown for
a century and a half, and she would be damned if some
government clerk with a meter and a warning was going to
chase her off. So she stayed, and when the census people
came round she hid herself and her two sons in the parts
oftown where few people wanted to venture. Her two boys
grew up fey and wild, and when she apologized to Jeremiah
and Robin for not being in a place where they could have
some friends, Jeremiah just cocked his head oddly and
announced, "Don't worry, Mommy. They're coming."
Robin would nod and smile then, and Margrethe, worried
by nothing she could name, would turn her attention to
the problem of their next meal

Perhaps they were coming, but Margrethe never lived
to see them. In 1965 she died of a stroke, leaving behind
two pookas just coming to a realization of their potential.
Unfortunately, there was no one for Jeremiah and Robin
to play their tricks upon. Except, of course, for the
Schnorrflers.

Perhaps there had been some fundamental change in
the nature of these chimerical beasts, brought on by the
fact that those whose dreams reinvented them truly loved
Dudleytown. Or, maybe they were just lonely. In any case,
the beasts took to Robin and Jeremiah's games, even as
they gleefully shredded any who intruded upon
Dudleytown's serenity

This bucolic existence was the norm for too few years.

Unknowingly shielded by the power of Graymere Glen,

Jeremiah and Robin dwelt in wild splendor. The power of
the lake gently redirected those who sought Dudleytown,
steering away haughty sidhe and vicious redcaps, and even
some of the nunnehi who were gaining strength with the
rise of the American Indian Movement (AIM). Those few
who were strong enough to bully their way past the lake's
suggestions were faced with the ravening Schnorrflers.
Jeremiah may have predicted the coming of friends, but for
the time being, he and Robin would have to wait. Still,
insulated from Banality in a place that even the chilliest
of the Autumn People would describe as "weird," they
continued to frolic happily

The explosion of Glamour that came with the open-
ingof the trods in 1969 did not touch Dudleytown directly.
Ina place so rich with Glamour, what was the addition of

a little bit more from the neighbors? None of the great
Houses even remembered this cursed gate. However, the
effect of the Accordance War on the glen was not so mild.
In early 1970, a motley band of Kithain fleeing from a
sidhe attack turned their chartreuse VW van up the access
road to Dudleytown. Following them were three state
police cars, each containing a pair of heavily armed sidhe
warriors. The VW, not meantforsuch abuse, broke an axle
and careened into a row of willow trees. Two of the
passengers were slain instantly, and the rest were stunned
as the nobles drew close for the coup de grace. Some had
already sensed the power in the air here, and idly discussed
annexing the area as a holding as soon as the troublesome
rabble were dealt with

It was at this point that the power of the glen reas-
serted itself. Its gentle defensive weavings now shredded
by the desperation of the motley band's need, itsummoned
its other, more direct means of defending itself. The power
called, and the Schnorrflers came. Out of the woods like
avenging angels, the furry hordes descended upon the
unprepared nobles. Some fled screaming into Banality,
while others simply had no time to scream. Horrified, the
inhabitants of the van watched as the chimera did their
bloody work, convinced that they would be next

Instead, they faced an entirely different pair of furry
faces. Robin and Jeremiah, arguing vehemently over who
had seen the company first, opened the one working door
left to the van and escorted the survivors to the splendor
of Graymere Glen.

For a brief time, all of the survivors of the incident
dwelt in the town proper, but the sheer power of the place,
combined with Jeremiah and Robin's enthusiasm for jest-
ing with their new friends, made it a difficult domestic
arrangement. Eventually they all moved away, some to the
woods outside of town, others to the relative hustle and
bustle of Cornwall. None moved too far away, however,
and all still spent the majority of their time in the glen'
This was a practical decision as well as a selfish one, as the
sparks and sputters of the Accordance War made safety
behind a wall of snarling chimera a very appealing pros-
pect. Dudleytown itself seemed to have acquired a taste for
aggression, and those of the sidhe and their servants who
attempted to encroach upon the glen's boundaries were
often driven off with far more force than was strictly
necessary. Even after the cessation of formal hostilities,
the Schnorrflers remained an implacable barrier to any of
noble blood, Seelie or Unseelie, who wished to enter
Dudleytown.


That was, of course, until the coming of Lady Sa
late in the year of 1992. A graduate student in archaec
at Yale University, Sascha was descended from one
first families of Dudleytown, one that had carried within
it, unrealized, the spark of sidhe blood. Choosing as her
specialty the study of modern ruins, she combined her
Wesire to return to her ancestors' home with scholarly
ambition and love for her subject. Her powers of com
mand, along with her undisguised love for the town in
both the abstract and the real, were enough to crumble
the glen's defenses. As she turned her battered red Toyota
pickup onto the ragged access road, the Schnorrflers came
one by one out of the trees and bowed to her. She drove
by, seeing nothing until she parked at the very end of the
dock. Then, the Chrysal ok her, and of some things
even the whispering willows of Graymere have the dig
nity not to speak. It is sufficient to say that she came
her power quickly and easily, wearing her noble heritage
strikingly well. It should also be said that, as the town and
the chimera both accepted her, the freehold's small popu
lation soon did as well. Even Robin and Jeremiah
eventually bowed to her, though the former did so far
more willingly that the latter. The lake itself came all
aglow for her Saining, and permitted the new Lady to
dance on the waters, alone

It was impossible for Lady Sascha to stay perma
nently, of course, though she sper much time as

possible there on "research" for her thesis. While she is

present, there isa semblance of formality and dignity, with

certain of her unruly subjects doing their best to cloak
themselves in fitting decorum. When she gc social
nce again seeps in, though surprisingly Robin does
) maintain order

As for Graymere Glen's relations with the rest of the

m of the Turtle, on a surface level they are surpris

ingly good. Lady Sascha has received a dispensation from
none other than High King David himself to make
Dudleytown her holding, and amnesty has been declared
the "crimes" of 1970. There are still many courts and
other places where a resident of Graymere is not welcome
and this coolness is reciprocated by th inhabitants as
well. They actively discourage vis and several (led by
the sluagh Ignatz) have gone so far as to petition Lady
Sascha to close the glen to outsiders. She resists this
temptation, even as she resists the implacable hatred of
those whe kin at Graymere Glen. One suspects that the
lake itself, in its own way, approves of her efforts. If it did

not, one suspects that she would not rule for much longer


see
& Schnorrflers

‘Schnorrflers are chimera crcaced originally from the imaginacions of the carly Kichamn serclers of
the town. (Dost of these were of German or Casrern Curopean extraction, and so the scuff of cher
nightmares was vaguely along che hnes of Teuronic and Slavic folkcale monsters. The actual name,
"Schnoreflers, was given co them dy one Anna Ruskova, a childling troll who described che deascs as
making ‘schnorefling noses as they paced shayyily through che woods. (hile Ruskova's powers of
description did leave something to dc desired, Ic can be said thac the sound che creacures make 1s a sore
of sniffing, growling, gurgling noise for which ‘schnorefling 1s prodadly as accurare a description as one
1s likely co gee.

Schnoreflers chemselves cend co be detuicen six and nine feet call, and are covercd all over wich
shaggy drown fur. They have impossibly long arms, and their pauilike hands have curved black claws
that are capadle of inflicting drucal wounds, Their faces are a curiosicy, wich sad ceddy-dear cyes
looking out over hideously unde mouths full of yellow ceech. Oddly enough, they have no noses.
Schnorrflers always yo naked, though occasionally they adorn themselves wich scrings of bones oR
other, less idenzifiadle odjects.

Tn any case, che original form of che Schnoreflers held co this image, and dy che cme che echnic
makeup of Oudleycoun had changed, the maye of che Schnoreflers was so thoroughly engraved in che
coun' subconscious thac they decame a self-perpetuacing inscicucion. Eshu [see above) cook che tales
of the creatures far and unde, and now the idea of che Schnorsflers 1s fueled 6y che dreams and
nightmares of Kicham across the world.

An average Schnorefler will have scars similar co chis:

Accriduces: Screngch 4, Oexcericy 3, Scamina 5, Dercepcion 4, Wics 2, Incelligence |

Abditicies: Brawl 4, Oodge 3, Survival 3, Sceatch 3, Delce |

Glamour: 8, Witt 5

te OK -1)-f-2 =< 2-5

@ Realicy - Schnorsflers can make themselves visible co mortals and can even hurc them
(chimerically, of course). They are fond of dlinking in and our in chis fashion while following a parcy
Of hikers, creating more and more delicious paranoia in cheir viccims. In order co appear co a morcal
the Schnorefler must roll ics Glamour (difficulcy equal co the morcals Banalizy). Gach success allows
the Schnoreficr co appear for one minute. Any dorch causes the Schnorefler co become Undone.


| The Oenizens of
} Graymere Glen

Lady Sascha

A serious student rather than a chaser after the
paranormal, Sascha Rominoff first set out to vanished
Dudleytown in order to reconcile her quest for her family
history with her academic love of archaeology. What she
found was beyond her wildest expectations. She believes
the lake itself spoke to her during her Chrysalis and told
her of her true heritage and destiny. This she keeps very
quiet; her hold over some of the freehold's inhabitants is
shaky enough as is without their thinking she's drunk a
little too much lead-dosed lake water

Sascha has spent the past year worrying about how
she is going to stay in Dudleytown when her academic
career ends, and this incessant worrying is actually taint-
ing her with more Banality than her situation would
warrant. She is full of ideas about setting up a historical
center or a research site, but is aware of the pitfalls of each
ofthese. In the meantime, she worries, and Banality gnaws
at her
Court: Seelie

Saint/Wretch

: Liam

Seeming: Wilder
ith: Sidhe

Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3,
Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Kenning 4
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Leadership 4, Melee 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 4,
Mythlore 5, Occult 3, Politics 2, Science 2
Arts: Chicanery 1, Soothsaying 2, Sovereign 4,
Wayfare |
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Nature 2, Scene 5
Backgrounds: Chimera 3 (a jeweled bird that records all
that Lady Sascha says and hears), Dreamers 2, Gremayre 3,
Holding 3, Resources 1, Retinue 3, Title 2, Treasure 2
Glamour: 9
Banality: 6
Willpower: 5

Image: To mortal eyes, Sascha is a tall, attractive
woman with chestnut hair that cascades down to her

waist. There's gypsy heritage somewhere in her face, and
most would describe her as "striking" rather than classi-
cally beautiful. She often wears sweatshirts and jeans, and
prefers comfortable clothing to ornate dress. To Kithain
eyes, she is not just striking, but majestic, and a cold fire of
command shines in her eyes. Six feet tall in mortal guise,
she seems even taller to the fae.

Roleplaying Hints: You think too much. When
consciously debating your actions, you tend to over
analyze, and consequently get yourself into trouble. In
noncrisis situations, waffle. When the situation does be
come critical, however, yournatural talent for commanding
emerges. The less time you spend thinking about your
decisions, the firmerand the more likely to be correct they
are. As weird as it is, Graymere Glen is yours, and you will
do whatever you must to defend it, whether this means
stringing out your thesis for an extra year or three to buy
more time at the glen, or seeding the woods with
Schnorrflers to keep the curious away

Your attitude toward your so-called court is one of
affectionate despair. Mostly isolated from the others of
your kith and House, you find that your love of Graymere
binds you more closely to the commoners you rule than to
your supposed equals. Tolerate informality almost to a
fault, and always be willing to listen. The final decisions
are yours, though, and you are painfully aware of this.


Rodin

Robin is the kinder of the two pooka brothers. A
gentle and not terribly bright soul, he genuinely tries to
laugh with people, not at them. Unfortunately, he has the
comedic timing of a cheese sandwich and the sense of
humor of a beached whale, and as such his star is con
stantly dimmed by the light of his brother's.

Lady Sascha's Herald, Robin was the first to bow to
her after her Saining on the waters of the Graymere. The
lake itself performed the ritual for the young sidhe, and
Robin was the only one brave enough to watch the whole
thing. He still gets all starry-eyed when asked about it, but
Lady Sascha asked him not to describe ittoanyone, and he
complies with her wishes. There is a growing rift between
Robin and Jeremiah over Lady Sascha, the latter heaping
scathing abuse on the former for his slavish devotion to a
quote-unquote "sidhe-it." Their fraternal bond has not yet
completely eroded, however, and the two still dwell to-
gether in the ruins of the old tin refinery

Both Jeremiah and Robin (not to mention the ageless
Ignatz) appear to be far younger than they are. As the twins
were born before the town was abandoned, they should be
40 years old, yet they don't look as if they're beyond their
teens. Both are stunted in growth, and neither appears to
have yet attained full sexual maturity. The best explana-
tion anyone can come up with is thata combination of the
Glamour from the lake and the lead in the water is
responsible. To date, no one has proposed anything else

even vaguely plausible.

66 [recholds and Midden Glens

Legacies: Wayfarer/Fool

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Appearance 2, Manipulation 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Expression 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge |

Skills: Brawl
Knowledges

Stealth 4, Survival 5

nigmas 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Legerdemain 3, Primal 3, Sooth-
saying 1

Realms: Fae 3, Nature 3, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Gremayre 3

Glamour: 9

Banality: 3

Willpower: 3

Image: Dwelling so close to the lake, Robin is almost
never seen by mortal eyes. Those who do see him spot a
nearly naked teenager, unwashed and swarthy, with bright
eyes anda too-wide smile. In his faerie form he has glowing
green eyes, and fuzz has started to creep over his cheeks
His appearance and attitude mimic that of a squirrel,
always twitching and squirming. He does in fact have a
long bushy tail in fae mien, and he absently twines it
around just about anything he can. Barely four feet tall, he
moves as if he has four feet (and four legs made entirely of
rubber). Robin is generally found nude when Lady Sascha's
court is not in session. When it is, he dresses in the best
finery he can scavenge. The effect is that of a touching
tatterdemalion.

Roleplaying Hints: You always mean well, temper-
ing your jokes with mercy (and you have a nagging
suspicion your jokes aren't that funny anyway). You think
about Moma lot more than Jeremiah does; sometimes you
suspect that he doesn't even remember her at all. Tell
jokes, but with Fozzie Bear's delivery and choice of mate-
rial

Revel in the first throes of puppy love, which you feel
fornone other than the Lady Sascha. Admit this to noone,
but if she asked for your heart as a tea cosy, you'd hand it
over yourself in an instant. When Sascha isn't present, try
to keep things the way she would like them to be. When
she is around, follow her closely but deny that you are

doing so.


cA

B>

Y
(
¢
f
(-
(
(f
(-
(f
f
IK

Yes

Jeremiah

Jeremiah is flat-out nasty. He's all the bad things that
Peter Pan's Lost Boys could have turned into, wrapped up
in one furry little ball of spite. It's not that he's actively
evil. Rather, he's utterly amoral, devoted almost exclu-
sively to his own pleasure. His only noble impulses are
directed toward Robin, and with Robin's growing devo-
tion to Sascha, that tie is melting away as well. Jeremiah's
anger comes more from the idea that Robin is paying
attention to someone else rather than Lady Sascha specifi
cally, but she has become the focus of his malice. On
account of this, he has been receiving certain overtures
from Lord Denis.

On his brighter days, Jeremiah is a joy to be around,
devilishly funny and charming. Most of the time, how
ever, the laughter at his jokes come as much from the relief
of those who were not his targets as the humor of the jests
themselves.

Jourt: Unseelie

‘ool/Wayfarer
eeming: Wilder
Kith: Pooka
Phys Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5
Skills: Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 1, Kenning 3,
Subterfuge 4, Stealth 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Mythlore 1
Arts: Chicanery 5, Legerdemain 5, Primal 1, Wayfare 1
3, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Gremayre 3

Realms: Actor 3,

Glamour: 9
Banality: 3
Willpower: 4

Image: Jeremiah, in human form, is utterly indistin
guishable from his brother. To Kithain eyes, though, there
are subtle differences. Jeremiah is more muscular, and
hairier as well. His brother may be the image of the
harmless squirrel, but Jeremiah has the predatory visage of
the weasel. Disdaining clothes entirely, he is the epitome
of the "wild child" image, all feral smile and quick fingers.
Where Robin's eyes are green, Jeremiah's are a poisonous
yellow

Jeremiah's chimeraare little tarsierlike creatures called
"Smoofs" that clamber through the trees wherever he
goes. They have soft, round eyes and brown fur, and there
are no real claws on their pink paws. They chitter and
laugh incessantly, often speaking with human voices, and

Jeremiah has discovered that they can serve much like a
remote microphone. What one hears, the others hear as
well, anda Smoof ina tree over Lady Sascha can relay what
it hears to a Smoof in Jeremiah's hand. Robin, while he is
aware of the Smoof's abilities, has not yet put two and two
together vis-a-vis what can be done with those powers.
Instead, he prefers to play with the Smoofs, and can spend
endless hours grooming the chimerical pets.

Roleplaying Hints: Be cruel, vicious, and sarcastic,
and that's on your good days. The world is nothing so
much as raw material for your jokes, and you intend to
make the difference between the raw and the cooked very
plain. Push things as far as you can with insults, practical
jokes, and brutal put-downs, then retreat behind the mask
of childish innocence when it looks like your actions are
about to catch up to you.

Lady Sascha has nothing but your contempt. For that
matter, just about everybody has nothing but your con.
tempt. Sascha is one of the hated sidhe, the other residents
of the freehold are intruders on what was your brother's
and yours, and Robin, well, he's the worst of all, selling out
to that uptight, prissy dictator. In your own twisted way,
show your love for Robin by trying to set him back on the
"right" path. Of course, this noble effort requires attempt
ing to shatter his devotion to Lady Sascha and he's not
buying any of it. Still, he is your brother, and as such
deserves one more chance. Maybe

Sir Oenis CDillard

A snob descended from an old-money family, Denis
Millard is a scion of one of the richest families in Hartford.
Denis' father, Marc, was the Lord who instigated the ill
fated attempted drug bust all those years ago, and while he
has long since succumbed to Banality and an overabun
dance of cholesterol, Denis has never forgotten the shame
in his father's eyes when he told of that day. Denis' uncle,
Matthew, now rules in Marc's stead, but Denis is quite the
ambitious wilder,

A Harvard graduate student in archaeology, Denis
always kept an eye out for mentions of Dudleytown in
academic journals. When Sascha's first paper came to his
attention, he immediately wrote to her, praising her work
to the skies, attempting to get into her good graces. The
plan worked surprisingly well, and eventually she invited
him out to the site. Once there he stood revealed in his
sidhe nature just as plainly as she, and he has been playing
games of romance with her ever since. Under different
circumstances his affection might not be entirely feigned,
but as things stand, Lady Saseha's destruction, a gift to his
late father, is all that Denis holds dear in Dudleytown. He
is currently plotting with Jeremiah to bring down the court


of Graymere Glen, but he badly underestimates the little
pooka's intelligence. For that matter, Denis suffers from the
typical sidhe flaw of underestimating the intelligence of
everyone around them, In the end, this may well cost him
Unseelie
es: Rake/Courtier

iona

Wilder

Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4,
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Kenning 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Leadership 4,
Melee 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Investigation 1,
Law 3, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 2, Politics 4
Ari gerdemain sovereign 5, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Props 4
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 3, Dreamers 2,
Mentor 3, Resources 5, Title 2, Retinue 1, Treasures 2
Glamour:
Banality:
Willpower: 6

Image: Once removed from the mere's effects, Denis
is a movie-star handsome man of mixed African and
European ancestry. A good two inches over six feet, he is
lean and lithe in a way that suggests certain of the larger
cats. Always dressed just a little better than the situation
might suggest, he has a flair for standing out, effortlessly,
from the crowd. To the sidhe (and there are no other
Kithain whose opinions he worries about), Sir Denis
always appears in richly tailored courtiers' clothes of
purple and gold. His classic handsomeness is transformed
into an unearthly beauty that seems to be lit from within,
and he is always tastefully adorned with gold and jewelry

Sir Denis has in fact been knighted, and he has
demonstrated his prowess at numerous tourneys. Truth be
told, he fights dirty, but he looks good (in gold-chased,
purple-enameled chimerical plate mail) while doing so.
His sword, a thin, bastard-length blade, is also chimerical
and bears the name "Serpent's Tooth." The allusion is not
lost on those who know him

As for Denis' Treasure, it is a simple switch of golden
tod, dried and bound up with grass. When beaten against the
ground once, itcreates a milk-white chimerical stallion that
can outrun the fastest racehorse alive. Should Denis strike
the stallion once with the goldenrod, the beast vanishes.

Roleplaying Hints: Step by step, slow and sure, this
is how you are going to wreak vengeance on the bastards
who did such damage to your father's holding all those
years ago. Be all smiles for this so-called "Lady" who
associates with pooka, sluagh, and, for all you know, farm
animals, but never forget that she and hers are going to be
paid back in blood. Until the day you can exact your
father's revenge, though, it's polite as can be to "Lady"
Sascha. Too bad she has to die; she's moderately attractive
in a confused sort of way

Ignore all of the others. They might as well be lawn
furniture for all the attention you pay them. If they get the
idea you're courting their precious "Lady," so much the
better. It'll throw them off the scent of what you're really up
to. The only one worth talking to is that bratty Jeremiah,
who hates Sascha as much as you do. Still, once his usefulness

is at an end, you'll probably have him stuffed and mounted.

Ignacz

Ignatzrunsa well-sequestered (read: hidden and highly

illegal) head shop out of his trailer in the woods to the west
of Graymere. He's been set up there from time immemorial;
some 1920s-era pictures of bootleggers in the local newspa
per morgue feature a character who looks suspiciously like
a younger Ignatz. A master of arts pharmaceutical, Ignatz
commonly receives visitors from colleges as far away as
Vassar, UMass, and Brown, and subculture legends of

"Wild Man Iggy" have spread his name far and wide. It is


fumored that Ignatz has a small fortune tucked away
somewhere in the ramshackle chaos of his trailer, but his
real treasure lies in his storehouse of esoteric knowle

Ignatz, being far more sociable and communicative
than most sluagh, was the one who tipped off the victims
of the 1970 raid. He befriended the Schnorrflers long
before Robin and Jeremiah did, and occasionally he can
getthem to obey certain of his requests. Both the growing
tft between Robin and Jeremiah and the presence of Sir
Denis fill Ignatz with nagging discomfort, but at the
moment he doesn't feel he's gathered enough informa-
tion to act intelligently on the matter

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Hermit/Riddler
Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sluagh

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: , Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Dodge

Perception
Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Intimidation 2, Kenning 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Firearms 2, Security 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Enigmas 4, Law 2, Medicine 4, Occult 2,

Politics 1, Science 2

Knowledge

Arts: Chicanery 2, Primal 4, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 2,
Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 4, Prop 2, Scene
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 5, Dreamers
Gremayre 3, Resources 4, Treasures 3

Glamour: 7

Banality: 7

Willpower: 7
Imag
drug-crazed ex- hippie, trying to cling to the'60s when 80s

‘o the un-Glamoured eye, Ignatz is one more

nostalgia is all the rage. His hair is frizzed out in nine
million different directions, and his beard leaks down
nearly to his knees. His eyes are bright and blue, though
opinions vary as to precisely which of Ignatz's pharmaceu-
tical concoctions produces this effect. Stooped, bent, and
withered with age, Ignatz looks to have survived this long
merely so that he could point to himself in crowd scenes
during screenings of the film Woodstock. Kithain see not
so much withering but wizening, however, and those
bright eyes are large as saucers to their vision. In faerie
form, Ignatz is much less amusing and far more terrifying,
forthere isnoescape from his gaze anywhere in Dudleytown.
His thin armsare corded like tree branches; the ends of his
long, thin fingers are tipped with wicked black claws.
While he still wears tatters, these are the shreds of ancient
finery, and all of his clothes are the color of dried blood.
From the woven leather belt at his waist hangs a mortar
and pestle of what he claims is chimerical silversteel, and
which purifies any substances ground within it.

Some travelers who have met him have openly com-
pared Ignatz to the legendary Fir Darrig, or Red Man, of
Irish legend. The fae have legends of this character as well,
which identify him as a malicious trickster with a taste for
blood and sorrow. While Iggy himself is no fan of violence,
his appearance and his taste for the nasty practical joke
have made enough people wonder that he is starting to
draw attention from very lofty circles indeed. The mere
mention of the legend around Iggy is enough to drive him
into a rage, but that doesn't keep people from talking once
they've left his trailer. Ignatz's Treasure is a rhinoceros
horn, which under Glamour transmogrifies into the horn
ofa unicorn. This is extremely useful for one in Iggy's line
of work, as it turns purple when exposed to any poisonous
mixtures. Italso has limited healing abilities, in that if laid
on the breast of a poison (or overdose) victim, it will purify
their blood and drive the poison out. It can only perform
that function once per day, but it'sa cold day in Hell indeed
when Iggy lets more than one person OD on his doorstep.

Roleplaying Hints: So they think you're crazy? Mebbe
they don't think you're crazy enough! Be wild, ramble,
drool, and quote extensively from Kerouac. Then, just
when everyone's decided you're utterly loony, give ‘em a
wink and let ‘em know that some of it is an act. Just how
much, well, that's for them to figure out. More to the point,
that's for them to worry about.

Use your rep as a drug-addled old man to your advan-
tage. People will talk a lot more freely in front of someone
they consider to be harmless. Gather information, yes, but

Chapcer Four: Graymere Glen


Iggys CDagic Voodoo "Oh-Dy-Lord-Ie's-A Comin-
or-CDe' Docions, Cushrooms and Wacky Todacky

In addicion co producing normal hallucmogens and whacnor for his discerning chenccle, Iggy also
pRepares Recreational pharmaceucicals for Kichain. he maincains several garden plors right on the
lakes shore for his mushrooms, cannadis saciva, and other herdal dependencs, leccing chem suck up
Glamour along anch lake wacer. As might d¢ expected, even afrer Iggys preparations, drugs made
from chose planzs tend to produce effects that can only dc descrided as wild.

(hile there 1s no set Response co one of Iggys special potions (or joncs, oR shrooms, oR
wihacever), the ¢ffeccs tend co fall inco three major categories: playing games wich Glamour, the
creation of chimera, and just plain weirdness. The first 1s the casiest co idencify, as Iggys produces
often resulc m wild Fluecuacions m temporary or even permanent Glamour. A dad crip can scrip a

ichain of all temporary Glamour, leaving them alone and defenseless even as the halluemations
conemue. On the ocher hand, some lucky changelngs find chemselves suddenly aware of che beaucy
in a particular piece of plywood, or che carapace of a dcecle, or cheir own hands even, and as such
find cheir temporary Glamour scores skyrockecing.

The second effec, che creacion of chimera, 1s Reasonadly self-explanacory. There are chings besides
Schnoreflers wandering in the woods now, and Igqy's more or less Responsidle for all of chem, As for
cffeee number three, well, suffice 1 co say that anything can and has happened under che influence of
Iggys Specials. Loorprines chat glow, eyes chat wander randomly around Faces, the loss of cen years
Of age or che growrch of an excra sec of arms... all of these have decn known co occur. While effecrs of
this sore are relacively Rare, chey happen ofcen enough co have helped spread lygys legend far and wide.

On a final noce, Ignarz clams co have never given a Special co a morcal. In chis he 18 in face tying.
Hedoesn'c bocher ladeling most of his Specials, suspeccing (rightly) chac any accempe co oRGanize such
chings wiould weaken cheir power. As such, morcals who yet one of lygys Specials all have remarkably
similar cRips, which usually involve seem fairies all over che place. Vecerans of the halluemogeme
scene, parcicularly those who have already taken a crip on che Glamour shroom exprcss, merely
regard chis as proof thar Iggy docs in face make che dest scuff around.

not just forits own sake. You've gotan agenda (keeping the
flame of the '60s alive, protecting the glen, putting a ski
pole sideways up the butt of authority), and every move
you make is a step on the path to achieving these ends.

Never forget what forced you to hide out in the woods

.: (actually, you have forgotten it, but feel free to make up
‘ three or four wild stories, all mutually contradictory, that
\ you share with the players), and treat Banality like it's a

personal insult. Oh yes, and make a profit on your little

=\7e that didn't need money, and you're personally going to

\ chemical concoctions, too. Ain't never been a revolution

make sure that the next one's well funded

Heacher

Though the 1970, chase was a seminal event
Graymere Glen's history, eventually most of the partie
pants moved away and succumbed to Banality. Heatherl
the child of two such, who took up residence in Cornwall
aS the [proprietors Of a: restaurant and gradually Jem
dreams of thelr wilder days and mad excursions veal


Heather, a precocious child, helped out around the
festaurant's kitchen from the time that she was barely old
enough to walk, and gradually discovered in herself a
Stunning talent for cooking and baking. She also had in
her much of the wildness that had marked her parents'
younger days, and dimly, they smiled to see it

Part of that wildness took the form of day trips and
rambles in the local woods, and these inevitably led her to
the ruins of Dudleytown. She was nine when she saw her
first Schnorrfler, old enough to doubt what her eyes told
her, and her experiences in the fae realm were spotty and
intermittent for years. It was not until she quit college,
came home, and opened a gourmet bakery out of her
parent's back kitchen that she came to truly accept the
possibilities of what she'd seen way back when.

Heather's role in the dynamics of Dudleytown is
ambiguous. Everyone loves her, even Jeremiah, but at
various times they've all wished she would go away and
mother someone else. Still, it is Heather that Lady Sascha
tums to for counsel on delicate matters in the glen. She
watches Lady Sascha's blossoming romance with Sir Denis
with a matchmaker's delight (despite the fact that she had
nothing to do with it) and is completely taken in by Denis'
charm. She despairs of Ignatz, due in large part to his habit
of calling her "Flat Janis." She never turns up at the glen
without at least one large batch of cookies.

Court: Seelie

Lega Crafter/Scrooge

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Boggan

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Aanipulation 2

Social , Charisma 3,

Menta
Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 4, Expression 2,

Appearance

erception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Kenning 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Crafts 5 (cooking), Drive 1, Enigmas 3
Knowledges: Medicine 2, Mythlore 1

Arts: Soothsay

Realms: Nature 3, Actor 5, Fae 1

Backgrounds: Chimera 1, Contacts 1, Dreamers 3,

Shicanery 1, Primal

Resources 2

Glamour

More of an "earth big sister" than an "earth
mother," Heather is a radiantly cheerful, earth-tones kind
of person. Though not more than an inch overfive feet, she
still gives an image of rock-solid strength. Weighing in at
alittle over 170 pounds, she refuses to bow to the winds of

fashion, and in fact she generally wears a well-worn apron

bearing the legend "Someone's Cooking Now." Ignatz
once described her as "what Janis woulda looked like if
someone had stepped on her," and it's hard to disagree. Her
boggan visage is, if possible, even shorter and rounder,
emphasizing the strength in her hands and the laughter in
her eyes. Jeremiah claims that her coke-bottle glasses have
been spot-welded to the back of her head, and he's got the
bruises to prove he's tried to check out this theory
Roleplaying Hints: There are no impossible prob-
lems, only people unwilling to put nose to grindstone to
solve them. Your wit is tart, but never malicious, and
everything you say or do is intended to help people better
themselves. Constantly fiddle with things to set them
right. If you see an untied shoelace, tie it. If you see a bit
of food at the corner of someone's mouth, dab it away for
them with the corner of your apron. Demonstrate with
every word how happy you are with yourself, but always be
concerned for others who aren't as lucky as you are. Start
sentences with "Now now now..." and "I know it's not my
place to ask, but..." frequently. If someone refuses your
help, take it with good grace. There'll be plenty of oppor-
tunities later on, and you can always help them without

their knowing it

Curopa

A wanderer, Europa (the name isone she took herself,

and she relishes the irony) has already lived enough for a
dozen people. A dabbler in modern dance, singing,
songwriting, mime, and magic, she's performed on street
comers from Harvard Square to Haight-Ashbury. But the
streets are getting a little mean for her, and the winds are

Chapcer Four: Graymere Glen 71


alittle colder than they used to be, and one day she decided
to take a break from it all. Her rusted Volvo sits on Main
Street, barely distinguishable from the automotive corpses
around it, but somehow it gets her to renaissance fairs and
festivals all over the East Coast. She claims to be a friend
of authors, dancers, singers, and all sorts of famous folk,
and has produced evidence to this effect on the rare
occasions when she's been challenged

Europa is getting a bit tired of the road's incessant
grind, and is considering settling down for a while. Her
current plan, no more than half-formed, involves running
acommunity arts center. Cornwall looks appealing to her,
both for its relative isolation and for its nearness to
Graymere. The glen's other residents have no inkling that
she's contemplating settling down, and are merely glad
she's there as often as she is. She sees through Denis in that
she recognizes how false he is, but she doesn't realize the
depth of his malice. For the moment, she is content to let
Sascha work out her romantic disasters for herself.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Orchid/Peacock
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Eshu
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Appearance 4, Manipulation 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Brawl 2,

Kenning 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1, Expression
Skills: Performance 5, Stealth 3, Security 2, Survival 3,
Drive 2, Firearms |

Politics 2

Knowledges: Law 2, Mythlore 2, Occult
Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 2, Primal 1, Soothsay 3
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 3, Scene |
Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 4, Dreamers 4,
Gremayre 3, Resources 1, Treasures 2
Glamour: 8

Banality: 6

Willpower: 5

Frecholds and Midden Glens

Image: A slender woman with head half shaved,
Europa claims at times to be part Native American, part
African, part Asian, and at least half Jewish. Her beauty is
exotic enough that any or all of her claims could be true;
her almond eyes, high cheekbones, and cafe-latte com-
plexion speak of a wildly diverse ancestry. She often
dresses in ragged, baggy clothes, which conceal her form
from all but the most intent ogler. Her walkman appears to
have been surgically implanted, and she moves to what
ever melody is currently pouring through its headphones.

When seen in her eshu form, Europa's beauty be
comes even more exotic, and Robin swears that her skin
actually glows, softly. Her eyes lose their pupils, becoming
asolid, velvety black. While she smiles frequently, Europa's
smiles rarely show her teeth. On the occasions when they
do, even Ignatz ducks for cover.

Europa is fond of pulling chimerical knives, usually
flame-bladed, from various portions of her costuming. She
typically wears black velvet or silk, marked with a crimson
sash that can hold a trio of blades. She invariably goes
barefoot, and rarely leaves footprints where she walks

In addition to her knives, Europa has a chimerical
talking drum which, when asked questions ina sufficiently
polite manner, sometimes responds while she is playing it
The drum is of some nameless dark wood, and close
inspection of the drum head reveals that the leather came
from no earthly beast. Then again, few people are likely to
get that close to Europa, or her drum

Roleplaying Hints: On the knife-edge between wilder
and grump, you're getting a bit tired of the road. Graymere
seems.a good enough place, with few rules and fewer people,
for you to settle down for a while until the traveling bug
bites you again. You've been realizing lately, though, that
you're not sure that you want it to bite. This worries you

Never answer a question directly when you can spin
a story that illustrates the same effect but takes twice as
long; never use one word where a hundred will do. You
don't intentionally wrap others in your mystery, but you
secretly find it pleasing that they're all drawn in by you
anyway. Take attention to your words as nothing less than
your due, and woe betide anyone who dares interrupt you.


DTORY Ideas

© A band of Unseelie raiders trash Ignat

search of his rumored stash. The characters, on their way

to see "Wild Man
corralled by him ir

for purposes of their own, are
» hunting down those responsible
With the perpetrators still in the woods somewhere near
the glen, the players must reach the defilers before the
tavening Schnorrflers do, or before the chimera mistake
them for the perpetrators. And why does Sir Denis keep
sending them off in the wrong direction

© The

Highsummer Night when the driver of their carsees

players are driving cross-country on
ahuge
furry beast come out of the woods and onto the road. Not
surprisingly, they crash, and the last thing they see is a
pooka wilder laughing at them. They awaken later in

Graymere to the sight of strange Kithain, including (they

think) the pooka who took such delight in their accident
Can the players uncover what really happened? Will the
tum the entire freehold against them in their quest for the
truth? Robin will cover for Jeremiah until the ends of th
earth, and Jeremiah will encourage such behavior, but
Jeremiah the one for whom Robin Id be coverin
is there something more sinister afoot

© Sir Denis is not unknown to the players
the misfortune of incurring his displeasure at a I
festival in the recent past. As new arrivals in Dudley
they see through his machinations, but he holds Lady
Sascha's ear and has her convinced that their accusations
are merely sour grapes. Can the other members of Sasc
court be rallied to her aid, and will the truth be reve
before Denis steps up his timetable and wreaks his father's

vengeance on the freehold?



a Sl lu
By Allen Tower

Savannah, ¢ The name conjures images of

vacationers, a bustling port city, and stately remnants of an
era long since past. While pirates and privateers once
called it home, "magical" and "mysterious" are no longer
words that are readily associated with the city. However,
near the Savannah River in the old part of town, there lies

asecret, a haven, hidden in the darkness of plain sight
Surrounded by lush, luxuriant hedges, Florist Primaeval is

a verdant island within the concrete confines of the city

[oristDrimaeval

Surrounded on all sides by thick and well-maintained
hedges (which conceal a sturdy chainlink fence), very
little of the glen is visible from the street. Only the tops of
large oaks, draped with wisteria and Spanish moss, hint at
what might lie within. The street entrance is a gate of
wrought iron, with the name, Florist Primaeval, etched
into the scrollwork. If one peers through the g:
scarce a casual passerby is wont to do, no structures are

immediately visible. Rather, one is struck by the seemingly

patternless abundance of flora. The drive curves to the
right, as if to avoid the flowering weeping willow. A
particularly astute observer might notice, barely visible
between the branches of the willow, a small building
almost a cottage, deep within
For whatever reason, it seems that visitors and cus:
tomers rarely, if ever, enter the gates. Should a first-time
visitor wander under the iron arch, her senses would be
‘aulted by the sheer bounty within. Flowers and blooms
of every color, plants of every shade of green natural to that
s that cast cool, inviting
A melange
moist, loamy smell of a mossy bank, to the heady perfume

part of the world, and tall oak
shadows fill the vision of scents, from the
ofathousand blossoms, threaten to overwhelm the visitor
The soft susuration of water, the g

atle rustling of count
less trees and shrubs, the chattering of squirrels and the
muted sounds of birdcalls all combine to form a natural
symphony, the meaning of which lies just beyond the
reach of the conscious mind. The sense of leaving Savan
nah behind is surprising in its completeness, and more
than a bit discomfiting to some.

Chapcer five: [orist Drimacval


Once the visitor's senses have recovered, details be-
gin to filter in. A testament to its design, one cannot
escape the impression that the grounds are much larger
within than without. Directly ahead is the weeping wil
low, forcing the road to bear to the right. The mossy base
of the tree practically begs for one to sit and forget one's
troubles. A small pond dominates the center of vision,
surrounded by narcissus and lilies. It is fed by a quietly

babbling brook which must be artificial, though it appears

to be more natural than any other an observer can readily
recall. To the left, a small hill rises; at its crest stands a
majestic oak, which spreads its limbs and shade almost
protectively over a small group of rose bushes. The roses
themselves grow into the hedges on this side of the fence,
the boundary between the world outside and the serenity
within. To the right, the drive gently meanders around
small hillocks, dotted with clover and heather, until it
comes to rest before a rather small and oddly fitting
cottage
This is the central f Florist Primaeval, as well
as the home of Dou, 3 s, its main caretaker. The
interior is neat and simple, and seems almost plain after
the excess that surrounds it. The front room, which takes
up nearly half of the cottage, is a spacious reception area
though for all appearances it has been some time since it
has seen very many customers. To the back is a small
kitchen, a Spartan bedroom and a small bath, A stone
porch frames the rear of the cottage, and faces a gabled
ivy-cloaked, two-story house, which stands surrounded by
violets, daffodils, and white roses
This is the home of Lady Una Laurence, built for her
by her adoring mortal husband Arthur, Inside, it is spa
cious and airy, with tall ceilings and carefully placed
windows, allowing for both maximum light and a broad
view of the surrounding flora. The furniture and decora
tion reflect Una Laurence's fae aesthetic: antiques chosen
for appearance and comfort as opposed to price and value;
Romantic, impressionistic portraits and landscapes; and
in every room some type of plant life. The delicate scent
of seasonal flowers fills the house, the individual fragrance
varying from room to room. Members of the household
dwell on the first floor; the second is reserved for Lady Una
and the memory of Arthur. From the cupola window of the
master bedroom, the entirety of the latter portion of the
garden is visible. A small drying shed adjoins the back of
the house, forming the western border of an herb garden
Further to the west lies an unfinished hedge maze. Only
the perimeter and the southern portion have been planted,
though there are some signs (markers, stakes, and tools)
that its completion is underway. A diminutive gazebo sits
shtly elevated hillock to the east; the surrounding


foliage has been planted and trimmed in such a way as to
ensure that the site is illuminated by the first rays of the
sun

To the north, a peculiar, glass-roofed stone building
fills the small hollow between a circle of hills crowned by
oaks. [t seems unlikely that a casual observer would notice
anything unusual here; the oaken canopy provides year-
round camouflage, mistletoe filling the spaces left by
qutumn's passing. The short hills themselves cradle the
structure, making itall but invisible. A dedicated searcher
‘or someone who knows what they're looking for, would
find a narrow path to the west that weaves between the
living columns, opening before a heavy, dark wooden
door. An ornate yet functional brass lock secures it from
the casually curious, and inlaid on its panels is an intricate
design of stylized orchids. This is the door to the orchid
house. Within, the air lies hot and heavy, and clings
moistly to the skin. Movement is somewhat akin to
swimming; languor seems inescapable here. The plants
themselves are in various stages of bloom. Flowers of every
color, even the rare black orchid, have been planted in
abundance, and apparently at random; the effect is oddly
pleasing, though perhaps also somewhat distracting. Itisas
ifa pattern exists that cannot be immediately discerned
Toward the back, behind the miniature palm stand, is a
large earthen kiln; the fire within is clearly visible. Judging
from the inconspicuous pipes that extend out from it, as
well as the increase in temperature as one approaches that

corner of the room, it is fair to assume that this is the heat

source for the tropical microcosm

To Kithain, everything about Florist Primaeval is
vibrant and alive. Colors are hyperreal, and individual
scents can be distinguished from the perfumed air. In
contrast to the discomfort and uneasiness that mortals
feel, the Kithain experience an immediate sense of be
longing. This feeling grows stronger the greatera character's
Gremayre rating; the garden reflects bits and pieces of
Arcadia, and can instill a feeling of nostalgia in even the
most hardened Kithain heart. Everything begs, demands
to be experienced

A imless wandering will eventually lead to the orchid
house; anyone with sufficiently high Kenning will feel the
invisible tug of Glamour from this direction, the
permeates the entire area. Within the orchid hous
sation is all the more vivid. The warm, heavy air seems to
embrace the Kithain, offering succor from the cold chill of
the banal world. The warm glow of balefire flows from the
earthen kiln and casts long shadows that seem almost
alive. Here there is safety. Glamour is abundant, and

capricious, is tinged with a touch of resolute

and bittersweet yearning


Pisco RY

The grounds and structures of Florist Primaeval were
largely shaped by mortal hands. Arthur Laurence began to
build this home as a tribute to his beloved wife; later, it
became his singular obsession. The tragic history of this
freehold parallels the equally unfortunate life of its Lady,
Una Laurence

In the springtime of their love, Arthur began to make
the dreams of his adored Una a reality. As a testament of
his love and appreciation, he built hera home he believed
she would cherish, inspired by her own vision. The two:
story house was an unqualified success, a fragment of

Arcadia made real. Una was greatly touched, and he was

unabashedly pleased to bring her such happiness. Unfor
tunately, Arthur was blind to the pain she suffered at this
physical reminder of all that was lost. Despite their abun:
dant pleasure in one another, the seeds of despair and
estrangement were born, and over time took root in fertile
ground.

Though their love was true, the duality of Una's life
slowly became an ineffable chasm between them. Upon
every occasion that she determined to confide in Arthur
1 dark capricious mood would come over her, and she
would remain silent. It seemed as if Arthur knew that
something was wrong. In an attempt to remedy the grow
ing silence within Una, he began to transform their home
intoa garden that reflected all of his skill and vision. To his
credit, he succeeded admirably, yet each new success only
caused Una more sadness. Her home came to remind her
all the more of her beloved and lost Arcadia, and she spent
many hours in solitary, wandering contemplation. She
appreciated the effort Arthur was making, and loved him
all the more for it, but it only caused the distance between
them to grow ever greater

Thinking that perhaps Banality was creeping in upon

her, she made her only request to Count Morrig, the ruling

noble of Savannah and its environs; she asked that he
allow her to establish a freehold on her property. To the
surprise of many, he agreed. Una cloaked this project from
her unaware husband with a subtle deception. She culti
vated an interest in orchids, knowing that such delicate
ind temperamental plants were beyond his expertise
Arthur encouraged this diversion, silently hoping that it
would fill whatever mysterious needs were consuming her
When she secured her own contractors and builders (arti
sans in the employ of the count), he readily agreed. Una

spent a great deal of time in the orchid house, and for a

SMSO AAUA

gar
hun

while it seemed to heal her. Sadly, as she spent more and
more of her time there, away from Arthur, the distance
between them began to grow

Miscommunication, fed by Una's perverse silence,
provided fertile sustenance for their growing dissatisfac
tion. Arthur became like a man possessed; he contracted
much of his remaining work out to grateful competitors,
and devoted increasingly more time to the transformation
of their home. His work was more brilliant than ever, but
he could not see it. His only concern, indeed, his obses
sion, was to create an environment that would return his
beloved wife to her once smiling and happy self. Con
cerned that her husband was overworking himself, Una
began to select retainers who were willing to work along.
side Arthur and never reveal their fae nature. The first and
most stalwart of these was a troll wilder named Douglas
Biggins. Douglas took on the few remaining commercial
obligations, leaving more time for Arthur to work on the
garden. Completing the garden seemed to be Arthur's
only concern, and he worked ar it feverishly. One morning
Douglas found the remains of this once vibrant but now
shattered man hanging by a length of rope from an oaken
branch, his feet tapping the door of the orchid house
Arthur was laid to rest at the base of the weeping willow,
so that he might see all who enter or leave his treasured
garden.

The hedge maze, the only unfinished section of the
garden, is forbidden to all save Una. She sometimes
wanders there late at night; always she is quietly despon
dent when she returns. Some have reported having heard
her speak, as if to another, during these walks; Douglas'
stony countenance, however, put an end to such gossip
quickly enough. Twyla swears that she has seen a misty,
indistinct figure prowling the garden late at night, but
most attribute this to a pooka prank. Both Douglas and
Garrett have made it clear that such talk is tantamount to

insulting Una, and unwelcome in their presence.

Due to Douglas' silent diligence, Florist Primaeval

has retained its few customers, and they are willing to pay

handsomely for the unique style of gardening it offers. Una
insists that laborers be hired according to need and will
ingness to work, though the majority of their duties are
maintenance. Even customers seem reluctant to enter the
garden; most orders are placed by phone. It is rare that a
human passes through the wrought-iron gates.


yusehold

Notall of the residents are permanent members of the
household. Florist Primaeval has recently been opened to
visitors, mostly due to the influence of Twyla and Douglas,
and it is possible to encounter any of the fae inhabitants of
Savannah onthe nursery's grounds

Una Laurence/ Lady Una
CDorrounnd

Lady Una, cast out of Arcadia in 1969, came toa very
different Earth than the one of fae memory. The reasons
for her exile have been forgotten, a casualty of the Mists,
but it is known that her exile was neither inhumane nor
haphazard; Una replaced a mortal girl, Martine Jenkins, so
that she would have some protection from Banality. That
summer, Martine had a nervous breakdown; for days she
seemed dazed, apparently responding to things that weren't
there, speaking of fantastical events, and sobbing incon:
solably. Her parents never considered professional help.
Once they were certain that her condition wasn't drug
related, they did what they thought was best; they gave her
time and love. It seemed to do the trick, and Martine
slowly returned to her senses, though she was never quite
the same

For Una, the exile was particularly harsh. She was
young, and had endless summers of pleasure and romance
ahead of her. To be cast suddenly into the role of a quiet
human teenager from suburbia was almost more than she
could bear. If not for the obvious concern the Jenkins'
showed the girl they thought to be their daughter, she
would have forgotten all. Instead, she resolved to make the
best of it; a world in which parents so cared for their
children could not be irredeemable

In the following year, Una (an affectation her parents
were willing to grant her) threw herself into her studies.
She greeted every subject with enthusiasm, as if it were a
new discovery. The arts drew her like a moth to flame,
although, surrounded only by high school artists, it was
easy to starve for Glamour. Still, the improvement in her
grades and attitude won her admission into the Savannah
College of Art and Design (SCAD)

To mortal eyes, her first year was peaceful and serene,
save for one "minor" incident. A seemingly innocuous
school outing to Fort Pulaski turned into a harrowing
gauntlet for Una; she became separated from her group,
and it turned out that a small band of nunnehi were in the
area. During the five hours she was "lost," Una was taunted
and harried across the historical sight, driven further and
further from the safety of human company. Her flight,
however, was not without purpose. Using the Arts of

[recholds and Mrdden Glens

Primal and Soothsay, Una learned the lay of the land, and
worked this to her advantage. She also discovered a
hidden cache of weapons and cold iron, brought by "the
dark ones," according to the trees. So armed, she hid
herself in the hollows of the dunes and made her stand
The nunnehi, not expecting any serious resistance, fled,
carrying their wounded, as Una assailed them with cold
iron-tipped arrows. Surviving such an attack, as well as
uncovering weapons that were presumably intended for
foul purposes, won her much fame, as well as the favor of
Baron Morrig's court. Some say that the Baron's exposure
of the Shadow Court's assassination attempt on Elena,
duchess of the southern coast, can be attributed in nosmall
part to Una's initial discovery. There is neither confirma
tion nor denial of this scenario, though the baron, now
Count Morrig, holds great esteem for Una

In her early years at SCAD, Una kept herself close to
the center of the arts scene, though she was never a direct
contributor. Soon, her attachment to artists and their
eventual successes earned her the nickname "Muse." When,
she learned of this, however, Una withdrew, fearing that

she had made her Reveries too obvious, and began 0]

cultivate solitude. Long walks became a regular ritual for
her. Her cloak of alienation protected her, and after a

while the nickname faded; but her withdrawal had ane J

other, more unexpected effect. When unoccupied, Una

began to have visions, almost waking dreams, of they

aching beauty of lost Arcadia. It became a viscious, melt
ancholy circle; the self-imposed loneliness fed the longing)
and the longing fed the loneliness.

oh 2 a ee

Itwas during one of these walking fugues that Una met
Arthur Laurence. She found herself walking in a walled
garden, and images of Arcadia kept flitting in and out of her
mind: snippets of a ballad, the musical laughter of fellow
Sidhe, mythical plants and animals. Reality and memory
blurred; Una was unsure of what was real and what was
illusion, and less sure that it mattered. For one brief
moment, she was home. Rounding a corner, she seemed to
see a servant misplacing a rosebush. Annoyed, she in-
formed him that it didn't belong where he was putting it,
but to the left, as it was in her memory. The young man
paused, looking from her to the spot she indicated, then
nodded and moved the bush. When he had finished, he
smiled and introduced himself as Arthur Laurence.

Completely embarrassed, Una was ata loss for words
Arthur complimented her eye for harmony, and asked her
ifshe was pleased with the results. With a mute nod, Una
glanced at him, truly seeing him for the first time. She liked
what she saw, and offered a tentative smile. Taking that as
asign of encouragement, Arthur offered to show her the
test of the garden. As they walked, he asked her opinions,
and Una responded with the aesthetic sense that came
from her memory of Arcadia. He was an attentive listener,
and took note of all she said without question. When he
offered to escort her home, she could not refuse. Arthur
asked if he could see her again, and she readily agreed

That fortunate meeting led to many more. Una found
herself gradually warming to the earnest young man. He
spoke often of his landscape work, and gave her tours of his
"works in progress." He always welcomed Una's com-
ments, and his work flourished. The two achieved a rare,
magical synergy; her comments would spur Arthur to
greater and greater success. Una cautiously reaped the
Glamour from his creations, and even more cautiously
began to open herself to him. Their meetings became
dates, and romance bloomed as surely as any plant under
Arthur's care. Within the year they were wed

Una loved Arthur immensely, yet not with all her
heart. How could she, when in truth she was not of his
kind; she was fae and he was human? She felt their
differences acutely, and was often overtaken by brooding
silences. Arthur put forth every effort to make her happy,
even creating the garden of her dreams, and she held him
all the dearer for it. Yet how could she explain that his gift
of love, drawn from her dreams of Arcadian youth, only
made her suffering more poignant? With noble gratitude,
she accepted his tribute in the spirit it was given, and
endeavored to keep her yearning to herself. Her silences
grew and came to cast a shadow over the marriage.

In desperation, Una requested and received a favor

from Count Morrig. She wished to create a freehold on the

grounds, a place where the Dreaming would be closer to

her. She hoped that such a powerful reminder of Arcadian
Glamour would allow her to see her home in contrast, as
merely a gift from her beloved, and not a torturous re-
minder of that which was lost. Sadly, the opposite occurred.
Over time, the Glamour of the balefire mingled and
multiplied with the Glamour formed by Arthur's dedi-
cated creations. Her home became more magical, and Una
fell prey to its call, growing further removed from the banal
world outside its hedges. She came to view Arthur as an
alien force of restraint. Though she loved him still, the call
of the Dreaming pulled more strongly on her Romantic
heart. He seemed oblivious to this subtle shift, and focused
more and more on completing the garden. Una came to
believe that the grounds held the place in his soul that
once was hers. Yet, it was she who first abandoned him, so
she said nothing. His obsession grew so powerful that he
would work all night, and well into the morning.
Oftentimes, Douglas would bring Arthur's exhausted body
to the house, where Una waited. After a time, he ceased to
come back to the house at all, but merely slept where he
collapsed. One morning, the somber giant brought Una
Arthur's worn body, snapped at the neck, noose still
around his throat. She accepted his death resolutely, silent
tears the only sign of her broken heart. Her silence grew,
and for years, she mourned his loss.

Time, however, numbs, ifnot heals, even the deepest of
wounds. Gradually, Una came to believe that her self-im-
posed seclusion was having a deleterious effect on her. Oddly
unsettling dreams of Arthur plagued her, and at times she was
certain she could still hear his voice. She had even begun to
find herself responding to the whisperings only she seemed to
hear. Fearing the classical signs of the first threshold of
Bedlam, she determined to reenter the society of humans.

At first, she dedicated herself to charity work. It was
as if she felt she could atone for the misery she caused
Arthur by giving aid and hope to those in need. By the
mid- 80s, she was sitting on advisory boards of several large
charities, and much of the money from Douglas' customers
was redirected to humanitarian aid. Una began to regain
a sense of herself. Her actions on behalf of the less
fortunate earned her praise from her House, and her name
was again mentioned at court.

Anxious to fill the void in her life, Una turned to the
arts. She began to frequent Savannah's many galleries and
made a point to attend openings, basking in the resonant
glory of satisfied and accomplished artists. It was at one such
event that she met Nathan Earl. His painted landscapes
were inspired creations that seemed to capture the unspo-
ken, mystical aspects of even the most commonplace scenes;
acrumbling warehouse, when framed by his hand, appeared
mysterious and otherworldly. Intrigued, Una sought him
out, and found him to be much as she expected: impas-

Chapzer [.ve: [lorise Drimaeval 1


sioned, vibrant, and insightful. She found herself warming
to these traits, and in turn, to the man. When he asked if he
could see her again, Una was quite flattered, and agreed.

Asshe saw more of Nathan, he reinforced her impres:
sion of him. Every question she posed spurred him to
greater and greater insights. Una began to feel useful again,
connected to another person. Each time, however, that
she asked to see his recent works, Nathan demurred. Her
anticipation of his incipient genius only grew with every
denial. The relationship slowly developed into a romance.
Determined to learn from her past mistakes, Una prepared
1 very special meal for him at her home, imbued with
Glamour, and took him into the orchid house. She could
tell that he was enthralled, and hoped that this vision
would only further inspire him. She answered his ques:
tions, when they came, honestly. Finally, she offered
herself without pretense or deception, and was overjoyed
when he accepted her gift of enchantment

Asthemonths progressed, Una's desire tosee Nathan's
works became irresistible. Finally driven to the brink of
temptation, she snuck into the studio he had established
in the drying shed and, with trembling fingers, unveiled
the canvasses. What she saw stunned her; the paintings
showed no evidence of genius, but rather a marked lack of
it. She was standing mute amidst the accusing sheets of
Nathan be.
came enraged, and charged her with countless offenses:

canvas when he entered. Finding her ther

mistrust, deception, condescension, and most importantly,
robbing him of his "vision" by exposing him toa reality he
could not hope to equal. She accepted all of his accusa-
tions in silence, and was still standing motionless in the
makeshift studio when Douglas found her hours later.

Consumed with guilt, Una could not bring herself to
expel Nathan. He was allowed free reign of the grounds,
contingent upon his silence in regard to the fae nature of
all within. Again she retreated within herself, and took to
wandering at odd hours. She began listening in earnest to
the whispers; they offered comfort and consolation, both
of which she desperately longed for. She came to believe
that the voice was, indeed, some aspect of Arthur; even if
drawn from herown memory, it filled a need that she sorely
felt. If this was Bedlam, she deserved no less

Taking solace where offered, she began to slowly right
herself. Her appearances at Count Morrig's court became
more regular, and were warmly received. Una lobbied on
Douglas' behalf, and obtained a title for him as a reward for
his stalwart support. Her tragic past, her stately reserve, her
vast freehold and the regard Count Morrig held for her, all
combined to elevate her standing. She began to attract
applicants to her household, and accepted or denied them
with rare dignity. Una came to be viewed asa prize tobe won
and cherished by a young and impetuous sidhe wildernamed

[recholds and Pidden Glens

Garrett. Though flattered, she was resolved to maintain her
solitary existence. Alas, every polite rejection seemed only
to incite him to further extremes. Bound by etiquette and
the rules of courtly love, she was finally compelled to offer
him conditional status as a member of her household.
Recently she has found herself bemused by his eloquent
professions of love undying, and his obvious suffering; she
assures herself that it is nothing other than bemusement
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Riddler
House: Liam

Title: Lady

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Kenning
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 3,
Etiquette 3, Melee 1

"raft 2 (landscaping), Drive

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Horticulture 2, Linguistics
, Mythlore 2

Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 3, Sovereign 2

(French), Medicine

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Scene 3

Freehold 4, Gremayre 3, Resources 4,

Glamour: 6
Banality: 5
Willpower: 6

Image: In her mortal guise, Una Laurence is a digni-
fied, even regal, beauty. Thick, luxuriant auburn hair
cascades around her serene face. Eyes of darkest verdure
gaze compassionately at all in her presence. Well-cut,
unornamented clothing enhances her slender, lithe form.
Seen through fae eyes, her nobility is unquestionable.
Raiment of the finest materials, made elegant by its
simplicity, accentuates the cool, distant beauty of Una
Morrowind. Every movement, every word or hint of ex-
pression exudes a grace rare even in faerie courts.

Roleplaying Hints: Twice bereft of love, you gird
yourself with solitude. Benevolence, compassion, noblesse
oblige: these are your duties, and you attend them earnestly,
Though you know atonement is denied you, you cannot but
hope to redress the overbalance of harm caused by yourdesite
for love. By aiding others, leading them to discover the
numinous within themselves, you hope to find some measure J
of forgiveness. Treat all with compassion and understanding;
the only love you allow yourself is maternal. Repay every
injustice with kindness, and reward kindness generously


Archur Laurence

From the time he was a child, Arthur Laurence loved
ihe outdoors. He spent countless hours roaming the coun-
tyside, from swamp to pasture, just to see what hidden
Ipetets and unexpected beauty he could find. It came asa
tragic blow when his favorite stand of trees was bulldozed
fomake room for a gas station. Tears in his eyes, he vowed
toprotect the nature he loved from asphalt and concrete.

Throughout his adolescence, he nursed the dream of

BW tecoming a park ranger, the solitary protector of his
warded forest. A trip to New York city changed all that
eied along on a business trip by a father who thought
the break from school would be a welcome reward for his
son, Arthur found himself growing more and more with-
drawn as the trip went on. When his father noticed and
asked him what was wrong, Arthur replied that he missed

the trees, and wanted to go home. The next day, his father
took him to Central Park.

That such a green place could exist in the heart of a
city never occurred to Arthur. He marveled at the stately
Old trees, and the obvious pleasure New Yorkers took in
thisslice of nature. His dream changed; he wanted to make
growing things available to city dwellers. When he ex
pressed this to his father, he was rewarded with acollection
of picture books on famous parks and gardens. He took
summer jobs with nurseries and landscapers, and found
that working with his hands, in direct contact with his
beloved nature, pleased him immensely

Such work became the focus of his life. He graduated
from college with degrees in horticulture and ecology and
returned to Savannah, where he opened Florist Primaeval
Starting with little, his hard work and dedication to
bringing nature to the cities gradually won him a steady
supply of customers. He was an up and coming young
florist when he met Una Jenkins. Finally, a woman who
shared his passion. Better yet, she unconsciously possessed
avision that complemented his work. The more time he
spent with Una, the more enthralled and fascinated he
became. To his good fortune, she seemed to return these
feelings. Their May wedding took place in the private
garden of a grateful customer, and their happiness seemed
assured

Asa testament to his adoration, he built a house for
his wife that reflected what he had learned of her vision.
Her silent awe filled him with pride. He promised himself
that he would always try to add to her obvious pleasure,
and began making plans to surround her with the garden
of her dreams. At first, both his marriage and his business
flourished. He worked slowly, gradually transforming their
home. However, a dark mood seemed to overtake his wife.
Any attempt to get Una to talk was answered with protests

that she was fine. Arthur was lost; all he could think was
that she didn't approve of the work he was doing, but was
afraid to tell him. Determined to please her, he resolved to
work harder; however, every time he thought he suc
ceeded, the silences became worse. He began to neglect his
business tosuch an extent that Una hired help for him, but
that merely strengthened his resolve. Douglas proved to be
a great help, and a quick study. With his aid the garden
began to change more rapidly. Unfortunately, the cycle
only accelerated; the more Arthur worked to please Una,
the more distant she grew

He became more and more obsessed, accepting what
ever help was there was without question. Like a man
possessed, he worked whenever sleep or food didn't make
demands on him. Finally, one night, in his exhaustion, the
truth became clear: it wasn't his work that was making
Una unhappy. Thinking that it could only be him, he
wandered the garden, the symbol of his failure. Even a talk
with one of the workers, out admiring the night, didn't
help. His despair was inconsolable. Arthur found himself
at the entrance to the orchid house, the one place on his
property that he had never seen. Having reached his
lowest ebb, he decided to hang himself there. His action
was significant, for it contrasted what Una used to love
with what had come to replace him in her heart

An indeterminate time of confusion followed, and
Arthur could barely remember who he was, or where. All
he knew was that he could not leave, that there was
something he must do. Overtime, things became clearer;
eventually even memory returned. His home, and all
within, seemed terribly changed. Arthur couldn't believe

Chapcer five: Hlorist Drimaeval


he had killed himself, that he had abandoned all that he
cared for. His love for Una was in no way diminished by his
death, nor was his dedication to complete the garden.
Unfortunately, he wasn't in a position to do much about
either. He saw Una, and longed to ease her pain. To his
great surprise, she began to respond to his verbal comfort
Encouraged, he came to realize what he could do about
getting the garden finished. Arthur began following Dou-
glas about, and one night found himself transported into
his dreams. Recovering quickly, he attempted to convey
his need to the sleeping giant. Though he had some
success, Douglas at this time appears to be reluctant and
furtive in his task

Note: As such his

powers are quite different from those of a changeling. His

Arthur has become a wraith

powers have been approximated here; for more informa-
tion on wraiths see Wraith: The Oblivion.
Arts: Arthur can whisper to the living, as well as enter
their dreams. Very recently he has come to be able to
make himself visible, as well.
Realms: none
Backgrounds: none
Glamour: 7 (Used for powering his wraithly abilities.)
Banality: none
Willpower: 5
Image: When visible, Arthur appears as a translu
cent, indistinct version of his living form: a slim, haggard,
middle-aged man dressed in simple work clothing. His
once open expression is now clouded with sadness.
Roleplaying Hints: You still love your wife deeply;
it's as if death has cleared your head, and you can't help
wondering how things went so terribly wrong. She has
begun to respond to your spectral voice, and you are
having conversations again, though at times it seems Una
believes you to be a figment of her imagination. You also
watch Douglas work; you value his friendship more now
than ever before, and take pride in the skills you taught
him. You visit him in his dreams, showing him images of
your plans for the hedge maze. Everything, and everyone,
looks quite different to you now, but you assume that this
is just a part of being dead. You recently discovered that
youcan make yourself visible, but the look of terror on that
strange young girl's face has made you cautious about

doing so.

Nachan Earl

Nathan Earl was an aspiring, not-so-young-anymore
artist in Savannah, struggling to make his mark with his
painting. A lifetime's dedication finally resulted in favor-
able reviews in the fall of 1986; the tragedy of it was that
the works had all been painted years earlier. What every-
one heralded asa bold new mode of expression for him was,
in fact, something he had already lost. Still, some acclaim
was better than none, and he reveled in it

Then she appeared: Una Laurence. Nathan hadnever
seen so enchanting a woman before in his life; he was
instantly smitten. She praised his work, as had many
others, but it seemed that she possessed some understand-
ingofwhatitall meant, asifshe both shared and appreciated
his vision. She almost rekindled it within him; he spoke of
his works as if they were recent, and she listened atten-

tively. As the gallery was closing, he worked up the nerve

to ask her out for coffee. To his great delight, she agreed
This was to be the first of many similar outings. The more
time he spent around Una, the easier it became to forget
his recent failures. Nathan began to convince himself that
his talent had never really left him. Una's praise and
attention made it all the easier.

The relationship moved in a familiar direction; Nathan
had been quite a popular catch when he was younger, and
knew what to say at all the right moments. She appealed to
his vanity, and he loved her for it. The night she invited him
toherhome, he thought he knew what to expect. The garden
stunned him; it spoke of diligent care, and more importantly,
of wealth. Finally, he thought, things had turned around for
him. In such surroundings, and under Una's loving care, he
felt that he could create again. Then the world changed


After drinking Una's special tea, Nathan was dazed
The world became at once beautiful and unfamiliar; even
something so simple asa blade of grass practically vibrated
with hidden, magical meaning. Una had become a crea-
ture of indescribable beauty, and her garden a terrible,
wonderful Eden. He was speechless, and could only listen
as she explained things to him. That she, and her home,
were of the fae made perfect sense. Nothing else could
explain what he had seen. When invited to stay with her,
he could not refuse.

At first, it was a sensual bliss. Una was generous and
warm, and Nathan never tired of the mysterious world he
was now a part of. However, it soon became clear that he
was unable to create. It was as if the wonders he had seen
had tobbed him of inspiration; how could he compete with
such beauty? Una kept asking to see his works, and he
continually refused her. He wanted to keep his failure to
himself. He was afraid it was his art she was attracted to,
and once she realized that it was gone, she would lose all
interest in him. When he found her in his studio, disillu-
sionment plain on her face, the dam of resentment burst
He accused her of every wrong he could imagine, and
blamed her for the loss of his art. To his great surprise, she
offered not a word in her own defense. Enraged, he stalked
away. He waited for her to demand that he leave, yet the
days became weeks, and the weeks months. Eventually it
became clear that he was free to stay. Ironically, this
acceptance of his behavior only caused the bitterness to
grow. Currently he lives in what was once his studio, and
avoids Una as much as possible.

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Mental: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

erception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Social:
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Empathy 1, Streetwise 2
Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Painting 4
Knowledges: Linguistics 2 (French, Spanish),
Medicine 1, Mythlore 1, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Fame | (as a painter), Resources |
Glamour: none
Banality: 6
Willpower: 4

Image: Nathan's natural, golden-boy good looks are
beginning to fade. Though he is still attractive, his age is
beginning to show in the lines around his brown eyes and
the furrows in his brow. His brown hair is slightly un-
kempt, and in a style several years out of date. Despite his
attempts to keep it at bay, middle age is beginning to take
a firm hold.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a very bitter man. You
feel that Una has robbed you of the only thing you ever
truly valued: your artistic vision. Secretly you know that it
was lost years before, but you would rather die than admit
this, even to yourself. Fear of old age is all that seems to
keep you in the freehold. In truth, you are hoping that
someone, some day, will confront you with the wreck you
have become and hold you accountable for your wrongs
against Una. Until that happens, your self-loathing mani-
fests as bitterness and jealousy.

Oouglas Biggins
+7] YY

Douglas Biggins has always lived up to his name.
Since birth, he was larger than all the others. He learned
the lesson of restraint at an early age, when he seriously
injured another child while fighting over a toy. The shock
of what he had done triggered his Chrysalis, and his kith
was clear to all Kithain. Though renowned for his kind,
careful nature, Douglas knows that a monster lives within
him, just waiting for a chance to escape. Adventure in the
service of nobles gave him an opportunity to release the
darker impulses, thereby protecting himself and others.

His desire to help others is genuine, however. Some
brave danger and risk because they seek for fame, and
Douglas does not begrudge them their moment in the
spotlight. But he has chosen a different path. Injustice,
wrongs committed against the weak by those who are
bigger and stronger, compels the quiet giant to take action,
applying force if necessary. Many a bully, whether human,
Unseelie, or chimera, has been shown the error of his ways.
Unfortunately, the violent life of an itinerant saint only
made the dark aspect of his personality stronger. This point
was driven home on the fateful night that Douglas decided
to encourage a band of Unseelie to seek more peaceful
hobbies than mugging tourists. Shouldering his mighty
hammer, he went after them. Though violence was not his
goal, he was prepared for it. The motley of childlings and
wilders were abusive, and chose to ignore his polite sugges-
tion. Once the inevitable melee had ended, Douglas realized
with horror that all had been chimerically crippled, and
many had been slain. The monster in his heart reveled, but
he consciously recoiled, and decided at that moment to
seek a more stable way of life.

When he heard that a local noble was accepting
retainers, Douglas humbly applied. To his surprise, he was
the first accepted, and he moved hishome at once to Florist
Primaeval. What he saw there almost broke his giant heart
Though the difficulties of faerie-human love are known to
all Kithain, observing the daily reality is another matter.
He accepted Lady Una's command to aid her mortal
husband in his work, and to see that no harm came to him.

Chapzer fave: [Horist Drimacval


The simple work of gardening calmed his darker impulses,
and he proved an adept student. He grew to admire Arthur
Laurence, and came to consider him a friend. This made
Arthur's slow but steady decline all the more painful for
Douglas to witness, and he did whatever he could to help
him, at least making certain he ate and rested. He began to
assume more and more of the burden of operating the
business aspects of Arthur's work, and found that he liked
it. The morning that he discovered Arthur's body, hung by
the circle of oaks, he was not overly surprised. That he
could not aid his friend is the greatest tragedy of his life.
Within the past few months, he has begun to dream
Though Lady

Una has prohibited any from entering the area, Douglas

of Arthur, and of the unfinished hedge m:

has been sneaking in late atnight and laying plans to finish
it. He interpreted the dreams to suggest that this final act
of loyalty to Arthur would stand as a lasting tribute to his
late friend. He is willing to suffer whatever rebuke Lady
Una wishes when his disobedience comes to light
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Saint/Beast
House: Liam (affiliation)
Title: Squire
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Troll
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 2
Intimidation 2, Kenning 3
Skills: Craft (Landscaping) 3, Etiquette 2, Melee 3
Knowledges: Mythlore 3, Medicine 2, Horticulture 2
Arts: Primal 3
Realms: Fae 3, Nature 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 3 (a huge blacksmith's
hammer; kith other than trolls have great difficulty
lifti nuch less wielding, it. Treat as a battle ax for
purposes), Title 1, Resources 1

Glamour: 5
Banality: 3
Willpower: 7

Image: Even in his mortal form, Douglas is an impos-
ing figure. He stands a large, stocky 6' 5" tall, and has not
an ounce of fat on his huge frame. His thick black hair is
keptshort, and his face is perpetually clean-shaven. Kindly
ice-blue eyes soften the otherwise stern countenance of
this giant of a man. In his fae form, he is even more titanic
seven feet of blue-gray muscle, pale white horns curling
into his hair, and a wide, prominent jaw that exposes

[recholds and Midden Glens

sharp, ivory canines when he smiles. Even in this form, his
eyes are usually kind. When they are not, wise Kithain give
him wide berth

Roleplaying Hints: Others perceive you as a kind,
gentle man, but you know yourself to be otherwise. The
dark half of your being revels in pain, power, and fear; you
constantly guard against its release. You move and speak
slowly, taking the time to consider the results of anything
you say or do. You honor Lady Una, and her slightest wish,
save one, you obey without hesitation; she has earned both
your trust and your respect over the years. You distrust
Garrett, more for the pain he may cause your Lady than for
any fault of his own. Twyla is the younger sister you never
had, and in all things you treat her tenderly. Even her
pranks at your expense earn nothing harsher than a soft
chuckle. With all your heart, you wish you truly were as
others saw you. Perhaps in time it will be so

Garrect Brody

Exiled to Earth while still an infant, Garrett Brody

The Brodys were a
wealthy family with roots going back centuries; Garrett

was raised as a child of privilege

wanted for nothing as a child, save perhaps a bit of
restraint. Not that he was a bad child; he was bright,
curious, and amiable, but at times, a dark, selfish mood
would come over him. His Chrysalis occurred when he was
but five years old; the accompanying Glamour released
attracted Kithain from miles around. Smuggled out of his
bed at night, he was presented to the nearest court, where
his kith and lineage were ascertained

The appearance of such a "golden child" made for

even more lenience in Garrett's life, but to his credit, he


abused this less and less as he grew older. His curiosity, an

Biluned temperament, was encouraged. Garrett poked his
) precocious nose into everything, absorbing as much as
y possible. Court manners came to him with startling ease.

Ashe grew older and more dashing, he became drawn, not

unwillingly, into the Great Game. As interesting and

challenging as it was, the greater game, courtly love,
appealed to him more. In this arena, as in the others to
which he turned his attentions, he was a quick study. As
he passed from childling to wilder, he began collecting
tokens from older and presumably more experienced
Kithain. The crowd of admirers who desired to call him
champion quickly grew

Mysteries spoke to the innermost part of Garrett's
being, whether they be the hidden machinations of fae
nobles, or the Byzantine and contradictory workings of the
heart. Though he courted with skill, it was more to serve
his curiosity than his ardor. Not that he didn't enjoy the
attentions of various beloveds and competitors; he did,
immensely. Yet despite all of his eloquent professions of
undying love, he was never passionately engaged.

Atthe Greening festival in the court of Count Morrig,
Garrett was idling away at casual courtship when he
noticed a new face in the crowd. Sure of a warm reception
and curious to see who this self-possessed beauty was, he
engaged her in conversation. She was polite, but deftly
parried all of his banter, leaving no impression other than
that she was flattered, but uninterested. Curious, Garrett
began to make subtle inquiries as to the identity of this
mysterious woman. He discovered that she was Lady Una
Morrowind, subject of local legend, and highly regarded by
the count himself. His curiosity piqued, he began to
diligently collect information, and was both surprised and

pleased with what he discovered: conqueress of nunnehi,

widow of a mortal husband, defender of a sizable freehold
constructed for her by the count's decree, and said to hold
a mortal as an enchanted lover in her eldritch glade.

zed with curiosity, Garrett was unable to resist the
enigmatic Lady Una. Having learned of her interests, he
declared his intentions in the language of flowers, and
presented to her a bouquet of fern and chervil (sincerity),
burgundy roses (unconscious beauty), alyssum (worth
beyond beauty), and verbena (enchantment). Her re-
sponse of marjoram, primrose, geranium and ivy on a bed
of moss indicated that she was flattered, but considered his
courtshipa passing fancy of callow youth; she felta vaguely
maternal affection, and extended the offer of her friend.
ship. Far from being put off, Garrett pursued her,
proclaiming his ardent sincerity with a florid eloquence
that became the talk of many at court. Feeling that perhaps

she saw him as unworthy, he undertook a quest in her

name; the tale of his arduous and harrowing journey deep
into nunnehi territory (made more perilous by his telling)
won him the lady's reconsideration. As a token of his
intent, Garrett freely forsook all others, and dedicated all
of his successes and sufferings to Lady Una. Though this
caused no small amount of dismay and swooning at court,
it won him a conditional post in her household

Legacies: Courtier/Peacock

House: Eiluned

Kith: Sidhe

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Expression 2, Subter

fuge 2

Skills: Craft (Landscaping) 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Melee 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Mythlore
Occult 2, Politics 2

, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 3, Scene

Arts: Sovereig

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Title 1, Chimera
chimerical rapier)

Glamour: 4
Banality: 4

Willpower: 6


Image: Garrett Brody is a dashing man in his early
20s. Tall, slim and fair, his brooding violet eyes have
captured the interest of many, both fae and mortal. He
moves and dresses with a casual elegance befitting some-
one of his family's station. His faerie form is even more
imposing; rich chestnut hair frames a lean face that can be
both cool and expressive by turns. His clothing is always
immaculate, if subtle; ostentation is for those with some-
thing to prove. As of late, he has taken to wearing either
chamomile or purple columbine as his personal token.

Roleplaying Notes: Others may perceive youas aloof,
but you are merely contemplative. You never speak, or act,
without purpose, be it idle pleasure, the Great Game, or
the pursuit of your beloved. And you do sincerely love
Lady Una. Both a beauty and a mystery, she has engaged
your heartand your mind. Though externally stalwart, you
tremble inwardly when in her presence, awaiting even the
slightest sign of her acceptance. You have even begun to
work in the garden, and find it less distasteful than you
imagined. You respect Douglas for his knowledge and
patience, but often find Twyla abrasive. You suspect she is
planning some prank at your expense, though you aren't
terribly worried. You have nothing but contempt for
Nathan, though you mask it to spare your Lady's distress.
Though you barely know Dion, you find yourself question-
ing his motives. Of course this isn't competition; you
merely wish to protect your Lady's honor and home.

Twyla

Twyla was an adorable child. Everyone doted on her,

but no one more than her big, jolly bear of an uncle,
Bartholomew. He spoiled her with his constant attention
until she would often cackle with glee. It was almost like
he was justakid pretending to be a grownup; his idea of fun
was perfectly in line with Twyla's. And he told her stories,
broad sweeping epics of faraway places, danger, and true
love. She'often said she wished she could run away with
him. One day, after tending Twyla through an odd illness,
he suggested they do just that.

Uncle Bartholomew took her to the most wondrous
woods she had ever seen. They romped and played for
hours, until even her childish stamina was taxed. Taking
the opportunity to share sandwiches he had prepared in
advance, he asked her what kind of animal she would like
tobe. Without hesitation, she said a cat. When asked ifshe
wanted to see a trick, Twyla could hardly contain herself
He gave hera magic brownie, and told her to eat it with her
eyes closed. When she snuck a peek, she burst out laugh-
ing; her uncle looked like a giant raccoon! Then she
realized that not only her uncle had changed. The woods
Became a magical place, like something out of one ofhis

Freeholds and Midden Glens

stories. She even thought she could see a tower in the
distance. With a nonchalant shrug, Bartholomew asked
herifshe wanted to meet the heroes of his stories. After she
calmed down, he took her to the court of Baron Morrig.
Twyla was an instant hit; even the frosty sidhe noble-
women let hersit in their laps. Finally, the terribly handsome
and noble Baron Morrig asked her uncle a few questions,
then turned to Twyla. He told her ina very serious voice that
she was a faerie child, and explained to her some of the
restrictions and responsibilities. Her response of, "Cool!"
even broughta smile to his face. Heruncle Bartholomew was
assigned as her mentor. She proved an enthusiastic, if less
than diligent, student; she had learned most of his tricks, as
well as a few rules, when the time for her Saining came. She
named herself "Muffinhead" after a beloved neighborhood
cat, secretly certain thatno one would ever guess it. Gravely,
Bartholomew presented her with the Lunchbox of Wonders
as a Saining gift, and nearly hurt himself laughing when she
inadvertently triggered the cantrip he had left in it
Herchildhood was a happy blur. Her obvious creativity
(she had dozens of "imaginary friends") earned her accep-
tance toa special arts program, where she flourished. As she
grew into a mischievous teenager, she discovered boys and
even more trouble. She also discovered she could write,
transcribing and modifying the tales she had heard asa child.
Soon she was inventing her own literary niche. If not for

that embarrassing kissing incident at the judging, she was

certain to have taken state honors in creative writing

s talented a writer as she was, flirting was her true
calling. She juggled suitors like a master, always havingat
least three boys, human or Kithain, hanging on her every

word. Twyla was certain that her true love was out there,

S320 os & tw om wD) Om oe mil

somewhere; in the mean time, she had to practice.
Surprisingly, few left with hurt feelings, and most re-
garded her fondly. Court enthralled her, and she practically
swooned with delight wheneveranyone, especially nobles,
engaged in courtly love.

Despite the accepted futility of it, she heartily endeav-
ored to embarrass one particularly pretentious sidhe wilder
named Garrett. It wasn't like she thought he was cute or
anything, just that he needed to be taken down a notch or
two. At least that's what she told herself. She harried him
for months, always waiting for him to trigger one of her
traps, but to noavail. What she did notice, however, was his
obsession with a noble grump. Curious about the subject of
his fascination, she went to see this mystery woman.

Lady Una received her properly, and quickly warmed
to her infectious good cheer. Twyla talked to her of her
hopes and dreams, and even about her writing. When the
Lady offered her a combination of patronage and vassal-
age, Twyla was for once struck speechless. Overcome with
gratitude, she accepted. Currently, she works in the gar-
den, attends the occasional writing seminar, and tries to
embarrass Garrett. Needless to say, her writing is much
more successful than her pranking.

Court: Seelie

Troubadour/Fool

House: Liam (affiliation)

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Legacie:

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Menta
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge

Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Empathy 2, Expression 3, Kenning 1, Subterfuge
Skills: Crafts 1, Etiquette 1, Melee 1, Security 2,
Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Mythlore 1
Arts: Legerdemain 2, Primal 1
Realms: Nature 2, Scene 4
Backgrounds: Dreamers 2, Mentor 1, Treasure 2
Glamour: 4
Banality: 3
Willpower: 5
Treasures: The Lunchbox of Wonders; a Pyx in the
form of a battered metal lunchbox with scenes from a
terrible, all-girl action show on the sides
Image: Twyla isa tiny, nimble young woman with an
eternal glimmer of mischief in her eyes. In mortal visage,
her wide face is dominated by those twinkling green eyes
and her wide, sensuous mouth. She wears her dark brown

hair short, just covering the tops of her ears. Her change-
ling self isn't altogether different; her dark, furry, pointed
ears and luminous green eyes make her kith obvious, as
wellasher feline affinity. In either form she favors battered
blue jeans, exotic T-shirts, and boots, the only difference
being the hole in her jeans for her cat tail in fae form.

Roleplaying Hints: Life is fun. Sure, you're waiting
for your one true love to come and sweep you off your feet,
but you have to fill your time until then. You manage tosee
the humor in almost any situation, and strive to make it
plain to others as well. You're an incredible sucker for
romance, and flirting is one of your favorite pastimes. You
think Lady Una is just the coolest, all tragic and noble.
Bigs (Douglas) is the big brother of your dreams; nothing
you do seems to make him mad. Garish (Garrett) is cute,
but way too stuck up for his own good. His Royal Majesty,
the Right Annoying Nathan, drives you insane, and you
would prank him mercilessly if not for the effect it might
have on the Lady. And Dion... wow. You're trying to think
of just the right prank for this charmer. Barring that, you'll
find some way to trip over him.

Onn

Dion was never much for rules. Even asa youth, there
were problems. Why did he have to go to school? Why
couldn't he keep the candy he stole? He would have been
his parents' nightmare if he wasn't so dutiful and such a
smooth talker. He ignored their rules when it suited him,
buta more charming and polite child had never been born
Though he probably couldn't have gotten away with
murder, anything less is open to question.

That all changed when the police brought him home
in a squad car. It turned out that he had been running a
scam, stealing items from one store and returning them to
another for refunds. In response to his parents' fervent
questions, he offered his accustomed shrugs and smile.
This didn't get him terribly far with the judge; he was sent
to juvenile hall.

It wasn't so bad at first; his easy manner and charming
tongue won him friends in virtually no time. However, he
still didn't, or wouldn't, understand the difference be-
tween what was his and what he wanted to be his. When
he was caught with another boy's radio, he was severely
beaten, and taken to the infirmary. He thought he was
dying, or that his head had been broken, because he saw
and reexperienced the most terrifying moments of his
short life. When a grotesquely scarred little boy offered to
get him out, he wasn't sure if it was death come for him, or
awish come true. Either way, he would be free, so he went.

The boy was an Unseelie redcap, and took him to see
McGuffin, a redcap grump and guru of the grift. McGuffin

Chapcer five: Florist Drimaeval


fixed him up right, and fostered him for the standard time.
Dion learned a lot, more than he ever had in school. After a
year and a day, he was a verified con man. Full of himself, he
hit the road in search of adventure. Though an adept sweet
talker, the good life always seemed to be just beyond his reach.
Either the police, or some pesky Seelie noble, always inter-
fered. In any case, it was frustrating. On the verge of becom
a wilder, he returned to McGuffin with his problems.
McGuffin listened to his tales of trickery and woe,
nodding to himself. When Dion had finished, he was
assured that it was through no fault of his own that success
eluded him. It was the Seelie Court's fault; they didn't

want anyone to have a good time, because fun threatened

the order of things. McGuffin went on to explain that the

Unseelie had to get organized, else their way of life would
be extinguished. When Dion asked what he could do, he
was taken to a secret meeting of the Shadow Court, and
initiated in its mysteries.

Over the years, Dion has wandered throughout the
Southeast, spreading a little chaos wherever he goes. From
time to time he gets caught, and on the rare occasion that
he can't talk his way out of trouble, run out of town. Still,
he doesn't usually cause anyone permanent harm, at least
noone faerie. [fhe hasa particular weakness, though, ithas
tobe women. Not any one in particular, but all of them, as
a class. With his good looks and charm, many are just as
interested in him, and think nothing of lavishing him with
gifts and favors.

Dion serves the Shadow Court when it suits him,
striking a minor blow to nobility whenever he thinks he
can get away with it. The most telling yet was a lucky

coincidence. He had recently become a bit taken with a
young pooka named Twyla, and began visiting her from
time to time. When he learned that her mistress was none
other than Lady Una Morrowind, he began visiting her
more frequently. The Shadow Court had not forgotten the
events set into motion by Una's discovery of the cache of
coldiron years ago, and holds her responsible for the foiled
assassination attempt on the duchess of the southern
coast. When he learned of Una's mortal husband, he saw
the perfect opportunity to strike at her

Using his secret talent at Chicanery and his glib
tongue, he began talking to Arthur, making him more
depressed than he naturally would have been. On that
fateful night, Dion pulled out all the stops, hoping to goad
Arthurinto abandoning Una in the night. When he learned
of Arthur's suicide, he quickly left town. Once it became
clear that he was not suspect, he rationalized his actions. It
was common knowledge that love between mortal and
changeling was a doomed affair; all he had done was give
that Seelie lady a harsh lesson in reality. Besides, it wasn't
as if Arthur was important; he was only a human gardener
Dion stayed away from Savannah until he no longer felt
guilty. Twyla remained a prize not yet won, so he returned
tothe scene of the crime, only to find that Una had another
human lover about. This one, some feckless painter, was an
unbearable boor; Dion almost felt guilty for abusing him.
Almost. It's a simple matter to feed his bitterness, really;
there is so much raw material to work with
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Rogue/Wayfarer
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Eshu
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 3,
Kenning 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 2, Performance 4, Stealth 1,
Survival 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2 (French,
Spanish), Mythlore 2
Arts: Chicanery 3, Wayfare 1
Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 4 (mail shirt [level 2

Scene 2

armor],
ornate cutlass, both gifts from the Shadow Court),
Gremayre |

Glamour: 4
Banality: 3

Willpower: 5


Image: Dion exudes sensuality in either fae or mortal
guise. Human women find his thick, curly black hair and
dark, heavy-lidded eyes virtually irresistible, and many are
more than happy to buy for him the fine silks and linens
that typically clothe his lean, graceful form. To Kithain,
Dion has the combined appeal of a young Valentino and
Flynn at his most dashing. His dark, muscular chest is
showcased by the open silk shirts he favors, and the
beautiful cutlass at his hip does nothing to discourage such
Romantic comparisons.

Roleplaying Hints: All you really want is adventure,
and the life you know you deserve. You see yourself as a fae
Robin Hood; if the Seelie nobles didn't hoard everything
for themselves, you wouldn't have to take it from them.
Rules are for other people; passion is all that truly matters.
Perhaps you'll deign to save a few Seelie women from the
bondage of such an unpleasant way of life. Like that Twyla
—awoman who knows what it means to have a good time
Ofcourse, you could never stay with just one woman. That
would be unkind to the others.

Scory Ideas

© Nathan's bitterness and self-loathing are making
him more and more self- destructive. He disappears for
days at a time, and returns very tight-lipped about where
he has been. Either Garrett or Douglas could approach the
characters and ask them to look into this. Of course, word
must not get back to Lady Una, and Nathan will be very
wily if he suspects he is being followed.

* Dion hasn't managed to convince himself as well as
he thought that driving Arthur to suicide wasn't his fault
His Seelie Legacy has become temporarily dominant, and
he seeks the characters' advice. Of course, he will ap-
proach the subject very obliquely, and will not speak
plainly unless direly pressed. If the players figure out what

a difficult decision to

elie Li

he is really talking about, they hav
make. If Dion reverts to his Uns acy, things will
become much more interesting

© One of the characters has caught Twyla's eye. Of
course, this means that he or she is in for a good bit of
ribbing, in addition to her attentions. If she is merely
flirting, how will the character react? When it suits her,
Twyla is very adept at the art of courtly love. Perhaps she
has decided the player is her one true love. In either case,
Garrett or Dion, or both, may become jealous.
© One of the characters has been having very strange
dreams lately. There is a hazy, indistinct man lost in a
hedge maze, and he manages to convey to the character
that he needs their help. After discussing the dream with
others, it becomes apparent that the scene is Florist
Primaeval. How will the characters discover what Arthur
wants? If they do, can they accomplish the task? Regard-
less, they must be very delicate in their inquiries; the affairs
of nobles are dangerous to pry into at times, and if they
cause Una any degree of unhappiness, neither Garrett nor
Douglas will be pleased...

The characters have stumbled across some informa-
tion that indicates that the Shadow Court is planning to
take action against Lady Una. They must find out what it
is, and why. Of course, secrecy is vital. If the agents of the
Shadow Court realize they are undone, they may change
their plans, or target the characters. Any success on the
part of the characters might put them in good standing
with Count Morrig, who holds Una quite dear.

© Lady Una has been acting strangely, even moreso than
is her wont. A member of her household cautiously ap-
proaches the players, asking them to investigate the matter,
yet maintain discretion. Should any of the players wander the
garden at night, even if following Una, Arthur might mistake
them forenemiesand torment them to the best of his abilities.
Add Dion to the mix, and trouble is certain to ensue.



By Chris Hina

T would not live in the world you offer. It

has neither sun, nor moon, nor air to breath. It

has no faith

no love

no honor

— Sir Walter Scott, Ivanhoe

In the World of Darkness, the mundane city of
Toronto is neither glamorous nor squalid. It has no signifi-
cant reputation, is known for no strange tales or staggering
historic events. The city is the exemplar of moderation —
unremarkable, unobtrusive and unpretentious. Among
Kithain, Toronto is infamous for both the dense smog of
Banality that clouds it, and the
tumn People that crowds its streets.

at population of Au-

Yet the Dreaming has not been completely brushed
away. Wisps of Glamour cling to the recesses and corners,
the backs and beneaths, the hard-to-reach places. Such

areas have become as deep as loss and as forgettable as
wonder, the foster-home of fae and chimera and inspiration

One such refuge is nestled between plaza and syna-
gogue, betweena four-story office buildingand middle-class
residences. It isa forested valley that has slipped down the
cracks between steel and concrete. In the records that are
kept in the royal halls of Tara-nar, this fief is known as the
freehold of Tangled Valley. Local childlings call it Gang-
sters' Hideaway


... INcthe Real Corid

At the bend in Codsell Avenue, there's a short,
simple fence — just two posts and two beams — white
against an earthy-jade mottling of forested escarpment
It's not much of a barrier or safety feature. But it is
substantial ertough to pique curiosity and tempt defiance

While inquisitiveness debates caution, you notice
rune-like gzaffiti carved into the wood of one beam: HERE
BE DRAGONS. That's enough to compel you to cross
over the edge.

You swing out the kickstand and prop your bike. After
a quick look-around, you roll over the fence and drop
lightly on the other side.

Here the ground falls away steeply into the valley.
Loose dirt and patches of fern begin to replace the grassy
skirt above. As you descend, the city's clamor fades.
Silence. Then your ears become sensitive to another range
of sound: scampering, creaking, chirping, rustling whis-
pers, an echoing cry of "aw-aw-ee-ee-ee-ee," and the
deafening retort of every snapping twig underfoot

Part way down to the valley floor, a concrete storm
drain juts from the slope, the opening half-covered by a
rough grill. Some of the bars are missing; you could
probably squeeze through. The darkness exacerbates your
fear, and, with it, the temptation... But right now there are
still other places to explore. You turn away and follow the
runoff to the valley floor.

In the chill shadows of the valley, fifty feet below the
street, you get the feeling of being enfolded by the earth.
The airsmells of dirt and pine sap, trickling water and fresh
cool air. From slope to slope, a variety of trees fill the
valley. There are pines, cedars, firs, spruces, horse chest-
nuts, willows, maples, and strange conifers with bark like
a pineapple. The highest tree-tops just clear street level,
presenting a camouflage canopy to those above. The
ground is textured with exposed roots, brown needles and
leaves, rubbery ferns, mushrooms. Something small and
bright flits from tree to tree, just barely in sight

You try to discard the half-conscious suspicion that
you are doing something FORBIDDEN. Up on the right
ridge, a row of houses turns its back on this hidden glen.
Surely no one can see you from way up there, concealed as
you are by trees and foliage and the escarpment itself

Ready to turn back, you suddenly spot a tree-fort in
the distance. Planks nailed into tree trunks and log sup-
ports raise it a few feet off the ground. It appears to be
constructed of corrugated aluminum siding, chip-board
and plywood, pine boughs, chicken wire and old screen
windows.

Wow! What a great spot for a tree-fort! Just the sort of
place to retreat to after breaking knee-deep through the
ice of a pond, and shiver while waiting for your pants to
freeze into solid tubes. Here you could eat anything, any
way you want, free from the sandwich-apple-treat se-
quence enforced by Lunchroom Monitors. Even without
washing your hands after watching maggots ripple under
the flesh of a dead pigeon! In sucha place, you could make
mud pies filled with poison berries and plot to slip them to
your next-door neighbor. Ah. The possibilities would be
endless

The tree-fort is closer now. A sign is nailed above the
door, its mitered letters painted black. It reads: GANG-
STERS' HIDEAWAY. You stop short. Didn't some guy
escape from prison yesterday or last month? Maybe this is
his secret base! Curiosity draws you closer

Accompanied by a wom track, the run-off stream that
you have been following continues to trickle down the
center of the valley for as far as you can see. Dancing,
dampled shadows play tricks on your eyes; a few grainy
shafts of sunlight draw your attention to some interesting
features further on. But first, you stop to look at the tre
fort

Raised only a few feet from the ground, it certainly
wouldn't invoke a fear of heights. Still, you have to marvel
at the work involved: finding the materials, dragging them
here, putting them all together without the help of grown-
ups. The tree-fort looks pretty sturdy, too. Crouching
down, you take a look underneath. There's a circle of
stones, like a fire pit, but with no signs of flame or fuel
Spiral designs are scratched into the smooth surfaces of the
stones. When you pass your hand over them, the hairs on
your arm tickle with static. Weird

You crawl out from under there and walk around to
the entrance. Standing on toe-tips, you pull open the
creaky cupboard door that covers the entrance and peer
inside. The interior is spacious, almost 5'x7'. Comic books
and hockey cards are tacked to one wall. An old comforter
hangs from another, keeping out the draft from between
boards like a medieval tapestry. Above it are the words
"Dianne + Mike" in red stain. A variety of pop cans are
stacked neatly on a bench beside a jar of beer-bottle caps.
Aside from these, there are many other treasures strewn
about

At this point you hear a distant bang, like a screen
door closing. That FORBIDDEN feeling, forgotten in
your curiosity, returns in force. You look around. Up on

the ridge, a old man stares at you from his back porch

You run and run, scramble up the ravine, jump on
your bike, and peddle away from that place, probably never
to return.

REET
ULAUGZAL


...IN the Enchanted

(orld

No, youneverdid return, did you. No matter. The real
secrets of Tangled Valley and Gangsters' Hideaway are
beyond your ken. This place is very different to those with
fae Kenning

Tangled Valley is a lost world. Forgotten by humans,
it's also a place where vanished things turn up. Have you

lost your pencil, wallet, paperback, bus token, odd sock,

keys, baby's tether, hockey card, rabbit's foot, or pet
newt? It's probably down here, scattered in the under
growth or floating in the stream. You see, the Dreaming
can play tricks on people. Every so often, it snatches
something away from the real world, usually replacing it
with a dust-bunny. Sometimes this vanishing process
"hiccups," and youdiscoveran item borrowed-but-thought
returned or never-seen-before

We've got other stuff down here too. Have you
wondered where the bits of denim ripped from your jeans
go? The bright color of new clothes? Dimples? Doughnut
holes? You guessed it. We got ‘em all

You say a familiar word or name has been snatched
from the tip of your tongue? I know exactly what you're
grasping for; it's right here. Ahhh, but I'm sure you'll figure
it out on your own. Eventually

So, you've lost your virginity? Or innocence? Sense of
wonder? Appetite? Sanity? Want it back?

Everything ever lost has, at one time or another,
turned up in Tangled Valley. Don't ask why: that's just the
magical, mysterious nature of Glamour. These momentos
are quickly claimed by changelings as a handy form of
dross. Finders keepers, after all


©

S&S An econ a

RUMps

Alright, alrighe. So you doneed an explana-
tion for the ‘vanishing process' of Tangled
Valley. Clearly, this place 1s unhike any ocher
freehold. Truch 1s, 1 cant provide an answer:
just a couple of theories.

Ie' preety common knowledge char Tangled
Valley was once a nunnehi glen. And glens appar-
encly have ties co the Orcamrealms. There are
moon dridge glens, healing glens, glens dedicated
coanimal cocems, andso on. (This 1s whac a friend
of a Friend of a friend who knows a werewolf says,
anyway.) CDayde chis glen was dedicaced co the
Amerindian god of Lose-and-Found.

The second suggestion, which may d¢ Re=
laced co the first, mvokes the Endless Trod (see
below), Wha if chis crod doesnt have an end, due
dranches and spreads indefinitely like some chi-
merical, world-spanning cree? And what if che
tips of these swaying branches occasionally brush
the real world and, where this happens, they
snacch someching away? The Orcam-napped™
tems might chen find their way here, or mayde
are deposiced along some ocher dranch. This
could explain all chose Bermuda Triangle' and
‘Falling Frogs' scories which so perplex morcals.

‘y, stop laughing. You asked,

Gangsters Pideawiay

To cunning Kithain, the child's tree-fort appears

rather sturdier than first thought. One almost gets the
sense of a medieval manor hall. The interior is more
expansive than it appears to be in the real world, and
could seat a dozen diners at the high table. A central
hearth opens in the floor. From below, balefire crackles
merrily. In the soft gossamer light from the balefire, the
comforter hanging on the wall resembles a quilted tapes-
try; the comics seem as precious as painted works of art

Gangsters' Hideaway is a very small freehold. Varlan,
lord of Tangled Valley, spends many a night here, wrapped
in chimerical silks and furs. Thresher the herald tried to
dream here once, but slept unsoundly due to incessant
mewing by the Feathered Serpent; this only aggravated his
chronic ill-temper. The Gangsters (a local motley) have
been planning an overnight stay for weeks, but have yet to
act upon these intentions. They claim Dan conspires against
them, but their own trepidation is most likely also a factor

96 [recholds and Pidden Glens

CAG

The Endless Trod

As in the real world, Tangled Valley continues past
the freehold tree-fort. Kithain, however, realize it is nei-
theracloven tributary of the Don Valley noran embouchure
of Earl Bales Park. Th

valley floor follow an apparently endless faerie trod

hand stream running along the

The Gangsters once traveled for quite some time
perhaps an entire hour —along the Endless Trod without
reaching its end. Bored and hungry, they turned back,
vowing to return another time. Tilutan suspects that the
trod links the Hideaway to another freehold. Rusalka
secretly hopes that it leads to the Dreamrealms, or even to
Arcadia

While exploring the Endless Trod, changelings some-
times spot the Feathered Serpent gliding from tree to tree.

Those who have clambered up either slope report
finding a deep forest —and nota house or astreet insight
Thick, straight trunks continue for as faras the eye can see
Branches form a dense tangle high above, blotting out any
sign of sky. The ground is completely level, and barren of

foliage or fallen leaves. None have dared explore these
trackless woods, for fear of becoming utterly lost

ee Ronan OSs co]

Roll Dercepcion oy a (cifficutey 6).
Wich three or more successes, you discover a
momento worth one dross, One or two suc~
cesses Means theres someching here co find; you
jusc missed ic. You can continue searching the
next day. A dorch 18 bad news: while searching
the ground, you neglecred co noce your dearings
and are now lose along the Endless Trod (see
the neardy sidedar for decails).

For the mosz parc, chese lose icems are
nothing special; their enchancment 1s dased
upon sencimenctal value and mysterious happen-
stance. Ac the Scoryceller's discrecion, however,
four successes could curn up. a momenco worch
two dross; five successes, three dross; and so
on. A really persiseene character might dis-
cover something like Neros fiddle!

In any case, the Tangled Valley should
yield only abour one memenco per week. So if
another changeling scoured the region juse
yesterday, you are out of luck.

Also nore thac the Scoryccller should
come up wich an imaginative description fora
momenco like innocence."


Losc Along che
Endless Trod

Where che Endless Trod leads — if 1c leads
anywhere ac all ~ 1s up co che individual
Scorycelter. Nomaps, random encouncer cables,
or other systems are provided. This section
suggests how co handle evencs should a char-
acter leave the valley, and thus become lost.

Roll Derception + Survival (difficutcy 8).
You need only one success co find your way
back co the comforcadle fold of che valley. On
a failure, cry aga comorRow (ac cifficulcy 9).
Should you fail agam, cry one lasc cime on a
chird day (ac difficutcy 10). If you fait ac this
Jase chance (or have bocched any previous roll),
then you are uccerly and hopelessly lost co che
Oxcaming. CUitIpowier can and should be used
In chis Roll. IF she prefers, a player may roll
Gremayre inscead (aifficulcy 6) or cast an
appropriate cancrip.

& Discory

The earliest stories of Tangled Valley have not been
recorded by either humans or changelings. Both groups
came late to North America, after the formative processes
of Earth and the Dreaming were already complete. What
effect the Sundering or the Shattering had upon this
region is unknown. Two sources, however, may be able to
shed some light on this question: the Feathered Serpent,
said to be a holdover from that ancient age; and the
nunnehi. The former is elusive and noncommunicative
the latter, during their rare appearances, are hostile. For
now, Kithain bards have little to sing about

During the Interregnum, European explorersand traders
flocked to North America. French missionaries and fur trad

ersexplored the Great Lakes by canoe after 1608 (the founding

sf Québec by Samuel de Champlain). English traders per

etrated from Hudson's Bay after 1670. The Europeans br
with them fables from their homeland, tall travelers' tales
and a sense of adventure. Nestled within these kernels of
Dreaming were fae stowaways: redcaps and trolls came along

with the English; satyrs with the lusty, rustic French


Ie

Q

"AG

Unsullied by European reason and uncharted human
hand, the people of this New World possessed a deep
Dreaming. The Kithain decided to stay. Some settled

ide mortals near Fort York (est. 1814). Ironically
this was not far from a nunnehi glen called "place of
meeting" in the Huron tongue, from which the name
"Toronto" was derived.

The city of Toronto grew from "muddy York" to one
of the most metropolitan regions in North America
Similarly, the fae population multiplied. Many eshu had
come northward since the 1850s. With the influx of

ern Europe: sluagh (called vodianoy or grav-s¢
"grave-ghouls"), redcaps (polevik), satyrs (leshy) b

ts or domovoy), nockers (bergfolk or dre
-ooka (called "skogsra" in Sweden) came and wentas they
pleased. Atsome point during this colonization, the com:
moners named their realm the Dominion of Bosky Tarn.

From the turn of the twentieth century, the focus of
our history shifts to the freehold of Tangled Valley. At
some point, childlings constructed the first tree house on
this sight. Through Kenn: or Dan, they had located the
nunnehi sacred glen for which Toronto was named. Those
Amerindian spirits had left this region long before, re
treating from the spreading Banality (to which they had

d, unlike commoner Kithain). Successive gen
erations of childlings "discovered," renovated, and adopted
the rickety, child-made freehold

In the 1950s, some child removed a sign from the safe,
well-crafted and utterly boring tree house his mortal father
had built and smu d it down to the valley freehold.
Henceforth, the freehold was known as Gangsters' Hide-
away. (Apparently, the childling's gang of friends acquired
this nickname for being little terrors.)

On a bright spring morning in 1969, the Dreaming
changed for childlings of Gangsters' Hideaway, the Do:
minion of Bosky Tarn, and commoners everywhere

Jake Gallant (a.k.a. "Jem") was doing some modifica:
tionson the freehold's then-shingled roof, when he spotted
a faerie host riding along the valley from the direction of
the Endless Trod! Jem nearly fell from his perch. Back-lit
by golden sunlight, these fae riders were resplendent in
high helms and bright surcoats. They rode prancing chi
merical mounts. Pennants ruffled, bridle-bells jingled, and
4 trumpet sounded. The noble sidhe had returned

SARI
LAGA


From Whence

They Came

Kicham seers (and most eshu) are keen v0
discover che ulcimace descinacion of che
Endle rod. Any hopes of enlightenmenc
from che recurning sidhe, however, wicre
quickly shaccered. Lord Varian was amone
cha faerie troupe, but nerher he nor any «
his Fellows remember cheir journey. Concace
wich Earch has scripped them of their memo:
ries (including c s, days, even
weeks afcer their ar i
have come directly from Arcadia, or just ¢
Nkely passed chrou her Frecholds in cheir

» For a home. We may never know.

sst local commoners welcomed the returningnoble
sidhe. They were willing to accept a new feudalism in
exchange for enriched custom and fresh direction in their
work to restore the Dreaming, Relations were good be
tween noble and commoner. None of the local fae were
present at the Beltaine Night of Iron Knives Massacre
that event seemed distant and unimportant. (Some
Unseelie suggest that the commoner envoy, Gray Matilda,
actually conspired with those treacherous sidhe.) During
the Accordance War, Warlord Dafyll found this region s
supportive that he opted to press on to the East Coast
without leaving a garrison or overlord. In fact, local
Kithain were becoming a bit upset because they still had
not been granted a monarch. Only after the coronation of
King David was this region integrated into the feudal
hierarchy. The Dominion of Bosky Tarn became the
Duchy of Bosky Tarn within the Kingdom of Northern
Ice. Queen Laurel of House Fiona was welcomed with all

pomp and ceremony

The Kithain of Tangled Valley are keenly aware of this

Though the Gangsters are the latest generation

childlings, Sained within the last dozen years, they all have

an insatiable fascination with Mythlore. Lord Varlan has

ienced the history, having survived since the
gence without succumbing to the Undoing or Be

Only Thresher is a bit v , since he is but a fledge

Chapcer Six: Gang


Characters

Gangsters' Hideaway is of small importance within
the context of the Kingdom of Northern Ice, never mind
Concordia. It produces little Glamour and has no military
hed by the Endless Trod

and its affinity for "collecting" lost objects. Many sage

ill yield

presence. However, itis disting
hope thata study of Tangled Valley

ts of the
Dreamrealms.

Those visiti d Valley may interact with
z Gangsters; other Kithain, such

three groups: the g
sher the Herald; and a smatterit

as Lord Varlan or Th

of outsiders (mortals, chimera, and other strange beir

The Gangsters
This motley con f three comm

Jesse Franklin,

never give their true names t

rer childling:
ike Potter, and Dianne Brazenhart (they
strangers). Some consider
them Callowfae. However, the Gangsters are oathbound
to fulfill a very serious mission: to explore every triangular
inch of enchanted land, sr

litches, parks, c

within the city of Toronto.

struction sites, and sewer openings

recholds and Hidden Glens

alis when he was five. One
after, while peering from his bedroom window
he sawab slored lizard-bird perched on the white

fence across the street. Strang:

notice. Even more strange was the fact that this creature
stared directly at him, head cocked. Jesse slipped out of the
1se while the baby sitter gossiped on the phone. He
crossed the street and followed this Feathered Serpent into
the gully, where he at once lost track of his quarry. Instead,
lideaway anda number of bigger boys

conference with an old man. The

surprised to see Jesse

Kithain were
they were only just then discussing
how to approach the fledge
Serpent to himself
(or Fate) had brought this fledge to them. The strangers

but mostly the old man, who called himself Lord Varlan

spoke to him about faerie tales made real. Jesse understood

and accepted, and w

Feathered
‘0 the others acknowledged that Dan

Jesse kept his

welcomed into the Dreaming

Jesse has since had five years to
ety. This is

hoare

arn about Kithain
1 considerable length to "short-lived" fae,

ver-the-hill at 25. Additionally, his unconscious


contact with the Dreaming provides snatches of experi-
ence from many previous incarnations. Thus Jesse is wise
beyond his years. For his knowledge and ability, Lord
Varlan named him reeve of Tangled Valley

In the mundane world, Jesse, a student in the 5th
grade, is an exemplary child. He excels in French, English
and the visual arts. On rainy days, when baseball is not an
option, he spends recess in the library reading, primarily
mythology and bigfoot stories (the encouraging librarian,
Mrs. T, is a good contact). He is a Cub Scout, and has a
number of badges to his name.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Sage/Fool
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Eshu

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2

Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Expression 1, Instruction 1,
Kenning 3

Skills: Leadership 1, Melee 1, Research 3, Stealth 1,
Survival 1

Artistic Expression 1, Athletics 1,

Enigmas 2, History 1, Investigate 1,
Linguistics 1 (French), Mythlore 3, Occult 1

Knowledges

Arts: Chicanery 1, Primal 1, Soothsay 3
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 3, Scene 1, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Gremayre 3, Mentor |
Glamou

Banality: |

Willpower: 2

Image: Jesse is a ten-year-old black boy. One of the
ensembles his mother prepares for him in the morning
consists of brown corduroys, red turtleneck, and brown
Cougar shoes. To this Jesse adds a Mickey Mouse watch
and a green-and-yellow Cub Scout scarf. He never leaves
home without his baseball equipment

Tilutan's fae form resembles an almost-grown-up Jesse,
straight limbed and muscular, with a long but handsome
face. To look into his sparkling, cobalt eyes is like peering
at the night sky

Roleplaying Hints: You are attentive, inquisitive,
and curious. The more you learn from any source, the
better you can teach others. Many require your guidance
and advice, whether friend or stranger, mortal or fae. Even
old Lord Varlan has much to learn about the true nature
of the Dreaming. In your eyes, humans are wayward
children. Beginning with your parents, you hope to show
them the value of being good-natured and open-minded

Yet for all your insight and responsibility, you some:
times yearn to be just a little kid

Dike Dorcera.k.a. Spark

Mike's mother works most of the day as a secretary for
a large corporation. Thus she has had to raise her son by
proxy: notes tacked to the refrigerator, phone calls, and
the occasional "popping in" of a neighbor. Consequently
Mike has gained too much freedom and received too little
attention. As any child psychologist can attest, this vola
tile mix often results in a "problem child."

Mike's suspiciously innocent fagade conceals a mind
of pure and unadulterated mischief. During shop class, he
secretly works on unauthorized projects: grappling hooks,
clothes-peg guns, boomerangs, slingshots, smoke bombs,
milk-carton and acetylene bombs, firecracker missiles and
chimerical thingamajigs. After school, he performs field
tests.

Little does any mortal know, but some of Mike's
abnormal behavior is due to his being a nocker. He
experienced his Chrysalis a year ago — about when his
mother got that full-time position — and his Saining was
performed by Tilutan. His fae nature predisposes him to
smashing, monkey-wrenching and using sarcastic (and
sometimes hurtful) humor. Like dwarves of legend, he
collects things. This may involve digging through
dumpsters, shoplifting from variety stores, or "borrowing"
from friends. His collection places him high in the child
hood Hierarchy of Possession. He is rewarded with great
awe each time he reaches into his coat and produces
matches, a magnifying glass, handcuffs, cherry bombs, a
railroad spike, feather, quartz rock, piece of driftwood,

mouse skull, or beaver stick

Chapcer Six: Gangscers' Mrdeaway 101


Court: Seelie
Legacies: Paladin/Wretch
House
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Nocker
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Expression 1, Kenning 1,
, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3

rafts 3, Improvised Missile 3, Security 1,
Slight of Hand 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 1, Science 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 3
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Nature 1, Prop 2
Backgrounds: Treasures 5, Chimera 3
Glamour: 7
Banality: |
Willpower: 4

Image: Mike is "ten-and-a-half-almost-eleven," but
small for his age. His black hair, cut page-boy style, throws
his pale, freckled face into stark contrast. Unfortunately,
he is a plain-looking boy. He usually wears black slacks, a
long-sleeved white shirt (stained on the cuff with bicycle
grease) and a black velvet cape made from a curtain. In fae

form, Mike is no longer plain looking. His skin is waxy and

translucent; his most prominent features are a raw pug-

nose and large, ruddy mouth pulled into a perpetual

half-grin. Due to a grossly twisted spine (existent but not

so evident in his mortal form), he seems even smaller.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the Mephistopheles of
childlings. Be courteous to adults, crude and taunting to
teens, persuasive and confrontational with your peers. You
are a champion of the down-trodden, among whom you
count yourself. Lacking the physical means to defend your
convictions, you rely on distant tauntsand mischief, merry
chases, and (if caught) stalwart martyrdom

For most of your childhood, you have sought atten-
tion and affection, whether or not you are aware of this
Now that Dianne/Rusalka is courting you, you are unsure
of how to react. What is worse, Dianne has misinterpreted
your bashfulness as a proper response in the rite of amour

Oranne Brazenharc a.k.a. Rusalka

Dianne's parents are rather well off. They try to give
their daughter every opportunity to "find herself": lessons
in archery, piano, swimming, riding, self-defense, and
dance; enrollment in the best summer camps and softball
leagues; gentle urging into modeling and theater. Unlike
many smothered children, Dianne enjoys all of these
activities, and, as a student, has inspired many of her
mentors. Nothing was a fad for her. This was due in part to
her fae nature — satyrs are predisposed to art and athletics
and in part to Ms. Summers, her riding instructor, who
encouraged her to enjoy childhood while she could. A
nice bit of advice, that, coming from a mundane!
Dianne recently moved to Toronto from "out west."
In an effort to make friends with local Kithain, she
followed Jesse and Mike to Gangsters' Hideaway after
school one day. At first, the two childlings were reluctant

to let a stra and a girl, at that into their

oathcircle. All it took to convince them was her insistence


PuzzlePryx

This creasure appears to bc a star-shaped, clear plastic daudle Formed of incerlocking ‘crystal'
prisms, The dancing azure light ac is core 1s a scored Chicanery canzrip.

The puzzle 1s not so much in opening che scar - one cuy of the correct prism causes the entire ching
ro fall aparc, releasing che cancrip. Duceing che bugger dack coyccher (in order to score another cancrip)
1g anocher maccer. You muse achieve chrce successes on a Roll of Incelligence + Enigmas (difficulcy 7).
On a failure, you may cry agam, duc cach Repeaced accempr mereases che difficulzy dy |: ‘sleepy on 1
returns che difficulcy to 7.

The Puzzle Dryx currently concains chis cancrip: Chicanery @@ (Fugue), fac @ (Pearcy
Commoner), No Bunk ts required due vo the nacure of the cancrip, chough che Bunk muse bc performed
when the cancrip 1s placed in che Puzzle.

Cacs Cye CDardle

Simply coss this resin sphere inco a Room, under a ded, over a wall, wherever; ware uneil 1c stops
rolling (or risk Gecoming dizzyk and imagine secmy through che Cars Eye. The scene unll magically
spring co your minds eye. Lull 360-degree roracion 1s possible, but che peeper muse Rely on his own
perception-ased skills, Since sight 1s the only sense allowed, a knack for hp-reading (Incelligence +

Linguiseics, difficutcy 8) would dc a bonus. Now che owner recovers the mardle is her prodlem.

Matkie Talkie

This chimerical coy has cwo uses. [irse, re allows For direct cwo-way communication wich pencils
trees, squirrels, alien chimera, and mosc ocher crcacures and odjecrs wichin sighe. The incelligence of
the target is a consideration, as 1s che sort of informacion tc might have, duc Scorycellers should be
lemenc. Rocks may remember che last person to walk over them. A squirrel might bc persuaded co spy
for the characters in exchange for a walnuc.

Anas

|

The second use allows you to calk co incimace Friends, however discanc. Specifically, chis refers
co members of an oachercle or Kinain, Targers can only respond co questions; they can never
inrciace a Communication.

In ercher case, reception 1s crackly and dRoken, To mundanes, che user appears co be speaking
Inco cupped hands.

}
j
j

AwAaal

of her tomboy nature — and a couple of noogies. She is. Skills: Archery 1, Etiquette 3, Performance 2, Ride
now almost fully accepted Stealth 2, Survival 2, Throwing

Her greatest difficulty is managing to slip away from Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1

‘Zz

her protective parents. It's not just a matter of pretending (Hebrew), Medicine 1, Theology 1
to go to her friend's house, since Mrs. Brazenhart doesn't. Arts: Primal 3, Wayfare 2
approve of "those sorts of children" (whatever she means Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 3

by that). At the moment, Dianne les between skip: ap
by th At the moment, Dianne juggl ween skif Backgrounds: Dreamers 3, Resources 4

Pree lod nietinee aan bears : "
; : Glamour

» + Seelie
Court: Seeli Banality: |

Legacies: Troubadour/Savage Willpower: 2
Seeming: Childling ,
. Image: Fora thirteen-year-old, Dianne is well-devel
SUES: 5 7 yped. Yet even more fetching are her angelic face, hazel
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5 eyes, and fluttering laugh. When hanging out with the
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4 boys, she wearsa white-and-saffron dress over black spandex
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2 shorts and sturdy sneakers. A gold-trimmed blue belt adds
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, a touch of class; a matching ribbon holds back her long

Empathy 2, Kenning | chestnut hair

Chaprer Six: Gangscers' Pideaway


When seen by fae eyes, tiny horns sprout from her
hairline and soft fur covers her entire body. She removes
her shoes to wade, fetlock-deep, in the stream.

Roleplaying Hints: Your body and mind are forums
for the interplay between proper behavior and total aban-
don. When you are excited, angered or scared, some
primal instinct begins to stir within you. You like feeling
this way, butare afraid that such behavior might scare your
friends.

A favorite activity of yours is catching toads, grass-
hoppers, snakes and field mice; another is caring for
wounded sparrows. As you cup these little creatures in
your palms, peering intently into their tiny eyes, you
wonder if you are trying to share their thoughts, or if you
are regarding them as a predator would its prey

The most beautiful, intriguing thing you have ever
seen was a robin's egg transfixed by a thorn.

Ocher Lae

Besides the Gangsters, two other Kithain regularly
operate in and around Tangled Valley. The first is an old
man known toall children and many adults as simply "Mr.
Pigeon;" he is actually Varlan of House Liam, nominally
lord of the freehold. Richard Lyons (or Thresher) is the
other. His courier duties take him past the valley every so
often.

‘CDr.] sopra Lord Varlan

of Rouse Liam (Exiled Nodle)

Lord Varlan is a first-generation exile. He was part of
the sidhe host who came to Tangled Valley in 1969 from
Who Knows Where. His past is even more mysterious than
that of most nobles. He arrived bearing a crown with eight
large pearls (identifying him as a baron), a broken sword
(symbol-of an untrue knight), and a shield emblazoned
with the basted tree of House Liam. If this were not
damning enough, one of his fellow sidhe, a damsel of
House Eiluned, vaguely remembered that he was involved
in an incident of great rage and treachery. Everyone
assumed the worst. Now no knight will serve him, nor any
liege trust him with a freehold of significance.

At first, the sidhe were divided about whom to be
lieve: the damsel of House Eiluned or Lord Varlan of
House Liam. Neither house was considered particularly
trustworthy. Judgment was ultimately based on three
considerations: the damsel was apparently a seer of some
ability; a true knight of House Gwydion vouched for her
honesty; and finally, Lord Varlan did not deny the charges
(he couldn't remember one way or the other). In fact, he
accepted it without a fight. Half of his exile is self-imposed

[rechotds and Didden Glens

Disgraced, Lord Varlan has shunned court functions,
noble deeds, even the management of his freehold. He is
not an oppressive liege, but is arbitrary in his judgments
and negligent in his duties. The jobs of organization of
festivals and tax collection he leaves to his reeve, Tilutan.
The local tithe is one-tenth a changeling's dross levied
twice a year. From this, Varlan pays the Queen Laurel an
annual scutage (tax in lieu of military service) in dross
equal to the number of knights he should have: four

Apparently retired in the real world, he collects
unemploymentand pension checks from the government
Asanoble, he's adept at manipulating the system. He lives
with a mortal wife in a middle-sized bungalow on the edge
of Tangled Valley. Most of the time he spends caring for
real pigeons and his chimerical falcon, Ban, in his garage
turned-mews.

Unseelie
cies: Rogue/Courtier

House: Liam
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Expression 2, Intimidation 1, Kenning 3,
Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Training 2, Etiquette 3, Falconry 3,
Leadership 2, Melee 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Area Lore 3 (Tangled Valley), Enigmas I,
Law 1, Mythlore 2, Politics 3

Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 2


Realms: Actor 1, Fae 3, Nature 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 2 (Ban the Falcon), Freehold 1,
Resources 3, Title 3, Treasure 2 (Glove of Ban)
Glamour: 3
Banality: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: "Mr. Pigeon" is a fifty-year-old man who
denies his age by means of black hair-dye. He is overweight
and not very handsome. He can often be seen hosing

slacks and suspenders, a white sleeveless T-shirt, and black

shoes. To other fae, Lord Varlan's appearance is one more
befitting of a sidhe. He is taller, leaner, more radiant
imagine a young Henry VIII. He owns a few articles of
loak, hose woven

chimerical clothing — a cloud-lined

and outlandish living hats.

from immortelle verdure

Roleplaying Hints: Your reputation is ruined. You

have no future in court, no opportunit ve your
stewardship or leadership, no chance to win glory. This
you have accepted. You can still have your revenge: you
shall no longer recognize noblesse Yet a part of you
yearns for the pageantry and intrigue of courtly life — if
only you could be pardoned of your unnamed betrayal

You favor shouting above talking, manipulation over
trust, and ordering others rather than doing something

yourself

Richard Luc ns a.k.a. Thresher

Richard Lyonsisareckles:

yele courier with abitchin
mountain bike. His shortcuts take him tearing through
parks and nature trails, where he scatterst rsand
wildlife alike. Part of this bad attitude is completely due t

his (until recently submerged) redcap heritage

Ban che Lalcon

This exceptional creature can be classified as
a chimerical monster. It is intelligent and totally
loyal to Lord Varlan, who proved himself worthy
of its friendship during some forgotten quest in
Arcadia.
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3,
Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 3, Hunting 3
Glamour: 6, Willpower: 5
Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5
Attack: Claws/3 dice (when flying), Bite/2 dice
Powers:

© Rend — Because Ban is a creature of the
Dreaming, mundane armor is ineffective
talons. However, by expending point of C
Ban can rend (i.e. ignore) even chimerical armor.

Glove of Ban

This chimerical gauntlet is crafted of a strong,
yet supple, leather of unknown type (even to
Mythlore). It is the only thing known which can
resist the talons of Ban. Its secondary use allows a
wearer to parry chimerical weapons (adding twodice
to any soak damage from any chimerical weapons).

Sensing his dormant fae nature, Kithain have often
used Richard as a herald. They would hire him to deliver
false correspondence with a real message written in chi
merical ink. Proximity to all of this enchantment triggered
his Chrysalis. One such secret message was the first discrep:
ancy Richard noticed after his Chrysalis two week
Other strangeness followed. Since Richard is always on the
move, and happens to be stubborn and suspicious, Lord
Varlan and Tilutan have found it difficult to counsel this

ye; he refuses to listen to an "old fart" or "some squirt."

Meanwhile, Richard is learning about his fae nature
the hard way, via the Dream Dance. Richard is a tough
young man, but the trauma is still intense. Lord Varlan and
Tilutan are worried that, unless they can get through to
Richard soon, they may lose him to madness or Banality
or, worse still, the Dauntain

Though Richard L

secret is safe until

yon's true name is Thresher, this
if ever — he experiences Saining
Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Wayfarer

Seeming: Wilder

Chapcer Six: Gangsters Pideaway


Kith: Redcap
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talent

Kenning 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 2,

Skills: Firearms 1, Orienteering 2, Repair 2, Ride Bicycle 3,
Survival 1
Knowledges
Occult 1
Arts: Primal 1, Soothsay 1, Wayfare 3
Realms: Fae 1, Scene 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 1

rea Knowledge 3 (Toronto), Medicine 1,

Glamour: 7
Banality: 8
Willpower: 6

Image: Richard is a ruggedly handsome jock, about
twenty years old. Stubble and an earring give him the
"bad-boy" look which seems to be so popular among
women these days. He wears a red scarf over sandy-blond
hair, bikers' leggings, a football jersey, and fingerless
gloves. Asacycle courier, his equipment includes a moun
tain bike, belt radio, and cellphone. He keeps a very real
M1911 in his canvas backpack, just in case.

In fae form, Thresher's black-button eyes roll back in
his head when he opens his jaws. His mouth is wide and
lipless and filled with two rows of triangular teeth. A frill
of steel-woolish hair recedes from his flat forehead to
cluster behind his huge ears. Thresher's garb might remind
an imaginative changeling of a medieval herald's livery

Roleplaying Hints: Lately, some weird shit's been
going on. You've hallucinated that some of your regular
customers have rabbit ears or snake-skin. You imagined
seeing this dinobird-thing in a valley along Codsell Av-
enue. During a couple of runs, you've blacked out and
found yourself across the city a few minutes later.

Half the time, you seriously consider trying to harness
these strange abilities and this "second sight" of yours. The
rest of the time, you think it might be better to see a shrink
Or maybe someone's been slipping you spiked brownies.

And why the hell does that crazy old man and bunch
of brats keep harassing you? You'll give ‘ema fairy tale they

won't forget

Sors and Gallain

Childlings in Toronto are constantly beset by banal
talk such as: "Shouldn't you be at home?" or "Get out of
that dumpster!" or "First, you have to do your homework."
Even wilders orgrumps get the occasional "Aren't you abit
old for roleplaying games?" or "Now, grandfather, you
really do need your rest." Most Torontonians have Banal-
ity ratings of 6-8; the Banality of Autumn People and
Dauntain (who are all too common here) might even be
9 or 10. This is not to say that Toronto lacks its share of
artists, bohemians, or innocent children; just that they are
few and far between.

Aside from humans, other dangers lurk in Toronto:
Lord Varlan knows that vampires of a particularly brutal
nature share his city. Unfortunately, his advice to "return
home before dark" is often taken to be the foolish anxiety
of an old grump. Before his Chrysalis, Richard Lyon met
something huge and hairy (a werewolf?) while biking
through Earl Bales park; the encountershook him so much
that he now carries his father's service pistol. Besides these
casual threats, nunnehi occasionally appear at Tangled
Valley. They have yet to do anything more than spy or
issue threats, but all but the most naive expect a war party
toarriveatany moment. When this happens, the nunnehi
will surely retake their ancestral glen, as it isn't terribly
well defended.

The Leathered Serpenz

This chimerical creature is about the size of a lange
parrot. It is neither bird nor lizard, but something in
between. Tiny teeth and a hissing tongue fill its rounded
yellow beak. Each two-foot wing is equipped with thick
pinions and a pair of grasping claws. Yellow scales cover
the breast and belly, but other parts are feathered jade: the
ruff on its nape and pinions, and the fringe along its
whiplike tail. The creature's mantle is a shifting rainbow
of violet, green, and gold. When hunted, it can change its
coloration to brown, leaf-green, and gray, so that it i
almost invisible when perfectly stil

Though many have tried, no one has yet been able to
catch the Feathered Serpent. Many tales and prophesies
surround this chimera. One predicts that only the bes fe
in the world — pure of heart, great of Glamour, and strong
of will — can catch the beast; even then, the Feathered
Serpent will come to him or her when least expected, and
whisper deep secrets that trace back to the time before the
Sundering


Another tale claims that inside the creature's head is
agolden pearl. Variations of this maintain that the fae who
swallows this pearl will be gifted with either lowered
Banality, a cure for any one illness or injury, dragon's sight
(heightened Kenning?), Glamour, nothing, or a transfor-
mation into the next Feathered Serpent. This is all just
wide-eyed speculation. Nobody knows anything for sure.
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4,
Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 3, Kenning 5, Mimicry 3, Climb 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 4
Glamour: 10, Willpower: 8
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1

Harmless Buffet

© Voice of Mimicry
quivering metallic resonance, it is said that this chimera

Though its cry usually has a

can mimic any sound or voice, and project its voice 30
yards away. This power works like the Chicanery cantrip,
Fuddle, Assume five successes, minus those the target
achievesonaroll of Intelligence/Wits/Perception (player's
choice) + Alertness (difficulty 6). The power costs |
Glamour.

* Statue Game — Any fae who makes physical
contact with the Feathered Serpent becomes fossilized in
chimerical stone for 1-10 turns. The target may roll
Willpower, each success reducing the duration by one
turn, or slip into her mortal coil to escape immediately
This power costs 2 Glamour

Scory Ideas

Each of the following outlines should inspire an
evening of storytelling. They are substantial enough be
"director's scripts" for Storytellers, yet sufficiently brief
that players can develop their own "full-length treat
ments." Storytellers are encouraged to try their hand at
improvising a story from one of these ideas

¢ A Binding Oath

Unless the chronicle is set around Tangled Valley,
your first story should concern the characters establishir
their relationship with the local Kithain. The Gangste:
truly trust only other childlings (wilders and grumps are
but cautiously). To join their
This could

involve eatinga worm, giving up one's favorite possession,

always treated politely

oathcircle, one must undergo a secret ritual

enduring a "wimp test" (a minor rite of self-scarification),
peeing on the Old Oak, being Fool fora Day, orrecovering

some lost treasure

Other Kithain may consider swearing allegiance to
Lord Varlan and joining his household. This would take
the old sidhe completely by surprise, softening his de-
meanor and restoring a measure of self-respect. He would
treat this vassal extremely well (granting arms and titles)

and seriously consider her every counsel. However, for

being associated with House Liam and a suspected traitor,

Lord Varlan's new vassal will receive a penalty of +2 tothe
difficulty of all Social rolls involving Seelie

¢ Forcible Conversion

Richard Lyons is on the verge of becoming one of the
Dauntain. It is in every fae's best interest to save him. He
will probably listen to a fellow wilder — a tough male he
can respect or an attractive female who gets his attention
Gaining his trust will tax one's persuasive ability and
empathy to the limit

In his "hallucinogenic" state, Richard will perceive
any large group as a threat, especially if everyone is in fae
form. This could lead to him fighting and fleeing, and an
epic chase across the city. Once caught, Richard will then
have to be forcibly restrained while someone helps him to
understand his fae nature.

In this story, the Troupe can juggle a plethora of
archetypal themes: the "maiden's lap" ploy, a cinematic
chase, mistaken identity, reluctant conflict between al
lies, and mentor instructing the skeptical pupil

¢ Forgotten But Unforgiven

A notable sidhe knight arrives at the freehold of
Tangled Valley, requests an audience with Lord Varlan
and promptly throwsdown the gauntlet, He claims to have
been wronged many years ago in Arcadia, and now de
mands retribution. The baron is a capable swordsman, but
his opponent is praised in song across Concordia. If pos-
sible, Lord Varlan exercises his right to choose a champion;
he just might single out a nearby character

A duel to the death is one solution. More prudent
characters may try to get to the bottom of this mystery. If
they ask how the knight remembers this slight, he admits
that he doesn't; a damsel of House Eiluned informed him
She proves to be the same lady who damned Lord Varlan
with her recollection so long ago. Now the questions
change. Does this damsel truly remember? If she is lying,
then what does she have against the baron? Or is she a
pawn of some malicious creature of the Dreaming? Come
to think of it, what really happened in Arcadia?

This story could blossom into something very like a
murder mystery. The characters become detectives, trying
to track down and piece together various Gremayre ac-
counts in order to recreate the events leading up to Lord

Varlan's unofficial exile. If successful, the troupe could


Yyaayy

=~
LURK

Re

oN,

LY

(

vindicate the baron (and receive his undying gratitude) or
damn him irrevocably (earning his eternal enmity).

Fear Itself

While finishing up some repairs on Gangsters' Hide-
away after dinner, Jesse/Tilutan saw something chill
and dark staring at him from the nearby sewer grill. Frozen
with fear, he waited there, eyes closed, until much later
than his curfew. Eventually, he gathered up enough cour-
age to bolt past it, scramble up and out of the valley, and
run home. Now he is too afraid to return. The Gangsters
or Lord Varlan might ask other fae to explore the culvert
and thus vanquish the terror, either figuratively or liter-
ally. Then reeve Tilutan can get back to his duty

Anotherstory-hook has the oathcircle walking, riding,
or driving past the entrance to Tangled Valley. One
character sees something slither under the fence and into
the gully. Presumably, they give chase. However, all they
find is slime on the sewer grating

The Storyteller has a number of options concerning
the true nature of this beastie: Nightmare or Nervosa,
fomori or Black Spiral Dancer (if familiar with Werewolf:
The Apocalypse), or figment of the imagination

One interesting question: By bringing the light of
discovery into yet another mysterious frontier, might not
the characters be furthering Banality?


xploring the Endless Trod

Your troupe can discover for themselves how far the
Endless Trod goes, where it ends, and what may be en-
countered along the way. This story should be presented as
amystical journey, using the Hero's Journey guidelines in

Chapter Three of Changeling, A sample outline follows:

1. The characters go about their regular business in
and around Tangled Valley

2. Somehow, they wander onto the Endless Trod and
become lost

3. Curious as to where the trod may lead, the charac-
ters may decide to explore further. (Go to number 7.)

4, If the Storyteller presents "being lost" as "bad," the
oathcircle should set itself the goal of returning home

5, Tilutan or Lord Varlan will explain the nature of
this particular trod, and relate a few curious tales concern-
ing it

6. Hopefully intrigued, the characters will then set
out to explore the trod

7. The characters face a series of trials and encounters
that test their virtues and abilities. Meanwhile, they begin
topiece together clues that will eventually enable them to
solve the puzzle of the Endless Trod

6. This is the moment of truth. As at the climax ofall
those Fighting Fantasy books, one must solve a riddle of
some sort to unlock the Final Door.

8. The characters discover (for instance) that this
trod ends in the Near Umbra. The Gallain inhabitants are
mustering an army to invade earth. The characters are
captured

9. The fae stage an escape.

10. They flee back along the trod, harried by search
parties

11. Returning to earth, they muster the local Kithain
against this menace. Perhaps seers divine a way to collapse
the Endless Trod forever.

12. For thwarting this invasion, the oathcircle is
rewarded.

© Lost and Found

Many stories can be found in the lost items which turn
up in Tangled Valley. Perhaps the characters discover a
care-worn scrapbook filled with photos of happy events
and loved ones—the symbolic manifestation of someone's
lost memories.

Sympathetic fae will want to return these memories
to the rightful owner — a sweet old lady committed to a
rest home, for instance — but giving her a chimerical book
is not an option. The characters must enter the pocket
mindscape of each photograph and play out the old lady's
past in order for her to remember. Things aren't quite so
simple, of course. Many otherwise-happy memories have
a substrata of negative emotion, personified by Nervosa
and Nightmares.


GW RO ee

BS


excbing

(@:

By Kevin Andrew C1 Jurphy

As a matter of fact, we're almost certain that ghouls

and werewolves occupy high positions at City Hall

Edgar Frog, The Lost Boys

The freehold of Terebinthea is one of the most confused
Above

the University of California, Santa Cruz is situated a beauti

and yet most hopeful projects known to fae history

ful sylvan glen known as Elfland, the splendor of which has,
unfortunately, been shattered by University expansion

specifically the building of a ninth college. Though not yet
wholly destroyed by the encroaching civilization, Elfland's
days are numbered; it is merely a matter of time before the
wooded castle of enchantment fades from the Dreaming.
It is for this reason that a new freehold has been created,
t. Though

possessing none of the natural splendor of the glen of Elfland,

deeper within the shadows of the redwood fo

this freehold, known as Terebinthea, is an attempt to salvage
some of Elfland's fading Glamour. If the architects are in-
spired to design a structure of grace and beauty, and the
redwood circles are not totally destroyed, some of the Glam-
our of lost Elfland may be preserved, and the woodland palace

that surrounds the hall of learning may flourish once again.

‘Teredinchea and
Clfland

To the north of U.
one of the fire trails behind the Crown-Merrill apartments,

Santa Cruz, a path leads off from

and heads northwest to Elfland. Students have been com
ing to the redwood cathedrals of Elfland since the early
sixties. In keeping with tradition, they bring some trinket
to leave "for the elves;" thus, many of the stumps and trees
are festooned with s beads and candlewax and other
small items given as offerings. Small hand-painted signs
designate sites along the trails, such as Dragon's Den (a
hollow under the roots of a redwood amid aseries of pools)
the Council Chamber (a redwood cathedral witha throne
shaped stump), the Bridge to Heaven and the Descent into

Hell (a redwood fallen to create a living bridge across a

Chapcer Seven: Teredinthea


ge), the Grove of Mirrors (asmaller redwood circle
with chips of mirror placed into the bark of one of the
trees), Gnome's Path and various others. Different groves
have blankets, candles, corkscrews and
out for visitor use and enjoy
Unfortui many of the lessersites have now been
destroyed, arid orange slashes mark other trees of the
redwood circles for future decimation. In consequence,
measures have been taken to move the Elfland freehold te
1 safer haven deep within the forest

This new freehold is na erebinthea. The smaller

trinket

here, a place where Glamour may run free and beauty will

and talismans from Elfland will be rescued and taken
intouched. In the center of Terebinthea stands a
pole, surrounded by a circle of stones, with four tokens

a shell, for

placed around it to represent the four elements

water; a feather, for air; a candle, for fire; and a stone, for
le, which dates back to the 1960s, once

1 maze in the Cowell Meadow. When the

the pole was stolen and moved from

h. The totem f
{in a plywe
nerations of students. At one

point, it came into the hands of the University administra
like the larger pole in the Porter Quad. A bol

Terebinthea, where it was reconsecrated.

Near tl

withina circle of re

le is Cat's Cradle, a tiny
created bya web of inte

tree branches. \ statuettes and amulets of cats

s, thus transforming the small glen into a
es. Many ¢

of creation nearby

in variou

shrine to fel ther such sites are in the process

When clothed in the Glamour of dreams, Elfland is

a forest castle of fallen splendor, its walls breached and

torn apart by the bulldozers of university expansion. Each

of the sites — the council chamber, the Grove of Mirrors

lies in elegant disrepair, the rich and beautiful chi

merical t ries and furnishings now transferred to the

new Palace of Dreams. An old and sickly chimerical

dragon lies Jen before the enchanted , once a

wellspring for the stream that meanders through the glen
day as the Glamour in the pool either dries up or is
liverted to the new freehold

) fae sight, is still under construction,
of the old

included in each of the chambers and fortifications. Cat's
Cradle is alr

Terebinthea, t

complete, a glorious shrine to dreaming

eyes, spun about with chimerical yarn of all colors and
himerical cats and kittens. The totems

tthe old dreams of the land

home to dozens

on the totem pole can well, though they seldom

will to those w not respec


Even to immortal eyes, however, the fae castle is a
strange spectacle, not only because the dreams are new, but
because its construction is comprised of such an interesting
mix. The creation of Terebinthea — and the salvage of
Elfland — has been the work of mages as well as change-
lings, and this is most clearly reflected in the architecture.
Mage magick has made the totem pole into the new
wellspring — or node— of the freehold, diverting Glamour
(Quintessence to mages) to the new site via manipulation

of the ley lines and enchantments on the pole.

Terebinthea is also heavily warded against vampires,
werewolves and most spirits — though not, of course,
against faeries or witches. A Kenning roll is necessary for
changelings to recognize these witch-weavings, though a
subsequent Occult roll must be made to fathom their true
purpose. In order fora vampire, werewolf orwraith toenter
the freehold, the wards must first be opened or broken, and
these wards are quite potent — for good reason.

According to the records kept at the nearby Scottish
castle in Bonny Doon, one of King David's Western
Holdings, the ruler of Terebinthea is Lady Gwynhyfar
Mira, a sidhe noble of House Eiluned. According to the
sidhe, Lady Mira has recently named a young troll, Peter
Olso, as her Champion. Lady Mira is also said to keep a
very private, and rather eccentric, court. She hosts no
revels apart from a midsummer pageant at the Santa Cruz
Beach Boardwalk, and keeps out of sidhe politics as much
as possible, both Seelie and Unseelie. All others at
Terebinthea are listed as her chamberlains and stewards,
personages of little importance to fae politics

As is often the case with House Eiluned, the truth is,
of course, rather different. Lady Mira has used her sidhe
patents and peerage to keep the Court of King David, and
the rest of the sidhe nobility, out of Terebinthea's hair,
while she holds court in her own fashion and her people
work to salvage Elfland. For purposes of internal politics,
Lady Mira has already abdicated the rulership of the

id, such as it is, and taken for herself the role of
ard, while Peter has become lord. If, in fact,

Terebinthea could be said to havea Lord, since the general
feel of the place is more like an anarchist collective than
any true household.

The Fey Circle

The Terebinthea freehold is unique in thatthe Kithain
who make this their home also share it with a mage
Chantry. This group, known as the Fey Circle, is led by
Dustin Carver, who also serves as an advisor to Lord Peter.

Most of the Circle practice the faerie tradition of
Witchcraft, a path of magickal learning involving Celtic
and Teutonic fae charms, though the group also includes
aSon of Ether, a Virtual Adept and a Hollow One. Notall


members of this Chantry actually accept the existence of
the fae; indeed, many ly question Dustin's sanity,
though none would dare e him as long as he contin
ues to supply the Chantry with Quintessence. In the past,
relationships were strained — especially over the issue of
rightful shares of Glamour/Quinte e; however, since
the destruction of Elfland, both m ind changelings
have come to realize that the only way to save any of the
enchantment is to work together, and what stands now is
a sense of solidarity, if not community

Each member of the coven is a distinct personality

These include: Olive Whitethorne, a very pretty, very

New Age, and very traditional Wiccan witch and Adept
of Life and Time magicks, who believes both in faeries and
in Dustin; Bartholomew "Barry" Heidecker, a tall, blond
physics grad student — and student of Mind and Spirit
magicks — who has built optical sensors that can detect
chimera (which, in typical Son of Ether fashion, he refers
toas "hallucinatory anomalies") as well as changelings and
the enchanted ("hallucination-prone"); Jim Grover, a
political activist and part-time eco-terrorist who talks to
trees and who, with Life and Forces, can get them to
listen; Petula Martlett, a newly Awakened Verbena and
Afro-American women's rights activist who is quite cer
tain that Dustin is insane; Caitlin Amber, a Virtual Adept
and techno-pagan, who doesn't believe in faeries, but is
willing to play along for sake of politics; and Gordon
"Eightball" Geary, a Hollow One who is on the run from
the Men in Black, the Nephandi and several demons
and who desperately wants to believe in changelings and
anything else that might save his life and soul.

Of the mages, only Dustin, Olive and Barry can
recognize changeli rt what they are — and Barry
requires scanners, goggles and oscilloscopes, and thus is
easy to avoid (and a favorite subject of jokes by Craig and
other pooka). Gordon is highly sensitive, but differently
attuned: he is able to sense changelings as Awakened

but cannot perceive their fae seemings. However,

lt of his infernal dealings, he has an instinctive
distrust of the Unseelie and can sense their legacies. By use
of an old Eightball, he can also perform divinations of
startling accuracy

Petula and Caitlin have no fae affinity and generally
believe the changelings of the area to be delusionary at
worst and Marauder hedge magicians at best. Jim Grover
however, is an actual Marauder, though, because his
delusions coincide with much of normal and fae reality,no

one has figured it out as yet


Oucside Relacions

Situated on the California coast just south of San

Francisco, Santa Cruz is a crossroads sically and
spiritually —and as such is as popular with the supernatu
ral of the World of Darkness as t

mundanes. The
Holy Cross,"

it is with the banal

and this is exactly what it is: a nexus of

{reams and spiritual energy, as much from the population

who lives and visits there as from the paths of the

Brujah vampires
the inspiration for it, cruise the Santa Cruz Beach Board
walk regularly, at least in the summer months. This causes
some friction with the local changeling population, for the
sidhe, by tradition, consider the Boardwalk to be Festival

and Unseelie courts to set up their pavilions and engage in

ir may spin the Giant Dipper and the Loof Carousel int

and deligh

uckers (except

crystalline confections of dreams
ally goes unnoticed by the bk
of the Toreador clan), som: ect conflicts are av

A large pack
Creek, f i

of Fianna werewolves live in Boulder

in the Santa Cruz m

tains. Of greater
tance, however, are the ruins of Mission Santa Cruz

e square before Holy Cross Church. This, along with

numerous murdersites around town, has become a haunt for

wraiths. (Santa Cruz was, at least at one time, murder
capitol of the world, as several serial killers operated there
at once. The City Council, not wishing to publicize this,
insisted the town be renamed Santa Carla in The Lost Boys.)

The major draw for the supernatural, however, is the
of ley lines

Camino Real, the "Royal Road' 1 series

linking all of the California Missions together in a chain
und for Mis

sion Santa Cruz on the site that is now the Holy Cross

of power. The Portola Party marked the gr
Church. The Ohlone natives who were caught here and
forcibly impressed into Christianity died of dysentery
malnutrition and other ills —as did the rest of the Nativé
Americans subjected to the horrors of the Missions. Their
wraiths still haunt the Camino Real

In banal reality, the Camino Real is Mission Street

‘o the fae (as well as to mages), it is truly the Royal
Road, a path which can be picked out clearly and easily
with fae Kenning (or mage Awareness). There is just as
much dark power here as light, however; among the
Unseelie, it is whispered that, when the Mission bells ring
the wraiths of those murdered by the holy fathers are led

up and down the road in chains


The Chimera
Orzobal, che Black Griffin

The chimera known as Orzobal is, in fact, an ancient
Umbrood spirit, and has only recently — over the past
three hundred years or so — taken on the seeming of a
black griffin. Before this he was a condor spirit. When the
Portola Party came up the coast, mapping the ley line of
the Camino Real and marking the sites for the Missions,
they had the misapprehension that this new land was
actually the Island of California, mentioned in the popular
fantasy novel of the time, Las Sergas de Esplandian. With
this thought in mind, they took the California condors to
be the man-eating black-winged griffins also mentioned in
the novel (though the beautiful black-skinned amazon
women were never found)

As a result, the land was named California and the
condor took Griffin for its Latin name — and before any
other spirit could seize the power of the strange new dream,
Orzobal took it, for the black griffin's shape was even stranger
and more terrifying than the thunderbird he liked to assume.

Orzobal was canny and opportunistic and thus changed
with the times, clothing himself and increasing his power
with the dreams of foreigners, while the fortunes of other
native spirits waned with the deaths of those who had
believed in them. Orzobal's gamble paid off, and where he
was'once a minor spirit, he is now a major Umbrood and
wields power both in his own right, and through his ability to
influence the other supernatural beings who look up to him

including those changelings who believe him to bea mere
chimera, albeit a powerful one. Mages view him as a Node

guardian, while Garou generally believe him to be a Totem
spirit — the best approximation of the truth, although he is
not the red gryphon with which most are familiar.

Orzobal did not burn his bridges as he gained power,
and still has friends among the Native American spirits
and dreams, many of whom consider him to be a traitor,
but a greater number of which appreciate his pragmatism
and his help in aiding their return. The totem poles are
among the works he has inspired.

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Abilities lertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 6, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 6, Subterfuge 4, Leadership 3,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 4, Mythlore 6, Occult 4
Glamour: 8, Willpower: 10

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1

Attacks: Bite 5 dice; Claw 6 dice

Powers:

¢ Thunder—Orzobal may summon bolts of lightning
that cause 8 dice of damage. For the cost of a Glamour he
may also summon a thunderstorm.

© Presence — Orzobal's presence is so great that an
individual must defeat him in an opposed Willpower roll
in order to make any offensive action against him.

Placo the Banana Stug

Plato began as a minor banana slug chimera when the
University was founded, but grew more powerful when the
student body elected to name themselves the Banana
Slugs, and he became the campus mascot. Of course, this
was unofficial, and when, in the early eighties, the Univer
sity established an official basketball team, the
administration chose the sea lion to be the school's mas-
cot. Even a nearly unanimous vote by the student body for
the banana slug over the sea lion failed to change their
minds on the issue. However, a prolonged boycott of the
University's "official" sea lion merchandise — and the
underground manufacture and sale of banana slug T-shirts
— eventually forced a change. The financial scandal in
the chancellor's office didn't hurt, either. The banana slug
is now the official mascot
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma
5, Manipulation 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Leadership 3, Perfor-
mance 3, Stealth 4, Enigmas 2, Law 4, Linguistics 7,

Mythlore 3, Occult 2, Politics 5,

Glamour: 7, Willpower: 7
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2,
Attacks: None


Powers: Plato has only one power, but it is a signifi-
cant one — he knows everything about the university
Everything. This ranges from the personal politics and
private lives of all the students and faculty to each word in
every book in the McHenry library and all the unpub-
lished research notes of the university professors and
graduate students, including whatcan be accessed through
the Internet. Of course, he also respects privacy and
scholarship, so he doesn't generally volunteer any of this
information unless it is somehow necessary for the survival

of the university or the student body. Also, by appearing

in the dreams of students and alumni — or by asking
changelings outright — he can successfully influence the
course of university events.
As mascot, Plato is the personification of the
unconscious of the University — its zeitgeist —
and while his chimerical form may be disrupted, he will
always reform so long as the University and the student
body still exist. The only way to destroy Plato is to destroy
the University itself

The Courc
Guwiynhyfar CDira

Lady Mira, Gwynhyfar to most, is the de facto ruler of
Terebinthea, for the simple reason that she is the only
ranking sidhe noble in the glen and so the most apt to win
the respect of the court of King David. Lady Mira is well
liked by those in the area, and manages to keep the peace
as well as maintain a great deal of mystery and wonder. In
her mortal seeming, she works in a bookstore in Capitola
and tells stories for friends, both mortal and Kithain. The
Banality of the world is beginning to wear upon her,
however, and she fears the time when she will pass from
the world of fae and will no longer be able to play steward
to Terebinthea. Luckily, a replacement has presented
himself: Peter, a young troll with an overactive pituitary
gland and aggrandized sense of self-importance. Lady
Mira has already given him active stewardship of the glen,
for whatever it's worth. Afterall, Dustin Carver, the mage,
was here before either of them, as was Orzobal the Griffin,
and Lady Mira is fairly certain that any who hold power do
so only with their approval
Court: Seelie

Troubadour/Fool
uned

jrump

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: (

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

arisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,

Expression 3, Kenning 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2, Fine
Art 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Performance 3,

Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Medicine 1,
Mythlore 3, Occult 3, Art History 3

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 2, Sovereign 3
Realms: Actor 4, Fae 4, Nature 1, Props 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamers 4, Gremayre 2,

Holdings 5, Resources 2, Retinue 2, Title 2, Treasures 3
Glamour: 6
Banality:

Willpower: 7


Treasures: Lady Mira possesses a magic paintbrush
with which she may paint chimera into existence. To use
this treasure, she must expend a point of Glamour and
make a roll of Dexterity + Fine Art (difficulty 7) to bring
the dream into being. One success summons a chimera
that will last for a few moments, while five or more
summons a chimera permanently from the Dreaming. As
with all art, however, Lady Mira does not know the true
nature of her creation until she is finished, and the
chimera which spring from her brush are under no com-
punctions to obey her orders

Image: In human guise, Gwynhyfar is a young thirty,
with a long-limbed, small, athletic frame, waist-length
brown hair and notably elfin features. Her fae seeming is
only more so, as the pixieish quality of her features is
enhanced. In both guises she wears plain clothes — jeans,
T-shirts, etc. —as opposed to the courtly garb affected by
many sidhe. When necessary, she can dress in a style to
please even the most discerning Seelie noble, but just as
often, she flouts all rules of dress and propriety

Roleplaying Hints: You are a fae creature and you
know it. Play the riddle and the enigma, then spring the
joke at the end, and always, always, make them laugh and
keep them guessing. You are an entertainer and an artist
Even at your most Unseelie, you would never Ravage
another. Not because it's wrong, but because there's no
sport in it, no fun and ultimately no satisfaction. Reverie
and Rapture are the true paths to Glamour, and when you
tell astory forothers, you delight both in their reaction and
in your own creation. When you painta picture, it pleases
you if it pleases others, and it pleases you to inspire them,
but ultimately, the one you please and inspire is yourself

Dez er Redwood Oslo

Peter considers himself to be the Lord of Terebintheia
afact no one really disputes, including Lady Mira. Peter,
moreover, considers the Jotuns (the Giants) to be the true
rulers of the fae. According to his philosophy, only a
portion of the Jotuns (and the lesser ones at that) were ever
subjugated by the Alfar (the Sidhe), and in any case, the
elvesabandoned their claim when they left Midgard (Earth)
for Alfheim (Arcadia). Peter also considers nobility to be
an antiquated system — but no one is going to claim
pedigree over him. He has gained the favor of the chimeri
cal griffin, Orzobal, who gave him one of his feathers as
mark of his kingship. In human guise, he's an undeclared
freshperson from Oakes college who's leaning toward an
Earth Sciences major and absolutely refuses to play basket-
ball.
Court: Seelie
Legaci
Seeming: Wilder
Troll
Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

 Courtier/Beast

harisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Leadership 4, Melee 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Mythlore 5 (Norse Mythology),
Occult 3

Arts: Legerdemain 3, Sovereign 4


Realms: Fae 3, Nature 4

Backgrounds: Holdings 5, Mentor 2, Resources 1,
Title 1 (Very high pedigree to some Giants, not
accorded any respect by most Sidhe)

Glamour: 5

Banality: 4

Willpower: 5

Image: Peter is gigantic, even for a troll. In human
guise, he stands over seven feet tall, and is still growing. In
fae form, he reaches almost ten feet. He's also a very
handsome and striking troll, with long, flame-red hair, a
neatly trimmed red beard, emerald green eyes and a
fondness for medieval costumes. He doesn't have the
hornsthatare common to trolls, and appears much like the
classic storybook giant, which he claims are tokens of his
noble blood — the marks of Surtur, the fire giant of Norse
myth.

Roleplaying Hints: The sidhe can quote their pedi
grees all they want — you can quote yours right back at
them, along withall the related legends and myths. Though
you enjoy your heightand strength, you are enraged by the
suggestion that this somehow makes you inherently stupid
or that you must play basketball or be someone's grunt
Your body is yours to do with exactly as you please, and
your troll stubbornness makes you even more firmly com:
mitted to this. If anyone especially a sidhe noble
attempts to pull rank on you, bore them to death with a
long discourse on Norse mythology, Irish history and
Greek creation myths. If they really annoy you, mention
the legend that the dark and light elves crawled from the
body of the frost giant, Ymir, in the form of black and white
maggots. If anyone beats you or seriously gets the upper
hand, ask if they're going to chain you toa rock and have
a vulture peck out your liver. Still, though you will never
accept anyone as your superior (at least by birth), you are
comfortable accepting people as equals, or at least as
friends. Gwynhyfar (Lady Mira to the sidhe) is cool, if just
because she's helping you to run Terebinthea the way it
should be run —free and open to one and all, a safe haven

from outside politics.

Berco Racclesnake CDunoz
Ber isa nunnehi and the major liaison berween the

purieh acd iecehinthen Fie is abed oneeecie tewtn
realizes that Orzobal is actually an ancient nunnehtspiri
that has changed with the times, and issomewhat jealous
that Peter Oslo has gained the thunderbird's favor. Berto
doesn't like Peter much, but he has respect for the troll'
activism and cultural pride. Berea'ij;a Junior majoring fn
political science at Stevenson, and is\a minority. tights
activi ‘He grew up in Wateonvilletto the soathiand
Segura greak deslabout local polities

Paladin/Outlaw

ng: Wilder
Nucmeht
Strength 2; Dexterity 3, Stamina'5
arisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
al: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talent:
Expression 1, Intimidation 3, Kenning 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Leadership 2, Melee 4,

Survival 2

Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 2, Politics 4
Arts: Primal 3, Soothsay 2, Sovereign 2

Realm

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 2, Gremayre 2

Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 3

Glamour: 8

Banality: 5

Chapzer Seven: Teredinchea


half Ohlone, one quarter Portuguese,
and one quarter Mexican mestizo. He looks very Native
American, with long black hair, which is usually braided,
and small, slightly slanted, dark brown eyes. He is of
medium height. His canines are unusually pointed, like
fangs; to fae Kenning they are even longer and drip venom.
He usually dresses in jeans and some variety of Aztec pride
T-shirt, usually one with a rattlesnake motif. He can also
take the form of a California diamondback rattlesnake.

Roleplaying Hints: Your people got the short end of
the stick, and that sucks, but you don't have time to be
bitter. There's too much work to do, and you don't believe
that people are responsible for the deeds of their ancestors,
so long as they admit they were wrong and are doing
something tomake amends. Do everything youcan tohelp
your people reclaim what was lost — language, customs,
treasures. Give everyone who crosses you fair warning,
though; it's part of your nature. You'd really like nothing
better than to lounge around on the beach in the warm
sand, but there's too damn much to do:

Note: Berto may shift into the form of a rattlesnake
for the cost of one Glamour. He also has the ability to step
into the Umbra, though how he does this remains a secret
When Berto is used in play, nunnehi Arts and Realms
function just as they do for any other Kithain, only their
Bunks are different. They tend to be more Native Ameri-
can in function, i.e. shaking a rattle, dancing, wearing a
mask, etc. For further information on the nunnehi, see
Rage Across Appalachia for Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse, Second Edition.

Ouszin Carver

One of the first students of U.C. Santa Cruz, Dustin
Carver isalso the eldest of the Fey Circle, a Verbena coven
that has been operating in the area since the sixties. His
Awakening as a mage was slow and gradual; Dustin's
Avatar took the form of an elven scout — ora Vulcan spy
once Star Trek came on the air — and led him through a
sa result, Dustin became
convinced that he was an elf, until the day of the moon

series of quests and mysteries.

landing and the arrival of the sidhe. Confronted with this
(and a good deal of haughty elven nobles), Dustin was
forced to revise his opinions, though he still believes that
he has elven blood in his veins, and he still follows the
faerie tradition of Verbena magecraft. He knows more of
the Realms of Dreams than most changelings ever will,
and moreover has contacts among the Garou, making him
the most powerful member of the court of Terebinthea,
apart from the Griffin Orzobal. However, he prefers the
role of advisor to kingmaker, and the role of kingmaker to
ady Mira and Peter Oslo to
share the crown between them.

Natur

lord, and so he has allowed L

Visionary
Demeanor: Architect
e: Questing

Tradition: Verbena

Essen

Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Dodge 5,

Intuition 3, Subterfuge 4

Knowledges: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Medita-

tion 4, Stealth 5, Survival 3

Skills: Cosmology 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Medi-

cine 4, Occult 3, Science 2

Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 2, Life 4, Mind 3,

Prime 2, Spirit 3, Time 1 (Storytellers who do not have

access to Mage: The Ascension, Second Edition may

duplicate mage magick by giving Dustin high level Arts

and Realms, along with the ability to choose his Bunks.

However, vulgar magick — magick which violates the

laws of reality — is more difficult than those charms that

may be explained away as coincidence.)

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Avatar 4

Arete 6, Willpower 7, Quintessence 8, Paradox 4
Image: Small and fine-boned, Dustin stands no more

than 5'5" and looks to be about twenty, although he's

actually over fifty. He has longish, dark brown hair, green

eyes, and pointed ears, like Mr. Spock or Peter Pan or a

Tolkien elf. This is what mages call a Paradox Flaw, and


Dustin usually conceals his with a bandana. In mundane
reality, he favors army camo pants and photographer's
jackets, all in forest colors with lots of pockets, though to
fae sight, these are revealed to be Glamour workings of
superlative craftsmanship, something like high fantasy
adventurer's gear done up for Star Fleet ora Lost Boy gone
hi-tech.

Treasure: Dustin Carver owns a talisman of incred-
ible power, a photon crossbow, jointly created by the
dwarven smiths of the Mines of Moria and the Imperial
Klingon weaponmakers. Really. The crossbow is a wick-
edly flanged Mithril silver and Klingon ebony weapon, set
with ruby rods and prisms and engraved with highly
stylized Dwarven and Klingon runes (Linguistics roll,
difficulty 10, to decipher). Dustin took this dream weapon
from a truly bizarre dream Realm of the late 60s, and
through arcane rites and pure will has anchored it to
mundane reality. Most of the time Dustin keeps the
crossbow in dreams — the enchanted Realm of Glamour

so as to avoid the strange force mages call Paradox. In
this state, the weapon is harmless to those outside the
Dreaming, though itcan inflict horrible aggravated wounds
tospirits, changelings, the Enchanted, astral travelers and
Umbral werewolves. Dustin can also use his magecraft to
pull the crossbow into mundane reality, which allows him
to affect physical beings, though he is usually loathe to do
so. Publicly using the Talisman increases his Paradox
rating; though the crossbow is a superlative weapon, the
magick is highly vulgar. This treasure fires as would a
normal crossbow, except that damage is 10 dice, the rate
of fire is 2, attack successes add to the damage dice pool,
the weapon automatically reloads, and the range for the
photon beam is line of sight (though with increased
difficulties for targeting).

Hobgoblins: Mages who slip further away from mun-
dane reality pass into what's known as Quiet, wherein they
interact with their own personal fantasies and hallucina-
tions. Dustin's Quiet, however, is very close to fae reality,
if not quite the same thing — at least when Dustin is
around. Creatures from his dreams and imagination tend
to pop into being in his presence, or possibly follow him
out of the dream realms where they first encountered him.
It's a rather subjective matter, but these chimera are every
bit as real to changelings as other dream beings are, and a
good bit more obnoxious. Dustin's imaginary playmates
are usually creatures of epic science fiction and fantasy
adventure, including — though not limited to — various
denizens of Tolkien's Middle Earth, and the old and new
Star Trek series. These chimera — hobgoblins, as mages
call them — are particularly powerful, in that they can

occasionally manifest into mundane reality in a mage's
immediate vicinity, and can interact with even the most
mundane individuals.

Roleplaying Hints: You're one of the Lost Boys —
the original J.M. Barrie gang, not the vampire wannabes
— except you're not Peter Pan. He was a boy who never
grew up; you gave up boyhood, you just never gave up your
teens. Like Neil Young said, "You can't be twenty on Sugar
Mountain," and your pointed ears have kept you at a
perpetual nineteen for at least thirty years, not that you're
counting. You might even have green blood — you don't
know, you haven't checked lately to see if that Paradox
Flaw has worked its way out yet — but it really doesn't
matter. You're a woods elf or a feral Vulcan or something
like that, and you know dozens of faerie charms and all
sorts of fey witchcraft. Of course, even though many of
them are the same charms that the changelings use, yours
work a good bit better. It's probably because you're a mage,
but you don't think that this is incompatible with being an
elf. Read Tolkien. There have been faerie sorcerers since
the old days of Middle Earth, and lots of mortals with faerie
blood, and witches and the fae have hung out together for
a long time and traded tricks, so it's not a big deal. Merlin
was said to have had fae blood — even though he was most
definitely a mage — and although you'd never go the long
beard and pointy hatroute, youare the mage of Terebinthea:
court sorcerer, councilor, and occasional kingmaker,
though you're pretty slack about it and seldom show your
true power. You also tend to keep your mouth shut and
watch more often than you speak. A lot of mages think
you're skating dangerously close to becoming a Marauder,
living in your own dream world filled with changelings
and chimerical beasts. Of course, you know that they're
real, and have changeling friends who will back you up on
this, even though most of the mages of your coven are
rather unsure of the whole thing. Your hobgoblins are
even more trouble for your changeling friends, since your
hallucinations don't even have to manifest into subjective
reality to affect them. You let your friends call you Dusty,
though everyone else just calls you Carver.

Note: Dustin is a True Mage, and as such, cannot
automatically see chimera and other forms of Glamour.
However, he makes use of a Verbena rote called Faerie
Salve. This requires Mind 1/Spirit 1 and a complicated
herbal salve which isapplied to the eyes or ears, enchanting
them andallowing them to perceive Glamour. Usually this
salve is applied to one eye and one ear, so that the subject
may distinguish between the two realities. The salve may
be used by any mortals (the magick is done during the
preparation) and the magick is considered coincidental, as
all the herbs possess hallucinogenic properties

Chapzer Seven: Teredinchea


The Commoners
Alaric Ric' Selkirk

Ric Selkirk is a wilder Selkie, very new to his fae
ghlin, his
r's skin —

nature. After the death of his great-uncle L
changeling inheritance — and his skinchan,
came to him in the form ofa sealskin Edwardian greatcoat,
the Glamour of which he immediately transferred to a
wetsuit. He's had some tutoring in the ways of the fae from
Kate, an Irish Selkie, but she's a riddle, and has only told
him enough about the politics of landbound Kithain and
the mysterious Mer-Courts to intrigue him, not to give
him any true knowledge. Like all Selkies, Ric is caught at
Land's Edge, between the Overwater and the Undersea.
But since he's also a surfer, that's where he's the happiest
Court: Seelie

*aladin/Peacock

Wilder
Kith: Selkie
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

ial: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Empathy 3, Kenning 3
Skills: Performance 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Mythlore 2
Arts: Primal 2, Sovereign 2, Wayfare 3
Realms: Actor 2, Nature 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Dreamers 2 (local surfers), Gremayre 5,
Mentor 2 (Kate, Wilder Selkie), Resources 3, Retinue 1

(Mare, older brother)

Banality: 3
Willpower: 4

Image: In his mortal guise, Ric is a "gremmie," a
young surfer —fourteen, 5'5", stocky, with saltwaterblond
hair, large brown eyes and oversized hands and feet (which
are slightly webbed, as are those of all Selkies). His fae
guise is very much the same, except that his hair drips with
chimerical seawater and his wetsuit becomes a sealskin
He may also take the form of a harbor seal, both in mortal
and fae seeming.

Roleplaying Hints: You're extremely bewildered by
all that's happened to you. Discovering that your natural
talent in the water was actually a supernatural gift proved
to bea real shock, and you almost wish that your brother
had gotten the legacy instead. But not quite — you love
the ocean too much to eve this up. Though you're
uncomfortable and clumsy on land, you shine in the water.

122 [recholds and Aidden Glens

You've always wanted to be the best, but now that you are,
it's kind of scary to know that you're only going to get
better. But if being the best surfer on the beach means
standings an inspiration toall the other guys, you'll drink
it right up — with shy modesty

CDarcus ‘CDare' Selkirk

Mare is Ric's older brother, and would have been
Laughlin's choice as successor if the Selkie blood had not
flowed so strongly in Ric. Marc is kinain, with more fae
blood than most, and a number of faerie Gifts — as well as
a fortune in shipwreck gold left to him by his great-uncle
He's only slightly jealous of Ric's changeling legacy, and
he's also far more adventurous — Marc has found a
mermaid's grotto and flirted with a mermaid, who taught
him the Siren's Call in exchange for his name. In all
likelihood, Mare will be lost to the Undersea very soon

je Kinain

Wayfarer/Fool

Wilder

1 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental

Talents: /

Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
2

jertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Empathy
Expression 4, Streetwise 2, Seduction 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Leadership 4, Performance 3,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Occult 1, Philosophy 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2 (local counterculture),
Mentor | (Ric, brother), Resources 5


Glamour: 5
Banality: 3
Willpower: 4
Ima Aarc is a surf god — 6'5", blond hair, blue
eyes, perpetual tan, broad shoulders and a deep, hearty
laugh. And only nineteen. Even though he's now as rich
as King Croesus, he still dresses in ratty surf shorts, tie-dyed
T-shirts and Birkenstocks.
Roleplaying Hints: You are one of those people
everyone wants to hate because you're too good to be true,
but they can't, because damn it, you're a really great guy
You're bigger and better looking — and now richer
than most guys will ever be, but you don't lord it over
anyone. Luck of the draw, you get what you get, and it
doesn't make you any better if you got dealt a better hand
than the other guys. Just luckier, You've always felta little
guilty that you got everything before your brother, but

when he outstripped you as a surfer — and at fourteen

you were both happy for him and mad at yourself for
slacking off and letting him beat you. That he got the
selkie's gift and you did not is something you can't really
blame him foreither—luck of the draw andall that —and
you've discovered a few of your own faerie gifts yourself, so
you weren't completely left out. A few chests of Spanish
gold also helped to sweeten the deal, plus there's that
mermaid you met. You're a braggart and a storyteller; you
will inflate everyone's deeds out of proportion, including
your own, and area source of inspiration in your own right
You'd like to go travel the world, but right now there's

strange enough things in your own backyard, and anyway,
the gremmie [Ric] needs some looking after, or he's going
to get in over his head. Speak in a thick surf dialect, laugh
alotand act dumber than you are — life is good and you're
here to make people realize it.

Scory Ideas

* Dustin Carver's hobgoblins come to life, and the
characters have to deal not only with powerful chimera,
but chimera that can step into reality

© Mare Selkirk disappears. Ric doesn't know if he's
been taken by the mermaids, or if he's been stolen by
undersea formori. Using the art of Wayfare, it should be
possible to explore the undersea and search, but what the
characters find is anybody's guess

* A sidhe seneschal comes from the court of King
David and wishes to view the new frechold of Terebinthea.
Lady Mira, of course, hasn't informed the High Court that
they have the glen on a timeshare with witches, and
Dustin and his coven are using it on the night the sen-
eschal said he was coming. Can the characters get the
seneschal lost in the woods long enough to allow the
witches enough time to finish their ritual and clear out?

© The old dragon wishes to die along with Elfland
Can the characters persuade him to move toa new den in
Terebinthea? Like many dragons, he must obey if called by
his name, but no one has ever learned what this is. Can the
characters discover it, and if so, should they use it, of
should they respect the old chimera's wishes?


(Uhaz is afreehold?

Freeholds are extremely important for Kithain, for they

are the one place to which changelings may retreat in order
to escape the pressing weight of Banality. As detailed in this
book, freeholds come in many shapes and sizes; indeed, no
two freeholds are exactly alike. Most of the confusion comes
in differentiating between a freehold and a glade.

A freehold is an area, held by an individual change-
ling, in which the supply of Glamouris greatly concentrated.
It may be a glade, although not all glades are freeholds.
While freeholds are often created (and hence are artificial
sources of Glamour), glades are naturally occurring well-
springs, found in the most hidden corners of the world.
They exist because people dream of such places. They are
extremely rare, and, when discovered, their location is
kept a closely guarded secret

Similar to the balefire of a freehold, a glade has what
is known as a sacred stone. Sacred stones may take many
forms: some are made to be tall standing stones, others are
carved with ancient glyphs, some rest almost unnoticed at
the base ofa tree. Regardless of the form it takes, the sacred
stone is the basis of the glade's power. To remove or destroy
it is to strip the glade of its magical energy.

Frrcholds and Pidden Glens

Creation of a |-reehold

Creatinga freehold is no simple matter, though itis by
no means impossible. One must find a place with a certain
amount of natural Glamour. Such locations are extremely
rare these days, and are most often discovered only by luck
or chance. Indeed, some Kithain have spent years in the
search for one. The site need not be a glade or other
permanently enchanted place, but it must at least have
some touch of Glamour. When the location has been
established, the creator of the freehold must light a torch
from the balefire of another freehold and bear it to the
newly established haven. With this torch she must light a
new fire, investing a certain amount of her own Glamour
into it as well. This fire then becomes the balefire for the
freehold. The amount of Glamour invested determines
the level of the freehold (never over five) and is perma
nently subtracted from the character's Glamour rating.

Oumership of a -rechold

A changeling may come to own a freehold in one of
three ways: she may actually create the freehold (see
above: Creation of a Freehold), it may be given to her, or
she may discover it. If the new freehold or glade is discov

SSSA SAS
RAL URALCRALKA


ered or is given to the character, she must swear an oath to
protect it. The character must also invest an amount of
temporary Glamour equal to the level of the freehold. Ifa
freehold owned by a character should ever be destroyed,
the character will gain a number of temporary Banality
points equal to the level of the freehold. Once a freehold
has been claimed by a changeling, no other may claim it
until the owner's death — unless he himself chooses to

give it away

Gaining Glamour

The owner ofa freehold may use it asa source torenew
his Glamour, though he may instead choose to grant this
power to another as a favor. In order to obtain Glamour
from a freehold, the character must sleep and dream in the
light of the balefire, or near the sacred stone of the glade
Upon awakening, he will find that he has recovered a
number of Glamour equal to the freehold's rating. Of
course, the character may never gain Glamour above the
number of her initial Glamour rating. Glades function
slightly differently, in that the first person to dream within
the glade is the one to gain Glamour

Reaving

It is possible to gain Glamour from a freehold even if
one isnot the owner or has not been given permission; this
is commonly known as Reaving. In a manner similar
Ravaging, Reaving risks causing permanent damage to the
freehold from which the Glamour was gleaned. The des
ignated owner may also Reave his own freehold in an
attempt to gain more than the daily allowance of Glam
our. In order to do this, the character must simply be in the
presence of the balefire or sacred stone and will the
Glamour forth. The player then rolls the character's
Banality rating (difficulty 7). The number of successes
determines the amount of Glamour gained. If this number
is higher than the actual level of the freehold, the charac
ter will still gain thatamount of Glamour, but the freehold
will lose one level for every two successes over its initial
rating. Additionally, a botch will automatically cause the
level of the freehold to be reduced by one

King David has strictly outlawed Reaving, as the
destruction of a freehold is considered to be one of the
most horrible crimes a Kithain can commit

Dermanenc Cancrips

The owner of a freehold may cast certain enchant-
ments upon it which will then become permanent. This is
performed only rarely, as the cost to the caster may be quite
significant. Any character who wishes to create a lasting
cantrip within a freehold must pay acost of one permanent

Appendix


Glamour for each level of the Art used. Additionally, the
character attempting the cantrip must possess the Realm,
Fae ¢¢¢¢¢ (Dweomer of Glamour) as well as the appro-
priate level of Realm, Scene. These two must be used in
combination, and the additional Glamour paid, though
this Glamour is only a temporary expenditure.

The cost of casting a permanent cantrip can be shared
by characters who are oathbound. Only one of them need
possess the appropriate Realms, though all involved must
possess the appropriate level of the Art being cast. This is
alwaysa willing sacrifice; it cannot be forced froma subject
— although certain cantrips may coerce a subject into
parting with some of their Glamour

Nobles, and some commoners, often use this type of
enchantment to create wonders that defy imagination.
Nearly any fantastic setting, from an ancient medieval
fortress to a gothic mansion, may be created through the

clever use of cantrips.

Trods

Once the gateways to Arcadia, these paths are still
used by the Kithain as a means of traveling from freehold
to freehold. Though they provide a quicker means to reach
one's destination, they are not always the most convenient
route to take, Most trods are keyed to the seasons, and may
only be opened with ease during certain times of the year
Some may only be opened under certain conditions

Opening a Trod

In order to open a trod, a character must possess the
Art, Wayfare #¢® (Portal Passage) and the Realm, Fae
# © ¢6 (Dweomer of Glamour). The number of successes

needed to open a given trod varies greatly depending upon
the circumstances. If all the conditions for opening the
trod have been met — proper season, riddles answered,
sacrifices made, etc. — then only one success is necessary
If, however, none of the proper conditions are met, then
as many as ten successes may be needed, to be decided

according to the discretion of the Storyteller

Following che Trod

Upon entering a trod, a character leaves the real
world and enters the realm of the Dreaming. He does not,
however, appear instantaneously at his destination; rather,
he must make an actual journey. Though it may take one
of countless different forms, the journey almost always
involves an adventure of some kind

Upon his entering the trod, a silver pathway becomes
visible to the traveler, and this guides him toward his
intended destination. As long as the traveler stays on the
silver path, he is relatively safe, though chimerical crea-
tures will attempt to deceive him and lead him astray. As
well, there are places in which the path becomes extremely
hard to follow, and the traveler must solve a collection of
riddles and puzzles before he may be able to continue.

Leaving the path means almost certain doom. Night-
mares too horrible to describe live in the depths of the
Dreaming, waiting for the unsuspecting Kithain who un
wittingly strays from his intended route. There are many
tales told of individuals who lost their way and were never
seen again; others returned with stories of horrible creatures
of nightmare and hideous deathtraps. Some whisper that
hidden paths leading to Arcadia may be discovered if one
dares to venture into the unknown. All that can be said for
sure is that most who have strayed from the path of the trod
are later found huddled near the entrance, temporarily (or
sometimes permanently) sundered from their fae nature

TheDassage of Time

Time does not function within a trod as it does in the
real world. A great deal of time may seem to pass for the
changeling, though almost no time at all has passed in the
real world. The length of the journey within the trod is
often, though not always, a close approximation of how
long it would really take to traverse the distance; in the real
world, however, it may be that only seconds passed.
