# File: Frontier Secrets.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Seino

Werewolf: Se West"

——


By Phil Brucato, Richard E. Dansky, Robert Hatch

NCOOCCT


ce

we
Ee

Credits

Authors: Phil Brucato, Richard E. Dansky, Robert Hatch and
Tan Lemke

Additional Concepts and Design: Andrew Bates, Brian
Glass, Fred Yelk and Aaron Voss

Additional Material: Ethan Skemp and Justin Achilli
Developers: Ethan Skemp and Justin Achilli

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout & Typesetting: Lawrence Snelly

Screen Layout: Katie McCaskill

Interior Art: Andrew Bates, Steve Bryant, James Daly, Scott
Fischer, Darren Frydendall, Dave Fooden, Jeff Parker and Ron
Spencer.

Front Cover Art: Ron Spencer

Back Cover Art: Ron Spencer

Screen Cover Art: Glenn Fabry

Front & Back Cover Design: Matt Milberger & Lawrence
Snelly.

Special Thanks To:

Greg "Grizzly Adams" Fountain, for living with the bears in
The Hole when utopia comes.

Michelle "My Baby Daddy" Prahler, for bringing musical
Ebonics to the lunch discussion.

Ash "Prince Blondie" Arnett, for adding a touch of Bryan
Ferry to karaoke night.

Allison "You Didn't Tell Me It Would Be Like This" Sturms,
for joining the monkey hous— er, E&D.

Chris "I Saw This In A Bon Jovi Video" McDonough, for
shirt-ripping hints and tips.

Cynthia "Unseelie" Summers, for dealing with the less-Glam-
ourous aspect of Changeling — the editing!

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission

of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. AZon,
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf : The Wild West
Cult of Ecstasy, The Inquisition, Ascension's Right Hand, Leige, Lord and Lackey, World of Darkness:
Sorcerer, Freak Legion, Buried Secrets and Frontier Secrets are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Allrights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing,
Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and

themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and

intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.
Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA


Contents
Introduction: How to Use this Book
Chapter One: Garou Ways of the Savage West
Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds
Chapter Three: Antagonists

Appendix: Odds and Ends

7Z

15

31



Well, welcome back to the Savage West. Glad to see you again.

So you've bought the Storyteller Screen, and you're wondering what all's in the accompany-
ing book — that is, this Frontier Secrets thing. The answer is quite a bit, some that's suitable
for players and some that isn't.

First, a word or two by way of explanation: Werewolf: The Wild West is a big book, but big
as it is, we couldn't fit everything we wanted to inside. That's where a chunk of the material in
this book comes from; it's leftovers, although tasty ones. Nothing absolutely ne
chronicle, but a passel of worthwhile ideas that might help a game out. Some of the other

essary toa

material is strictly not the players' business unless the Storyteller says it is — nothing spoils a

good chronicle like out-of-character knowledge. Consequently, we've inserted some stuff here

that we didn't want to put in the main rulebook, just because not every Storyteller is going to
want their players to know such things.

There are a few more expansions on already-existing things like the timeline and weapons
charts — you had the basi
here's where we can tell you the full history of the Savage West: what happened to the Storm

Eater, what happened to the Garou, and how all of this leads into the modern-day World of
Darkni

So, how's your appetite? Still hungry for some leftovers? Care to try a hearty meal of horror
and action, a heaping helping of Savage West cooking? Well, dive right in. The main rulebook

is a loaded plate, that's for sure.

s before, but now we're giving you more permutations. And finally,

But there's always room for seconds.

Introduction: How to Use this Book



OO

Gifts

Circumstances of birth may influence a werewolf's affinity
for certain Gifts, but they in no way determine the exact
supernatural "tricks" that the Garou learns. Not all human-
born Garou are taught Persuasion right after their Rite of
Passage — in fact, the Gifts a werewolf might know depend
entirely on who's calling up his spirit instructors and what
those spirits feel like teaching him.

Although the Gifts listed in the main rulebook are the ones
most commonly taught in the Savage West, the Storyteller
may offer her players a wider range of choices if she's so
inclined. Alternately, she can use these following Gifts as
either surprises to spring on her troupe, or as the objects of
visionquests. Whatever works.

Homid

* Shape Smoke (Level One) — When on the trail, some-
times it's better not to let anyone know where a body is
camping. The tiniest wisps of smoke can give away a location
and can bring no end of trouble. Using this Gift, the Garou can
completely disperse or shape into patterns the smoke or steam
from a small campfire toa train. This Gift is taught by an Air-
spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Manipulation + Stealth against a variable difficulty (4 to shape
acampfire's smoke, 7 to disperse a train's steam, 9 to dissipate
the smoke from a raging inferno, etc.).

Chapter One: Garou Ways of the Savage West


Metis

© Shed (Level
One) — This allows
the metis to escape
from grabs and holds by

releasing a layer of fur.
This Gift is taught by a
Snake-spirit.

System: If the metis is
successfully grabbed or pinned,
the player can roll Dexterity +
Primal-Urge, difficulty 7. Ifsuccess-
ful, the metisslips from the opponent's
grasp, and the opponent is left with
only a handful of fur. The metis can also use this to help him
through tight places, using his fur as a slick surface to

squee
ease passage. (reducing the difficulty of such actions). Hairless
metis cannot possess this Gift.

's Coat (Level One) — Garou with this Gift can
blend in with their natural surroundings easier than others of
their kind. The Gift, taught by a Wolf-spirit, allows the
werewolf to appear as the appropriate type and breed of wolf

indigenous to the area.

System: This Gift only works in Lupus form. The player
rolls Manipulation + Survival (difficulty 7). Only one success
is required, but additional successes will handicap special
senses or Gifts (Scent of the True Form,
from detecting the ruse. If the Gift succeeds, the werewolf's

ampiric senses, etc.)

Lupus form shifts to match the indigenous wolves of the

rea.
Garou using this Gift in a city or town usually resemble large
dogs, a very unappealing concept to most.

Ragabash

* Fool's Gold (Level One) — The Garou makes relatively
worthless objects (beads, cheap metal, cod liver oil) or items of
inferior craftsmanship (blankets, rifles) appear to be highly
valuable and desirable. This doesn't cause a blind lust in others

Werewolf: The Wild West

to po the objects, but does make them
extremely predisposed toward whatever deal is

offered in trade. This is taught by a Magpie-spirit.

System: The player must make a Wits + Subterfuge
roll (difficulty 7). The Gift affects all targets present, al-
though individuals may make Willpower rolls (difficulty 8) to
resist its effects. Alternately, particularly
may roll Perception + Subterfuge (difficulty 7) to pierce the
deception. The number of suc

cesses determines the Gift's

duration; one success only lasts a couple turns, three lasts the
entire scene, while five makes the effect permanent

Philodox

© Strength of Vision (Level One) — A Philodox can
apply his will to.a goal and then ignore all distractions from it.
This Gift is taught by a Boar-spirit.

System: By spending a Willpower point, the character can
ignore interruptions, distractions and upsets as she pursues
some goal. Any information that the character needs to recall
to achieve her purpose is immediately accessible. The effect
la:

s for one scene.

Ahroun

¢ Iron Claws (Level Two) — The Garou's claws trans-
form to sharp iron talons, making her the bane of the fae,
whether nunnehi or Kithain, who live in the Savage West.
This Gift is taught by an earth elemental.

System: The Garou spends a Rage point and touches her
claws to an iron object. For the remainder of the scene, her
claw attacks then do an additional die of damage. The iron
talons inflict aggravated damage on any target which has a
susceptibility to iron. What's more, the character can more
readily claw enemies thatare toxic, spiny or otherwise danger-
ous to the touch; if the Garou would take damage from
clawing such an opponent, she gains an extra three dice to

soak this incidental damage. These dice are used only to soak

damage that's a direct result of attacking such an opponent; if
the cactus-skinned mockery smacks the werewolf with a fist,

the werewolf must soak as usual.


Black Furies

© Heightened Senses (Level One) — As the Level One
Lupus Gift.

* Dispel the Golden Waste (Level Four) — This rare and
radical solution to the Gold Rush remains a deeply-kept secret.
It summons up the spirits of gold from their resting places,
whirls them into a dust cloud, and whisks the gold away,
leaving the area worthless for prospectors. Where does the gold
go? Most Furies simply shrug. Who cares? It's only valued by
selfish men. Some speculate that the spirits deposit the loot in
some hidden Fury den. The tribe certainly has ready cash when
it's needed...

System: The player makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty 8.
Success creates a whirlwind of gold dust which sweeps the
vicinity free of gold and pyrite. Any shaped gold turns to dust.
The Gift can and will work in "civilized" areas like banks,
although a sealed vault prevents the dust from leaving. In open
spaces, air currents carry the gold far away; the Fury cannot
redirect the dust to suit her own needs. The gold's eventual
destination remains a mystery only the Storyteller can solve.

Bone Gnawers

* Scent of Sweet Honey (Level One) — The werewolf can
cause his target to exude a sickeningly sweet smell and become
slightly sticky to the touch. This attracts all manner of vermin,
and the target swiftly becomes coated with and surrounded by
swarms of gnats, flies, bees, etc. The swarm causes impaired
vision for the target, annoying stings and bites, maddening
buzzing nois
inconveniences. The exact game effect of the swarm is up to
the Storyteller. This Gift is taught by certain Plant-spirits, but
Iso teach it.

total inability to function socially, and other

3,

Insect-spirits can a
System: The p!

+ Subterfuge (difficulty 6). The effects last for one hour per

success, and the smell will not wash off during this time.

Children of Gaia

© Nature's Bounty (Level One) — Even in the heart of a
trackless waste, the Garou with this
Gaia provides the werewolf with food and water throughout
her journey: at least, enough to survive. The werewolf finds
herself drawn to trickles of fresh water or tiny, hidden oases of
plant life. The Cactus-spirit that teaches this Gift insists the
Garou repay Gaia by leaving portions of food behind when she
is not in need.

ayer spends one Gnosis point and rolls Wits

Sift can find sustenance.

System: Every success the player receives on a Perception +
Survival roll (difficulty 8) provides barely enough food and
water for one person for one day. Multiple successes can
provide for multiple people.

¢ Fertile Lands (Level Two) — The werewolf employing
this Gift calls on Gaia to make even the harshest, most barren
soil fertile. This Gift is taught by a Naturae in service to Gaia.

System: The player rolls Willpower (difficulty 7) andspends
one Gnosis point per month to ensure that the land is capable
of sustaining new crops. The Gift fertilizes one half-acre of land
persuccess on the Willpower roll. Once ten Gnosis points have
been spent, the land is considered permanently fertile, al-
though overfarming or natural conditions may leach the fertility
from the soil as usual.

Fianna

Firewater Kiss (Level One) — This Gift allows the
werewolf to indu heady, euphoric feeling into another
person's mind. This state of mind clouds judgment, impairs
eyesight and reduces inhibitions, much like a heavy drinking
binge. In some cases this may make an opponent easier to
handle, but used improperly it can make a hostile situation

even more dangerous.

System: The player must spend a Gnosis point and roll
Manipulation + Medicine (difficulty of the target's Will-
power). The number of suc indicates the strength and
duration of the effect. Every two successes add one to the
target's difficulties, up to a maximum of a 10 difficulty. The
effects range from light-headedness for a minute (two suc-

es, +1 to all difficulties) to a drunken stupor for an entire
scene (six successes, +3 to all difficulties). The target can
temporarily shake off the effects for a round by spending a
Willpower point. If the subject spends a number of Willpower
points greater than the number of successes rolled, the Gift's
effects are negated. This power can't be used more than once
on the same target in the same day.

Get of Fenris

© Resist Pain (Level One) — As the Level One Philodox
Gift.

¢ Fertile Lands (Level Two) — As the Children of Gaia

Sift.

* Mark of the Enemy (Level Three) — The G:
a spirit-glyph on an opponent that can only be seen by other
Get of Fenris. This mark is permanent, branding the individual
as an enemy of Fenris who should be watched or destroyed.

Garou places

System: The character must touch his target and the player
must make a Gnosis roll, difficulty 7, to successfully brand the
foe with the Mark of the Enemy. This mark isnever left without
good reason, and falsely accusing a person is a grave breach of
Honor, if not cause for death.

Iron Riders

* Well-Oiled Running (Level One) — On the trail, all
manner of mechanical devices suffer from exposure to the
elements. Pistols jam from sandy grit, wagon wheels wear out
from rough terrain and the occasional train breaks down from
extreme heat or cold. This Gift allows the Garou to protect her
tools of the trade from nature and the elements.

Chapter One: Garou Ways of the Savage West 8


oN

SSSSSSS

ZLEL:

System: By spending a Gnosis point and rolling Stamina +
Crafts (difficulty 7), the Garou can protect any mechanical
device. The device is unaffected by natural corrosion or ad-
verse weather for a number of days equal to the number of
successes rolled. Note that this power does not prevent damage
from anything but the natural elements.

* Iron Claws (Level Two) — As the Level Two Ahroun
Gift.

Red Talons

* Scent of Running Water (Level One) — As the Level
One Ragabash Gift.

Shadow Lords

© Brand of Suspicion (Level One) — The Garou brands an
intangible mark of suspicion on a target. The subject herself
feels no change, but all others in her vicinity feel subtle yet
powerful misgivings, even if they were favorably disposed
toward her previously. The target's actions and words are taken
with the most negative inference possible; even inaction is
seen as suspicious. If others are focused on the Garou or another
individual, their attention will lock onto the target if she is
brought to their attention. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-
spirit.

System: The Garou must concentrate for one turn; the
player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + Subter-
fuge (difficulty of the target's Willpower). Success bestows an
intangible aura on the target, generating mistrust in those
around her. Those who look into the Umbra will see the
target's brand, but must make an Intelligence + Enigmas roll
(difficulty 7) to properly discern its meaning (if the target does
not cast a reflection in the Umbra, the brand will still float,
crackling, in the space she stands). Note that Umbral spirits are
similarly leery of the brand, modifying the target's use of Gifts
by +2 difficulty. The effects last for a scene.

Silent Striders

¢ Faceless Stranger (Level One) — The werewolf may
avert the eyes of onlookers, mentally convincing them that
there is nothing noteworthy about her. This Gift is taught by
Lunes and Shadow-spirits.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis. For the
duration of the scene, any neutral observers take no notice of
the Garou, and subconsciously avoid her, ignore her and even
forget any of her distinguishing features once she has passed.
This power has no effect on characters who are already hostile
toward the Garou, or who have been specifically instructed to
look out for her.

Silver Fangs

© Dramatic Entrance (Level One) — The Garou may use
this Gift immediately upon entering a scene or place. She
strikes a commanding pose, and some environmental effect
(ominous thunder, a stunned silence, a chilling wind and the

Werewolf: The Wild West

like) usually accompanies her. This Gift is taught by Falcon-
spirits.

System: The player must spend a Gnosis point. The Garou
must activate this Gift the moment she arrives upon the scene.
The Silver Fang is considered to have an Appearance Trait of
three higher than her actual score, but only until she speaks.
This Appearance rating is not necessarily physical attractive-
ness; it is more often than not an awesome aura of majesty and
panache.

¢ Lambent Flame (Level One) — The Garou creates a
nimbus of fiery silver light surrounding her body. This Gift is
taught by a Lune.

System: Activating this Gift requires a Willpower point,
and the flame burns for the duration of the scene. The light
illuminates a 100-foot radius, and the Garou glows so brightly
that difficulties of hand-to-hand attacks against her are in-
creased by one. The difficulties of missile attacks are reduced by
one, however, as the Garou shines like a beacon.

Stargazers

* Sense Wyrm (Level One) — As the Level One Metis
Gift.

Uktena

© Feast Upon Snake's Wisdom (Level Two) — Unlike the
Wyrm, Snake is both wise and helpful. The Uktena may call
upon the spirit of Snake to tell her one piece of nonmagical
information. This may be where to find water in the desert,
howa lost pot can be found or who a ceremonial rattle belongs
to. Any single piece of information (barring something that
could only be known through reading someone else's mind)
can be discovered by the Garou. The Gift cannot be used to
identify someone who has committed a crime (such as theft or
murder); that would involve reading that person's mind. It
could, however, be used to obtain circumstantial evidence,
such as identifying the owner of a knife used in a murder.
Because Snake reveals her Gifts only to those who are both
resourceful and respectful, a wise Garou does not attempt to use
her Gift more often than once a week. The Gift is taught by the
spirit of Snake.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas with a
difficulty based on the likelihood of anyone else knowing the
information sought. Well-known facts (the Cheyenne use the
areaasa wintercamp) might call fora difficulty of no more than
4, while particularly obscure knowledge (exactly where within
the painted desert does a particular prairie dog have its lair?)
might have a difficulty of 9 or 10. Most information will fall
between a difficulty of 6 and 8. Those who abuse this Gift too
often should receive wildly incorrect answers, regardless of
rolls.

* Flick of the Fish's Tail (Level Two) — The Uktena can
breathe underwater and swim as fast as he can run in Hispo
form. The Gift is taught by any Fish-spirit.


CLE ERTL.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Animal Ken (difficulty 6). The effect lasts one
hour per success.

Bounty of the Corn Maiden (Level Three)
— Utilizing a couple of corn kernels, a few
nuts, a strip of dried meat or other small,
edible object, the Garou may call forth
enough food to feed herself, and possibly a
few other people, seemingly from noth-
ing. This Gift is taught by the spirit
of the Corn Maiden. N

System: The player spends
one Gnosis point and rolls I
telligence + Occult (diffie
6). For each success she g
she is able to create one meal
consisting of the type of food
used in the invocation. Thus; -
corn might produce ears of corn,
corn cakes or tortillas or a corn
mush, while meat might cre." ~
ate a steak or beef hash. The ~
food thus created wilt fully
satisfy one person persmeal _
created, being nutritians
and sustaining. Botches ~
result in no food being
created and the destruc-
tion of the focus (nuts,
meat strip, etc.)

* Kachina's Luck
(Level Five) — The
Garou may make a spe-
cially constructed
kachina doll represén-
tative of herself or'.
another person or
creature, which ~
is used to

ate

tract
luck to
the repre- =
sented
individual. The doll
must incorporate some
part (fingernail paring, eye-

lash, lock of hair) of or article
belonging to the intended recipi-
ent. This Gift is taught by a
Kachina-spirit.

2


SSS

ZLEL

System: The Garou spends a week to construct the doll.
The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls Perception +
Crafts (difficulty 8). To bring luck to the target, the player rolls
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 7 or the recipient's Gnosis,
whicheveris less). Each success (toa maximum of 10 successes)
should be recorded by the Storyteller, for each grants one
automatic success ona single die roll of the Garou's choice later
in the story, or allows all the successes to affect one die roll in
the scene in which the kachina doll is activated (not counting
damage rolls).

For example, if Song-of-the-Morning gets thr
on her Manipulation + Occult roll, she may use one of those
successes to affect a difficult climbing roll she needs to make
during the session; later in the story, she is confronted by a
deadly foe and chooses to utilize another success in her attempt

uccesses

toslash him with her claws. If she still has succe

's remaining,
she may use them in successive turns or save them for later. All
successes must be used within a single story; those that are
unused simply fade away. Conversely, if she wishes to use all her
successes at once, she may add them to asingle roll in the same
scene in which she called forth kachina's power.

Whenever all the successes are used, the luck is gone and the
doll crumbles to dust. Another doll must be made to utilize this
Gift again. No more than one kachina doll made by the Garou
may be in existence at any given time, nor can extra dolls be
constructed during the time the luck has been invoked, but not
yet spent. Making another doll requires the same ingredients
and takes a full week of uninterrupted time.

Each failure rolled when constructing the doll removes one
success from the possible 10, while a botch creates a doll that
functions in reverse, automatically causing a 1 resulton one die
(ora whole bunch of them if the quick luck method is invoked)
each time the doll's luck is called upon. The Storyteller may
choose to make either roll for the player, so that the player will
never be sure just how much luck she has to call on — or if she
has activated a curse instead!

Wendigo

* Buffalo Hide (Level One) — A warrior isn't worth much
if he dies before he can fight. This Gift, bestowed with a chant,
allows a Wendigo to withstand the treacherous weapons of
distant cowards. Once the two sides join, the warrior is on his
own.

System: If the player makes a successful Stamina + Primal-
Urge roll (difficulty 6), the Garou gains two extra soak dice
against missile weapon attacks. Bullets, arrows and hatchets
may strike the wolf, sticking in his hide, but he'll feel them less
than he might have otherwise. This bonus does not apply
against hand-to-hand attacks, magical damage or other nasty
phenomena (explosions, storms, big rocks, etc.). This Gift lasts
‘one scene and can be used on others.

© Hawk's Guidance (Level One) —In the endless stretches
of the Great Plains, the Wendigo quickly learned how to find

the path home. By chanting to the spirit of the Hawk, a Garou
may divine the best direction for his travels. The Gift bestows
a "homing instinct," not an actual picture of the terrain;
nevertheless, it's an effective spirit aid.

System: The player rolls Wits + Primal-Urge (difficulty 6)
to find the best path to follow. This may not be the quickest or
most direct route, but it will be the safest. The Garou's instincts
guide him from there. This Gift lasts until the journey ends; its
guidance dissipates if the Gift is used again before the trip is
over.

* Burning Tumbleweeds (Level Three) — By summoning
Fire-spirits into the dry bushes of the plains, a Wendigo can
make rolling, flaming bombs. This Gift comes from Coyote,
who used it for one of his more deadly pranks.

System: The player spends a point of Rage and rolls Ma-
nipulation + Survival (difficulty 6). For each success, one
tumbleweed bursts into flames which last until the bush is
consumed. The Gift also summons a stiff breeze. Once lit, the
tumbleweeds can be blown by the wind to wherever they'll do
the most damage; each rolling fireball is roughly equivalent to

a small bonfire for purposes of damage (Werewolf: The Wild
West, pg. 219). Before the Gift will work, however, there must
be tumbleweeds to ignite; this Gift doesn't create them from
scratch,

© Trackl
Red Talon C

Totems

Yes, it's a couple of spare totems.

Totem of Respect

Thunderbird

Background Cost: 6

Thunderbird is the fury of the heavens, the wisdom of the
true storm. He is courage incarnate, and his roar tests the
mettle of those who seek his favor. His favorite people are the
Wendigo and Pumonca, although some honored Shadow

Waste (Level Three) — As the Level Three

sift.

Lords have gained his blessing.

Traits: Thunderbird teaches his children Intimidation 1
and Survival 1. They can call on an extra five points of
Willpower per story. The Pumonca and Wendigo will both
treat a pack chosen by Thunderbird with some respect. In the
most desperate emergencies, Thunderbird may strike a foe of
the pack with lightning. He dislikes having to intercede in this
way, however, and will demand repayment in the form of a
quest.

Ban: Thunderbird doesn't like cowardice, and asks his
children not to flee from any fight where they aren't clearly
overmatched. He also demands that his children oppose the
forces of decay (mockeries, vampires, Banes and the like) and
the Storm Eater wherever they may find them.

iY] Werewolf: The Wild West


DE DL

Totems of Wisdom

Owl

Background Cost: 6

Owl is the quiet master of the night, the keeper of ancient
wisdom drawn from the darkest shadows. Many of the Pure
Ones associate Owl with ghosts and the Underworld; they are
correct in their assumption.

Traits: Owl's aid is subtle and sagacious; he sometimes gifts
his Children with strange premonitions of danger and forgot-
ten secrets. Owl gives wings to each of his Children when they
enter the Umbra, allowing them to fly from place to place.
Owl's Children subtract two from all difficulties involving
stealth, silence, or quiet. The pack gains three additional dice
when using any Gift involving the air, travel, movement, or
darkness. Each pack member gains two points of Wisdom.
Silent Striders will sometimes show up unannounced to offer
the pack assistance, but Rat's Children are less likely to look
favorably on Owl's chosen, due to an old conflict between the
two totems.

Ban: Owl asks that his pack leave animal sacrifices for him
in the wild places, in the form of small vermin that are tied in
place.

Raven

Background Cost: 5

Raven is a great trickster, and as such is venerated by
Ragabash, Nuwisha and, of course, the Corax. However, Raven
is wiser than most of the trickster-spirits, and tends to get
caught in backfiring pranks far less often than Coyote. He
isfies himself on the leavings of other predators, and is an
lent provider. However, Children of Raven usually have
to get by on their wits; strength alone is never enough.

Traits: Raven teaches his children Survival 3, Subterfuge 1
and Enigmas 1. All pack members gain an extra temporary
Wisdom point. The Corax also look favorably on Raven's
chosen.

Ban: Raven asks of his children that they not carry wealth,
instead trusting in him to provide.

9%

T


/

mi


I tell ya, yer adamn fool if you think us werewolves are the first ones with rights to these lands. No, I ain't talkin'
about the Pure Ones, ya blasted idjit! I'm talkin' about them other ones — the trickster-kin and lonesome walkers.
Haven't heard of ‘em, have ya? Damn, you Silver Fangs oughta unplug yer ears ever once in a blue moon

— Earl Cotten, Bone Gnawer Ahroun

People hear things. No matter the culture, it has its ancient stories of people who can wear the skins of
animals and run on four feet or cross the skies on feathered wings. Most modern, "civilized" folk dismiss these
stories as fancy superstition, but that isn't always the case. And the Garou know full well that they aren't
the only people born of mingled human and animal blood. But the others aren't all that common — because

the werewolves went to war with their shapeshifting brethren: once in the beginning of times, and now,
they've done it again...

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds


SSSSSSN To)

The War of Rage

Tales vary as to what touched off the first great war between
the Changers, the War of Rage. Many say it was the pride of the
Silver Fangs; that the Fangs, flush with pride from being the
chosen among Garou, claimed dominion over the other Chang-
ing Breeds as well. Others say the first blows were traded over
territory, overselect bands of human Kinfolk —some Galliards
even say the first battle began with a domestic dispute involv-
ing an errant lover.

But

a war. Some werewolv.

with humans, it doesn't take a very just cause to start
joined the fight with thoughts of
Glory; others set their envious eyes on their rivals' caerns.
Their tempers fueled into white-hot Rage, the Garou charged
into battle against the other shapeshifters. And not one Chang-
ing Breed, had they the strength of Bear, the cunning of Cat or
the wisdom of Raven, was able to hold back the chosen warriors
of the earth.

This War of Rage ended bitterly, with many Changing
Breeds dead forever and the survivors forced into hiding. Many
more shapeshifters fell to the Wyrm's temptations as a direct
result of the War of Rage. The Garou had staked their claim as
even if they'd sacrificed

the preeminent warriors of Gaia
their honor to do so.

For many of the shapeshifters, these wounds never healed.
But things grew to be a bit different in the Pure Lands. The
werewolves that traveled to the Americas long ago had decided
there was plenty of land for all, and they made peace with the
other changers of the land. Although both sides still bore scars,
they were content to live quietly beside one another.

That peace was broken with the arrival of the colonists.
Fianna strode among the mountains of the New World and
reacted with violence when the Pumonca told them to leave.
The Shadow Lords met the Nuwisha on the plains and were
appalled when the werecoyotes offered nothing even vaguely
resembling respect. And just like that, the second War of Rage
erupted.

Where the first War lasted for centuries, the second took
only a matter of decades. The Silver Fangs
"upstart" shapeshifters and brought in more of their European
allies via Moon Bridges. Blood flowed in the valleys and on the
plains once more. Before long, the Bastet were all but gone, the
Nuwisha had left the physical world for the Umbra en masse,
and the Corax fled to the northern reaches where the Wendigo
still kept the Wyrmcomers at bay.

seized caerns from

Once again, the werewolves are left with the blood of their
cousins on their hands. While many regret the poor decisions
of their forebears, they're hard pressed to make amends. Most
of the other Changing Breeds have died lonely and broken in
dank holes. Those precious few that remain refuse to talk with
the newcomers; their reopened woundsare far too painful. And
to make matters worse, the Uktena and Wendigo, friends to

the vanished shapeshifters of the Americas, have seen the

second War of Rage as a sign that they cannot live side by side
with the newcomers. Now many of the Pure Ones seek ven-
geance, and the killing begins once more.

Today

Notall werewolf cubs are taught the tales of their Changing
relatives. Some tribes feel genuine shame at their ancestors'
actions, and avoid mentioning the Wars of Rage. Particular
examples of these are the Fianna, Bone Gnawers and Iron
Riders, all of whom prefer to focus on the present rather than
dwelling on old embarrassments. Other tribes maintain that
they were in the right, and continue to assert their favored
position over their rivals; the Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords
are two of the worst offenders. Even so, uch as the
Silent Striders, Children of Gaia and Stargazers, make a point
of teaching their cubs of the Wars of Rage — and reminding
their cubs that such mistakes shouldn't be repeated.

ome tribs

But not all of the Changers are dead. Gaia gave them many
gifts to make them strong, swift and hardy, and they still haunt
the wild places of the frontier where not even Uktena or
Wendigo set foot. Some exact vengeance on any Garou who
cross their territories; others just avoid any trespassers. But a

handful, a very few, still remain.

rw =

Shapeshifter Characters \

Naturally, it's entirely possible for a player who
( wants to rur

oe
«
4

another sort of werecreature to do so, so

longas the Storyteller is willing. Although the native
g ry

Changing Breeds resent the heavy-handed belliger-
\ 5
\ ence of the werewolves, there's no reason why an
} open-minded shapeshifter and an open-minded pack
) can't settle their differences and work together.

Admittedly, the followingare very bare-bonesrules
for shapeshifters. Storytellers who plan to make a
habit of allowing Nuwisha, Corax or Pumonea char-
acters into their games are encouraged to seek out a
copy of The Werewolf Players Guide, which has
expanded information on these and many more of the
Changing Breeds. What's more, the Changing Breed |
books (such as Bastet and Nuwisha) are invaluable /
aids for anyone who wants the full story of these >

persecuted creatures.

And as always, if you want more detail in your}
chronicle, you're welcome to just go ahead and make
it up! So what if you've got the only Nuwisha whose
Gifts allow him to take the shape of a saguaro? As
always, it doesn't have to be "official" to be enjoyable
understand that the (
{  Storyteller's decision stands. Rules are there toelimi-
«nate arguments, that's all — if you don't have any
arguments, you won't need any rules.

— as long as the playe


|

TD

Corax:
The Children of Raven
Legendry

You didn't hear this from me. No, no, I mean, yes, I'm telling
you, but don't tell anyone that you heard it from me. If you tell
someone, he'll tell someone else, and sooner or later it's gonna get
back to the ravens that I'm the one what spilled the beans. They get
real upset over anyone else sharin' their secrets, and when they get
upset, bad things happen to the folks they're upset with.

Funny. They're such blabbermouths, you'd think they wouldn't
mind anyone else joining in the fun. But nope, that ain't the way it
goes.

Anyhow, the Corax may be a bit tetched, but they've done us all
aservice, so we cut them a few cords' worth of slack. You see, back
in the old days (and mean the old days) Crazy Aunt Luna reached
down and gave all of us a little present. That's how we got chopped
up into Ahroun and Ragabash and whatnot, ain't it. And Gaia
nodded and smiled over the whole thing, and everyone was real
happy, ‘cept for one. The Sun.

You see, he's avain sort, and he got himself in a huff over the fact
that everyone else was paying attention to Luna. So he did
‘zactly what you'd expect he'd do. He went some-
where else to sulk and feel sorry for his own self.

Now, this had the sort of effect you'd think
it might have. With Helios gone, the world
got pretty dark right
quick
tried

Luna

the whole place up, but she's not what you'd call the most consistent
sort, and we were in the dark pretty much all of the time. What was
worse though, was that without the sun, all sorts of critters who spent
the daylight hours hiding from the light got uppity. So it was pretty
plain that we needed Helios back, but it was also kind of important
that we not let him know how bad we needed him, otherwise he'd
keep on pulling this sort of thing. And let me tell you, there ain't
nothing worse than a sun you can't rely on.

So we went looking for him, but we couldn't find him. We
searched high and low, but we didn't look high enough, you see. He
was off hiding behind the sky or some such, aplace where we couldn't
go

‘Course, Raven did think of looking up while all the rest were
looking down, so he told his children where the Sun was hiding. They
went off after him, and they took a mirror with ‘em. Why? Well,
that's the clever part

You see, the whole flock of them carried that mirror right up to the
Sun's doorstep, so he'd see it when he peeked out. Then, instead of
ringin' his bell (or whatever spirits have on their doors when they're
feeling put out), they sat down outside and started chattering about
how wonderful everything was, and how
bright the world was, and how beauti-

fully lit things were, and all

ce 5


SoS

that sort of stuff. Now Helios was listening, ‘cause he expected them
to be wailin' and cryin' over how much they missed him. So when
he heard the Corax talking about how nice things were instead, he
blew seven sorts o' gaskets and opened his door to see what in Sam
Hill they were talking about. Of course, all he saw was himself, but,
not being too bright (funny, that) , he mistook it for another Sun that
someone had hired to replace him. He got kinda glum at that point.
The Corax noticed this, and told him that they could help him get
his old spot back if he came back with ‘em. Helios agreed, but he got
a bit too eager following them back and burned the lot of ‘em black.
The rest, as they say, is Litany. Or some such.
at story comes from the Tlingit Corax, the ones who live

i and the Norwegians up Minnesota
idea. There aren't that many actual

Oh, andone other shine:
was so grateful to them for their
so jealous of Luna giving out her Gij
folks — that he gave the Corax their Gifts
an answer, either, which just meant that
sneaky to keep His children His. But that's ano

Description

There are some secrets that need to be kept hii
couldn't prove it to the Corax. The descendan
and Memory, the raven-folk will go to the end
and beyond the grave — to uncover what ey
This need to discover secrets goes far bey@mt
though. It is a sacred duty, for while t
eyes, their visions do no good if the;
them. It falls to the Corax to se
system, to shine Helios' light/if
illuminate the horrors breeding

kest places and

And if they can pick up a while they're at
it, the Corax won't compla

If the Corax have an acd
they aren't sharing it with any x is known is that the
wereravens tend to show up wi Something interesting is
about to happen. This seeming omnipresence gives the impres-
sion that there are a lot more Corax out there than there
actually are.

While Corax are incurable gossips, they prefer to keep their
relations with their fellow wereravens to conversation-length.
After all, two Corax traveling together would find themselves
in competition for the same secrets, and working together just
isn't as much fun as discovering something all by your lone-
some. This is why there are no Corax packs (or flocks, or
anything else) except in times of direst emergency. However,
all Corax make certain to stay in constant contact with others
of their kind, just to keep the information flowing. If a Corax

their own numbers,

drops out of touch for more than a few days, odds are one of her
fellow birds is going to come looking for her.

Like the Garou, the Corax came to the New World in two
waves. The first came across with their Kinfolk at the same
time the Pure Ones crossed the land bridge into the Americas.
These Corax settled along the coast in the Pacific Northwest,
from Alaska down to northern California. Even these days, it's
rare for a Corax with Indian blood in him to be fgund far from
the Pacific.

The other wereravens came with the
tion, forced to the Americas by famin
other pleasantries. Such Corax a
second wave of settlers; there'sif
unless there's someone there!
Corax as cardsharps, te
occasionally sailors off

Opean immigra-
ass evictions and
ir Kin travel in the
WSense moving somewhere
0. These days, you'll find
rators, newspapermen and
erships. One or two are supposedly
after the cities of gold that the
f themselves for, but even the other

's as over-enthusiastic.
g with the Garou about as well as anyone
Silver Fangs recognize the value of good
However, the wereravens sat out the Second War
‘i nds between Scots and Tlingit Corax being a lot
e han those between, say, Wendigo and Shadow Lords.

ation
it organization the Corax have is back in the Old
out west it's every bird for himself. Corax are always
e at Garou council fires, and they prefer the status of
guests at others' festivities — that way they don't get
down in the details of setting the blamed thing up.

fat you do have among the Corax is a way of transmitting
information that's fast, efficient, and set up to run parallel so
that even if one messenger goes down, word always gets
through. If one Corax uncovers something important, within
a couple of days three others of his kind will have that
information, and the exponential expansion goes on from
there. Furthermore, the wereravens have a series of informa-
tion drops in the Storm Umbra; even the Nuwisha know better
than to disturb these.

Corax Parliaments are extremely rare events, existing pri-
marily so the wereravens can talk around important issues. At
the end of the evening, somehow everyone knows what the
consensus is and acts on it without whatever matter prompted
the Parliament being mentioned as such. Parliaments and their
immediate aftermath are the only times you'll see large num-
bers of Corax in one place at the same time.

Young Corax sometimes run together in gangs mislabeled
"murders" by a Silver Fang who couldn't keep his crows and
ravens straight. The name stuck, and the Corax have bigger
fish to fry than correcting a Garou semantic error. Besides,
most "murders" fall apart in a year or two anyhow.

18 Werewolf: The Wild West


Traits

All of the Corax are Raven's special children, and he adopts
them without being asked. Asa result, all Corax are automati-
cally allied to Raven and don't need to purchase the Totems
Background. However, Raven's a little more indulgent with
these children than he is with Garou who follow him; Corax
are not bound by Raven's Ban, and often amass huge fortunes
as a result.

While Garou and Corax agree on the types of Renown they
value, Corax hold Wisdom in higher esteem than do the
werewolves. All Wisdom awards for Corax are doubled, and
wereravens seek Wisdom assiduously while sometimes forget-
ting to follow up on Glory or Honor.

Corax start with 3 Willpower, 6 Gnosis and a single point
of Rage. There are no metis Corax, as the process of becoming
Corax is independentofa child (orbird's) actual birth. Instead,
through a rite enacted in the Umbra, a spirit-egg gets bound
into the future Corax (often the child of aCorax, but never the
child of two). Eventually, this egg hatches, the young Corax
undergoes First Change and all of the local Corax rush to the
side of the fledgling to defend her from any Umbral predators
who might have heard her "birth pangs."

Breeds

The rite for creating a new Corax takes a lot out of a would-
be parent — three Permanent Gnosis, to be precise — so it's
not like there are a lot of new ones being born. There is literally
no way to perform the rite on the offspring of two Corax, which
means that there are no metis wereravens. (Nuwisha claim that
there are no Corax metis because the birds can't stop talking
long enough to climb into bed, but that's just vicious rumor.)
As a result, there are only two breeds of Corax: homid and
corvid. However, there's no real division along breed lines
among the Corax. Who can afford to limit one's sources of
information, after all?

Forms

Corax have three forms, one of which they try to avoid
spending time in as much as possible. While wereravens are
equally at home in skin or feathers, it's when the two get mixed
that things get embarrassing.

 Homid: A Corax' human form looks like anormal human,
though most Corax tend to be thin and sharp-boned. Most also
have jet-black hair and dark eyes, and among European Corax
pale skin is common.

 Crinos, also called Rara Avis as a Corax in-joke (Bird-
Man): An unwieldy combination of man and bird, the Crinos
form is nothing to write home about unless you're into amusing
letters. While the form is still recognizably humanoid, the
bones of the human face have half-fused into a beak, hair has
mostly become feathers, and arms have become sparsely feath-
ered wings. In this form, a Corax' hands and feet become
wicked claws, which explains why some wereravens resort to

Crinos for defense purposes. Indeed, defense and intimidation
are the only things for which Corax use this form,

While in Crinos, Corax do Strength +1 aggravated damage
with their hands and feet. They inspire the Delirium, butattwo
levels less than usual on the Delirium Chart. Furthermore,
Corax in Crinos are capable of flight despite the fact that they
maintain their Homid body mass. This sort of flight is so
awkward-looking that most Corax disdain it entirely.

* Corvid (Raven): A raven with a wingspan of a full four
and a half feet, Corvid form is the one Corax prefer for flight.
Of course, in this form they also prefer flight to combat, for
obvious reasons. Corax in Corvid form attack with their beaks
(Strength +1 aggravated damage).

Form Statistics

Crinos Corvid
Str#1 Str: -1

Sta: +1 Star +0

Dex: +1 Dex: +1

App: -1 App: +0
Man: -2 Man: -3

Per: -3 to diff. Per: -4 to diff.
Diff.6 Diff. 6

Gifts

Corax have their own Gifts, taught to them by the Sun in
mistaken thanks. There are particularly paranoid Garou who
claim that the damn ravens have uncovered the secrets of all
of the Garou Gifts as well, and Corax have been seen using
plenty of Gifts equivalent to those of the Garou. It's cold hard
fact, however, that the wolves have never been able to uncover
the ravens' secrets, and that the Corax Gifts are known to
Corax alone.

All Corax start out with three Gifts. Corax Gifts are
directed toward uncovering and passing along information —
and getting out alive with the latest news.

¢ Enemy Ways (Level One) — The Corax has a sort of
danger sense, and can glean hints as to the nature of enemies
in the area.

System: The player rolls Perception + Stealth. Usually a
Corax who uses this Gift successfully can pick out the number
and type of his opponents; with extreme successes, sometimes
more can be learned.

* Morse (Level One) — The wereraven can go the tele-
graph one better; with this Gift, she can tap out a Morse code
message on any surface and have the nearest Corax hear the
message clear as day. Of course, the receiving Corax might not
know Morse code, but that's the sort of risk you've got to take.

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds


System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Wits +
Empathy, difficulty 8).

* Voice of the Mimic (Level One) — This Gift allows the
Corax to imitate any sound or voice she has heard.

System: The Gift requires a Perception + Expression roll,
with the difficulty based on the complexity of the sound.

© Word Beyond (Level One) — While in the Umbra, the
Corax can create a marker out of available materials for any
other Corax who come by.

System: The number of successes on a Wits + Expression
roll (difficulty 6) indicates the complexity of the message that
can be encrypted into the marker. Another Corax can decrypt
the message with a Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty 7).

© Omens and Signs (Level Two) — Corax can find
symbolic portents in their surroundings without even trying —
but this Gift helps. The world is full of omens, after all, but a
Corax with this Gift knows where to look for them.

System: To find an omen in the Corax's surroundings, the
player rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 6). However, Corax have
to be careful not to abuse this Gift. Otherwise, they start to
mistake false omens for true — proof positive that the Universe
doesn't like to give away all of its secrets.

© Dark Truths (Level Three) — This Gift allows the
Corax to uncover asecret truth or character flaw ofan observed
subject.

System: To utilize Dark Truths, the player spends a Gnosis
point and rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 7). With a
success, the Corax acquires knowledge of one of his target's
deep dark secrets. While this Gift doesn't turn loose the sort of
secrets that are useful in combat, it does pry loose all sorts of
interesting blackmail material.

¢ Dead Talk (Level Three) — The Corax can hold a brief
conversation with a corpse no more than 24 hours dead.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls Percep-
tion + Occult (difficulty 8). The corpse's willingness to talk is
determined by the number of successes, but no matter how
many successes the Corax achieves, all he'll get is the body's
mechanistic response to his questions. Odds are, the corpse's
ghost is long gone.

© Airt Sense (Level Four) — As the spirit Charm (see
Werewolf: The Wild West pg. 205), but Corax using Airt
Sense must spend one Gnosis point and roll Perception +
Occult (difficulty 7) to util The understanding of the ways
of the Umbra granted by this Gift halves travel time through
the spirit world.

¢ Gauntlet Runner (Level Four) — Raven taught his
children a few tricks for getting around in the spirit world as
well as in the physical. The Corax can weaken the Gauntlet in
an area — although this can sometimes be a bad idea, as it can
let certain Umbral critters loose on this side. The Gift is taught
by a Raven-spirit.

SSeS

ZALL

%9%

System: A roll of Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8) reduces the
Gauntlet by one for every two successes. The area affected can
be up to twenty feet ona side, but no matter how successful the
Corax is on her roll, she must still use a reflective surface to
enter the Umbra.

© Thieving Talons (Level Five) — Identical to the Level
Five Ragabash Gift, Thieving Talons was taught to the Garou
by the Corax. Of course, you don't find too many Garou
admitting that these days.

Rites

The Corax have a number of rites, some of which are similar
to those of the Garou (particularly the rite of Talisman Dedi-
cation). Others are unique to the raven folk.

* Rite of the Sun's Bright Ray (Level Two, Mystic) —
This rite will bring light into a dark area, even underground.
The whole area is suddenly lit with a bright golden glow, which
affects vampires as does sunlight. The light remains for one
hour per success on a Gnosis roll (difficulty 7).

¢ Rite of the Fetish Egg (Level Two, Mystic) —This is the
rite used to create new Corax.

© Rite of Memory Theft (Level Four, Punishment) —
This rite allows a group of Corax to plunder the memory of
another Corax, usually one found guilty of dangerous stupidity.
The Corax enacting the rite gain the benefit of the victim's
knowledge, while the victim becomes as ignorant as a fledg-
ling.

Quote:

Glad to see you decided to take my advice and not ride off after
Doherty; word is he had fourteen men waiting for you at the river
crossing. How did I know about that? Let's just say a damn big bird
told me. Oh, and he's sitting at the table in the corner if you want
to buy him a drink.

20 Werewolf: The Wild West


y

S

x

Stereotypes ee

© European Garou: Well, they're certainly intent on digging up all of the land's secrets, What they don't understand 4
is that there are times you don't actually have to uncovér something; lots of times you're better off just knowing what's
buried where.

* Uktena: They'ré greedy for the land's ‘secrets, andgreedier for ours. Still, they mean well, and they always listen *
to what we have to say. Some other folks would do wise to follow their example, mind you...

* Wendigo: Speaking of whom, the Wendigo are real big on acting and notreal big on planning. That's why they're
losing. We'd be happy to share what we-know with ‘em, but they don't see the need to ask. More fool they.

‘© Pumonea: Cats and birds, oh my. Keep a healthy distance and; if you need to talk with a Pumonca, lea
messages instead. Too many predatory instincts wrapped up-in the puma-folk, and they're too close with what they've
learned, Try the lynxes instead.

signs and

© Nuwisha: They share'our jésting soul, but that's as far as it goes. A Nuwisha will trick you to teach you a lesson;
I trick a Nuwisha to find out what he knows. And at the end of the day; we'll telleach other how we tricked one another
and go our separate ways a bit wiser.

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds


Nuwisha:

The Children of
Coyote

Legendry

Wolf wasn't the first to travel to the
stars and into the Middle Lands, oh no.
When the Wall rose between flesh
and spirit, the Garou were trapped
on the side of flesh and dirt, just like'
everyone else.

No, the first one to nose his way
back into the Middle Lands from S
the earth was Coyote. While the
other animals watched, he
burrowed his way under
the Wall, and he left a
hole big enough for oth-
ers to stick their heads
through. Cat sniffed
around the hole, but she
didn't want to get dirty,
so she paced away in disdain. Wolf, though,
stuck his head through and started digging. He
worked at it until he slipped under the Wall,
and then he called forhis children tocomeand
see how it was done. But when they got over te
there, they noticed that Coyote's children
had slipped through first, and they'dalready K
peed on everything to say, "We got here ¥
first." \ y

For as long as we've known them,
Coyote's children have been like that. They
danced between this world and that, stealing
things here and playing pranks there. They never
took things too seriously, which got them into trouble.
You see, the Nuwisha used to be favored by Luna, same
as us; they understood all her faces and drew power
from her blessing. But one time Coyote played a real big
prank on her. Some say he stole her clothes while she
was bathing in the ocean; others say he dressed up like
her sister in order to get into her tent and sleep with her.
Whatever it was, it offended her, and she turned her face away
from him and his children. They began singing to her to reclaim
her favor, but it didn't do any good. Now the only moon they know
the secrets of is the No-Moon — which has just made them worse
tricksters than before.

Thaven't seen a Nuwisha for a long time — some say they've left
this world to play in the Heavens. But you still hear one out there
sometimes, sounding like a coyote but just a little different. They
howl to the moon, singing her praises into the heavens in the hopes

Werewolf: The Wild West

that she will forgive them and smile full on them once more. Maybe
it'llhappen; maybe it won' t. Even if she forgives them, maybe they'll
play another prank to offend her again. Ie would be only typical.

Description
Even the earth itself needs to laugh now and again, and
Gaia's laughter takes the shape of the Nuwisha. They are all
children of the same totem, no matter what his
face — the Trickster. And, as the Nuwisha
laugh, the Trickster's truest, most favorite
face is Coyote.

Since the beginning, the Nuwisha
have played at being the gadfly and
unwanted conscience to the other

Changing Breeds. They feel a sacred

duty to teach the other shapeshifters

the error of their ways. They point out

the others' mistakes and laugh at them;

unfortunately, their targets all too of-

ten succumb to Rage and try to give the
teachers a few lessons of their own!

There are too few Nuwisha left to
form packs, and such things aren't
really to their tastes anyway. Those
who remain prefer the freedom
of solitude to the hierarchy
of the pack. But with
Coyote's bl gs, the Nuwisha
can hide themselves among other
shapeshifters, free from any
fear of detection. In this
way, the werecoyotes
learn the practices and
beliefs of their cous-
ins, and covertly use
their own abilities
against Gaia's en-
emies.
When the
Wendigo, Uktena
and Croatan spread across
; the continent, they took most of
the Nuwisha's caerns as their own.
{" There was no conflict, there was
} y noargument. The Nuwisha sim-
Ze ply stepped aside and left the
" GSE %  caerns to the Garou. Some
Uktena grumble that the coy-
otes had grown tired of maintaining the caerns themselves, and
preferred to let the Garou play at groundskeepers.
When the second War of Rage came, the Silver Fangs
accused the Nuwisha of conspiring with the Wyrm. They
claimed that the coyotes had never taken the battle against the


Wyrm very seriously, an argument the Nuwisha refused to
dignify with an answer. Damning the Nuwisha for their si-
lence, the European Garou went to war. Rather than fight,
however, the Nuwisha sadly bid their Garou friends farewell
and danced away forever into the Storm Umbra. Only a few
remain.

To this day, most of the Nuwisha still spend their days in the
spirit world, searching for new allies or tricks to use in the war
against the Wyrm. When they do return, it's only to breed,
raise cubs or to train the wisest of their two hundred or so
earthbound kin in the ways of the Umbral Danse. As a result
of this secretive teaching, the werecoyo now more about
the Umbra than any of the other a}
once were the ones to teach
sideways, they have long sind
passing on such information;
teach the Garou more than

The only subgroup of;
together for any length
camp of werecoyotes wh

Only the Nuwisha

into the Storm D

cousins.

Traits

The most remarkable thing about the Nuwisha is that they
are one and all without Rage. They can't use Rage to gain extra
actions or instantly shapeshift — but at the same time, they
don't frenzy unless someone uses a frenzy-inducing Gift or
power on them. Asa result, silver is just like any other metal to
them; they can soak damage from klaives, and don't take
damage or lose Gnosis from picking up a dollar at the wrong
time.

Nuwisha rise in Rank much as the Garou do, but although
they see the value of Glory and Wisdom, they don't consider
Honor quite so important. To the werecoyotes, Humor is far
more important. Humor Renown can only be earned by teach-
ing others the error of their ways by showing them, through the
unique Nuwisha perspective, how they have been stumbling

towards the Wyrm. Apart from that, the Nuwisha gain Rank as
do Ragabash.

Nuwisha can purchase any Background save Pure Breed,
and their beginning Willpower is 4. Most follow a personal
totem (Coyote or another of his faces), but don't care for packs
or pack totems.

Breeds

The Nuwisha are randy folks, and have never been all that
discriminating about their partners. In fact, just about the only
person a Nuwisha won't breed with is another Nuwisha— they
see too much of themselves in their fellows, and any fool knows
one werecoyote's hard enough to take. There are no metis
werecoyotes for this reason; even a Nuwisha-Garou coupling

eother, or Kinfolk. (And consider the
wisha cub....) Consequently,
id or latrani, and there's no real
. Homid Nuwisha begin with
as with Garou.

all their forms; their
more savage or

looks just like any
y bit more lean and wiry
. Werecoyotes don't carry much fat on them in any

lear Man): The Tsitsu is much like the Glabro
ewolves, save that it's a bit more human-
ouble their bulk in this form. A Nuwisha
ith ease in Tsitsu, but her voice is likely

an that of her Homid form.
The brutish Manabozho
et tall. The total increase
r 0% of the Homid
bich the Nuwisha ca ak) prevents
owledging the Nuwisha in Manabozho
ak in this form, but the words slur
Brow! of their voices makes even a
pleasant discourse sound threatening. Like their brothers, the
werecoyotes inspire the Delirium in humans but at two levels

less than the Garou on the Delirium Chart.

* Sendeh (Near Coyote): Sendeh could easily be mistaken
forred wolves. anda Nuwisha can hide amongst natural wolves
in this form. The Sendeh's weight is almost identical to that of
the Homid form. This form can no longer use human speech,
but can easily mimic a baby's cry, a woman's scream or a man's
bellow. The Sendeh can speak with both wolves and coyotes.

© Latrani (Coyote): The Latrani is indistinguishable from a
coyote. The shapeshifter's weight decreases and the entire

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds 23


form is much leaner. Even in this form, the Nuwisha find it easy
to speak with the wolves; they are, after all, brothers. Human
speech, on the other hand, is out of the question.

Form Statistics

Tsitsu Manabozho — Sendeh Latrani

Str: +1 Str: +2 Sur: +2 Str: +0

Dex: +1 Dex: +3 Dex: +3 Dex: +3

Star +2 Sta: +3 Sta: +3 Sta: +3

Man: -1 Man: -2 Man: -3 Man: -3
App: 0

Diff. 7 Diff. 6 Diff.7 Diff. 6

Gifts

Nuwisha start with as many Gifts as do Garou; one Breed
Gift, one Ragabash Gift, and one Nuwisha Gift. Since the
werecoyotes are Ragabash in all but name, they can purchase
Ragabash Gifts as if they were New Moon Garou (although the
Gift: Luna's Blessing does them no good, since they naturally
have no vulnerability to silver). Their Breed Gifts are pretty
much similar to the Garou's; latrani Nuwisha can use the rough
equivalent of Lupus Gifts without too much trouble. Storytell-
ers may want to devise alternate Breed Gifts for Nuwisha, but

this is really a matter of preference.

Nuwisha Gifts proper are celebrations of the werecoyotes'
trickster nature. Their pranks aren't always deadly, and most of
their Gifts are either defensive or downright humiliating.
Some of their Gifts are taught only to Storm Dansers; these
tricks are kept secret until times of great need, when they're
wildly flaunted. Only those Nuwisha who've undergone the
Rite of Dansing can learn the Gifts of the Storm Danse.

¢ Rabbit Run (Level One) — As the Silent Strider Gift:
Speed of Thought.

* Shed (Level One) — As the Metis Gift.

¢ Spirit Speech (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

* Otter's Breath (Level Two) — As the Uktena Gift: Flick
of the Fish's Tail.

* Odious Aroma (Level Two) — As the Bone Gnawer
Gift.

© Gift of the Porcupine (Level Two) — As the fourth level
Metis Gift.

* Sheep's Clothing (Level Three) — The Nuwisha can
hide in plain sight by taking any given form of a different type
of shapeshifter (werewolf, Bastet or whatever). Thanks to this
Gift, the Nuwisha don't have to bother with maintaining their
own caerns — they can just use somebody else's. This Gift is
taught by a Trickster-spirit.

System: The player rolls Wits + Primal-Urge and spends a
point of Gnosis; the form lasts for an entire scene. The

Werewolf: The Wild West

difficulty depends on the shift difficulty of the form (7 for
Hispo, for instance), although an unfamiliar animal form
(wolf, crow, panther, etc.) is always difficulty 8. The form
mimicked does not add the particular Trait bonuses, nor does
itallow abilities like flight. If the Nuwisha wishes to fly in raven
form, he must have another Gift that allows this (such as Sky
Running). Sheep's Clothing affects all senses and powers,
including Scent of the True Form.

© Blisters (Level Three) — By merely touching a target,
the werecoyote can cause revolting blisters to erupt from the
unfortunate's hide. Although the effects are basically harmless,
the blisters do cause fur to fall out and make the target ugly as
sin for a while. The Nuwisha tend to use this trick exclusively
against the overly vain. This Gift is taught by a Toad-spirit.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Medicine against
adifficulty equal to the target's Rage (or 4 for creatures without
Rage); the difficulty cannot be lower than 3. If the coyote is
successful, the resulting boils subtract one dot of the target's
Appearance per every two successes on the roll, but do no
actual harm. The blisters last for two weeks, less the target's
Gnosis in days. The inflicted party su
any Social Dice Pools during the time he is Blistered.

* Trickster's Skin (Level Four) — The Nuwisha can
effectively "swap skins" with her target; she takes on the
likeness of her target, while her target assumes the Nuwisha's
appearance. Nuwisha use this Gift primarily to flee packs
which lack a good sense of humor. Such a pack invariably finds
itself hounding its own packmate in the interest of catching
"that damn coyote", while the errant "packmate" finds an
excuse to slip away before her trick is revealed. This Gift is
taught by a Coyot

alossof two dice from

spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Wits +
Subterfuge (difficulty of the target's Primal Urge + 3). This Gift
may be used at a distance. The effects of this Gift last for one
scene.

* Teasing Mate (Level Five) — The target affected by this
Gift starts smelling pretty fine; all creatures of the target's race
and gender who catch this scent start craving immediate
copulation with the target. The Nuwisha absolutely love the
humor value of this trick, especially in small, conservative
towns. This Gift is taught by a Coyote-spirit.

System: The Nuwisha must successfully touch her target
(requiring an attack roll in combat) and the player must roll
Wits + Empathy, difficulty 6. The effects are instantaneous,
and cause all creatures of the same race and gender to respond
immediately, unless they succeed on a Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 9). The effects last for the remainder of the scene.

* Ghost Danse (Level Five, Storm Danse) — This stage of
the Storm Danse permits the Nuwisha to fight in the material
world and the Penumbra simultaneously. The Nuwisha can
attack and then completely avoid damage. This Gift is taught
by an avatar of the Trickster.


System: The Ghost Danse requires the continued expendi-
ture of one Gnosis point per turn while engaged in combat,
during which the Nuwisha cannot be harmed by any attacks
short of this Gift or the Gift: Sideways Attack.

Rites

The Nuwisha use rites just as all the other shapeshifters do;
in fact, the coyotes have borrowed many rites from other
Changing Breeds rather than design their own. They're kind of
lazy that way.

The Nuwisha use variants of most of the rites in the
Werewolf: The Wild West rulebook, although they don't care
much for Frontier Rites, and the only Accord Rite they use
regularly is the Rite of Cleansing. They've mastered many
Punishment Rites, and have developed several of their own
(which usually involve shaming the subject until he's ready to
die from embarrassment). They alsodon'tuse the Rite of Caern
Building much; why bother?

Werecoyotes also use Dream Rites, rites that allow them to
visionquest for information that will prove useful later. Many
use Dream Rites to instruct their cubs; however, others use
similar rites to communicate with the Nuwisha who have left
the physical world. A couple of exclusively Nuwisha rites
follow.

Rite of Dansing (Mystic)

Level Two

This rite is the first step on the path of the Storm Danser. It
requires the Nuwisha to devour peyote and fast for three full
days. During this time, the Nuwisha must recite all his past
experiences battling the Wyrm, traveling the Umbra, and
teaching the other creatures of Gaia the error of their ways.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point per day, and at
the end of this rite mustroll Enigmas + Manipulation, difficulty
7. Success indicates the Nuwisha has been accepted by the
Trickster, and is now considered a Storm Danser.

Rite of Caern Concealment (Caern)

Level Four

This rite requires a meeting of at least ten Nuwisha, and will
hide the power of a caern from detection by any but the
Nuwisha themselves. The Nuwisha have not used this rite in
several decades, but the wisest still are taught it by the elders.

System: This rite requires an total expenditure of 30 Gnosis
points be spent, and the ritemaster must score 15 net suce
on three Wits + Rituals rolls.

Quote:

Yah! Yah! Plod-foot mockeries, you couldn't catch a wingless
duck, smuch less me! Hey, watch out! Who put that bear trap there?
Oh, yes — you did! Oh, that will probably sting for a few days!

. Stereotypes :

¢ European Garou: Who are these ridiculous
blind buffalo that come stampeding over thé land,
huffing smoke and puffing fire? My svorst com-
plaint about these neweomers is that you have to
pull their tails so hard before they listen to you!

© Uktena: The thing that's so funny with you,
cousin, is that you keep telling us we're too clever
for our own good. You're like a bear laughing at a
turtle's short tail.

© Wendigo: Wah! Touchy! Cousin, you have
every right to be angry, but too much of thatis bad
for the belly and makes you sleep poorly. Let me
loan you my pipe to relax you. « *

¢ Pumonca: Well, sister,,1 anderstand that
you're hurting. But frankly
you'd rather-let your wounds rot than lick-them.
Wake up!

© Corax: Hey, brother trickster, why not come
and dance with us in the Middle Lands? You'd be
pretty good att if.it weren't for those silly crow
feet! f

, you're so proud that

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds


The Children of Cougar
Legendary

As the Old World wolves know, Mother Cat is a jealous beast.
Luna bestowed her blessings on Wolf, Bear, Coyote, even Raven,
but had left Cat unchanged. Unsatisfied with her own
gifts of beauty, grace and cleverness, Cathidin the
bushes while Luna bathed ina pond. Leap-
ing from ambush, she stole Luna's
mantle of light and the world
plunged into blackness. Cat,
who could see in the dark,
was unmoved, but the
rest of the creatures
cried out in terror.
Luna searched for
Catacross the world;
finally, she tracked
the thief down by the
light of her mantle
Mother Cat returned
the light, but on one
condition: her chil-
dren would join
the Changing
Breeds.

Luna re-
lented, butlefe
Cat with a
curse: Her kind,
the Bastet, were
forbidden to cross
into the spirit
world. As the wall

between the flesh and the
Umbra rose, Cat's kit- *
tens were left mewing on ‘: a,

the other side. In their ie .
D
/
a as

own jealousy, they de-

clared war on their rightful N,
RANG )
OY' PY)

A)

betters, the wolves. Or per-
haps the wolves declared war on
them. No matter; the War of Rage
took its toll on the catfolk. Strong as they
were, they dwindled to a handful. To this day, they
bear their Mother's jealousy and Luna's curse.

The Wendigo and Uktena know a different tale. They say: The
catfolk were born from a curious woman who had sex with every-
thing she met, just to see what it was like. The cats were strong and

Werewolf: The Wild West

supple lovers, and she liked them best of all. Her children looked like
their fathers, and the most beautiful of them were those sired by cats.
They shared their mother's curiosity, but also her foolishness. They
did not know when to play and when to be serious, and when the wall
blocked the spirit world off from the place of skins, they could not pass
it. Restless like their mother, the cats wandered to the ends of the
world, and some of them still wander now. These last, called
Pumonca, are the most common Bastet in the west.
In either case, werecats are everywhere. Far north, the strange
Qualmi lynxes riddle out their magic wisdom. Far
south, the angry jaguar Balam stalk the
Mexican night. Across the seas, tiger-
folk, talking panthers and the odd
Wyrm-cats of Egypt cross paths with the
Garou. But in the homelands of the open
West, the Pumonca are supreme. These
strong, solid cats ride Thunderbird's
breath. Like him, they have become
guardians of purity, fierce warriors
against the Wyrm and his tribe. If
that tribe happens to include
Garou, so much the better.
Catfolk don't much like the
wolves, and the feeling is mutual.
To the Garou, Bastet walk on the
left side of Gaia and the right hand
of the Wyrm. They're not as cor-
rupt as fomori, but they all bear
watching.
Just as the cats watch every other
living thing.

Description
There are eyes in the western night.
Sometimes those eyes belong to
Bastet, often Pumonca who watch
the land for corruption and the
people for betrayal. Although they
; become more moderate in later
Mi days, these so-called Storm Walkers
aggressively hunt white folk across the
Savage West. Many of these silent killers
perish themselves before a Choctaw sha-
man called Old Stone Face successfully
unites the tribe in the late 1880s. Until
then, the werecougars fight theirown.

War of Rage.

Gn The Storm Walkers have

proud creation tales: Some say

their mother chose lovers
from among the animals because no man could match her
hunger; others tell of the depredations of the wolves, and claim
catkind was formed to protect the human tribes. Their favorite


origin story, however, speaks of Thunderbird, who swept
together the dust of the mountains, swamps and prairies and
mingled it with the bones of men and cougars. He then charged
the new Bastet to guard the land to which they still belonged.
Asa tule, they take that pledge seriously. A Pumonca would
sooner die than see the land despoiled.

Unlike Garou, werecats don't keep caerns; instead, some
elders set up Den-Realms (see below) where they literally
become one with the land. Pumonca rarely settle down this
way, though; instead, they wander restlessly, making s}
friendships (and many enemies) before heading into th
rise. They dislike magic asa rule. Until Old Stone Face'g
wish, most Pumonca avoid using their Gifts, relying o
cal power and endurance instead.

That self-reliance makes for a strong, Beene br
Storm Walker dresses simply and carrie

her back or wanders the hills in

means little to the Pumoncag4

shrug and shuns dwellings in
Technology is anathema to hi
choice, but knives, hatchets|
weapons. Animals fear the $
human form, no werecougar rid
ways of ambush, and hunt clevé
well and know plenty of stories,
lore, the cats speak in a ritual rid
thingisgivenafable-name andifthe li
that's his problem.

The average Storm Walker works wel
cares deeply for the sa
suspicious, but she
enemies learn tof
wisdom. It's

a fearsome, bri
The Pumond

Mother). To that end, they gather stories, rumors and se
and trade them when they meet. Bastet Gifts come thr
secrets, and some tribes gleefully steal Garou Gifts to mal
their own. The Pumonca prefer to live by their own strength,
but aren't adverse to learning everything they can — especially
if that knowledge will help them destroy the works of white
folks.

In the time of the Savage West, Storm Walkers mate almost
exclusively with Native Americans. To them, the invaders
from the east are a curse, careless at best, more often corrupt.
As the devastation spreads, the Pumonca become more aggres-
sive. By the 1860s, the tribe faces extinction. It takes the vision
of Old Stone Face to unite the tribe, and in so doing, to save it.

has spoiled many,

a

The war against the native people is a war the Pumonca return
in kind. While some of them stand beside the Wendigo and
Uktena, most Pumonca fight, walk and often die alone.

Organization
As one would expect, Pumonca have little formal organiza-
tionasatribe. They meet every nowand then in wild ceremonies
called taghairms, but they rarely gather into packs. The recent
war has bent that rulea bit: the Storm Walkers occasionally get
to beat some bigger threat. On the whole, the folk
deh other's company. A young Bastet will often be
ind taught the ropes, but her fosterage ends after one
€ most part, cats trust no one, not even each other.
often, a werecat settles down. When he finds a
king, he sprays the whole area, dedicates it to
galm —aspirit-home attuned him
a Bastet has special powers:
great distances quickly,
¢ Umbra. The Storm
the land. The tempest
g some elder Pumonca

homeless and ve
to be sacred gro
without permissi

Traits
On the wholegw
cousins. Though'
quiet control (si
holds the same
Pumonca sense

nters a Bastet's territory

e balanced than their savage
mca measure their fury with
starting Willpower 4), silver
recougars as it does for Garou.
vel few werewolves can compre-
sall of her character's Perception

ate knack for

s," below).

epts of Wis-

6 eir concept of
exible. Unlike the pack- driven werewolves, the
unt for their actions to the spirits. Society means little

A werecat can purchase any Background except Past Life
and Totem. The Storm Walkers share a close relationship with
Thunderbird, an association of kinship and respect, but not as
intense as that experienced by Garou with their Pack Totems.
Unlike Garou, Bastet have no auspices; the moon shows them
certain favors (called Pryios), but these are more personality
quirks than character Traits. (See the Bastet sourcebook for
more details about status, Traits and Gifts.)

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds a7


Breeds

Werecats go into season only once a year. The rest of the
time, they often sleep with whomever they fancy, including
other Bastet. During the fertile season, a female Pumonca looks
for strong, healthy mates with a sense of adventure and inde-
pendence. Males stay fertile all year ‘round, but choose their
lovers for the same qualities. As explained above, most homid
Pumonca are Native Americans, with a stronger emphasis on
eastern tribes — Cherokee, Mohawk, Seminole, etc. — than
on plains nations. Old Stone Face is one of the first to break a
taboo against mating with whites; some mountain cats and
swamp panthers accepted European lovers in the old days, but
since the States' War, most Storm Walkers feel the white man
isunworthy of Thunderbird's Legacy. Homid Bastet begin with
Gnosis 2.

Bastet tend to judge other cats on an individual basis. Since
females avoid their own kind when they're fertile, metis
werecats are pretty rare. Even so, they're not accorded the same
hostility their Garou counterparts receive. Metis deformities
are considered primal marks — signs of supernatural favor that
often manifest as odd elemental Gifts. Metis start with Gnosis
4.

Full-blooded feline Pumonca are fairly common in the early
1800s, but hunting, war and human expansion thin the breed
so badly that Old Stone Face's actions actually save the tribe.
Feline Bastet begin play with Gnosis 6.

Forms

Like the Garou, Bastet shift between five forms:

© Homid: Even in their human guise, most werecats show
their feline heritage. As a rule, they're lean, graceful and
especially attractive. In dim light, their eyes betray a faint
shine.

* Sokto (Near Man): The lean Sokto form resembles an
oversized human with huge eyes, pointed ears and hidden
claws. Though oddly disturbing, a Bastet in this stage of
transformation is compelling, otherworldly. A Pumonca's hair
lightens from the usual black to a dusky sand color and his eyes
reflect an eerie blue or green.

© Crinos (Half-Cat): Solid and strong, the massive Crinos
aspect melds the muscular grace of the cat with the frame and
dexterity of a man. Although he can hold weapons, wear
clothing and even speak ina harsh, rumbling tone, the Pumonca
paces like acat, twitches a tail and feels his way in the dark with
slender whiskers. The Bastet Crinos form evokes a similar
sense of Delirium to a Garou's Crinos form, though it's more
eerie than terrifying (it affects a human viewer at one level less
on the Delirium Chart than usual). Weird as he is, the Crinos
fails to provoke the same astonishment as the....

© Chatro (War Cat): A Bastet's most terrifying form, the
Chatro recalls the saber-toothed cats that, as of the 1800s, were
all but forgotten. The Chatro form yanks the primordial fear of
the cave lion out of the shadows and throws it into the face of

@4

a screaming modern man. Not surprisingly, most folks experi-
ence the full effects of Delirium when this saber-toothed
monstrosity appears. A Chatro Pumonca stands larger than a
lion; his stabbing teeth jut nearly a foot below his jaw, giving
the Bastet an extra damage die when he bites. Hisshoulders rise
into a solid hump and his tail lengthens into a thick rope.
Although unable to speak, the werecougar can communicate
with other Bastet through coughs, snarls and purrs.

© Feline (Cat): Stretching out into a fluid feline form, the
Pumonca still retains more mass than a normal cougar would
have. These hardy cats tend toward sandy brown fur with white
markings, but on rare occasion feature deep black coats. Al-
though he can speak with others of his kind, human speech is
beyond the cat. Some Pumonca prefer this form for that reason.

Pumonca Form Statistics

Sokto Crinos Chatro Feline
Str: +1 Str: +3 Str: +3 Sur; +2
Dex: +2 Dex: +3 Dex: +3 Dex: +3
Staz+2 Sta: +4 Sta: +3 Sta: +3
Man: -1 Man: -3 Man: -3

App: 0 App: 0
Diff. 7 Diff. 6 Diff. 7 Diff. 6

Gifts

Like Garou, Bastet characters begin with three Gifts; unlike
the wolves, the cats have no auspices and so receive no gifts
from Luna. Because of that, many Bastet must "steal" Gifts
from other Changing Breeds, or learn them from allies among
Gaia's folk. Werecat Gifts range from stealth and perception
aids to storm spells and warcraft. Each tribe has its "special
secrets," but social roles are unimportant when learning Gifts.
Ifa Bastet wants a certain power, she must go outand learn that
secret for herself.

Until the 1870s, when Old Stone Face makes treaties with
the spirits, most Pumonca avoid using their magical powers.
The Gifts they do use focus on elemental forces and the Storm
Walkers' ties to the land, and often resemble the secrets of the
Wendigo. In general, catfolk have a wealth of Gifts at their
disposal. Chapter Four of the Bastet sourcebook offers a couple
hundred Gifts in addition to the ones below:

* Stone Belly (Level One): As the Wendigo Gift: Buffalo
Hide.

* Sense Corruption (Level One): As the Metis Gift: Sense
Wyrm.

* Coyote's Tongue (Level Two): The Trickster has a way
with words. No matter how outrageous his claims might be,
people tend to believe them. With this Gift, a cougar can
borrow this glib talent. Anything he says while the magic's in
motion will sound convincing to anyone who hears. It's ex-

Werewolf: The Wild West

AY


ceedingly dishonorable to use this Gift on fellow Native
Americans. The white men, however, are such liars that
Coyote's Tongue is simple justice.

System: The player rolls the Bastet's Wits + Manipulation
against difficulty 6. For the rest of the scene, everything the cat
says will sound like Gospel Truth. A suspicious listener might
be able to shake the Gift's effects (Willpower roll, difficulty 8)
if the Pumonca's statements are too outrageous to believe;
otherwise, his words seem completely convincing.

* Sky Father's Anger (Level Three): By chanting at the
open skies, a Pumonca can call down a thunderbolt. With luck,
he may hita place, a vehicle or even a single person. This trick
comes from the Stormcrows, who carry its wisdom from
Thunderbird himself.

System: The player spendsa Gnosis point and rolls the cat's
Rage rating to call the lightning. The Gift's difficulty depends
on the target: A building would be difficulty 6; a moving object
(atrain, acoach, a horse and rider), 7; a standing man, 8; aman
in motion, 9. If the roll falls short by one or two places, the
thunderbolt strikes the ground nearby. If it fails badly, nothing
happens. If the werecat botches the roll, the Sky Father is
annoyed and the lightning strikes the cat instead. The bolt
inflicts two Health Levels of aggravated damage for each point
of the cat's current Rage pool.

© Walk Unseen (Level Three): As the Uktena Gift.

* Clawstorm (Level Four): Backed into a corner, the
cougar becomes a demon of flying claws and ripping teeth. An
exhausting but effective last-ditch tactic, especially for lone
Storm Walkers.

System: By spending one point each of Rage and Gnosis,
the werecat gains three extra attacks that turn (toa maximum
of four, total). The Bastet may not gain more attacks by
spending additional Rage in that turn. Only slashing attacks
apply — he can't perform elaborate maneuvers, shoot guns or
travel more than 10', although he could use edged melee
weapons. Clawstorm
combat; the upper limit is the character's Stamina rating in
Homid.

© Great Peace (Level Four): Often, war is not the answer
toa problem. Fighting may feed the enemy even if the battle is
just, and sometimes old foes must put aside their weapons, sit
down and talk. This Gift may end a fight, brushing aside angry
passions and replacing them with a soothing calm. The Great
Peace cannot force people to stop hating, but it will make them
stop fighting, if only for a few moments. Old Stone Face uses
thissecret to unite the Pumonca, and later to effect a truce with
the Garou.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy and spends
one Gnosis point for every five combatants (not counting the
werecat) in the area. The difficulty depends on the nature of
the fight: a mere argument is difficulty 5; a brawl, 6; a skirmish,
7; a battle, 8; a duel or grudge match, 9; a genocidal bloodbath,
10. If the roll succeeds, all combatants step away from each

an be used several times in a single

Chapter Two: The Changing Breeds

other and lower their weapons. A warrior who wants to resist
the Gift must roll his Willpower (or Rage, ifhe has any) against
difficulty 8. Otherwise, everyone within 10 yards per success
stays his hand and listens to what the Pumonca has to say. From
there, it's up to the peacemaker to talk sense to them. The Gift
lasts one minute per success; after that, the fight begins again
unless the cougar has convinced the others to stop for good.

Bringer of Winds (Level Five): As the Level Four Red
Talons Gift; however, the Pumonca summons a storm strong
enough to do actual damage. The Gift's targets must soak five
dice of damage from wind-blown debris, as well as an extra die
for every success on the Pumonca's Manipulation + Survival
roll. Additionally, if the targets fail a Strength + Survival roll
(difficulty 8), they are swept away by the winds, to land later in
aplace of the Storyteller's choosing (or whim) up to four miles
distant.

Quote:
The wind does not need words to speak with power.

an

} Stereotypes

¢ European Garou: You talk of Wyrms, butdo not
realize they grow inside youall. Battle those and we will
speak of peace: Until then, you are a stain upon my
lands. [will drive you out or die trying.
© Uktena: I'do not trustyour secretive ways, snake-
cousin. You speak in tod many voices to tell the truth
| in any of them.
© Wendigo: You aré right to rage, my brothers. Let
{us put our past troubles behind us before all our people
} become like dust. ‘
© Nuwisha: The time for tricks is over. Perhaps
someday I will Jaugh with you again, but my heart is too
full for your nonsense today; * :
} / © Corax: Fat yourselves on theskin of the newcom-
ersand on the lies they carry undertheir blankets. Hop
carefully, my friends, and guard your feathers well.

ES a



The Savage West is a dangerous place, even for Garou. The
plains hide uncounted horrors, from vampires cursed to walk
the earth after death to powerful wizards possessing new and
wondrous technologies. Be careful out there — the plains are
so vast there may be no one to hear you howl.

"S|

7T

Chapter Three: Antagonists a1


"Ud ay 02 490g SuoWAp asoy fo 2UO UY? a10WL
quas aavy sSuvf ino ‘iauurp Kopung sof waw-asdioo puaunuoras
pny 1,upynom | ayn pun "yamb ayn sv Kpsva sv poap aya pasys
up9 smpp uno ing ‘ySno1 24,Kayp ‘ym "we, yum OUR e OUR
03 Kyomon nok uaym pu "iouvYyM puD sua pup srupfur wos
pars puuo' a4, Kaya poorg ayp jp mnogn Suny puv Suuodisrus a4 Coy
aprym ‘saxzvmpun wa, UO aUOD UND am UaY? pup ‘doys s.ouUM
D wouf yuns ay ayy] ssaupay2im ary mo ffrus uvD am asnvo, ‘sn fo
prsfo a4,Cayy ‘aag "saynau ayqissoduit 7,um 914g" Kspa 1, ur I]

imoyou aq pysuu
2,Upnoys yorym awyp qpry NOK op mop] "ffs Kpvaay aa Coya ‘724 —
suCquin  "eae]d apay v wana 10 urd ysnoua &q pay aq uv am ang
‘11? pup ysnoi a4,a/y\ "YS YSU NOK ‘VY? Op am Op Moy ‘mony

epuAy mous pue sr1e}su0H

"wouf aw Kayr

a4aym yong Wa, puas on Knp Ano S31 UoyDA4 | PUly "KoC] TuaWpN
jaun yung ayn Sunuvo. ‘aH wosf dn yong a4 Soy 4o3BY | ‘ya

"aut aw 3190q Bunions saovUinf

S,yommigg PIC fo sqoo ayn aas 1,uprp | fi paurunp aq }],| pun ‘aAdurea

v fo saka Sununays "pos ay) orut yO] 01 uoIsv990 poy | aavloyw oy)

us ayBtu auo ‘day °aa0.8 s,pmo poo8 fo mo uvaq> wa, 2401 21 '124802

snui dn ans 01 kpog v asnvo on pauaddoy Sunp prayoruun saaarym

asnng), "28 ‘sn On Un} Wa, ayDUL 1,UOp IY IN ‘YDak ‘sxmsUOUL
au, Cay. *S .aypuapun arp woss 1y3mus ouorssav04d auorsquion v 2»
sounuopod poop sion fo saqppos aya wi Sums ‘apod pun poo yy "puausf
Kut ‘asaya mo wa, fo ssau ajoym v s asaya ‘asv> Cup uy "1y8noy)

am upy) aay mo asiom aup sSunp 10 "wy sayy "punpiug ut
Anis 01 1U91U09 1, ua.aM sgnamDYyM 10 KaULD A PLOT] UOYIAL | "T12/A\

pjnoeig ‘uaayny

pio] ‘wAdwea yp Aowea — puypiuq wouf smfpvaip Cuuad

asoy? Ut ayN) "YD2X "Pood J2ams ‘ULM 4of JaBuny Dv Yynm SunuNg

Jp ‘2avi3 ay wosf dn asu oym sasdioo — wa, y]v9 Kays ‘siddure A,

"ymaam 1104 P 01 YSry-2aUy a4am sxapunm wiaH9 ayn ous adoung
Lapuok 1900 wa, Suypjan w2aq an, Cay — sauors ayn pavay a0,nox

uwip yom pur

[HH 200g wouf dn Kom xy dtp poap ayp ‘ysn.ig ayi sano jmoy spun

Ju pun Sys ay wi yBry sapu uoow ayn uaym ‘saunawog -puanyf Kut
‘saoyf 1Ds pun so8408 ayp jmozd wyM siisuOW CJUO 2y)7,U240 2/%\

somdurea — peog
Sure M Ou.

S77


Even better, though, ‘specially if there's a whole nest of ‘em, is
to trick ‘em into stepping outside while it's daytime. You see,
vampyrs bear a curse from God and Gaia, and sunlight's pizen to
‘em. Throw a Leech in the light, and it'll sizzle like bacon ina skillet.
I've also heard that big fires — like a brushfire, or the bang from that
dynamite ol' J.P. Morgan sends out here to blast the railroads on
through — do the deed.

The tricky part, though, is gettin' close to ‘em. See, vampyrs are
tricksy critters, full of spleen and treachery. They can stare you
down with those devil-eyes and suck the spine right out of you, like
acarny mesmerist, so you turn yellow or even become their slave.
They also like to insing — insanu— kinda dig their way intoatown,
and tum all the locals into their slaves, so that one night everything's
normal, and the next, the whole town's beingrun by the vampyrand
his cronies. Except that nothing' s different on the surface, and soyou
come into town andeverything seems normal, till the grocer knackers
your horse and the schoolmarm tries to brain you with a tomahawk
and the deputy takes potshots at you from behind the hitching post
and the hangman' s just standing up on the gallows with a big noose,
just waiting for you while the townsfolk mutter and kinda lurch out
of their homes like people who've had too much absinthe, coming
toward you like a lynch mob, and somewhere down in the dark that
old devil vampyr's just a-laughing and a-cackling at its cleverness.

Young Vampire

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Subterfuge 3, Firearms 2, Melee 1, Ride 1, Stealth 1, Linguistics 1
Gifts: Any of a variety of Galliard and Homid Gifts, Levels
One and Two. Vampires tend to specialize in Gifts involving
mind control and sensory augmentation.

Blood Pool: 10
Gnosis 1, Willpower 5

Tough Vampire

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Ride 3, Stealth 3, Linguistics
2, Occult 2

Gifts: Homid, Galliard, Philodox and Silver Fang Gifts, Levels
One through Three.

Blood Pool: 15

Rage 1, Gnosis 2, Willpower 7

Elder Vampire

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 5,
Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Empathy 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Leadership 4, Melee 5, Stealth
5, Survival 3, Linguistics 5, Occult 4, Politics 4

Gifts: Any Homid, Theurge, Philodox, Galliard, Black Fury or
Silver Fang Gift.

Blood Pool: 20

Rage 2, Gnosis 3, Willpower 9 (can substitute Willpower for
Gnosis when defending against Garou Gifts)

The Blood Pool statistic refers to the amount of blood a
vampire can store in its body. Vampires may use this blood to
heal wounds (one Health Level per point spent) or increase
Physical Attributes (one point increases one Physical At
tribute by one). Blood Pool may only be refreshed by feeding on
mortals (and Garou); a mortal has 10 Blood Points in her body
and will likely die if more than five are taken from her.
Werewolves have more potent blood, though. A skinchanger's
blood is such powerful stuff that a vampire can draw the
equivalent of 25 Blood Points from a Garou before the hapless
wolf is drained dry. Garou blood can have a few adverse effects
ona vampire, mind; vampires who drink that brew full of Rage
and bestiality are likely to slip into frenzy for hours on end, even
if they normally can hold their drink.

Vampires take aggravated damage from fire, and sunlight
inflicts one automatic Health Level of aggravated damage per
turn the vampire is exposed to it. Most vampires can be
detected through use of the Gift: Sense Wyrm.

Vampires divide themselves into a number of different
clans, described below. Clans provide additional powers and
Gifts to vampires who are part of them.

The Clans

Now, I reckon we've seen enough vulture-fodder to where we
don't think so much about one more Cadaver, eh? I mean, a body's
a body's a body, right?

Well....in the case of vampyrs, that ain't so cut and dried.

What I hear tell, there's a whole mess of Leeches out there in the
dark. And not all of ‘em are alike. Just as we divvy ourselves into
tribes, so the vampyrs divvy themselves into things called clans. Each
clan gets different powers from the Wyrm, but all are powerful
mean. Sit back, son, I'll tell you what I mean.

The Dark Riders

The Dark Riders are the heralds of some vampyt lodge called the
Black Sabbat. They come from out of the south, from Mexico; the
Mexicans, who're right afeared of ‘em, call them LaSombra— "the
Shadow." They ride the ranges on moonless nights, lashing their
hellhorses faster and faster, till it seems like they're gonna ride clean
into the sky. They travel from town to town, and delight in taking
over a community and turning the people to their will — and some
of the things I hear tell the Black Sabbat do to those who resist ‘em,
well, they'll turn your stomach faster than Cookie's hardtack an'
beans.

Chapter Three: Antagonists 39


Yep, the Dark Riders are bad ‘uns, no two ways about it. They
dress all in black, and cover their faces with pulled-down black hats
and black scarves and such. Some of ‘em know about our troubles
with silver, and these are the worst, ‘cause they'll carry a pair of
revolvers loaded with silver bullets. Of all the vampyrs out there, I
do believe these are the worst.

(Lasombra vampire: Most Lasombra have superhuman
strength; raise the effective Strength score to 5 or even higher.
Use Ahroun, Silver Fang and Shadow Lord Gifts to round
them out.)

The Wormies

The thing that's so dangerous about a lot of vampyrs is that you
can't tell ‘em apart from the people they used to be. They can walk
right into a town and, so longas it's night, no one can tell that there's
a monster in their midst

That ain't so with the Wormies. They're monsters straight from
the Devil's own.

Wormies, yousee, are powerful ugly. I mean butt-ugly. Some of
‘em look like they done kept on decaying after they came out of the
ground. Others have skin like a cactus, or a kisser like a gila
monster's, or aface like what comes outta you after you eat Cookie's
hardtack an' beans. Yeah, that bad. They can't walk into town like
the other Leeches, but they're mean and spiteful and like nothing
better than to find pretty young misses and drink their blood.

The other dangerous thing about the Wormies is that

they're sneaky. You see, they're so horrid that
the Devil

taught ‘ema few tricks, ways to disappear and sneak around unseen.

Sometimes you never know a Wormie's there until its claws appear

out of thin air to wrap around your windpipe. Watch out for ‘em
(Nosferatu vampire: Use Ragabash, metis and lupus Gifts.

Strength is usually 5 or higher. All Nosferatu are hideously

ugly, with Appearance scores of zero. Some impossibly gross
Nosferatu may even induce a Delirium-like condition in mor-
tals.)

(Samedi vampire: Use Ragabash Gifts, and add Black Spiral
Gifts and fomori powers. Like the Nosferatu, Samedi have
Appearance scores of zero.)

The Bruja

"Bruja" is Mex — er, Spanish for "witch," so I'm told. Seems
a fitting enough name for these vampyrs — they're always moving
faster than the wind and disappearing in the blink of an eye. Travel
in packs, like witches. Screech like witches, too — these ones got
right terrible tempers, and they're always a-howling and a-cater-
wauling like the damned souls they are. I swear, a Bruja in a fit's
enough to raise your hackles, it is.

They like to go into a town and bespell all the folks in it — have
"em talking all sorts of crazy business about oustin' the sheriffs and
tar-and-feathering the marshals and what have you. The scary thing
is, sometimes people' ll be right taken — even to the point of willingly

giving blood to the Bruja. "He's our friend," they'll say.

"He's going to turn this town into a paradise,
just like the city where he came from."
Well, that's easy enough to fix.
Just call out the Bruja and
start laughing at him,
poking fun at him.
Sure enough,

that'll bring out


his true colors. The problem then is you gotta take the roaring
monster down — and of all the vampyrs, Bruja are probably the
most dangerous in a straight-up fight. Strong as bison in heat, and
near as fast as we are. You take down a Bruja, son, I'll give you these
silver spurs right here.

(Brujah vampire: Brujah frenzy easily, and effectively have
Rage scores ranging from 1 to 5; they must spend Blood to
activate the Rage, though. Like the Lasombra, they have
superhuman strength. Otherwise, use persuasive Gifts of vari-
‘ous sorts.)

The Dark Prowler

Sometimes, I hear tell, you'll be all alone in the middle of
nowhere, running mad and lonesome under the stars, and the
mating time' Il be upon you. And then, out of nowhere, you'll see this
lean gray she-wolf, and she'll trot over your way, and circle you like
she's sizing you up at a cotillion, and her ears'll prick up and she'll
kinda display her haunches, the way she-wolves do when the heat's
on ‘em. And something in the back of your skull'll be screaming at
you like a bugle, telling you it smells something foul in the air, like
the stink of a morgue or a taxidermist or something. But you won't
listen, ‘cause the rut drives every bit of sense out of your head, and
that she-wolf ll grip you with paws suddenly turned to hands, and
she'll drink you dry under the stars and leave your shriveled carcass
for the buzzards.

Whether she's a dead wolf that rose up and put on the shape of
awoman, or a dead woman that rose up and put on the shape of a
wolf, I don't know. It doesn't matter. Listen to that voice of
warning, and mind your duty against the Wyrm, or Dark Prowler' ll
get you the way she's gotten so many others.

(Gangrel vampire: Gangrel can effectively change into
Lupus form. Use metis and lupus Gifts, and reduce difficulties
of all Soak rolls to 5. Also, Gangrel in Homid form can make
aggravated claw attacks as though they were Crinos.)

Have a Lick o' Sense

Now, sometimes, I hear tell, you'll have one of these dead things
cornered like arattler in its den, andallits wiles have come to naught.
And then it'll look up at you with eyes that may once have belonged
to a young schoolmarm or even a child, and it'll talk to you. "Oh,
please, spare me," it'll beg. "I don't understand what's happened to
me. I didn't want to become like this. Please — I'm not a monster.
I'm not evil. I can't help what I've become." And it'll start sobbing
and weeping bloody tears, and you'll think about what it said, and
you'll think about the thing that sometimes rises up in your own soul
and what it makes you do, and your paw'll freeze up like molasses
in Nebraska.

Don't do it. No matter how frail or beautiful or innocent-looking
that body in front of youis, the person that used to be in it ain't there
no more. Vampyrs are spawn of Satan and critters of the Wyrm,
one andall. The best thing you can do for itis to kill it quick and true,
and the best thing we can do for Gaiais to send all the vampyrs back
down to Hell, as surely, swiftly and finally as we can.

Sorcerers and
Medicine Folk

In the roiling frontier of the Savage West, magic is a fact of
life. The natives aren't the only folks who believe in it, either
— the Victorian disdain for miracles hasn't quite reached out
into the lands of the Storm Umbra. The miracle workers some
call mages bend reality around their fingers through arts both
ancient and bizarre. With the spirit world in chaos, mortal
magics, and the folks who use them, are more common than
you'd think....

As far as Garou are concerned, mages fall into one of three
groups, depending on intent: witches, mad scientists and
medicine folk. All mages, to the Garou, are Namers of the first
rank. The power of a Name, of wild concepts given form, lies
at the heart of magick. The Name sets the idea into reality, and
that reality follows the will of the Namer. That which they will
can become that which is. All too often, what they will is not
what Garou consider good. In short, Garou don't like the
magick folk; while some alliances stand, those pacts are as
shaky as treaties with the Great White Father.

Witches

The sorcerers who remake the world according to their own
dark visions are called witches, brujo, curanderos, wizards,
priests and sorcerers. They might claim to speak for a larger
God, like the missionary reverends, but they can't tolerate
anything keeping them from fulfilling their own desires. They
may not stink of the Wyrm themselves, but everything they do
is suspect.

Most witches come from across the sea. Some European
Garou remember many centuries of conflict between them.
The odd sorcerer comes from the Orient instead, and reworks
Gaia with strong hands or an able mind. The worst witches
wear the skins of native shamans, or travel with the black-clad
white men who seem to be found as often as not in various
Masonic-type lodges, including the Enlightened Society of the
Weeping Moon. These folks are as Wyrm-ridden as they are
powerful. While some witches appear friendly, most of them
are thieves, waiting to plunder the caerns for the precious
spiritual energy they contain. No Garou worth the name will
stand by and let them have it.

Witches practice frightening Arts, shattering boulders or
calling down plagues through blood rites, chantsongs and
brain-twisting diagrams. Some of them sacrifice people and
animals, or enslave spirits, while others rely on their so-called
"Awakenings" to supply their power. Witches are one of the
new great plagues on the Savage West; they seem to be fighting
some war among themselves, and gladly drag Garou into battle
if they can.

Chapter Three: Antagonists a5


SR

Young Witch

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Animal Ken 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival
2, Enigmas 4, Medicine 3, Occult 3, Rituals 4

Gifts: 5 Level One, 3 Level Two, 1 Level Three

Gnosis 6, Willpower 5

Equipment: Ritual tools (knife, wand, chalice, robes),
comfortable clothing, herbs, book of notes and rites, pistol or
shotgun

Mad Scientists

Sometime-allies of the Iron Riders, these warped Namers
have the blood of the Weaver in their veins. Some of them test
their mechanical toys on the sacred earth, and many such
experiments tear the Gauntlet open, letting loose the Wyld
storm. Deranged automatons, super guns and strange armored
war machines appear wherever mad scientists play. To native
Garou, these wizards are abominations; to the white-born
ones, they're intriguing but dangerous characters.

Many mad scientists are obvious about what they are; white
smocks, huge weapons and bizarre gadgets compliment their
hectic manners and strange, garbled speech. A handful of them
are threateningly normal — too normal. They speak in mono-
tones and wear black clothing head-to-toe even on hot desert
days. These "Black Hats" even intimidate Garou, and that's
not easy. When threats don't work, they pull firearms from
their dusters and let loose their devas
won't find these types on the open range; the cities are their
homes, although some accompany trains out to the frontier
towns to lay telegraph wire or collect gold shipments. The
madder ones like to set up shop in the mountains — shops the
Garou quickly learn to avoid.

Experienced Mad Scientist
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 1, Crafts 4, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Ride 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 3, Science 4
Gifts: 10 Level One, 7 Level Two, 5 Level Three, 2 Level Four
Gnosis 7, Willpower 8
Equipment: Toolkit, oil, gloves, lab coat or duster, really
heinous weapon (custom-built, like a flamethrower or gatling
pistol), knife, pistol (just in case...)

"Black Hat"

ating "science." You

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Sey

ZOOL

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3, Crafts 4, Firearms 4, Melee 3,
Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 2, Occult 1, Science 4

Gifts: 8 Level One, 5 Level Two, 3 Level Three; also project
an aura of fear (as the Shadow Lord Gift: Icy Chill of Despair,
but constant)

Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Equipment: Black suits, dusters and hats; powerful firearms
(probably custom-made gatling pistols); silver daggers; stiletto;
shotgun

Medicine Folk

Most Garou are familiar with the medicine folk, the primal
mystics who remember the old ways and dance with the spirits.
That's not to say they're necessarily on friendly terms — the
shamans remember the wolf as a hunter, even if he is a sacred
one. Still, native Garou hold alliances with various human
shamans, if only in the interest of self-preservation. In the
earlier days, the different tribes might have fought, but not
today. Medicine folk understand the threat the Storm Umbra
poses; Gaia is sick, and these Namers devote their lives to
healing Her.

Well, most of them do....

Some call the others "Vision Mockers," shamans who have
left the beauty way for the hidden moon. $ ts of the
Wyrm, they twist the old ways into war magics fueled by hate,
vengeance and despair. Although descended from Pure Ones,
these fallen shamans war against their own kind, kissing dark
spirits in their forbidden lodges. These sorcerers are worse than
foreign witches — they've left the path of their ancestors to
turn the Earth inside out. Vision Mockers still use the trappings
of their ways— the dance, the drum, tobacco and chants — but
their hearts are fouler than the Wyrmcomers they war upon.
Their dance is an earthquake and the Storm Eater is their Dark
Father.

Medicine folk work magic like werewolves do, calling spirits
into fetishes or begging their secrets for mortal favors. They're
clever as Coyote and understand the spirit paths. Unlike their
cousins, these magicians can walk into the Umbra and find
their way around. The visions they see there fuel their quest to
preserve the good Earth and drive away the Wyrm—or fuel the
hate that twists medicine into witchcraft.

Great Medicine Worker
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 3, Animal Ken 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Performance
3, Ride 2, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 5, Linguistics 4,
Medicine 3, Rituals 5, Occult 5


&

®) P2La eae

SANT |

Gifts: 15 Level One, 10 Level Two, 7 Level Three, 5 Level
Four, 3 Level Five; may also step sideways

Gnosis 10, Willpower 8

Equipment: Medicine bag, ritual tools (drum, tobacco, paint,
ceremonial dress), rifle, knife, tomahawk, walking boots, sturdy
clothing

Magick
Reality is pretty fluid in the Savage West. The combination

and the Storm Umbra make
magick an easy — if dangerous — pastime for those who know

of warring cultures, open space

how to use it. Traditional Native American medicine isn't as

ye been a century earlier, but it still
an call upon
God and expect a response — there are lots of good Christians
but the darker Arts and
sometimes they're decep-

easy to perform as it md
works impressively well. Clerical miracle-men

out West, even among the Indians

wild technomagicks are chance'
tively easy; other times, well.

For the Storyteller, magic can be a challenge. If he's got the
Mage: The Ascension rulebook, he can use the Sphere magicks
given there (see sidebar). If not, he's got a few options.

He might give magical characters a variety of Gifts (prefer-
ably homid, Theurge and Uktena, with asmattering from other
tribes), add huge Gnosis pools (6 or better), and grant them
simple Intelligence + Enigmas or Occult rolls to pull off their
spells. Or he could simply leave the Black Arts to storytelling,

rolling the mage's Intelligence + Occult, Perception + Occult
or even Intelligence + Crafts or Science, depending on the
style of magic he pursues, against a variable difficulty. Small
spells, which include seeing in the dark, stepping sideways or
healing a person's wounds, have low difficulties (4-6), while
more powerful ones (calling lightning, summoning spirits or
making stone crumble) are harder to perform (difficulty 7-10).
From there, he can assume that the sorcerer has a number of
things he can do (draw down lightning, animate the dead,
etc.), and can set a number of success that the mage needs to
achieve his desired goals.

If the sorcerer botches his spells, terrible things happen.
Demon spirits appear and whisk him off to Hell; the earth splits
open beneath him; fire bursts from his pores or blows his
machines to ruin. Magic takes no prisoners in the Savage West;
when things go wrong, they do so with style.

Mages have another name when they're pitted against a
Garou in combat: cole slaw. The Namers cannot soak Garou
claw or bite attacks, and most of them don't regenerate. Th

can, however, reduce the effectiveness of werewolf Gifts by
rolling a magical "dodge" of Wits + Occult, difficulty 6. (If you
have Mage, assume that Spirit countermagick — pages 172-
173 — subtracts successes from Garou Gifts if the mage wants
to counter them.) Mages do their mischief from a distance, or

channel it through elaborate rites and powerful machines.
Hand-to-hand, they're buzgard-bait.


When they call upon their Arts and sciences, mages are a
formidable lot. Damage from their spells may be normal (like
acold wind) or aggravated (like a blast of hellfire), depending
on the form it takes. As a rule, assume that a sorcerous attack

inflicts one Health Level per success; really powerful ones
might deal out two Health Levels instead. While a werewolf
can soak these castings easily enough, most mages are too
clever to rely on simple damage spells. Instead, they'll ambush
aGarou, startan avalanche or turn everything around him into
silver...

Mage: The Ascension —
The Wild West

For those who play Mage: The Ascension, the following
outline describes important events in the West between 1850
and 1900. In that era, three events of great and lasting impor-
tance occur.

The Organization of the
Technocracy

By the mid-1800s, the Order of Reason has become archaic.
The Industrial Revolution and the explosion of new technol-
ogy and social revolution has shown the Inner Circle that an
update was essential. Most historians place the guiding vision
in the court of Queen Victoria, and most accounts declare that
the queen herself was a strong and informed member of the
Technocratic Inner Circle. The changes she demands form the
foundations of the modern Technocratic Union, and set in
motion the forces that will create the Sons of Ether and the
Virtual Adepts.

Although those august Technocrats don't appear as distinct
groups until the late 1800s, many of their founders work within
the Difference Engineers, Artificers (later Iteration X) and
Electrodyne Engineers, developing telegraph technology, ad-
vanced weaponsand transportation. While the real innovations
are designed further East, a number of industrious scientists
have taken advantage of the open frontier to construct labora-
tories for deeper research. As the last remnants of the Cabal of
Pure Thought reorganize themselves into the NWO, their
superiors test new agents — the "Black Hats" — in the field out
West. These cold men in black, trained as expert gunfighters
and intimidators, accompany money-men and un-Awakened
gruntsas they lay tracks across the land, bringing back gold and
silver for the Union's vaults.

The Homelands War

During the 1800s, European explorers and settlers make
permanent inroads into Africa and the Americas, crushing the
indigenous cultures. As a result, a steady stream of
Dreamspeakers from those lands defect from the Council of
Nine to defend their people. Although this exodus begins in
the 1700s, by the Westward Expansion period it has reached
critical mass.

To make matters worse, many European mages see opportu-
nitieson both continents— opportunities to win new "converts"
to their causes and paradigms, and opportunities to grab mystic
secrets and worldly goods. Some of these — often Hermetics
and Celestial Choristers — travel with the settlers. Their
efforts are rarely appreciated by the "natives," or by their fellow
Traditions, for that matter.

The decidedly militant Cult of Ecstasy — known in this
period as the Cult of Bacchus — adds bitter spice to the brew.
Unlike the peace-child stereotypes familiar to modern mages,
the Cultists of the 1800s are a bloody-minded lot. In the Savage
West, an Ecstatic sect called Los Sabios Locos — "the Crazy
Wise Ones" — joins the Dreamspeakers and declares war on
nearly everyone else (see Cult of Ecstasy, page 21). The
Dreamspeakers themselves fragment badly during this era;
many shamans quit the Council and return home. Some even
cross knives with their former comrades, who stay behind to
preserve the dream of Star-of-Eagles. Disdained by their cous-
ins, abandoned by their fellow Traditions, the remaining
Dreamspeakers are a sorry lot.

Inner Madness and Hate

The almost palpable hatred and Umbral chaos in the
American West Awakens a number of Marauders and sends
several new Nephandi through the Cauls. Some of these
"converts" come from other groups whose decency orsanity are
demolished by the struggles in the West; others burst into full
Awakening to follow the ways of the Fallen and the Mad. Few
of these new mages survive the times to achieve real power, but
their "conversion" throws the centuries-old Ascension War
into crazy new directions.

The so-called Vision Mockers undermine the efforts of the
Dreamspeakers and other shamans. Wyrm-ridden medicine
folk, these barabbi turn their old ways into spirit poison, riding
with Black Spiral Dancers and ice-cold Black Hats. One
Mocker sect, the Lost Moon Society, joins the Ghost Dance
movement near the end of the century and attempts to turn its
energies to the Society's own purposes. Dreamspeakers within
the Ghost Dance uncover the plot in the 1880s; a series of
covert battles begins within the movement. The Nephandi
keep the upper hand in the fight until the Ghost Dance's
shattering defeat at Wounded Knee — which raises a troubling
question: Does one of the vilest acts in U.S. military history
help prevent an even greater evil from occurring? Or had the
Vision Mockers already fallen before the army moved in?

Boundaries of Magick and
Coincidence

Magick is a risky trade in the Savage West. Although the
"set" of reality allows many styles to be considered coinciden-
tal, the consequences
later mages face. Paradox takes rather punishing forms in the
lands where the Storm Umbra boils. Mages who botch might
earn double their usual Paradox (see Mage, page 169) at the

of failure are more severe than those the

38 Werewolf: The Wild West


LIER PL

)

Te

Storyteller's discretion, and backlashes are spectacular. No
wimpy little Paradox Flaws, here. You screw up in the Savage
West, you screw up big.

For Storytelling sake, consider Native American shaman-
ism, Christian miracles and infernal witchcraft (as opposed to
Verbena rites) to be coincidental throughout the West.
Technomagick and other mystical styles are open to the
Storyteller's discretion; the wild surges beyond the Gauntlet
have ruffled the Tapestry so much that an Effect might be
vulgar one day and coincidental the next. The beliefs of the
time don't often allow for wild high magick (flying people,
fireballs, summoned dragons), but superstition is rampant, so
many forms of "witchcraft" (i.e., the rites of Verbena and some
Nephandi) make many overt Effects "possible."

Oriental mages face a hostile climate here; although many
of the Akashic Brothers who travel to the West make do with
the raw physical powers of their Do, the more esoteric applica-
tions remain out of reach. The ceremonial wizards of the Wu
Lung find their Arts backfiring (vulgar) until the establish-
ment of permanent Chinatowns allows them to focus the
traditional beliefs of their people to best advantage. Although
Muslim mages are totally out of luck — virtually no one
understands their concepts of magick here — the voodoo
wizards of the Gulf find fertile ground for their beliefs along the
coast.

Wraiths

One of the truisms of the Savage West is that an awful lot
of people die there with unfinished business. Dead people with
unfinished business have a tendency to...linger on, and sure
enough, the American frontier has a much higher number of
ghosts than the number of settlers might cause one to expect.
However, as in life, so in death; the Shadowlands of the West
are a lawless place where the soldiers of the Stygian realm are
neither welcome nor wanted.

More to the point, they're not particularly safe, either.

What Is a Wraith?

A wraith, or Restless, is the ghost of a human being who has
unfinished business remaining in the lands of the living (a.k.a.
the Skinlands). Wraiths dwell in the Underworld, the Dark
Umbra, the Shadowlands: a decayed version of the real world
that is separated from the living by a Shroud of fear and pain.
Wraiths seek to fulfill the goals they left unresolved in life and
protect those people or things (or Fetters) that anchor them to
the Skinlands.

Each wraith's personality is also splintered in two; the
regular personality controls the shared body of the wraith most
of the time, but the darker half of the soul, the Shadow, is
constantly battling for control. Wraiths whose darker sides
have taken over permanently are known as Spectres, essen-
tially Bane-ghosts in service to an aspect of entropy they call
Oblivion.

Chapter Three: Antagonists

Few werewolves know anything about the Underworld;
only a few even among the Silent Striders have the knack for
entering the Dark Umbra, and they speak little of what they
find there. A few say that an eternal storm pulses under the
surface of the Underworld, a storm that has been there forever
and can suck ghost or Garou alike into the hungry maw of
Oblivion — the Wyrm by any other name....

Bad Places

Wraiths commonly haunt places that most normal folks are
smart enough to leave alone. Old battlefields, graveyards,
gallows, jails and sites of ambushes are the sorts of places where
ghosts are liable to feel at home, and these places are called
through

Haunts. Conversely, those homesteads that have
long association, become more homes than houses
bind the spirits of their owners through strength of affection.

ay also

Werewolves who venture into Haunts are generally not
welcome, though some wraiths appreciate more corporeal
protectors for their homes. The barrier between worlds is thin
ina Haunt, and there are stories of Garou being drawn into the
Underworld while intruding on a Haunt populated by particu-
larly unfriendly wraiths. Other tales claim that Gifts just don't
work properly when the Shroud between worlds is too thin,

and that a Garou cannot count on even his most basic abilities.
Regardless, Haunts are most often unfriendly territory for
werewolves, and any who venture in had best possess either an
invitation or a hidden trump.

Silent Striders in particular avoid Haunts, as any member of
the tribe who meanders into one is liable to have a gaggle of
ghosts strapped to her back when she wanders out. In addition,
many nts have been formed by massive outpourings of
negative emotional energy, and such places are magnets for
creatures of the Wyrm. The ghosts of a particular Haunt may
not be particularly pleased with the notion of sharing their
home with Wyrm-critters, but any Garou who wanders in is
likely to confuse cause and effect, and link the local wraiths
with the tainted beasts dwelling there in the Skinlands.

Methods of Interaction

Notall werewolves can see wraiths; only Silent Striders can
generally catch a glimpse of them as they flit through the
Shadowlands. Once a Garou knows what he is looking for,
however, he can generally spot wraiths quite easily; it's know-
ing what to look for the first time that presents the difficulty.
On the other hand, wraiths have the innate ability to detect
the auras of living beings, which enables them to pick
werewolves out of a crowd easily.

Many people make the mistake of assuming that Restless are
spirits, just like any other Umbral denizens. They aren't. Most
Gifts that affect spirits either don't affect wraiths, or affect
them in odd or weak ways. Furthermore, as most Garou
interaction with spirits takes place in the Middle Lands,
meetings with wraiths (who dwell exclusively in the Dark
Umbra) when Gifts might be pertinent are few and far be-
tween.


ee hike

¢ Notall wraiths retain personality or force of will once
/they cross over to the other side. These shuffling shells
\ are called Drones, and they are doomed to spend eternity

repeating some action or other in ghostly pantomime. /
/ Normally such wraiths are harmless, and other Restless

\ consider it unlucky to disturb them. However, the West

{ breeds a unique type of Drone called a bulto by the |
} original Spanish settlers. These Drones, rather than ‘
passively re-enacting some scene from their lives, existto /
guard a certain site or object. Endowed with the power to /
materialize and affect the physical world, as well as many >

of the more potent ghostly abilities, bultos can be fear-

some guardians. Usually, a bulto is attached to a specific

) treasure (often buried) or location, and any attempt to

"desecrate" the area will summon forth the ghostly pro-

{ tector. Bultos attack until destroyed, or at least dispersed,

\ and no attempt to communicate with a bulto has ever
© been successful.

SSSESEN

ZILL,

Powers and Possibilities

Many wraithly abilities and powers, especially the Arcanoi,
have no readily convertible equivalent in Werewolf: the Wild
West. With that in mind, Storytellers are encouraged to be
creative and liberal in their treatment of Arcanoi when having
their Garou characters interact with the restless dead. In
essence, the Arcanoi cover the gamut of "classic" ghostly
powers, from poltergeists flinging crockery to blood dripping
from the walls to horrific nightmares being inflicted by the
dead. For anything a ghost in a piece of fiction can do, there
exists an Arcanos equivalent. Perhaps the most obvious appli-
cations are the Possession and Materialize Charms; more
complex abilities can be simulated with specialty Charms or
even pure storytelling.

Dead Folks

There is no such thing as a "typical" wraith — every
occupant of the Shadowlands is a unique individual. As such,
no generic templates are given for wraiths included in a Wild
West chronicle. The Storyteller should carefully craft a wraith

to suit her purposes and the demands of her chronicle.


;

We

© Lemures: Lemures are the youngest members of wraith
Society, acclimated but not yet powerful. They are familiar
with the ways of the Underworld, and have some understand-
ing of their situation. Most Lemures have been dead for less
than a century, and are strongly Fettered to the Skinlands. As
they are the wraiths who frequent the lands of the living most
often, they are the wraiths with whom werewolves are most
likely to come in contact.
Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Back-
grounds 7, Willpower 8, Gnosis 8
Suggested Attributes: Appearance is often either extremely
high or extremely low, due to certain wraiths' shapeshifting
abilities.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy
3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 2, Animal Ken 1, Crafts 1,
Firearms 3, Melee 1, Stealth 1, Investigation 1, Law 2, Occult
2, Politics 1
Note: Most bultos have stats equivalent to a Lemure — or
higher.
© Gaunts: Gaunts are more experienced wraiths. They have
settled into the Society of the dead and are more potent than
Lemures. Most Gaunts are still somewhat attached to the
Skinlands, but their Fetters have been weakened, or in some
cases resolved or destroyed. Gaunts tend to look at the bigger
picture when dealing with mortals and others, and are more
patient and more dangerous than Lemures. Very few of the
wraiths dwelling in the Shadowlands of the frontier are Gaunts;
there are more attached to the cities of the East.
Character Creation: Attributes 10/7/5, Abilities 17/13/9,
Backgrounds 12, Willpower 9, Gnosis 10
Suggested Attributes: Same as with Lemures, but other than
Appearance, no Attribute should be less than 2.
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy
3, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3, Animal Ken 1, Crafts 1,
Firearms 4, Melee 2, Stealth 3, Investigation 1, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 1, Occult 2, Politics 2

Wild West Wraith Chronicles

At the time of Werewolf: The Wild West, the Empire of
Stygia theoretically rules the Shadowlands of North America,
and back East, Stygia can more or less make the claim stick. For
the most part, there's no Stygian presence west of the Mi
sippi. That's not tosay that the legions of the dead haven't tried
moving westward, but they haven't been too successful.

Most of the wraiths out West fall into two factions: Ren-
egades and Heretics, and they converge on the frontier from
two different directions. The majority of Renegades are rebels
and other antisocial types, most of whom have fled from back
East. As the Hierarchy sinks its hooks into city after city, the
Renegades cut and run for the West, and for places where
things are a little less regimented. Renegade wraiths gleefully
break the Dictum Mortuum and can frequently be found med-
dling in the affairs of humans and Garou alike.

is-

Heretic wraiths, however, are a different kettle of fish.
Religious ghosts of one stripe or another, the various Heretic
factions sojourn up from Mexico, Central and South America
fleeing the encroaching Hierarchy legions down there. Of
course, the Heretics have good reason to be running: When
they first arrived with the Spanish explorers, they didaneat job
of exterminating most of the native "heathen" wraiths they
found resident. The Hierarchy, for all its faults, disapproves of
religious genocide. When the legions arrived in the New
World, they immediately set out to punish the wraiths respon-
sible. Some were destroyed; the rest fled north and eventually
reached the American frontier (Salt Lake City, in particular,
proved a Heretic haven). Now the Heretics have outposts all
over the West, and each cult searches for Heaven (or Tran-
scendence, as they call it) in its own way. However, Heretic
outposts are both heavily armed and guarded, as they suffer
from frequent attacks by groups of native wraiths seeking
vengeance for the Flaying, the extermination of the wraiths of
Central America.

Several arts and Arcanoi function primarily within the
Shadowlands and Tempest, particularly Argos, and as such are
unlikely to be useful ina crossover Werewolf: The Wild West/
Wraith: The Oblivion chronicle. Some other Arcanoi, espe-
cially most uses of Inhabit, are anachronistic for the Savage
West, and as such should be replaced with acceptable period
equivalents. Some sample alternate arts are available in
Guildbook: Artificers; Storytellers are invited to invent their
own as their chronicles require.

For a more exact reckoning of how wraithly Arcanoi affect
Garou, see Buried Secrets.

Changelings

In the Savage West tales of the fae are spun around camp-
fires, late at night when the embers have burned low. These
stories consist mostly of the Nunnehi or the little people,
dangerous tricksters who still live in the unexplored regions of
the uncharted West. Little do these gunslingers and cowpokes
know but the fae are among them, living their lives and feasting
upon their dreams of happiness and rich veins of gold.

Changelings are fae souls born in human bodies who long to
return to Faerie but have been bound to Earth for generations.
They walk completely unnoticed among mortals, but amongst
themselves, they take a different aspect. Theirs are the powers
of glamour and glory, the arts spun from the Dreaming and
woven from human belief. They are the children of the Wyld
itself — and thus are in grave danger from the Storm Eater's
threat.

The Nunnehi

The Nunnehi are the native fae, the changelings born from
the hopes and dreams of the Native Americans. They far
outnumber their European cousins in the Savage West. Even
as the numbers of immigrant fae continue to grow, the Nunnehi

Chapter Three: Antagonists 41


continue their vendetta against the European kith, deter-
mined to drive them from the West, and indeed all of North
America if possible.

The Nunnehi take many forms and faces, from the kachinas
of the Southwest to the river-dwelling water babies. They also
divide themselves by tribes, some of which may be as violently
opposed to one another as they are to the Europeans. A Garou
whoallies himself with one fae tribe may very well find himself
at war with one or more other tribes. Fortunately most tribes
are separated by regions, so unless he travels a good deal, a

‘ace with one tribe can expect relative
though it's always wise to learn
exactly where the lines are drawn.

The Old World Fae

Even the immigrant changelings, the Kithain, are no strang-
ers to the Sav
World long before most European folk settled there. Watching
their beloved Glamour fading from the world, many fled across
the seas seeking a new place, a place they could live free of the
Banality of man. Some, mostly the mighty trolls, came with the
Vikings who settled in Vinland (or Maine). Others came on
their own, seeking refuge from the oncoming tide of Banality.

werewolf who makes pe:
safety within the same area.

in truth, the fae came to the New

Like the Nunnehi, the European fae are a diverse lot. Some
are powerful warriors, like the doughty, Nordic trolls and the
horrible hobgoblinlike redcaps. Others are wild rovers, like the
ever-wandering eshu. Still others spend their lives building
strange machines from the stuff of dreams, such as the wiry,
goblinesque nockers.

The Nunnehi met the first arrival of European fae with
much suspicion, but treaties were soon made and friendships
ablished. The ne
of the coming of the white man and of the destruction he would
eventually bring to their world. The Nunnehi scoffed at these
tales, unable to visualize a people who could be so mindlessly

omers even tried to warn the Nunnehi

destructive.

Then two things happened to destroy the peace. The first
was the Shattering, a vast tide of unbelief that drove most fae
back to Arcadia, their homeland, and forced the rest to adopt
the way of the changeling, becoming half-mortal. The second
was the arrival of the Europeans, and with that, the once-
peaceful coexistence of the Nunnehi and the European kith
disintegrated. The Nunnehi blamed the European fae for the
Shattering and the devastation brought by the Europeans.
Both sides quickly broke treaties and peace accords as animosi-
ties flared. Eventually the European changelings found
themselves at war with the Nunnehi in an odd parallel with
their mortal counterparts.

Changelings in the Wild West

The fae rarely bother with affairs other than their own.
Currently, the war between Nunnehi and Kithain is in full fury
in the Savage West. The changelings' allies all too often
become caught up in this ongoing war; more than one battle

Fare

between Fianna and Uktena has been fought in the name of fae
friends.

While the Nunnehi mostly keep to the wilds, the European
kith can be found in many settlements and cities throughout
the West. Though not nearly as prevalent as in Europe and
even the East, changelings are still quite common, often
working, living and dying unnoticed right alongside their
mortal companions.

Kithain and Nunnehi
Characters

Like wraiths, changelings are a diverse and disparate lot.
What follows are a few rudimentary character concepts, in-
cluded to give Storytellers a loose idea of the kinds of antics
with which some fae may involve themselves.

* Pooka Trickster: The pooka are shapechanging fae who
love to play tricks on those around them. Their pranks are
generally harmless, though they can turn deadly, especially if
an enemy or someone the pooka doesn't like is involved. Pooka
changelings are generally
and affect some aspects of that animal's appearance, even when
viewed as mortals.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Back-
grounds 7, Willpower 3, Gifts 4, Gnosis 7

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2 in all Attributes,
but 3 in all Social and 4 Dexterity.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge
2, Expression 3, Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 3, Stealth 4
Suggested Gifts: Ragabash and Lupus

Powers
change into the one creature it has an affinity with.

sociated with one sort of animal

Shape Change — A pooka may instantaneously

¢ Nunnehi Warrior: The Nunnehi can be found in many
places in the Savage West. Some live among the native people
of the land, while others prefer solitary wilderness. No matter
their origin, Nunnehi are often hostile to any non-native
There are some alliances between certain tribes of Nunnehi
and the Wendigo and Uktena. However, even native tribes
waramong themselves. Depending upon which sidea Wendigo
or Uktena finds himself, he may only make matters worse.
Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5, Back-
grounds 7, Willpower 3, Gifts 4, Gnosis 7
Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2 in all Attributes,
but 4 in all Physical
Suggested Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge
2, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Suggested Gifts: Galliard, Uktena, Wendigo

¢ Nocker Inventor: The nocker inventor spends most of
his time locked away in a lab creating new wonders both real
and chimerical. Most mortals see him as somewhat eccentric
and reclusive. He revels in being the center of attention when
displaying his newest creation.

Character Creation: Attributes 7/5/3, Abilities 13/9/5,
kgrounds 7, Willpower 5, Gifts 4, Gnosis 8

Ba

Werewolf: The Wild West


Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2 in all Attributes,
but 4 in all Mental and 5 in Intelligence.

Suggested Abilities: Crafts 5, Firearms 3, Enigmas 3, Medi-
cine 2, Science 4

Suggested Gifts: Homid, Iron Riders

Powers: Tinkering — Given 24 hours, a nocker can create
a device for almost any purpose he desires. All devices created
by nockers will suffer some catastrophic failure at some point
or will otherwise have some hidden flaw.

Changeling: The Dreaming —
The Savage West

Playing changelings in the Savage West requires little or no
adjustment to the Changeling rules by the Storyteller. The
setting, however, is vastly different froma modern-day chronicle.
The most obvious difference is that there are no sidhe, with the
exception of a few scattered members of House Scathach. And
while the European kith can certainly be found in the West,
the Nunnehi are the most prevalent during this period. Any
Changeling story set in the Savage West will almost certainly
involve the Nunnehi at some point. Therefore, detailed infor-
mation on this race of changelings is almost vital. Further
information on the many Nunnehi kith as well as rules for
playing them can be found in the Changeling Players Guide.

The trolls have been a part of the West since its very
founding. Assolitary souls and often misfits from society, many
trolls find employment with the rail companies in the early
days of railway construction. Conversely, few boggans or pooka
make it out to the frontier, preferring the civility and excite-
ment of the East to the pioneer West, respectively. The stark
West also holds little interest for the hedonistic satyrs or
reclusive sluagh. Many perpetually wandering eshu, however,
find their way to western settlements, where they often stay for
atime to soak up the local stories and drink the whisky before
they are on their way once more. Likewise, the nockers have
found the West to be something of a haven for their kind.
Inventions of all kinds are always in demand and they are kept
busy day and night tinkering with everything from new mining
techniques to the latest steam-powered gizmos or automotives.
And of course, redcaps may be found among some of the
nastiest gangs in the West. They take naturally to gunslinging
and train-robbing, and their bloodthirst results in some of the
more brutal murders and stage coach robberies.

All of the rules found in Changeling: The Dreaming
function exactly the same in the Savage West. Most of the
changes for running a western chronicle are cosmetic rather
than rules oriented. One change Storytellers might wish to
make is to lower the average human's Banality. Consider the
average human to have a Banality rating of 4 to 6 (Native
Americans will often have between 3 to 4). This lowering of
Banality represents the fact that many of the miners and people
in general in the West are willing to believe in the supernatu-
ral; what's more, most of them came west following a dream of

Chapter Three: Antagonists

"He

abetter place. (Some Storytellers may feel that this lowering of
Banality gives changelings too much of an advantage and may
wish to ignore this option.)

Chimera are also affected in an odd fashion. Strange "me-
chanical" chimera have been sighted, often resembling some
steam-powered creation of a mad nocker scientist. This is in
fact only the beginning of a new variety of chimera that will
become more common as time passes.

On a darker note, some chimera that began as allies to the
fae have gone awry and turned against their companions,
almost as if some dark taint affected their very being. Change-
ling scholars have been unable to discover the reason behind
this corruption of chimera, though the effect certainly has a
great many changelings worried. These dark creations are
representative of the effect of the Storm Umbra on the chimera
of the Savage West. Though the baleful influences patrolling
the Middle Lands and Penumbra have no means of direct
control over chimera, they've begun to have an effect on the
dreamstuff of the West, often poisoning or twisting it in some
obscene manner.

The Enlightened
Society of the
Weeping Moon

We went out into the moonless and tortuous network of that
incredibly ancient town; went out as the lights in the curtained
windows disappeared one by one, and the Dog Star leered at the
throng of cowled, cloaked figures that poured silently from every
doorway and formed monstrous processions up this street and that...

— HP. Lovecraft, "The Festival"

From under dark eaves and out of ill-lit alcoves come the
members of the Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon,
filing silently to their secret lodges, wherein they conduct
bizarre and occult rites. The Society is not, however, a mere
cult, Masonic coven or petty hellfire club — they are, in truth,
some thing far more hideous. They are willing servants of the
Wyrm.

The Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon is a secular
organization devoted to reverence of the Wyrm in its guise as
the lunar satellite after which they name themselves. Whether
they consciously pursue evil or are simply sincerely misguided
depends upon each member. What is universal, however, is the
sect's devotion to the Prophecy of the Weeping Moon: On an
undisclosed night, after careful preparation on the part of her
followers, Luna will herself descend upon the Earth, purifying
it with her righteous tears.

Naturally, any self- and Gaia-respecting Garou believes this
blighted perception of the Mother's mad sister to be blas-
phemy. The Garou, in an unprecedented display of solidarity,
havesworn to the utter destruction of the Enlightened Society.


ASSESS

2,

LLP,

Their problem, however, is the subtlety with which the
Society moves — public chapter houses are rare (and those

thatare public usually have the power, influence and contacts
toremainso...),and many of the sect's rites are conducted on
the same nights as those of the Garou.

The Society's Goals

The operational philosophy of the Enlightened Society of
the Weeping Moon is simple: Progress through mysticism.
This is the single greatest limiting factor with which the
Garou come in conflict — communities with established
Society lodges love the Weeping Moons. Almostany city with
an Enlightened Society presence has one of them on its town
council. There are almost assuredly additional Weeping
Moons in local banking centers, telegraph and mail offices,
and even passenger and freight train stations.

Luckily (for the Garou, at least) towns and cities under
direct Society sway are relatively far between. Their covert
nature is what has led to the success of the Enlightened
Society as a whole. Rather than spreading their influence
thinly over the vast Savage West, the Weeping Moons have
I instead focused on a few key locales. Here, they establish

themselves, and begin the conversion and recruitment pro-

‘4 cess, slowly garnering controlling interestin thenextnearby
: town. Then, in the next town, the whole cycle begins
§ , anew...
The Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon uses
mystical means for both its ends. Toward the end of assum-
ing control, they use various scrying magics, not unlike
Garou Gifts, to collect information on those who would
stand against them. Naturally, this intelligence:

undermine the efforts of those rivals and to implicate them in

is used to

less-than-wholesome activities. They also use their occult
powers in what they believe to be a genuinely altruistic
fashion: To usher humanity out from under the thumbs of

malevolent supernatural enemies and into a "golden age" of
lay mysticism and humanocentrism.

While this latter goal may be a respectable end, it is the
means by which the Society chooses to attain it that are

dubious. All of their mystical powers are, in truth, bestowed
by the Defiler Wyrm and Pseulak, the Urge-Wyrm of Lies.
Pseulak in particular takes great ironic glee in using these
mortals as its chief weapon — the lies by which he hides their
true natures from the mortal world at large are the same lies
by which he hides the ramifications of their magical gifts from
them. In the end, all members of the Enlightened Society of
the Weeping Moon are inextricably intertwined with the
goals of the Wyrm. Their souls bear the mark of its taint,
regardless of any naiveté or illusions on their part.

ISR
, QODIQI


Pa, eee ee ‘ es
——
§ The Storm Eater
Although the Enlightened Society of the Weeping
Moon and the Storm Eater are both manifestations of the
Wyrm, that doesn't mean they get along. To the Society,
the Storm Eater is a ravenous and indiscriminate mael-
strom, destroying its own servants and creations withthe >
same mindless abandon that it does everything else. In
fact, as the Society doesn't know a thing about the Wyrm
as an entity or the Triat; they don't even know that
they're related to the Storm Eater, however distantly.
The Society is aware, though, of the Storm Eater's {
presence
one. They have learned minuscule bits of insight through
their close relationship with the spirits of the Savage \
West, though the whole of the true state of affairs escapes /
them.

nee

The Enlightened Society is not inherently antagonis-

tic toward the Storm Eater and its depredations — it}

generally assumes a policy of nonintervention. Only the
most megalomaniac among the Weeping Moon's ranks
would dare to suggest an attempt at harnessing the Storm
Eater's potential. Most of the Society realize that such
action would be folly,.as the Storm Eater would simply (
devour them and leave nothing in its wake, as it has with

so many frontier towns...

The Pecking Order

As with almost any quasi-religious mystical order, the En-
lightened Society of the Weeping Moon has established aseries
of protocols and hierarchies to ensure that their endeavors go
smoothly. From the highest tier to the lowest trench, the
Falightetied: Society operates, with:an almost inhuman eff
ciency that unnerves those who look upon it from the outside.
Not that many of these voyeurs are allowed to live long....

Most Enlightened Magister,
the Grand Unveiler of Secrets

The highest position in the Enlightened Society, this title is
currently held by Lloyd Fairweather. There was only one Most
Enlightened Master before him, the Society's founder Laurent
de Mer, whose mysterious and traceless disappearance left the
door wide open for Lloyd to assume directorship of the order.

The responsibilities of this office are many. The Grand
Unveiler must conduct every ritual at the quarterly meetings of
all members, adjudicate day-to-day business on a managerial
level, organize regional "recruitment drives," find time to
maintain and expand his occult knowledge and, perhaps most
importantly, cultivate an air of social respectability and gentil-
ity.

a "conscience," albeit a chaotic and stupid)

Lloyd Fairweather has masterfully balanced these precari-
ous responsibilities, with a skill that some would label
preternatural. His newly published occult tome on the various
uses of Saturnal (see below) has been very well-received among
members of the Society as well as other occultists and super-
natural bibliophiles. In addition, his shrewd business acumen
has turned various "non-profit" ventures into surprisingly
lucrative (if secret) operations. Where Lloyd truly succeeds,
however, is his association with respectable society — it is said
that Lloyd is so well-liked, he could have the United States'
presidency if he wished.

Tenders of the Lunar Lore

The Tenders are like regional managers, each responsible
for the affairs of all Weeping Moon chapters in their spheres of
influence. Their responsibilities are similar to those of the
Most Enlightened Magister, but on a more local level. Each
Tender of the Lunar Lore directs the Weeping Moon cells in
her assigned "Collective" of states, which usually numbers
three or four. At present, there are ten Tenders in the ranks of
the Enlightened Society. From these, the two showing the
most promise (and best capability of assuming Lloyd
Fairweather's office should something unfortunate happen)
are Petula Ryan-Keaton of the Dixie Collective and Lucas
Belmont of the Navajo Collective.

The Circle of Stars

The Circle of Stars is the name of the group of Enlightened
Society members who govern the activities of all Society
activities in a given state. Obviously, the number of Weeping
Moons admitted to the Circle of Stars increases over thesliding
time scale of Werewolf: The Wild West, but the individuals
who comprise this level of the hierarchy are nonetheless
extremely powerful and influential. Knowledge of the fifth
level of Saturnal is required even to be considered for this
position (though exceptionally accomplished members of other,
non-magic wielding Moons are sometimes allowed the honor).

Revealers of the Mysteries

This title is given to distinguished members of the Enlight-
ened Society and it allows them the authority to start their own
chapter of Weeping Moons, should they so wish. The most
senior Revealer of a given chapter is likely the one who started
that chapter, and she is referred to as the Malviosin. The
Revealers of the Mysteries are the most populous segment of
the Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon, and are re-
sponsible for all the "trench-work": starting new chapters,
expanding power bases and influence within individual towns,
recruiting new Revealers and Initiates and generally "enlight-
ening the masses (with or without their accord)" through
subtle rituals and secret meetings.

Chapter Three: Antagonists 45


SSSSESN

Initiates (also Acolytes,
Novices and Vestals)

Though not truly "members" of the Enlightened Society of
the Weeping Moon, there are those who are nonetheless
sympathetic to its causes or interested in learning its secrets. If
the Society as a whole can be considered the clergy, the
Initiates are its flock.

Among the ranks of the Initiates are politicians who cannot
publicly support the partisan Society, businessmen involved
with other fraternal or mystical lodges, humanists who desire
s with secular organiza-
tions because of their religious climate, and even Native
Americans who have turned their backs on their own culture.
These folk sometimes attend Society affairs, but they most
often work "behind the scenes" as friends and representatives
of the powerful but secret Enlightened Society of the Weeping
Moon.

Should the Society ever wish, they would likely be able to
field a mob-army of enthusiastic supporters. Rallied by the
coercive words of the Nascent Moons and the warlike charisma
of the Harvest Moons, veritable legions of sympathetic rabble
could be mustered at the speed of telegraph or spirit-message.

Joining the Society

Despite the fact that it serves the Defiler Wyrm, actively
seeks the corruption of the physical world and practices forbid-
den rites under bloated moons in secluded crop fields, the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon is a surprisingly
egalitarian organization. In the words of the Most Enlightened
Magister Lloyd Fairweather, the sect is interested in "keeping
the Society's doors open to all, whether man or woman,
Christian or Jew, black, white, Indian or Chinaman."

Of course, this progressive outlook is purely subjective. If it
is in the Society's best interests, they will gladly make Initiates
out ofa local Indian tribe by giving them grants to buy traveling
supplies after being ousted from their homes by European
pioneers. At the same time, they may make Initiates out of the
settlers who drove those same Native Americans from their
lands by giving them guns to stave off the "marauding Indian
menace."

The Body Politic

The upshot of all this double-dealing is that the Society is
completely mercenary. They take whatever benefits they can,
sometimes playing both sides of a given conflict against the
middle to reap the greatest profits from all involved.

Itisnotsurprising, then, that many members of the Enlight-
ened Society of the Weeping Moon are successful businessmen
or opportunistic entrepreneurs. Bankers, rail barons, securities
brokers, affluent merchants, solicitors, even wealthy snake oil
salesmen — all are welcome to join the Society. Of course,
many of their primary functions revolve around generating

progress but cannot affiliate themsely;

enough untraceable revenue to fund the Society's covert
activities. Additionally, members do best when they have
enough money to spend their way into social circles, where
they become the "toast of the town" and attribute their success
to the Enlightened Society.

Outcasts

Other elements often join the Society for different reasons
as well. Many "heretics" and occultists enter the fold for
numerous reasons: protection from religious persecution, an
opportunity to expand their knowledge of the mystic arts,
safety in numbers; whatever. Members of this "caste" often
work from behind the shadows. After all, it's downright un-
seemly to be seen associating with that Mormon witch, even if
he knows how to conjure Gafflings from the Storm Umbra.
Nonetheless, these "black sheep" members are a vital part of
the Society's structure. They are often taken as advisors by
more prominent (and socially acceptable) Weeping Moons,
and are much valued for their insight into the spirit world and
the mysteries of magic. Many members of the outcast class are
born to the Horned Moon (see below) and excel in the practice
of Saturnal.

Muscle

Even a subtle secret Society needs its enforcers. Thus the
Enlightened Society opens its doors to
various...undesirable.. individuals. These miscreants are kept
as cloistered as the other "untouchables," though a chapter of
Weeping Moons will not hesitate to use force when it becomes
necessary. The Society rarely allows base thugs to become full-
fledged members and often conscripts muscle as Initiates
(which they may then disavow ex post facto).

When the Society does take in an enforcer, she is selected
from the cream of the crop. Physical formidability is merely a
basic prerequisite — The Enlightened Society also needs
brutality, cunning, stamina, devotion and outright meanness.
Society members if this ilk are almost exclusively under the
province of the Harvest Moon (see below), and tales of
rattlesnakes curling up and dying after biting these folks
abound.

The Black Spiral
Dancer Connection —
Moons

In one of the Wyrm's cruelest jokes, it has inundated the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon with some of the
doctrine of Gaia's Garou. Through carefully selected (i.e., less
homicidally insane) members of the Black Spiral Dancers, the
Society has been provided with a role-structure that mimics
Garou auspices. Each member of the Enlightened Society must
trace his birth back to the date (and sometimes even the hour)
to determine which phase of the moon is his "patron."

46 Werewolf: The Wild West


Needless

to say, this prac-
tice infuriates Gaian
Garou (and even dis-
turbs some Black Spiral Dancers). This vile mockery of Luna
debases everything the Garou stand for, and it is a significant
part of the reason that the werewolves hate the Enlightened

Society so much.

Of course, the Enlightened Society has no understanding of
this. Instead, they only know that they are constantly under
attack by werewolves. And after all, isn't it part of their
responsibility to destroy these night-beasts so they may assume
their proper role as the leaders of humanity?

Absent Moons

Absent Moons were born under a New Moon, when the sky
was at its darkest. Their souls mirror this darkness, and it is the
responsibility of an Absent Moon to challenge the status quo
and bring new insight to the presuppositions of others. Absent
Moons are visionaries and innovators, and perhaps the most
different from their Garou counterparts, the Ragabash. They
are less disposed to trickery and foolishness (there is no place
for such horseplay in the Enlightened Society of the Weeping

Moon) and more suited to uncovering a "better way" to get

things done.

Absent Moons have the smallest membership percentage of
the Enlightened S
and inscrutable

ciety. They are often viewed as precocious

as such, they are not widely trusted. It also

bears mentioning that of all the Moons, Absent Moons are the
ones who tend to get frustrated and try to leave the Enlightened
he

the Society is not so easily broken....

Society. Only then do they realize acommitment made to

Horned Moons

Horned Moons are named after the peculiar shape of the
moon in its crescent phase, for it resembles nothing so much as
the horns of the Devil himself. The Horned Moons are keenly
attuned to the movements of spirits and the demands of
working magic. Many are looked upon almost reverentially by
other Moons for their vast wisdom and knowledge of the
mystical ways. The Horned Moons are masters of Manes
Saturnal (see below).

Though they are in a numerical minority, Horned Moons
wield the greatest amount of power in the Enlightened Society.
Lloyd Fairweather is a member of the Horned Moon:

as are

many others who have risen to greatness under the Society's
banner. They are respected as leaders and are often the most
ardent and vocal supporters of the Society's endeavors. To
some extent, it may be said that they provide the moral
backbone of the st

guidance they deliver from the spirit world.

and rely upon others to bring order to the

Chapter Three: Antagonists 47


Balance Moons

The dispassionate, rational thinkers of the Enlightened
Society, the Balance Moons are commonly investors, bankers
or other money-driven men and women. Their logic is re-
spected, as is their excellent sense of logistics and the
all-important bottom line. Many Malviosin are Balance Moons,
and they are the most populous group of Revealers of the
Mysteries. Though many possess the drive and aspiration to
attain higher status, their lack of ability with the properties of
Saturnal often resigns them to the lower levels. Nonetheless,
many Balance Moons secretly enjoy this submission —by day
they are powerful and in charge, while by night they are often
no more than cogs in the machine.

Nascent Moons

This broad group consists of many varied individuals. At
once the Moon of carousers, dilettantes, smooth-talkers, po-
liticos, firebrands, performers and celebrities, the Nascent
Moon is occupied by those who possess the ability to move

\ a

a oe

others. Whether through vibrantspeech orheartfelt art, skilled g

dance or talented writing, the Nascent Moons stir others into
motion. Their role in the Enlightened Society is one of
personal nature. They throw and attend the parties at which it
is fashionable to be seen. They arrange the charity events that
build popular opinion in the Society's favor and entreat new
members into joining the glory of the sect.

Nascent Moons are the second most numerous group of
Moons in the Society. It is their fluid rapport with the Balance
Moons that keeps the ranks of the organization swelled and
keeps the coffers in coin. Not a few of them are enthusiastic
participants in the more bacchanalian rituals required by the
performance of Saturnal as well.

Harvest Moons

The warlike Harvest Moons are the ruthless strong right
arm of the Enlightened Society. Though hardly as savage and
bestial as their Garou Ahroun counterparts, the Harvest Moons
are nonetheless brutal fighters, effective when more subtle
action has failed to generate any effect.

There are relatively few Harvest Moons, as the Society
prefers to use more genteel methods. What this means, how-
ever, is that those few allowed to join the Society are true
warriors, willing to fight tooth and nail for the Society. A few
tarting their
own chapters and filling the ranks with thugs and bullies. To
the rest of the Society, the Harvest Moons are a necessary (and
sometimes useful) burden. To the Harvest Moons, they are an
underdeveloped and underutilized arm of the sect that could
accomplish so much more...

of these brutes have become veritable warlor

{ Charter of the Society
«We gather from the moon's lucent bounty s
A host of harvested boons: )

The Absent Moon offers wisdom and insight both forgotten and § 5)
unknown.
The Homed Moon offers the spirit ways and the. paths és ,
apportation.
The Balance Moon offers judgment and the triumph of insellece}
‘over emotion.
The Nascent Moon offers silver-tongued grace.
And the Harvest Moon offers strength and prowess. fe
These we pledge to use for the betterment of men. \
These we pledge to use against those who occlude our goals.
These we pledge to use as the stars hang low in the sky and the
coarse howls of devils are heard from the hills.
A brotherhood we are, for only by standing united against our, {
opposition can we hope to attain prominence. (
— "Hezekiah's Chapter" from The Yellow Truths
A

Seminal Literature of the
Society

The mystics and followers of the Enlightened Society base
their occult beliefs on several important writings, all of which
smack of the Wyrm. Unfortunately, these works are neither
widely distributed nor easily recognized — they are as often
hand-copied editions as they are printed "books." As such,
many Garou do not recognize them, and thus an entire new
generation of subverted acolytes grows under their noses...

The Yellow Truths

Arguably the most fundamental of the Society's texts, The
Yellow Truths describes basic tenets that the sect upholds. It is
essentially a primer, filled with mystical psychobabble and a
hierarchy of morality "good" members swear to uphold. All the
rudiments of Weeping Moon membership are detailed exhaus-
tively in The Yellow Truths, and almost without exception,
every member owns a copy — even illiterate members.

The Goddard Rubric

Supposedly translated from a sheaf of ancient scrolls by
Aloysius Goddard in 1796, this book has quickly risen to
prominence among the intelligentsia of the Enlightened Soci-
ety. It describes an ancient sect of secret beings devoted to
"shepherding" the "children of Seth" through the trials and
tribulations of a terrible world besieged by mysterious mon-
sters. Those members who support this book believe that the
Enlightened Society is, by prophecy, an extension of these
mysterious shepherds, and only by exerting their influence
over mortal affairs can they hope to bring an end to these dark
times. Of course, the times which followed would surely be no

Werewolf: The Wild West


better for the average Savage West denizen, but at least the
Society would get their way....

Trismestigus

Occultists among the Enlightened Society of the Weeping
Moon draw many of their rituals and rites from the nefarious
book known as the Trismestigus. Practitioners of Saturnal
magic (see below) base many of their theories and experiments
upon the ideas established in this forbidding work. At once a
compilatior' of notes on hermetic magic, numerology, astrol-
ogy, agricultural witch-lore and sexual ritual, the Trismestigus
isalmost never seen outside the possession of a Weeping Moon
member. It has been decried as both heresy and pornography by
the Catholic Church, and, unlike other books in the Society's
libraries, is easily and universally recognized, as it bears a
distinctive sigil and black leather cover.

The Jeweler

Even among the wicked occultists of the Enlightened Soci-
ety, unrest boils just below the surface. Though The Jeweler is
proscribed reading for Society members, it has nonetheless
gained some status with young occultists. The main premise of
the manifesto is that the celestial body may be revered through
obtuse rituals involving the ashes of cremated human bodies.
Naturally, practices like these are hardly conducive to the air
of respectability that the Society tries to maintain. Still, The
Jeweler circulates, though those who subscribe to its doctrine

find themselves driven underground and actively chastised for'

their vulgar ways.
The Diaries of Zeerne

One of the most powerful books at the disposal of the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon, The Diaries of
Zeeme contains rules and formulae for summoning and con-
trolling Bane spirits. The Diaries have never actually been
printed on a press — every copy is a personalized and hand-
crafted labor of twisted love. Many Society occultists actually
go so far as to encode their copies of the manuscript, thereby
discouraging would-be thieves and overeager acolytes from
stealing the book (which would be worthless without the code
key) and usurping their power. Only the most accomplished of
magicians can even hope to comprehend the Diaries; learning
anything from the maleficent work requires an Occult Trait of

5;

Saturnal

Saturnal is the ritual form of "magic" practiced by certain
members of the Society of the Weeping Moon. It's secrets are
highly guarded, and those who wield the powers of Saturnal are
afforded great status by other members of the Society.

Very few members actually possess the ability to learn
Saturnal; it is only available to followers of the Horned Moon
and the Nascent Moon. The former use this ritual magic to
commune with and coerce spirits, while the latter use it mainly
to uncover secrets and unearth hidden knowledge.

Saturnal is something best left in the hands of Storyteller
characters. It is unlikely (unless you are playing a game in
which the players assume the roles of the Enlightened Society
members) that players' characters will have any knowledge of
this proprietary magic. In truth, unless they have actually dealt
with the Weeping Moons before, it is unlikely that the charac-
ters will have even heard of the effects of this mystic path. Thus,
Saturnal is an excellent opportunity to scare the characters
with a fear of the unknown, for who knows what secrets and
powers these witches wield?

pits -

Oh, Cod, Mot Another ‘rit!

Relax. Storytellers who have familiarity with other
White Wolf games will likely recognize similarities be- |
tween Saturnal and Hedge Magic.

Saturnal is actually a Path of Hedge Magic, though
most who practice it learn no other Paths (though some
Weeping Moons learn the alternate path of Saturnal in

addition to the one they began with). Rather than intro- ,
\ duce all the basic rules for Hedge Magic here, we simply
present the one most likely to be encountered in the
Savage West. Saturnal works just fine as presented here,
though Storytellers who wish to find more information on
Hedge Magic may find it in The Inquisition, W.O.D.
Sorcerer, Ascension's Right Hand and Liege, Lord and (
2 Lackey. .

nee -

Manes (Horned Moon
Saturnal)

This aspect of Saturnal grants control over the spirits of the
Storm Umbra. It is the more powerful of the two branches of
magic practiced by the Enlightened Society of the Weeping
Moon. It's rituals are commonly conducted under the watch-
ful eyes of the moon, far from the surveillance of suspicious
outsiders. Manes Saturnal draws heavily from ancient fertility
rites and, according to the magical theory of the Horned
Moons, literally uses the magician's virility asa beacon to draw
spirits. Rituals often involve agricultural items — sheaves of
wheat, scythesand sickles, the blood of oxen and horses —and
orgiastic sexual situations.

There's more to Manes that getting cornholed in an oat-
field, however. Spirits are a notoriously fickle and capricious
lot, and dealing with them requires tremendous skill and
savvy. Those who practice Manes Saturnal for the sole purpose
of satisfying their sexual desires are in for a shocking surprise,
as the spirits will gladly drag an unprepared summoner off to
the nether world...

Chapter Three: Antagonists

\


SR

System: Unless stated otherwise, the difficulty to imple-
ment these powers is equal to the level of the power being used
+4. Enacting the power any time other than when one is under
the moon and committing a sexual act increases the difficulty

by 2.
¢ Summon Spirit

This power allows the Weeping Moon to call forth a spirit.
It does not grant control over that spirit, although some are
predisposed toward giving information and may converse
freely with the summoner (as per the Level One Theurge Gift:
Spirit Speech).

System: The Storyteller rolls the character's Charisma +
Occult (difficulty 8, though it drops to 6 if a specific spirit is
summoned). The spirit may resist with a Willpower roll.
Success indicates that the spirit must answer the summons.
The number if successes denotes how willingly the spirit
answers the call: One success means the spirit is uncooperative
and eager to leave while five successes means the spirit is
friendly and gladly imparts all he knows or acts to the letter of
the summoner's request.

A summoned spirit must remain in the presence of the
summoner for 10 minutes, though it need not cooperate. A
friendly spirit may stay in the vicinity even after the summons
has expired.

¢ Command Spirit
The summoner may now command spirits to do her will.

This power only affects spi
moned or are in the immediate vicinity.

s that have already been sum-

System: The Storyteller rolls Charisma + Intimidation.
The spirit may resist with a Willpower roll. If the summoner is
successful, she may command the spirit to perform any one
task, lasting up to a duration of the remainder of the summons.
The number of successes on the roll indicates how enthusias-
tically the spirit undertakes its quest. One success means the
spirit is unwilling and performs a lackluster job while five
successes completely subjugates the spirit's will, and itperforms
the task to the best of its ability.

* Beyond Death's Door

At this level, the summoner is no longer limited to simple
nature spirits and denizens of the Middle Umbra. He may freely
interact with the restless shades of the dead.

System: There is no real system for this level of power. It
affords the summoner the ability to use levels one and two of
Saturnal on wraiths in addition to the "normal" occupants of
the spirit world. Note that wraiths occupy a different portion
ofthe Umbra and may not freely interact with other, nonwraith
spirits.

Se

ZLLL

Fortune

The summoner may gather about her the spirits of good luck
and fortune. She becomes, from the point of view ofa "normal"
onlooker, tremendously skilled and lucky with her undertak-
ings.

System: The Storyteller rolls Wits + Enigmas. Success
indicates that an entourage of luck-spirits surrounds the sum-
moner, bathing her in their fortuitous presence. For the duration
of the scene, the summoner (or a single subject of her choice)
gains three dice to all Dice Pools. These three dice should be
rolled separately, as ones are treated as simple failures rather
-canceling botches. Fortune may only be used
once per scene.

than succes

Ravage

This is truly a horrible power, for it allows the Weeping
Moon to bring the full wrath of the spirits down upon her foes.
Angry spirits literally descend upon the target, racking it with
fearsome force and damaging it's core being. Entire crop fields
have been razed by this power, and no few enemies of the
Enlightened Society have met their ends and the talons of
vengeful spirits.

System: The Storyteller rolls Manipulation + Occult and
spends a Willpower point for the character invoking this
power. The subject, whether an individual, an area or an
inanimate object immediately suffers a number of damage dice
(difficulty 6) equal to [5 + the number of success on the
activation roll]. The destructive potential for this power is truly
amazing, especially when it is used numerous times...

To those who are unaware of the presence of spirits, this
power is even more terrifying, as the affected person or area
seems to just wither away with no visible cause.

Anima {Nascent Moon
Saturnal}

Anima deals with unearthing the secrets of the soul. It does
ith conscious, physical
beingsand theiremotions. As Animais less broad and powerful
than Manes, it does not require all the mystical trappings and
vulgar sexual practices of the latter. Anima only affects "mor-
tals" and un-Awakened individuals; it's powers are too petty to
Garou, mages, changelings,

not deal as much with spirits as it does

be of consequence to vampir

etc.

System: Unless stated otherwise, the difficulty to imple-
ment these powers is equal to the level of the power being used
+ 4, The subject may spend a Willpower point and ignore the
effects of a single use of Anima Saturnal.

* Soul Reading

This power allows the user to discern peculiarities of the
subject's person. Such subtleties as whether or not the person

Werewolf: The Wild West


FEEL.

SAAN

is lying, indications as to her true personality and her moods are
easily readable to the Weeping Moon.

System: The Storyteller rolls Perception + Empathy. Each
success garners the user one "facet" of information of the
subject's being — her Nature, Demeanor, mood, whether or
not she is insane, etc. Note that the fact that these powers do
not work on supernatural characters is often revealing in and
of itself...

°e Verse of Man

The language barrier is no obstacle to a Weeping Moon
using Verse of Man. This power "translates" all statements into
the native language of the user. Though it does not allow the
user to speak the foreign language, she may understand any-
thing that is said or written.

System: The Storyteller rolls Intelligence + Linguistics (at
+2 difficulty if the user is reading written words rather than
hearing spoken ones). This power lasts one full scene.

Silver-Tongued Devil

This power makes everything the speaker says pleasing to
her audience's ears. Everyone within hearing range is affected,
though each person may not "hear the same thing." For
example, while the Silver-Tongued Devil says "Vote for me
because I'm the best candidate," a farmer might hear "Vote for
me because I'll cut agriculture taxes," while a woman might

hear "Vote for me because I support the suffrage movement."
In any event, the effect achieved is a favorable one.

System: The Storyteller rolls Charisma + Empathy against
a difficulty equal to the highest Willpower score among his
audience. Success indicates that he has wooed the crowd
(though unaffected individuals like Garou see through the
charade), and all Social rolls for the remainder of the scene are
at -2 difficulty.

¢ The Darkest Plum
Using this power probes the darkest recesses of the subject's
soul. In essence, itasks the question "What is the one thing that

you most do not want me to know?" The frightening aspect is
that it answers the question thoroughly. This power is fre-
quently used to root out traitors and spies within the Society's
midst, but it is useful in other venues as well. Some members,
having ingratiated themselves in affairs outside the Society,
use this power to uncover conspiracies against their companies
or even the government.

System: The Storyteller rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge.
Success imparts the information magically to the user, leaving
the subject oblivious to the fact that his mind has been
pillaged.

* Revelation

Often mistaken for other forms of divination, the Revela-
tion is one of the most powerful secret-finding techniques in

the Enlightened Society's repertoire. By simply handling some-
thing with a "mystic link" to its "parent," the Weeping Moon
may accurately determine the location of the greater object. A
lock of hair may be used to find an individual, while a page from
a long-lost book may be used to divine its whereabouts. There
is practically no limit to the range of this power, other than the
skill of the practitioner.

System: The Storyteller rolls Wits + Occult and spends a
Willpower point for the character invoking Revelation. Suc-
cess indicates the location of the object or person in question,
though it's accuracy is limited by the degree of success on the
roll, as determined by the table below.

Range (The object is only found if it is
Within the county

Within the state or small country
Within a large country

Successes

In the same hemisphere

Ubwnre

Anywhere on Earth

The Rogue's Gallery

What follows is a collection of character template sugges-
tions. Remember that these are just guidelines; feel free to
toughen up or weaken these templates as your chronicle
demands.

Lloyd Fairweather; Most Enlightened
Magister, the Grand Unveiler of Secrets

Yeah, right; like we're going to give you "official" stats for
this guy. If we did, your players would just kill him.
at it!

But if you wish to use Lloyd in your chronicles, hav
Be sure to give him appropriate Attributes and Abilities as befit
his station. His Saturnal scores, both in Manes and Anima, are
5. One thing to keep in mind about Mr. Fairweather is that he
is secretly a fomor (don't call him a mockery — if you do, he'll
eat your brain). Though he appears outwardly normal, he is in
fact host to an impressive array of mental powers that should
leave players slack-jawed with their power and versatility.
Some powers are listed in the main Werewolf: The Wild West
tulebook. Stranger and more esoteric powers (which are cer-
tainly appropriate for this fiend) may be found in Freak
Legion.

Circle of Stars Member

Though not the most powerful or prestigious of positions,
being on the Circle of Stars reflects a keen understanding of
mystical secrets and enough grace to make others realize that
he's the best man for miles around. The Circle of Stars member
has fought werewolves and vampires among more mundane
threats, so he knows what to expect of Garou whelps. Do they
know what to expect of him?

Chapter Three: Antagonists 51

S,

i\

=n


Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expression 3,
Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 4, Leader-
ship 4, Melee 2, Performance 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2, Culture 4,
Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Law 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 5,
Politics 4

Special Abili Saturnal (Manes or Anima) 5
Willpower 8
Slick Malviosin

Dapper and cunning, these folks are the up-and-comers in
the Enlightened Society hierarchy. Whether this is a shrewd
banker ora respected high-Society madam, you'd better not let
your guard down or you'll be addressed like any other problem
— by getting rid of you.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 5,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3,
Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Performance 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 1, Culture 4, Law 2, Linguistics 2, Occult 4,
Science 1

Special Abilities: Saturnal (Manes or Anima) 3

Willpower 7

Horned Moon Revealer of Mysteries

These newly established Weeping Moons are dangerous
foes indeed because they possess the ability to turn the spirits
against an incautious foe. While typically none too physically
formidable, the dark powers at the Horned Moon's disposal are
enough to give an experienced Garou pause.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Expression 2,
Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Perfor-
mance 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1, Culture 3, Enigmas 1,
Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Politics 2
Special Abilities: Manes Saturnal 2

Willpower 6

Harvest Moon Bravo

The warrior class of the Enlightened Society of the Weep-
ing Moon is a diverse and skilled group. Nevertheless, they
have numerous things in common, not the least of which are
bad tempers, mile-wide vicious streaks and a hatred for those
damn werewolves who stalk the nights of the Savage West.
They may be carrying any complement of weaponry from dull
knives to top-of-the-line firearms.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Charisma 2,
Manipulation 1, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

SS

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimi-
dation 4, Larceny 2, Subterfuge 1, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Ride 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2

Willpower 5

Using the Enlightened
Society in a Chronicle

There are several elements that combine to make the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon a very real threat
to not only the security of the Garou way of life, but to the
general well-being of Gaia herself. The fact that the Society
wishes to eradicate Garou presence is key, as is their agenda to
assume control of the Savage West (and then some...) one bit
at a time. Their blasphemous adoption of the auspice system
also infuriates the Garou, as does their subtle but nonetheless
powerful link to the Wyrm. A Storyteller wishing to integrate
the Enlightened Society into her chronicles would do well to
keep a few dramatic devices regarding them in mind.

* The Society is Subtle

Members of the sect do not parade around in "I'm a mem-
ber!" T-shirts. Their involvement in any endeavor is usually
hidden by two or three attention-diverting layers of red her-
rings. Players' Garou will no doubt have to dig their way to the
bottom of many false fronts before finding the true malignancy
at work. Even those efforts publicly supported by the Enlight-
ened Society will be "hidden in plain sight" as it were, behind
such admirable causes as progressive movements and charity.
It is for this very society is held in such high
esteem — the bad things they do are hidden and the good
things are brought to the fore.

* The Society is Creepy

This element should become woefully obvious to those who

ason that the $

observe their arcane and unsettling rituals. These are not
mindless, lunatic cultists; these are fanatic Wyrm-thralls con-
ducting hideous rites. Nothing they do is ultimately good for
the world, and their gatherings reveal this. Different chapters
conduct their affairs in different ways: While one group may
ceremoniously slaughter a goat during an eclipse, another may
fornicate wildly with spirit-monsters conjured forth from the
darker corners of the Umbra. A pervasive sense of malignancy
should accompany interactions with members of the Society.
After all, their very presence serves to corrupt the Earth.

* The Society is Smart

The Enlightened Society, when confronted with an oppo-
nent, will try to work against that opponent without implicating
themselves. The Society does not mobilize armies against their
foes. They may send a skilled and anonymous assassin in the
night, or they may flex their legal muscle to foreclose on a
character's property. They may racketeer business away from
profitable rivals or burn offensive (to them, at least) crop fields.
Andafter everything is said and done, they'll cover their asses.
For example, they may rep.

a saloon or brothel, demolish

Werewolf: The Wild West


it, and then build an orphanage (placed, of course, to covertly
launder money or take advantage of the children for rituals) on
top. Who will be left smelling like a rose? The Society, of

course.

* The Society is Savvy Old Money

High Society is the playground of the Enlightened Society.
Characters who butt heads with the sect may likely find
themselves blackballed and onerously excluded from social
events. Contacts will be hard to come by or may not even fully
trust the characters — because their allegiance has been
bought out by better company. Business may dry up for some-
one who stands against the order, as customers will have found
somewhere more fashionable to shop. All the while, the
Weeping Moons will be laughing as they toast champagne to
the demise of another gauche upstart.

* The Society is Different

Many of the things members of the Enlightened Society
take for granted are at least odd and at most unthinkable by

"normal" people. This may manifest as anything as simple as

odd, mounted animal skeletons around the home or uncon-
ventional sexual preferences to basements filled with corpses
or bottled demons as coffee table ornaments. The bottom line
is that the Society prefers to do things its own a
anyone who would prevent them. Eccentricity
part of the Society's progressive outlook, as is diversity. This
doesn't have anything to do with actual acceptance of or
enthusi:
all the able bodies it can muster.

m for others' cultures as much as it does with needing

This is because, scariest of all...

* The Society is Sincere

The Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon wholly
believes that it does what it does for the betterment of the
world. They truly believe that they are the harbingers of anew
and prosperous era. Members would willingly lay down their
lives for the good of the organization, and the seeds of this
fanaticism are carefully ingrained through their indoctrina-
tion. No one ever leaves the Society —at least not if they want
to live thereafter.



err)

A long time ago my father told me what his father told him, that there was once
a Lakota holy man, called Drinks Water, who dreamed what was to be; and this was
long before the coming of the Wasichus. He dreamed that the four-leggeds were going
back into the earth and that a strange race had woven a spider's web all around the
Lakotas. And he said: "When this happens, you shall live in square gray houses, in
a barren land, and beside those square gray houses you shall starve."

— Black Elk Speaks, as told through John Neihardt

This Appendix is designed to offer the Storyteller a little
more information to help keep games running smoothly. For
one, there's an expanded timeline, complete with dates that
players probably shouldn't know. There's also a firearms chart
much expanded from that in the main rulebook (guns are a big
part of the Wild West genre), and a section detailing how the
Savage West turns out, at least in official World of Darkness
continuity.

Appendix: Odds and Ends

Of course, none of this can really compare with a good
dollop of research. Having the statistics fora gun aren't quite
the same thingas being able to recognize it in Clint Eastwood's
hand, or realizing what sort of role it played in changing the
course of a war. Therefore, Storytellers are encouraged to hit
the local libr: a look in history
books if any tidbits from the timeline or other details of life
in the West seem intriguing. Admittedly, much of Werewolf:
The Wild West is fictional — but an equal portion's histori-
cal, and there's nothing like being the final arbiter of what
really happened to Billy the Kid in your game.

before a game and hav


1796— Laurent de Merforms Enlightened Society of
the Weeping Moon in France.
1797 — Laurent de Mer exiled from. France; flees to
America ~
1811 — William Fiche Harrison defeats Tecumseh
* at Tippecanoe; Shogecka Hunter Moon wanders west-
ward in Harano.
f 1821 — The Jeweler becomes proscribed reading for
Enlightened Society members
1827 — Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, is established to
protect those using the Santa Fe and Oregon-California
Trails.
1830s — Storm Eater is released.
1830 — Nathaniel Wyeth brings first emigrants over
Oregon Trail.
1836 —Santa Ana's forces overwhelm the Alamo; all
defenders choose death rather than SurrenderTexas and
California declare independence from Mexico."

WEpaheSA Timetne ee)

Levi Strauss proditces first pair of denim pants for alifornia
miners. '

1854 —Cholera epidemic rages along the Santa Fe Trail;
some native ttibes almost wiped out by the disease. 1

1858 —U.S, and Mormons settle their differences. Gold
is discovered in Colorado. Butterfield's stagecoach company 4
begins first fail and passenger service to the WestCoast from
Missouri. , ©

1859 © Comstock Lode in' Neva discovered, Onsen
becomes a state.

1860— Pony Express begins. Gold found in Idaho

186f — Abraham Lincoln inaugurated. The War Be=

* tween the States (the Civil War) begins. Transcontinental

telegraph erected; the Pony Express becomes obsolete. Kan-
sas becomes'a state. 4
1862 — Homestead Act grants 160 acres of public land to" ,
settlers who reside there for five years and make "improve-
‘ments to the land:" Wendigo support Sioux uprising inj

1837 — Samuel Morse files for patent on his tele- "Minnesota. Emancipation Proclamation issued.

graph.
1838 — Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon
(Opens lodges in California and Oregon.
1840s — Ukteha and: Wendigo Theurges begin to
[sense disturbances across the Umbra.
_ 1846=— United States declares war against Mexico.
_ Under pressure from veiled threats of war, Britain cédes
| half of the Oregon Territory to the United States. Potato,
famine in Ireland brings. many Irish immigrants to U.S:
, 1847 — Mormons, led by Brigham Young, reach the
Great Salt Lake.
1848 — Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo gives over ong
million square miles of land; includingiall or part of the
future states of California, New Mexico; Arizona, Utah,

Nevada and Colorado, to the United States. Gold is,

discovered at Sutter's,Mill, California. »

1849.— GoldiRush to California begins. The Chey-
enne lose almosthalf their population todisease-Laurent
de Mer (over 100 yearS old. at this point) vanishes

Fete Lloyd Fairweather takés over " ditectorship of
Enlightened Society:
1850s — Vampires become present in the: West in
iter numbers, implying a uae from the Old
Mo
1850 — California enters thie Union'as a Free State.
New Mexico and Utah become tetritoriés (nd mention is
made of their free or slave status) Pinkerton' 's National
Détective Agere founded. » .
1853 — Washington Territory established. Gasden
Purchase gives US. land in Arizona. and New Mexico.

1863 — Construction to link CentralPacificind Union.
Pacific Railroads begins. Kit Carson defeats Navajos; expedi-
tions against Sioux and Cheyenne: William Clarke Quantrill's
guerillas sack Lawrence; Kansas; killing some 150 civiliatis. q

1864 — Nevadarbecomes a state; Montana becomes a!
territory. The U.S. Cavalry attacks 4 peaceful Cheyenne"
village at Sand Creek, Colorado, murdering 200 men, women
and children; Cheyenne retaliate| Bogeman Trail opens.

1865 — Civil War ends; Reconstruction of the defeated
South begins, as does southem ‘emigration westward, John,
Wilkes: Booth assassinates Lincoln. Jeremiah Tassaten, and.
partners incorporate into Prentium Oil:

f866 — In Liberty, Missouri, ex-Confederate outlaws >
commit first peacetime bank robbery in U.S., leading to birth,
of James- Younger gang. Red Cloud leads war in- Wyoming;
Red Cloud and Crazy Horse force abandgnment'of Bozeman:
Trail anid forts*Sioux massacré the Fetterman command.
prompting full-scale retaliation. * 7

1867,— Nebraska becomes'a states First major cattle drive j
leaves Texas; arrives iri Abilene, Kansas. ,

1868-69 — Southern'Plains War ends in Indian defeat.

1868—First practical typewriter invented. ae. |

1869 + Central Pacific and Unien Pacific join at Ptom-
ontory Point, Utah. Ulysses $: Grant becomies president. -

1871 — Indian Apprdpriation Act nullifies all treaties,
making Native Americans "wards of the nation."

1872 — Modoc Indian War ‘begins. Dodge City, the 4

"Bibulous Babylon. of the Plains)" founded. |
1872-74— Professional buffal*hunters decimate bison}
herds, ‘illings Over four million,- ~ 4


1873 — Barbed wire invented. Levi Strauss and Jacob
Davis patent blue jeans. Colt .45 singlé-action released. En-
«,.. lightened Society of the Weeping Moon begins an "enrollment

drive"; membership soon soars to over one thousand full-
© fledged participants.
1874 — Custer reports finding gold in the Black Hills.
Final defeat of Southern Plains tribes.
1875 — Death of Cochise. The Uktena barely prevent the
Storm Eater from releasing a second great Wyrm-creature like
itself.
1876 — Chief Joseph's Nez Perces ordered onto réserva-
tion. Lt. Colonel George A. Custer's Seventh Cavalry killed
© at Little Bighorn. Colorado becomes state. Elisha Grey and
Alexander Graham Bell simultaneously invent the telephone;
Bell wins the patent.
j 1881 — The famous O.K. Corral shoot-out takes place in
Tombstone, Arizona. Pat Garrett kills Billy. the Kid. P.T.
\° Barnum and J.A, Bailey create the "Greatest Show on Earth."
1882 — Two Moons Pack formied.
i 1883 — Northern Pacific Railroad completed; by now
|, several railroads crisscross the-West including the Southern
E ‘Pacific, Texas Pacific and Atchison, Topeka:and Santa Fe
Railroad. Buffalo Bill Cody starts bis first- Wild West show.

_« Press. accident.

1885 —Geronimo's final raids. Changing legisla-
ture ends the yearly cattle drives to Dodge City, ending
the city's glory years.

1886— Surrender of Geronimo. )

1889 — The Two Moohs Pack brings back the Rite
of Still Skies from the Heavens, 3

1890 — Bureau of Census officially'declares the
frontier closed (defining the "frontier" as anyarea where
there are less than two settlers per square mile; no such
place is left). Indian Wars effectively end with the
slaughter of 200 Sioux men, women and children at
Wounded Knee, South Dakota. The sacrifice of the
Thirteen seals the Storm Eater on¢e more. Indian Ter-
ritory redefined as Oklahonia' Territory

1891 — Lloyd Fairweather dies in curious printing

1892 —Jeremiah Lassater makes his proverbial "deal
with the Devil," granting a Wyrm-creature control of
Prespium Oil.

1913.— The last'anyone hears of the Enlightened
Societ¥ of the Weeping Moon. les coffers raided, oceult
libraries plundered and allies scattered, the sect dies an
ignominious death as members of the different Moons
undertake their own endeavors.


CX)

Expanded Weapons Chart

as wild and lawless as the Savage West, violence is bound to break out sometime. The following chart expands upon
the basic weapon information presented in Werewolf: The Wild West. You never know what you enemy may be pointing at

you under the Faro table, but knowing what his options are may help.
Some models have different statistics for the same gun than are listed in Werewolf: The Wild West. These guns are
manufactured in different years, or are upgraded models.

Type Difficulty Damage Range (Rounds) Concealment Year/Notes
i Holdout Pistols .

i Home-brew holdout 7 is 5 2(.36) Vv 1850
Colt Model 3 6 5 C 1(.41) Vv 1840.
Philadelphia Derringer 7 4 of 1(.41) Vv 1825 *
Spies Concealable 7 4 10 1(.38) Cc 1850
Barns Boot Pistol 7 6 5 1(.50) Co 1850
Remington Elliot 7 s) 5 5(.22), Vv 1860
Remington Derringer 5 4 10 2(.41) Vv 1865 over & under |
Reid's "My Friend"* x) 3 5 5(.32) v 1860 knuckle duster
"The Protector" 6 3 5 1:22) Vv 1893 palm gun
"Wesson" Derringer 6 3 5 3(.22), Vv 1860 three barrel pistol
Sharps Derringer 6 3 it 4(.22) Vv 1860 four barrel pistol |
Single Shot Pistols
Generic single shot 7 5 20 1(.50) c 1810
Hawken Pistol i 5 25 1(.50) C 1806
Kentucky Flintlock 7 6 20 1(.58) Cc 1821
Le Page Duelers 6 5 25 1(.45) & 1805 comés as a set
Harper's Ferry Flintlock 7 5, 15 1(.58) Se 1806 }
Single Action Pistols
Generic single action 7 6 30 6(.45) (oy 1850
S&W Schofield M3 6 5 30 6(.45) (} 1875 cavalry pistol
S&W Pocket 38 6 4 20 5(.38) v 1875
S&W Pocket .32 5 3 15 5(.32) Vv 1875
Colt Sheriff's Peacemaker 7 6 25 6(.45) S 1873 shortened barrel
Colt Peacemaker* 7 6 30 6(.45) (@ 1873
Colt .36 Navy 6 4 20 6(.36) ¢C. 1851
Colt .44 Army 7 5 25 6(.44) € 1851
Colt .44 Delux 6 Sy 25 6(.44) L 1860
Colt New Line Pocket 7 5 15 5(.41) v 1850
Colt Walker iY 5 25 6(.44) iF, 1847 9" barrel
Starr Arms Co. .44 7 5 20 6(.44) (o 1861
Remington .45 7 6 25 6(.45) L 1875 71/2" barrel
Remington Army Model 7 5 30 6(.44) Le 1858.8" barrel
Le Mat** 7 5/7 25/10 9/1(.44/.65)L 1860
Double Action Pistols
Generic double action 7 6 25 6(.45) Cc 1890
Starr Double Action Army 6 5 25 6(.44), Cc 1860 first double action
Colt Frontier 7 6 30 6(.45) Cc 1880
S&W Frontier 7 6 25 6(.44-40) 06 1886

58 Werewolf: The Wild West


Type

Rifles

Generic lever action
Generic muzzle-loader
Henry Repeater
Winchester Lever Action
Winchester Carbine
Mauser K98
Springfield Rifle
Springfield Carbine
Sharps

Hawken's Flintlock

Artillery Carbine

Squirrel Rifle

Shotguns
Sawed-off shotgun
American Arms
Remington Eight Gauge
Winchester M94

Special Weapons
Gatling Gun

Bow variable

Melee
Bayonet

Cavalry Saber
Bowie Knife

Difficulty Damage Range

DANRADR

8

SIC MODMDOI IA)

150
150
150
175
140
225,
200
175
230
100.
150

100
20
30

35
30

225

Strength + 2

Strength + 4
Strength * 1

(Rounds) Concealment

14(.44)
1(.50)
12(.44-40)
17(.44-40)
13(.44-40)
5(8mm)
1(.45-70)
1(.45)
1(.54)
1(.50)
1(.58)

1(.32)
2(12g)
2(12g)

2:

5(12g)
belt (.50)

nfa

Difficulty: The difficulty to hit a target at close range.

Damage: The base damage done on a successful hit.

ZPD. Ce Ge

Year/Notes

1880

1850 ~

1860

1866

1866

1898

1873 cavalry issue
1873 cavalry issue
1859 very accurate
1806

21861 Confederate
rifle

1820 flintlock
"varmint gun"

1860
1860
1850
1894 first pump

action.

1862 May only be"hip-
fired" in Crinos form
Attack suecessesdonot
add to damage dice

When attached to a
rifle; counts asa knife
otherwise

Big, bulky andeffective

Range: This can be doubled, but anything above what is listed here is considered a long-range shot. f
Rounds: The number of bullets a gun can hold. {
Concealment: V = can be hidden ina vest; C = can be hidden in a coat; L = can be hidden inside a longcoat ,
or duster; N = forget about hiding it.
{  *In 1873 Colt invented the metallic cartridge; this creation spelled doom for the cap and ball cartridges
used until this time.
. ** The Le Mat has two barrels; the top barrel fires the .44 pistol cartridge and the bottom barrel firesa.65
‘\ shot shell. This was used during the Civil War. ¢
{Entries labeled as "Home-brew" and "Generic" are an intriguing western phenomenon. Rather that
purchasing a gun at a store, a shootist may purchase a "kit" through mail-order and then assemble the gun 4
; himself. The "Generic" entries reflect such homemade weapons.
Appendix: Odds and Ends 59


SC

SSS

Destiny of the
West

Players already familiar with Werewolf: The Apocalypse
and the other modern-setting World of Darkness games may be
curious about a few little things — how the war with the Storm
Eater ends, why we haven't heard of the troubles of the Savage
West in the modern times, what happened to the Enlightened
Society of the Weeping Moon — that sort of thing. So, here's
something of a summation of how things turned out at the end
of the Wild West timeframe in the official World of Darkness.

The Storm Eater's depredations attract quite a bit of atten-
tion toward the later half of the century, but by then it's
become a problem of titanic proportions. As the encroaching
Weaver-energies stir up the Wyld, the Storm Eater finds plenty
of chaotic forces to sate its appetite. By the 1880s, the Eater is
aspiritual monster the size of a small mountain range, and the
Weaver-spirits it has grafted into itself have granted it a
measure of immunity to the Weaver's forces. It movesas it likes
across the Heavens, occasionally descending to the Middle
Lands, unhindered by the Pattern Web. Most Weaver-spirits
who encounter the Storm Eater falsely recognize it as one of
their number —after all, it does seem to be "binding" the Wyld
into submission.

The Rite of Still Skies

By the 1870s, most of the septs of Garou have realized the
true extent of the Storm Eater's power, but they find them-
selves relatively helpless against it. All that they can do is fight
off the great Weaver-Bane's misbegotten spawn, and do what
they can to heal the earth where its fetid touch has rested. As
a last-ditch attempt, the Uktena hold council with several of
the more level-headed European septs, explain the situation
and ask for their help in finding an answer. Galliards
legends and Theurges exchange occult theories, all in the
hopes of finding some answer.

Then, in December of 1889, the multi-tribal Two Moons
Pack returns from an extended foray into the Heavens. Al-
though they never fully explain the details of their quest, the
pack shares their discovery with the rest of the Garou — the
Rite of Still Skies. The rite, apparently taught to the pack by
no less than an unnamed Incarna, is revealed to have the power
to injure, weaken and bind the Storm Eater itself.

yap old

However, such a rite has a terrible cost. Not only would the
rite need to be enacted simultaneously at 13 separate caerns,
but one of the greatest heroes of each tribe would have to
sacrifice his life to lend the rite power. Still, desperation and
courage drive the werewolves to a quick decision, and the
Thirteen — Rank 6 Garou, one and all — volunteer them-
selves before a month passes. Mournful but vitalized with anew
hope, the werewolves make plans to enact the Rite of Still
Skies once the heavens are in conjunction.

At about the same time, however, a new idea begins sweep-
ing across the Indian tribes. The rumor spreads that if the tribes
performed a special new ceremony, they would return their
dead ancestors to life, as well as bringing back the buffalo in
force and driving away the white man forever. Soon, Sitting
Bull and his band are making ceremonial shirts for this cer-
emony that were intended to protect their wearers from gunfire.
When the U.S. authorities learn of this ceremony, they call it
the "Ghost Dance" —and it worried them. They blame Sitting
Bull for the "unrest," and send Indian police to deal with him.
Sitting Bull is killed in the resulting shoot-out.

The werewolves themselves largely dismiss the Ghost Dance
as a human superstition; many even suggest that the Ghost
Dance rumor was started by Uktena or Wendigo Kinfolk who
heard about the Rite of Still Skies, and misinterpreted the rite's
fabled effects. Although some Pure Ones cubs throw their
support behind the Ghost Dancers, most Garou concern them-
selves with the problem of the Storm Eater. However, the
Ghost Dance draws plenty of attention from the "wise ones,"
the Namers — the mages. Some of these Dreamspeakers enter
the Dance and attempt to work the Ghost Dance into a reality.
Othe: s
attempt to channel the Storm Eater's energies through the
Dance to remake the West in their own image.

The Final Battle

Finally, the Storm Eater itself enters the Middle Lands and
charges into the Penumbra, surrounded by its lesser children.

, more sinister shamans in the Wyrm's own service, also

As it approaches, Silent Strider messengers race from caern to
caern, warning the thirteen chosen septs. As the moon rises on
the evening of December 28, 1890, the thirteen septs begin the
Rite of Still Skies with one voice. Across the land, the
werewolves stand almost totally unified, beating back the
myriad spirit-minions that seek to spoil the rite. At the climax
of the ceremony, the thirteen chosen heroes give their life-
power over into the last truly powerful caern-web. The spirits
respond to their sacrifice with a spirit-power surge of immense
proportions, stripping the Storm Eater of its Weaverand Wyld-
got strength and burying it once more, miles below the land.

Tragically, the very next day is stained by the massacre at
Wounded Knee; en route to Fort Cheyenne, fighting breaks
out between Chief Big Foot's followers and their escort of 450
alrymen. About 150 Sioux men, women and children are
killed and eventually thrown into a mass grave. The Indian
one-sided as ever. Uktena and Wendigo
both how! their grief into the skies, and swear that they would
not openly fight the white man again.

The Set of the Weeping Moon

The Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon, one of the
greatest, subtlest powers of the time, is fated for a rather more
ignominious end. The imprisonment of the Storm Eater cuts
off much of the spiritual power the Society was able to draw on.

c

wars end at last,


Not too long after, in February of 1891, Lloyd Fairweather is
accidentally pulled into a printing press in the St. Louis offices.
Although he is not immediately killed, Fairweather's arm is
horribly mangled, and the treatments of the local doctors do
little more than spread infection. He dies after three days of
fever dreams and delirious nightmares.

With Fairweather's death, the Society loses much of its
drive and focus. Eventually, its various subgroups splinter away
and embark on their own projects — usually meeting with little
success. John Frederick Harris, head of the Harvest Moon, had
long been of the opinion that the Society's machinations were
far too subtle to work against the Garou. He leads most of the
Harvesters on more blatant missions and caern raids against
the werewolves of Gaia; they are promptly slaughtered by the
infuriated packs, who are happy to set aside their mourning to
exact some quick vengeance.

True to their name, the Absent Moon vanishes entirely
over the space of a year, and are never heard from as a group
again. The Horned Moon throw themselves further into occult
research, hoping to find a way to draw more power from a
mightier patron. Their numbers are eventually whittled away
as members descend into Hives or long-forgotten subterranean
passages, never to return to the surface. The Nascent Moon
dissolves quickly enough, as its members return to rabble-
rousing and politics, sometimes achieving a fair measure of
success. And the Balance Moon, with no Society left to police
or adjudicate, are left without a purpose. Many of their mem-
bers die penniless and cold — and, several would argue,
deservedly so.

As the Society begins to break up, deserting members
pillage its treasury and embez:
money to sustain Society activities, their literature goes out of
print and politicians snub their once-bedfellows. By 1913, the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon is nothing more
than a footnote in the history books. Although undoubtedly
some descendants of original members or devotees of their old
publishings survive to this day, it's highly unlikely that any of
them retain even fraction of the power that once belonged to
the Weeping Moon.

End of the Savage West

As the frontier vanishes and the Savage West becomes less
savage, the Garou themselves, for the most part, speak little of
the time of the Storm Umbra. With the exception of the
Uktena and Wendigo, the tribes pass on the lore of these times
only to their wisest Galliards, thus ensuring that their lessons
are not forgotten — but that their shame will not burn so

brightly.
The Rise of New Evils

Unfortunately, it isn't very long before a new entity steps
into the void of Wyrm-power left by the Storm Eater. In 1892,
Jeremiah Lassater hears reports of difficulties at a new drill site

le its hoarded resources. With no

Appendix: Odds and Ends

of his company, Premium Oil. After the fifth fatal accident,
Lassater decides to visit the site to give it a bit of hands-on
management. While there, he examines the newly bored
tunnel — only to discover that his miners have awakened a
great servitor of the Wyrm, still bound by ancient wards but
also still in possession of its mental powers. To save his own life,
Lassater offers it control of Premium Oil through himself as a
proxy. The creature accepts, perhaps sensing the potential in
this company's resources and influence.

In 1913, the Premium Oil Board of Directors officially
changes the company's name to Pentex Incorporated.

Errata

Damn, son; you'd fergetcher head if it weren't screwed on so
tight.

— Earl Cotten, Bone Gnawer Ahroun

What can we say? A few...mistakes...slipped through the
cracks as Werewolf: The Wild West went out the door. The
responsible parties have been delivered to the Enlightened
Society of the Weeping Moon for use in the
organization's...er...fertility rites.

Single- Versus Double-Action

Single-action pistols require their user to re-cock them after
every shot. Double-action pistols automatically advance the
cylinder after every shot. In short, you can only fan (see
Werewolf: The Wild West, page 238) a single-action pistol.
Well, you can fan a double-action pistol if you want, but it's
kind of stupid. Just like us.

Owl Totem

Owl, the SilentStrider tribal totem, was accidentally dropped
from the totem section. He appears here in Frontier Secrets on
page 13, and he says he's sorry, but he just had to go to the snack
machine.

Night of the Living XX

One of those horrendous little "page xx's" slipped in. It's on
page 96. It should refer you to page 111-112.


SEWIEDY WEST

It's the Savage West,
Tenderfoot!

The world of Werewolf: The Wild West isa fearsome

and dangerous place. Texas Tarantulas and Storm Eater A
spirit minions are everywhere, while the Enlightened Society \ a
of the Weeping Moon converts its followers under night skies. =). 9
How's a Storyteller supposed to tie all the elements of the Min
Savage West together? With the help of Frontier Secrets, of 4
course! Seat
Frontier Secrets includes}! a
A durable screen that contains.a plethora-of reference
_ information in one convenient location;

© Secret Storytellers-only stuff printed herein to keep it out of
the players'-grubby mitts:
~ © Awealth of extra Gifts, fetishes, antagonists, other Changing ~— — =
Breeds and other sundry items-to add- oh and detail to any hE a a
Werewolt: The Wild West chronicle... aaa =} =

+

ISBN 1-56504-341-3
WW3701 $15.00 U.S.

ERE

II
