# File: Gangrel.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ic
Ss
=
i?)
=
=
3
=
=
a
wi
=
:
-
=
=
es
Ss
=
Cy
2
s
Ss
7)
<


From the Forests of Mystery

Inthe heart ofnature, the supernatural roamsfree.
ByBrad Freeman

© 1993 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction

without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Players may

reproduce the character sheets for personal use only.


Theeyes watch youas you walk, measuring your
every move. You know they're outthere,

somewher

g. You

and the thoughtis notcomfortir

speedup, slow down, stop. go, butthey'restill there.

watchingand waiting

Aslightrustle to your left grabs yourattention, and
youspin—only tofindnothing. Butthey're there.
Youmove on, and the rustling beginsagain, Again
youstop, with the same result. You begin running.

fleeing, screaming ... and then, no more.

Special Thanks To:

Mark "Riding Hood" ReineHagen, fortumninglittle
andred when his grandmacamea-knockin'.
Stewart "Hawker" Wieck, for hisreactionto going
toallthe local basketball games.

Ken "Upwardly Mobile" Cliffe, forhis promotion
—nowhe'sthe only Coordinated Developer we
have.

Josh "ExtortedandContorted" Timbrook, forthe
sacrifices he makes to get top-notch artwork.

Wes "St. Nick" Harris, for whathe better bring us
afterhis Christmas trip to England.

René "Needle and Thread" Lilly, for popping her
buttons ‘cause Dougie'sin town.

Rob "Worse than Dogs" Hatch, forhisculinary
expertise.

Travis "Vacation Man" Williams, for missing his
flightand then getting rained on five outof seven

Credits
Written by: Brad Freeman
Developed by: Andrew Greenberg
Edited by: AlaraRogers
ArtDirector: Richard Thomas
Art: John Bridges, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Cover: Timothy Bradstreet, Grant Goleash
Production: RichardThomas
Back Cover: Chris McDonough, Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook
Character Sheet: Andrew Greenberg, Richard
Thomas

This book is dedicated to Hunter S.Thompson-
poet, playwright and statesman - who was its
inspiration.

daysin "sunny California."

Andrew "Stinky" Greenberg, for putting long back
hair—Imeanlong hairbackinstyle.

Richard "Norman Rockwell" Thomas, forhis all-
American Christmascard.

Sam "Norman Bates" Chupp, for whathis
Christmas cards shouldhavelookedlike.

Chris "Junior" McDonough, fornow we know
where he gets his mouth from.

William "Fanboy" Hale, forfinagling asecondhand
Ice-T autograph.
Bill"Popped" Bridges, forenjoying Ice-T forthe
firsttime (he almostmadeitinto the pit).

Benjamin "Friendly Fire" Monk, Jr.,forsending
uptrial balloons when Billis around,

Lyndi "The Professional" Hathaway, forcarrying
herloser partnerin Four-Square.

Alara "Domestic Violence" Rogers, for what's
gonna happen toher fiance ifhe keeps applying for
the samejobshe' s after.

PUBLISHING

© 1993, 1997, 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
‘Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West and Clanbook Gangrel are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these
pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and
themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.

‘Check out White Wolf online at

hitp://www.white-wolf.com; alt. games.whitewolf and

rec games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.


tt

Cable fC seca

lan Gangrel
a

2.0ther

Chapter J Cemplates

Appendix: Gangrel of Note
DP iyo

ee


ntroduction:

~~

he Book of
lan Gangrel

by Lord Ashton
( Edited and with an introduction by Dr. Raoul King )

Forewarned

by Dr. Raoul King

First, let me just say how oh-so-very grateful I am to my
alleged sire for letting me write this. Most guys who've only
been dead as long as I have don't get to say much around the
really moldy types.

Second, I'd like to thank the son of a bitch for going
anarch on us, therefore leaving it to me to finish his ever-so-
perfect monograph. Dammit, leaving chewed-on,

blood-encrusted tapes lying around to be tuned into manu-
scripts is my job! At least the bloodsucking bastard talks
better than I do. Hell, he tells the truth neater than I lie.
Third, I'd like to apologize for the language in this damn
thing. His, not mine. Ashton may talk like a guerrilla phi-
losopher most of the time, but put a pen in his hand and he
gets positively academic. It's the British public schools that

——————

7

Introduction


do that to you. I've tried to cut the worst of it, but bear with
hhim when he gets rolling. For my language, I don't apologize,
unless you're seeing a lot of asterisks and s***, in which case
I've been edited again, dammit!

Not to put too fine a point on it, but ifyou're reading this,
you're probably dead, and you probably don't know a whole
hellofalotabout what's goingon. Ashtonstarted thisproject

Preface

as away tohelp orient you sorry bastards. Of course, when he
bled medry (c. 1968), he'd only barely begun, sol didn'thave
the benefit ofhis wisdom. You, on the otherhand, get his and
mine. Lucky you.

by Ashton

Welcome, neonate!

Though you may not understand how or why, you have
been granteda great gift. You are immortal, and the problems
of living lay behind you. You will discover new problems, of
course, but you will also see new things you could never have
imagined in your waking life.

You are a member of a proud and unusual tribe among
the Kindred, your new species, "Clan" Gangrel they call us,
forthey must havea label for we who defy labeling. Nonethe-
less, ofall labels, I bear it proudly, not so much for what it says
as for what it does not.

We are a "clan," in its true sense, bound by blood, and
unlike other Kindred, bound through fear to an antique
hierarchy. We hold together — when we do — because of
common interest.

Where others cower, trapped in their musty havens, we
roam free and wild, taking shelter wherever it may be found.
Only our wits see us through into the shelter of another
welcoming night.

While our brethren fear the Lupines, we know them for
what they are. Some rare few even eam their friendship.


A traditional, if informal, alliance exists between the
members of our clan and the Rom, known to the breathing
world as the Gypsies. To describe to you this relationship, I
have engaged one of my progeny, who in his breathing days
‘was something of an expert on the Romany.

Since it is our custom for a site to abandon his new
offspring to make her own way through the difficult transi-
tion from life to unlife, we sometimes have "feral" Gangrel
who do not fully understand their condition. Too, there are
other beings with whom the Gangrel are sometimes con-
fused. The Gypsies, or Rom, who are our mortal relatives
(more on this later) are one such. You will find that the
Lupines, whom mortals call Werewolves, may be mistaken
for us due to their shapechanging skills. Last are the Ravnos,
renegade Kindred of Gypsy stock. Do not confuse them with
either your clansmen ot the true Rom! They are blackguards
all, with no more honor than a hungry cat.

Ifthis cast of characters seemsat first confusing, be aware
that it shall become less so with time. You have at least the
advantage of this document, whereas for one reason ot
another some of our kind were never recontacted and edu-
cated by their sires. These are known as Caitiff, and perhaps
too many of them are from our line.

Indeed, because even those whoare brought up correctly,
are often left to their own devices for a formative year or s0,
their mistaken ideas about who and what they are frequently
become entrenched. Thus we have among our number some
individuals who have chosen rather ... unique paths. Isitany
wonder that of all the clans, the Gangrel most reflect the
popular conception of the Vampire? I shall tell somewhat of
this in the following pages, but in essence this document is
presented with the purpose of laying aside some of the more
egregious errors which a feral childe may make.

To begin, I present here a history of the Kindred, with
particular attention to the Gangrel. Read it and learn well,
that you may begin to appreciate what you are and what you
‘can become, And, if | may be so bold, what you must avoid
becoming at any cost.



| Chapter J:
A Briet Histor
Clan Gangre

by Ashton
Editor's Note: What follows is a lengthy excerpt from
Ashton's rambling History of the Kindred. He babbled for eight
hours or so, most of it stuff from the Book of Nod and other
similarly questionable sources, and all obtainable elsewhere. I've
leftin only material I haven't seen anywhere else, mostly having
to do with Gangrel and the Lupines. So sue me. — R.K.

Origins of the Gangrel

The Gangrel enjoy a special relationship with those
creatures known asLupines. This, according to legend, is due
to their sharing a bloodline. The tale as I have heard it runs
thus:

In the beginning of time, when God created Adam, he
made also a wife for him, out of the same clay from which he
made the first Man.

Her name was Lilith, and she was the first feminist. She
is described (in ancient Hebrew sources and elsewhere) as an
unusually hirsute woman, who was not willing to be subser-
vient to Adam. When Adam complained to God about her,
God banished Lilith from the Garden of Eden, and took the
raw material for Eve from Adam himselF.

Now, when Lilith went forth from Eden, she was preg-
nant. She gave birth alone and in the wilderness, attended
only by wild beasts, for the animals were yet unnamed, and
none knew whether they were destined tobe prey orpredator.

So the first birth in the world was midwived by animals,
and four children were born. A bear, a wolf, a tiger, a serpent
and another animal described only as "a beast" were in
attendance. Each received one of the babes into its care} all
but the serpent, whose foster-child was stillborn. And each

took the child away to raise however they thought best.
These children became the ancestors of the zoanthropes,
what we now call the Lupines.

One of Lilith's get, whose name comes down to us as
Ennoia, was raised by the wolves. Even when the wolves
learned they were to be carnivores, and preyed upon other
animals, they cared for her as their own.

When at last she was grown, she took a mate from among
the pack, and bore him children. Some were like her, in the
form of man. Some were like their father, and ran as wolves.
Yeteach had within them the seed of the other, and it isfrom
them that Lupines trace their ancestry.

A longwhile later, she grew dissatisfied with her life, and
lefe the pack to travel the world. Immortal like her parents,
she wandered for many years alone, and came at last t0 a city
raised by her half-siblings, the descendants of Adam and his
second wife. Her great beauty and somewhat earthy nature
stood her well, and she was well-received in Enoch.

She dwele there for many years until, in a series of
incidents reminiscent of the tale of Helen of Troy, she
became a source of discord in this proto-city. She finally let,
though not before presenting several of her lovers with
children. It is from these children that the Gypsies are
descended.

Again, she wandered the world, finding nevera place to
settle. Everywhere that she was taken in, she was cast out
again after her presence brought discord.

Finally, long after her blood had mingled with that of
Eve's brood, she met one of Caine's, who convinced her to


mattered little, for he proved interesting in other ways. In Itis certain, thanks to an eyewitness who has asked that

their passion for each other, it was not long before she was I not use his name, that among those involved in the sack of

made Kindred. Rome were Gangrel. The ancient peoples were ever aware
Fromheraredescendedall who call themselvesGangrel. _ that Kindred walked among them, and the Romans were no

From her we learn the tongues ofanimals,andhowtochange _€xception. Of interest is the fact that' contempprary. reports

our shape to resemble them. From heralso we get ourlicense were made of a vampire altering rs £0

to wander the world freely. Even as the Lupines can trace Which can be taken.as mea

their blood back toher inher livingdays, soweoftheGangrel__ mostlikelya aswell

can find our heritage in the blood ofher changed life. Butwe __ me for peréop

remember, even if our Lupine half-brothers do not, that we i

share a common mother.

The Gangrelin History

Since as a rule, the Gangrel themselves.do.
their history, much of what giih be said here

is cerain, however, thay6f eer cl

been one of the most if

affairs. Seldom has thi

Rather, self-defense

of the "historical"

ping for a Gangrel

fancies of huma

nothing but wi
The talesi

is said, for i

warning of

fleeing, as ti

to enlist oth

Ie is tempring at

fresh from the wi

folk. Whether

What we do

thus starting a

other clans
Other si

tradition (gi

from centigy

certain thatjely

vicinity of ‘ r deBitimarerto d

thatdescr aGs Re a Inquisition; of

anda vamp : le all ,tiat. But I get ahead of yselfdt was a ntitive
It is claimed, 3 a i fiérel natted Falking Water who welcomed. the first

Gnostic texts point to Jesug hea a lony-of settlers to Virginia, and it was Gangrel and their

frenzy, if not the Curse. It isplikely¥ however, cit all +" atties who died in the slaughter of the colonists at the claws

everfinda biblical scholar willing tohelp me confirm or deny of Lupines.

this hint. When the next European colonists came to North

America, they found Gangrel who were relatively accepted

among the natives. From the start, the Gangrel shunned the

ppd bpd bp ip pie

cities that the invaders built, but they were not among those
who first fought against the settlers themselves, That hap-
pened only when certain intolerant religious groups, fleeing
other intolgsatit is groups; settled the northeast and
began stu ve aia Tha aie in with their
worldvie a "ke
to sum

RRatives and
Royed.
w did

~ Dre

angrel
then rose ag:
felROt a few Ghouls.
in 20 prisoners had surprises,

_ Embrace more neo!
the third night fell, no
in store for their capto; i
Needless to say, the:
and the official story al
misplaced Allied bombing.

astily-drafted Neonates fed well,
lin was the camp was lost to

Later in this century, when the ecological movement of
the ‘60s-to-90s arose, we were (and are) with it. It is indeed
shameful that some of us have taken advantage of the trust
and idealism of these activists, merely to sate our hunger with
their blood.

Editor's note: this is me he's talking about, and I don't

Ave .a damn. It's not like environmentalists are an

rate the eco-
Lupines — who
\¢ cases were able

fGiieh the then-called
less sought out

ithe tribesmen of a

omnen who shunned the
Ose of animals, and who
de, at any rate) desire for

there are also tales of
wear skins other than

er of the Gangrel elders in

agié: Most of the Gangrel there have

Uippithe efforts of research scientists to

k the native animals. Removing the

ears of aera caribou and

tanks of oil company vehicles is a

litical force, howe, the power of the

f past. The recent oil'spill, for which the

at least partially responsible(§nd for which they

(Plate, iva perfect example. If thbpalid not wage such

dr with the Lupines, feel the fative Gangrel would
successful in protecting their territory.

4

All rumors that a female Gangre{Ifichnnu has taken up
restllence in the Antarctic are false. Pay them no mind
whatever. Although the long Antarctic nights might allow
such a person to avoid the sleep of day for months at a time,
there is little orno fresh blood to be found, and the unending
cold is too much even for such as us. Even if such a person
were there, what on earth could possibly interest her in the
endless waste? No, I'm afraid this belongs to the realm of
myth. The Garou, too, have myths about this place, as do the
humans. Enjoy the tales, but pay them no heed.

eel;

Chapter 13

trctic


Australia
For whatever reason, there are a number of Gangrel
elders there, and the rough-and-ready way they rule their
sometimes extended territories is reminiscent of the old
American West. Typical of these is Fenton, a sixth-genera-
tion Gangrel (Embraced in 1880!) who rules Tasmania. He
enjoys good relations with his fellow Prince in Victoria, but

things are somewhat more strained with the Brujah Prince of
Canberra in New South Wales.

Eastern Europe

The few facts dribbling in from old Russia and her client
states have proven especially hard to confirm or deny.

The tales refugee Kindred present are confusing at best,
but it appears that a very powerful (which in our circles
usually means very old) being has appeared on the scene in
the former Soviet Union. This person or persons is busy
remaking that part of the world to suit him. This includes
climinating or subjugating the Kindred active in the area. It
is even rumored that the current ethnic purges in Yugoslavia
may be part of this consolidation.

The word is out that Gangrel are to avoid this area,
though of course anyone who brings back the true story will
receive a hero's welcome. A number of Gangrel still operate
in the area, but keep an especially low profile.

The Soviet Disunion
The Nosferatu claim something awful is going on in
what used to be the Soviet Union. You've doubtlessheard the
rumors. All I know is that a member of the German Gangrel
group Oddindohter (a Valkyrie offshoot) managed to cross
the border into Smolensk, and what she found terrified her.
Apparently, a purge of some kind is underway, not only of
Kindred but of many sorts of supernatural beings. Curiously,
those clans most predominant in the area seem more inter-
ested in coveringup these occurrences, rather than attempting

to do anything about them.

France

Eyer the province of the Toreador and certain Brujah
sects, France has been avoided by the Gangrel until recently.
Now that the French governmentis aggressively pursuing the
high-tech industries, those far-sighted Gangrel who survived
the mess in the Germanys are moving to prevent the same
from happening in France. Whether they are successful or
not will depend on the cooperation of other powers.

One thingiscertain:as the cities encroach (Euto-Disney
was builtona favorite Gangrel haunt), more than afew ofour
kin turn to madness, violence or drugs to cope with the loss
of their lands. Many French Gangrel have gone to earth,


perhaps into torpor. Some have begun to prey exclusively on
alcoholics, drugaddicts or Lupines for the rush they gain from
blood charged with drugs or rage.

And some, chillingly, have retumed to the practice of
feeding off the mad that was banned when the Masquerade
was laid down. Now we suspect that the cause is neurochemi-
cal rather than demonic, butitis clear that feedingexclusively
from disturbed individuals can bring madness. For some
Gangrel, deprived of the wilds in which to run, the wild
dreams of a paranoid or megalomaniac are a likely substitute.

Germany

As the great forests have fallen to the axe, so at last has
the Wall that separated the two halves of Germany. Every-
one is glad that travel is less restricted now, but Kindred are
wary of the UCS.

The recently-forged and still shaky alliance between
certain tribes of Lupine and individual Gangrel in the Black
Forest is being tested even now, with the common foes being
the Sabbat and the industry of Germany, which has had
many restrictions lifted in an effort to revive a flagging
economy.

Elsewhere in Germany, Gangrel clash with those clans
normally inhabiting the cities, as the Gangrel are forced into
their territory by circumstance. Not all are able to adapt to
city life, however, and the recent witch-hunts by Lupines
(written offas terroristattacks by the human press) have been
directed more often than notat deranged Gangrel. Whether
the Lupines have been guided by Kindred who fear for the
Masquerade, or whether the actions of Gangrel lunatics have
tipped their hands, remains to be seen.

Additionally, recent attacks on foreigners and, espe-
cially, Gypsies in Germany may well be provoked by the
Gangrel's enemies. Certain war-like Lupines have been
associated with racist and, now, skinhead movements, while
the Ventrue would also gain by destroying what few mortal
allies we have.

In the Cotswolds of England, most of the country's wild
Gangrel can be found. In many other parts of the United
Kingdom, Lupines calling themselves Fianna and the more
pernicious human mages have hunted us to extinction (or
into the cities, which can be as bad). Some individual packs
of the Fianna appear to have taken an oath not to molest
Gangrel, but explanations of this differ. There are Gypsies
here also, though they tend to be nearly as "civilized" as those
in America.

North America

Though Gangrel do not necessarily keep strongholds,
there are places in this continent where they can usually be
found, and where a Gangrel may go in hopes of finding help.

There are clefts in the Grand Canyon where a brave or
incautious vampire may lay down fora day'ssleep in the open
airand never fear the sun —as long ashis luck holds out. The
cliffs are simply too steep and close in some places for adirect
beam of sunlight to reach bottom, but few can pinpoint these
spots with accuracy.

The United States national forests, once full of both the
Gangrel and the Lupines, are now mostly empty of either. It
is in the accidental wilderness that we live now — those
places forgotten by mortals or overlooked by their greed.
West Virginia and other "poor" and "underdeveloped" areas
are our havens, as are those wastelands left behind when the
profit-makers move on.

South America

The bloody conflicts between the Setites and the Gangrel
in parts of South America have done neither of our clans any
service. The Gangrel would do better to ignore the Setites
and their crops and concentrate on saving their homes in the
rain forest. Attempts have been made to contact the peculiar
jaguaroid Lupines of the area, with little success. Apparently,
however, they have no more fear or hatred for Kindred than
they do any other outsiders.

Definitely worth investigating.

Chapter

toh ti bb tit th


Chapter JJ:
Gangrel Culture

By Ashton

Having read a little of our history, maybe you'll under-
stand why we Gangrel are so contradictory. Almost without
exception, we are fervent loners who prize privacy, but we are
also avid storytellers, who love nothing more than a night of
tall tales. Yet, though we are the taletellers among the
Kindred, we are not its gossips. We keep our secrets well.
We're often proud, yet we associate regularly with Gypsies
and similar outcasts.

Moreover, despite being survivors of fantastic tenacity,
we will willingly place ourselves in danger to "count coup" by
infiltrating a Lupine tribe. To resolve these contradictions, it
will be necessary to understand the most fundamental, and
yet closely-guarded, part of being a Gangrel. I'm speaking of
course, of the tale.

Through history, many vital cultures have survived with
only oral traditions. Nomadic cultures in particular prefer
memories to books, for they are easier to carry, and can adapt
to any situation or environment.

Acommon facet of cultures which convey their history
through oral traditions is that they retain memorable stories
most accurately and for the longest time. Poems, alliterative

verse, and formulaic patterns are common techniques to help
retain a story intact through generations. So, when two
Gangrel meet, each is more likely to be able to pass on the
stories of the other if they are memorable — even more so if
they rhyme and have a catchy beat. But perhaps we can best
demonstrate by example. Let us look at a meeting between
two Gangrel, a more ritualized meeting than most, but
serving to show the process.

The Reverend, a 12th-generation Gangrel just passing
through Texas, rouses himself from daylit sleep and changes
to wolf-form fora night's run. A scent becomes evident to his
wolf' nose: there is another Kindred nearby! Following the
trace with all care, he comes upon CJ, an 11th-generation
Gangrel, formerly a waitress in Philadelphia. After checking
out the area, the Reverend shifts forms to match C]'s human
one (the polite thing to do), and approaches, making just
enough noise for CJ to hear him. CJ, for her part, calls out to
The Reverend, making it clear he is welcome.

They meet, each recognizing the other for Gangrel by
the animal features, and decide to make a production of
greeting:

The Reverend: Well met, sister. May I share your camp?


C]: Get your ass over here before you freeze (laughter).
You're welcome here.

The Reverend: My thanks. I am the Reverend, and I do
the Lord's work out Arizona way.

C): CJ. Headin' back east. Where you from, anyway?

The Reverend: Coville was my sire, and in the time of
Jacob the wolf-killer, I was made. Since then I have been
going to and fro in the earth and walking up and down in it.
In the desert south of Vegas I happen upon a wanderer named
Corey, who had been hunted... (he tells the story of Corey).

C): (in a pseudo street-rap staccato)

They call me CJ, and it was 50 years back

a bitch named Mikki took my blood and gave it back

I thought I was sick, I felt so queasy and green,

I felt myself hooked on something I never seen

(She goes on to tell of his Embrace and first hunt)

They will continue to trade stories until each has told
the other everything he feels is interesting. This is a first
meeting, so they will start at the beginning. Ifthey meet again
later, they will pick up from where they last met. A kind of
"pecking order" is established, as each assesses the alleged
experiences of the other in light of theit own.

At times this becomes an exercise in one-upmanship,
swapping increasingly taller tales, though to be caught in an
outright lie is considered the worst of bad form. The emphasis
on the truth of the tale varies with the circumstances — at
times a well-told lie will earn more respect than a poorly-told
but true story. At other times (particularly in emergencies) a
careful, complete and accurate report is all that will do.

There is another anomaly in the clan's respect for an
individual. While many of the traditional Kindred measures
of status mean little to us, there is one accord unique among
us: counting coup against the Lupines. If you ever get the
opportunity to pass fora Lupine, to learn one of their tales or
skills, or even to steal a hair from tail of one and live to tell
the tale, you will find you have earned a great deal of respect.

The Civilized Gangrel

For all our love of nature and the wandering life, there
have been times when by choice or necessity a Gangrel has
become prince ofa city or territory. This happened briefly in
San Francisco, in the last century. Ithappened quite recently
in Alaska, and there are still some Gangrel princes in Austra-
lia, Usually, they rule with a more open hand than most
princes. Though styles differ, common among the Gangrel
princes have been:

a respect for nature;

a desire to maintain the Masquerade;

a disregard for the traditions (exceptas noted later);

and

a tendency to wander their domain in disguise.

They often try running theirdomainsasanomad orpack

animal would. Weaker, elder and more valuable tribe mem-
bers are kept toward the center of the realm, while patrols of

Clanbook Gangrel

young bucks roam the borders. Even within cities, Gangrel
princesare known to vary their residences at whim, as though
some subdued wanderlust were manifesting itself.

Trial by combat is an accepted form of adjudication,
although a champion may be appointed by the prince for one
or both parties should an unfair physical match seem to
prejudge a case.

The Gather

One of the most interesting facets of Gangrel culture is
the traditional Gathers. One is generally held at each Sol-
stice, and again at each Equinox. The Solstice festivals are
generally open to invited guests, while those held on the
Equinox are secret revels for blood-family or tribe only.

News of an impending Gatherspreads by word of mouth,
with regular or exceptional events having more draw. A
really good, regularly scheduled Gather (such as the San
Francisco-area Redwoods Revel) will draw Gangrel from all
over the world, but no Gather has ever succeeded in drawing
the entire clan.

Needless to say, the Malkavians are known to perform
mockeries of our Solstice festivals at sporadic intervals.
Fortunately, they have not learned of our secret ones. Or if
they have, none of us have been invited.

These generally begin with a party (refreshments of
various types provided by the host), and then turn into a
storytelling session/boasting contest. Someone is likely to
start a fight, which inaugurates any wrestling, brawling or
physical competitions the evening may hold. There is always
achance someone will fall in the fire — which adds spice to
an evening — and the inevitable shapechanging contest
signals the end of the physical pursuits.

At this point, many of the neonates will have toppled
into drugged or exhausted or battered-near-bloodless sleep,
but the elder members of the clan will stay awake into the wee
hours telling tales. During exceptionally successful Gathers,
the tale-telling may even last through the day and into the
following night. Itis considered a mark of highest respect for
a storyteller to so enthrall her listeners that they resist the
sleep ofday, merely tohear the end of the tale (thoughall will
head into an enclosed area, with the storyteller continuing
the tale as they move). Indeed, it is said that old Snorri kept
anaudience of ancillae awake and gripped by his tale through
all of Lent.

Finally, the Gather will disperse, each in her own direc-
tion, there to carry the word of decisions, fights and stories to
other Gangrel who were not present. Often a reputation can
be made or destroyed at a Gather in a number of ways. By
doing or saying something notable, by fighting particularly
well or poorly, by telling an outstanding story, or by hosting
an exceptional Gather, a Gangrel can do wonders for her
standing within the clan. An impressive enough Gather can
even become a tale unto itself.


The Lupines

Editor's note: Ashton is uncharacteristically concise and to
the point when discussing our fuzzy half-brothers. The essay
following his fight scene is excerpted from another m.s. — Raoul
King

The Lupines and Their Ways

by Ashton

They are spoken of with fear, even by Kindred who are
themselves objects of fear. Most mortals who encounter them
are so traumatized by the experience that they rationalize it
away as something — anything — else. One of them is a
match for any but the oldest and most potent vampire, anda
pack too much even for that.

They are the main reason most Kindred huddle close to
their fetid cities, like superstitious cavemen clinging to the
light of their campfires.

And yet, of all clans, the Gangrel show no fear for these
most fearsome of beasts. We alone understand them well
enough tofight them effectively, negotiate with them openly,
and sometimes even call them friends.

The Lupines have a tribal culture, similar to that of the
Native Americans. They, like ourselves, prefer an oral tradi-
tion, though those born human can read and write as well as
any.

They also hold honor in high esteem, though their
definition of honor may differ from our own. Their sense of
honor implies a recognition of duty to the tribe, as well as
dedication to protecting all life, and the spirit of the earth-
motheras manifest in Nature. However, they re notpacifists.
They fight for what they protect, and they most emphatically
do not include the Kindred among their charges! They will
slay a vampire on sight, as a literal crime against nature.

They believe us either pawns of or in league with the
Wyrm, an archetypal force of destruction which I am not
certain they mean metaphorically. They believe that this
Wyrm, through its pawns and allies, has wrought destruction
upon the Earth-mother, to the extent thatit threatensall life
on Earth.

He ey

==


The list of the Wyrm's allies include all Kindred, from
the most civilized Ventrue to the most depraved Sabbat
diabolist. As they see it, whether we want it to or not, our
existence as supernatural beings erodes the Earth. Also
numbered among her enemies are the demons, ghosts and
other supernatural creatures which violate the natural order
of things.

Industries of every description, from oil companies to
lumber companies to nuclear power plants and automobile
manufacturers are also on the side of the Wyrm.

Some Lupines wouldalso include the normal humanson
the planet, who themselves are directly and indirectly re-
sponsible for the imperilment of Gaia. Others are more
moderate, comparing the kine to mere sheep, strayed because
their shepherd has been napping.

All agree, though, that there is another, and potent,
agency of the Wyrm. I have been unable to learn much of
these "Dark Dancers," but I believe them to be renegade
Lupines, who serve the Wyrm and draw dark powers from it.

If there is anything to compare to these turncoats, it is
the way we the Gangrel are perceived by Lupines. Some
believe us traitors to our kind because we have on occasion
hunted Kindred with the Lupine packs. Most would not trust
us even were we committed enemies of the other clans. But
some of us have managed to earn the trust of these noble
beasts. I shall tell how it happened to me.

I have always been one of the fortunate Kindred who
does not terrify animals, but then I was good with them
during my sunlit life. As a vampire, I learned over time to
have even more than an affinity for animals: I found I could,
to a degree, control them. It made it easy to subsist during
long treks across the wild, for I could call to me vessels that
would never betray me. Eventually (and I attribute this to
drinking so much wolf blood) I learned to change my shape
to that of a wolf. For those who have never run wild beneath
the stars, on four swift legs, and breathed the chilly air that
mankind never has fouled, I heartily recommend the experi-
ence.

However, on one ofthese nights full moon hung low in
the sky, and the lone wolf who was to be my night's repast
seemed strangely resistant to my charms. I finally caught her,
after the chase ofboth my lifetimes, and when Isunk my teeth
intohershoulder, Ifeltsucha current of vital energy flow into
me I thought I would go mad.

This was nothing like the ancient power one feels when
one is given the blood of an elder. Rather, it felt utterly
mortal, but of such succulent vigor that it stood by the blood
of the animals I had been drinking as the long-remembered
sun stands beside a candle.

I tore myself from her throat, sated though I had not
drunk her dry, and watched herslink away, then following on
leathery wings.


ge:
ZZ

She led me to asmall fire in a sheltered cleft, and around
it lay monsters. Some, like her, were in the form of great
wolves. Others were — or seemed, that night — wholly
human. Most were in an intermediate form, hulking shapes
of varying proportions of wolf and man.

She told herstory to them ina whiny, snapping language
my empathy for beasts let me glean a gist of. I had not licked
the wound, and how fortunate | was, for the wound had been
made by wolf's teeth, and they did not suspect me for what I
was. Indeed, they thought me one of their own, a Caitiff
Lupine if you will, lost to those who sired me and stricken by
the Change without training.

Armed with this knowledge, | returned to the site of my
attack on her, resumed my wolf-form, and began tracking her
as a wolf would. Pethaps I was being foolish, but I was yet
flushed with her blood, and I wanted to know more about
these creatures.

Well before I reached their group, I was attacked. Two
syoung wolves appeared out of the brush, and they took turns
Tunging at me and nipping at my heels. They circled continu-
ally, making it hard for me to get a good shot at either, and I
‘was at the verge of resuming my bat-form and fleeing, when
‘a circle of eyes surrounded me.

ws

1 fought then for all I was worth, doubly handicapped
because I had to defeat them withoutshowing my true nature.
They were faster than I, and stronger, though I lent their
stolen blood to my own strength, but I was much tougher
than they had expected.

One of them got careless, and sank his teeth into my
shoulder, but he had done me little harm, and I struck him
with all my strength. My jaws met in his neck, I gulped a
draught of his potent blood, and then hurled him aside to
meet the other. This one fought better, with more wisdom
tempering his strength, and he would have had me had I not
done what I'd sworn not to: I lost myself in Frenzy,

As if from a great distance, I watched myself resuming
(almost) my human form, great claws sprouting from my
hands, the Beast thudding within me like a great drum. I tore
him loose from my throat and held him over my head,
oblivious to the pain, howling my need for blood and ven-
geance, and then smashed him to the ground and clawed his
belly open.

With his defeat I gained some measure of control. I was
able toresume by wolf-form, and gradually the red faded from
mysight. Amazingly, neither of my foes was dead, and though
I longed to, I did not heal my own wounds for I could see they
did not regenerate as we do, but hold on with an incredible


vitality while an accelerated but normal-seeming healing
takes place. (Only later did I learn how little good my healing
would have done: I carried those marks for weeks!)

The circle around me had narrowed, and one old wolf
came out to confront me now. He was silver-haired, bigger
than the others and scarred from many battles. Something
about his smell told me he was their leader. It was instinct
that kept me from challenging him. Instead I lay down at his
approach, not quite baring my neck to him, but submitting to
his authority, even as a neonate kneels to a prince.

He sniffed me carefully, and seemed slightly disturbed by
what he smelled, but I was drenched in the blood of his
people, inside and out, and he at last took my muzzle in his,
his moon-bright eyes glaring at me the while. Finally he
released me and moved away, the circle of eyes drifting away
after him. Soon I was alone in the clearing, and while I knew
they had not accepted me into their tribe, they had accepted
me as one of them. My howl of triumph rang beneath the
moon.

‘The Trust of the Wolf

Others have gained acceptance or tolerance by the
Garou, some by elaborate magical preparation, others by
cunning, still others by adventure. Certain of us are able to
place our mind within the body of a genuine wolf, and thus
journey forth even in daylight. Some have passed for human

and met the Garou in that form. Others have simply used the
same powers of obfuscation that work so well against the
mortal populace.

Trusting the Wolt

Whatever the method of gaining the trust of the Lu-
pines, if one of us proves herself worthy, the inevitable
discovery of our nature may not spel disaster.

Once they have accepted a tribe member, they are
fantastically loyal. Even the revelation that one is born ofan
enemy race isnot sufficient to break the bond of tribal loyalty
— though I admit it strains it mightily. Individuals may
indeed seck your blood in payment for your deception,
though the tribeasa whole will not. Itisaprecious thing, chis
ond, and not to be taken lightly. On severel occasions, Ican
attribute my survival to the bond Inow have with these folk.

By this, I do not merely mean my physical survival,
though that is certainly welcome, but I owe at least some of
my Humanitas to them. The Garou have a way of dealing
with the Beast which Ihave done my best to learn. Inestence,
they say: Iam a creature born from violence, fated to die in
violence. I cannot change this. Tan, however, direct the
violence as I will.


Make no mistake: their Beast isnot ours. Theirs is merely
primitive, while ours is primeval. We can nevertheless learn
from their example. Iftaking the Beast out fora run can make
it chafe less at its confinement, perhaps we should try it.

The Lupine Culture

Editor's note: This was part of a longer bit titled The
Unnatural History of the Lupine. I cut it because most of it had
todo with old, dead wolves. We've gota lot more to worry about

ith new, living ones. Learn and live.
There are more than five tribes of Lupine (all of which,
the way, prefer to be called Garou). Ido not knowall their
es, but I can tell you some of them. Which tribe one
ongs to involves not only what one's bloodline is, but also
der what phase of the moon one was born. Understand
my research in this area has been hampered by the fact
Icould not and cannot ask too many questions without
iscovered for what I am, and so my information may
tary or incorrect. For this I apologize in advance.

BRIDGES —

And, indeed, there are Gangrel who have taken this to
heart. When the Beast threatens to overwhelm us, often one
will flee the situation, take to the woods and the form of a
wolf, and run down some prey. By acting out the impulses of
the Frenzy, but never letting the Beast take control, one can
escape the Frenzy itself.

Some Tribes of the Garou
The Glass Walkers

This is the tribe most likely to be found in the cities, and
consequently the most likely to encounter the Kindred. They
generally havea reasonable attitude toward technology, and
are consequently distrusted by their brethren and sistren.
They have among them subdivisions, perhaps famous fami-
lies. The Philodox are one of these sub-tribes, whose purpose
apparently is to reconcile the old ways with the new.

Other subcategories of the Glass Walkers are the Bone-
Gnawers, a scavenger class, and the Were-Hackers, a youth
movement who seem to be intent on turning technology
against the Wyrm (including us).

Chapter J)

"4
}.


The Get of Fenris

This warrior tribe includes those werewolves bor under
the full ofthe moon, and in particular those who intend todie
gloriously in battle. They are the most fearsome warriors ever
to take the field, yet their bravery is matched by their
foolhardiness, They will not hesitate to attack one (or sev-
eral) of our kind. The Red Talons are a militaristic branch
who are, if possible, even more extreme.

The Ragabash

These are a tribe of Lupines who delight in trickery,
mystery and riddles. They are unreliable in the extreme; one
cannot even expect them to consistently behave unpredict-
ably. In this sense they have much in common with the
Malkavians. The only one who seemed at all willing to talk
tome was an old devil who began our conversation by telling
me that he knew who and what I was, but that he would not
give me away because he appreciated the joke. Ashe told me
(and I see no reason to trust his word), the Ragabash delight
in infiltrating other tribes, either to do mischief or simply to
accomplish a difficult feat. I am sure there is much we as
Gangrel could learn from them if we could trust what they
say. Apparently there are tell-tale signs by which one can be
told from a member of another tribe, but I have not learned
them. I will reveal more of them when I have more to tell.

Che Dancers inthe Dark

Ihave mentioned these beings before, but I wish to
emphasize again how dangerous they can be. They combine
the worst of the Lupines with the worst of humans, and
observe no rules in their search for power. A Gangrel of my
acquaintance was approached by some of these Dark Ones,
whose leader was dying and who sought the Embrace as an
answer to old age. Needless to say, my friend declined, and
was later attacked by some who sought to take his Vite by
force. Be warned and beware!

A final note to those who would walk with the moon-
touched: Respect them and their ways. To us, they may seem
savages — and they are. To us they may seem uncivilized,
unlettered and unsophisticated. They are. But what has all
our "civilization" brought us, but more violence, secret
struggles and dark despair? Theirs is in many ways a cleaner
path, and though they do not make the pretensions to
nobility that many of us do, they are noble creatures. Even if
you are never accepted among them, you can lean from
them. They are a dying breed, and we breed their death with
every childe we sire, Learn from them while they arestill here
to tutor us.


Che Rom

by Dr. Raoul J.King

After my graduation from the University of Michigan

(or was it Minnesota? — damn cold place, anyway), I had a
Doctor of Journalism to put after my name and absolutely
nothing to write about.

So I did what any self-respecting journalist would have
done. I decided to write a book. It was my intention to write
abook on the hippie phenomenon, following these ancestors
‘of Jerry's Kids around the country, and incidentally force
myself to sample whatever degraded pleasures their culture
shad to offer.

Unfortunately, my editor, a guy who'd been satisfied
owith a Master's in Journalism and charges dropped, and also

my former roommate, had other ideas.

"Who the hell cares about the hippies?" he said. "The

jole drug scene's old news. President Johnson say

"What's that?" I shouted. "I can't hear you! It's the damn

one!"

"How about the Gypsies?"

"Weren't they sold to Detroit?"

"No, I mean real live gypsies. Wanderers of the world.

iil that ethnic stuff is real hot now."

"What kind of parties they got?"

"Are you kidding? Stolen wine and home-made beer
around the campfire, gorgeous Gypsy chicks dancing to make
your eyes water. Fiddle-music to wake the dead. It's a stone
groove, Gonz. You'll love it."

"How long? How much?"

Tewas long enough, and nearly enough money, so found
myself on a plane to England, where I met my first bona-fide
Rom. They were pretty typical of what I later learned of
European Romany. They stayed pretty much in a circuit,
traveling from place to place as the weather suited, doing odd
jobs, stealing anything that wasn't tied down, and generally
making not quite enough of a nuisance of themselves to be
unwelcome.

At first, they were standoffish, even hostile as they
define hostile. They kept trying to sell me stuff, to rip me off,
totell my fortune. Even after told them 1 was writinga book,
they persisted in trying to get money out of me. I thought of
itas charmingly naive, thinking there was money to be had
from a writer, and told them so. They just smiled and offered
to tell me how it would sell.

Atlast [hit upon a stratagem that won their confidence.
After a long night at a local pub, I was incarcerated for
liberating a tavern sign to which I had taken a fancy,
damaging said sign on the helmet of a police officer, and
fleeing arrest (would have made it, except I was holding my


pants up with one hand — but if you want the whole story,
go buy my book The Gypsies: A Strange and Wonderful Saga of
the Modern Nomads.)

After my release, I found their attitude toward me had
changed. Evidently the police had asked them questions
about me, since I had been seen in their company, before
letting me go. When I retuned, Jorge, the man I had been
trying to talk to, welcomed me like a brother.

"Why did you not say you were a dilo, my friend? Your
kind is bacht— what you call lucky. You are welcome here at
my fire."

J stayed with them for nearly a month, learning their
customsand some baby-talkin Rom, and when they prepared
to move on to Liverpool to meet up with some friends, I was
invited to go with them.

Their kumpania was part the traditional Gypsy caravan,
with painted wagons and horse-drawn carts, and part mod-
em, with a trailer and two antique station wagons. My
battered rental Land Rover wasn't too far out of place.

During the time I traveled and camped with Jorge and
his kumpania, I learned a great deal about the Rom that I
hadn't known, and some things I haven't seen reported
anywhere else.

For instance, even though we had been together many
weeks, Inoticed Jorge kept his two daughters, ages 10 and 14
or $0, well away from me. I asked Jorge if he didn't trust me
with them.

"Trust you? Of course I do, as much as any giorgio. But it
isnotdone, to let the Romany girls be too near a man. They
are too beautiful. So from a friend we remove temptation."

Talso learned how to steal a chicken: you tie a piece of
string to.akemel of corn, and toss it down to where the bird
can get to it. Once it eats the corn, you can lead it home by
the string in its crop. The gypsies kept chickens of their own,
but never ate them. When I asked why this was so, Jorge told
me they kept a chicken of each color so that any telltale
feathers wouldn't give them away; a suspicious farmer could
be shown a chicken of whatever color he was missing,

Acquiring a pig was nearly as easy: one of the kids would
squish a sponge down into a lump of lard and peg it til it
hardened, then feed it to some farmer's pig. After the animal
ate the lump, the lard would mele, the sponge would expand,
and the pig would die of a blocked intestine. Then a few gypsy
kids would "happen" by, and buy the dead pig on the cheap
"for their dog."

These carny-style cons and hoaxes were perpetrated
again and again while I journeyed with Jorge. Most of them
relied on a rough psychology that any Freudian could profit
from.

But they had a sense of honor among themselves and
everyone they considered friends. Once I lost a pen, a cheap
retractable I had stolen from my hotel, and one of the kids
walked over a mile to return it to me.

JSST

The same standards did not apply to outsiders. Some
called them gaje, other giorgio, but all agreed they were not
worthy of an even break. I watched two Romany men with a
horse so old it must have been endangering the horse-
masquerade. Rather than put the beast down with a syringe
or a bullet, they fixed it up to look as healthy as possible,
filling the pits in its teeth, staining the gray from its coat,
inflating the hollows in its face with a straw — the perfect
appetizer for breakfast, incidentally — and then sold the
animal to some poor son-of- a-bitch farmer they primed with
home-made hooch. Later, when he complained, they turned
around and accused the poor bastard of mistreating the beast.
"Look how sick it looks now! It was always healthy with us!"

Of course, among themselves, the Rom play no such
tricks.

‘That is how I knew the Rom when I still breathed for a
living. Itwasn't many years later —only alifetime, in my case

that I got to see the other side of the Gypsies.

I was in Toronto, for health reasons, and I had a pack of

lunters on my ass. The trailer-park outside of town had
med like a good place to lose them, but these bastards were
tenacious as hell, and I swear they could smell me! Anyway,
Hi was feeling pretty desperate when I saw a patrin, a sign that
meant Gypsies were near. I whistled the tune Jorge had
taught me, that identified me asa friend of his kumpania, and
sure enough, one of the older men at a nearby fire perked up
is ears and called me over. They had a big trash-fire going,
and were sitting around it on uptumed cinder blocks. I gave
them a name, they did the same, and probably all of us were
ing. But I wasn't in much of a bargaining position.

"Look," I said, "there are some folks on my ass who want

to kill me, and they probably won't be any too gentle with
iyone they find with me. I hate to bring trouble to you, but
‘I'm desperate. Can you hide me?"
‘The guy —Iwas pretty sure he was the baro of this bunch
looked at me closely, and asked, "These men, are they the
police?"

"No, they're, ah, free-lance talent, but they're pretty.
Mevermined. And i'm not sure they're all men." Shad to wam
him somehow.

He eyed me again. "Come."

I followed him to his vurdon, a silver-sided trailer that
had been very expensive a very long time ago. I stepped
inside, amazed as always at the sumptuous clutter inside a
eon The sky outside was light enough that I could see

"Do you havea place alittle darker? I'm going to have to
hide all day ... the trunk of a car, maybe?" I hadn't said
ything about being Kindred, but my sire, in one of his
ative moods, had said that the Gypsies were in on the
squerade, and I had heard stories ... I still couldn't bring


"You are mulasi, then?"

Thadn't heard the term. "I guess so."

"You do not steal from family."

"No. I try not to steal what I need — "

"Good. You can dig?" He gestured at the scorched
ground,

"I can do better than that. But — "

"Go, hide down here. We will talk tomorrow night." He
turned away and strode back the way we'd come.

I sifted into the ground; before I slept, I could hear him.
and others moving around above.

T awoke to the sound of stamping and pounding above
me. I panicked for a second, but I could tell the sounds were
dying down rather than getting nearer. If there was trouble,
I didn't want these poor bastards taking all of it — just the
parts I couldn't handle. I had my pistol out when I emerged
from my hiding-place, but the only people there were Samed
and some of his men. The stamping | had heard was the sound
of them putting out the fire that had been burning above me
all day long!

When he saw the expression on my face, Samed just
laughed. "Youhadagood day'ssleep, eh? You don't care what
happens besides?"

Irepressed a shudder. "I guess not. Whathappened when
they showed up?"

"Youwere rightabout them, I think. One at least was not
altogether a man. He seemed brutish, more an animal thana
man, and I think he tracked you by smell to my eurdon. But
he followed to the fire, where I and my brothers were telling
paramitsha — what you call ghost stories.

Clanbook Gangrel

"They ask if we have seen anything unusual, any ghosts.
Lask to share what they are drinking!" He slapped his knee.
"They do not like to be made fun of, these serious men and
almost-men. They tell me great harm will befall me if we
allow the ghost to pass. I promise them ifI see the ghost I will
throw him in my fire. See how I keep my promises! They are
nothappy, but they sniff around some more and then leave."
Heegrew serious fora moment. "But youare wrong, my friend.
One of them was a policeman. He did not wear the unlucky
black uniform, but I could smell him a cop. Be careful."

"Thanks, I will. So, why the hell did you hide me,
anyway?"

He shrugged. "My grandfather told me, if one of your
kind came to us and knew our ways, we could trust him. He
said long ago we shared the same grandmother, so many of
your kind are Gypsy by blood — at least a little bit." He
smiled, "He also said, though it was not lucky to have you
here, when you left you would carry away all the prikasa, all
the bad luck of our kumpania."

"Sure. Your bad luck is probably better than my good
luck, anyway."

"Bater! Now, though, we dance, and you will do some
tricks for these young ones to show them their old man is not
foolish to believe the old tales!"

This we did, and I gortoattenda Gypsy party once more,
this time more as a observer than participant. Samed kept by
me through the festivities, both to keep an eye on me, I'm
sure, and to show his fellows that he wasn't afraid of me.
Before long, I was as accepted as I've ever been among the
living, perhaps more so since these folk knew what I was and
didn't care, as long as I didn't bother them.

Thad never quite lost the knack of eating and drinking,
and I did a little of both. It put the folks more at ease. In
response to my small tricks to demonstrate my unnaturalness,
they showed me feats of trickery, juggling, sleight-of-hand,
and maybe something more. In all, it was the best party I'd
been to since I died.

Samed told mea few old stories about his kind and mine,
including a tale of a Gypsy woman who died and came back
as a Kindred to tend her child each night. She was nursing it
from her breast (vitze, I'm sure) and eventually the baby died.
The mother had to be put down to protect her husband and
his tribe. Samed didn't belabor the point, but | wassure they'd
know just what to do if I violated their hospitality.

When it was time for me to go, several members of the
company pressed gifts on me, most of them small twists of
cloth. Samed explained that they were tangible representa
tions of the curses and bad luck I would take with me when
Ileft.

They made a big fuss over me as I left, though I noticed
while some actually broke into tears at my going, none asked
me to return. I didn't say anything about this, but I expect I'd
do the same. Samed told me a few shortcuts to get me on my

way south, and recommended the best place in TO for
boosting a car that wouldn't be missed. Then he hugged me
like a brother and I left.

And that was the Gypsies as a Kindred and Gangrel. I
can't swear you'll do as well. A few hints, though:

Don't mess with them unless you can avoid it. Why take
chances?

Don't tell anyone from another clan about it. They
might get pissy about the Masquerade, or just take advantage
of the Rom and lose us some allies.

Try the older, more traditional Rom first. They're more
likely to remember the tales Samed's grandfather told him.

Treat them right! Do not mess with them. Don't flirt
with their daughters, don't drink from their dogs, nothing.
Don't even mention blood (almost all bodily functions are
taboo; talking of them brings bad luck)

Take whatever they give you with you. Samed told me
Thad to hang onto the prikasa items until I lost them by
chance, someone offered to take them, or I could sell them.
Tost the damn things when I wrecked my stolen Ford on a
treacherous gravel road — you figure out whether it was the
bad luck or just crappy Detroit steering,


Be

TheMa ing of a Gangrel

‘Ashton's recounting of the birth of a Gangrel is impos-
sibly labored and a litele out of date. Here's what happens as
I see it:

Reasons

Anybody who thinks there's only one reason for making
someone else into a night-wandering bloodsucker is either
crazy or a Tremere.

I've heard of it done because, "I loved him," or "I hated
her." I've heard of it done because the mortal had valuable
skills the Kindred wanted kept alive, and I've heard it done
because it amused the creator.

The Hunt

Since telling the tale ofa Creation is worth a warm drink
at another Gangrel's camp, it's your duty to make it as
dramatic as possible. Most prefer to hunt their prospective
childe. This can be a traditional hunt, culminating in run-
ning the childe down and Embracing him, ot it could mean
sneaking up on him when he'ssleeping. Joshua's popular tale

(true or not) is of Embracing a woman so quietly and deftly
that she went to sleep a mortal and woke a vampire! In any
event, the Change should provide a good story, and show off
the skills of both sire and childe.

The Change

Before abandoning your new progeny, custom has it that
you leave the sorry bastard with a full stomach — either fill
her full of your blood, ot leave a likely vessel laying around
somewhere. You will not contact her again until and unless
you judge her worthy of the Gangrel.

The Kid's Might Out

A this point she's on her own —as far as she knows. It
is considered very bad form to interfere with your fledgling,
but you've got to keep an eye on her. If you can keep the poor
fledgling from violating the Masquerade, all the better. In
any event, ifshe makes it on her own (your option as to how
long is long enough), you can go see her again and introduce
yourself. If you're the shy type, mail her this book (that is,
after all, why we're printing it). Then bring her along to the
next Gather. Congratulations! It's a Gangrel.


pide eed td tft

The Gangrel Forms

*:

_ The Gangrels' many forms aré well known among Kindred, and equally feared. Each form isa mix of the characters own
Thus,

werewhen

S first changed. While older Gangrel can often assume many different forms, the Shadow of the Beast only allows the ‘

character to take those of wolf and bat.

‘The Wolf

The wolf form provides the Gangre! with a wu Ee

Che Bat

‘The most obvious advantage of turning into a bat is the
flicht. B: avaho3 cal ondioted

character's Physical Attributes, but subtracts ‘one from Ma
nipulation. Also, th

of the wolf — boosting his power of hearing, smelling and
taste.
are themselves boosted by the Discipline.

Furthermore, the wolf form lets the character bite hav-
ing previously grappled the target, and attacks with the bite
orclaws are both rolled against dificult of five. Addition-
ally, the ch his horizontal j
per success while in wolf form, and can run faster as ae
decreasing related difficulties by one.

There are some disadvantages to this form as well.
Obviously, the character cannot engage in fine manipula-
tion, nor can he carry anything which will not fit in his
mouth. Humans are unlikely to stick around when a large
wolf is prowling about, and urban Gangrel quickly leam to.
keep an eye out for the dogcatcher.

12 mph for sustained flights. Kindred with Celerity can
increase these speeds with the use of blood, and those with
Fortitude can fly at high speeds for longer times.

In bat form, a vampire loses two points of Strength, but
gains a point of Dexterity. Also, contrary to popular belief,
bats are not blind. Still, in this form a character has the
benefits of bat sonar and all the advantages that entails.

Also, the character cannot engage in any fine manipu-
lation, and ean ony cary items which inher claws Bats

10 pound:
flying. The fabled man-bat form can be gained as a Merit or
a seventh-level Discipline.

ly when not



Chapter JJJ:__
The Gangrel and.~
Others

by Raoul King

In general, the clan members think of the Camarilla as
a necessary evil. Face it, a lone Gangrel in the middle of the
Yosemite Park hasa lormore to lose by breaking the Masquer-
ade than does a boardroom full of Ventrue.

So, while most Gangrel think the Camarilla is preferable
tothe alternative, there existsan unwritten alternative tothe
paths of anarch or Camarilla pawn. Autarkis are those who
neither obey nor defy the Camarilla — they just avoid it.
Officially, the Gangrel deplore such Kindred. In fact, they g0
out of their way to aid them.

Iewill be easiest to understand this if I just show you the
Traditions as practiced by today's Gangrel:

1. Acceptance

If you come to a city where you think the prince will
accept you, by all means announce yourself. Ifnot, go in and
lay low —very low. Dependingon the prince, it may be better
to let them think you're an anarch than get caught trespass-
ing.

2.Domain

(Once again, it's worth paying attention to, ifit's not too
much trouble. Always remember, though, that unlike most
Kindred, your feet aren't nailed to the ground. To quote a
noted ghoul: "There is no problem so big it cannot be run
away from."

3.Becoming

The hell withtheprince. Who's theprince of Yellowstone
Park, Death Valley or the Grand Canyon? Talk to your sire
about this (if you can find her) — for advice if nothing else.
You need to be careful making other Kindred, if for no other
reason than they will be competing for your spot on the food
chain, Old, "suicidal" Gangrel have been known to pass on
their blood before ending an existence that has proven
unbearable—a sensible move froman ecological standpoint.

4. Accounting

Yeah, right. There's a reason we pick ‘em independent
—so we don't have to deal with this bullshit.

S.Serecy
Damn good idea. Lone Gangrel are more vulnerable to
a secrecy breach than most city-dwellers. Watch it!

6. Destruction

This is another one of those rules that just doesn't apply
on the open road. As our Gypsy friends say (with a different
meaning), "On the toad, each man is his own prince."


Ralitions with Other Kindred

Clans of the Camarilla
@rujah

They're animals (andII say this with sincere apologies to
any part-time animals reading this). But they have the right
idea about cooperating with the Camarilla (don't) and the
right idea about how to party (unconditionally). They also
like to fight, which endears them to many. They're fast
buggers, but they don't have claws to speak of.

Watch out for the old ones, though. They think too
much.

Malkavian
Most of the Malkavians are crazy, and the rest are just
plain sneaky. That doesn't mean you shouldn't listen to
them, just don't believe a word they say. The sneaky ones
won'ttell you the truth and the crazy ones wouldn't know the
truth if it was fed to them intravenously.

Nosferatu

Don'tlet their looks fool you—these guys stick together
better than any clan except the Tremere, and the Tremere
cheat

The Nosferatualso have an information networksecond
tonone, and they may be willing to share news. They really
don't have much of a sense of storytelling, preferring literal
truth to dramatic necessity, but they are well worth cultivat-
ing as a source of information.

Toreador

Most of these fops are absolutely worthless, not even
worth the trouble to stake ‘em out and give ‘ema suntan. At
least they're not actively malevolent.

Some of them can write, though. They tend to waste
their time on experimental plays and films, (not to mention
deconstructionist criticism), but some can spin a good yarn.

Party with them, but don't expect to fit in. And don't
trust them with a burnt-out match.

Cremere
They'te manipulative, organized, secretive, and treach-
erous. Trust one the way you woulda Ravnos with your sister.
Only very occasionally, when your interests coincide, can
you work witha Tremere—and then you'll becomea liability
as soon as your usefulness is ended.


The Ventrue are the closest thing the Kindred have to
professional politicians, which is why they are shunned by all
sensible undead. Some of what they do may need doing, but
itis scarcely worth supporting these (figurative and literal)
leeches to do it. The next time you meet one, borrow his
handkerchief, and give it to the next pack of Lupines you
meet. They should be able to follow the scent.

NYon-Camarilla Clans
Anarchs

Okay, so they're not a clan. So sue me.

What can you say about a group that doesn't want
anything todo with the Camarilla, chat would justassoon see
the whole bunch get a tan, except — more power to them.

Assamites

I only heard about these guys through a friend, who
claims the whole bunch are really the Assassins of Hassan-i-
Sabah, made immortal by their undead master, and carrying
on his secret plans for world domination. As far as I'm
concerned, that's about as good an explanation as the Single
Bullet Theory. Whatever they are, I'm sure they knew
exactly what they were doing when they started emulating
the assassins of the good old days, and I'm sure they're pretty
damn dangerous when they want tobe. Steer clear, especially
in the Mideast.

Caititt

Anybody who doesn't know her sire or thing one about
the Camarilla is a Caitiff. They rise from all kinds of acci-
dents, including being sired by a Gangrel who gets killed
before he can declare himself to his progeny.

So, if you meet one of these unfortunates, give ‘em a
break. Try to minimize her chance of blowing the Masquer-
ade, and see if you can't point them at the anarchs or get
someone to adopt them. It's happened.

But some of these sorry sons of bitches are a lost cause,
destined for a lurid end on the front page of some sleazy
tabloid. Your best bet then is to pull out and make sure none
of your people are around when they blow.

Ravnos

Asdifficultas it may sound, these sleazy bastards manage
to give both Gypsies and Gangrel a bad name. In Eastern
Europe, where they first grew to prominence, the older
Gangrel tell ofa fiery Gypsy witch, skilled in the magical arts
ofillusion, who seduced a vampire lover to gain his power. He
betrayed the secrets of the Kindred to her, and in she in turn
betrayed her tribe in exchange for the Embrace. Out of such
deception, the old Gypsies say, were the Ravnos born.

Butold Gypsies are notorious liars... In any event, avoid
them if possible, sic somebody on them if not. We'd all be
better off without them.

Followers of Set
Idon't know about you, but !'m kind of leery of vampires
who worship the "god of darkness." Wasn't Set the devil of
Egyptian mythology? Call me crazy, but they just don'sound
like my idea of a good time.On the other hand, I hear that
icy nave teat eaten ierad comand caching sic tan
fill nepee co avay.

Giovanni
Idon't know much about them, but I understand they
helped one of our clan who asked for sanctuary at their
ancestral mansion. On the other hand, one of them com-
pletely wiped a Gangrel and a Brujah they ran across in a
business deal. Don't borrow money from them.

Other Sects

JInconnu

T've only met one Inconnu, and that was pretty much by
accident. This one may once have been a Gangrel (don'tfool
yourself, they're beyond caring about clan loyalties and all
that). In any event, he seemed sympathetic to the Gangrel
cause. Maybe the fact that most of these guys were born when
the world was covered with forest makes them appreciate our
tree-hugging clan. I don't know.

Sabbat

My humble opinion is that these bastards are the most
honest bunch ofus around. Make no mistake aboutit, they're
creeps. But at least they don't run around bemoaning lost
humanitas,and generally actingas though ourexistence were
anything more than the in-flight movie on the trip to hell.
On the down side, this makes them a real bitch to be around.
I certainly don't want anybody around who behaves worse
than I do. If you want to really piss one off, laugh at him —
but make sure you've already got one foot in the woods.

Hunters

If you ever get honest-to-God vampire hunters on your
ass, get the hell out of Dodge. Most of these guys have seen
‘way too many horror movies, get me? Go dig a hole and pull
it in after you.

With that bit of advice over, let's look at the known
groups that are a threat to your unlife:

The Arcanum

I know it's heresy to say it, since these guys are close to
cracking the Masquerade if anyone is, but they're such
harmless old farts! It's not that you can take one to dinner or


anything, but they just can't seem to get it together enough
to blow our cover.

For those of you who haven't heard, the Arcanum is a
loose affiliation of academics, cabalists, and occult investiga-
tors benton uncovering everything Man Was Not Meant To
Know. Cross a UFOlogist with the protagonist in an H.P.
Lovecraft story and you've got the idea.

Every generation ot so (from what I hear), a senior
member decides it's time to publish their findings on vam-
pires, public outcry be damned. So a committee is appointed
to bring the records up to date, another is set to cataloguing
physical evidence, a third starts cross-referencing previously
published materials, everyone involved starts bucking for
tenure so they won't be ruined when the story breaks ... and
nothing ever gets printed. I'd suspect someone was being
boughtoff, except that havingseen Congressand universities
at work, Idon't think it's necessary. The workings ofacademe
and bureaucracy are sufficient.

Steer clear on general principles; but don't sweat blood
over them.

The Inquisition

Did you know thatstatistically speaking, the Inquisition
is also relatively harmless? At least to Kindred, it's the truth.
Ashton talked to someone who audited their books, and
estimates they murder 80 humans and near-humans forevery
Kindred unlife they take.

Ofcourse, who knows how many of these are committed
by the actual Order of Leopold, and how many by splinter
groups, renegade membersand wannabes, but Ashton trusted
his source and I trust him, The worst thing you can do here
is act like a vampire, thus drawing their attention, or piss off

Special Rules for Gangrel

Note tothe Storyteller:

Vampire is, above all else, a storytelling game, and we
have done our best in this supplement to tell itasa story from
within the gothic-punk world of Vampire. Now, however,
we have some rule-specific information to present, so we
must step back into the allegedly real world.

What follows is a set of supplementary mechanics for
telling stories about Gangrel. As with all rules in Vampire,
they are optional! If one of these offends you, pluck it out! If
a tule doesn't seem to go far enough, or inspires you with a
better idea, by all means change it. You may wish to keep
these secret from the players, as in-depth stuff to be leamed
later from their elders. Above all, do what you think will
make the story more interesting and enjoyable for everyone
— not just you, not just the players, not just the Gangrel.
Good luck!

someone who turns you in just to get rid of you (something I
imagine happens more often than most of us would care to
admit).

On the other hand, once you get these people on your
ass, you're in the shit. These fanatics have been doing this for
generations, they know as much about us as any mortals, and
they're not afraid to use a hammer to kill a flea. Most of the
humans they kill probably die from smoke inhalation when
the Inquisition burn down a whole apartment building to get
at the one vampire inside.

Label them more dangerous than an incumbent politi-
cian. If you know these guys are in town, you're obligated to
report them so word can spread. I'd make the call froma car
phone, if you catch my meaning.

US.Government

Although they aren't widely known as hunters, the good
old U.S. government does maintain an interest in us, |
understand the FBI is nominally in charge, but there are
rumors that the CIA has been up to something Kindred-
related in South America. As I hear it, the FBI hunters are
some kind of inner cabal, agents who've run across vampires
during their duties and are then swom to secrecy and put to
work digging up clues to prove our existence to the rest of the
world.

Fortunately, except for a few incidents in the Pacific
Northwest, we haven't had too much trouble with the FBI.
The Forestry Service, on the other hand ... Did you know
these guys spend you and your victims' tax money to build
roads so that loggers can get to the old forest, chop down all
the trees and pay the "Forestry Service" less than it spent on
the road? I mean, hookers go to less trouble for a customer. |
hear that individual park rangers have found outabout either
usor the Lupines, but can't confirm the rumor. Let me know
if you hear anything.

New Gangrel Merits an? Flaws

Generally, these are to be chosen only when creating a
character, though the Storyteller may wish to make one of
these available retroactively toacharactercreated before this
work was published. They are meant for use with rules
presented in The Players Guide.

Superstitious (Cwo-point flaw)

The character has misconceptions about what he is. In.
the absence of a sire, he becomes what he believes himself to
be. "Hollywood-itis," the belief that one has the powers and
limitations of one of the several movie vampires, is the most
common form. A more severe manifestation (possibly worth
more points to the Storyteller) is a Gangrel who believes
himself a Lupine.


Ruse of the Wolfs Clothing (Twe-point merit)

In animal form only, the vampire still smells alive, even
to the super-sensitive nostrils of the Lupines. This is essen-
tially a "Baby Face" merit for altered forms, and may include
other lifelike symptoms at the Storyteller's discretion, as well
as a defense against the werewolf gift Sense Wyrm. If this is
the case, then the Storyteller may well want to increase the
cost of this merit.

Gift of Proteus (One, two or four-point merit)

This merit allows the Gangrel to "fine-tune" the shapes
achieved by the Protean Discipline. The number of points
spent determines the scope of the variation, which must be
specific, approved by the Storyteller, and defined when the
merit is chosen.

Examples:

For | point, the character can vary the special effects.
The character may modify the incidental effects of a form.
Red Eyes might glow an eerie green instead of red.

For 2 points, the character may achieve a minor varia-
tion on a form. For instance, a player may determine the
actual breed of wolf which her character may become.

For 4 points the character may make a significant varia-
tion in one of the Protean shapes, (as longas itisstill a shape
traditionally associated with Vampires), such as becoming a
black cat instead of a wolf. Among the forms traditionally
ascribed to Vampires were those of cats, crows, black dogs,
wolves, toads and bats.

Further Gangrel Disciplines
Adaptability (Protean Level 6)

With this discipline, a vampire can adapt himself to one
particular extreme environment. Extreme cold, heat (short
of Celsius 200°, the Kindred-kindling temperature), even
deep-sea pressures or the vacuum of space may be endured
with varying comfort. Note that the ability to survive the
environment does nothing to protect you against other
hazards. A deep-sea-going vampire might still be eaten, and
a space-traveller had best avoid the sunlight.

Communicating with Lupines

If you have Werewolf: The Apocalypse, there are
several modifications you might want to make in your game.
Several tribes hold differing views of Kindred. In particular,
those most likely to be sympatheticor to tolerate the Gangrel
are the Silent Striders, the Stargazers and the Uktena. The
Glass Walkers are more inclined to be open-minded than
most, but they aren't particularly close to the nature-loving
Gangrel. The Shadow Lords are another possibility, but they
are likely to be hiding something ...

Needless to say, the Black Spiral Dancers (of whom.
Ashton has heard only rumors) are likely to be interested in
contacting vampires, but only Sabbat members would have
nothingto lose from such an exchange. Every other tribe will
kill a vampire (Gangrel or not) on sight, except in the most
‘outrageous of circumstances.


Ingratiation 101

A Gangrel attempting to pass for Garou will need acover
story. She must preferably pretend to be a homid (a human-
born werewolf), since this will account for the lack of
familiarity with Lupine culture. "Lost children," or those
with Lupine blood that the Tribes are unaware of, are greeted
with great joy, for the Garou are no longer a fertile race, and
fewer still breed true.

Nonetheless, times being what they are, suspicions run
high, and the Lupine optimism will be tempered with a great
deal of suspicion. It is even possible that a Gangrel may pass
for a werewolf and still be suspected of being an enemy —a
Spiral Dancer, for instance.

Note that certain Skills can keep the werewolves from

nga vampire. A skill in Masquerade with
aspecialty of "Lupines," or Subterfuge skill plus Animal Ken
might work. Various Disciplines can have similar effect.

A note of clarification: the Garou Gift Sense Wyrm will
usually detect any vampire with a Humanity less than seven.
Others should be safe, though at the Storyteller's discretion,
such practices as Diabolism or Thaumaturgy may also give
one aways

Lupine Lore
This isa very important Knowledge for anyone expect-
ingto infiltrate the Lupines. It may be possible to findan elder
Gangrel who will be willing to work with a Neonate and
teach her this skill, but most likely it will need to come
through experience.

Lupine Language

The "language" of growls, barks and nonverbal commu-
nication making up the Lupine lingua franca is also quite
useful. Note that whomever teaches this skill invariably
passes on their own "accent," so depending on the teacher, a
character may give away more than they realize by convers-
ing in it. Once again, an elder Gangrel willing and able to
teach this skill will be rare, but possible.

Lupine Combat

Kindred with the Protean discipline may be able to learn
the principles of the Lupine martial arts. Most of the tech-
niques involve shapes other than the human, often with
shifts from one to the other. Subject to the limita-
tions of her shapeshifting ability (see below) a Gangrel may
become as proficient as time and teachers (and experience

points) allow.


Lupines can assume five forms — Homid (human),
Glabro (near-human), Crinos (Wolfman), Hispo (near-wolf)
and Lupus (wolf), Of these, (and assuming a Gangrel with
Protean discipline), the human, wolf, and near-wolf forms
are reasonable easy. At the Storyteller's discretion, a suffi-

tly bestial Gangrel with claws may be able to pass as a
Glabro. Only a true monster (and master of Protean disci-
pline) can pass for a Crinos. The Storyteller may wish to
provide for a special spell, ritual or Merit that may allow a
Gangrel to.assume this half-form, or make it one of the sixth-
level Protean Disciplines.

Lupine Skills

Certain of the skills of the Lupines may be available to
Gangrel who have become accepted or tolerated by the
Garou. Any skill that for one reason or another would require
accommodations to teach it to a vampire (a sun-ritual dance
or some such) cannot be learned by a Kindred character
moving covertly among the Garou — obviously, only if the
Garou teaching the skill is aware of the true nature of her
pupil will she make the accommodations needed. One of the
most important skills a Gangrel can leam is Rituals.

Rituals
These can be leamed as the Garou skills outlined in

Werewolf. The restrictions about covert vampires apply as
for other skills, but many of these will not be taught to any

known vampire, however trusted. Among those which might
be available, perhaps the most interesting from a Vampires
standpoint is the Rite of Spirit Awakening which allows a

character to awaken a sleeping spirit into action, or Rite of
the Open Bridge, which opens Moon Bridges. For a Gangrel
rouse this ritual, she musthave access toa cae andso forth,
just as the Lupines do.

TheUmbra

The Garou spirit-realm is notnormally open to the likes
of Vampire, who are readily distinguishable there by the
cloud of haunting spirits (victims? tormentors?) that cloak
them, and the fact that their "souls" are murky, almost faded-
looking. Only powerful rituals allow Kindred to "step
sideways."

Cricking the Lupines

Kindred cannot learn Lupine Gifts, as these inolve
ancient Garou spirits. However, they can use their own
Disciplines to duplicate them, and should do so if they are
trying to stay undercover.

Ifthe focus ofa story is a Gangrel attempting to deceive
one or more Garou into accepting her as their own, you have
the opportunity to tell a very powerful tale. The wearing of
masks is always revealing; if nothing else, the choice of mask
tell us about its wearer. In this same way, the deception being
practiced may give you the chance to explore the nature of,
the Beast, the funny way in which we tend to become the
things we pretend we are, and the tangled web we weave ....

You may also be able to generate some sympathy for the
noble Garou, which most vampires view as creatures out of
nightmare. Finally, you may be able to raise questions about
the Kindred and their ways. If you do your job properly, the
players may question whether the Garou are right, and the
ceaseless bickerings of the Kindred are serving the Wyrm in
leading this world toward destruction. And, if this is the case,
what (if anything) do they intend to do about it?



Chapter JJJ):

~

Gangrel Templates

You should have a good idea of the variety of characters
available to a Gangrel. Feel free to create one that is not
typical of the species: most of the interesting ones aren't.
However, in any Gather there will be some typical Gangrel.
Here are examples to use for character inspiration, or when
the Storyteller needs an instant supporting character.

The templates presented here are similar to those in
Vampire. The Natures and Demeanors given here are
samples only, You can easily alter these templates to fit your
concept of how you would want to run the character. Some
Natures/Demeanorsare taken from the additional selections
given in The Players Guide.


Archon-in-Craining

Quote: Yeah, go ahead and do it. I'm sure the elders
wouldn't mind. Of course I'll back you up. Go ahead.

Prelude: Violence is it. There's nothing you like better
than wading into a fight, arms and legs flailing about and
whacking everything in sight. The trouble with being
mortal, however, was that one good fight could get you in
more trouble than you wanted. You tried all the socially
acceptable avenues — sports, the military, marriage —
but even being a cop didn't give youall the opportuni-
ties for beating heads you wanted.

Thenaskinny old lady made you proposition you
couldn't refuse. After throwing you around your apart-
ment fora while, just to give you an idea of her strength,
she made you. ghoul, and set you loose battling something
called the Sabbat. You went about your work with pleasure,
and she wasso pleased with your success thatshe gave you the
gift of the Kiss.

While you still work with your Mentor on occasion,
you've found that there are foes everywhere for you to
fight. Indeed, the Camarilla seems to have made
a point of amassing as many violent foes as
possible, and you couldn't be happier.

Generally the sect leaders condone
your actions, since you usually fight
anarchs, but you've learned there are
some times when even a vampire should
avoid aight. Still, on the whole, you see
yourselfon the rightcourse— leg breaker
now, Archon tomorrow.

Concept: You pick fights at a

moment's notice. You know you're good
enough towin most ofthem. Even ifyou're
not, you'll still have fun until you lose.
You're willing to work with anybody to
further your purpose (fighting) but know
better than toadvertise your role in starting
the battles.

Roleplaying Tips: Not all Gangrel are
laconic outsiders. You're very social, and
other people generally enjoy your presence
— until you start beating on them. Try and
talk other people into starting fights, and then
act as though you're either coming to their aid

‘orpounding on them to preserve the Masquer
ade. Your coterie should respect you for your
power, but know better than to get into a fight
against you.

Equipment: Any weapons you desire
(though brass knuckles are your preference),

Yamaha Venture, leather jacket.

Clanbook Gangrel


VAMPIRE: The Masquerade

Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Director
Concept: Archon in Training

Generation: 9th
Haven:

Sey
Physical
Strength

Attributes
Social

Charisma, @00000

Perception. @@000000

Dexterity.

Wits,

Stamina,

o>

Rey

Talents
Acting. 00000000
Alert:

Abilities

on'
Knowledge

Computer. 00000000

Athletics,

Etiquette.

Finance.

Brawl.

Firearms.

Dodge.

Melee.
Music.

Empathy.

Law.
Linguistics,
Medicine.

00000000

Repair.
Security.

Occult,

Streetwise.

Stealth,

Politics.

Survival,

Science.

=e

a
Disciplines
is 90000000

Advantage

Bac junds
Generation @@00@0000
Mentor

Protean, @@000000

Resources
Status

0000000

vw

opm Other Traits —«--

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5_ Virtues:7 Freebie Point

oo Humanity —-—
@eeeee0000

<om— Willpower ——~--
@eeeeeee000
Ooooooo0o000

comm Blood Pool ——<--

Ooooo0o00o0o
Oboo0o0000000

<v— Weakness —---
GAIN ANIMAL FEATURE WITH
EACH FRENZY

5 (7/5/21)


Babe inthe Woods

Quote: Excuse me? Drink what? You mustbe out Ever since then, your sleep cycle has been hor-
of your mind! \ ribly messed up. You find it impossible to wake
Prelude: You liveda relatively normal life, \ y up before the sun has set, and always go to
until recently. You grew up in a world that A i sleep before day break. Needless to say,
didn't have room for things like vampire f \ your school work has suffered and your
and werewolves. The strangest thing that N \ \ friends tease you about being a vampire
ever happened to youwashavingsome 4 | — something you know to be impos-
one call you on the phone just as you‘ ( : ) sible.
were thinking of him. Concept: You haven't the faint-
Throughout childhood, high school " est idea what has happened.to you. As
and college, nothing about you stood far as you're concerned, talking to the
out. The only feature which separated animals makes you Doctor Doolittle,
you from your peers was your remarkable | 9 not some kind of monster. You may
talent at crafting stories, a skill you shared even have a Derangement that makes it
with none but your closest friends. So you difficult for you to remember exactly how you
grew up in uneventful fashion, happy get yoursustenance. Yourallies are your
with your place in the scheme of family—theoneplace youhave
things. always been able to turn
for solace.

Then, one night in

college, you went to Roleplaying
a party hosted Tips: You can
by some artist do this either
friends. Youmeta as a total in-
professional story- nocent, in which
teller there who spun case you may eam
the most amazing tall the enmity of your
tales about the strang- fellow players, or
est beings. Youwerealso youmay simply be
rather taken with the "playing along"
storyteller, which ac- to find out what
counts for your agreeing weird thing has

happened to
you. In either
case, youshould
use this charac-
terasafoiltopoint
up the atrocities of
the Kindred exist-
ence.
Equipment:
From typical human
pocket items to none
whatsoever.

to a date with a relative
stranger.

After he brought you
home, the two of you stayed
up late, spinning stories and
swappingtalesuntil the themes
turned tohortor. This was the
cone category he could top
you in, and you sat with
rapt fascination as the
hours slipped away. As
dawn neared, you sug-
gested he sleep at your
apartment, and he agreed.
When youwoke, however,
itwas the next night, and
he had left.

Clanbook Gangrel

Lt. Gangrel-t.

VAMPIRE: The —

Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Conformist

et tll

eae

Sire:
Generation: 11th

Attributes:7/5/3_Abilities:13/9/5_Disciplines:3_Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

ee

t Jie ll

Chronicle: Concept: Babe in the Woods ~~ Haven:
SSO 0" Attributes $o9r0<>
Physical Social Mental
Strength Charisma. Perception. @@000000
Dexterity A i 1
Stamina. Wits. @@000000
epeie yon
SOs Abilities POPC
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. @0000000 Animal Ken, #8000000 Bureaucracy. 00000000
Alertness_ @0000000 Drive. #8000000 Computer. 0000000
Athleti @0000000 Etiquette. Finance.
Brawl__ 00000000 Firearms. 00 if i
Dodge. 90 Melee. 00 Law.
Empathy Music. 00 Linguist
Intimidati Repair Medicine.
Leadership Security. 000000 ~— Occult. 00000000
Streetwise___00000000 Stealth. #0000000 Politics, 0000000
Subterfuge___ 00000000 Survival, @0000000 Science. @000000
<SOso" Advantage: Lo7O<>
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
lis Allies
Fortitude Contacts
Protean, Generation
oo0000000 Resources Self-Control,
00000000 00000000
Courage. 0000
Ses O=<>
ey
om Other Traits——e — -— Ht ity nee Health
Storytelling 00000 @ © 8 CCOCCCEO Bruised oO
History 000000 Hurt 410
Soo: peal Sea
oooov000 8 9 8 OO H0000 Wounded 2 O
ooooooond COOOOOO000 Mauld 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Pool Incapacitated =O
00000000 we
ccoo0000, OXOOOOOOUC  Gananmat FEATURE Wirt
sespece? EEO RES OOC EACH FRENZY



Appendix: ~~.

angrel of Note

Play

the game if you read on. You have been warned!

please read no further: the following material is for the Storyteller's eyes only, You will lessen your enjoyment of

Storyteller: Here are some interesting Gangrel that should not be used by players, but instead provide some ready-made

char:

ters for the Storyteller to incorporate or deri

inspiration from in her Chronicles. Feel free to change the specifics;

players may ignore these warnings and read what they shouldn't. But they'll be sorry!

Dr. Raoul King

Raoul King, Ph.D., Journalism, was something of a rebel,
even by the standards of the 1960s. He delighted in seeing
those in power brought low, and the particular school of
journalism to which he belonged, known as the Gonzo
school, did not recog
press. Indeed, Gonzo journalists do not believe the reporter
can be separate from the story.

Accordingly, it was 1968 in Chicago, at the Democratic
Convention, and Dr. King was busily becoming part of the

e the professional detachment of the

Night for details on the evening's events). King had not
intended to get this far into his story, and was not thrilled at
a tum of events he couldn't even make public — his death
and subsequent resurrection,

But after a fairly difficult period of adjustment, he has
turned his talents to uncovering and reporting on what he
perceives as corruption in the world of the undead.

His Status among the Kindred as a whole is low — his
occasionally muckraking tactics are not winning him any

d hiselders, and the fact thathe considers his jot

riot. Ashton, a 10%
was using the riots and subsequent disruption of the Kindred
society to create afew unauthorized progeny (see Chicago by

done ifhe makes story "public" to the other Kindred seems
inadequate to the younger vampires.

He does a little better among the Gangrel, sinc
than anything else, they enjoy a good story.

oe
?'

oP esl

Ree) Sena ea |

Appendix

leo |

Pe


Karen Anotos

Karen had inatedb h
was quite young. Naturally, when her agent found her a part
flick, she threwherselfinto the part. She was the

bright spot in an otherwise mediocre movie, and those who

take notice took notice, She won part after part, and though
typecast, sh di

of when they wanted a vampiress.
She also developed a devoted fan following, not all of
whom breathed. When she was Embraced by a well-
intentioned undead fan, she knew what had happened even
though her benefactor didn't stick around.
Us Fekava i
the scripts of her own lurid films. She has what is without a
doubt the worst case of Hollywood-itis on record.


Harbard

The Gangrel leader of the Black Forest hasa difficultjob
to do. First, he has to watch out for the German industries,
which are chopping down the forest at an increased rate, in
an effort to jump-start the Unified German economy. Sec-
ond, he has the largest Lupine population in Europe in his
domain. Fortunately, Harbard is a resourceful man. He has
managed to make his two enemies fight one another, and
even ally himself somewhat uneasily with one of them (the
Lupines). Now, however, he has to worry about the new
presence in Russia, as do mostof the supernatural inhabitants
of Europe.

Recent events in the Black Forest have given him a
bargaining point with the indigenous Sabbat tribe: their
leader was caught trying to penetrate into Faerie, lost atrial
by combat, and was given over to Harbard by the Folk as
punishment. How he will use this chip remains to be seen.


pot td did

Waelkyrige

Notan individual, bura group of warrior women, whose
leader has been documented in A World of Darkness. They
are literally the choosers of the slain and their title and
alized intoa religion. The Norse faith, part iculaly, hadroom
in itfor blood-magic, and these Gangrel were a part of it, The
Valkyries were not considered any less the messengers of
Odin for the fact that they were Kindred, just as the faithful
would not mind the Ten Commandments being engraved in
mere stone: the material at hand is what is used,

The role of the Valkyries was that of battle-fates: They
could appear in a significant battle to swing the tide to the
benefit of one side. As they chose the slain, there were two
options available to them. They could drink a vessel dry,
granting him death in battle (having one's blood drunk by a
Valkyrie counts), thereby guaranteeing him a place in the
afterlife, Or they could grant him temporary but real immor-
tality in the physical world by Embracing him.

Note that the Norse did not see a dichotomy between
the temporary immortality granted by the Embrace and the
immortality given to one who is taken to Asgard. Even
though most Kindred believe there is no hope for their souls
save Golconda, the Norse believed that even a revenant
could redeem himself in the eyes of Odin and gain the boon
of death in battle, and a subsequent place at the Table of the
Einherjar in Valhalla.

In any event, these daughters of Odin have awakened,
and believe the time of Ragnarok (the Norse Armageddon).
is near. Led by Brynhild, they have been consolidating theit
position (as they see it) and have been Embracing many, of
the combatants in recent battles, in order to build their
power. As their number has grown, splinter groups
formed. One of these, Oddindéhter (a radical feminist s
is responsible for much of the intelligence arriving, from
Russia.


The Gangrel relish their reputation as
the most mysterious of the Camarilla
clans, but even their secrecy cannot
stand forever. Now learn the secrets of
these enigmatic vampires — their
history and legends, their allies and
enemies, and the truth of their
relationship with the fearsome Lupine.
There is good reason why they stand
at the forefront of every vampiric we
none can stand against them.

ta)

Clanbook: Gangrel includes

© The history of the clan and
its unique view of the world;

* 10 sample characters suitable
for players and storytellers; and

© how the Gangrel run with
the werewolves and the
powers they gain.

ISBN 1-56504-046-5 i
WW 2052. $32000°0S D N y

ii al