# File: Garou Saga.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

"The werewolves tell the tales of cP scat 2 ns ative ia ware
Stories as old As time and cvem oldery storics

2 chestory and stofics-as mew As -
The Garon must remember. a ie eee
For when the "stories ate. new longer told, then the Dying Rice wal dic.


rah

al

SAG

RO

t
is

Ww

>

~~

Ps

|

by}

Ww x

s y

S g
¥

>

+ a

©

$ ry

>

w

©

a

>
|
seme rare ne Lin pm e

Credits

Poetry and prose: Rustin Quaide

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: John Bridges (Shogecka Hunter Moon, Alexandru ThunderRage, Kelly
Still Waters), Toni Diterrlizzi (Shu Horus, Oisin MacGaelach, Jack Debiltongue),
Richard Kane Ferguson (Klaital, Mockmaw, Old Red Eagle, Old Wolf of the
Woods), Brian Le Blanc (Leukippes, Gunnar Draugrbane, Yuri & Sophia
Tvarivich, Lone Wolf Lupo)

Cover Art: Richard Kane Ferguson

Front and Back Cover: Larry Snelly

Typesetting and Layout: Aileen E. Miles

tol 4598-B STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
a 30083

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without
the written permission of the publisher in expressly forbidden, except for the
purpose of reviews. Werewolf the Apocalypse and Who's Who Among
Werewolves: Garou Saga are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All charac-
ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company or product in these pages is
not a challenge to the trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion is advised.

A Ea TC LA PRAY

Author's (Dedication

To Vassily Aksyonov, teacher of Gogoliana and author of The Burn and
Generations of Winter.

That night was avery special night in my life, a night like a beacon. After such a night
you could go into the wastes of Siberia, you could even go to prison, but the glow of that
night would continue to brighten your life for a long time.

— Vassily Aksyonov, The Burn

=

EL PS AT LT imniy /,

LL,

Contents

Introduction

Klaital of the Stargazers: Klaital's Journey

Shu Horus of the Silent Striders: Exodus

Leukippes of the Black Furies

Oisin Mac Gaelach of the Fianna

Mockmaw of the Black Spiral Dancers

Gunnar Draugrbane of the Get of Fenris: Gunnar's Saga
Ol? Red Eagle of the Uktena: The Quest of Cleansing
Yuri and Sophia Cvarivich of the Silver Fang

Jack Debiltongue of London: The Bone Gnawer's Tale
Shogecka Hunter Moon of the Wendigo

Ol? Wolf of the Woods

Alexandru ThunderRage of the Shadow Lords

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers: Molasses Moon
Kelly Still Waters of the Children of Gaia

Garou Saga: Yotes on Epic Poetry

Contents

|

fA LE Ps ST Ee LT NT

12
18
26
32
38
46
54
62
68
14
82
90
98
106

o,
tL

»


Listen, Gaia! J am the Bard,
Fianna's great Galliard,

Chosen by my kindred to sing

Songs that the great ancestors bring;
Ancient songs sung to haunting tune
Before this throng below the moon,
Memories of the distant wars
Hallowed to Mother Gaia's cause!
Songs of the warrior blood shed

Which stained the earth like autumn's dead,

Fed to us since Impergium

When men were blind, afraid and dumb,
Before Weaver's cities took bloom

And brought our wild wolf kin doom.
Men attacked, afraid to fail

Before us, before the Veil.

Long was that howling primal fight:
The werewolves in the woods of night,
Men huddled in their towns of clay,
Fearing night, singing hymns to day.
So distant it is to describe

When all Garou were of one tribe.
Here even past lives all but seem

The echo of a vanished dream,

When one tribe ruled the ancient night
Holding Gaia's laws with wolf might.
Tt is when that first tribe scatters
That we reach the gold that maHers:
For one scatters into the throngs,
Making thirteen heroic songs.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

AN AVS YR TS AD

|

=

Now the old tales J will sing,

The legends that the moon will bring.

J will sing of the noble wolf,

Hunter of man-print and the hoof,
Quardian of the hidden north

Whose howling hurt was driven forth
From their old southern hunting ground.
By Weaver's children wolf brought down,
By Wyrm driven from the old land.

At last Wyld must take a stand,

Break snares and chains and then fight back!
Hunt the Wyrm's tools — Attack! Attack!
Make Gaia's defilers bleed and die
Beneath the moon, beneath the sky!

The claw that digs! The tooth that rips!
The fighters of Apocalypse!

From desert sands to lands frozen
Come the Garou — Gaia's chosen!
Children of the hurt hidden earth,
Bloody in both their death and birth,
Gaia's fighters, our scouts prowling,
The night hears our werewolf howling.
Our foes know that Garou are near.
They taste their death in draughts of fear.
Tn fear they run with hurried breath,
The sheep that meet the hound of Death.
And throughout the deep nighttime skies,
The howling of a thousand cries
Summoning the tribes to be true,

The thirteen tribes of the Gaarou.

Introduction

ANT Se AY PERE ED

x _ > | aN

From the Fianna's master myths,

J bring to you the thirteen gifts,

Gifts of heroes from every age

Written in blood in Gaia's rage.
Ancesiral songs from each tribe's lore,
Thirteen tales of Wyld's Way,

The wars our people will fight

When comes Apocalypse night.
Thirteen tales we shall sing yet:

From Strider, Walker and the Get,
From Gnawer and old Wendigo,

The secret that the Gazers know,
Songs of Furies and Glass Walkers,
Songs from the Talon wolf stalkers,
Tales from the old Silver Fang,

And the duel the Fianna sang,

The Uktena shaman of old,

And Gaia's Children, wise and bold —
Told and merged in the bardic spell,
The tales that this bard will tell.

But one tribe we will hear of yet,

The tribe we lost and won't forget.
Lost from the Wyld long ago,

Our dark brother and hated foe,
Gaia's evil growing cancer

Wyrm embraced Black Spiral Dancer.
Then all wolf songs will have been told,
The great Garou tales of old.

The moot is ready to give ear

To the fourteen songs they will hear
Reflected in midnight's waters,

Gaia's mighty sons and daughters.
Now come forth, kinsmen, and listen —
The tales that will now begin!

Oe
| iiaiomey /,

—,


laital of the Stargazers

Klaital's Journey

I was the seeker of the Garou slain,

Searching for wisdom in the Wyld's pain.

I was the fire of wolf desire — and I

Howled pure with the Talons through the northern sky.
Pondering on lost words left by the wise,

I sought the noble ideal through silver eyes.

Then falling down, I found the fearful road

Carved by the embittered Shadow Lord.

Enough of strife! I found the city stalkers

And learned of men from the old Glass Walkers.

I felt the wrath of Furies, but could not seem

To find those golden shards of my haunting dream.

The dream, shown strong to me in younger days,

When I grasped it turned to ephemeral haze,

A taunting mirage taken by winds blowing

Through my youth. That distant star! That light glowing!
But I did not see my shadow as a man.

I gazed at stars, pondering that night land.

It seemed all Garou paths had but one goal:
Dancing to the tune of a single soul!

Pack and tribe were the Garou's true home,
Yet from pack and tribe I was removed alone.
Tears I wept for the Weaver, Wyrm and Wyld,
And sorrow I held for the human child.

I turned to men, whose ancient troubled tomes
Of wisdom I found under crumbling domes —
The laws of Solon and Zeno's paradox

And the bones of a saint in a wooden box.

Plato's idea of Forms danced before my eyes

Until Aristotle named them noble lies.

The words of Confucius told of the good life,

Yet the Buddha's teachings spoke of sorrow's strife
Of being, the Brahman looked at karma's laws,
Jesus Christ spoke forgiveness of sin's flaws,

Klaital of the Stargazers

QA AL TA RD ED

|

|

The Hebrew books and words of the Prophet read —
And was no nearer my goal than the cold dead.
Ae

Nan EE OReUEWEEn

I reflected then that words writ down were bare
Of experience's harsh awakening snare!
Looking in winter, I saw that each snowflake
Was alone of individual make,

But the Garou seemed to lack the spirit's spell
Of individuals who are free to dwell

In Gaia's realm. I thought some hidden bond
Held them in life and in the dark beyond.

I resolved to go across the moon's highway
To the Umbra Realms, but I was lead astray
By the Faerie Folk with their songs and spells
And wistful fancies sung on sacred dells.

|

eel, //

I had seen the Impergium cause much grief

To the race of man; I sought relief.

By the constant killing, we but teach

Our prey to kill. The Garou overreach

Their aim. Already we have slain the Gurahl bears.
Other werebeasts whisper, "Garou! Beware!"

My Kinfolk cannot see the path we tread.

Where light is strong, the shadow causes dread,
Men pushed to the Wyrm and Gaia made to weep.
At wisdom's loss I sought the Harano sleep.

Long had I been removed from my Garou kin.
This I knew: the journey out is the journey in.

From the Harano sleep, none have returned to light
To give report from despair's dark night.

In death does Harano push life beyond

Other paths forsaken to break life's bond.

From the east I came, to no direction go,

To fly to the desert and forge a soul.

What did I see on those shifting sands

Of strange adventures in many lands?

The great lost desert of dried-up tears,

Forlorn of hope and forlorn of fears,

j
Le

Cinnamon winds reached me on that weary road,
Walking forever under heavy load.

In lush forests young with youth's desire

At last | came and met with eyes afire

King Peorkel of the monkey folk.

Eager to discard my heavy yoke

And be my friend, he was swift to learn

That my load was poison. His hands did burn
Upon touch. He told me to forsake my quest
And stay, but although weary I could not rest
Nor stay in the company of another.

He seemed discouraged, this simian brother!
1 left him lonely in his land of trees,
Scenting the riddle in unchartered seas.

Now as my heart began to fill with gloom,

T sought Kresh Fala of the panthers, whose doom
It was to ask and reason each riddle,

A young woman's game. She saw me the middle
Of every question. I pushed forth still

To icy realms where the blizzard devils fill

The howling winds of our empty desires.

Cold their fare after Afric's fires!

Hoorumal their master, wise old devil,

_ Was given to despair by earth's evil.

T held my own, and in solitude strode

To the World's Edge with weighty load.

L arrived there at the Edge, and alone

Heard the grinding ice of that frozen zone.
Beyond the noise I pushed my sole will

To the furthest reaches where the ice was still.
My dying heart urged me, bloody and torn,

To the desolate place where despair is born.
In Desolation's heart, I despaired at last

E


And gave up all hope as my life strength passed
At the navel's heart. In wolf form I sought death
When distant light caught my dying breath!

A glowing star, its brilliance shone

In that forlorn place I lay alone!

The deeping lights reached out, and I grasped
At the mysterious star whose light I clasped
And anew was born in that land of woe.

The hidden star within caused my eye to show
Me many things, my form in a crystal lake,
And infused with being, I did forsake

All pack allegiance. I was myself alone

In that icy land where I awoke new born!
Laughing, I leaped onto the ice which mirrors
My fleeting form over fleeing years.

More than myself I saw, many shades,

A multitude mourning as memory fades.

I howled with the wolf shades and laughed with men,
And insight into all hearts began.

The noble wolf I saw driven forth

Before the hunters into the north.

Adam's children improves his tools and weaves
Cities of wonder while the Garou grieves

The open spaces conquered, the death of herds,
The truths then the philosopher's game of words.
The arcane secrets were hidden, and the spells
Become passwords for mages in secret guilds.
The Faerie Folk retreat to their dreaming home.
In man's city, the vampire laughs alone.

With clear vision, I beheld as a child
The ways of the Weaver, Wyrm and Wyld,
The triple riddle of dark infinity,

The answer to ancient harmony.

But the union broke, wild Garou

Attacked Weaver's children and slew and slew.
This smashed to pieces the ancient pattern,

Each shard torn and angry, which further shatters
The original. The wild blind slayers

Drove Weaver mad as her children's prayers
Caused her descent. She then wove dark desires —
Such are Weaver's destructive fires.

Into the heart of the triple Wyrm I stared
And guessed the riddle of the doom ensnared,
Thrashing for release in the old abyss.

From the Garou's hatred we created this:
Our darkest foe, our evil other,

The shadows of our wants, our taboo brother.
The unexamined find the Wyrm without.
Within we must begin the darkest doubt.
And within I stared, then cast my eyes afar
On the bright lights of that distant star!
Finding my faith in that pale fire,

The single star that was my old life's pyre.

I pondered on my race, our numbers thinning
And retreating with our hopes of winning.

War against the Wyrm, gaining Gaia's blessing,
Cause many to await doom and guessing

When that holy war would come and make a-right
The world. Whose tribe would lead the final fight?
I unclasped the broach of despair, and it fell

With the Harano into the dark night's hell.
Awake I stepped and blessed that faithful star
Seen in that crystal ice and reflected far

Off every glinting gleaming arctic strand

Of snow in that enchanted winter land.

10 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga


One step, and Hoorumal in his despair

Received the spark of light into his care

Given as a Word. The blizzard devils tossed
Aside their white raiment, in colors lost

Their sorrows, and danced and laughed and sang,
That empty land with their echoes rang.
Another step, before me Kresh Fala's form

I touched, and in her panther eye there shown
With sparkling light my gift of the hidden Word.
I stepped and asked Peorkul, "Have you heard?"
The monkey danced with laughter when I spoke
The Word of light to the monkey folk.

Where I walked, the spring flowers grew and bloomed,
Fresh waters fell, and the earth was renewed.

My barren landscape from desert sands

And the pole's fierce ice are but the strands

L saw within, but now the sacred light

Opened my vision to both day and night.

And the light was with me ever after

In deepest solitude or wisdom's laughter.
Awake! I told the Garou, showed them the way
To find the light, I brought Promethian day.
They did not come. I heard in undertone,

"The path of Klaital is the path alone."

So it has proved. Many autumn leaves have died,
And no disciples come to my lonely side.

The seasons change, and the lengthening years
Do not break my hope in this vale of tears.

In solitude 1 do not regret my goal

That found the star path which made me whole.
I leave for others in code and story

My path. Others wiil find great glory

In the path of the star, to reach beyond
Ourselves and find wisdom when we break our bonds.
But I grow sad, and even in wisdom's noon,

I long for wolf songs under the autumn moon.



Shu Horus

of the Silent Striders

Before the wolf gave Rome her kings,
Ere Troy of old Priam's pride,

Ere Wisdom to Solomon sings,

Stood Egypt where old secrets died.

Beneath the sands of Sakkara
And whispered in old Ashmonein,
The curse they heard in Dendera
Carried by winds from Levantine.

Set came to the Middle Kingdom,
Grandson of lost undying Cain,

Drank blood as he had in Edom,

Spreading Cain's curse to Nile's plane.

Beneath the Valley of the Kings
In western Thebes nigh Luxor,
Set built his catacomb dwellings

Whence spread his dark plague like fever.

Exodus

The night-laughter by the Nile,

The fear that fell on Pharoah's tomb,
The Embraced Rites, old and vile,
The dead king who laughed at doom.

Words were whispered to priest and scribe
From the Nile's mouth to old Punt.

Osiris heard of Set's night tribe,

And Egypt's priests began their hunt.

So began the war of old night

Fought in the tombs and lonely spots.
Ancient darkness and ancient light
Fought at court with whispered plots.

In Egypt, in the desert sands,

Dwelt the desert Silent Striders,

The wolf-changers of the Pharoah's lands,
Egypt's wizards and pathfinders.

Shu Horus of the Silent Striders

Old Gebel led them long ago
Away from the human slaying.
They did not see man as a foe.
To the Nile they came straying.

Egypt they found a welcome home.
They stayed and grew to love it soon,
Free in Man's stone cities to roam
Or howl beneath the desert moon.

On many lonely paths they tread

And led spirits from this far shore

Passed to the houses of the dead,

Then met those who refused Death's door.

Dead bodies who dared defy death,

Whose dark spirits did not depart,
Blood-glutted ghouls of dark tomb's breath,
Undead living through Cain's black art.



He asked those who knew prophecy
The knowledge of hidden secrets.
They told him, "Break the mystery,
The riddle that the Sphinx keeps,

"The moonlight scroll of Khnum,
The riddle of the silent god,

The serpent spell of old Anum,
The lost word of the Book of Nod

"In the veiled Book of the Dead.
Before you reach the other shore,
Break the Ba which has always fled
The Khat, and find the hidden lore."

Before the Sphinx he went and bowed,
Then guessed its concealed riddle.

The Sphinx called him kin and then vowed
To help all those of the middle.

"For we are middle between man

The builder who always asks why,

And middle between the beast clan
Who hunts and plays beneath the sky."

"I ask the path to the lady's home,

Of Isis, protector of men,"

Shu Horus asked the Sphinx of stone,
Who showed him where the path began.

On road of gods from mortal lands,

The mortal pays in silent tears

Where the old gods enthroned command
Men's brief lives through fleeting years.

Isis beheld him as he went.

She called to Shu Horus, "My son

With head bowed low, with back well-bent,
What fares where Egypt's waters run?"

"You must save my Silent Striders.
Set has proclaimed on them his doom.
He slew the priest of Osiris.

Give me victory's sign, a boon."

Isis' reply fell as rain,

"You cannot kill him, for his fate
Is by a great mage to be slain
When Egypt falls to younger state.

"] shall bless your staff of power.
In it I shall place Set's dark bane,
Placed in the tomb of Sakkara,

It waits to slay the kin of Cain."

Isis showed Shu Horus strange roads,
The gods' mysterious highways
Where ancient arcane knowledge flows

Down turns where time and death decays.

x

———— 9999 m@ oy SAN
Sb stt, So — si hze ae? Daal


He returned and placed the blessed staff
In the tomb of the pyramid.
Then he returned with bitter laugh

_ To where the Silent Striders hid.

He looked about that forlorn place
And called all of his werewolf kin. -
"Out of Egypt we need to race,"

He said. "Let us now begin."

The Silent Striders went by day
Up the banks of sacred Nile.

By night they disguised their way,
Using every desert guile.

Set was angered by their escape.

He took his dead into the night
Against those who took the wolf shape,
Seeking to slay them in their flight.

By the river's sand banks Set came,
Surrounded the Silent Striders.

He sought to ease them of life's pain,
Destroy the wolf night riders.

Then Shu Horus aimed his ash bow,
Shot arrow into undead Set

Whose sting caused him to curse below
The god of scorpions Serket.

The blood-glutted priests ran to them,
Risen from their labyrinth lair.

Set and priests blinked at the wolf clan
As Striders vanished in the air.

They strode down the magic pathway.
They had escaped the evil snare.
Walking on roads where the gods pray,
They came to old Dahshur.

Some said, "We thank you for the door,
The spell which opened the path here.
We can always flee as before

If Set departs his southern sphere."

One night, Shu Horus walked alone
And felt unseen eyes on his back.
He turned into the half-wolf form,
Preparing for the attack.

Then walked before him woman's form,
Someone he recognized from old.

"Are you still raging at Set's storm?"
She asked in tone both near and cold.

Shu Horus dropped the half-wolf shape,
Glad to see his old friend Nephthys.

She laughed, "Old wolf, you can't escape
The priestess of mother Isis,"

"You look so white, so pale white,"
He said, "the white of slow decay.

I think you serve the eldritch night -
And have sundered bonds from day."

"I am white, so pale white.

Soon you will accompany me.

I offer life with but one bite,

The kiss that sets all sorrows free."

So spoke Nephthys, dead and pale,
"Immortal night you won't regret."

She moved to remove life's veil.

She heard: "I serve the Moon, not Set."

cu © SS Sm. Ter Cus 2278
AOR? x05 t7 Bs ©. | t= 3

mq? oy EEN

el

a

16

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga


agen

He took to half-form and attacked,

Shredding midnight moonlight pallor,

Ripped through the life which brought her back,
Let her die by Nile's water.

"You can thank me," at last he said.
"You can now serve Isis, not Set."
She scoffed at him, "I may be dead,
But I will not be in your debt.

"I longed for the night's endless life
Which you havé torn and seized from me.
O stupid wolf of stupid strife,

You have slain immortality.

"Hear me, Set! Let the wolf kin roam! ae

Hear me, Egypt! Let them fly!
Let them call no land for long home.
Homeless exiles let them die."

So perished Nephthys, once his friend,
Left dead by the Nile water.

The river made songs of her end,

Isis' priestess and Set's daughter.

Shu Horus to his folk ran back.
They fought the minions of Set.
Shu Horus then aided his pack,
Opened the path beyond regret.

His folk followed the hidden way
Which led them: fromm old Egypt's shores.
Exiles they became that day —

Exiles they were evermore.

From Sinai to old Babylon
Where purifying waters run,
Wanderlust urged them ever on

i
ca a

To all lands beneath the moon and sun:

They are a race of wanderers

Who know all hidden maps and roads.
‘Wise scouts and faithful messengers
Doomed to depart each new abode.

In shadow-haunted Egypt,

The ancient gods fade away.
Where Osiris died and Isis wept
Lie the tombs of old decay.

Other tongues are now spoken p28
~ On the long and winding Nile, ut

The old ways lost and broken,

Save in the heart of the exile.

set

artery = 4

ci —<—

RA bee TES

CA. Fir.

TES ANS

~ Wee] Bp}

WITT

f
))



fel

Nelelelel

eet!

FE Eeeeeleeelefetel

lel fe

al

ele

Nella

ealeleate

Leukip pes
of the B lack Furies

eeleelel

eiffel

elec

Peaeeeerelele

Eee eee

2

ete

(2!

PeePEEeReee eee

BEEP eeeeeeeeeee

Palette

Te)

Listen! When the earth moans her secret,
whispers rise from groves sacred to

the Triple Goddess, old Euroynome
worshipped still by the old dwellers of Greece,
the daughters and sons of Crete, Egypt and Attica.
Her tremors are not as loud as those of
Poseidon Earth-Shaker, giver of horses, brother
of Zeus Invincible.

Her tremors are stronger, and the three Fates
bind even the young Olympian gods

to them. Listen to the tale woven

about swift Leukippes, Amazon

leader among the Sauromatae people of

the Black Sea. Renown warrior,

Leukippes, leader among the wolf people,

the change-skins, the Black Furies, daughters of
Artemis and Euryale.
To her the earth, our mother, gave thanks.

She grew to womanhood in the Scythian country,
near the shores of the Black Sea, among the
wolf people of the Amazon race, who fought alongside

and lived with the Sauromatae males, their lovers and friends.

The Scythians speak part-Greek, but the language of the
long-haired Mede is not unknown to them.

Dark was the hair of Leukippes, fierce her eyes.

She led her people, the woman warriors of the wolf,

into the countries of the Mede and the Macedonian.
Many a man's.flesh was rent on warrior's raids

as Leukippes howled long under the moon.

Leukippes of the Black Furies

—

elelel

ele

PRR EreEle

19
eleleletel


Peele eect

Sacrifice of the kill they made and sang to

the moon in her three mysteries before Aurora's
rosy-tipped fingers set the east afire with the coming
dawn. She had dragged down the Geloni chieftain
and slew the great warrior Ergotcles of Ephesus,

of the line of Herakles, near the Lydian country
where the

tongues blend.

On a day after the summer's sacrifices
some of her distant kinsmen, wolf people of

"the shadow who dwelt among the Neurians,

came before her with a stranger, Ancaeus of
Thebes, a wolf brother, a walker of cities.
Evadne, the friend of Leukippes,

mocked him for his over-civilized ways, saying
that a city was no place for any tribe of the
wolf people.

He bowed low before the young Amazon.

"Tell us your tale. What is wrong in the land of the Greeks?"
Leukippes asked, piercing him with her eyes, sharper
than an arrow of Artemis.

"A new priest of Apollo has arisen at Delphi,
Kamisos by name, fairer than a god in form. Some
claim Apollo fathered him in secret in Chalcis.

He has called for followers from the

Greek countryside, men of arms, to rid the

country of the wolf children. Strange spells

the priest casts, and they slaughtered many

of our people in Boeotia and the Peloponnese.

Our people whisper that Kamisos is possessed

of a terrible power, but not from the god

Apollo Lycaeus, wolfish Apollo, originally

the friend of the wolf people. No, he was tainted by

the evil fruit of the Wyrm, Gaia's dark shadow.
None stand in Greece with the power to slay him,
and our kin on the other side of the Hellespont
make excuses. I overheard from merchants of
Ionia about the Amazons and came to plead

our cause."

Long Leukippes thought. Apollo had seized

Delphi from the Mother Goddess and absorbed

her ancient power of prophecy.

He had slain the serpent worm the mother placed there
at the world's navel, dark Delphi. Now

he built art over the ancient terror and

gave music more refined than Pan's to the sons

of Greece, soothing them from the harshness

of life. From wolves, Apollo moved to

civilization. But his dark brother, Dionysus, the

god of the reborn and dying vine, still

led wild his followers. Apollo's priests

approached the priests of Dionysus, god

of many forms, and they wished to include

him among the Olympians. Leukippes could only guess why
Apollo and Dionysus would share power. She did
remember that long ago Dionysus had defeated

the Amazons in battle, when he returned from India.

"I will help," she said, thinking of

vengeance on both gods.

Choosing twelve warriors, Leukippes prayed to the goddess
with her Scythian moon sickle, then cut the sacrifice

for a favorable outcome. Wise as Odysseus, Laertes' son,
and his plan to take Priam's city of Troy,

she thought about how she could most swiftly reach the
Greek country. Before their departure,

she played with her little daughter Arine, setting

20

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

Seer! ele

elevate

ele

eae

EERE EEEEPEREEEEBEEEEereeer

el


bright stones in an infant's pattern. Then kissing her daughter,
she handed her to old Idyia and was off with her warriors.
Ancaeus and some Neurians took

them before a large Greek ship, claiming them captives before
the ship captain, who was carrying tin and gold

from the Don River from Exampaeus to Byzantium.

A price was reached, and the proud Amazons were taken aboard
as slaves and placed with other captives.

On a dark night while the rowers rested,

the women changed form into the dreaded half-wolf.
They slaughtered the sailors, and dark red stained
the pine and tar of the boat. Over the waves of the
Black Sea, their victory howls were heard.

PES eeereeeeeceeereePeeeeereeereaee

"Now free the slaves!" Leukippes ordered, and three were
found who knew the ways of the sail and the
customs of the Greeks. Great stores of beef, fish
and barley bread soaked in olive oil were

found. Through the Bosphorus they rowed,
giving tribute to the lords of Byzantium

and releasing the unhappy slaves. At last they
came to Pagasae, in Thessaly. They kept hidden
the bronze arms of the slain sailors

and inquired where the followers of

Dionysus were to be found.

Here wolf allies came and told Leukippes
of what transpired in the lands. The Assyrians and
Thebes were talking of war. From Ionia, the

Eee eel leePeeeeerileeeeeeEeeeele

Pelee

ele!

Eaelele

eee eee eee eee!


APE Eee e eee eeleeeeeeererela

Delphi. The followers of Dionysus, the wild Maenad
women, were in train with the masked priest,
holding their frenzied orgies in the wild countryside,

followers of the vine god had come, approaching

a madness the Scythian women regarded as horror.
The word of Kamisos had found more followers in
Corinth and Athens, already in Ionia his war

was spreading. Leukippes had told her

Amazons to convey to the Greeks that they were
followers of the vine god from the wild Black Sea
country, but in no way reveal that they were warriors.
The star of faithful Sirius, guardian of Icarus,

shown fiercely in the night sky.

The Maenads were moving towards serpent-holy Delphi,
to join Kamisos, who now held more

power than any Greek priest ever had. The wild
Dionysus was to be brought in, the god

admitted as the long-lost son of Zeus Thunderer and dark
Seleme. The Brother of Light would welcome

his Dark Brother and their festivals unite.

The Black Furies came across some wolf hunters
and noticed the wolf pelts and silver weapons.
Raging, the Black Furies fell upon them,
breaking bones in teeth of iron, slaying with
hate the startled hunters.

Some of the Black Furies were injured by

ERIE Ieeieleeeeeeeelele

POPPE eee meaeelelelerele

Ie

fa

N

EEE eee eee eeelelelelrele!

aIejelelelelelele

* eet

Feber EEE EEE Eee eee eeeoePleeeeeemEe eee

Syed

aprerayryey eevee)

the silver-tipped swords, but no wounds proved
fatal. Apollo's hunters they sent to Hades'
gloomy realm. Long they howled their victory.

The next day they spotted the followers of Dionysus.
Leukippes joined the wine god's women.

Many wore masks, and the Amazons had their
own as well as sacred gowns. They were
well-disguised. Surprised was

Leukippes to find two wolf women

among the Maenads, from the Ionian country.
"Among all Greece, it is safest here,"

they said, but mentioned that those sisters who
strayed too far had been slain by the wolf hunters
of Kamisos.

Melanippus, who wore the gold mask of Dionysus,

and the skin and horns of the goat god, was the vine god's
priest. He performed the goat dance of tragedy, first
performed by poor Icarus when he received the gift

of wine from his guest, the disguised wine god.

He felt something amiss when he looked

at Leukippes with her pondering

dark eyes. The voice of his god called within him,
warning him that this woman was a dark mystery.

On a day after they had passed Mount Olympus

in the land of Thessaly, important men

from Pagasae and Euboea came, bearing wolf pelts.
Riding with them, with bow and arrow,

in a long white robe and golden mask

came Kamisos, priest of sun guardian Apollo.

The smell of the dead wolves struck hard the Amazons,
but they hid it well. Apollo's priests

threw the bodies of the wolves and burned them. Some

were in human form. He gave an oration
to the camp of the wine god's people

as the priestess and her servants prepared
for celebration.

"This land, children of Dionysus, has been

cleared of the wolf-changers," he said, his voice

sweet and ringing in their ears. "Hateful

beasts, they are the sons of Moeris and once

under the care of Apollo and Artemis. But

although Apollo cared for them, they forsook him,
worshipping the ancient Mother instead of the

son of Zeus. They are a terror to the flocks

and the countryside. Men they stalked and slew

in the Golden Age, if our numbers grew too much.

Now we hunt them. The god of music must overcome the beast."
A light sparkled in his eyes.

"It is hoped the beast may die. Dionysus

will allow us to become the Wyld, and Orpheus,

torn apart by you Maenads, shall teach us longing out of
this world and our tired bodies which cannot compare
to the beauty of the gods. Orpheus was a priest

of Apollo, torn apart by Dionysus' fury."

This he told the mad god's people and

removed his mask.

Kamisos was more beautiful than any god. The light
fell down his hair like rivers of gold. He smiled

and said, "I have learned many mysteries which I
shall soon share with you, I who have stared into the
depths of Delphi and beheld the serpent worm.
Who has done likewise and lived? Even the

priests of Babylon and Egypt yield to me their
secrets when I speak of the dark worm's blessing.
The worm has given me instruction in divine voice.

Leukippes of the Black Furies 23

el

TEE ee cee eeeeheaeeeealelelele


POM eeeelelelel|

(u We are to clear the lands of the wolf children, that
cities may grow in the half-wild lands
of Macedonia, Scythia and Thrace and be subject to law."

Leukippes realized that the priest could kill

from a distance with a baleful glance.

Only the best hunters learn that. Leukippes became
silent and thought of the lore her mother

taught her.

Melanippus welcomed Apollo's priests,

and:they went to a place in the hills

where ancient stones had been set over a vanished
people, a necropolis, an old city of the dead.

The dithyramb was begun as songs and dances

to Dionysus began. A priestess mixed the wine,
and as it was passed, the playing of flutes and the
beating of the drums started. Kamisos felt great
power among the bones of the dead and smiled.
His followers drank with the Maenads, but the
priest of Dionysus placed a sacred circle about the
hilltop in case the frenzy of the women became
too great. Already they tore at their hair and
wailed.

Men and women danced intoxicated. The two

priests watched behind masks of gold. Leukippes

stealthily moved, then began a wild Scythian

dance. Her warriors danced about her. Long

Kamisos stared at the wild woman, and desire filled his limbs,
and he was happy as she approached them on the hilltop.
One of his men ran from the hill, pursued by women

who tore at his clothes and killed him. The

sounds of wild music covered his screams, and

he was forgotten in the city of the dead.

24 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

The sun was down, and the silver bow moon of
Artemis looked down on the revelry. Leukippes
smiled at the priests, and Kamisos removed his golden mask.
His youthful face and Olympian calm almost stopped
her. The afterglow of the sun hung over the hills,
and the scents of night reached her. She took

his hand, shook her wild hair, and he smiled.

Then he saw her, a half-wolf snarling with hate

in her eyes, and with one swipe of her clawed hand, she
marred his divine face, and with her canine teeth,
she bit into his neck. His blood

sprayed over the ancient markers of the dead,

and he slumped to the earth, a thing broken.
Kamisos was stronger then many men. Great had

the Wyrm made this priest of Apollo, the god

who had usurped the goddess Euroynome,

creator of the serpent he declared dead at

Delphi. As he attempted to rise,

twelve werewolves were upon him. With a

powerful glance, he stopped one of them,

Marpessa, and she fell over dead. Two

more werewolves of the Maenads came,

and they tore the body of Kamisos to pieces,

thirteen wolves ripping into the dead body.

Now the wolf women and Maenads attacked the

warriors of Kamisos, slaying them amidst the

city of the dead. On a hill, some made a stand with bronze
swords and armor, but they were engulfed by the

enraged Maenads and wolf Amazons, the Black Furies.

Their bodies were scattered, and the crows ate their remains
in the old necropolis.

So were avenged the wolf people of Thrace, Thessaly and the
Peloponnese, and so were avenged Hera and Medea and
many a daughter of man and wolf. The crying

VERE Beale

APPEAL


a

Pea eaeaeaeeeiElel

in those haunted hills lasted until the night was old.
Over their work the ancient triple goddess
cast her dark blessing.

Melanippus and his priestess beheld all. Their
fellow priest had fallen by their side.

Yet they did not stir, the children of Dionysus Omadios.
The Maenads were in abandon, but soon

the wolves surrounded them.

Leukippes ‘addressed him in human form:

"You are the priest of Dionysus, the god who

is torn apart and reborn?" she asked, her

wolf warriors about her.

Melanippus was intoxicated by his god, he feared
not death or the drear kingdom of Hades.

"Accept as our sacrifice your brother, the priest of Apollo,"
she said, and she tossed the golden mask of the archer god,

bloodied, at his feet.

Dark shapes disappeared into the night

and the grass, and the dead whispered

to the old set stones: "The Black Furies were here."
And then they were gone, to the land of the Lemnians,
driven by swift winds to their own country,

out of Greece and into legends.

PSSST eS eas Se es seas een ea eeietietes

[2

QB

See eiaeaeseSJeeQeSeeeeee verve)

ae

ie

PEPPER E Eee eeeeeaeeietel


; Am te ~ .\e aes SJ
cm te. -
: A . Wwarhow
- v, A ¥ AN UTNY a
y " bs ‘ i. vr eZ
7 ay a - ‘ A | '
\ en \


) isin Mac Gaelach
of the Fianna

"|

Oisin:
After High King Cairbre died,
Lord of Erin's Five Kingdoms,
The Fianna were dispersed.
Great grandson of Finn Mac Cool
was Oisin Mac Gaelach.
Named after his grandfather,
Minstrel as his grandfather,
He had the wolf blood in him,
He had hero blood in him.
Oisin was the Ollave,
Master poet of the land,
Greatest singer of this earth.

In his time, the Fianna
Chose only those of wolf blood.
In old times, the Fianna

Chose men and shapeskins alike.
Since the death of Finn Mac Cool,
They were the secret fighters,
Keeping Erin's foes away,

Sea raiders and Fenris wolf.

Oisin's singing spread his fame
Through the kingdoms of the earth
Even to Tyr-na-nOg,

Undying land of the Danaan.

In Cymru, the Penkerdd,

The chief poet of that land
Aneirin Ap Blaidd, harper,
Great hero and wolf-changer,
Grandson of mighty King Bran.
He had the blood of the crow,
He had the blood of the wolf,

Oisin Mac Gaelach of the Fianna

A AL A RP PD

He chose the blood of the wolf.
In Britain joined heroes,
Kinfolk to the Fianna,

The Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd,

The werewolves of old Wales.

Aneirin wished to challenge
Oisin for the great title

Of Gaia's greatest minstrel:
Bardd y goron, crowned bard
Of Gaia's many kingdoms,

Of Gaia's many werewolves.
Oisin learned the riddles

Of folk before the Cymru,

Of the land's ancient Druids.
Torna's great son heard the call,
Harping in Tara's mighty hall.

—o'\

SS en

27

Oy
tl

Aneirin: Aneinrin's Aneirin's Response:
There came into Tintagel Challenge: I know why Priam's loss was this land's gain.
Ship from Cnucha in Erin. Lam the cousin of Rome's founder. I knew why rie Magee feared great Brutus.
To Cornwall's shores Oisin came Iam the slayer of the giant. I know why the Mother loves us.

With cruit harp in his hand.

I am the wind u

Aneirin escorted him

With his three Fianna friends:
Cellach, Conn and Caelius
And Siofra from World's End.

I know why the stag carries the dead.

I know why the horse raises the dead.

I know Arianrhod's secret husband.

L know the alphabet of Cernunnos.

ow Tad Duw's hidden trade route.

w what the dead whisper to the crows.

Siofta-was of Danann's folk,
Ancient gods of Tyr-na-nOg.
She loved Erin's greatest harper.
She loved Oisin Mac Gaelach.

The wolf-changers came to see them
Gathered in the old Roman villa.
Pyll, Bedwyr and Dewi, Aneirin's frie

I know why old Artos hates us.

I know why the wolf seeks the man.

I know why the man seeks the wolf.

Were with him, the friends of fair Ar i

why Artos dies and lives.
he riches of Finegus the Druid.

e Undying Word of the boar Twrch Trwyth.
the wounds our Mother bled for us.

I know the three secrets of the Morgan.

I know the secret wolf has over man.

know the secret man has over wolf.

I know the eldest shifter's tree.
|

Awstin of Lyonesse was there;
Myrddion, guard of Mount Snowdon
From Gwald y Tylwyth Teg came Fair
And old Cadi from Coer de Leon.

They set down rules before wolf prince Dant Air,
Who fought to contest green Albion :

Now that the legions were gone to Gaul. I know the fear the autumn crow brings.

I know the way to the Blessed Isles.

War was forgotten as sang Aneirin. ;
I know the gift of tree to man.

se I know the riddle of yew and oak.
I am the Stone of Destiny in. Cnucha. 1 know why the snake sheds his skin.
I know the wound Father gave Sulis.
I know the ancient Dagda's triumph.
1 know the three names of Brid.
I know the name of Gaia's woman.
I know the sacred duty to her.

28 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

. — aN


Oisin:

When almost seven years of the sun,

Aneirin:
Oisin's splendid singing
In the night air sweetly ringing
Left the judges to declare
Oisin the winner there.
Aneirin was angry then.
He threw down his gwydr gwin,
The red wine spilled down his chin.
He knew a test he could win.
Looking into the warm night,
He asked Oisin to fight.
They changed into half-wolf form
And fought where the night was warm

To Tara's halls a stranger came.
He begged the High King for his aid
To help Cymru against Cawr Tawr Gog,

Aneirin was the coal of night.
Oisin's snow fur was white.

Yet at last before the dawn,

No warrior won by brawn,

They declared an even match.
Now.-the fighting must dispatch.
Oisin smiled and told Aneirin,
"Heed the Goddess in your song."
Then a lady with three birds
Asked if she could please be heard. -
Rhea Riggantona said,

"The greatest living or dead

Is Oisin Mac Gaelach.

From dawn's light to moonless black,
Your wish for fame finds its way

In seven years and a day." man

The Saxon power g
The Celtic power dreaming —

Raids of Picts and Fenris —

The shores were becoming houseless.

Oisin Mac Gaelach of the Fianna

ARE EL LT PD

The Cymru changers heard howling,

Saw approaching other werewolves,
The Fianna coming to them.

On Aneirin's orders

They embraced their kin.

Happier now to see Oisin

Was Aneirin.

They joined forces, Fianna and Blaidd,
They hunted the giant, Cawr Tawr Gog.

hey found the giant,
sed in for combat,

t the giant's outlaw army:
omans and Saxons

the spell of Tylluran,
Sidhe of his kin.

t Gog used his club,

f blood-stained iron.

1 fomor from the North,
2 foe of Pict-land

he Roman wall,

f the White Howlers,

t kin to the Fianna,

st now lost to evil ways.

e blood-stained club

Crashed down on brave Oisin,
Smashed him hard into the rocks.
Cellach, Conn and Caelius

Tore deep into Cawr Tawr Gog.
Aneirin lifted the great club

And smashed the giant's head.
Red flowers grew there ever after

On the land he bled.


Oisin suffered his wounds in silence.
Sidhe Tylluran escaped by becoming
An owl who flew off into the night,
The outlaw bandits fled or dead.
They saw a figure approaching:

Finn Siofra of the Fair Folk.

"You cannot be healed here,"
She told Oisin.

"The Danann know great herbs
In Tyr-na-nOg,

In The Land That Never Dies.
There you will be healed,

But lost forever

To this mortal world."

"Take me then," Oisin said

and looked long on Aneirin.
"Now you are the greatest minstrel
of this earth," he said.

Then Finn Siofra opened a hill;
Green light came forth flowing.
"I take you to my land,"

she spoke. "There, there is no dying.
There always will you be singing."
So lost to the world

was the world's greatest minstrel,
Taken by Fair Lady Siofra

Into the Faerie mound.


Aneirin in Later
Years:

Aneirin would often go

\ In the heat or in the snow
To a lone forsaken place
Where died one of Magog's race.
He placed ear up to a hill —
Oisin was singing still,
Playing songs upon his harp,
The Galliard's magic art,
Songs of wolves and old Erin.

Cymru songs by Oisin

With Siofra's folk drumming.

A thousand bee hives humming
Reached his ear and made him weep,
Bowed with magic drowsy sleep. _

Faintly he heard the singing,
Arcadia's woods ringing,
Ringing outside that green dell
Songs from the old Faerie hill.
Siofra , he heard sing there.

Playing music to the spheres,
The magic of missing years.
Never would Gaia forget
The lost minstrel she begot,
Bard of Olwen and Culhwch,
Oisin Mac Gaelach.

Siofra with golden hair

Siofra Finn named the Fair,
Daughter of the earth and air.
That magic minstrel's great hand
Strumming harp in Faerie land,



;

\)ereemmunen.veuamnenn-wenevemmas enresnemanurmorin a
T~ Mockmaw of the
Black Spiral Dancers

Aockmaw ruled the wolves of night
hewn from Hell's dark lair.

ce of Death's undying sight

the pit of dread despair.

s of shattered Seraphim

Down in gloom-haunted forests

Where sad waters drip wit
There Death courts his fina

Where demons plow their fear
Their harvest is full sorrows

Which they strew about the years, le brave.
While wraiths weep for the morrow, With tenacious hold it had grown,
"'Choking life and love and song.

4

' trembled! in that air.

And the morrow never nears.

Where Time casts no shadow

Save the flight of memory, The tribes who wed the Wyld.
Here Desire's phantoms grow

Secrets they had he would win
In the Garden of Desultory. On raids from the long-exiled.
3

Sad shades of that land's daughters They returned Thundering from his throne of pain,
Laughter lost to Wyrm's embrace, Pict-carved from ancient ivory,

Are the moonlight's lonesome prowlers.
They weep beside sad waters
For the souls of dead White Howlers.

His slayers came like countless rain,

His vermin-spawn of victory.
od

Mockmaw of the Black Spi


Never shade in Hades or Seraphim
Assembled so hideous a throng.
Mockmaw smiled, his teeth set grim
Over midnight's children strong.

"Our foes know the secret," said he,
"Of the breaking of Wyrm's chain.

Let us catch them, let us see

What we can wrest from Wyld's slain."

Then piercing laughter struck the gloom.
The Dancers prepared for battle.

Rites opened the Bridge of the Moon.
The shades of the forest fled

To the Garden of Desultory,

Leaving their tears for the dead

In the dust of Desultory:

\ Down the hills came drums and rattle,

Mockmaw called on Wyld's Bane,
And there was war in the night.

Thirteen Garou from thirteen slain,

His packs returned with the sight.

The thirteen tribes which always fought
Were united under foe's breath.
Thirteen tribes which unity sought
Found unity only in death.

Above a shape was nascent,
Forming in celestial skies.

The moon was shining and crescent
On The Lady Who Never Dies.
Her eyes were piercing towards him
From the region of lost cries.

The slain who were his victims

Called to her with phantasmal sighs.

Strange light then fell from the moon,
Bathing them in forgetful sleep.

The Lady Who Never Dies played a tune

moon-pipes fantastic and deep.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga
Wayanad»

Mockmaw roused his wolves and went
Away from the moonbeam's whisper,
Back to the deep caves descent
Trying to escape Earth's sister.

Koreion's music kept playing.

They heard it far underground.

To her the slain were praying,

And vengeance came with that sound.
The Dancers covered their ears,

But the might of the Moon remained.
They thrashed about in their fears,
Then fought over the thirteen slain.

Mockmaw survived by tooth and claw.
Many fighters died from that dread.
The survivors listened in awe

For song from the Moon overhead.
No far-strange music now played,

Just gentle laughter instead


From that Maid, the Celestial Fey, Smashing Weaver's old Fetters,
Who fed on the souls of the dead. Releasing the greatest of Banes.

She revenged her sister's children Mockmaw prepared for the journey.

And waited still in the night, ao

Luring with music Wyrm's chosen,

Bathing them in Luna's light.

». The survivors left not the dark,

" Nor leapt to the moonbeam's lure.
They remained with the Abyss' mar

- Alive in their sepulcher.

He summoned the surviving bes

Mockmaw hung the pelts on chains
Set before his ivory throne.
Grimbane the loremaster explained
The Rune that ate to the bone.

' He stripped the wolf bodies of skin,

_ Then engraved the Death Rune alon
Carved on thirteen cadavers,
The script that was harder

Wailing howls escaped the corps
And in tongue ancient and fell,
Grimbane spoke his votaries,
Causing dead their secrets to tell.

: Slowly there came through lifeless throats
| Old wisdom wracked from the dead.
] Mockmaw chuckled and gloated

On the secrets which he was fed.

Between Fianna and Strider,

The thread of old wisdom was found.

The spell they seized; and they bound her,
Brought from the bodies they bound, Where music plays discordantly.

Wisdom gathered together ‘The spheres are blessed by nightmares

To break through Wyrm's old chains, Where.not even the demon "Thought" trods,

They plunged it into o Stygian darkness

Mockmaw of the Black Spiral Dancers 35
Wiha 2S sSaranksm® NN


DO Neen sveennremmenuewmsrin ek

Where even the demons are snares
Caught by nameless and babbling gods.

His fighters eaten by shapes

That bored like worms in the mind,
Mockmaw through circles escaped
The prison of the entwined.

He passed challengers of dread

That he could only find,

Pulled from thoughts buried and dead
Banes forgotten and blind.

Spiraling down, he remembered
The road to the conquering Wyrm.
He kept the key, a bright ember
To melt through the shackles that burn,
That the Wyrm might be released
And spread his dark entropy,

On Weaver and Wyld would feast,
Bringing death to Earth's canopy.

He dispersed the shades with spells.
Deeper he danced spiral's swirl,
Passing all previous hells,

Diving to midnight's pearl.

A last shape went before him,

A chained ghost Dancer of yore.
He said, "You stand on the Rim.
None have gone further before."

"Shade of ancestors, | will,"
Mockmaw sneered to the shade.
The shade said, "You can only till

——\ ee

On soil where growth pervades.
You cannot resist this pole,
Although you come flying drawn
Towards fire that eats your soul,
A moth seeking sun in the dawn."

"T will continue," Mockmaw said.
The shade begged him to return.

He crossed the night's last threshold,
Beheld the devouring Wyrm

At infinity's chaos.

Madness sank into his soul.

The key shattered and was lost.
Bound Wyrm devoured him whole.

The chains of memory broke,
Fragments tossed into the wind.

A thousand dead echoes spoke,
Bending shapes that blur and blend.
The visions of reason fled,
Replaced by siren sighings,
Multitude voices dead,

A thousand idiot cryings.

Down in gloom-haunted forests
Where sad waters drip with tears,
There Death courts his final rest
Where demons plow their fears.
In the Garden of Desultory

The sad shades for Howlers yearn,
And lost but to Moon's memory
Is Mockmaw of the Wyrm.



"To‘his home in Halogaland, hope was high in him. ; a _ The tales of Fenris's fury. Both were battle-tested', ~~
-He-set éyes on Eyfura the Fair," kin to Floki Vilgerdarson ~ And given. grave'tasks by grim-faced Fenris elders:

In wild Halogaland. where the wolves run free. . Ny
.Skoll had the blood ,. of the wolf beast within him, . _

‘But could not change'skips «as later hissons could..."
~Who wore the wolf-skifi -and'became rénown warriors"
Of the Get of Fenris,..the Wyrm's fiercest, foes.

: Eyfura bore Skoll two sons: *. Gunnar ako en
Of the Get of Fenris; also Einar, fierce in fighting: ~ "On stormy seas set sail ~ out of Stenkjer in Norway.
» When Gunnar was grown; he was the greatest of Garou,

rare Gunnar Draugrbane of the Get of Fenris 39
N wena vr

Gunnar (Draugrbane

of the Get of Fenris

Excerpt from Gunnar's Saga

y

ee

A skilled seafarer was Skoll Nifungson..." = » . When they firsefelt the rage «of their wolf blood flowing,
With warriors he wrecked _and plundered from:the waves. _»  "sRefnir Skoll's brother brought them ‘to the fierce Fenris wolves: _
Returning before winter with Frankish riches Refnir was learned in wolf lore. He told the two brothers

Who voyaged to Iceland _ in his fated vessel. Sceaf the Slayer, Gerd Myspun' and Skekkil Staffirson.

He brought his bride' by boat to-his homestead © "Finally they.were fetched and' sworn to the family of Fenris,
_ A fierce' band-of brothers © bound by blood oaths

In bloody battle. All were bewildered

Gunnar's great strength. He gained a following

- Among the young fighters-of Fenris. They soon took to sea:

oll

"4 greatest of heroes r a In'a great longboat they built "then shot the bark out,

Brave was the:band.-.of bonded wolf brothers;
Gunnar Skollson the fierce Jarl. of fury-filled fighters
Seeking blood and battle and hero's great glory.

_ These are the names © of his noble companions: "

Strongest of wild werewolves, so his Wyrd willed it.

Oe
tT

Asmond the Young,.. who.bore the grea
_ Vali Vikarson,.. versed in rune lore;
Thorstein the Giant, thane of renown;

NI "Hati Fairhair, . fierce was his fury;
Garm Gothison, "grim was his mood; "
_ Einar Skollson, who steered with the stars;

Ulf the Unlucky who gave unfailing to
And last Donar Danedog, who they ‘met in Dennmark:
A houseless Bone Gnawer, _ -he and Gunnar became
the fastest of friends, i . "ye

_o After setting sail, they came.by sea to Denmark.
, Here they met Danedog heard news and departed.
They sailed the whale paths "before finding Scotland.
_Drawing into the land, | they found dréad signs |
|
|

They raided. thetowns but received little reward.

Of the fell Black Spiral Dancers. Here they did battle
~and slew-foutof them, "then returnéd to'the sea
"Thad heard © ‘the Wyrm Wolf, of their dark wis om

cursed by our kin and all the earth's creatures,"

80. said Gunnar' as e the, rofed,

; They raided the Saxons and sought wealth from Wales.
"Grea fary they faced whenthey, met three Fianna _ <
Defending their friends. There was fierce fighting.

_ Gunnar slew two __ with his great strength.

The other met ‘the axe "of Odin. 7
Sad were the Fenris to see such worthy foes perish.
They set a mark onthe land. to.let theirfoe-kin know _.
Here brave heroes did battle and fell, bound for Valhalla...

They took the whale path to Brittany... Here more boats joined.
‘In strength they fellon the. land of the Franks:

~ With sword and fire and berserker fury.
They won great stores _ of gold and southern riches.
When the fall came, ‘the fleet broke up,

N

40


Some bound back home." while the others headed south.
Gunnar went north. before winter neared.

_They lingered too.long with kin, in Lodose _
"At the home of Hagbard... He had-Fenris blood'.
From his sire Sigarrd, but the gift of the ski
" Was not his. His home was open
To many-a man." Mead would they drink.
When the mood took them... Tales they heard .
Of wars at home, "Harold Thickhiair fighting

‘illison,"

Hrut, Finet word "fr athe high Oplands? yo

"T see Gunnar is here," Hut said. "That is good.
 Woevhas:come to-us. ."Two.winters ago.)

_on the farm 'of Fjornir,, ‘Starkath was found.
Starkath often took ship — to sail co Finnmark.

| There | he traded in wood .. with the wild bear Gomphipbee
_ The Finns and the Lapps. of the land of lakes,
aa son journeyed instead

Three. winters ago,

~ Was within him: "My son, what happened?" "
 Starkath said.to Hrolf, who screamed in the night.
, "You. are: bleached a as. bone and lapping blood -
Off those slain bodies." Hrolf became silent,
Then attacked his father, ~ but Srarkath fought.
with his dark sword made: by, the dwarfs _ iS
from Brimit' s blood. Dark was that battle.

" The men ‘dropped t their moody ale' and moved to help the guest. "

«», His-men all swore... to follow Skoll'ss son.
73 Gunnar said to Einar,

~ You have deep wounds inflicted Kota ihe Fenris and Franks."
. Einar said. £0, Gunnar; "4 give the old saying: A foie

--For the north ~ against the earls of Norway." ke
[ One-night-.w while they feasted, .. , the, doors flung open.

» Finally Starkath slew" his only son,
., Then vowed vengeance on the very land.
He swore to seek in the silent forest
~The slayer of his'son. His servants' and the Lapps
Begged. him. forgo it. "Only dim, ghosts. (7
Haunted that region, hating with rage, the day.

> Starkath was' heedle

Sea and headed i in, Se
». None kriew what happened in that haunted land.
7 | « Two winters agor we saw him "in the woods of: Opland.
" "Fire was in his face' ‘as he returned to-his farm.
_ His family fled, finding. Starkath a Aignd . eo

The farmers of the 1 région" found two fig ters
Whe said: they would slay Starkath... He Slaughtered | them »

. ailed reir bodies to t e bark of great trées.
Starkath is weaker in summer when his strength wanes.
He is strongér.in winter .when-shadows widen. | <P

"are fleeing their homes.

Iti is adark course.- Who will come with me?"

Gunnar clasped the back of his young ig brother,

Then girded weapons and gear' "for great barley to. come.
Gunnar Draugrbane of the Get of Fenris 41 |

42

They traveled in snows. through overcast days,
Guided by Hrut to the grim Oplands.

They finally met farmers from the haunted region
On the day when the sun. lingéred shortest in the sky.
The people told them »" where Starkath's place was.

He now had followers, dead fighters of night.

~ The warriors left." into the deep.woods,

Then:changed.into wolves... running. wild:

Strange scent stung them _of spoilt meat.

They ran toa clearing before a farm enclosure.

Two dead warriors walked, guards of winter.

The wolves.watched.them, ....and the sentinels. wavered,
Feeling the unseen-eyes' of the Fenris upon them.

One warrior had one eye, "the other held fearsome weapons.

"know him,"'said Asmond, :"Kormiac One Eye.

The other is Bersi the Brave. His brother served
Asa king's guard .to.Alfred the Great in Angloland."
Then Gunnar felt the fury of his blood oe
And yelled, "Freyja's foes! The Get of Fenris are here
Then warriors attacked inhalf-wolf form,» —
Tearing with claws the cold skin of the dead.
Bersi's swift sword slashed at Vali,

Slaying him © in the deep snow.

Asmond and Einar -avenged their comrade

i kd

While Thorstein the Giant _ grappled the thing from, behind,

So perished Bersi the Brave, bound in death
To Starkath's service, the strong thane of the dead.

Gunnar gripped Kormac, _ crushing his hand. |

With furious strength, he tore the arm from the socket,
Then:flung his foe. fast into the rocks..:

Last, he smashed the skull = by seizing-granite stone.
And dropping it on the head of dead Kormac.

Starkath came to his bondsmen bleeding in battle,

A large gaunt man with one grim servant.

Starkath leapt on Gunnar's back, ..a cowardly blow,
Biting the neck ‘and bare arms of the Garou.

Einar grabbed knife and gutted the fiend.

Starkath's wounds fast-healed' by strange'spells,

Then the Draugr drew weapon on Gunnar's brother
With the dark sword ~ forged by the dwarfs...

"Ready for the wet-earth,. you will be wolf-skin.

Your life | will take as wergild for my warriors,"
Starkath spoke grimly, "the night spirit within him.
Three times the sword drank from doomed Einar's body
Before he fell down. at the feet,of his foe...

Gunnar grasped' the gaunt man.

"Never inthe world -have]-witnessed such strength,"
Starkath said. "I am stronger," Gunnar answered,
"Than any man or wolf. I am the wild moon's killer.

I will make pitch for my boat _ from your crushed bones."

"You are Gunnar of the Get," their greatest warrior.
You walk with your Wyrd, but I am strongest in winter
And am more clever than any crazed werewolf,"

So answered Starkath who fled in the snow,

Leaving no footprints for the Fenris to follow.

Their foe had escaped, ‘so-dark fate willed it.

Gunnar tumed tohis brother. broken and dying.
"Without.a brother, aman is without bonds,"

Einar said, then spoke ° "strange words, his‘last:

"My death'and your skill ‘will slay undead Starkath."

So vowed Einar, his spirit. bound for Valhalla.
Gunnar wept tears of rage and fore the earth i in frenzy,
Howling at winter laden with harsh ice.

"No gold can buy. «Einar's brutal death,"

Gunnar said‘and swore _ to the strong winds,

Calling on the spirits of wolf and earth to seek him
And grant hiin great aid in the grim task ahead:

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

AT ne aC A TAD

~—=\

-

Danedog brought low. Starkath's last bondsman,
Who told ‘the Fenris "his master had fled.the farm
And dwelt in a mound _ in the dark earth.

The way to the fiend: "lay north in the forest.
Then the'servant begged the Fenris to spare bint

Gunnar laughed in rage, _ then lopped off his head. ee

With a stroke of. the sword © of dark Starkath.

He gathered his folk, the grim Get of Fenris,
Andtold them. that Tyr would tear down Hel's

These men had cheated Modgud and must leave Midgard.

To deny death. isthe darkest crime. «
They set: forth - into the dark forest.
A bird appeared, an omen that brooded good,

for birds‘are the eyes of Odin ~ and eats to'the wolf.
"The deathless denier _ has disowne d the abode of men.
He has found a mound ancient and fell.

Tam Rannveig the Wise, a raven skin-changer.
Three times will I grant brave Gunnar advice,"

So spoke the Corax, kin to man and crow:

"Follow my flight _ to your foe's forsaken lair."

The bird flew off for the Fenris to follow.

"Gunnar girt the dwarf sword and'said, "Brodorsbane '
is. your name now. . No one save | shall'lift you."

He then cradled Einar's body _ in his bare arms.

~ His wartiors followed - into the forsaken, woods. |

"A mist covered the moon, ‘concealing all light."

" ‘The slope fell down into the dead vale:

Steam issued forth from fissures in the rock.
The air was: damp: and dripped with old evil.
"L.will enter. alone," Gunnar said. "Awaitme
At camp. If 1 come not back, kill me or leave. -

Aloné I claim. verigeance. "My vow dooms me forward.

[| have sworn to.the Gods. _ May the skalds sing of it."
So Gunnar said and set forth by himself.

*©*Y our enemy will return eré. the: sun rises,"

So foretold Rannveig © who flew to the treetops.

Gunnar Draugrbane of the Get of Fenris

A SR a AAS RA PEND


The mound was in a clearing, ancient memorial
To forgotten thane of the time of the Etins.
Gunnar forced the entrance dark and fear-bound.
~He then placed his brother. before the doorway
_ Dressed in'Gunnar's gear," a sleeping guardian.
Then Gunnar gathered wood and worked them into spears
And'set them ‘in the dark womb. of the mound-dweller,
Starkath's bed where = he hid from the sun in barrow.
Old riches were there, Roman coins and runes,
Such spoil that keep the sleeping dead content.

The night was long. .Dawn would be nearing.
Gunnar hid behind rocks. near the guardian.
Finally he saw a figuré come forth silently.

"I have caught Gunnar sleeping;".. .Starkath said.
Then with rage he threw himself on the dead wolf.
Now Gunnar seized him — swift from behind.

He crushed the'ribs: -of the writhing Draugr,

Then cast him into hill hallowed for death.

When Gunnar entered, Starkath waylaid him
From ‘the dark doorway of the damp earth.
Though wounded, the wight did him damage. j
"You tricked me outside," © Starkath said,
"But in the darkness. will-drain you, and you:
Will wither in winter's darkest night." |
Gunnar could not ‘loosen the grip

of the dead man' who dwelt in the mound.
Then there was noise outside in the night.
Danedog found the door' and dug into Starkath.
Gunnar was freed _ from his foe's grip.

Gunnar seized Starkath _and flung him onto a-spear
That he had carved and placed in the mound.
Starkath streamed, the sound echoing,

While Gunnar hurled another spear into his heart.

» oe

en

"*The'body shook, the skin'shrank, . .

' "And: Starkath cursed Gunnar. as he died rindelprognd:
"You will be killed, abandoned by wolf kin,

Gunnar the Great . gone to far country," ™

{ So Starkath prophesied, _ then he went still.

Gunnar took Starkath into the weak sunlight.

"The light burned the body, a bright-lit pyre.

"Why did you come?" Gunnar asked Danedog.
"T pledged loyalty, . and you lost a brother. :
Let us share blood and be bound kin forever,"

So said Danedog," and-Gunnar smiled,"
"Alone noone shouldbe, _ bereftof kin,"
Gunnar said. "Danedog, now 1 am Gunnar Draugrbane."

Then they swore brotherhood | and bound their oath.
_ "Now let us find: fit burial for Einar,"

_ Gunnar spoke to his friend. They lifted fair
_" Einar and moved from that place into'morning,
To'the awaiting Fenris © who followed:Skollson.
so their Wyrd willed it.

‘ Gunnar Draugrbane of the Get of Fenris 45 |
Rr a a W@anap oe



They have said that Old Red Eagle
Was mighty in the earth magic,

_one of the great of the Uktena

"after Shining Star Umbra Seeker
and Grimscowl Bisonbreath the Brave
whom Old Red Eagle knew in youth
and in youth aided all who asked,
aided all of the land's people.

In The Time When The Corn Is Taken In,

the people saw the dust clouds from the west
stirred up by the figure of a lone man,

aman called Young Trail Dog who asked them,
the wolf people of the encampment,

kin to Navajo and Apache,

"Is Old Red Eagle among you?" he asked

\

Che Quest of Cleansing

after drinking water, for his throat was
parched from walking such a journey.

A young warrior laughed, then Wind Runner
asked, "Why do you seek him? He lives with
his old woman, Silent Owl, up there

in the hill country. Age has not rested

easy on him. All the young men think

he is half-crazy, dogoyada."

Young Trail Dog was quite astonished,
Saying, "The Hopi and the Zuni

claim he is a great medicine man,

creator of mystic sand wheels,

a healer and fighter who can use

the Earth Power as no one else can."

Old Red Eagle of the Uktena

of the Uktena

_ him, but still he paid the medicine man

A few years ago, he became strange,
performing the ceremonies backwards,
4
Po wore

Wind Runner squinted into the sun
then said to the young messenger,
"In his youth, he flew as an eagle.
He was Digi Saniya. Power chose

to learn all the great chants since creation.
His mother was of the Zuni people

near to your own Navajo dwellings.

Nye diyin bit, power is with him.

The Hopi and Chocktaw came far

for his aid. He could fly in the air

or remain longest under water.

He could summon the dead back to talk
or travel far in the spirit realm.

|

|


Nan rEEnAreEEran ve,

chanting his spells in rambling fashion
laughing at the people who mock him.
He is the greatest shaman among us

- from the sacred White Mountain of our folk."

Young Trail Dog reached the shaman's home

up long and winding wolf trails.

Old Red Eagle was outside playing,

rolling with his dogs in the wolf form.

"That is not right," the young man told the wife.
Silent Owl told the young guest to show respect.
Her hatii was strong, she laughed at the guest,
"He is a Diyin, a man of power.

Do not question his acts, he is Diyin."

In came old Red Eagle in man's form.

"The dogs, they like it when I am a wolf

and play with them, my tame and trained cousins."
He looked over his guest, "You are Navajo

and your name is Young Trail Dog,

Now eat with us and say why you have come."

"I have brought a message from my people.

A blight has fallen on the soil,

the corn will not grow, and ghosts have come.
A village has been abandoned,

and the chiefs daughter has been made sick

by a powerful and angry shaman."

Old Red Eagle laughed, "Thank you for the news.
1am glad you did not bring me sorrows."

Young Trail Dog looked in wonder at him.

"Do not worry, great ancient shaman.

The Navajo will reward you greatly."

Old Red Eagle's proud eyes looked down.
Although old, he was still strong and handsome.
"For long I practiced the Sideways Power,
learning by breaking old patterns of thinking.

——\


over the land for the howler searching.
Over the earth, fast as lightning,

ran a young gray and black wolf howling
"How are you, Older Brother?" he asked,
before Old Red Eagle shape-changing.

Now I owe the earth my thanks for this gift."
"If you go, remember payment,"

Silent Owl said. "Our stores are quite low."
Old Red Eagle nodded, then he smiled,
looking at his wife with the same loveg
when years ago he claimed her after,
her ceremony into womanhood.

"It is good to see you, Middle Brother,"
_the old man smiled. "Why are you here,
"go far from your distant Croatan kin?"
Oh, Old Brother Uktena," he said,

im Hunter's Eyes. I have heard of you
the South

In a week he was ready to leave,
saying farewell to Silent Owl
and setting off alone into the west.
He bound his Incarna in a bag,
the Incarna of cleansing wind:
then his wife gave him some provision:
and he ran out in the night in wolf for:
When the human shape assuming,

he saw a crow above him flying.

of your healing journey.

not need warrior's aid, I think,

elcome if this is your desire.

are getting quite a hunting party.
tumbling Kossa, the holy clowns,

what we are," the old man explained.
Hunter's Eyes looked at Old Red Eagle
Hunter's Eyes said, "You knew my uncle

Then in the two tongues he began chant
Apache and the Navajo tongue,

The following which kept him walking:
who came with you, Circling Vulture,

when you followed Grimscowl Bisonbreath."
"That old journey?" recalled Old Red Eagle.
"Circling Vulture was a great fighter,

but when we tried to sleep, a loud snorer."

"Kintahgoo iiya

Old Crow, I see you.

Kintahgoo iiya

Old Crow, come sit with me.
Winter is on, my wife wants riches.
The grain basket is empty.
Kintahgoo iiya

Come down, Old Crow, your eyes
Also look for grain.

ife gossips
foes know They came to the Navajo people.

he laughed out loud. "It is the Apache Old Red Eagle!"

they shouted and brought him to the elders.
"What is the trouble?" asked the old shaman.
They said, "It began with Old Black Singer.
He became sick and asked Ma'ii Bizo

to bring his health back, that old healer.
This the shaman did, before the village
asking in exchange Black Singer's daughter."
The old chief denied the shaman's request,

>

fe¥]

<

o

5

®
ee

"I carry my god in the purse at my side.
I carry my god in the purse at my side.
I carry my god in the purse at my side.
My feet are hardened, my luck bad,
but I am not unhappy.

Old Red Eagle of the Uktena 49

tL

Old Red Eagle addressed the elders.
"Black Singer should respect the shaman's wishes.

banishing the shaman from the tribe.
Then the corn began to wither and die,
our sister village became haunted.

The people left, joining us here.

Ma'ii Bizo made his place there with the ghosts.
Ma' ii Bizo received Coyote's power.

Then Rain Water, Black Singer's daughter,
took sick. None of our healers could aid her.
The Hopi and Zuni could not either.
We ask you now to save her and the land.'

Ma'ii Bizo should have asked another gi
Bring food to my friends and I. To
I will begin to gather energy.

The Navajo people said the
the passage to dawn, comin e
Old Red Eagle rose, aided by his friends.
He asked for a hogan, asked for blankets
to cover the entrance, make a sweat lod
He purified himself in the Apache way.
He purified himself with steam and heat.
He purified himself chanting old songs,
the Naiyenezgani, so he woke

anew to his great healing power.

Now he asked for an eagle feather,

a blue stone, also strong tupai to drink.

He asked for crushed sandstone and pollen
and charcoal from a tree struck by lightning,
healing objects known to Navajo.

Next he asked for two medicine men,
calling them forth to assist him.

The village watched, looking at them,

50

looking after young Rain Water.
Old Red Eagle saw that Rain Water
was Kinfolk to the wolf-shapers.

The others could not sense this in their rites,

and the others could not summon power
to save the chief's daughter Rain Wat

Slowly chanting the old healing song,
he drew the sun in grains of sand.
Around the world's four strong winds

he placed the brave feathers of the eagle.

The white feathers pointed to the north.

- The yellow feathers pointed to the south.

The red feathers pointed to the west.
The blue feathers pointed to the east.
The sun center was crafted from blue sai
Inthe cent ll

symbol of the great wolf power
which was in Rain Water's family.
The Navajo had not seen it before.
Gently he placed young Rain
gkened Navajo chiéf
‘mighty circle
sweating i in ‘sickly red-hot fever.
Chanting over her was Old Red Eagle.

The Wolf Power rose at his calling.
The Eagle Power rose at his calling

o battle the possessing spirit.

he evil spirit was strong. The shaman
had to take direct action to save her.
He stepped into the Spirit Land.
There he witnessed the spirit-battle

of wolf, eagle and girl fighting

A hungry devouring spirit.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: G

arou Saga

A TP RA RAED ED

Old Red Eagle's spirit entered the fray.
The crowd felt the great unseen struggle
of young Rain Water and Old Red Eagle.

a sacred spear of power cleansing.

Again and again he pierced the foe with it
while Eagle and Wolf attacked it. Still

it would not release y rope Rain Water.

‘k spirit released the girl
afid into the desert winds fled laughing.
Rain Water awoke, fever breaking

Happily my head becomes cool," she said.
Pain has fallen from me, a lost stranger."
Old Red Eagle had never fought such a fight.
The old man fainted, his power failing,

and his friends lifted him as a child.

Old Red Eagle awoke at midnight

inside the home of old Black Singer.

He ate, then told his hosts, "I go now

to your corn fields to remove the curse."

Bright Feather and Hunter's Eyes went with him,
elling him of his great victory.

‘That was only one victory," he answered.

the-withered midnight corn he sang,

then opened the bag he long carried.

A howling wind rustled through the deep stalks,
cleansing the fields of Banes and curses,
cleansing all the land before it,

the holy wind of Old Red Eagle.

"That is the Ici biyi, the wind power,

em \ wal

then the corn fields will grow again."

ee N

most powerful of Sky's Incarna

released from my old bag. No curse stands

a chance against him. See, it's rooted out.

Now the wind returns." He opened his bag

and then shut it fast, holding the winds.

"They must say prayer over the soil, |

"Tl am Fire Limbs Moon St
he said. "Two Garou and Corax,

"To get the shaman of Coyote.
He is a rather poor relative,"
Old Red Eagle answered the Nuwisha.
"Things are odd, a wolf-changer with humor,"
mused the coyote cousin. "Tell me, friends,
cannot reach it, he howls in anguish,"

Old Red Eagle answered the Nuwisha.

does the Corax how] at the moon as well?"
"We taught you many things, wolf-changer, NN
how to walk the Moon Bridge to far Umbra.
51
ted core

"Only because it is shiny and he


ik!

Do not steal our mocking laughter,
or I will have to become a grim dull
wolf," the coyote said, then at last
added "I have a message from Coyote,
the great laughing Coyote who made
the earth, creator of the Milky Way.
He told me to tell the odd shaman,
‘Think of my power when you meet
my former shaman, for I like tricks."
Old Red Eagle burst out laughing,

"1 thank Coyote. Let him know

he is welcome to my food when he is

hungry." The Nuwisha slipped off, running.

Only later did they notice their food bags
had been stolen, a feast for Coyote.

They entered the abandoned pueblo.
Old Red Eagle blessed their weapons.
Drawings of the Star People looked down

52

from the walls of an ancient cliff side.
Bright Feather: flew ayer empty hpugey

Then he saw the :
the Diyin dine'e',

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

epee ne ra a

There was the shaman waiting for him.
"You are the greatest Ikasn. It would

be folly to try to battle you, but now you
have come to my home and brought
your death with you," said Ma'ii bizo.
Old Red Eagle remembered Coyote

and said, "You are right. I will die here.
lL ask you to let me say farewell

to the earth, a prayer of parting."

His enemy consented. He got down

and chanted, then leapt upon Ma'ii bizo
in the power of Uktena half-shape.

There he dug talons into the man

and Ma'ii bizo struck back, strong growing,

absorbing spirit power, rolling

locked in Death's grip, in the Ghost Home fighting.
Then Old Red Eagle saw the medicine bag


of his enemy and tore into it, He next said prayers over the body, against the enemy of the world
the captive souls of the dead scattering summoned Bright Feather and Hunter's Eyes, which the Croatan would soon battle.
and living which did the shaman's bidding. and prepared to leave the Navajo land. "1 will help Middle Brother in the spring,
Ghosts attacked Ma'ii bizo in the Ghost Home. "My wife shall be happy I bring her gifts. just before the summer," he answered.

\ Old Red Eagle stepped back into living We will be fine this winter. You two are "Turtle Island was created for
world, then tore into his foe's body welcome to share with us," the old man said. the Pure Ones and the Three Brothers.
until the shaman coughed up blood and died. Hunter's Eyes begged to depart, asking Let us be true to one another,

Old Red Eagle to help the Croatan and thank Mother Earth and Father Sky."

Old Red Eagle of the Uktena
Y\ Wayanad» —=\e


‘ll ==>aS 2 eeeee |||

lead lc

i.

"Tsar of the field, Tsaritsa of the field,
Tsar of the woods, Tsaritsa of the woods,
Protect my herd, protect my family.

A monster is loosed upon the land.

Drive him from the holy land of the Rus,"
So chanted a woodsman of the north.

Across the white snows, the wolves were hunting,
led by two noble wolves peering

silent, pacing at distance a lone figure

about the shores of ice-caked Lake Beloye.
The gray clouds caressed the white earth,
silencing all but the breath of the pursued,

the monster fomori torn and bleeding,

chased half a night and day by wolves playing.
Biting with steel teeth and chasing

their prey, so played the wolves of holy Russia,
the Silver Fang of holy Russia.

Sophia nodded, and they assumed the wolf form.
Shooting across the snow with speed

tan Yuri and Sophia, brother and sister,

leaders of the Silver Fang, most noble of Garou.

Til RWS PaseSeecel| sali esi

<1 || SSS emma > 2 eecceccece

He who fears wolves will never go to the woods.

— Russian proverb

The Tsar of the field, Yuri, turned to his sister. "Let us finish him," he said.

Swiftly they caught the fomori,

brought him low. Sophia assumed her human shape.

"You who have entered our lands,

despoiled the peasants, slaughtered all in your path,

have brought the vengeance of the Silver Fang

upon you.

My brother will kill you swiftly if you reveal your origin."
Beaten and battered by the pack, the fomori answered. "I come
from Sharkala's land, the dragon of the south. North he sent
me to spread his dark workings."

In Crinos shape, Yuri tore his throat out,

leaving black boiling blood to melt the snow.

"We shall go south," Yuri said.

Sophia looked south, across the earth

towards distant golden spiraled Kiev.

ii.

It happened in the city of Kiev,

Kiev the golden, mother of Russia.

The River Denepr flowed by, ceaseless

from the north, bringing her waters into the
Black Sea.

Igor the robber, Igor the boatman, Igor Valkof,
robber wolf-changer of the Bone Gnawers
rowed to the shore of the Denepr.

Sl

[rerersdneerredtevary rene yer ramres i eres Meer ETP eS SES ft EMMITT ROT NNY ETN MNTETTT POET PRCT Ty ET EET

Yuri and? Sophia Cvarivich
of the Silver Fang

Te
per

este
inet

ill

tit

Bs

se iil


ee + || >S55>55>5> i eeeoeceeceeee || +i.

cs

v

tere

ns

a

Bese _——— ta

He had three comrades,

his knife, his wits and his oar.

He heard the bells of St. Cyril

ringing, St. Cyril the church built by
Pyotor the Boyar, Pyotor the Merchant,
Pyotor the Glass Walker,

powerful in Kiev.

"Brother wolf," said Pyotor, waiting on the shore
"You laggard! You know the bell rings

only to summon the secret wolf Kinfolk

of Kiev. Come, we have visitors

arrived from the north. Hurry, you laggard!

The Silver Fang have assembled

to greet Prince Yuri and his sister, the

Princess Sophia."

They went to the church

outside golden Kiev's walls,
There Kinfolk and Garou awaited
in the caern of the Walkers.

56

rh

2S ele,

A handsome man, dressed in rich furs

from Novgorod, stood before them and addressed
the assembly. He was Prince Yuri.

A girl in white sleeves rustled by,

legends alive in her dusky eyes.

Forgotten happiness caressing her cheeks,
Princess Sophia took the side of her brother.
Her dark hair fell down her back a waterfall.
Some thought a Greek icon of the Virgin had
come to life

to let the sun shine down

on the land of the Rus.

"Friends and kin, I bring news from Novgorod
and Tver," said Yuri, Prince of the Silver Fangs.
"My sister and I have arrived with four fighters,
Boris, Foma, Vassili and Utra,

proud warriors of the Silver Fang.

We come from the forested north

where the language is pure. We have
undertaken a quest

real
Le

‘| pSSS>5>heeeee(|||-

RT —}—)—-}—)— fa} —¢—4—4—4—a ee

qa
eas


|
ll

De
ui

|
to rid the lands of the Rus of the Zmei,

the dragons summoned long ago by Baba Yaga.
Who will come with us?"

Ragnor spoke, of the Get of Fenris.

Ragnor said, "The Polovsty, the raiders of the steppes,
our old foes, say another tribe is moving towards

great Kiev: the Mongols. At first

we thought them another raiding people,

but already they have broken the Polovsty

and Alan armies. Ulu the Stargazer of

the east is here. He says they-have conquered the forty
lands from dawn, China and strange India, and

all those who dwell in tents."

Ulu arose. "It is even so. Their leader Genghis
knows no lord save Tengri. The trees bow before him,
and the mountains tremble as his horse-archers pass."

Sophia shot her eyes at Ragnor and answered,
"My brother and I seek to rid the land

of ancient evils. The dragon has greater

life than any human conqueror.

In ridding Sharkala the Cruel,

destroyer of villages and flocks, we rid

the land of an unwanted guest. Those with
courage may join us."

Katja of the Black Furies pledged herself.
"Long has Sharkala been my people's foe,"
she said. "I accept the offer of the Silver Fang."

Yuri stepped forward. "Brothers, the plight of
Kiev also concerns us.' After Sharkala is

defeated, let us come to her defense. May the Falcon Spirit watch _

over us!"

Pyotor joined the Silver Fang. Ulu the Stargazer
volunteered, and to everyone's surprise,

Igor the Bone Gnawer did also.

Next came Mehmet of the nomadic

Chernye Klobuky, of the Silent Striders;

aod

Ie


Se
ay %
RX

a,
ena

Woe

!
|

wy, 58

a,

4 ||SSBSSSDDD>aeccce

then Georges of Armenia, also Silver Fang.

Last, Ragnor offered his services.

Yuri and Sophia led their party out.

A thirteenth walked with them, the spirit of Russia.

Yuri lead them, conversing with Mehmet

the way to the eastern wastelands,

the dragon's lair, the lair of Sharkala.

No villages stood near the lands Sharkala had wasted.
Meadows of ash,

weeping trees, the bones of the dead

and the calling of crows greeted them.

Georges said, "This Sharkala dwelt once in the south.
The Christian princes of Armenia and those

who pay tribute to the Caliph of Bagdad

long have had troubles with him. Others

of his kin have been put into enchanted slumber."

Sophia told Pyotor, "I have a surprise for Sharkala, a gift of
my ancestors which I keep concealed until the right time."

On the fifth night, as they set up camp

among the trees and rock, upon the borders of Sharkala's
kingdom, Pyotor sighed. All day they had been

in wolf form, but at night they returned to

human shape. Sophia stood by a pool.

The moon reflected in deep waters,

her rays falling on Sophia's hair, glistening,

a waterfall of light and dark, a young bride

before the Rowan tree.

More beautiful than a Rusalki maid she looked, -
her form small beneath the deep blue

Russian sky, stretching her glory

across the great lands. How vast was that sky,
and how small Sophia looked, furrowing her
black brows beneath it.

Igor saw his friend's plight and laughed.
"You are in love with a lady above you,"

yA)

Vat

—" Ne
the robber said. "But you cannot see your own worth.
We Gnawers, our faces blasted by the winds,
our hands rough from scavenging, (

treated like lepers by our own kindred,
dirty dogs of the clustered cities —

we are purer than the angels of Heaven
singing to the All-Highest.

We know that.

Keep your head high, my friend,

no matter what swill they throw at you.
The thorny crown of justice

you must take in this life, not pine

like some timid virgin for the blessings of saints
who do not hear."

Pyotor was too bound by his people's custom, but he loved her.

The next evening, as they approached the lair of Sharkala,
an old hag approached them after the hour of sunset.
"Stop, noble wolves," she said. "I grant you a gift,

Prince."

Yuri changed form, became human before her.

"I know your quest," the woman said. "Let me give you this:
it is magic seed

from the distant orchards of the south.

Cast before the dragon, it will awaken the

Earth Mother, and she will weaken the serpent's strength."
"What can we do for you in return, old mother?"

he asked.

The hag laughed, "You have done enough.

As for me, long have I been the foe of Baba Yaga
and all her creatures. Go with the

blessings of the Mother."

With that,-the old woman vanished in the gloom.

Mehmet went before the party to spy out

the land. He returned before midnight.

"In the ruins of an old temple,

the worm waits," he said. "For Russkaia Zemlin,
let us forward!"

Stel Ts pasa Teceee

ith gy
ae


Yuri went to Georges and Ulu. Sharkala laughed and emerged majestic from the AN
"You two must chant the song of deep sleep," old ruins. His scales glinted red,

he said. "Ulu knows it, teach Georges. violet and deep blue, the colors

This will weaken the worm. If we cannot kill it, of the evening sky: His eyes were yellow.

at least we will let it slumber His claws were swords. :
with his brothers until the His teeth were death.

day of Resurrection."

Yuri stood on a knoll outside the ruins.

Sharkala awoke, leaving the temple. "We have brought the mole out," he said.

He was larger than the great trees. "I see you, Prince," Sharkala laughed, oF
He spread his wings. creeping forward. fi.
He smelled the wolf. - "Let me prophesy: I have destroyed lands fl
"Come then!" he yelled. "I can smell you, old wolf, from here to the city of the Kazans. A
hiding in the night, creeping up to kill I will destroy you. Those who flee f
Sharkala Red, Sharkala Sunset, thinking to will find death waiting with the Mongols. fA:
take me down like an old stag. But I have The Gnawer will find the cross and hang from it fl
a better game. I will come to you, a lion for petty crimes. The Stargazer will end

hed

chasing rabbits

cursing at dry parchments in bitter wastes."

\

Y 9
xe)
(}

q ats D
Sci 83
aa

ee
S

t

pee

aod

fA


ply si

1

aa

At

or)
CHE

dT ge

Leta

Yuri threw the hag's seeds before Sharkala's feet
worm spit fire over the hilltop.

using fetishes, making the air thick and sleepy
for the serpent.

Yuri lead the others in ambush.

From all sides, the half-wolves leapt onto Sharkala,
ripping and gnashing. Sophia lashed

onto the leathery wings and ripped _

into them with iron claw.

Sharkala screamed, fear fell

before him in a mist. His cry

echoed across the empty lands

of destroyed huts and weed-choked farms.

"

From the hag's seeds, great choking vines

shot forth. They twined around the

dragon's legs, rooting them to Mother Earth.
Sharkala tore at the vines with giant's strength,
but they kept growing, engulfing the proud
serpent, the children of the violated earth.
"You have your little spells!"

the great beast roared. "I have mine."

His great tail rose and lashed out,
killing Ragnor and Utra.

With his great flames, he destroyed
Boris.

Sophia howled in mourning over her
fallen comrades. She leapt and clung
onto the serpent's neck, digging deep
with her claws until red blood spilled.
Pyotor joined her. Sharkala

smashed his neck down onto the earth.
They leapt aside from the weight and fury of
Sharkala Zmei.

then changed form into the fleet wolf. He leapt as the

Far back, Ulu and Georges began the chanting spell,

Who's Who ° Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

The serpent's eye caught Sophia. His

gaze froze her to the spot. Like her foe,

she was rooted.

Sophia pulled out a large feather from her

leather bag. Suddenly the land was

glowing about her like a star. The hues of

magical colors cast shadows far into the

treés.

"This is a gift from our grandfather, Tsarevich Ivan,
the feather of the Golden Firebird,

the enchanted bird he brought to his father."

She shot the feather with the aim of an arrow

into the eye of the evil dragon.

Blood splattered, spraying the land. Sharkala howled
in great agony, blinded in one eye by pain,

by the fierce lights in the other.

The Garou renewed their attack.

Igor Bone Gnawer tore at the neck,
Mehmet and Pyotor leapt on its side,
Katja grappled with the stuck leg, -

and the others attacked where they would.
Yuri attempted to free his sister

where she stood stuck in the earth.

The chanting of Ulu and Georges sapped
Sharkala more. He knew his life was ending.
The earth greedily drank his blood. In

rage, he lashed out with dying effort.

His claws tore the life from Katja.

He blasted fire again, but his foes scattered.

Then, swift as the darting snake,

he struck, biting Sophia in his final pain.
Sophia fell where flowers grew,

and the warm earth welcomed her child.

Yuri's screams of revenge were drowned in that dark night.


4 >>SSSteceee||'+
In anger, her brother Yuri grappled onto the neck, making a ladder of talons
and claw to the head.
He took the feather of the Golden Firebird
and stabbed it in deeper
until the head of the serpent was pierced with the killing blow.
With a thundering gasp which shook the land,
Sharkala the Cruel died, his great neck crashing
into the rocks, crushing Prince Yuri.

Sophia lay dead. Yuri's life began to depart.

He beckoned to the survivors,

Ulu and Georges, Vassili, Pyotor, Foma, Mehmet
and Igor. "I am joining Sophia,"

he told them. "Place me beside her.

I ask that our bodies be burned in the old way
and our ashes scattered by the winds across

the wide lands of Russia."

They built the pyre, and Pyotor wept,
seeing Sophia wed to the flames. All bowed
their heads.

Far off, sending echoes through the air,

the bells of St. Cyril

were ceaselessly ringing.

Yuri and Sophia Tvariv.

ie

ich of the Silve

AT

Be
Ba)

TH

r Fang

lip=S>>>

Tae

acs

Gin


=. \
> > }
O¢
=~ } ee
\ 2 $ ; 4
A ; \ 4 ~


— Jack DebilTongue
of London

Che Bone Gnawer's Tale

han King Edward J of Engolond saide,
"Mg deer are dging. J want the wolf dead,"
1 He sent Joeter Corbet with men into the countree,
Staying with bow all wolves they could see.
The skinzchangers, the Silver fang and Get,
Are also hunted. Some saye, "Well met,"
Some hide with Kin, some to Wales Flee.
The others finde succor in the crtg.
"Come to London," they say, "but be not so bold.
You rule in the country. Here Jack 1s lord"

A He Bishop sighed, "Jack Almsmen, FJ render unto you
Not the com of Caesar but the Debil's due."

Jack Aleman sayed Later at the London Fon,

Free with the Bishop's com to bis wolfzkin,

"There be Four things, 7 like them Fine:

Wogmen, riches, Fryends and good wine.

Vet wit only one J must make do.

J keep riches and increase the rest by two."

He was a lecherous bastarde of the worse sort;

Looking at wood carvings of naked angels was his sporte.
ack was the cleverest of the Bone Gnawers, iY, NA
Prince of the beggers, the poor and the robbers, ) Y
A cunning, man, a holee priest, 30) Corbet comes running. The hunting clerk
A mocking Foole, a savage beast, a B Sayeth, "Mg Lord, in London we have debil's work,
Jack Almsmen, Jack Aleman, Jack JDebiltongue for in the countree the wolf meets death.
Who cried at the moon and Lasfed at the sune. Here in the city some dwell, so some sayeth,
Jack Almsmen begged From the Bishop's plate. Shape-changgrs, the Debil's own. Take sword!
"We shal inherit Heaven," he sagde as he ate. Here we shall clean them From gour hold."
"You those who Fall in the worlde's embrace King Edward sayeth, "Corbet, J praye
Now pass the wine and don't Forget Grace." You guide me true, and it is as you saye."

ow King Edward up in his tower plots
Wor on the French and war on the Scots.

Jack Debiltongue of London 63

0S \6 ow the King srabs sword and sends For John Howard,
Ki Y Sheriff and Scot-veteran, no coward.
9 f 4 With Corbet, Howard and some trustee knightys,
a B He walks the city and seeks Foes to Fight.
Alone near the Thames, he meets a Lone man
JDressed in poore rags, the city's orphan.
"Regser,'"' sayeth the King, ‘what do you here?'
"Fam Jack Debiltongue. Tm not poaching deer,"

Sageth Jack and then to king Edward bows Low,
"J herd of a plot that VYour Lordship shod know."

age on," sayed the King with no sreat delight.

a Gladly. Whilst drynking, J beard two knightys

A Abd put down my ale and pricked ear," Jack said.
"The knights were From France, they wished gou not dead.
They want you alive. Such was their plot

To sIFF you to Wallace, the rebel Scot.

J had mg beggars Follow them to an inn.

J can point you there that gou might Find them."

"Ft better be as you saye." The king urged them on

And caught knights who would turn a king to 0 pawn.

ack's word was true, and Oueen Elenor pleaded
The King to Find Jack, whose advyce he heeded.

"Call off Corbet's hunt that the wolf may lve,'
So Pebiltongue answered, then added with smile,
"J can give gou the pelts of some wolves in a while,"
Edward agreed, For his subject had safed his lyfe.

‘pOeace, Wolf-King!"' he yelled. "Let there be no stryfe."

ack srew mn authority, but those of his Foes
Among the Get said, "There the King's JD0g goes,"
Hut not to his Face, For Jack was lord.

His mang Bone Gnawers made a great horde.

Ohe came to hem, Bob Hleechbone by name,

The King Found Jack and sayed, "What gift can J give?"

An old Friend of Jack's, now bint and Lame.

"FJ can no Longer run with the city pack,'' Bob sagde.

"7 share my home with beggars, the street is my bed.
J canna rest at night. Some young men go wild.
They beet on the poor, man, wyman an childe."

ack Found these villains one nyte and saged,

‘Was not Crist Jhesu poor and for us bled?

We are all Gody's children, sistyrs and broders.
Adam and Eve are our Fader and modgr."

They cried, Seynt George!' and, "Hleysed Virgin!"
Jack Debiltongue Laffed as his werewolves Fell in.

Jnto the Thames they dropped their slayn Foes

And left the ravens to cry the tale of woes.

A free Feeste they offered to the fish and the crowes,
Such was their charitg, as everg wolf knows.

peasy he bessars and poore, all thanked they Jack,
p And word got around, no drgnk he Lacked.

\ Wymen sang wit him, and other tongues sang
wg OF his deeds to the wolf kings. The Silver Fang
Pohilup de Valence, knighted in France,
was a King, of the Fangs. He knew courtlee dance.

He was brave, but of t Fooled and vain.
His ancestors From Adam could he all name.

4) Normandy his court, he bad searched Far and wide
To Find a Ladye of good blod to be his bryde.
Fair Constance of Engolond was to hem pledged,
BA lady of beauty with sense in her head,
The daughter of old Norman nobility.
To Engolond came philup the maid to marrg.
He sent word to Jack in London city:
"Escort this Fair maid of York to me."

64 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga J

be lived in Uork, in the north of the realm.

a Jack with his men donned stolen helm

; we A And rode to the north. Their eyes did see
_— Zi Corbet's werk all about, his remedge

To the poor wolf, and Jack said, "War

Comes not From Corbet, but Engolond's old sore."

When they arrived he beheld Fair Constance,

Kin to the werewolf, raised in Engolond and France.

rasa hey escorted hir south, as wolf's his Folk ran.
y Jack spoke to Constance, desire began.
Hir hair was golden, sweet and gentle she would sgngse,
lees ir Fair voice roused the Finches of spyrnse.
He taught hir dice games and drynking craft.
He taught hir new songes, be taught hir to LaFF.
When they arrived at London, loathe was he to see
Phillip warting, by chapel For hir to marrg.

IN

ew

f

t the banquet, Philip held a great Feeste
ANI for his new bride, For his nobles and beasts
NZ of the moon. The Gnawers and Silver Fans
SIZAPE Ate to their Fill, none could complain,

And Jack ordered his frend, John Muttonthef,
To bring, strong drynke of the wine Leaf
And pour into King ohilup's cup.
‘When he Falls asleep drunke, then wil J sup."

hilip sang mang a bad burgher song

OF courtly romance. He sang far too Longs.

Philip explained this was the custom of bis countree
To singe to one's guests, It was great courtesy.
Then ast he Jack, "What thinke you of my art?''
Jack Ufted Leg and Let Loud a Fart.

The assembly was silenced. Jack sade, "My Friend,

Jn Engolond we show thanks by breaking wind."


renee ban the Feast ended, Constance to bed
y To wait For hir hosband she wed,
But pohilup drinks of the wine and Falls to sleep.
bX wre Lip the stair Jack with sreat stealth creeps.
When Pphilup awakes, he came to his bryde.
Jack Leaps out the window in wolf Form, running, outside.
Constance 1s awakened From sleep and sayde,
"phillip, we already wore out the bed."

pee ey) he next daye, some Get wold speak with Jack.

"We are From the Midlands,'' they sagde, "and things are black.

After Corbet's hunt, scarce our numbers be,

bX em \nd the blak Spirgl Dancers come From Scot-country.
We do not lke Gnawers, but the Dancers bringe blight.

With you and the Fang, we can drive them back into ngte."
yack sent word to Phillip, he Formed a strategy.
"MY Sift to Pohiluip will be the old enemy."

ack with three Friends went to the north,

The wild bleak country that spewed Dancers Forth,

The JDebil's wulfs, the Wyrm-pragers theg be,

The Bane barkers of blak blasfFemee.

Mary Latinwiste said, the sept's Theurge and wise,
"7 have dreamed of Spyrit Rat," and she saFf bis advgce.
The Blak Spirgl guards brought them to their lord,
JDrededoom the Mighty, kinge of discord.

; . Let us Finnis them off with Uddle pity.

Then rule gou the country in wide Engolond,
And the city of London 1s mine to command."

PDrededoom answered to Jack, "UYou seek to deceive,
For Phillip's bryde you brought to him, J believe.''

ord Drededoom," Jack said, J come to join packs.
Kinge pohilup of the Fang bas invaded From France,
And he and the Get are Lodged in mg city.

eee Hat is why J sufferen, sin J Love hir true.
y 1 J want hir From Philip. That 1s my due,"
So sayeth Jack, and Drededoom LaFFed on his trone,
bX ea Thinking Venus's spell drove this Urrah From some
To the Lond of madness, to dark hate,
To kill off the Fang, and than share their Fate.

.. For with Corbet and Bone Gnawers his work to do,

AU Engolond will Fall to the Blak Dancers' rule.

™ agree. Than in the morrow, we run to war.

Now come to the pit which contains our Lore,''

So he tells Jack and Leads him by old spell

a Where demons sibber From the gates of Helle.
Dut the balm in their eyes blinds the Gnawers' site

OF the yawning pit and the Debilwgrm's might.

With beeswax in their ears, theg hear not the screams

OF the tortured nytemares that walk in our dreams.

peas ey) aking them from the prt, the Dancers with glee
y Recite with howls their dark utang.
¢ Jack and his Friends jon, afraid to show Fear.
SN wm Seynt Rat saved them, but Seynt Rat was not near,
His balm of which vertu cast them breFe blind.
They acted Uke Dancers out of their mind.
When ended the Dancers' dark solemnitee,
Jack prayed to all soules to set them soon free.

peasy he next nyte, in wolf shape run they all forth,
py JDancers and Gnawers howling From the north.
h The power of Mars From celestial spheres
pws Cnsased their blood to Rage without Fears.
The dells of the Midlands and shires hear the crge
OF the howling of death undir the dark skye.
full ware kept Jack his head, and he told
The Dancers he would lead them by hidden rode.

66 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

9 eFore London, Jack Led the pack down a vale,

y The sign is given, Get and Fang Leap to the kille,

Aq Also come more Gnawers For Foe's blod to spilte.
The Gnawers with Jack turn on the Dancers too.

Jack was False to the Dancers, to the Garou true.

The ambush attack leaves many slayne,

Mang are Left dging, many In pagne.

ee ey be Dancers Fite with Fury in sLaughter,
p Going down in gorg undir blod's water.
Drededoom, he cries, J will sLage trartour Jack!"
SN gM Than yells blak magic and Leaps to attack.
Jack was Full of Luck and blest to survive.
He dodged the blow than with his Foe strived,
Biting at Drededoom's neck, until with breath,
He said goodbye to hard LF and welcomed death.

4 ‘Chen howls he made From the depths of that dale.

A trysted you," he said, "but UF J cannot undo.

Jack Debi tongue, Debil tongue you are named true."

Than Prededoom died, the Garou had victorg,

A The Get and the Fang and the wolfs of the city
By deed of Jack. He saged, "fobilup King,

A glorious hunt as a gifte to you 7 bring.

That is my wedding sift to you, great glory.

Leave me the pelts, they have priory."

easy he pelts he save to Edward, to prove all wolf's dead,

y Than with thanks he went to his Friends and sagyed,
b ¢ "Corbet's werk is don. Tell the Leeches of this town
rior Not to recall hem, or next we hunt Leeches down."
Now as our blith inereaseth Uke Legfes on a tre,
Remember those old and goung who need charitg.
For Jack Debiltongue's sake, sIF always more.
Blessed be Seynt Alexis and blessed be all poore!


‘

: Ni qt

"4
oh Zz

i;

al

=f


\

Shogecka Hunter Moon

J. The Wendigo in Pure Land

When Pure Land was new, long ago
When grinding ice came from the north,
Came Uktena and Wendigo

Howling across the bridge of snow.
Croatan followed their scent forth,
Three half-wolf brothers fought their foe,
Cleaning the lands of old Wyrm's swath,
Urging the Pure Ones,"Come and grow!"

The Wendigo half-wolves fared wide
When Wyrm returned to the fields.
When the Croatan died, many cried,
Sacrificed to the old Wyrm's pride.
Pure Lands' mighty living shield!
Wendigo thought Uktena lied,
Gazing in his great sand wheel

Had lied — so Middle Brother died.

Then over from Great Salt Water,

The White Men of the distant kings,
First in trade and first in slaughter,
Wars of guns and cannon fodder,

The present that the White Man brings.
English lose to their own daughter,
French driven out, and the word rings:

Washington is Great White Father.

More coming to that sacred place,
Harsh were the newcomer's demands.

of the Wendigo |
JJ. Shogecka Hunter Moon

The levelers of land and space,

The fallen sons of Adam's race,

The wrath of Europe's angry bands,

The Wendigo their foe embraced,

Gave battle through the untamed lands.
The newcomers the old wolves faced.

Shogecka Hunter Moon of the Wendigo

AF a SA A PPD ND

The moonlight fell upon the sand,
Bathing the shore in her pure beams.

The light of night lit up the land

Near the mighty Shawnee band.
Gthedowi the woman mused on her dream
Of her far-off Osage clan,

Then held onto her newborn twins,

The mixed children of wolf and man.

Her husband Opawaka's woes

Caused him to hunt and there was fed
Upon the fear of Shawnee foes.

He had the blood of Wendigo.

The Creek and Delaware he led

To war in winter's blinding snows.

The Iroquois braves he bled,

Gifts to the winter wolves and crows. N
N 69


Gthedowi named her children.
The son was Shomikaci called,
Shogecka her daughter's name chosen.

In Osage their names spoken,

The kin of moon and waterfall,
Raised by father's Shawnee brethren
And old Wendigo ritual —_

The fiercest wolves under heaven!

Taught by the Wendigo their skills,
They hunted with Shawnee and Ottawa.

Many are their chosen kills,
Cleansing the Pure Land of her ills.
They heard words from Tenskwatawa.
The Shawnee Prophet's vision spills

To Wyandot and Chippewa,
From Great Lakes to the Catskills.

The Prophet's words flew in the air.
Council was held on Stony Creek:

|
|
|
| The Miami and Delaware _
Gave ear to his great vision there,
Pleading the scattered tribes to seek
N One strong Indian nation where

The mighty could protect the weak
And make war on the White Man's lair. _

The Wendigo aided their fight

To cleanse lands and.help the Mother.
They howled in council at moonlight.
They helped the Red against the White
Fight against the Pale Other',

The leader of great Shawnee might,
Tecumseh the Prophet's brother.
Possessed by ancient spirit sight.


The Shawnee town he tried to save,
Brought low by White Man's powder horn.

~ Ever after she chose the road

Of Tenskwatawa's. prophecy:

Under moonlight her futy glowed,

Her claws-attacked; her white teeth showed,
The maker of wrath's misery.

Under the-night sky darkand bold,

She made her people's history,

Reaping the wind‘the White Man sowed.

WY
N=

.

Y == = =
(om . =a
SSN

\\

eee

When war.came.on, both twins were grown.

Shomikaci had becotié a'brave,

Yet sorrow'on Shogecka shown.

Her features‘sad; her heart was:torn,

Her husband in an early grave.

Swift Night Fox died, bloodied and worn, |

Under autumn's moon came prowling
~ Seventeen wolves of dire dread.
She looked at hee fighters scowling.

They with eerie oaths were vowing

Their lives as she cut arm and bled.

\ The wolves approached, low and growling.
a A AS They binded oath, on her blood fed,

aay } Le . Then ran in wolf circles howling.

\

— ee,

— . a

Soon Wyandot ond Chippewa

Joined with the great, Indian.
Shomikaci and Shogecka

And braves from the lake Ottawa |
Then taught the Creek the Prophet's law. NN
Po) _

Came with Tecumseh's following.
South they talked to Chickesaw
Where:Cherokee were listening


BRIPGES 1 ©

X

Their luck grew when war was brought on
Between Great Britain and the States.
King George the Third in old London,
James Madison in Washington

Prepared their armies for their fates.
Tecumseh's old foe Harrison,

Father beyond the Great Salt Lake,
Armed._allied tribes with shot and gun.

Shogecka stood still, listening

For the war howl of the Wendigo.
The forest leaves were rustling,

And in the clearing bustling

The swift feet of Wathigtho.
"Cousin," she called and ran yelling,
"Your noise is the north wind's blow.
What are the wood spirits telling?

72

"I studied our foe. All were blind.

Some helped me understand their ways.

| asked the wolf kin I could find

For aid against the human kind

Who cross the land and end our days.
They laughed and told me never mind.
They take our caerns and mock our ways.

We will pay back those kin unkind."

Shogecka then called her people

Off into the black moonless night.
Then seventeen brave Wendigo
Armed with claws and knife and bow
Found the Americans' camp light.
The sentries slain by night shadow,

The werewolves broke the camp with might,

Slaying where the wet grasses grow.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

QA a A RR ED

Some men shook at beasts of the moon.
Some men with courage yelled attack.
Some men saw them as Hell's harsh doom.
Others scattered into the gloom,
Thinking of war chief Pontiac.

The half-wolves made the camp a tomb,
The fury of Shogecka's pack

On prey who blush in Death's first bloom.

Wathigtho read the Captain's plans,
"We must run swift to British lands.
We go where Erie's water runs ©

To save Piqua's mighty sons

From Harrison's Americans."

The Wendigo with red talons
Passed the Yankee sentry bands
Under Fort Malden's mighty guns.

——\

Sa
Y 4
Wd, JN) Ws

P,P


The North was cast into fire,

Five Nations too, tho Seneca
Tecumseh sought to aspire

To halt the westward empire.

Aided by British Canada,

America earned England's ire,

Took Great Lakes with her armada,
Caught their foes in deep war's mire:

First they left new Detroit's walls,
Then they abandoned Fort Malden.
News spread as swift-as wood bird. calls.
Their foes advanced by creek and falls
On River Thames with Harrison.
Tecumseh knew from war and brawls
The fighting sons of Washington.

He waited for.the wolf which mauls.

British General Proctor told. men,
To fall in rank and their foe see
Tecumseh's allies quick fall in,
The Wendigo with Indian
From skirmish at McGregor's Creek.

Their hearts were high as the north wind.

Shogecka to the chief would speak,
"In dark night we can finish them."

"Withering st

-"Shogecka, the British show fear,

But my Indians remain strong.
Harrison will be coming here.

His great force is now drawing near.
Here we avenge many a wrong."
Then Shogecka called out quite clear
For the wolves to join the throng"
And hid from hima silent teat.. ~

Fecumseh: stopped Proctor's:retreat,
Meéting:the foe bravely standing.
Outnumbered, they. began drum-beat.
The Wendigo on half-wolf feet,

Both bestial and commanding,

Fell upon their foes swift and fleet.

The advance scouts they were branding

With claw-marks, scything their red wheat.

The sound of guns beneath the sky .
Battle where foes finally meet

"and many die.
Then all there hear that awful cry:
"Tecumseh's dead! Retreat! Retreat!"
Then the Indians break and fly.

They flee and face the long defeat

Of people whom.time passes by.

Shogecka Hunter Moon of the Wendigo
Wana»

- When silen

Time gave them many battles yet.
Across the rivers and the plain,

The Shawnee swift gathered their slain.
The Shawnee's foes do not forget

The voice of the great Prophet

Whom they hid under earth and rain.
These words they said without regret,
"Brave Tecumseh will come again!"

Only. two Wendigo died there.
The-rest covered their kinsmen's route.
Shogecka rose from her nightmare,

"Told her kinfolk, "Be wise! Beware!

Look at these green lands here about.
We thust fight undying warfare,
Warfare that will be long drawn-out.
Tell your kin! Be wise! Prepare!"

She said during the war of hate...
t vision spok for
Claim the living earth's lost estate
When the north wolf returns with might,
The gray wolf hunting with his mate."
The prophecy of Tecumseh's fate

The wolf howls still at night relate.

—,

|

SO

73

Oy
i


4

Scenter of Whispers knew the legends

from the eldest Garou

of Old Wolf of the Wolves

who oversees the Garou -

where the pine needles gather

and the sap from old trees and seeds from the cones
fall onto the forest floor.
Old Wolf of the Woods.

The scent of Mother Gaia

is in his nostrils

The sound of all wolves howling
sing imhis ears

The taste of the hunt and kill

is between his teeth

The sight of Garou valor

shines in his eyes

The folly of humanity is in his smile.
The immortal wolf

who cheated death.

The immortal wolf

whose glance shows

aid to his packs, all Wyld's children.
Old Wolf of the Woods,

he howled in his dreams,

singing songs of laughter

which echoed across the mountains,

~— Old Wolf of the Woods |

singing wolfen joy in strength and life.

He was marked.
The others sensed his scent,
his difference,

Scenter of Whispers had been born a pup of the wolves.

As a pup, he played in the games of his sisters and brothers.

and although he was strong and swift NN
5

: and dominant, an Ahroun, he was
almost a scapegoat to the pack wolves.
Old Wolf of the Woods 7.
Wi GE ee ee eee eae \

Yet in their odd fear,

they displayed towards him
an odd deference.

When he was still a pup,

a cougar found him alone
and attacked, then itself was
slain by a great lone wolf.
Never did he forget the sigh
of that noble wolf

who vanished into the woods
after nudging him homeward.

When he was a little older __
and the Change came on, Blood Tongue
took him away from the wolf pack.
He was different, Garou, a skin-
shifter.

But there were others like him

from the Red Talon tribe. .
Scenter of Whispers found

he could leap into different

shapes, the Crinos werewolf

of power or the shape

of the human.

He flexed his strange-fingered hands
lifted tools, learned something
of their odd tongue.

He preferred his birth-shape:
the wolf of gray color, intense
sight and hearing, and the
powerful scent Mother Gaia gave him.
The humans he thought of 4

confused and lost creatures

killing because they wer

not having the.eyes, eafs and nostrils

of the wolf.

DY /GQaana»


In his mind he named them "Mouthsensers,"
because they tried to communicate

all through their tongue,

ignoring smell, and placing sight and
hearing below their language.

How sad to communicate

with just the mouth.

Snow from Skies, another Red Talon,

told him the legends

how Old Wolf of the Woods had tricked the
Gurahl, the bear-changers, from finding
the caerns of the early Talons, the
first changers.

Old Wolf of the Woods had also.
outwitted the human hunters, :
tricking them with paw-prints
and frightening their dogs.
He also saved the great Garou warrior,
Gnashes at' Moon, from drowning

in wild rapids:

The.generations. pass like leaves,

but Old Wolf of the Woods is

still there.

The sentinel of wolf-and Garou,
hidden from all eyes,

emerging from his den at his
own-choosing. The first to howl

pure beneath the new moon,

Gaia's first child,

réd-coated wolf,

savior and destroyer.

Scenter of Whispers saw him

through the eyes of his ancestors,

a lone figure,

A a LT ER SD

noble and wild,
aiding the wolf children and wolf-
changers.

Scenter of Whispers remained a year
with the Red Talons, then

went back to the wolf pack.

He missed his brothers and sisters

and tired of the Garou. .
Soon he was accepted, and thoughts of
his Garou life slipped away,

save in the back of old memory:

Old Wolf-of the Woods.

He found a mate‘in-one he named Snow: Crest.

They laughed and played and sang
beneath the hunter's moon.

She bore their children, five pups
staring a week'after birth

at the wide strange world.

He played with. his children

in the long grass and bright sunlight,
taught. them the hunt,

knew them by scent, song-and sight,
two sons and three daughters.

For seven years he ran with

Snow Crest.and loved her,

his mate and friend.

Finally, old age caught up with her,
and she lay down to die

welcoming death and the earth.
Scenter of Whispers was with her,
her sparkling eyes still young.

After she died, he whined

long mourning for her, howling

ma

|

77

oy
|

aN

his lone song to the moon.
He had lost his friend and mate. ~~

The wolf life died for him.

His children were grown. None were
Garou, but their pups might be.
He bid farewell to them
with nudges and song
and left the pack, going to

the ancient caern ofthe Red Talons.
His brothers and sisters of the

Garou were surprised to see

him return. —
"We thought you had forsaken all
but the wolf," they told him.
He spoke of his life among th
wolves. It washis
vision of Old Wolf of the Woods
which brouglit him here,

he proclaimed.

The Red Talons accepted him,

but still thought him touched

by some strange spell.

They did not like their kind

to leave the tribe.

Yet since he dwelt among wolves
he was readmitted, even.considered
wise. , :

He rose to third in the pack.
Scenter of Whispers stayed with

the Red Talons three years.

He won great respect

for his knowledge of herbs. and trails.
Still he desired in his heart to find
Old Wolf of the Woods.

aan

~


2, seemmerensaeeemeevehl eres ewan el ereerrey

After three years with the pack, Watch the creek,
"Where can I find him?" he asked the others. waiting, afternoon light a
"That you will have to find yourself, falling from great pines, N

.. and he does not like to be scent of pine cones and needles.

\. -o-discovered. Noise: walking, hooves. :

a Maybe there is a way Sight: antlers among dead branche : \\

in the back of old wolf dreams, dark eye of stag coming to.water, i ;
into the north country Stomach hungry, stréngth flows ~ \

which he likes the best." through body eyes forming pl
. Head stag towards rocks;

Scenter of Whispers then bid farewell tire him, kil

to his Red Talon family, a Leaping out, the tag falls: back,

vowing to find the pure path hooves in water,. water f spraying.

of the ancient Grandfather. . Deer running

In a long moot, the Red Talon - towards rocks, - ~

howled songs of farewell halts to use antlers,

for the wandering heart of : Avoid, pace, tire,
Scenter of Whispers. ee 7 leap, dig teeth into back,
He called on the Incarna os - throat, warm blood,
taste and scent of blood, lifeblood,

: thrashy struggle of dying‘deer; ."
and was gifted with eahige sight. warm meal, bury meat in- cold: snow.

He sensed the unseen path
that only certain eyes could'spot,
the trail of hidden things.

Halo around the moon.
Countless stars.

Owl hoots.

_" Passing through the night,

He followed that trail
through long grasses as wolf a shadow among
into the wooded northlands. the rocks and trees.
Thoughts:

Days pass, shadows moving.

One thought breaks in with the false dawn:

a OT the

Thistles on fur, scent of Old Wolf of the Woods.
pine sap and fresh kill. - Thoughts when east-glows-red: Old Wolf of the Woods is calling.
Rabbit tracks, droppings, off into a Summoning. I seek him, and he is seeking me.
thorn branches. High howling song, scent of the great wolf.
Gurgling of creek, water cold to lap, good. .
Old Wolf of the Woods 79


Thoughts:
Land here is where he would like.

Past life vanishing; light on rippled waters.

Am the wind gusting towards Old Wolf of the Woods.
Scent of Old Wolf of the Woods from north east.
One of many. Fading shadow. Wolftorenew. = ~
Killer. Protector. Guided by the birds of prey, north _
home. All wolves are his children. .
See through his eyes, strength in his movements, hear all world
breathe, see, scent all wolves.

Then he heard the dogs howl. Scent of dogs and man.
Dogs: chained cousins, cousins who: sérve masters.
Approaching. Smell sweet smoke: tobacco.

en dog: Change scent,-tracks.
Crinos ton Upright, power. I laugh,

gain the crest of the hill. Sight hunters.

Dogs confused by change of-scent.

First dog reaches crest. Seize, rip throat, hurl

back to others.

Leap down hill, hunters falling back, smell FEAR,.....
HUMAN FEAR, dogs protect them (too good for masters).

Scenter of Whispers drew their fire,

outrunning their death shot, laughing when he was hit,
ripping into one hunter, killing him in fury.

Damned dogs, next hunter, drag down inte the snow,

dogs all-over, wrestle, rip into-chest cavity,

he strong, hold head back, finally kill. Man yell, "hellhellhell".
More shot entering, hurt, DAMN DOGS ripping

into ear, flesh. Cannot concentrate.

Smell him. See yellow wolf eyes from thicket,
observing; great wolf.

Old Wolf of the Woods.

Leaping, Old Wolf brought a hunter down,

then turned on another.

- Scenter of Whispers gathered courage,

met his foe,

fought alongside the Great Wolf.
...He chased the.dogs into the woods.
All the then' dead. Scenter of Whispers
et OOK wolf form and howled the song of victory..

ol not move,
waiting among the bodies.

"C ome with me a Old Wolf said

If between hearing,

Old Wolf gave Scenter of
his red coat and size that
recognize him.
His watch would not be ea

the life ofmany in length,
the choice of successor,

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou "ag 1
gg gg i, PO | "A 8

ter of Whispers followed


her scent, her white form. Through pine branches

He honored his mate in memory where the cones and sap are mixed with leaves,
and became you can feel his eyes
Old Wolf of the Woods, - : upon us,

first to howl.at the moon,
first of Gaia's children,
protector of his people,
old Grandfather,

Old Wolf of the Woods.

and the power, his predecessors,
became his.

Old Wolf of the Woods
\\ mapa



Mexandeu Thunderd,age
of the Shndow Lords

"Alexandru Parvan, Alexandru ThunderRage, you have
slain Mihaly. The pack knows it.

They are afraid to condemn you, but it was

a petty thing over a petty argument," so said
old Pasic, leader of the pack, the only

one Alexandru called friend.

"He was too headstrong," Alexandru mumbled,
looking at the night sky, the eternal stars
reflected deep in silent pool.

He beheld his own face, a phantom

unformed mask as of yet not

realized. A formless night

confronted him. Day had departed,

a worn and wasted ghost.

"Look at what you are, what you could be,"
old Pasic sighed. "You are strongest and

brave, brave enough to be our leader.

You will rule the Shadow Lords of

the Tisza River and Transylvanian Alps, all of
Banat.

You are too wild, an unformed wind

raging without reason, killing for

petty purpose our wolf brothers, Petru

and Victor. You break our laws

because you have the strength. All

fear your power, but no one will follow a

leader long who is lawless, without restraint.

You are too wild for even the vicious Shadow Lords.
The refinement of cunning is lacking.

I command you, my dark Narcissus, find your enemy
in the city beyond the Moon Bridge, in the

Umbra Realm. There you will conquer

the dull brute within you or perish

Alexandru ThunderRage of the Shadow Lords

2 22k 2a a 2a 2 a a 2 2 or a

FH FETE He Fee HH eHe+T HH eH ete?

a beast.

All in that city mirrors the soul,
it is said. You will see yourself.
There you will fight

for your very life.

Return with a refined mask

or not at all."

Alexandru laughed, then felt ashamed and
went off into the woods to perform this
strange task. He did not fear the task.

He feared little, but for his old

friend he decided to go. He walked the
Moon Path between the worlds, and

the seasons fell, discarded clothing.

The sensation was strange, when he looked
and smelled late pollen of swollen flowers,
heavy and thick in the air where no

breeze moved.

Unreal city — he beheld fantastic lights mirrored
in still waters. Unreal city —- he longed to touch
her reflection for a moment before

the ripples altered her beauty and

took her away.

Alexandru reached the distant mirage at

night, the rain-drenched streets of Behirion

where dim lamps mirrored broken souls on oily asphalt.
It is here the dead huddled, singing their odd dirges.
The trashcans burned, old pyres.

Grinning gargoyles peered through the inky smoke of

night. From some nameless home, music thundered
death. His soul felt the alien oppression

of a thousand unseen things digging like thistles
into his flesh.

The inn, the inn, the inn is here.

The shades of children chanted rhyming nonsense
from darkened alleys. Alexandru avoided the inn,
passing swiftly from the fellowship of the

living and the dead,

the straw men, the flawed men,

wasted scarecrows and skeletons of the Reaper's baggage.
Shadows danced before his eyes.

He heard their chants and empty threats,

braving the nightmarish streets in vain,

leaving the dead to huddle, singing their odd dirges.
Around every turn, he looked for his foe.
Alexandru knew that under some arch

a Garou with his form awaited with

death in his-yellow eyes.

Above, the celestial cryings of the angels, music
rising inescapably to these perfected beings

of ancient spheres, lost paradise. He could feel them
in the airs above the slumbering city, and in a
glimpse of longing, he dreamed to breech the barrier
towards these ethereal beings, dancers of high
divinity, to raise them with an animal yell

and proclaim, "You noticed me in your celestial
contemplation, an animal, a thing of the earth,

doomed to death and dust and the wild winds' scatterings.

Go on! My exaltations may not reach you
in the Forgotten City! Go on with your silent

84 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

FH HFHFeFeHeoese eee eee eee

FFT eH eFeHeHeeeeeeeeeey +

singing of Heaven's hymns. I go on to the
night-drenched city, to the ancient hunt."

The sighs of angels passed above him. He slunk
under an archway, the still airs pregnant with
unfocused and old desires.

Silent streets before him, jutting architecture

and odd angles, glyphs on the walls, dark windows, empty
papers rustling down strange and twisted avenues. Far off,
the mocking noise of music reached his ear

once, then was gone. Alexandru sniffed in

wolf form. No scent was present, but a

sudden glance down dark and desolate roads,

he knew he was followed by Death, quiet

and sure-footed, and he withdrew before his reflection
was cast in the Reapet's eye.

A lone dog barked. From a rooftop
leaped a Garou, tearing at

Alexandru with clawed fingers deep

into his wolf neck. Warm blood fell on
cobblestone. Alexandru shuddered. His foe
was upon him, strong and merciless.
Finding strength in the Crinos form,
Alexandru struck back. Both bit and tore
with savage splendor. Their fight

pitted two equal opponents in a death-
kill. How long they danced in Death's
embrace he could not tell. His foe
disengaged and laughed, running into
the shadows of the sleeping city, still
nameless and faceless, unformed.

The laugh was his own, hollow.


The Garou was himself. He feared the . A Get and a Strider stood ready to do their drunk lord's
nightmare given life, gaining strength, bidding. "At least we are hardened," Alexandru answered.
while he wandered lost.

"Touché, old boy," Dmitri yawned, plucking a perfumed

Bleeding and tired, never having fought cigarette from a silver case. "We are the flawed men,
such a fight, Alexandru retreated. The inn the scarecrow wolves, old tales keeping the

was before him, the bypassed inn, other Garou at a respectful distance, keeping you aside. A chore,
He froze at his reflection in the window. a chore. At 3 p.m., they serve oysters here. As for you,
He entered. you only fight yourself, old boy.

A Glass Walker sneered at him. A Bone Gnawer said, You await yourself out there."

"WE don't serve your kind here." Alexandru In the corner, a Stargazer

shunted past. A Silver Fang sat drunkenly inhaled from a hookah, staring stupidly at

between two painted ladies. He leered at Alexandru, a crack in the wall. A Fianna plucked on

putting down his stein of the Hapsburg Emperor. an old guitar a ballad of some lost Irish

"I am Dmitri, and I believe we find you too wild for cause.

our taste."

86 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

FH FETE FETE FEF HE FEF EF HEF HEF HH HEHEHE HEH EHH HHH HHH HH HHH HHH HHH HHH HHH HHH

"a

¥


Austrian ghost soldiers sang old Vienna tunes. A
Gypsy woman displayed the Chariot and the
Devil. It was her glance that halted Alexandru
from slaying Dmitri then and there. He

flew outside,

holding his wrath for a future date.

Howling winds hinted at the hidden

horrors beneath every hovel. Out in the
weed-choked garden, the vampires feasted

under a lone forgotten moon. They

laughed as he passed. Turning, he studied them,
leeches of life, Death's dance of desire putting on
the cloak of the living, but rotting from

within, pale eyes empty. They bent over a small
bundle. In rage he charged them, forgetting his hunt. They
dropped a girl wrapped in blankets. A small

child cried and looked into his wild half-wolf eyes.

Brown hair, his image trapped in the gaze of the girl.
Swooping her up, he ran from the pollen-caked weeds.
A sudden love surged in him,

a fire of life driving him. He released her

far from the garden, cursing his compassion, and continued.

The vampires were gone, waltzing before an ancient pyre,
moths driven to dance towards Life's bright fire.

The animal knows, the ancient wolf.
Some scent-triggered memory, buried long,
rises, a new flower from an old seed.

A memory unfolds her gentle petals

to the conscious sun. Playing as a child,
long shadows on cool mornings beneath

summer trees, the world was magical.
Every bird and leaf
and shadow moved with a soft humming.

In the center of the spiral city a strange statue
stood, surrounded by weeds and the stuff of decay,
rubble and abandoned might-have-beens:

a noble wolf, eyes gazing forever

towards the North Star.

Work of marble, clear and crystalline

Grecian features of honor

glinted off the cool lupine form.

"The Hero Who Overcomes," he thought

he saw written there.

Tears of rage and shame

shook Alexandru. He bowed his head,

and silent prayer shook

his fearful frame.

He did not think, as he did at first,

that it was the first Shadow Lord;

rather the idea that all Garou strove for.

When his eyes dried, he felt strength
renewed, a new savage joy tempered

with purpose. He had seen the noble

idea through the eyes of a beast

and could still fathom the mystery of

the wolf of the winds

who stood sentinel over the scarecrow city
of dreaming decay and autumnal death,
banshee wails, creaking dead wood,
grasses graying against fragment concrete
of the plaza into Helltown.

Alexandru ThunderRage of the Shadow Lords

FFP Feoeerere e+e oeeeeeoe

+

+

+

+

+

e+ esre+reore+rersHr e+e oestye +

Now a strange unwritten

code had entered his heart,
changing a killer into a warrior.
He set forth, hunting.

Behind an abandoned

abbey, he heard his foe laughing.

Entering the sepulcher of God, a stillness

crept about him, soothing him, then from
Byzantine depths leaped the other Garou,
crashing through stained glass images of angels,
rolling with his prey into old pews,

breaking the icons of saints,

four eyes mirroring one werewolf.

Thundering impact, falling and rolling

with teeth and claws digging,

the two beasts. bled, staining the cold

stone floor the color of

smashed berries.

The other seized him by the throat.

His lungs hurt, black spots danced before his
eyes. All was effort. \

- Frantically he slashed at his foe,

his nails tearing out the left

eye. Up the Garou leapt, screaming.
Alexandru ran after,

passing through grotesque back-streets,
his wounded enemy.

He hunted.

_ He found his prey.

444444494444 44H HHH HHH HHH HH +

A mighty leap, they crashed onto old rock.
In the opaque air they grappled until
Alexandru had him by the neck. With
arms straining, harsh breathing, the ticking
of moments into eternities,

lie twisted the neck in his hands until

it cracked, the arms of the other

also engaged. Breathing came hard,

victory dear-won.

His dying opponent looked at

his face and gave himself a name. "Alexandru,"
he said, and then whispered, "Myself."

His throat rattled, and he died.

Alexandru looked down upon himself, realized

how close he had come to Death's

‘touch. A different man stood up, dead

before himself, his past ways and life.

Alexandru walked away, ascending
the road of heroes, out of the city
where Life's shadow breathed,

and the bones of saints were cracked
beneath cold stone.

Returning alive, no. longer

a beast of impulse, but a man of

cold command and cruel contemplation
The idea burned in his heart.

The others called him "New Thunder."

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

y

ak dade aed Seek Ak ee ee ek ee ee EE OA A

any

a

FFP PeHe He Fe Fe FEF HHHHHO HY

A great hero of the Shadow Lords he became,
leader wise in strategy. He united

the Shadow Lords against the vampire Mikhail
and broke his power over the Carpathians.

He challenged the Silver Fangs in revolt-

torn Russia.
His name is held in honor with Stephan SlySlayer,
Nikos Router of Turks and Nicole Death Bringer. _
Now enough is sung. Let us retire

Ere voices fail us, and we expire.

|



Wolf Lupo

Lone

Molasses Moon

Vince "Hammerhand" de Angelo grabbed the phone, staring
through the curtains of the cabin window. He was a big man, dressed in
a baggy brown suit, with powerful shoulders and tough hands which
had seen more than their share of hard work.

His gut was telling him they were out there, slinking in with the
growing afternoon shadows. Perspiration covered his hands, and he
cursed when he found them shaking. He gathered his nerves and dialed
out, needing to concentrate just to grip the phone. He finally got an
operator.

"Connect me with Chicago. Frank Cantello."

Vince forgot for a moment that he was in Canada. The whole hook-
up with Chicago was going to take a while. He almost hung up in
disgust, but decided against it. He was miles from. anywhere and
surrounded. "-

Ducking his large head, he peered out of the kitchen window. The
land was still. Late afternoon shadows fell heavy over the tall grass. The
presence of death was out there, tangible. He could feel eyes out there,
watching from beyond the tree line. And a scent. A wild odor seeping
into the isolated cabin.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

OAL PTS ST PT TY IY

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers 91
La eee

wae ol ff hammer armvvancenvancent la

"How the hell did I get up here?" he thought. "How in Jesus Christ
did I get up to this godforsaken dump? I ought to be in Chicago making
the collection rounds for Big AI."

The operator put him through with Frank.

"Hello? Hello, Frankie. Yeah, it's me, Vince. The connection's
weak... hello?"

"What's going on? You guys in Toronto?" mumbled Frank.

"Things are bad up here," Vince found himself saying, the words
spilling out too fast. "We got the truck run off the road on the way to
Toronto for the pick up. Stafford and his boys weren't waiting. We
called them from this bar in London —"

"London?"

"London, Canada. Wake up, smart guy. Stafford wasn't waiting. It
was raining. We called them from this bar, and they said you changed
the delivery date."

"We didn't do that, Vince. Stafford's been straight with us. The
juice was scheduled for today."

"You didn't? Christ sakes," moaned Vince. He began to talk in a
voice barely audible, "Felt like something was watching us. Jim felt
it too... tell Capone I think Irish O'Banion is out to get us."

He pulled his Browning from the holster, briefly feeling secure. He
thought of his wife and daughter, a picture still-framed in his mind
which soon fragmented when he thought again of the location.
Isolated. Woods for miles. And they're out there.

_Stinkin' yellow eyes waiting.

He knew the doors of the cabin were locked, secure. He could hear
the creaking of old wood, the scampering of the only other occupant,
a small mouse. Wish I was your size, he found himself thinking, and
it almost forced a laugh. Outside, the sun was warm, the day still and
quiet. An occasional bird burst into song in the vast forest outside the
door, beyond the visible world of the window frame. All the earth was
peaceful in that suspended space.

Waiting.

A rustling in the grasses. Time intruded upon eternity. Sweat
beaded on his forehead, stung his eyes.

He began talking again, his words racing. "Anyway, we felt like
something was watching us, like we was hunted. We all felt it. We


hy

a 277 a 2

decided to go find a hotel, in New London or wherever. Johnny says
‘Is everybody happy?' in his wiseass Ted Lewis jazz voice to try and
cheer us up, and I wanted to pound him. We go north of the city. Idon't
how, but we get lost down this old forest road at night. This mangy
dog, big ugly dog, is sitting at the road side and I swear it's laughing
at us."

"Laughing?" Frank sounded bewildered, despite the bad connec-
tion.

"TI thought Big John Torrio had this Toronto connection tied up. This
screw up wasn't supposed to happen. We were talking about the
Yankees-Giants game from last year when, oh, it must have been 2
a.m., something leaps out in front of us. Johnny slams on the brakes,
but we coast into a tree, and his De Soto is a pile. We got out... [don't
know, maybe they got a problem with wild dogs or wolves up here.
Next thing we know, this pack comes after us. I took off into the
woods. I heard Johnny yelling and firing his Thompson. I'm tellin'
myself, ‘Great, the Mounties're on the way.' But I hear him scream-
ing, and Don's screaming, and I kept running. Then these howls just
start up. Stopped me cold. Like every dog in Chicago was howlin' at
the moon all around me. Christ..." He paused, licking his lips. His
knuckles hurt from gripping the phone so hard.

"T found this cabin in the woods. I'm beating on the door, it opens,
no one's here. I locked it, then I must have dozed off. Think it belongs
to some sportsman, he left some things here. Look, send someone up.
I think they're still... Hello? Hello?"

The line was cut. His heart stopped, as if it too had been cut.

He knew they were out there. Their predator eyes gazing beyond the
dry yellow grasses out there in the underbrush. They were closing in
with the afternoon shadows.

The door shuddered, boards straining with the power of monstrous
fists. Vince hit the floor, aiming his gun. The old wood gave way with
a shower of splinters. A huge shape appeared, haloed with late
afternoon sky.

Mother of God, what the hell is that? he thought, remembering lost
childish nightmares. Before him stood a monster of fangs and fur. He
fired wildly. Another hell-beast entered, tall, strong, with grinning
canine head and oddly human yellow eyes. Gleaming. All he could do
was pray, knowing that his death, violent and horrible, was here.

92 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

J —_—_——— I,

A

a 27 a 2

"Lo, though I walk through the valley of..."

Claws ripped through him with white trails of pain. His neck was
crushed under monster strength. Two more hell-beasts were on him.
Blood soaked the pine floor in a spreading stain. Memory vanished,
a wasted ghost. A strong musky scent mingled with the smell of death.

Finally one of the half-beasts halted, gazing down on the body of
Vince de Angelo. The great wolf shapeshifted, changing into a human
male, thirtyish, with dark hair and wiry slight frame but powerful
arms and shoulders. Antonio "Lone Wolf" Lupo summoned the rest
of his gang, Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers, who crowded into the
small cabin.

"We got their ringleader, boys. I recognize him. We used to do
work for Torrio some years back." He laughed at an old memory.
Lupo, called by outsiders "Lord" or "Don", disliked both titles. He
preferred his name or a nickname. Still, he was always treated with
respect. His informality gave him a nice touch among his men, who
were extremely loyal.

"Let him squeal to Capone now!" Francesco "Lucky Lobo" de
Gubbio spat, Lupo's second-in-command. In the beginning there had
been a fierce rivalry between them for leading the Glass Walkers of
Chicago, but Francesco finally bit his pride, realizing Lupo had the
greater organizational skills and vision. After this they worked
together, a well-oiled machine. Francesco, a tall gaunt man with a
curiously boyish face, towered over his leader.

"We got them thinking it was O'Banion's Irish boys," Lone Wolf
said. "With any luck, Capone and O' Banion will fall into a gang war,
and we'll increase our territory in Chicago. I tell you, 1924 is going
to be a good year. Now, boys, we have a date in Toronto, and we ain't
leaving without our new liquor trade." There was a general round of
bestial laughter.

They fell in though, his Glass Walkers of Chicago: Antonio "Radio
Wave" Ceranno, Robert "Crushpaw" Vincinio and Michael "Model
T" Toledo. Next his Bone Gnawer muscle fell in: Jim "Speakeasy"
Sullivan, who in human form resembled the boxer Jack Dempsey,
and Danny "Rabies" Henderson, an ugly man of great muscle. Rabies
went through Vince's pockets, finding the money and tossing it to
Lupo. |

"Business expense," he grinned.

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers


or

"Not bad business for the son of Italian immigrants," Lupo said. The
forest road awaited. He longed to see the lights of Toronto and Chicago.
They were, after all, creatures of the city. ‘

It was a good time for them, all of them. Bootlegging had helped the
Glass Walkers climb back to a position of city power unknown to that
tribe since the days of the Italian Renaissance. Lupo knew that the great
Glass Walker Garou families had run guilds and even cities in Italy
during the Renaissance, but the wealth passed from the old Chinese
trade routes to various Spanish, French and English interests. The great
Glass Walker families held onto their wealth while others grew poor,
seeking immigration to raise their fortunes. And now the time had
come. America had been the land of opportunity. He planned to lead the
poorer city Glass Walkers back into positions of wealth and power. So
far, he was successful beyond his wildest dreams. -

His second plan involved that other Garou city tribe, the Bone

Gnawers. Although they were traditionally the pariahs and outcasts of -

Garou society, Lupo had found them very loyal and helpful. They were
clever, knowing the ins and outs of any city that even the Glass
Walkers, with all their knowledge of technology, couldn't master. The
two tribes had gotten along so well that Lupo spoke up for them at inner

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

Y atc mmmmiaay (/

y

tribal councils. Similar Bone Gnawer and Glass Walker cooperation
was happening in Boston, New York and other city gangs. Lupo
wanted to merge the tribes. They would be unbeatable. Given ten
more years he was certain he could pull it off.

He didn't think much about the Wyrm, though. He paid lip service
to it when in the presence of other Garou. He knew other Garou did
not trust his tribe, had not since eons ago when they had embraced the
city over the woods. They would never understand. He knew that
vampires were a reality in cities, and the Black Spiral Dancers posed
a danger, but neither of them were a day-to-day reality for him. He
figured any vampire lord could be bought off, bartered with for
information or, if weak, be destroyed. The Dancers, if numerous,
could prove a problem.

A week later in Chicago, the Glass Walkers were laughing over
beer and scotch in Lone Wolf's bar. A couple of the local police and
afew of Mayor Thompson's boys were enjoying themselves. All were
bought, of course. Young women dressed like exiles from the Ziegfeld
Follies or Clara Bow moved among them, and a lone musician
practiced on a saxophone. Rabies dug up the cash from the trash
hauler's racket, a city-wide secret union which respectably paid him

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers 93

i ——— ee er ey


wee el ff bummer aresrrancan aa

their dues. The young people, workers and businessmen, listened to
the soulful music of the saxophone richocheting off the bar into the
night of the new Chicago.

The Glass Walkers ran the place with efficient business sense,
electronic skill and killer instinct. The perfect combination. The
Canadians were now supplying them with topnotch whiskey since
Vince de Angelo and his boys were done in. Lone Wolf Lupo kissed
his girlfriend, Sylvia, and laughed. He felt the familiar pumping of
animal adrenaline through his veins. He was a power in this city of
power, a rising star. Although nominally under Capone's leadership
(as were all the gangs), he was carving out his own supply network and
territory. Capone's hold was tenuous at best, and Lupo could only gain
from any shattering of the central authority in any gang-related
warfare. But he must hold his cards close to his hands. He must appear
loyal, until the moment (and his strength) was right. This would take
time. He found Machiavelli's teachings quite useful. His totem was
the Fox, sly and elusive.

"To Prohibition," he toasted the bar. It was called the Fourteen
Points, but known as the Fourteen Pints in the neighborhood.

"T think Capone bought that the Irish boys got de Angelo," he told
Rabies. "I've given a little extra to Thompson's boys, the orphans, the
vets, the hospital and the church."

"The church?" Rabies asked, staring into his whiskey. "I thought
your parents were Italian Anarchists."

"T forgot," Lone Wolf said, thinking of his old father and mother as
somehow holy creatures. God, I love this city, he thought, gripping his
drink and listening to the singing of electricity, Edison's child and
Tesla's alchemy brought from Zeus into the city. Prometheus is
redeemed, and lame Vulcan pounds forges underground. The city, the
lit flower pulsating into the soul of night. Toronto, what a place. Closes
down on Sunday. Chicago, she never sleeps.

Lucky Lobo rushed in, wild-eyed and unkempt. Pushing patrons out
of his way, he made it to Lupo's side.

"Boss, we been hit!" he said. "At Giovanni's bar. Some of O'Banion's
boys shot the place up. It was his lieutenant, "Three Fingers' Malory."

Lupo swore, "How the hell do those bastards always know my
plans? Iswear, someone's reading my mind in his bunch." It happened
every time. For the last four months O' Banion always saw through his

94 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga
lL ——— aac,

Wy
Lol

' phone wires, hooking into O'Banion's lines, misplacing calls, an

wen 1 Gamer armvvancen nama

plans, set him back. A spy in his organization? Unlikely. The boys
were loyal.

"Come on, boys, it's work!" Lupo yelled, and the pack was
rounded up, the Kinfolk guarding the home turf, the full Garou ready
for a raid into enemy territory. In the back room of the bar, the
Thompsons emerged, and teenagers made sure the long line of sedans
was up and running. Radio Waves began to operate his makeshift

electric warrior using communications as his weapon of demoraliza-
tion and confusion. There was no machine or communications device
Radio Waves could not manipulate. O'Banion's territory was the
North Side of Chicago, and its headquarters were the eccentric gang
leader's floral shop, Schofield's, at 738 North State Street. The phone
lines had long been tapped by Lupo. O'Banion had a reputation as a
crazy killer, unpredictable, but he had never run across the Glass
Walkers.

Word came to Lupo, as he was cleaning his Thompson, that some
of Capone's boys were also at Giovanni's when it was hit. Good. The
city would be wide open for the spoils of war. Ever since the Torrio
organization had drawn the map of gang territory, and the other gangs
had gone along with it, Lupo had trouble with his borders. He had
Little Sicily, and he was in constant border disputes with "Dapper"
Denny O'Banion. He pulled out a .38 from a shoulder holster. The
men climbed into the waiting sedans. It would be a long drive to the
warehouse they were going to hit. Forget stepping sideways, we come
with the science and terror of the combustive engine, he laughed to
himself.

The sedans pulled out into the night in single file, to all appearances

part of a funeral train.
* OK ok

Inside a warehouse near the Lake district, "Three
Fingers" Malory was playing cards with the boys. They were good
men. They had made a hit earlier that evening at Giovanni's under the
false assumption that Lupo was spotted there. Malory was a man of
average height, with dark curly hair, and an emigrant from Ireland.
While many thought O'Banion's organization was strictly Irish, it
composed all nationalities.

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers

eile //,


wan ef S bammvorr armvoancen nesses La

Malory had special silver bullets made by a Lithuanian craftsman for
the hit that evening. He knew what Lone Wolf Lupo was, and he wasn't
taking any chances. He both admired and hated Lupo, emotions
welling up in him that were hard to explain. He did not tell his men
about the bullets. They wouldn't understand. Not that they would need
the bullets anyway. They were playing cards at the beer plant. If Lupo
retaliated, which was iffy at best, it would be at headquarters.

Malory knew about the Glass Walkers. Of all the tribes, they had to
be the oddest. They bent earth's spirits into servants of technology,
interacting with their schemes. Too modern and alien. He was the only
one who could predict with some accuracy Lupo's motivations and
goals. After being in town for afew months, he had been able to prevent
that motley gang of werewolves from having everything their way.

And he was the only one who noticed.

You had to give Lupo credit, he thought, looking over his hand. If
knew where their caern was, I could have some leverage. As it was,
Lupo was sly, real clever on how he did things. Almost unnoticed,
slowly gathering wealth and power.

"Hit me," Malory said, exchanging two cards.

The windows overlooking the truck entrances blew out, accompa-
nied by the noise of rapid machine gun fire. Pineapple bombs exploded,
raining box splinters and alcoholic liquid across the floor. Outside,
there was screaming and more sounds of gunfire. The men ducked,
flattening themselves against the floor, behind boxes and sugar sacks.

The lights went out. "Hell," Malory muttered. The return attack was
coming. Briefly he saw the moonlight filtering in, reflecting the silver-
orange orb in the spilled molasses-mix spreading across the floor.

"Call O'Banion now!" Malory hissed, positioning himself with his
gun ready. .

"T keep getting Minnesota. What the hell's wrong with this thing?"
German Schmidt yelled from across the room.

"It's Lone Wolf. [know it." Malory peered into the darkness towards
the entrance. Any minute now. Silver bullets ready, you son of a bitch.

Hell entered howling. Dropping through the upper windows and
rushing through a side storage passage, mad beasts dredged up from the
underside of nightmare made their reappearance. Malory counted
them. They seemed to number six. His boys numbered eight.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

FLL PTS TD TD IY,

A

Malory opened fire, hitting one. The werewolf fell. German Schmidt
and McCully opened fire. Stupid, stupid, such a waste, Malory
thought. Lone Wolf howled, chilling the air. Beer and molasses
mixed, splattering the walls.

Rabies and Speakeasy leaped onto Schmidt and Wyman. Screams
followed, then two bodies were hurled onto the floor, shredded
beyond recognition. One of Malory's men screeched, "This isn't
happening!" before Lupo tore into him. The blood now flowed into the
molasses, and the reflected moon stared stoically at her children.

Shadows danced in the night, a dance of frenzy and quick death.
Soon Malory was all that was left. He retreated behind boxes, firing,
then broke for a back exit. Lupo captured his scent. Something
familiar about him.

"He's making a break, boss!" Crushpaw yelled.

"Careful, he has silver bullets!" came the voice of Model T,
wounded but not finished.

Outside the warehouses, Malory rushed into his Chrysler, escaping
moments before a dark sedan containing Lupo, Crushpaw and Rabies
followed. Guns flared and blazed between them.

"Smash into him!" Lupo ordered. Crushpaw caught up, and the two
cars crashed into a haberdashery. Lone Wolf leaped out in Crinos
form, huge and angry.

Malory climbed out of his car, snarling, "You ain't got a corner on
the wolf racket!" and before Lupo's eyes transformed into a gigantic
Fianna werewolf.

Lone Wolf attacked. The two beasts rolled onto the earth, breaking
glass and drawing blood. Lupo gouged Malory, who crushed into
Lupo's ribs, his strength bearing down. Black spots danced before
Lupo's eyes.

Crushpaw and Rabies converged, and the Fianna disengaged.
Malory retreated into the night, leaping over a fence bordering the
shopping district. "I can take your ugly mug on one-to-one anytime,
but I ain't stupid, Lone Wolf," came Malory's voice.

Both of his werewolves moved to attack. "Let him be," Lupo
panted. ""We knocked out his men, destroyed their booze factory. If
he's smart, he'll join us or leave town." His option to Malory went
unanswered, swept by a midnight wind.

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers 95

a tenn //,


wen 1 bammerr armvvancen nana

The next day the Glass Walkers heard about the killing of O' Banion.
On November 24, he was shot in his own florist shop.

"Capone," Lupo muttered. His mind went to Malory. Could he
eventually bring him over? A problem for another day.O'Banion's wy
death changed everything. Time for enlarging his territory, making
4, alliances. Lupo swallowed his scotch. "It must have been planned for
weeks." O'Banion had openly defied and screwed over Torrio and
Capone too many times. He had no proportion. A time for betrayal,

a time for trust. Lupo was in the city to stay.

Lucky Lobo emerged from the bar, "Boss, we got word from
Capone in Cicero. He wants to deal."

"Later. We'll contact him later." Lupo knew something could be
hashed out. He helped Torrio get rid of "Big" Jim Colosmio and
cement control of Chicago. Capone had been in on that one too. They
could deal later.

Lupo went outside into the dark streets, followed by his lieutenant.

The whole city and we are the unseen, the werewolf gang passing
unknown among them, he mused. He crushed his cigarette. The dying
embers were swept away by a harsh autumn wind, perishing stars
swallowed by the night.

He mused on his life, staring at the moon's reflection in a puddle.

Boyhood street gangs, Uncle Cesaro guiding him through the Garou |

rites, old parades of Civil War vets — the scent of the night air
triggered a lifetime of memories. The struggle for leadership, Prohi-
bition, the uniting of the gangs, he thought about it all and smiled. The
city lights of Chicago beckoned him.

The Glass Walkers were made for the city. They walked on,
forgetting time. The electronic lights of Chicago were blazing with
the life and fury of the heart of the night, the midnight sun of
exploration. The city summoned the Glass Walkers from their ances-
tral forests. It was a live thing, a magic concrete forest of skyscrapers
and awe, the breathing of generations, the mixture of peoples.

"We are but bees working in this hive," he said.

"What?" Lucky asked.

"The city. Her." |
Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers
AOA PT DETER


wen 17 hammer armvoancen nant

Lucky nodded. All Glass Walkers felt the same about the city. It
could not be explained. They understood their inability, their sheer
impossibility of stating just what it was the city meant to them. The
hive of humanity, the mathematics of chance, the city was a coral reef
blindly being constructed by thousands of tiny organisms, building
on the dead bodies of their forebears. It was the warm-cold spirit of
the future's hushed promise, the love of culture's. fragments, the
pulsating machine driven by the soul of desire. Lone Wolf wanted to
enlarge his territory in her, protect her, a knight with a fierce band of
wolf brothers and weapons. She was the one pure thing he would do
anything for.

"You know Harold Spikedriver? He said something to me once..."
Lupo started.

Lucky knew Harold to be a Theurge, sometimes around, but given
to much introspection. He waited for Lupo to continue.

"He said he saw the city Incarna, the City Father of Chicago. A
giant industrial worker, but sick. It came to him sudden. He said we
have to help him. He's right, I think, but hell, I don't know how to
begin." They looked down Michigan Avenue,

"You figure Malory knew our plans by being Fianna? Or someone
in our organization?" Lucky asked, getting to matters at hand.

"He knew about us, but we didn't know about him," Lupo an-
swered. "He even got past our Bone Gnawer information net. That
ain't easy to do. Naw, I figure no one's disloyal. We wolves have to
stick together in the city. Even Malory didn't tell O' Banion what he
was."

Lupo went silent, thinking about the matter. Then he volunteered
more. "The way I figure it, our boys are with us 100%, Gnawers and
Walkers formin' one hell of a band. Now Malory, he's one of those
guys, torn between his Irish roots and his Garou side. He comes to
Chicago from somewhere back east. Maybe has a connection with
O'Banion, or maybe drifts to him, figurin', ‘this guy's Irish, we'll
watch over each other.' He chose O'Banion over us, his werewolf
cousins. And you know, hell, he may have had every reason to. The
tribes, the Garou tribes, they fight each other rough, even with all this
talk about, "Let's grab that Wyrm!' Hell, Lucky, if I gave a damn, I
would unite the tribes against the Wyrm."

|
Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

Y aia tention //,

\

wee 7S hammer arevrancer nant

"Fairy tales," Lucky grumbled. "You think Malory will leave
town?"

"He might," said Lupo, fumbling for cigarettes in his pocket. "Be
a shame if we can't get him. With his knowledge of O'Banion's
organization and western connections, we could grow big. Real big.
You know, we're doing a better job of uniting the tribes in the city
than those idiots outside. We get him, hey we got a League of Nations
of Garou in our organization."

They both laughed. Chicago's lights glowed, shining out the city
life amidst the urban decay. They walked, embracing the electronic
night, drawn towards its life, entering the forest of the future.

Lupo tried to light his cigarette. A north wind from the lake blew
out the small lighter flame.

"Need a light, friend?" a voice asked, and a figure approached
them. A lighter was produced, hands cuffed the wind, and Lupo began
puffing on the cigarette. He looked into the stranger's face.

"Malory," he said.

"Can we talk, Lupo?" the Irish man asked.

"Sure." Lupo answered, and the three figures emerged from the

city shadows, disappearing into the promise of distant lights.
ok OK ok

Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass Walkers 97

OFA PT TR centeiemey /,


\
\
|

Kells oii Ki
Ghikdre

i960

Kelly Blackford had the vision early

in youth, in her old family house

in Pine City, Minnesota,

before the First Change came upon her.
She saw a young sun

reflected in quiet still waters.

A stillness was also in the air,

wolves and men and deer, all

were reflective besides the calm lake.
She thought of the Biblical passage

about the lion lying down with the lamb.

She told her family after dinner.

Her father laughed,

"There is another passage, Kelly:
‘Beware of wolves in sheep's clothing.'
That's in the Good Book as well."
Her grandfather Paavo from Vippurri,
Finland, gave her an odd look.

"Let's go outside, Kelly, honey.
The night is warm."

They walked outside the old house,
hearing the old wood creak
and the chirping of crickets
beyond the meadows.

The old man puffed himself up.
"Has your father told you?"
"Told me what, Granddad?"
"Listen, you have questions?
You come to me, little blue jay.
Soon you will know."

i066

_ Kelly came to her grandfather.

"I feel strange. I have these dreams
where I'm running over wild lands
and leaving pawprints in snow."

Kelly Still Waters of the Children of Gaia

A ET RR SD

SEN

aters of th
of Gaia

Y/

N

99

—=\

\

Old Paavo laughed, "Welcome to the
Children of Gaia."

He told her many things that day

about the Garou and Mother Gaia,

about her lineage and her history,

her ancestors who chose the path of peace,
and she listened as her grandfather
repeated the tales of Timno Reaches Eagles
and Ilya Hope Through the Night.

Then he took her

to meet her secret family,

her new friends.

Kelly succeeded in the Rite of Passage,

told her new friends, the Children of Gaia,
her vision she had in her youth.

They named her Kelly Still Waters.

Other young Garou became her friends:

Julie Star Laughter, Paul Awakes Before Sun,
Tim Pine Shadow, Stacey Wander Lost,

and Robert Torch Bringer and his sister
Mary Watches Stone joined them from Chicago
from time to time. They were descended
from Africans and also claimed

the heritage of Gaia and Garou.

4966

The Great Society unraveled. The Red Talons
were displeased when more city Garou

joined the Children of Gaia in Minnesota.
Kelly had become a proud woman,

long brown hair and features of

Renaissance beauty.

Self-assured, aware, she made

a commitment of living.

She visited Minneapolis,

\

100


dug through old city records to discover
what was causing the odd blight

near the Twin Cities.

She discovered that the Pentex Corporation
had established proxy companies

in the area, researching biological

weapons.

Pentex was tied to the Mother's Foe.

She told the others.

4960-20

Katherine had stepped down as
Voice of the Goddess when old
Robert Moonfriend, Arm of the Goddess, died,

killed on Pentex property — "Authorized Personnel Only."

Kelly was young, but saw that
attacking an international
corporation alone was

1

suicide.

She assumed the mantle of Voice of the Goddess,
and Paul became the Arm of the Goddess.
She traveled, made alliances,

formed contacts with the Glass Walkers,

Bone Gnawers, Fianna and Wendigo.

They came forth with a united call-to

action. ‘

Bone Gnawers infiltrated the plant as janitors,
cooks and night laborers.

So did some Wendigo and Fianna.

The Glass Walkers broke the

security codes with computers.

Kelly lead the coordinated attack

on the plant, the bio-labs and guards

outside St. Paul.

The fomori were hideously slain,

and the strike teams dispatched

by Garou stealth.
Electricity:cut, inside cameras. turned off

by distant Glass Walkers.
It was a great victory.

i046

Tremors shook the north. The Red Talons

and Get of Fenris sent emissaries to the Children,
telling them: that the north ‘was too. crowded.
They held discussions but nothing was solved.

Kelly took coursés.at the University,
waitressed. part-time,

led the Children with wisdom.

Kelly and Paul drew closer,

drinking wine and discussing Sartre,
arguing Anarchism vs. Utopian Communism,
and laughing at the speeches of
Spiro Agnew.

Nixon and Agnew in '72.
Re-elect the President.

Don't Trust Tricky Dick.
Would You Buy A Used Car From This Man?
Kelly and Paul were happy when
Senator George McGovern ("The Dove
spoke out on Vietnam:

"l'm fed up with old men
dreaming up.wars,for young men to die in."

Dialogues late in the night:
"What of the Proletariat? Can they create

a culture when the means of production/communication
are.controlled by the upper classes?"

"The red rose of revolution blooms on the fertile soil."
"Purity falls from Lenin to Mao to Che to
Ho Chin Mo."


"There is no purity. It is

dangerous to think that way.

Purity gives you Hitler and the

need for impure enemies."

"Let people hold power through democracy, not ruled by a
Chairman."

"Power in proportion to ego. At most, one hundred petty
egos run a state."

"Money is value — change the value system, shift the world."
"It's 4 AM, more coffee?"

"Ghandi — humanity can produce some good."

"Love the Earth,' Zarathustra said."

Giddish 4 AM laughter.

"People must have a testimony

to the cruelty they inflict on

each other. Freud said, ‘Man

is a wolf to Man,' but no wolf

would treat his fellows the way

humanity treats its own."

They also pierced the Garou legends.

"Were we pups sheltered by Mother Gaia and
the World Tree, or Silvér Fang

who wised up, wanted a balance?"

They saw Neil Armstrong on the moon,
followed by others.

"It would be great if he were Kinfolk."
Nixon meets Mao. Nixon and Mao in '72.
Ginsberg's "Howl" always brought them

a laugh. So did old Universal horror films of
Lon Chaney, Jr. :

Each day brought forth new revelations,
and the music of generation revolution
moved through them,

rattled through all things.

102 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

ANF LA A PD

=

LEP. Ps Ts TER

They both laughed when the oid Finnish Garou Risto showed up, telling them they waited.

the tale of Avar's Sermon
for the umpteenth time
while they drank cheap beer in St. Paul.

"You're preaching to the converted," Paul said.

"I know, but you guys always buy a drink
for a friend, goddamn."

d0d8

For years, the area around Upper Red Lake
had been contested between

the Get of Fenris and the Red Talons.
Bloody skirmishes had taken place
twice in the early Sixties.

Tensions rose again.

Heinrich Strong Jaw, Jarl of the Get,
sent word to the Children of Gaia

to mediate the quarrel.

"He's always been an untrusty bastard,"
Kelly said to Paul.

"He refused to partake in the Pentex
venture unless he led it."

She thought about this.

Later, Red Tail from the Talons arrived.
She had heard her grandfather speak
about him frequently, .

an angry wolf resentful of the other tribes.
Still, peace was the goal

her people believed in.

They agreed in council to mediate.

Kelly and Paul lead the Children to

the ancient caern of the vanished Croatan,
now claimed by the Get of Fenris.

Here beneath the November moon

before the ancient Indian gathering site,

NN

The Red Talons came, fifteen strong,
slinking in with the night.

Their territory was in the woods outside.
They sniffed warily at the visitors before assuming
Crinos and human form.

The Get of Fenris arrived, proud,
twenty warriors before their Jarl
Heinrich.

Kelly Still Waters arose,

"Mother Gaia, we come to make peace
between two tribes of your children.

Let our efforts meet

with your bountiful blessings."

Henrich laughed, alone and awful.
Then the nightmare began.

In silent unison, the Red Talons and
Get of Fenris fell on the

Children of Gaia with battle and death.
Kelly stood up in human form

and yelled,

"What is this? You stain

the memory of your ancestors

and our common Mother?"

The fighting completely halted.
There was deep silence,

save far off a lone owl hooted.

All eyes fell upon her.

Henrich laughed again,

"Are you afraid of her,

of her words? She speaks peace

but increases her numbers

in the north

while the Talons and Get decrease.

Kelly Still Waters of the Children of Gaia

Cn my


LN

Cowards. I shall deal with her."

He leapt at her. Kelly changed form,
met the killing attack, rolling and biting
her foe.

He tore deep into her throat and stomach,
and she felt intense pain.
-.She called on her Mother.
Her talons dug deep into his neck
as her prayer was answered.
She became briefly surrounded
_ bya halo of light and fire.
Heinrich was blinded,
‘then his life perished as she
snapped his neck with fingers of fire.

When their Jarl's body fell,

the Get fell into a rage. The Talons

joined, and battle was resumed.

The Children fell back fighting,

pursued by the Red Talons

and Get of Fenris.

Paul fell before three Red Talons.

A white hate swept over Still Waters' face.
She leapt into the thick of their foes.

She left a trail of blood,

but all fell back before her fury.

She lifted her friend with little effort,
carrying him through the night of hell.
She struck off alone

as snow began to fall.

No one followed her.

She placed Paul down on a pile of leaves.

"Forgive them," she said, and she kissed NN
him one last time.

A brief smile flickered across her face,
memorial to her friend.

"I must save them. We will get you later.
Think of me," she whispered and was gone.

The Children were surrounded on a hilltop.

The snow fell harder, and their enemies attacked.
They were losing too many, their leaders were gone.
Some had escaped in the confusion of that night.
Julie Star Laughter thought the remainder would all
die within the hour.

Kelly held her stomach. Her ears heard a sound.
"Late again. Goddamn."

"Risto!" she shouted, and the old Finn and
Robert , Paavo her grandfather, and six more
Garou, Fianna and Children, came to her.
"Back there, the others," she panted,

pointing east. "And Paul, get Paul."

The newcomers rushed into the backs of

the Talons and Get, led by Kelly.

Then Robert set fire to the old wood

to divert their foes

while the Children scattered into

the night. This saved them.

Kelly told Risto where to get Paul,

organized the escape, then moved to go herself.
The fire spread, engulfing trees

and leaves, carried by swift winds.

Fearful yapping, off in the woods
fearful yapping, and under
a burning log she found

a litter of Red Talon pups,

no mother or father near.

Staring at them, her pain melted away,
and the odd awareness of her childhood
pups. "Here," she said.

returned:

Every living thing is sacred, infused with
the dance of life, and love spilled out of
her ifito-the universe.

She tossed the log off them, picked up the pups,
then walked with great purpose towards the
Red Talons.and Get of Fenris.

They saw her, fur smoldering,

walk alone out of the inferno,

Then she fell onto the cold earth, dead.
The Talons and Get stared long at the

then approach Red Tail and hand him the
body, not daring to touch her.

When Paul recovered, hé did not press vengeance.
"No, Kelly would not want that," he said.

The Red Talons and Get did not renew

their attack, and-Red'Tail held her name

in honor after that.

Quiet peace-fell on the north,

Kelly's legacy.

Our age will crack, a great stained glass in a church
shattered, splintered, a thousand illuminated pieces, and out
of the ruined streets of a dying civilization, new heroes and
saints will show us how to begin living again.

Kelly Still Waters of the Children of Gaia 105

by Ryn Ap Bleidd, Fianna Galliard, with commentary by Greid Powell (Kinfolk)

The poetry presented in this book belongs to the tradition of epic poetry, which tells
about the deeds of warriors or heroes. In human poetry, epics are broken down into two
categories: (a) primary, which is generally oral and from a primitive culture, and (b)
secondary, which is literary. Garou poetry does not break down into these categories,
being closer to primary epic. The events happened. In human terms, The Iliad and Beow
would be considered primary (oral first with some grain of truth in them), and V.igéit's
Aeneid would be secondary (a literary device by the Roman poet produced
Caesar Augustus, with no oral history).

Indeed, while Garou oral poetry covers more than the deeds of the heroes of thy
it is the heroes which take the central place in Garou poetry. There do exist ag

about love, the hunt, the pack and sept, heroic doings of the pack an
any subject can fit into the category. Anyone may craft one, and the

and old members of the pack are constantly recording their ex
a subject for another study.

Being an old Galliard myself, I am often asked advice by your
record your feelings and thoughts as honestly as possible. Al poétry is open to you as a
guideline, and there is no one form to stick to, although sone of the more conservative
tribes prefer the older forms. While the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers can be quite
experimental in their poetry to say the least, Get of Fenris and the Red Talons tend to be
very traditional. It varies.

106 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

A ATS A AP BD

Before we begin with the commentary on the poems, I shall attempt to address, briefly, |
the origins of Garou poetry. Was there an original Garou epic created before the tribes
split? Garou scholars (we happy few) have been in search of the Ur-Garou Epic for many
years, and.anexhas come to light, found during vast travels through the Umbra and

stral spirits. | hope to recover it in its entirety soon. To this end | have

Talons sing in wolf howls. Several packs will station
ten mile radius and begin the howling and counter-howling,

sotitain great amounts of information about the pack, such as strength, territory,
emotional state, sex ratio, their welcomes and challenges. This was, and still is, the pure |

wolf poetry practiced by the Red Talons. Other tribes also sing this way. It is just that the
Talons, of all the tribés, are closest to lupine nature and affirm this practice the most often
in. their daily existence. ~

vhere, however, the nature of these songs changed from pure wolf songs when

unication skills of humanity arose. The first Garou, no doubt, began the

singing their history around the fires. One theory holds that the early

humans not tole fire from the shape-changers, but the oral tale as well. There may

have been considerable cross-pollination between the early hunter-gatherer cultures and

Garou society. ~
It is without a doubt that the earliest Garou maintained a unity of culture that was more

resilient to change than Garou culture today. These early Garou are called the Proto-


Garou, or Ur-Garou by scholars, and they seem to have first fragmented when certain
tribes followed the human-animal migrations into Asia and North America via the
Bering Strait in the Pleistocene, and further split over the philosophical issues which
occurred towards the end of the Impergium. Each tribe that formed had the task of
creating, and then preserving, its own identity. Hence the cultural need of the epic poems
which follow.

Commentary: Many Garou tend to look nostalgically at these Ur-Garou as possessing
asort of pre-Edenic purity. This isa dangerous trap. We cannot reclaim the world and lives
of our ancestors, but must prepare for what is coming. Mr. Bleidd, while tending to
romanticize these noble closer-to-Gaia ancestors, did not fall into the error of looking
backwards with regret. He fell a little too heavily into scholarship, however, and the Ur-
Garou Epic obsessed him. Ryn himself was a conservative bard, although he did allow for
slight modifications in his poetry. He was at heart a scholar, collecting the old tales and
epics.

Klaital's Journey

The oldest of the poems presented, "Klaital's Journey" has survived by coded messages
since Klaital broke from the Impergium, well before the rising of the Mesopotamian
civilizations (some conjecture that this wassas far back as 9,000 years ago!). The original
was not a poem, but a series of coded messages Klaital left for any who would follow his
path, undoubtedly a philosophical speculagive game akin to the Glass Bead Game from
the Herman Hesse novel of that title. The decoding of the message allowed for loose
translation from varying symbols ¢nto ph onstructs, the meaning of which is
always i in flux, a sort of Garou I-C

bt to John Campbell, who revealed
but survived via cultural transmission

tradition in which it is ree
To the eyes and ears of ¢
Mohammed, Jesus, Aristotleset al. (p:
Klaital's journey). Instead there e
resembling the teachings of the fater phi
a dual effect: it appears very contemporar
from now, the same poem may express the
the personages. It is easy to speculate that |
The poem is an ever-changing mirror whié
Klaital did no doubt explore the philosophical and religious teachings of his time, and
portions of the poem (especially the central journey, like the Buddha's vision under the
tree or Christ's temptation by Satan in the desert) are no doubt recorded from personal
experience. Young Stargazers repeat the footsteps of their master to this day, a sort of
pilgrimage going through Africa to the Antarctic. Lively debate about which was his most
likely route continues. A few maintain that he went to the South Pole via India, and here

no historically show up centuries after
Dts, perhips symbolically expressed in terms
hers andreligious founders. The poem has
ile being very ancient. Two thousand years
ame meaning while changing the names of
stida or Ghandi may replace earlier names.
reflects the present as well as the past.

Notes on Epic Poetry

AR RT Sn a ER ED

and there an exasperated Stargazer elder will point out that Klaital never went anywhere,
but that he did have to travel far to reach his goal. Just the sort of elusive answer one might
expect. I might add that the poem does have a melancholy feel: the wolf identity is
forsaken to follow the path of the star, a individualization process not much understood
by other Garou.

Tradition maintains that the original message was passed by Klaital himself toa Silent
Strider (a tribe which had broken from the Impergium teachings). Later, when others had
followed Klaital's path, the symbolic tale was passed over to them. A contrary tradition
maintains that Klaital left the message in a sacred area where he foresaw that other like-
minded Garou would discover it. This version has a Nabokov influence from his poem
and novel Pale Fire.

The Exodus of Shu Horus and the Silent Striders

This poem deals with history so ancient that we are entering vast areas of speculation.
A Silent Strider, Katib Abd el Asad, maintains that it is true, that the exile from Egypt
happened in the way portrayed in the poem, in war with Set. An old Egyptologist, a most
fascinating man, stated to me that the poem had some elements correct, but there was
only one Set, and the battle between Osiris and Set lasted over many centuries. The man
gave me the information on condition I not reveal his name. That he is not generally more
known I find astounding. His knowledge of the ancient world, and Egypt in particular, is
voluminous.

The identity of Set remains problematical. Here we are entering vampire lore, a field
which I have no interest in pursuing. Garou scholars should beware: that road leads down
strange and | gontradictory paths. At any rate, Set t sgpms to bea member of an ancient

Book of Genesis as the son of Adam and Eve who slew his brother Abel and was marked
by God. The Garou have long known that the vampiric disease originated in the Middle
East, so there is perhaps a grain of truth in calling the eldest vampire Cain, although I
think that Cain most likely refers to a powerful clan or nomadic nation on which the first
vampiric plague fell. Here vampiric and Hebrew-Christian teachings oddly unite. The
Book of Nod is mentioned, Nod being the land to which Cain was exiled, adding more
speculation. From what little I know, the book is legendary or was compiled in later ages
and lost. It probably was composed of vampire traditions, attempting to present vampires
as a favored people.

The events in this tale date back roughly to 1880 B.C., or even further back, and are
thought to have taken place in the reign of the Pharoah Senwosret III. Although Set was
victorious in driving the Silent Striders out of Egypt, the priesthood and cult of Osiris
remained strong. This is an Exodus which occurred at least a century before the Semetic
peoples were allowed into Egypt to escape famine.

107

~—y

OL Ps ET Li, iim /,

7 a

Shu Horus is a Moses figure. He learned much from Egypt in his esoteric studies and
passed the knowledge on to his people. The Striders maintain that they used to aid the
Egyptian souls on their departure to the other world and that much of their knowledge
of esoteric pathways comes down from this time. They reveal little else. The figures in this
tale all have the names of ancient Egyptian deities, although Isis is depicted alone as such.
Many Striders to this day bear the names of the gods and goddesses of Egypt.

Commentary: Ryn warns of the perils of studying too much vampire lore, yet that is
what he has done here. The name of Shu Horus does crop up in strange places. In the 9th
century work of Abn al Hakim ben Aswad, the Jumanah (composed originally in Arabic
and converted to court Persian), there is the cryptic line: "Can you walk the hidden mile?-
Where Shu Hotus left the Nile?-and spoke with old gods dark and vile? Dark dog blessed
by Isis's guile." The Silent Striders have often been misunderstood as to their origins and
intent.

Leukippes of the Black Furies

The events in the poem, as can best be determined, take place about 650 B.C., in
between those long centuries after Homer but before Thales. It is the best-preserved of
the ancient epics recorded here. It was cast into song before the death of Leukippes. A
century later, the Glass Walker Philpol orinth recorded it. The written parchment
found its way to Alexandria in the first B.C., where it and what few other written
matters of Garou lore there were under.t! tection of Kinfolk who worked the archives
and museums. Removed in the ..D., it was discovered to be still orally
remembered word-for-word by mselves.

, afew questions may arise. Who were
n who had joined with the followers
he dying and reborn vine. Did
> legends of the Amazons were
n Herodotus) may have guessed,
) hing at such. The Amazons were recorded in

For those who know some
the Bacchites? They are no dat
of Dionysus. Bacchus w
the Greeks know that th
found throughout Greece,
for they record the oral traditio
Greek tradition from Homer on. ~

A last item of general interest sh
as it is now in the world. Kamisos, t

be pointed out. The Wyrm was not as strong then
riest of Apollo, must have been blessed by a dark
vision. Some believe Kamisos was Kinfolk, while others maintain that he was a mage who
studied in Babylon and Egypt, as hé mentioned. He held ideas ahead of his time, ideas
which were anathema to the Black Furies. It was almost a holy duty for them to destroy
him.

Commentary: The struggle against Apollo is but an early struggle against the rising
male power in the heavens. The ancient trinity of the Goddess had been replaced in
Greek mythology by the male trinity of Zeus-Poseidon-Hades. The goddess is still present
(especially in the form of the Three Fates), but losing ground culturally. Long before the
monotheistic religions sought out heretics in the forms of witches, the battle lines were
being drawn. Leukippes had the honor of being an early heroine in the centuries-long
struggle.

Oisin Mac Gaelach of the Fianna

This is a poem about poetic contests. In human cultures, we can trace these back to
the Athenian contests. The Fianna take these seriously, since they are the greatest bards
of the Garou. In past times, the Fair Folk, ore numerous on the earth
than now. Both Oisin and Aneirin wer. im Indeed, Oisin was beloved
by Siofra Finn of the Tuatha de Dan ve always been close links between the
Fair Folk and the Fianna.

" Anestimated guess as to whe
when the Roman power in the
posed by the two bards in their
are the ones where Oisin begi
invasions of Ireland. The fiv
singer's identity. It might be ac
composed "The Gododin", bu'
been an established fact. Was he Kig
he was. Neither of the Aneirins w
Out of pride, the Fianna mai

place would place it about 407-14 A.D.
B. There e ate answers to every question
five which will be revealed here
pitality..." These refer to the five
s who successively invaded aid in establishing the
that there was a Celtic poet named Aneirin who
was later, after the Saxon invasion of England had
#folk, related to the earlier Aneirin? Tradition states
er than Taliesin, the master poet of Celtic verse.
was either Garou or Kinfolk.

The Welsh werewolve: is poem, went by the name "Dryn a drowyd
yn flaidd," although t na. Why their name was different is open
to speculation, but a fe es: 1) Britain had been under Roman rule,
and the people of Brita iselves citizens of a world-spanning empire,
maintained different fo! in their eyes) cruder Celtic relatives beyond

the Irish Sea. 2) The Fian: ry exclusive warrior society founded to protect
Ireland's five kingdoms. Just bec one shared the larger Celtic and Garou heritage did
not admit one to its ranks. 3) A sort of rivalry between the British and Irish Garou. At
any rate, when the Black Spiral Dancer and Anglo-Saxon Fenris attacks began in earnest,
the name Fianna was adopted by all the Celtic Garou to stress unity.

The faerie mound Siofra took Oisin into is in Wales and known to the master bards
of the Fianna. Its location is a well-guarded secret. Those who have traveled farthest into
the Umbra and those who have had contact with the vanished Fair Ones maintain Oisin
still lives and is harping still.

Commentary: Ryn himself knew what it was like to hold the highest Fianna title for
poetry and be defeated, in his case by young Cahir Faolan, now recognized as one of the
greatest Fianna bards of this century. Ryn took it well, having held the title for two years
before Cahir.

Mockmaw of the Black Spiral Dancers

This poem was not sung or written by the Black Spiral Dancers, but serves as a "bogey
man" poem of fright for the other thirteen tribes. Prejudices against the Dancers can be
found throughout. We can assume that the listening audience felt relief when Mockmaw
was devoured at the poem's end. The sentiment goes something like this: "See, they are
stupid. They worship a force which devours them." In actuality, Dancer theology can be
extremely complex. :

108 Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

ARF eR A AS LA A BPD

——\

|
|


Certain knowledge from this poem can be gleaned. It was originally told (ca. 800?) in
Wales and Ireland by the Fianna. The Black Spiral Dancers were, in origin, the White
Howlers, who dwelt amidst the Pict tribes beyond the Roman Wall in present-day
Scotland. They shared some Celtic blood with the Fianna and were allies, although some
maintain the Picts were present in the British Isles before-the Celts crossed over. When
the Howlers embraced the Wyrm, the Fianna took it hard. Th Fianna and the invading
Fenris were the first tribes to do constant battle with the Dancers.

Was there then a historic Mockmaw? Yes, althau

‘he plunged into the
ierge leader, but the
pickof heroes. In Old
pir Wulf begeotan...
ettled with the Danesdin England.
helps, since the
ue we can place in
ote it, and a later one as
this was a Viking

tongue changed by 1
England from foughly
is thought, we Gan place i

federate Rebel Yell, it ‘has to be heard. I was
fore made my escape. I will

battle and will never forget it. "Like the € ifec
lucky to survive the battle but wa: aptured for twe
not write their war chant d re

Commentary: Here Ry: =
intricate or beautiful, but-vile and an abomifiation. Has Ryn crossed the line? He did not
mention, as he did to me rivate, that when he was captured he had the fortune (or
misfortune) to have as a capter the Black Spiral Dancer scholar Writlish. The two talked
for two days while Ryn's oth were killed, two days that both used to pump the
other for information. They w dark mirrors staring into each other, and Ryn
discovered that many of the problems searching for the origins of Garou poetry were also
plaguing Writlish. They formed a comradeship which went beyond the wars of the Wyrm
and Wyld, talking as one scholar to another. Garou scholarship is so rare that it was
welcome company for both of them. At the end of two days, Writlish released Ryn. They
amicably agreed to share information on the origin question when possible. Does this
make Ryn Wyrm-tainted? I will suffer the wrath of many when I say no, but] will caution
that Ryn is dangerous. Inflamed by the origin question, he has dropped all other
considerations.

Notes on Epic Poetry

Gunnar's Saga

Gunnar Skollson was the strongest of the Fenris Garou, maybe the strongest of all
Garou. Tales of him lifting ancient pines out of the ground are not exaggerated. We can
safely place this poem in the years of Harold Thickhair's rise to kingship over all the
Norwegians. Some have placed the action of the poem in the year 910 A.D.

The poem itself, if we take Viking poetry into account, seems to be more Scaldic than
Eddaic. Scaldic poetry was usually composed by an individual skald, or poet, and dealt
with an individual prince or hero. Eddaic verse usually deals with mythological subjects
and is simpler in construct. The rules for Scaldic poetry could be quite formal. This poem
was created by Steinolf Ottarson late in Gunnar's life; w8 of the Fenris, but he
was with an outlaw band defeated by Gunnar... saved his life by a "head redemption"
poem, used in Norse cultureby poets attempting toavoid the axe. It worked. It should be
noted that the poem,igiiot a formal Viking poem but a Fenris poem with Norse elements.
It is too informal ta! for there is no s

The figure of Starkath is not without predecessors in the Ni
Grendel from Beowulf and Glam from Grettis i ag
seemed to have a long tradition of fighting un night monster$*That Beowulf was of
the Fenris there is no doubt. Many Norse heroes had the power of the skin-change, and
the Fenris tell fond tales of them. A full list would read like a Who's Who of Norse heroes
and mythology. Starkath resembles Glam and Grendel in that he is the destroyer of life,
and as such, Gunnar becom agent of life: fierce, strong, drawing power from the earth
and the fates.

It should be remarked thatBen rs did frequent the Fenris raiding ships as allies.
This unique alliance of the two tribes lasted until the end of the Viking era. It may be that
the Bone Gnawers had knowledge of southern cities and defenses that were useful.

thern culture. Both
an Norse heroes

Gunnar'ssaga in its entirety is quite long, but it is one every Fenris knows by heart, from
Gunnar's slaying of his kinsman Thorkil to his exile. He traveled the known world with
Danedog and his fighters, even defeating a dragon on the shores of the Black Sea. He had
direct descendants but his line seems to have died out when Urulf the Unready battled
the Silver Fang for control of Muscovy sometime around 1250. There are those who claim
descent from him today. ,

Ol? Red Eagle's Quest of Cleansing

The Navajo and Apache are thought to have entered the Southwest about 1000 A.D.
This poem should be placed in the broadest interpretive scope possible as it is the hardest
Garou poem to date. It takes place long before the Europeans came to the American
continents, called by some of the natives Turtle Island (perhaps named after the lost
Croatan's totem!).

The Uktena did keep their heroes alive through oral tradition, song and ceremony.
Old Red Eagle was a high hero to them, not as grand as Dancing Star or Ahroun
Grimscowl Bisonbreath, but more approachable. His life was taught as a lesson, his
sayings repeated, his shamanistic methods copied or discussed seriously by Uktena elders
on the ceremonial occasions they would meet. It is known that in his youth Old Red Eagle

pene me nr a


followed Bisonbreath in his quest against the Banes. Some time after that he began
practicing the "Sideways Magic" and went off by himself in isolation. Some say he became
a Wyld Chyld. Others maintain that the path Wé:took had no name.

lesophy of "Sideways Magic". One
concentration, making everyday
e power. By breaking lazy patterns
agicaktraditions bear this out. Old Red

inexplicable to the students until one

It is interesting to speculate on his mag
Uktena stated that it is just
motions into special rituals i
of behavior, one is forced to'con
Eagle is akin to the Zen master w
understands. The western, tradi
their trickster Ge

There is a Croatan in the poem. T
Native American tribe who sacrificed
before the Europeans arrived. Much:
they are also the cause of the rift b
Uktena partially responsible for th
Eagle may have been involved in
Croatan. :

Wendigo in particular holding the
: Brother. Legends state that Old Red
strous undertaking of the Uktena to aid the

Today, the Native American India ure is under assault by the larger forces of
Amer-European cultural hegemony. This poem, which is remembered and given oral life,
is an Uktena method of preserving a portion of their culture and history (very different
from Western History with its sense of Manifest Destiny). By preserving the past, the
Uktena hope in some way to shape the future, hence their work with other indigenous
peoples around the world.

Commentary: Ryn was interested in the Uktena Skywalkers, those explorers of the
Deep Umbra. Ryn himself traveled to the Tribal Homes and beyond in search of the Ur-
Garou Epic.

Yuri and Sophia Coarivich of the Silver Fang

The days of the Silver Fang's glory were in Russia. Despite challenges from the Glass
Walkers, Shadow Lords and Get of Fenris, they managed, through their bravery, nobility
and cunning, to hold control over that land, even after the disastrous Mongol i invasions

obtained.

Yuri and Sophia wete twins, both gifted with the Garou ability. In his youth, Yuri
became King of his protectorate. He was an Alpha, but all remarked that he did not rule
by force or fear, but by example. Others willingly followed him. Sophia was ever by his
side. Together they were unbeatable. Sophia pointed out to him the incursions of the

110

Wyrm into Russia, and Yuri pondered long on what had to be done. He finally gave his
Kingship over and formed a pack which would defend all of Russia from the Wyrm. It was
a bold move, breaking with tradition, but ensuring by his example a following of brave
Silver Fangs. They became the ideal, like the human court of Camelot, seeking to use
their strength only against evil. Yuri and Sophia were Prince and Princess, their followers
were the Valerick, the Brave. Their esteem in the eyes of all Silver Fang grew, even though
they had brazenly broken with conservative tradition. The events in this poem take place

_in the year 1240.

The poem itself has elements of Russian folk poetry, and a copy of Roberta Reeder's
excellent translation of Russian folk lyrics can point to the sources of some of these. The
poem also has a mixture of Golgoliana (the school of fiction the West calls "magical
realism," but in Russia begins with Gogol's folk tales through the works of Bulgakov and
Aksyonov). Yet the greatest influence seems to be Russian Silver Age poetry, especially
Aleksandr Blok and Vladimir Mayakovsky. It was in the Silver Age that this traditional
Silver Fang poem achieved its final form, just prior to World War I.

The Bone Gnawer's Tale: Jack Debiltongue

Of all the Garou, Bone Gnawers are the most experimental poetically. Their street
poetry is usually ahead of its time, and there are few rules. The Gnawers were the first
Garou to unknowingly embrace the Post Modern era. They had a finger in American jazz
and the Beat movement of the Fifties. If you are in San Francisco, you may be challenged
to poetry contests in Golden Gate Park, by Bangos, the resident Bone Gnawer leader.
These can go on for hours, with dru ; ng their own verse. He
is a sort of poetic Socrates in the ma pxethe most modern of
Bone Gnawer storytellers s, know by heart
Jack Debiltong

Written down,pro!
although chronicling'

ard II of England,
r of the Scots), this
dak Debiltongue. The
Bone Gnawers had risen to a position of power er a bloody defeat of the
resident Glass Walkers by the Get of Fenris during the previous reign. London remained
in Bone Gnawer hands until the defeat of the Yorkist Kings in 1485. Probably no Bone
Gnawer before had commanded the power of Jack Debiltongue. Even today, the city
wolves look back with pride on one of their own.

Basically, Jack did four things of importance to the Bone Gnawers, as represented in
this poem. 1.) He made a deal with the civil authority (King Edward I) to leave his people
alone by providing the civil authority with valuable information. This was necessary for
survival and increased his standing with other tribes. Corbet was a real man with a brutal
job. It should be noted that Bone Gnawers always have great intelligence networks. 2.)
He avenged the poor by destroying their harassers, thus reinforcing the ideal that the
Bone Gnawers are the protectors of the down and out. 3.) He pulled the rug out from the
Silver Fang, thus equalizing the tribes despite all the haughty claims the Silver Fang make.
The Bone Gnawers, being the most democratic and proleletarian tribe, delight in turning
the tables on those who style themselves their betters. Through insult, trickery and able

aa

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

A RA RAD

POLL PS LT ST TC ET TC T

7 fA

war planning, Jack equalized the high and mighty bastards. The Russian theorist M. M.
Bakhtin suggested that modern language was produced by the common people mimicking
and mocking the language of the upper classes, breaking their privileged discourse by the
leveling force of laughter. This is exactly what the Bone Gnawers do here. 4.) Jack proved
himself the strategist and destroyer of the Black Spiral Dancers, and especially Drededoom
their leader. This brought him honor from all the tribes as a proven hero against the
Wyrm.

Jack Debiltongue was real. The Silver Fang records attest to it, ancestral memory does,
and so does this poem. The only part open to question is if he did look into the Wyrm Pit
and come back sane. It is more likely he betrayed Drededoom some distance from his
power base.

Commentary: Why not? If Ryn can survive capture by the Black Spiral Dancers and
return all right, why not Jack Debiltongue, blessed by Saint Rat, his guardian spirit? The
chances of Jack returning sane may be odd, but come now. Any Garou who has
experienced the world has more than a few odd tales to tell. On a historical note, the Bone
Gnawers remained a force, although not as powerful as before, through Tudor England
up to the time of the English Civil War, which was a sad time for the Garou in England.

Shogecka Hunter Moon of the Wendigo

This song has been translated into English from the Shawnee tongue, and it losesmuch —

in the translation. Honiahaka Four Fingers proved very useful in the translation. He
himself is half-Cheyenn nee and full Garou, with full knowledge of their
traditions and | ries. Niabi Look oons Reflection, who is the great-great-
grandaueitets dd the first to have the wolf power in as many
-toldane? "It is never

dthe Americas with Uktena, or "Elder
". There was a balance between the three,
self, Younger Brother grew resentful towards

and when Middle
Elder Brother. It did not:
the brunt of the fighting. And not just against the Europeans, but the Garou who
accompanied them. At first the fighting was disorganized. There was no central leader to
direct a coordinated resistance, just brush-fire wars swiftly started and just as swiftly put

er sacrifice:

out again. But the Wendigo and their Native American Indian allies were pushed back _

a little each time.

Tecumseh was a central figure to the Wendigo as well as the Native Americans. He
led the resistance against the encroaching United States. His brother, Tenskwatawa the
Prophet, had a vision of a united Indian nation, and this vision was preached from the
Great Lakes to the southern Mississippi region. Not all Indians elected to follow their
banner. All Wendigo did. Tecumseh united their separate groups into a fierce fighting
unit. They had many leaders, but Shogecka rose as the one who directed their councils
and was closest to Tecumseh. The poem does not adequately express this. Her warriors
were loyal, bound to her by blood oath. Fear fell across any whom they battled.

when the Europeans landed, and the Wendigo bore .

Tecumseh's death was a major turning point for the Wendigo. They scattered. Some
elected to aid the Red Stick Creek and Seminole, some went west and became allied with
the Sioux, and a few went south and attempted alliance with the Uktena with some
success. But never again were they all allied and united under one leader. Shogecka
survived and went west, resisting to the end of her life. The Wendigo have a prophecy that
one day Tecumseh will rise again. Shogecka's name and reputation are held highest by
the Warpath camp of the Wendigo.

On a historical note, General Harrison later became the ninth President of the United
States but died a month after his inauguration on April 4, 1841. His defeat of Tecumseh
in the War of 1812 played a major part in the election. Some claim that he was the victim
of a Native American curse.

Honiahaka informed me that in longer versions of the poem there is a legend of Garou
origins from the Wendigo point of view. The shaman Hobashoge, "the first who howled
and talked," blended his form with the wolf. He had three sons, Uktena Spell Prowler,
Croatan Killing Flame and Wendigo Power Son, and he pointed the way to the Pure Land.
If this is correct, then a shaman used his power to blend man and wolf into a composite
hunter. There are many speculations on Garou origins. This one is curious in that it
correctly draws the correlation between shaman and wolf.

Ol? Wolf of the Woods

This is thought to be a recent song, although it is impossible to determine a correct
date. Scenter of Whispers was thought to be too lupine even for the Red Talons, but no
doubt this quality brought him to the attention of Old Wolf of the Woods. The legends
about Old Wolf of the Woods are timeless, going back to the earliest Red Talons. Some
of the other tribes make references to him in thei songs, but as the wolf stock
has grown thinner i in some Garou tribes, so has t Id Wolf of the Woods.
through their howling
et tribes, but Old Wolf
ell believes this tale
Wendigo in that region
Ithough they are vague
they ¢an provide.

takes place in Vancouver Province, C
who maintain that they aided Scents
+

Klairal, 1 shall soon be off in search of

i "ied, but | fear the knowledge Ryn Ap Bleidd has
learned may lead him dogn a paths. He must be stopped. He is not prepared to
plunge after the anciefit poemis until he has been thoroughly questioned and deemed
competent. I fear he may be 4 tool of the Black Spiral Dancers. Why did they let him go?
Are they using him for another purpose? Will he unwittingly lead them somewhere, some
sacred place in the Umbra or bring back some gift of power they shall take from him?

Notes on Epic Poetry iil

AR LAP ND

~~

y (mem ama mar emer ar ema /,

Alexandru ThunderRage of the Shadow Lords

This takes place either right before or during World War I. It is an odd piece,
reminiscent of the Waste Land poets of the Lost Generation. There have been legends
of such a city, which mirrors the soul of those entering it. Here Alexandru sought what

-he was looking for, thepoble ideal Wall I find the, Ur-poem in such a place?
Alexandru already w: ought for skills s whtich would increase his

leadership abilities. That tin doubt. Vampires were

: Were they not

fierce

ofthe Shadow
ows while hungering
there is a hint of truth

Commentary: M 2 thetnes of bravery in battle.
Alexandru's is diffé at it involves an interiorgtruggle. During the past two
centuries, many Garou tales have had to incorporate themes of change as the world has
pushed them to the edges. Now is a time of change, and those who cling too hard to the
old ways may become extinct. Alexandru's quest, as well as that of Kelly Still Waters of
the Children of Gaia, involve changing relationships with a changing world.

"Molasses Moon": Lone Wolf Lupo of the Glass
Walkers

As the Glass Walkers are different from all other tribes, so is their epic, which is,

rendered into a pulp-style short story rather than an epic poem. While this may offend
purists, it is typical of the Glass Walkes pathito embrace the new. It is worth noting that
the love of the city is expressed throughout, almost in Whitmanesque terms. That is, the
city is seen as a positive mysterious fG the forest of the future". Long ago in their
history, the Glass Walkers embraced ity of men and for doing so have been held in
suspicion by all the other tribes, wit exception of the Bone Gnawers.

The positive note about the city i
Transcendentalism, in which ex
Whitman took the spirit of Man
Walkers apply it to the city and te
Waves" manipulating techn

of Whitman's all-embracing Democratic
riated by the poet of democracy.
d applied it to the universe. The Glass
on before computers, we see "Radio

Lone Wolf Lupo was a visionary
surrounded by his "boys," and Opera
seems to relate to an earlier time
time operation in Chicago's Li
Luciano "Steam-Engine" Arrigo,
Wolf challenged him and sle
leader. He allied himself with

is very name is ironic, because he was always
zheventure criminal cartel very well. His title
Rabies and Radio Waves formed a small-
e then Glass Walker lord of the town,
ese independent activities. In 1918, Lone
her Glass Walkers took Lupo as their
e syndicate, seeing the rewards in

112

at the Inn were a dark

criminal unity. He was cautious, and his foes never knew what he was up to until his trap
had been set. His years as a major mover in the Chicago underworld lasted until the mid
1930's. He had faced down human and Garou rivals, but his major opponents (and
sometime allies) in the later years were the powerful vampires of the city. It cannot be
estimated how much money Lupo made, but it was surely in the millions.

Lupo did attempt to unite the Bone Gnawer and Glass Walker tribes. Not just in
Chicago, but in other cities as well, the two tribes found themselves in close working
associations. The Glass Walkers spoke up for them at inter-tribal councils. The two tribes
almost merged. The coming of the Great Depression shattered the dream, and the
alliance between the two tribes broke down. Not completely, however. There was still a
sense of the city which kept them in contact. Those Bone Gnawers who worked for Lupo
ended up quite rich and spoke well of him until the end of their lives.

It is hard to state with any accuracy what happened to Lone Wolf Lupo. Dark rumors
mention that he was done in by the vampires or a rival tribe. "That ain't true," an ancient

_ Rabies told the author some years ago. "He gave us some loot, handed over Chicago to

a successor, and split with his millions. Wonderful man. Mr. Lupo. I ever tell you he try
to unite the two tribes, us and the Walkers? He was fair but tough. He hated a dirty tie.
You wore a dirty tie, and he would give you such a tongue lashin', you'd wish you was never

born."

Kelly Still Waters

The Children do have ancient he
the Night are ancient heroes f
participants are still around.

; Timno R hes Eagles and Ilya Hope Through

For the first time in this c
today: the Wyrm-infected
breaching old hatreds. To thi
and took it, although it cost h¢
many other tribes have taken

Corporation and the need for tribal unity and
Kelly sacrificed herself. She saw the road of sacrifice
ife. The Children are generally peacemakers but.too

the song moved out there
place in a changing wo
paradigm, and th

the world after she'

very real. Does Ryn feel above
scholar and guessing the location

Commentary: The wars of lig
them now, having spoken with the Bla

of the Ur-epic? It is not the vision of Klaital, or the heroism of Kelly, but the ego of an |

old scholar desiring one last piece de resistance. I have spoken to others. The hunt is on.
In some small part of my soul, I envy Ryn, but then the reality of events floods over my
senses as the rising sun. What prayers of strength I have for the Garou hunters I keep to
myself. | am only Kinfolk and cannot follow. If only I had the strength and time.

Who's Who Among Werewolves: Garou Saga

AF a SL PN RP PD

_—=\

/ ann aimmmammmasy (/,

Confederate Necropolis of jraduated Magnus©um- bed bed ee
Richmond, Virginia. His art . Bawdy from Hellboar 4 TSR's Monstrous Manual ad a young age. Besides
has been seen in| game 2 _o@ Institute of Art and. - : and the world of " iustrations for
* products freth vai i _Theocrac) h ‘States that > = © Planescape. He draws A Werewolf, his art is also *
* companies. He has al: a his mo: every day in his townhouse featured in, Metallic
pentiled for Marvel Comics realization is that he P studio in Florida, where a Bliss by Silver Tongue,
; and he does storyboards ~ So Neen were rking 15 Ee } carousing pack of goblins 1 here he "pours
: and comps for a vertising ‘ months straight - and brownies'makes sure - - shades of his very soul
r oe in suits. e. ~ ar Say fo hallucinations." ‘, | his workisontime. \ on the page.

ph Gar
Oy 4

Rustin Quaide has been
ublished in White Wolf's
rums Around the Fire and

Dragonfly magazine ~

(poetry). He holds a master's

degree in Fantastic

Literature from George

Mason University and lives

near Washington D.C.

| Ih WT
LA
