# File: Get Of Fenris.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


< eons ‘ Siero T, YOU NAZI PIG...
fe ‘ "SS BUT I'M AL AMERICAN!

frony Ys
AMES MO

RT BY:
ON SPENCER

LE bepENLER

T CAN SMELL 'EM BOYS.Y
WE'RE REAL CLOSE NOW.

YOU KNOW IT, SARGE!
IT'S TIME_TO SHOW
THESE Waz/S WHAT IT }
MEANS TO BE i
GET OF FENRIS!

(ET's SHOW THESE)
(wz DOGS HOW REAL)

TRYING TO
WRN HIS

COWARDLY }

FRIENOS!

FOR GAIA, FENRIS AND COUNTRY! Kite THE NAZ/ COWARDS)

iy
|

:
|

\


= 5y
| BLUT-KRIEG! 60

\
{ THIS \S WHERE YOUVE

\ BEEN HIPING!

4 COORS IN THE WORLD TO HELP |

HITLER'S CROMES NOW! |

2. 7AKE 'EM COV, BOYS!

SOMETHING
STINKS OOWN
HERE! SMELLS LIKE
WYRM ANO
FEAR! LET'S GWE

B EM REASON TO BE

}
}
}

SARGE! LOOK OUT!
t IT MAY BE A TRAP!


VAMERIKANER SCHWEIN!

YOUVE BETRAYED THE GET
OF FENRIS! IF YOU WOULD

FIGHT FOR THE IMPURE
ONES, YOU ARE NO BETTER B® .
THAN THEY ARE!

ee

"% BETTER Fl WITH THE JEWS THAN
ut TRYING TO K/Lé OFF WHOLE RACES!
bh HOW CAN YOU CALL YOURSELF GET.

N YOU FIGHT ON THE

SIDE OF ADOLF AND ALS
WYRM-PATROLS!7?! |

ME WHEN YOU USE GAS

(ITLL TAKE MORE THAN SS

A FEW RATES/S TO KILL FR
US, BLUT-KRIEG! -

TRAITOROUS FIENO! WE'LL SHOW YO
WHAT IT AEANS TO BE GET!

Elté THE AMERICAN 006S, MY War
WOLVES! \N THE NAME OF HITLER, AZZ
THEM ALL/ FENRIS UBER ALLES!!

AG


-KRIEG! IT DOESN'T HAVE

IE THIS WAY! 7
SHOULD A/GH7 TOGETHER |
INST THE WYRM! /

| YOU'RE LOSING, BLUT-
KRIEG! FENRIS IS ON
OUR SIDE!


METIS VANTS TO FIGHT Waa
t I IEEAR CGH!
5 ee,

he = ce : ie - ae WHO YOU'RE

7a NIN CALLIN £/77ZE, FRIT:

4 But INSTEAD YOU TOOK THE

| WAY! THERE'S NO HONOR IN GE!
AGAINST DEFENSELESS PEASANE
= a

YOu SHOULD HAVE LISTENED
TO REASON, BLUT-KRIEG! _,
~~ . "



EAH, CORPORAL. WE i —__——

- YOU TELL HER THAT |..
QONT TRY TO US se LOVED HER,

Ee yr (KOFF KOFF-6nsi

YOU DIO REAL GOD KIO!

(SARGE,.. (KOFP)., y
f)) —\ 0-010 WE GET THEM? SaY (HEY, SARGE.

>? D/ (OFF KOFF)
b YOU LET MARY

(QL TELL HER ORE THAN THAT)

{ I'LL TELL HER YOU DIED A HERO,

\ YOU DIED LIKE A MAN.

YOU MAY ONLY HAVE BEEN A
Yi, | METIS, CORPORAL RUNT, BUT YOU
DIED THE BEST WAY POSSIBLE

YOU DIEO LIKE A
GET OF FENRIS!

Si


Of Axe and Claw

by James Moore
APE Le Ps ET PT Seenteeiemeny 7 /,

Credits

Written by: James Moore

Research assistance: Keith Winkler

Developed by: Bill Bridges

Editing: Laura Perkinson

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Comic book art: Ron Spencer

Art: SCAR Studios (Steve Carterand Antionette Ryder),
Ron Spencer

Layout, Typesetting and Cover: Aileen E, Miles

Back Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

2!

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White
WolfPublishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolfthe
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Fianna Tribebook,
Get of Fenris Tribebook, Glass Walkers Tribebook and
Litany of the Tribes are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Alll characters,
names, placesand textherein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference toany company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

|

Special Thanks

Oh Soon "Red Nosed" Shropshire for guiding White Wolf's
X-mas through the fog.

R. Christian "Not from aroundhere" Naberhause for his
foreign ways. 4
Keith "Paducah Fats" Winkler for wielding his stick.

Danny "Toy boy" Landers for his growing collection.

Brad "Lost cause" Butkovich for all his Civil War books.
Rebecca "Flame on!" Shaefer for her human torch hair.

Diane "Dominatrix" Zamojski for being naughty, not nice.

Mike "Whipping boy" Chaney for being the X-mas present
victimization poster child.

Louvie "UN peacekeeping force" Locklear for proudly
beating the flags of all nations at the X-mas party.

Jim "Designated driver" Souter for his remodeling skills.

Eric "The Red" Turnbow for being a Contender.

Sarah "Churchmouse" Timbrook as in "quiet as a..."

Author's Dedication

The author would like to thank Keith Winkler for all of
his assistance and enthusiasm, and Bill Bridges for making
certain I didn't step on too many toes. Thanks also to my j
wife, Bonnie "The Black Furies are superior to the Get"
Moore, for being a patient soul in an impatient world. Also
to my entire family, for being fabulous Get of Fenris role
models, though not quite as extreme.

This book is dedicated to the memory of Karl Edward
Wagner. You died too soon, sir. Take Asgard by storm!


Contents

Introduction: Sturm un? Dom (Storm and Doom)

Chapter One: Dre!

yrugr Spor (Bloody Pawprints)

The history of the'Get of Fenris

Chapter Cwo: Krieg Lagern( War. Camps)

The culture of the Get.of Fenris

Chapter Three: Ei

ne Welt fiir Mehran (A World for the Taking)

The Get of Fenris around the world

Appendix One: Seidar (Powers)

New Gifts, rites, fetishes, and totems

Appendix Two: Ju

Five ready-to-play character

ng Fenrir (Young Fenrir)

Appendix Three: Hamarar Fenrar (The Hammers of Fenris)

Famous Get of Fenris of the

EEA

past and present

Contents

BGPP hl 2S DiS Se ys

ai


A fighter is one who fights simply for the pleasure of fighting
A warrior is one who fights because he must.

—Japanese saying

The Saga of the Get of Fenris, eh pe
by GrikeWestfal -Wisetonigue-Speak:
Thith- Truth, Thunder of Mijolnir,
Skald of the Get of Fenris

Listen up, you morons! There's @ lot tofléarn, and gnly-a
short time left to learn it. There are other tribes of Garou,
and most of them think we're mad, that we fight simply for
the pleasure of feeling a foe's bones crack beneath our fists
Don't listen to their foolish drivel! They@on't understand
the glory and honor of being a Get of Fenris, nor do thé truly
comprehend Ragnarok. There are a few whoe6ime close —
the Black Furies, and even, Gaia help us all) the Children of
Gaia — but most of them are mewling kittens, waiting for
the Wyrm's teeth to come to them instead of reaching into
Jormangundr's mouth to pluck away his fangs.

Introduction: Sturm und Dom

ET TS Te: —

Let them belieV@as they will. Let them call us by any
ames they choose. They are weak. Their opinions are
useless, They haven't realized that we are all going to die,
that we are going to be buried in the stench of the Wyrm and
suffer pains unlike anything we could ever hope to escape.
Do not be afraid of death. Do not cower at the thought of
pain. Revel in these things! Live for the moment when we
can face the Wyrm in final combat and know that in our
dying, we will destroy the Great Devourer. Only then can
Gaia be at peace. Only then will the weaker Garou under-
stand all that we have done for them.



That was early in the beginning times, when the gods had not yet

created Midgard and built Valhalla.

—The Edda of Snorri Sturluson (trans. by Keith Winkler)

The Fimbul Winter — the Final Winter — comes. The
Fenris Winter is almost here. Learn your lessons well, know
the faces of your enemies and know their weaknesses. Know
the feel of fomori fangs in your flesh, and the touch of a
Leech's fangs in your throat. Know the mages for what they
are and how they can twist the world to do their bidding.
Seek your enemies and fight them well, for only in facing
your foes can you understand the truth about their lies.

Find combat where others would flee, and feel theRage burn
brightly, for the Fenris Winter will be cold, and you will need
your Rage to warm you. Learn the soft spots of the Wyrmlings
and be ready to use those secrets to your advantage, for the time
of the Final Winter is near. Some have seen it in the Spirit
World: their breath mists over in the coming cold. The proph-
ecies will be fulfilled. Great Fenris will be free, and with him we
will paint the world red with the blood of our enemies.

Che Distant Past

Where do we come from? We come from Germany, from
Scandinavia, from Iceland, and from a dozen other parts of
the world. The history of our roving is as much a part of our
heritage as anything the humans write about our Kinfolk in
their history books.

Chapter One: Dreyrugr Spor

nn

We werenot the first Garou, but wewill be the last. Somesay
that we are merely a branch that evolved from the Silver Fangs.
Few have said this to the face of any Getand lived to bragabout
the insult. We know better. Agesago, GreatFenriscreated usas
a favor to Gaia. Gaia was displeased by the humans who
slaughtered her wolf children, wearing their skins for warmth
and leaving the meat to rot or feed the carrion crows. The
humans rarely slaughtered the wolves for food or survival.
Instead, they killed for sport and to prove their paltry valor

Fenris called us his Get, and demanded that we serve as
Gaia's Claws, destroying the weak and feeding on the
corrupt. In those days, Fenris still roamed free and often led
his children in glorious bloody battles. From him, we learned
how best to cull the weak from the flocks of humans.
Humans fell before us, victims of the Impergium.

But we were both wolfand human. We learned many of the
ways of the Nordic people, those who were the strongest and
fiercest, those who resisted the Impergium well. We learned to
liveamong them, tofight with them, and we chose from them
the Kinfolk we deemed worthy. Does this sound arrogant to
you? Itshould, for we are the Get of Fenris and our destiny isto
kill Jormangundr in the time of Ragnarok.


From thefirst days, the Ahrounshave led us, fortheyare the
strongestand the most savage. There are many who feel thisis
wrong, that others should be allowed to lead the tribe. Isay to
youwhat hasalways been said to the whiners: Ifyoucan take the
leader down in honorable combat, than you can lead us.

The greatest heroes of Viking lore were actually Get of
Fenris. We have tolerated the dilution of the truth among the
humans only for the sake of the Concord. I can see it in your
eyes... you feel that the Concord was a mistake. Many agree
with you, but the decision was made before our time of power.

ButLamgettingahead of myself, The Get of Fenrishave been
around longereven than the Vikings. The talesare agreat deal
older than you might imagine. They go much farther back than
human archaeologists believe. They say the Norsemen werenot
really a cohesive people until 200 B.C., but this is wrong. We
kept the Weaver from our Kinfolk longer than most tribes
protected their flocks, and thus our people left no writing or
proof of their waysuntil later. Weare proud that weare thusable
tohide the oldest secrets from the human scientists.

We walked the earth and roamed the barren wastes of the
Northlands hundreds of years before the Iron Age. We have
changed a lot along the way. In those times, we were simply
called the Sons of the Wolf, or the Fenrir.

When our tribe arrived in the north, they discovered weak
humans. Ifthese humans were to be part of ourflocks, they had
tobe hardened. Thus we began our lessons. We taught them to
coat their hearts with ice, and let only the fires of their own
hearths mele i. For dangers lurked everywhere, and a weak
heart asked for death. Only among family and pack can one
relax. All othersare to be distrusted.

‘There wereafewGarouin the area, butthey were weak, like the
humans, and we destroyed them. No one is certain, but many
believe they were leftoversfrom thesocalled Pure Ones. Back in
thosedays, when the Northlands werestillin thegripofthelce Age,
the lands were harsh and food was hard tofind. The Garouin the
areahadevengivenuponhuntingproperly, andkepttheirherds
pennedin, destroyingthebalancethatGaiahadcreated. The Fenrir
took the ways of the local Garou as signs of the Wyrm, and
slaughtered many, drivingothersfarfrom the landswe hadclaimed
asourown. Some of the eldersin the tribesay there were White
Howlersamongthose wedroveaway.Morelikely, they were Fianna.
Ifthey were Howlers, then itisgood we wereridofthembeforethey
could corruptourchosen home.

The Demands
of Fenris

Now you're messing with a son of a bitch.
— Nazareth, "Hair of the Dog"

Not long after wesettled in the north, Fenris came to make
afew demands. He called for weapons made of metal, andso we
learned to smelt bronze. He demanded that we improve our
fightingskills, and, tokeep Fenrishappy, we did just that. There
was no one who could match us, but that did not matter. The
Wyrmstarted playingdirty around the same timeand, as Banes

andothercreaturesstarted reepingaround in the woods, we got
our first taste of the Wyrm's blood. Leeches lurked in the area,
fleeing from other parts of Europe, and we taught them that they
did notbelong here.

The Bronze Age was hard on the Fenrir, but that was to
be expected. Those who fell in battle were remembered in
song and poem, and great moots were held in their honor.
Those who died a coward's death were stricken from all of
our records, the oral and the rare written ones as well. There
is no place in the tribe for cowards. This much has not
changed since those ancient times.

Ourancestors followed Gaia'splan as well, cultivating forests
in areas that had been all but barren, making certain that the
Wyldhadachance to growstrong again after the Ice Age —the
punishment Gaia had to use to stave off the Wyrm's foul
advances. In those days the Weaver was almost unknown.

The faeries grew strong in the area, and we became friends
with some of them, and enemies with others. Around the
same time, we were getting familiar with iron we:
trick that the Dvergar — the Dwarves — taught us well. We
made bitter enemies among the Trolls and the Jotunn — the
Giants. Both groups felt they were better than us, more
qualified ro watch over the land and willing to smash our
Kinfolk in the process. Most of you already understand how
important our Kinfolk are these days. They were just as
important back then. So when the Jotun came in raids to
steal our women, we smashed them back down.

ons, a

j


In the Iron Age, we perfected our ways as the true warriors
of Gaia. Everything before that was just a game in compari-
son. The Wyrm's minions came in force, this time working
in unison, often ruled by Leeches. They brought iron of their
own, and silver as well. For a few centuries, it was uncertain
who would hold the land. But in the end, we held out, and
put the Wyrm in retreat. For a short time...

The Roman Invasions

The Romans tried to conquer our southern lands. We had
a Rotagar — a Ragabash — who ran around from place to
place, never staying where he belonged. He came to the aid
of Arminius when the Romans started getting nasty. There
was a tribe of humans, called the Cherusci, that the Rotagar
watched over. While they were good Kinfolk, both savage
and remorseless in combat, they had no Get with them at the
time the Romans came. They lived in the nasty, rough
terrain of the Teutoburg Forest.

Well, Publius Quinctillius Varus, a pompous general with
a snotty name, came to the area with three full legions under
his command, and got ready to march right over the people
in the area. When the New Moon learned of the attack, he
decided to give the people a little help.

He called on the leaders of the area septs and asked for any
pups in need of the Rite of Passage. He found seven total. The
pups were joined together in combat in order to help the
Cherusci. That was the first time a Rite of Passage among the
Get was a joint challenge instead of a solitary quest, but it
wouldn't be the last. None of the legions survived

Arminius pointed out to the seven rankless Garoua narrow
canyon through which the Roman soldiers had to pass in order
to reach his tribe's land: the perfect site for an ambush. The
human tribesmen, lining the wallsabove the canyon, watched
over the Get of Fenris as they met the approaching legions,
prepared to pick off the survivors of the pups' fury. The legends
say Arminius' tribe had only a few dozen to worry about.

The Fall

The Roman Empire fell hard because the Get of Fenris,
along with the Black Furies and the Fianna, brought the
Wyrm-ridden empire to its knees. A long series of battles
against the Romans unified our tribes for the first time in
centuries. We had found others who were enraged by the
foul, crushing weight of the Wyrm's personal army.

Isee I need to explain myself here; I can see the confusion
in your eyes. We have always been aware of the other tribes,
and we have been allied with some; but we seldom bothered
with the others in those distant times. We were busy estab-
lishing ourselves as a power in the Northlands. There were
Get in other parts of the world — in Russia and Gaul — but
they were emissaries, not leaders.

‘The Fianna and the Black Furies fought well, and fora time
Buttherelationship ended after wecrushed
the Wyrm's Empire, and the other tribes attempted to force

wewere close all

Chapter One: Dreyrugr Spor

ELT AY aaa aT if -

theirown beliefs upon us. We were toosetin our ways, and they
were toosetin theirs. There couldneverhavebeena long-time
alliance, for the other tribes refused toacknowledge our supe-
riority. We had too many problems tosettle in ourown lands to
teach them the error of their ways.

The End of
the Mythic Age

Just when things seemed their worst, the first of our tribe
to call himself a Get of Fenris came around to set things
right. He was favored by Fenris, there is no doubt about that.
When the Roman Legions were trying to force their way into
our lands, along with the Leeches and the Wyrmlings, a
brave Garou was chosen by Fenris to lead us in glorious
bloody combat.

He came from Denmark, bringing with him everlasting
honor and glory that are examples to us all. His full Garou
name was Get-of-Fenris-Slays-Grendel. In the human leg-
ends, he is known simply as Beowulf.

No one can say for certain what Grendel was, but the nasty
creatureserved the Wyrm and worked with the Leeches. Iteven
worked with mages, and supposedly could call upon thedead to
do its bidding. Some say Beowulfactually faced Grendel alone,
after his entire pack was ton apartby the Wyrmling. Others say
he wasthe only one tosurvive the battle against Grendel. Noone
knows forsure. Buthe did tear the monster apart, andkilled the
foul thing's mother, too. With Beowulf leading the way, there
was no doubt that our time had come.

It was in this time that the Fey fled their homes all over
the world. Only a few still remain. Do not harm them unless
they stink of the Wyrm. They were our allies once, and the
time will come when we shall join with them again.

The forces of Jormangundr were driven back, and the Get
learned tofight together in those times, learned to understand
the importance of military strategy and toappreciate the feel of
agood weapon inablood-stained paw. However, some Leeches
still remained deep in the woods; they are till there today. That
will change in time. They will soon know the fury of the Get,
and learn the meaning of fear.

Get-of-Fentis-Slays-Grendel's most importantaccomplish-
mentwas to drive the magesoutofthe Black Forest. There was
aplace of mage power in the Schwarawald, where they used the
blood of Kinfolk and Garou alike to hide their secrets and to
steal power from our kind. Beowulf learned of the Verbena
witches. He traveled to Germany from his native home in
Denmark. By that point, he was the leaderof both his pack and
the entire tribe. Beowulf ordered the witches to flee. They
scoffed at his threats, casting fires from thesky with the aim to
destroy him, He was grievously wounded, but this did not stop
him from callingthe Get toarmsand leading the battle to drive
the witches away from the Black Forest.

Many years later, Beowulf died ahero'sdeath. The humans
say he battled the Fire Dragon to save the Geats, his human
tribe. They are right. Get-of-Fentis-Slays-Grendel died tosave

17


the Fenrir from one of the Great Zmei, the Forgotten Dragon
Who is Nameless. The Silver Fang of Russia claim it was buta
baby that Beowulfkilled, but we know it was the greatest ofall
the Zmei yet, more powerful than the Silver Fang can imagine.
IfBeowulfhad norkilled the monster, it would have carved its
name actoss the world. But Beowulf was triumphant. The
creature was destroyed and its name with it, as our Godi had
bidden for reasons of their own.

To honor this greatest of heroes, the Fenrir changed the
name of their tribe to the Get of Fenris. When Get-of-Fenris-
Slays-Grendel died, the newly-named Get of Fenris found
themselves withouta leader, and so Great Fenris called upon
the Ahrouns to do battle. Each pack, each sept, selected a
champion from among their numbers. The combatants met
beneath a harvest moon, and all fought as asany
ever. When the struggle was finished, only one champion was
left standing. He earned the right to lead usall, and was called
Blood-Rage from that day forward. His Great-Grandson, Erik
Thorvaldson, called Eric the Red, later discovered Greenland,
and claimed it for the Get of Fenris.

The Viking Era
(750-1050 AD)

When the Vikingscame into power, we were there with them.
The other tribesignored the GetofFenrisupuntil hatpoint, butno
longer would webe treatedasa lesser tribe. Onceagain, Fenrismade
himselfknown tous. Hedemanded that we begin cullingthe weak
ofotherlands, for the other tribeshad become lax in thispurpose. By
then, the Get werephysically superiortomostother Garou: wewere
stronger, andourlifein thenorthhadpreparedustosurviveeventhe
harshestlivingconditions.

We moved into all parts of Europe, testing the strength of
other Garou, slaying those too weak to hold their caerns, and
celebrating with the ones who matched us in ferocity. We
traveled with our Viking Kinfolk, using their raids to cover
our own retributions, Meanwhile, we culled the weak from
the lands we raided

Leif Eriksson, son of Eric the Red, went as far as America
in those times. Many claim he was lost, and landed there by
mistake, but the Ger know better. Leif knew where America
was because a Kinfolk of his, Bjarni Herjolfsson, had actually
gotten lost, and had come upon this land of the "Pure Ones."
The Pure Ones took offense to the Kinfolk of the Get, and
chased them away.

Leif took the insult personally, as all good Get are of-
fended by attacks against their Kinfolk. Fenris had de-

manded that we cull the weak from all the lands, and so
Leif took this opportunity to challenge the naive Native
Americans. Leif and his pack swept into the Pure Lands.
They remained there for three years, smashing down all
attackers until they were certain their point had been made.
You'll hear that the Vikings were driven away from America,
fearing for their lives, but that is not the case. They stayed
only long enough to track down and destroy all the fools who
had assaulted their Kinfolk.

Ml


Other Vikings came to the Americas, but they left of their
own volition when they realized the lands held nothing of
great value. The Skraelings, the ones who called themselves
the Pure Ones, were filthy little savages who had nothing
better to offer than a few furs in trade. No Get or Viking ever
needed to trade for a fur, so we left.

We made friends and enemies alike in Europe. We joined
with those of our tribe who had never settled in the
Northlands, and reaffirmed our alliance with the Silver
Fangs, who by virtue of their pure breeding had traditionally
been the leaders over even our tribe in intra-tribal matters.
They were weaker than us by then, but they were also wise
and noble, well prepared to lead the other tribes.

We reintroduced ourselves to the Romans — or what
remained of them—and avenged ourselvesagainst their earlier
attempts to conquer our lands. We would have overwhelmed
them completely, ifnot for the Black Furies. There wasno love
lostbetween our tribes, for they had grown proud and foolhardy
since the fall ofthe Roman Empire. They deny itnow, butit was
only because we felt sorry for the bitch-wolves that we spared
them the worst of our wrath. I've heard talk about how we
supposedly helped the humans burn Black Furies as witches,
and I can tell youmatter-of-factly that those tales re nothing
but lies; the Get of Fenris are warriors, and even the craftiest
Rotagar would never stoop that low.

The Red Talons met our standards as warriors, but had to
be forced to leave our Kinfolk alone. There were a few bloody
battles between our tribes, but in the long run we came to an
understanding. We have much in common with the Red
Talons: we both know how to use our Rage as a tool for
combat, and we both understand the need for slowing the
humans' expansion.

Britain and the Get of Fenris

Eventually we made our way to the British Isles, and it wasa
damned good thing we arrived when wedid. Nosoonerhad we
smashed down the human resistance in the area, claiming landas
our own and rescuing several caerns, then the Wyrm made its
presence known in the worst possible way. The Wyrm-corrupted
Black Spiral Dancers were attemptingto expand their Scottish
stronghold, forcingthe Fianna away from their own caernsand
bringingeveryfoulcreature theycouldwith them. Ifithadnotbeen
forourpresence, the Fianna wouldhavefallen before them.

Now, [need toexplainalittlehere. The White Howlers were
brave warriors, and they had done many great deeds in their
time. They and the Fianna had much in common. We have
alwaysrespected the Fiannaas worthy enemies—weaker than
us,certainly, butworthy enough opponents. They believe, aswe
do, thatthe only way towinawaris toactually fight the battles.
They drink too much, and they spend too much time singing
happy songs and sleeping with whatever will have them, but
they are almost capable warriors when the needarises. And Isay
almost because they didn't manage todrive the Romansaway,
but instead were forced intosubjugation.

Chapter One: Dreyrugr Spor

Rather than suffer this fate, the Howlers sent their best
forward to fight the Wyrm in a battle to the finish. They
failed. All either died or surrendered to the Wyrm. The
White Howlers were gone when we arrived in Britain, their
Kinfolk stunted and warped by the Wyrm. They were weak.
We remember the Howlers no longer. Their name is as dirt

The Fianna proved themselves to us in those days. De-
spite their love of song and drink, they exchanged their
harps for weapons when the time came to drive the Dancers
back into the Wyrm pits from which they had come. Since
then, however, the Fianna have repeatedly proven them-
selves to be drunkards and fools.

Many Getand Fiannadied in those battles, but theirdeaths
were necessary tostop the Black Spiral Dancers from destroying
allof Britain. Most Get, and I, myself, included, believe thatif
we had not been sent by Fenris to cull the weaklings of other
tribes, if we had not moved outward from Scandinavia, the
Fianna would have been forced into the service ofJormangundr.
They lecthemselvesfall too often tothe vices the Wyrm hasset
forth. They still need watching over.

The time of the Vikings was glorious, but all things, both
good and bad alike, must eventually come to an end. The
Vikings were not prepared for the world at large. They spread
themselves too thin. In time, they lost control of many of the
lands they had held so strongly, and so were forced to leave
them. In some cases the Get left with them, returning to the
Northlands, but in others, we stayed behind to maintain our
vigil against the Wyrm. Many Get live in Britain even today.
Theyare adeadly lotindeed. They mustbe, forthe Wyrmisstill
strong in many parts of the British Isles.

There are still parts of Europe where people are primarily
blond-haired and blue-eyed, and in those areas where our
Kinfolk live we are still strong, Despite what many have said
about us, we do not seek war with the other tribes. We simply
make certain they arestrongenough toface thefinal battle that
lies ahead. Also, we do not tolerate insults from lesser tribes.
There are too many who are willing to throw insults our way.

Che Binding of Fenris

No one can give an exact date, but at some time during
the reign of the Vikings, Great Fenris was barred from
returning to the Gaia-Realm. He was forced to stay in the
Umbra and guide us from afar. While he could send Avatars
to our aid, he could no longer come himself to teach us

Most agree that this was a result of the Wyrm's foul opera-
tions, a plan that worked too well. Few of the Incarna are free
towalk here anymore; instead, they are forced to use usas their
physical warriors. Do not view as a sign of weakness; instead,
think of itasasign of the Wyrm's power. Many claim that the
mageshad something todo with the division of the worlds, and
with the imprisonment of Fenrisand the other totems. [donot
believe this, They are only humans, and mostdonotunderstand
the mysteries of the separated worlds.


Fenris was bound through treachery. The legends say that
when Great Fenriscameand told ustocull the weak from other
lands, one among us, called Tyr, stood and said that wehadno
right to do so. He claimed that the time for war was over, and
threw down his sword. Fenris contemplated Tyr's words, and
thenasked him ifhe would preferto live without his guidance.
Tyr imagined how life without Great Fenris would be, and
begged forgiveness forhisactions. Ishouldexplain that he had
help in his decision: many of the Get offered to make an
example of him by way of apology to the Wolf-Father.

Fenris demanded a sacrifice, and Tyr offered to give his
hand. Fenris then bit the hand off, and by that allowed that
Tyr was forgiven. But Tyr went on whining about his paw
long after, bearing resentment in his heart, For this reason,
he was seduced to the Wyrm's ways. Later, begging to speak
with Great Fenris, he led the Wyrm's minions into Fenris'
lair, and they bound the Wolf-Father in chains, thus pre-
venting him from entering Gaia's realm again.

The Delirium fear has caused the humans to warp the
truth of this tale. To them, Great Fenris is a monster,
righteously bound by the simpering, so-called gods. This act
was led by Tyr, who is supposedly a hero for losing his hand
in the process. It never ceases to surprise me how foolish
humans are, how their fear leads them to create all sorts of
false truths, Only weaklings could believe Fenris was a
monster, rather than our great leader.

Ihave seen Garou torn to pieces for daring tocall another of
the Getby Tyr'sname, and if you ever wantto commitsuicide,
that's probably one ofthe best ways todo it. From thatday forth,
Fenris has demanded that those he chooses must continue to
pay the price for Tyr'sfolly. The Hand of Tyrare the most savage
ofall Get of Fenris. They concentrate on fighting against the
Wyrmin the foulestplaces. Neverdoubtthat the Hand of Tyr
isfearless; they mustbe toovercome thename they have chosen
forthemselves

The Ritts

I heard screamin' and bullwhips

Cracking

How long? How Long?

—Neil Young, "Southern Man"

Thefirstsplitin relationsbetween the Get of Fenriscame when
thesettlers in Americabroke away from Great Britain. There were
agoodnumberofthe Getin theColonies, some fromGermanyand
Scandinaviaand some from Britain. Wehad little rouble recogniz-
ingeach other. We settled in areas where we could live in the
climateswe were used to. TheareathatwouldlaterbecometheNew
Englandstateswasideal forus,and despitea ewargumentswith the
Wendigotribe—wewon, fortheyhadgrownsoftoverthe centuries
—wewere happy.

Butwhen our American Kinfolk decided they needed to war
against Britain, we did as we have always done and stood ready
to fight with them. This did not make the Get of Fentis in

20
am

Britain happy, but there was little they could do from across the
ocean. A few came with the reinforcement troopssent over by
the humans, and attempted to explain their position to us in
traditional Get fashion. Youcanstill find the places where they
are buried, but you have to look closely.

The arguments lasted sometime, and feelings were hurt.
No surprise; the Get hate to lose more than just about
anything. But eventually the rift was repaired and commu-
nications started again. Besides, we were still too damned
busy dealing with the "Pure Ones" to hold grudges, and the
British Get still had the Dancers to worry about.

Asaresult, when the Fangs of Garm arose to stop the more
determined Get from wipingout the Native American tribes, we
were divided once more. The Fangs of Garm were strongest in
Michigan andthe Midwest, and thecampwouldhave been very
short-lived had they notreminded us of the Croatan tribe's great
sacrifice. Though forsome Get the idea of listening to reason is
almost foreign, wedo understand theneed torememberthe valiant,
even iftheyarefrom weaker tribes. Forthe sake ofthe Croatan, the
Get permitted the Wendigo and Uktena to live. We did not,
however, make their lives easier asa result of this decision. Great
Fenrisgaveusamission,and we willcontinue with that mission until
Ragnarok isnothingbutadistant memory.

The Get of Fenris also played their part in the shaping of
the United States and Canada, though our involvement in
Canadian affairs was rather limited. Canada suits the Get of
Fenris. The land is often harsh and the winters are brutal, so
much like the Northlands we came from. Also, the wolf
population still permits us a fair number of wolf Kinfolk.

The second fracture in Get relations came after the Civil
War. The war was primarily a human conflict; the Get
joined in the conflict whenever their Kinfolk needed pro-
tection or as a cover in fighting the Wyrm.

Itwas after the war that yet another division occurred. After
the abolition of slavery, a few Get decided they were tired of
having todeal with the lesser races. They formed camp called
the Swords of Heimdall. Many of this camp bore the taint of the
Wyrm in many cases, though others were simply confused, and
willing to follow the fools who cried for blood.

Be sure of this: The Get of Fenris are warriors. We thrive
‘on combat and live to crush our foes. But there are those
among us who believe that combat is everything. They are
the ones who give us a bad name. Certainly, we should not
tolerate the cowardly, nor should we tolerate the minions of
the Wyrm. But there are some who will find any excuse for
combat, and if no valid excuses are available, they will
invent tales to justify their actions.

Idonotsee thisasa fault somuch asa part of ournature. The
blood of heroes runs in our veins, and as times change and the
world becomes more civilized, with more conveniences and
fewer direct threats, the Get of Fenris must start looking for
fights. This mentality has faded some over the years, but there
are still afew who would see battle simply for the sake of battle.
At the time of the Civil War, there were simply not enough

Get of Fenris

imi /


enemies in the south to make some Get happy. The Wyrm was
learningnew tricks, and hiding itself better: The Pure Ones had
fled to the west to escape our attempts to make them stronger,
and the humans slaves had been broken by chains and whips,
fodder for the Wyrm's worst temptations. How cana man be
made strong when he is broken? There was simply notenough.
violence to satisfy the Rage of some Get.

Fora time, the Get were forced tofight one another, formany
Getsaw the taint of the Swords of Heimdall. Itwas the westward
expansion, more than anything else, that halted this rivalry.
There was simply too much else to do, too many other impor-
tant tasks awaiting us. Many of the Get took to the west and
fought against the Wendigoand Uktena again. The lands were
harsh and suited well ourneed tostruggle. Here, wecouldsetup
our holdings and raise strong families.

Intime, the wounds of our inner division healed and again
the Get spoke to one another with words instead of claws. But
the scar caused by Heimdall's Sword remains, and is still in
danger of infection from Jormangundr's poisons.

World War J

The American Get decided not to fight in this war.
What's this, you say? A Get ignoring a war? But to the
American Get, it was a human problem. Their Kinfolk were
not involved — at least, not at first — and so there was no
reason for them to be.

However, Scandinavia and Germany fought against each
other, and the Get in both these lands believed their Kinfolk
were right. They allowed themselves to be drawn into
human affairs, and that is always a mistake.

The American Get chose not to make matters worse,
even when our own Kinfolk were sent to fight in the war
There were matters to deal with here, especially toward the
west, where Leeches were trying to swarm into the conti-
nent. In Mexico, the Uktena called for help and we gave
what we could. The people in the United States were trying
to decide too many things about themselves, and we opted
tostay in the country and make certain that no one went too
far down the trackless path of the Wyrm.

Besides, the war soon became an excuse to reinstitute the
Impergium in Europe. The American Get knew this experi-
ment would beshort-lived. Butanotherchance would come...

World War JJ

There's somethin' wrong with the world today
T don't know what it is
Something's wrong with our eyes
— Aerosmith, "Livin' On The Edge"
A final rift broke the Get of Fenris into many camps
during the Second World War. For the first time, the

Chapter One: Dreyrugr Spor

A ——EE————————EE— Ee

division between Get went beyond mere skirmishes and
evolved into a full-scale conflict. Times had been very
difficult for the Get in Germany before the war started. The
Get of Europe were torn apart, for many believed the
propaganda of Adolf Hitler, and joined his conquest to see
an end to all races that were not pure.

Let's get this straight: The Getare not racial bigots; we just
don't like to see our Kinfolk spread too thinly. We kept
ourselves separated from others for a long time, for we wanted
our Kinfolk to be strong as well. Perhaps toostrong. Some Get
dobelieve that genocide isa rational way to protect ourKinfolk,
but they are only a small portion of our tribe. Genocide is
cowardly and pathetic. Ourduty is notto destroy the weak, but
to make the weak stronger. Jormangundris not picky; he will
find allies anywhere, even among our own. We are superior
because we strive for perfection, not for the skin color or the
religious beliefs of our Kinfolk.

While a few Ger fell to the Wyrm, sucked in by stupid
human propaganda, none can argue that their methods were
so cowardly as to fall below the likes of even the most
conniving Shadow Lords. Great Fenris had long ago charged
us to cull the weakest from all tribes, and hone the survivors
to become as great as we are. What Hitler and the Get who
joined him wanted was nothing less than the extermination
of entire races, both Garou and human alike.

The Get of Germany who did not follow the little mad-
man called to the American Get and even traveled by Moon
Bridge to plead their case. I will note, however, that they did
not call on the U.S. and British Get until they realized that
they were losing the battle against Hitler's great army. We
then joined with other tribes as seldom before, and marched
upon our homelands with the weight of our Rage burning in
our hearts.

Ofcourse, there were practical reasons why we had tostopour
own, for if we did not, the retribution of the other tribes would
have been terrible. Itisfoolish to believe thatwe could have killed
so many of their flock and not seen a reaction from them. The
Silver Fangs were once more a paragon of their former glory,
rallying the Garou about them to stop our German brethren.
Even the Shadow Lords were to be feared, for they had lost more
oftheir Kinfolk to Hitler's marchesthan any ofus, and thedesire
forrevengeseethed within them. Andsome ofthe tribesused the
war toonce again wage the Impergium. Woe toany troopscaught
in the no-man's land where the Red Talons hunted.

The Get who followed Hitler were many, but far more
opposed him. The war was brutal, and the loss to both sides was
almost too much for the tribeto handle, butin theend, we made
most of the Get see their mistake. Once the German Get
learned of the concentration campsand the terrors performed
on Garou by the Nazis scientists, they turned away from the
mouth of Jormangundrand returned to the proper ways.


|

The Get Today

Brothers will fight and they will kill each other,

Cousins will commit incest,

The battles will be hard for heroes,

and great whoredom will abound.

Age of the battle axe, age of the sword,

Shields split by violence.

Age of the storm, age of the wolf

All of this shall come to pass before the world falls into ruin

— The Edda of Snorti Sturluson (trans. by Keith
Winkler)

The mission set before us by Great Fenris is not easy, nor
shoulditbe. We have made our lives intoaconquest ofany tribe
too weak to stop us, and our brutal ways have made us strong.
While other tribesran and hid, we alwaysstood ready toface the
enemies of Gaia, and we have watched those enemies fall. We
have challenged all of the other tribes, and we have seen the
ones thatare weak: the Wendigo, the Black Spiral Dancers, the
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers. They fearus because we are
strong, They accuse us ofbrutality because they are unprepared
forthe challenges we set before them, because we alone refuse
tohide from combat when the time comes for bloodshed.

The othertribesclaim thatwe are mindlesskillingmachines,
but they spend too much time scheming in dark rooms and
trying to sneak past the Wyrm instead of simply tearing
Jormangundr's putrid heart from his chest! The Warriors of
Gaia mustneverbe weak. Even as we longforpeace we must call
forwar. Let the other tribes play their foolish political games, let
them thrive like cockroaches in the hearts ofthe Scabs, growing
soft because they no longerunderstand the need to huntand to
kill. Leethem breed with weakerraces and raise their young as
"civilized people." In the end they will understand that we are
right, that there can be no peace without sacrifice, that there
can be no pleasure without pain.

We will lead them in battle and they will follow usas they
always have, fearing the threats we know are commonplace
because they have neversought the Wyrm in its own foul nest.

We will bring the war to them. We will call them forth for
Ragnarok and show them the ways of combat. We will watch
them run and hide, fearing for their worthless hides while we
bathe in the blood of the Wyrm and feast on the entrails of
Jormangundr's followers. Those few who are worthy will
fight with us, and we will accept them as family. Those who
die a coward's death shall lay unburied in the fields of battle,
reviled and despised as weaklings.

Ragnarok is upon us, and the time for friendship is past.
Those who would flee from us must be destroyed, for surely
they would fall to Jormangundr's wiles. Those that would
fight us must be taught the error of their ways, and those who
ignore us must be made to remember that we are here, no
matter the cost. Those who would be our leaders must prove
themselves in honorable combat.

Have no fear of death, for beyond death there is Valhalla.
Valhalla, where Fenris waits for us, calling to his Get and

sharpening the weapons that will help us in the final con-
flict. For each of us that falls, Ragnarok comes one moment
closer. Do not fear Ragnarok. Instead, prepate for it. Know
that Ragnarok is your destiny and the final time when
Jormangundr will fall before our might.

The Getare divided; they fightamong themselves as well as
among the other Garou. Some demand the Impergium be
brought back; some have even started enforcing itagain. This
isthe firstsign of Ragnarok. The metis population among Garou
increases. Perhaps this increase is brought about by too longa
time away from Kinfolk and too much time with packs of mixed
heritage. This too isa sign of Ragnarok. The Garou must fight
against greater odds than ever before, and they must fight
Pentex, the greatest whore to capitalism thathaseverexisted.
These too are signs. So far as the Get of Fenris is concerned,
Ragnarok iscoming.

Tr would be presumptuous to say that we are the only ones
who have seen the signs, for most Garou openly admit that the
Apocalypse ishere. Are we simply following the majority in this
case and drawing upon facts from our own beliefs tofind support
for our fears? I don't think so. I believe that the final times are
indeed upon us. The human Vikings had many legends about
Ragnarok, and in many waysthey coincide with our own. Both
agree that, in the final days, Great Fentis will be released from
hisbonds, although the Vikings considered thisabad thing. No
one can honestly blame them for their fear: the geneticmemory
ofthe Impergium isstill strong.

Ragnarok is when Great Fenris will finally be freed from
the chains that hold him back, where the Wolf will again
know the taste of raw meat and the feel of bones shattering
beneath his awesome fangs. We are the Get of Fenris, the
children of the Dire Wolf.

Fenriswillbereleased,andas ourownsayings tell, he illcall
forth the Fenris Winter, called the Fimbul Winter by the
humans,andhe will lay Wotan, thegreatestofthe Viking gods
But let us not forget that the Vikings, despite their many
admirable qualities, were only human. Because they did not
understand the meaning of Wotan, they could not understand
the necessity for his destruction. He was the greatest of their
gods, buthe isalso the bringer ofdeath. Wotan isanothername
for Man. He isagod of the humans. The prophecies say simply
that Fenris ill destroy the humans. The most likely means for
this destruction is, of course, the Get of Fentis.

Inlast few decades, almostall signs from the Riteof the Three
Wells have revealed thesame image again and again. Thisimage
scaressome of the Get, but not all of usare frightened by it. The
image shows Fenris consuming Wotan. Both comprise countless
thousands of beings: Fenris is an amalgamation of our tribe, and
Wotan contains the sum of humanity. The death of Wotan does
notnecessarily mean the literal death ofall humans. Itcould just
as well mean the end of the domination of the human race on
Gaia. Only time will tell which interpretation is correct.

But enough of that. The Get are separated, and the time
of Ragnarok is near. Some fools in the Get believe we will be
reunited as one tribe after Ragnarok. This new tribe will

22 Get of Fenris

GE EE EN


allegedly lead us out of danger and into safety, destroying the
Wyrm along the way.

These same dreamers claim that the Get as a whole have
refused women the right to fight as Modi— Ahroun —for the
tribe. I will make clear to you right now what has always been
cleat to the Get who follow their traditions properly: The
femalesamong our tribe have the same rights as the males. Just
like the males, they must prove themselves worthy of any title
they fight for. Auspice is auspice; if a woman is born under the
full moon and is not called an Ahroun, that is her choice. It is
not something thatany self-respecting Get would force on her.
Regardlessofauspice, weare all warriorsfirst. Even the Ragabash
are warriors; they just don't always fight the same way.

There are rumors ofacamp within ourranks, the Valkyria of
Freya, which allegedly fightsagainst us, working in secret with
the Black Furies to gain equal rights. If they have joined
together to oppose the perceived chauvinism of the Get, then
they are fools. The only women among the Get who have
anything to complain about are those will not fight for their
rights. Life in ourtribe isnot meant tobe pleasurable. Itismeant
tobe harsh, in preparation for the Fenris Winter.

Ragnarok

The sun will grow black, the earth sinks into the sea.

High in the heavens, stars disappear,

Smoke and nourisher of life rage,

Tall flames lick against heaven itself.

Here it is said: At the field called Vigrithr, a battle takes place.

Surter and Jormangundr battle against the gods,

Vigrithr is 600 miles on each side,

A field is set aside for this purpose.

— The Edda of Snorri Sturluson (trans. by Keith
Winkler)

Ragnarok is soon upon us — has already started. Know the
following things to be true, and know that they are what the
Get of Fenris have strived for all along: Valhalla is real. It
waits for us in the Umbra. Also waiting for us is Vigrithr, the
field where we shall fight and defeat the Midgard Serpent,
Jormangundr, the Wyrm.

Vigrithrisa field of battle prepared by Fenris, a place in the
Spirit World where we will fight our final battle against the
Wyrm, and break the foul embrace it has upon Gaia. Weare not
likely to survive this greatest of battles, but Gaia will be saved.
Many believe the Fimbul Winter will comeasa result ofnuclear
war. The fires will itideed reach the heavens, and many stars will
beextinguished. Burthatis notthe end of Gaia. She will sleep,
She will have a time of rest, a time to recover from Her great
wounds, and She will come back again, as strong as ever, and
freed from the Wyrm's poisons.

The time of the humans will end, and Gaia will again
find a way to flourish and to grow. The Garou will have
peace. We will all be born into the world again, for even in

times of peace, Gaia will always need her defenders.

Ragnarok is not to be feared, but rather to be revered.
Ragnarok is the end of the Wyrm's dominion, the time
when balance will be restored and the Umbra and the Gaia
Realm will once more be as one, as it was before the Wyrm
went mad. The Weaver will be put right, and the Wyld
shall again be strong and healthy.

I say this to you one more time: Do not fear death, for
death is only the first step on the way to Valhalla and the
great battle at Vigrithr, where all will be put right for Gaia,
Do not fear combat, for we must train as few ever have to
earn the right to serve Great Fenris and Gaia in the final
war and to reap the rewards that will come thereafter. The
time is soon. Be strong. Be brave. And know that we shall
have peace when Ragnarok is ended

Chapter One: Dreyrugr Spor 23



Be Aggressive,
B-E Ageressive
B-E-A-G-G-R-E

—Faith }

There is no such thing as peace. Peace is a fool's dream
that serves no purpose but to lull us into false relaxation, so
that the Wyrm can catch us napping. Throw any stupid ideas
about a carefree life away before your Rite of Passage, Fenris
did not create the Fenrir to live a soft life. He created us to
fight for Gaia, and that is what we do. We have never had it
easy.

Battle Scars

No Get of Fentis is considered worthy until he bears scars.
Battle scars are a sign of prowess; you must earn them in the
only way possible — by risking everything to prove your
worth as a warrior against a true threat. Most of the Get
receive their first battle scars during their Rite of Passage, for
our rite is dangerous: it would kill members of lesser tribes.
Get never back down from a fight, and as a result most Get
manage to earn more scars than other tribes' warriors. Some
even gain their scars during informal moots, playing the
games. We do not play nicely.

Chapter Two: Krieg Lagern

rr ae

LV-E!
io More, "Be Aggressive"

Virtues

You've heard of the American Dream? Well forget about
it! It's a load of crap! A wet dream for the weak. If you want
something, then you work for it. That means if you want a
new house, you build it with your own hands, because when
that house is finished, it is something to be proud of. When
you get a job, you don't sit behind a desk for eight hours a day
groveling at the feet of your boss in the hopes of a promotion.
You work the fields. You plant and tend your harvest,
because when you are done no bread will ever taste as sweet
as the bread made from wheat you planted and protected. If
you can't own it outright, then you don't need it!

I know many Get who work in construction and raise
skyscrapers for the humans. But even that is all right,
because they own the companies, and you'd better goddamned
well believe those buildings meet every possible require-
ment to keep Gaia as unscathed as possible. Better the Get
than some pissant human out to make a quick buck and
cutting corners whenever possible!

25


om eA SASL

If the Get of Fenris uphold an American Dream — and
you can believe this, you little whelps — it is the idea that
people will actually take the time to do things right. We're
not the corporate raiders or generals of the world, we're the
ditch diggers and drill sergeants. We don't demand respect,
we command it. When I'm taking you through your paces
and teaching you the art of war, you'd best remember that,
because I will gladly peel the fur off your worthless hides the
first time you forget. We had a saying in the Army that still

stands true today: "Don't call me ‘Sir,' goddamit. I work for
a living!"

No Get of Fenris ever took governmental kickbacks or
robbed banks fora living. No Get ever battled the Wyrm and
then checked in to work another shift at O'Tolley's. No self-
respecting Get would think of dealing drugs, or taking them,
- No worthwhile Get

either, because that leads to the
ever started drinking and allowed himself to go beyond the
point where he could fight —at least, not away froma moot.
Dependency on anything, on anyone except your tribe and
your pack, is a sign of weakness. And we don't like sissies in
this neck of the woods!

Leave the nine-to-five jobs and the whining to the other
tribes; we've got better things to do with our time. We're
above that sort of sniveling. You'll meet the other tribes
soon, the ones that call us psychopaths and wear peace signs
around their necks. But we'll talk about them later; right
now, it's time to let you know a few things about the
camps, and to give you some warnings as well. In order
to be fair about this, I'll tell you the facts, and then you
can ask the Garou around you what they think of my
opinion. All I can tell you is what they were willing to tell
me.

The Dalkyria of Freya

The Valkyria exist; I've met them. They are as fierce as
any Get — don't even think of believing otherwise. The
camp is made up of women. Ideally, the Valkyria have no
reason to exist, but as I'm sure many of you know, the Get

are a battle tribe, and that means that sometimes the

bullshit level around here climbs a little too high. There are
a few Jatls around who do not believe that women have any
haps that is the way it used to be, but these days we

rights.

need every warrior we tan get.

The world isn't ideal, Now and then, the tempers of the
Jarls are a bit intimidating. | don't believe the drivel about
the Valkyria leaving to be with the Black Furies, and you
shouldn't either. Just remember to treat your family, male
and female alike, with a little respect. Sex doesn't make a
difference; only physical prowess matters.

XK
2)

You might have trouble believing this, but there are two
separate accounts of bitch-Jarls, Freya-Troll-Breaker and
Brynhyld-Broken-Sword. I won't lie and tell you that either
lasted long as Jarls; there were too many other Get willing to
challenge them. But in both cases, they led for their spans
because they formally challenged the Jarl and won. Never let

26

anyone tell you the crap about females being lesser warriors
or lesser citizens, because it just isn't true. They can fight and
they can challenge just like any other member of the Garou.
In times long past, they could only be considered Modi if
their families were killed, and then it was their duty to fight.
But in America, at least, that's not the case. I've heard of a
few hard-asses back in the Old Country who disagree with
this philosophy, but only a few.

The Valkyria Speaks

Despite the words of a few males, the general belief is that the
female Get of Fenris should have no duties save to serve as
scullery maids. We must work twice as hard to prove ourselves,
and we must constantly warch our backs. There are those males
who feel they can attack a female without honor and suffer no
consequences, because they say she was not acting with honor
herself. I will not le, the idea of joining with the Black Furies has
arisen on several occasions. No decision has been made...

The Hand of Tyr

The Hand do not believe in surrender. They fight until
they die, and they never accept the surrender of an enemy
who has challenged them. They might let one of their
challengers survive, but only if he was a truly worthy oppo-
nent. A Get of the Hand of Tyris the closest thing you'll ever
know to an executioner. They do not forgive or forget a sin
committed in their sight. If they are afraid of anything, I've
yet to hear about it.

The Hand have been known to hunt down enemies for
decades, never resting until their prey is destroyed. There
were a lot of Nazi leaders after the war who were never
captured, whom even Mossad, Israel's elite special forces,
could not find. I know of at least three cases in which there
was nothing left to find after the Hand of Tyr had finished
making the bastards pay.

You know those stories that go around from time to time
about Bigfoot cruising into a campsite and tearing the hell
out of some nice little camper? Well, often as not the
"camper" was nota nice person but a murderer, and "Bigfoot"
had stalked him for a couple hundred miles.

If you ever get any ideas about raping or murdering an
innocent, unprovoked, you can just chuck those ideas away.
The Hand will find you, and they will destroy you. Do not
play games with the Hand; they do not play games. They are
the closest thing you'll find to perfect killing machines.
They have given their lives to Fenris, just as Tyr sacrificed up
his hand.

Words from the Hand

There is no honor in attacking the innocent. There is no glory
in molesting a five-year-old or forcing yourself on a woman.
These are the acts of the Wyrm, and they must be punished. Cold-
blooded murders are not allowed, and the drugs that the humans
sell must be stopped. From time to time, the smallest offenders can
give you the names of the Wyrmling behind their crimes. The

Chapter Two: Krieg Lagern

Ne

ee Ae

Wyrm's roots are many and they run deep; too deep. They must
be torn from Gaia! For even the smallest roots can grow again...

Miolnir's Thunder

The Thunder do not just rumble, they kill. These guys are
the ultimate killing monsters. They do not bother with
humans and they couldn't care less if someone gets murdered
in front of them. They stroll into places where no sane Garou
would walk alone. And they come back out again. These
guys are monkeywrenchers often as not, only they don't try
to be subtle. They walk into Wyrm-nests and just cut loose.
Icis no surprise they rarely live long enough to rule a sept.

The Thunder Growls

The Wyrm is everywhere, and must be destroyed at any cost.
What use is a life if Jormangundr still surrounds Midgard?
Ragnarok is coming soon, and the only hope we have is to weaken
the Worm now, before the Fimbul Winter settles upon Gaia's
back, We cannot wait for the Wyrm to come to us; instead we
must seek out the minions of Jormangundr, destroy them wher-
ever they may hide. Their nests could hold the eggs of others like
them.

Che Fangs of Garm

The Hand of Tyr believes in avenging the innocent, but
the Fangs of Garm believe in preventing the crime. They are
much like the Children of Gaia, though stronger of will and
shorter of fuse: they are still Get, after all, and do not take
insults well. Still, ofall the Get, the Fangs are the best suited
to the task of negotiating with the other tribes. They have
founded a few organizations to help protect others from the
agents of the Wyrm; they organize neighborhood watches,
and even work as counselors in halfway houses from time to
time, Of all our camps, the Fangs of Garm show the most
wisdom. They look out for wolves and humans alike, pro-
tecting them from the more subtle of the Wyrm's threats.

Legends tell us of Garm, the hound of hell, who will one
day avenge Tyr's wrong to Fenris. Garm, too, was bound by
the Wyrm's plot, but his chains are in Niffleheim, the land
of the dead. According to human legend, Garm was the most
horrible beast imaginable, so bad that he was bound in order
to prevent the destruction of the world. Little do the humans
understand that Garm teaches us a great lesson: that our
Rage must be controlled or it will haunt us after death. This
lesson the Fangs have learned well, but woe to those who
stand in their way when their Rage is unfettered.

The Fangs Speak

Do not believe that the W/yrm's only threat comes in the form
of Banes or fomori. The Wyrm can be very devious, and can hide
in places that seem perfectly harmonious with Gaia. The tribes
must work together if we are to defeat the Wyrm; Gaia did not
intend for us to fight each other, only to stop Her illness from
growing stronger.


A

Ourmostdangerousenemyis ourselves, ourinner Rage. Our Rage
twas given tous by Fenris to aid him in his battles, butheisnowbound,
andcannolongerhelp uscontrolour anger. Garm guides us, though,
by way of waming of our dire fate should we fail and lose control

The Glorious Fist of Wotan

The Fists do not follow with a good number of the Get's
philosophies. They do not leave the humans in peace, they do
not involve themselvesin human politics, and they donot work
injobsthatcould benefit the humans. The Fistdoesnottolerate
human expansion, and will go out of their way to ensure that
lopmentisstopped. The Fisthas battled with the rest
ofthe GetofFenrison
among our tribe who work in construction.

newdev

raloc

sions, particularly with those

The Fist of Wotan is a radical group, and shares more
beliefs with the Red Talons than is healthy. I've seen
members of this camp stalk and kill humans for no greater
ctime than dropping a candy bar wrapper in the woods. The
Fist is primarily, but not entirely, made up of lupus. Watch
out for this camp of the Get of Fenris.

The Fist Howls

The humans have done too muchalready to harm Gaia. Most of
Jormangundr's agents are humans. Have youever seen araven spill

oilon the sea? Do bears pour toxic waste into the air and water? The
time has come to stop the monkeys from growing any stronger. We
willlet them have their Scabs, but we will no longerallow them totake
more from Gaia and the Wyld than they have already

Yes, Wotan is Man, but he is also Death. That is what we
represent: thedeath ofthe humans and their foolish ways. Donotthink
that we are murderers. We are defenders of Gaia, fighting the most
vile ofthe Wyrm' minions: the htanans who have raped our mother

The Swords of Heimdall

The Swords hold that the only humans who survive are
the Kinfolk of the Garou. Some of their more radical
members do not believe even that the weaker Garou have
their uses, instead insisting that the weakness of the other
tribes is an open invitation to the Wyrm. They have joined
with human groups like the Ku Klux Klan and the neo-
praising the belief that all others must die simply bec
are the strong and they are weak

ewe

Many Get agree with the general sentiment, but not with
the actions of these punks. This mentality has led to rifts in
our tribe, and it cannot be permitted to grow any stronger

‘The Swordsare mistaken. The only way toend the problems
with the other tribes isto make themunderstand that weare the
best leaders for the coming Ragnarok, not to burn crosses in

28 Get of Fenris

their front yards and pound them into their graves for merely
existing. They have limited their sights too much, and noware
as close to the Wyrm as any Get has ever been.

What's more, they have perverted our legends in taking
their namesake. Heimdall was the watchman, the guardian
of Bifrost, the Rainbow Bridge. His name means "world
radiance," and he was called "the whitest of the gods." The
foolish Swords have taken this literally. Heimdall will blow
the Gallerhorn to warn of Ragnarok; the Swords claim they
blow it now, to warn of the dangers of weaker races. Fools.

A Sword Decries

The other races are weak! The time for helping the other tribes
grow strongislongpast. Ragnarokis upon us and still the lesser tribes
whimper and whine about treating the humans carefully. We have
superior breeding — our flock is stronger, smarter, and better
prepared to survive the final days. We cannot allow our careful
breeding to be diluted by inferior races of humans or wolves.

You do not hear our Kinfolk crying out for aid from the human
government, nor do our Kinfolk cry foul because of the way our
ancestors were treated. Nomercy! If they linkaround where welive,
we destroy them. The Ku Klux Klan are morally defunct and
pathetically stupid, butat least they make for good oolsin keepingour
tribe safe from perversity and mixed breeding with the lesser races.

The socalled "Pure Ones" spend thei time drinking frewater and
livingoff he land granted to them by liberal wimps; and then they cry
about the horrible sins we have committed against them! Iftheir lives
are too difficult for them to function as meaningful members of
society, I say we end their suffering for them. And another thing.

Allegations of Secret Camps

Ymir's Sweat

Thave told you of Leif Eriksson, and how he came to the
American shores to teach the Pure Ones what it meant to
harm the Kinfolk of the Get. There are rumors — and mind
you they are only rumors — that Leif and his pack left behind
a little more than hurt feelings. There are some who claim
that a group of Get stayed behind when Eriksson left, and
mated with the savages that occupied these shores.

Ihave never met one, and I personally do not believe that
they exist, but I know Get who say they have seen the pale-
haired but swarthy-skinned Garou that call themselves
Ymir's Sweat and run with the Wendigo and the Uktena. I
have heard the legends that tell of white humans who ran
with the Indians. I have even heard that they can call the
winter winds, just as the Wendigo do. If they indeed exist,
what a weak and useless pack of mutts they must be.

Loki's Smile

Ihave heard of a select few in the Get of Fenris who claim
tobe the secret rulers of us all. This is obviously a lie, for any
such group would be destroyed at the first sign of a back-
stabbing, cloak-and-dagger mentality. The Get are nothing
if not warriors, and warriors handle their problems with

Chapter Two: Krieg Lagern

rr

honor and lead their troops through example. They do not
act with the same treachery as do the Shadow Lords. Should
Tever meet one of this Loki's Smile camp, I will call for his
head and teach him the error of his ways. Obviously, such a
cowardly lot has been sleeping with Jormangundr.

Totems — Allies of
Great Fenris

All Get must pay fealty to Great Fenris, for he is our
creator. But we may also choose to follow his allies, others
who have aided Fenris in our times of struggle. Learn of them
and know that they are friends.

Fenris Wolf

Our greatest ally is the Fenris Wolf, he who called us into
being. He isa harsh master, make no mistake about that, but
he is fair, and he teaches us the secrets of survival. From him
we gain the determination to live our lives in the proper way,
like the warriors we are. He tells us that we must be strong,
and we must be honorable. He personifies the goal for which
we all must strive.

Alone, he is already powerful beyond measure. With us as
his extended pack, he is unstoppable. Fenris did not create
us to have an easy life; he created us to lead the way, to show
through example what is truly required of all Garou if they
would survive the Fimbul Winter and the Apocalypse. You
must show respect to Fenris, even if you follow another
totem, for he is the father of us all, as surely as Gaia is our
mother and Luna our teacher.

Boar

Great Boar is a powerful totem, one that teaches us the
ways of survival. He is set in his ways, for his ways are all that
he knows. He roots through the soil and lives off the land,
but he also gives to the land. Boar is thick-skinned, tougher
than steel and twice as mean as a rabid bear. Boar teaches us
how to tolerate the pain of our wounds and continue fighting
our enemy. He teaches us wisdom as well: when to run from
a fight — not out of fear, but because it is strategically useful
—and where best to continue the fight. From Boar we learn
to find our enemies' weak spots and to use those weaknesses
against them.

Hratn, the Raven

Hrafn teaches us to see, for he is the raven who knows the
ways of the Wyrm and points to the secrets that can keep
Jormangundr away from us. Hrafn reminds us to laugh,
because without the Trickster's ways, we would be too grim
to stomach, even to ourselves. Raven helps us pick away the
dead things that would add to Gaia's discomfort, and cause
Her grief. Neither the Raven nor the Crow must ever be
hurt, for to do so limits the eyes of Hrafn. For all his noise and
laughter, Raven is still a trusted ally.

29


UE NG
Ratatosk, the Squirrel

There are many Get who disdain to follow Ratatosk. What
strength can a squirrel give? they ask. But Ratatosk is no
ordinary squirrel, He is the World Tree squirrel, running up
and down the trunk of Ygedrassil, from the leafy boughs at
the top to the earthy roots at the bottom. He sees all and
hears all. He is the messenger of Fenris: he bears the Wolf-
Father's words to all the totems. For this reason, he is favored
by many of our Rotagar and Godi

Ratatosk teaches us quiet wisdom. Yes, he is a coward, but
he must be. He was not granted the mighty thews of the wolf,
and so he must flee instead. But he flees to get aid, to deliver
the cries of our lost and injured packmates to us. Know that
to follow Ratatosk is to lose Honor, but to gain in Wisdom

The Get of the Get

We are warriors, and proud of it, but we are also a family.
We continue on because we must, and we find mates because
without offspring, our memory would die. But do not think
that we do not care for our mates. A hero's death is a fine
thing, buta hero's life is important as well. We must keep the
family strong. We must do our best to continue the ways of
the Viking.

30 Get of Fenris

EE ES Ta a

Fenris demands that we raise our pups in the ways of his
chosen people, and that is what we shall do. We must ensure
that the Kinfolk and children of the Get are strong and able
to handle themselves in dangerous situations. Too often we
fight against overwhelming odds, for Fenris demands that we
never run from a battle. We must prove ourselves in combat
in order to earn the right to fight alongside Great Fenris,
when the Ragnarok is truly here and the last days are no
longer on the horizon.

Discipline is the key to making the family as strong as
possible, but you must try to curb your temper when dealing
with your children. You have an obligation to teach them
well, but youalso have an obligation to leave them unscarred.
Ihave heard the talk of fools, moaning and bitching because
their children did not breed true. What they fail to see is that
their children's children might be Garou. There is great
honor in havinga child that can join in our battles, but there
is no dishonor in having children that can mate with our
kind and produce fertile Get.

If we have a fault, it is that we try too hard to make
warriors of our Kinfolk, even knowing that they cannot heal
themselves as we can. Be stern. Make certain that your
children are raised with the proper values, but do not break
their arms to make a point. That way is the downfall of our
tribe. Teach them well ro love combat, but do not make
them fear violence when they are too young to know better.
To spare the rod is indeed to spoil the child, but crushing the
blossom also destroys the fruit. Remember this if nothing
else: A battered child is an open target for the Wyrm

Remember also that Kinfolk do not fear the touch of
silver. To put it another way: you have to sleep sometime,
and better to have allies with you when you sleep, than an
angry child who wants revenge. As famed Einar said to
Gunnar: "Bare is the back that has no brother."

Breeds
Homid

Do not believe that the homids among us are the only
ones able to fight and to lead. There are more leaders from
the lupus than you believe. The homid's advantage is that
they can blend in with the humans and make certain the
Wyrm does not manipulate them too easily

Do not segregate yourselves by breed; that is a trick of
Jormangundr. Homids are better able to see the tricks of the
Wyrm in the city, better able to read and write than lupus,
but they are not better Get simply by virtue of their birth.

Metis

A metis is a sad thing, an unfortunate product of the
times. Too many Garou believe that the unnatural attrac-
tion they feel for a brother or sister is acceptable. In olden


times, we killed metis outright, rather than dealing with the
embarrassment of them. Now we let them live —most of the
time. Take a lesson from the lupus: Euthanasia is not always
abad thing. Would you want to live in this world if you were
born unable to walk, or even use your hands? What good is
a warrior who cannot fight? If a metis can look after itself,
then we are obligated to let it live. Ifa metis is born without
eyes, or unable to even crawl, then do the merciful thing and
end its life. Better still, make the incestuous parents do the
deed, for surely they must answer for their own mistakes as
well.

There is a natural and understandable bias against the
metis. They are impure, and can never create more children
to keep our tribe strong. But, as with the Kinfolk, do not
punish them for what they cannot help. Teach them the
ways of the warrior, do not beat into them the ways of the
coward. They, too, are Get, even for all their flaws, and they
deserve the right to live and fight and die with honor and

glory.

Lupus

The lupus are our greatest treasure, especially in these last
days, when the Fenris Winter comes and we need to have as
many Garou as possible to fight in the final battle. They are
brave, and they are proud. Do not condemn them for their
birth on four legs, but do not revere them for it either. All
races must be equal, for without the man and without the
wolf, we would not be Garou. You may condemn the weaker
tribes, but do not condemn the breeds; that is not the way to
Valhalla. Remember always that Fenris created us to protect
the wolves, and that he himself is the greatest of wolves.

Rituals

The rites of the Get teach us tradition, and give us the
sense of community that is so crucial if we are to prevail. Do
not scoff at the rites, and never stop learning of our past, for
there is wisdom in the experiences of our elders. More
importantly, our rituals are also our testing ground. Here we
learn whether those who participate are worthy of our tribe.

We are a brutal lot, and the tests we offer in our Rite of
Passage are surely the truest test of our combative nature. All
Get must face danger in the Rite of Passage, for only through
honorable combat can any Get prove worthy of Great
Fenris. Some other tribes claim that our ways are too violent.
Bullshit. While the death of any Garou is a tragedy, we have
our ways and they have theirs. Most of them could not
survive our way of life, and most of us would be bored to tears
by the tranquil existence they must endure.

The most important thing to remember about our ways is
that they are violent. Do not expect mercy if you have
offered or accepted a challenge; do not expect forgiveness if
you screw up during a ceremony. We are warriors first:
everything else must be second to that single fact of our lives.

ee SS Lea AC

SUV AD

isi ay Si iagitteerett al
"Thett area numberof ro and magical 0 es

f ly i Wubient san

ic ata, 8, ONS

epee akeenemastnD wil BIST FOL WE QYS)
our first allegiance to pa ides} theyare! too bus)

RTS poly os wi > Hamiagt)

Nee ue LK RMARK Ge ever. Hi

NP: Hd absids en ‘bir
rerio tat enone te

Nemesis ner pect MAT AG

he is Wysmecorrupt, and At is possible, that this i hei 1
/Bat Fenrishas nougiven pee him, Abdvohid itor) )
either, Ir igpaidvchay hey

‘will rake revenge for ‘Tyr

[kind>-The Bahgs of Gar

what we will become in we, eon not (4 ann,
Freaky WMAP

‘Skoll and Hati ENEN}

ist Soll pOrgads the funjack § ify

"the ‘moon, It is said that, they will cate their pre

Ragnarok) They are the RR eed ‘nd an oldswitch |
i whoydayely ¢ east of Midgard ins the forest calle wid 4
NSE | Hii fs lalsb knowin a8 ene

Hiotid) forihd) is ine 8 iether
i moon, his ee ae aye

Will wreak
‘nese va ee oh had Heke AEB!
NHN LQPMRMPS
1d

NMI QPP PELYIPARD
sig and Hei pac MRMUDPIM
the fabled wolves: Sh ia ese, ,

isk piece healed

¢ backta A
HORSE ISO OPN IVA
‘otanNty: waspehe dich ey} itound.

NN}

A ARINC |

xt neti oF|

ways of,
va) ty Any NIK

es spread R lochet Way
Mult rdedlehd sbdlveS ANUbae dive

Moots

Moots are more than just political, they are celebratory.
During the moots, we can be ourselves. We celebrate life,
victory and conquest over the enemies we have crushed
beneath our bloody paws. There are two types of moots: the
informal and the formal. Never make the mistake of confus-
ing the two.

Chapter Two: Krieg Lagern 31

y jam

aly //


|

Informal moots are for fun and relaxation. They give us a
chance to know each other away from the field of combat
and to settle disputes that had been temporarily set aside. As
with our human Kinfolk ancestors, we are a lusty lot. At
these moots, you may drink yourself into a stupor, or you may
join in the songs of our ancestors.

You may also join in the games of the Get — but be
warned: these games are very dangerous. Do not join in an
arm wrestling match over silver blades if you cannot take the
pain of losing a few fingers. Bloodshed is always a part of the
games, When you perform the Razor Dance, your feet will be
cut to shreds. When you join in a tug-of-war using barbed
wire for a rope and balancing at the edge of a fire pit, you are
going to get burned and bloodied. Our games test physical
prowess. If the players — winners or losers — suffer pain as
a result, that is the way it should be. No loss should be
without suffering, and conquest is always sweeter with the
smell of fresh blood to savor after the victory.

My favorite game is Claw Tag. Trust me, you learn well
how to dodge an attack after someone's claws tip hide off
your back for the third time. You learn to use more than your
eyes when you are blindfolded against a non-blindfolded
stalker. What's that? No, you moron, the idea isn't just to
avoid getting tagged, the idea is to see how many cuts you can
take before you finally surrender!

These moots are sometimes open to Garou from other
caerns, especially in the case of unresolved conflicts. 1 know
a Get, Jurgi Hautala, who must be commended for his
amazing patience with the lesser tribes. He once invited 17
Garou ftom other tribes to one informal moot, and fought
each of them one after another. He won most of the battles,
but that milk cow Black Fury, Hera-Moon-Bow, kicked him
three times in the balls. When he had finally recovered, |
asked him why he had invited so many battles upon himself.
Jurgi laughed at me, spit the remains of his front tooth from
his mouth, and replied: "They all offended me, but I could
not fight them and fight the Wyrm at the same time. A Get
has to have priorities."

There is truth to his words! You should never turn from
your true enemies to make a point with other Garou. That
is what an informal moot is for.

The formal moots are a different story. They take place in
a great Lodge House. Understand and take my words to
heart, because your life may depend it. Never, under any
circumstances less than the Wyrm's invasion, fight in the
Lodge Houses. In earlier times, when there were no conve-
niences, the houses were the only places where one could
find warmth. The Vikings forbade fighting in their lodge
houses, and we continue this tradition. There must be places
of peace, even among the Get of Fentis.

You may bring your weapons, and you may hang them on
the walls, but you must never attempt to use them within the
Lodge House. These places are for discussions of tribal law,
for our greatest celebrations and our deepest moments of
sorrow. There is no place for violence. Three times in our

32 Get of Fenris

EE SE iniaieeniannay

Kennings

The' kenning is logically' (though not always in"artistic
EGfecwla metaphor; the térmiis derived froni the verb kerina
hich means "to express or describe one thing by means of
‘Griother)\ The skalds tere éxtrdordinarily lavish in chair ase
of kenningar, outdoing the most ornate of the Anglo-
Saxon poets

—E, V, Gordon, An Introduction, to Old.
Norse

We Garou haveycarried our, Kinfolk's ;traditions
with usin our travels, keeping the best of thenbalive
into, moderny.times.». While humans have. forgotten.
what is*good in their' past, we remember. /A' poetic
tradition we still /use, isthe, Kenning; developed jby
Norwegian' poets lonig'ago.

Sonic [ékahdples Of kerihinws! tHe! Sea edule Be ee
ferred to as"whales' pathways" or "enclosure of ships."
Bjami Herjolfsson's account of thediscovery of Ametica
has the following prayer, which serves as an excellent
‘eample, Of che use of Kenninys:

pray the sinless tester of monks may assist my joumey,
‘May thelord of high earth and the hall hold his hawk's perch
overanes

The "sinless tester of monks" is God, and! "hawk's
petch'is his arti.

Kennings are an innovative and creative poetic
édchinigué) Sne that Larinct be fully appreciated dnless
heard in its original skaldic verse. Nonetheless, I give
Here somne'of out more Popular' Fenrirkennines; trans'
lated into English,

SOngof hearth and home = Gaia

Wearing the; wolf shirt. =, Crinoss/Hispo, on Lupus
form

(The pathfinder

Jewel of the sward = caern

Bleshless friend' spirit

hé-Litahy)

Singers of the song of hearth. and home,= ancestors

Bane of straw = fire

Onielwhojis his own kithvatid kin renin

Wearing the ice Shirt = Harano

‘Tracklest Hath + the way lof che Wyzht

Jarl of, oathbreakers = the Wyrm

Breaker of swords; piercer of atmor; Killer of ctops;
stealer of deen.= the Wyrm (bad luck)

Shield brother of adiefs = Black Spiral Dancer

When |we'sing Of oir hetdés) re often give them
well-known kennings. Just as the Norsemen knew that
"Goat driver' often reletted to Thor, we [Kriowy' that
"ighter of pyres" refers to Gunnar Draugrbane, for the
many foes he killed. Perhaprone day) if you, become
great, you,shall have a kenning to note.your deeds,


{

Get Lexicon
Auspices

Qur names, for Luna's, chosen. are, different than_the.

other tribes': We'refuse co honor the names used by the
Fianna, for ours are older.and just as good,

Ragabash = Rotagar
Sodi

Philodox, = Forseti

Galliard = Skald.

Ahrou Modi
Words

When speaking human tongues, even English, we still
Usdimnariy Old Noswelwords) inherited Romi dup greathomnid
heroes of old.

‘Ancestors (Past Lives))= foreldra

Bane = skripi

Batele 2 Wdte'

Battle bana-sa

Blood Sbfoth

Bone Gnawer (worthless wretch) = auvirthi

varthi

in-vigi
Rehan
Death-blow. = bana-hoge
Death
Dwarf = dyergr (dwarves = dyergar)
Earth fold

Fetishes = taufr

Fire = hal

Frenzy

juatha-dagr

jotun-mothr,(to rage [verb] = geisa)
Giant Jotun
Gift = for

Gnosis (soul)! > sal

ali

Human-=menske

Lore = froth-leikr

Luck -g2efa,, orfhamingia
Mag
Monster (Wymcreature), = forath
bility, Courage' + drengeskapr
Poetry =:brag-thattr

Poigdn
Rage'(beast's heare)-* ayrsshjarea
Renown

Riddle
Sacrifi
Shain
Spirit = andi (spirits = andar)
Spirit indmbriing » VareliOkuie

Gandwere

eitr

Vampire = draugr (vampires = draugar)
Wicked (Wytit cprtupt) © vandr

Wolf = ulfr
Wraith 4 Hadg-bii

history, someone has broken this law. Three times in our
history, someone has died for being so foolish.

There is an arena, outside the Lodge House, where all
formal combat is handled and all challenges to Jarldom are
met. These battles are never to first blood, or until someone
screams for surrender. There is only one survivor in these
battles, for they are always to the death. Do not make
challenges at the formal moots if you are not prepared to pay
the price.

The Litany

Fé ck the law! I want meat!
— Peloquin, from Clive Barker's Nightbreed

The Litany was developed to establish stability among the
tribes. This is a good thing. However, there are many ways
in which the words of the Litany can be misunderstood
Some other tribes have different ways of handling the
Litany, as is their right. The Get of Fenris try to make certain
that the rules are followed carefully, and that there isa means
by which a Garou may attempt to prove his innocence,
should he be wrongly accused.

Garou Shall Not Mate with

Garou

Do not litter your own den, especially in such a vulgar
way. There are enough metis already, but worse still, you
bring shame upon our tribe by showing that you cannot
control your lust

Despite what others believe, we do nottake liberties with the
weaker female Garou we conquer. There is no honor in such
actions, only degradation toboth parties. One Black Fury claimed
thatshe had been raped by a Get, and when herclaim wasproved,
she was permitted to take from the rapist the offending weapon.
Do notattempt to find loopholes within the Litany.

The standard punishment for breaching this part of the
Litany is toraise the child and teach him orher the ways of the
Get. You must care for your children inall cases, foreven metis
have the right to a family. If you choose not to care for your
child, or if your child should accidentally come to harm, then
you must dispose of the evidence in the old ways, You must
consume the flesh of your offspring, allowing the child to live
within you forever. That is the formal punishment for mating
with your own family and causing harm to your own flesh.

Combat the Wyrm
Wherever it Duoells and
Whenever Jt Breeds

Do not suffer a Wyrmling to live. Every creature that is
touched by the Wyrm has the potential tocreate more lke itself.
Destroy them. If you find anest of Wyrmlings, make certain the

Chapter Two: Krieg Lagern 33

a


|

creatures and their nest are both destroyed. Cleanse the land of
the Wyrm's foul taint, orfind someone whocan. Neverflee from
aWyrmling, no matter how powerful. Better todieahero than to
live a coward, for Fenris does not forgive. Nor do his Get,

Respect the Cerritory of
Another

Ifyou finda place that suits your needs, and you can defeat
the owner of this territory in rightful combat, then, and only
then, may you claim the land as your own. These challenges
must be made publicly, and should your opponent refuse you
the right of challenge, you may not retaliate. We do not
wantonly kill our own kind over a few feet of land, We must
not waste the blood of the other Garou.

Accept an Honorable
Surrender

Ifyou opponent has called for first blood, you may lethim
live. Ifhe has called for a life-duel, youare honor bound tokill
him, regardless of his pleas. This is our way. Know also that
honorable surrenderi impossible for those without honor. Kill
all Wyrmlings, even if formally challenged. In wartime, and
against the Wyrm's minions, this rule does not hold.

Submission to Those of
Higher Station

Never question a war leader's commands. Never insult
those of higher rank, unless you are willing to suffer the
consequences.

The First Share of the Kill
tor the Greatest in Station

Give the elders their due, or they will kill you. Do not take
this lightly. I have seen pups torn limb from limb for their
stupidity.

Ve Shall Not Eat the Flesh of
Humans

The blood-lust is great within the Get of Fenris, and this
may be overlooked from time to time. Do not, however,
leave any sign of human consumption.

Respect for Those Beneath
Ve — All Are of Gaia

Allare beneath us. Do not play with your food, and do not
kill without just reason. You may test other Garou, for that

34 Get of Fenris

| a a al a es

is one part of our duty, but you must not insult the other
tribes without justifiable provocation. Do not falsely accuse
another of a crime; this is not the honorable way to provoke
confrontation. You may certainly challenge the heritage of
another, but know the facts before you make the challenge.

The Deil Shall Not Be Lifted

If the humans see you change, you must stalk them and
destroy them. You must leave no evidence. Be aware of your
surroundings, and avoid changing shapes in public places. If
the Crinos is your only resort, make certain that any wit-
nesses never have the chance to speak of the matter.

Do Mot Suffer Thy People
to Tend Thy moerenes

There are three honorable ways in which to grow old. You
may barter with pups for food and care in exchange for
wisdom. You may challenge your Jarl, knowing that you
cannot win, and pray that he is merciful. You may fight the
Wyrm until you fall in battle. Suicide is not acceptable, and
brings dishonor to you and your tribe.

The Leader May Be
Challenged at a Time
(During Peace

You may only challenge for leadership during formal
moots. You may challenge for renown at any time of peace.

The Leader May Not Be
Challenged During Wartime

Unless your leader is grossly incompetent, and you can
prove the accusation, do not argue during war or combat.
Obey this rule at all times.

Ve Shall Take Mo Action
Chat Causes a Caernto Be
Violated

There is no forgiveness. You will be destroyed. Your name
shall be unsung, and your deeds shall be unremembered.
Your Kinfolk will know only shame

Never Refuse a Challenge

The Get of Fenris are the followers of Fenris. We do not
turn away froma fight. Ever. If a Garou insults your heritage
and the insult is not just, rip flesh and drink deep of your
enemy's blood. That is our way. But never turn from the true

enemy to settle an insult argument — if the Wyrm is near,
kill the Wyrmling first, and then destroy the bastard who
insulted you.

Now listen to me: if some five-year-old human brat spits
on your shoe, you don't rip him limb from limb. There's no
honor in damaging whelps. Instead, find his parent and
calmly explain that Junior was a bad boy, then teach his
parent a lesson that Junior will never forget. Children
cannot be held responsible for their own stupidity, but their

parents can.

Leadership

There are no councils, save the Council of War. The
Council of War meets once a year, and at this time the
battles for supremacy between the Jarls are held. From the
victors, we choose the five greatest warriors to lead the
Council. There can be no questions about their right to lead.
They are the strongest and the greatest in combat. Do not
question their motives; that is not for you to know. If you are
called to war, be prepared to die, for we shall all meet again
come the Ragnarok.



People talking in movie shows,

People smoking in bed,

People voting Republican,

Give them all a boot to the head!

—The Frantics, "Ti-Kwan

Let me explain a little something to you about the world
at large. There are forces at work you have yet to run across,
forces that are vile examples of what we are fighting against.
Thave spoken of the Wyrm, but I have not told you about
how the Wyrm works its foul tricks. Jormangundr has many

ome

powerful allies in its schemes, and you will run acro
of them sooner or later. We have allies, too, but, for the most
part, they are weaker than we are.

We are not well-loved by the other tribes. Oh, they care
for us when the time for war approaches and they realize
once again that they need us to pull their hides from the fire,
Thisis just as well, because we do not need the love of other
Garou to see us through our troubles. We have each other,
and we have Gaia. We have Luna and we have Fenris. We
are complete.

Our history of forced expansion is brief, but the impact
from those times has been substantial. The Get of Fenris are
nolonger isolated in the forests of the northlands. Now there
are Get on every continent of Gaia, though in some places
we are still limited in number.

Chapter Three: Eine Welt Fiir Nehmen

EE LL

ap/Boot to the Head"

Humans are everywhere, trying to decide what to build
next when they haven't any need for what they've already
built. The humans need to be remembered, but because so
few of them are warriors any longer, they choose to build
memorials to themselves. Rockefeller Plaza, Trump Towers

buildings named for those with money enough to have
their names inscribed onto edifices; or, worse still, the
endless roads named after endless lists of paper pushers who
somehow feel they have contributed to the well-being of
others

Do not fall into this kind of trap. This is false glory at best,
a shallow honor that means nothing. The humans long for
any acknowledgment that they are the superior race. In
order to prove this to themselves, they rebuild Gaia in their
own image. No other animal on Gaia is so amazingly self-
righteous, so vain. The closest rival in pride is the Garou,
and we know better than to mar Gaia's flesh. Instead, we
record our deeds in songs and ask that our descendants
remember us as well. The Get have common sense —
something that is lacking in our two-legged cousins


The World

The Get of Fenris are everywhere. Our tribe has expanded
far from our homelands, just as Fenris commanded. We have
made countless enemies along the way and few friends of any
notice. We are warriors first. In whatever land we came to,
we took up sword and shield to fight the taint of the Wyrm
before we settled down, many times angering the natives in
the process, as in the case of the Wendigo. Never ignore the
resentment of others, for not all believe in honorable com-
bat as a means to settle disputes. There are too many who
would poison a meal before they would offer you a chance to
explain your actions.

Asia

There are very few Get of Fenris in the Far East. We have
little need for lands so overpopulated by humans that the
Wyld cannot even hope to grow. Most in the East follow
philosophies that are simply too bizarre; they would rather
live in peace and study the way water falls from a tree's leaves
than know the satisfaction of a well-fought battle. These
places we leave to the Shadow Lords and the Stargazers.

There are many half-breeds in Asia, children of Get
heritage, but tainted, mating with the Kinfolk of the lesser
tribes. We will claim them if we must, but they are not true
Get. These are the children of the Apocalypse. Pity them,
for they will never know our glory.

The Middle East

There has never been a better place for us to hone our
combat skills. The people of the Middle East claim to hold
with the Asian philosophies, but they do not follow these
beliefs in the same way. They believe in settling disputes
with weapons and bloodshed. Unfortunately, their weapons
are often bombs, and they would shed the blood of innocents
on the street rather than meet their true enemy face-to-face.
They are much like the Fianna in this way: they aim to create
an example of their enemies, and often make claim to
actions that were not their own.

If you must go to the Middle East, do not take your Kinfolk
with you. Your enemies would use your family as a shield
while they attempt to stab you in the back. Better that you
train your Kinfolk well and trust them to defend themselves
in your homeland.

Australia

A fewofourtribe live in Australia, butthe landishostile,and
the Bunyip Garou — those weaklings who once held the
continent — are said to haunt the Umbra, troubling our
brethren in the Land Down Under with their vile mind games.
Donotbother trying tohelp this wasteland. It isnot worth the
trouble, for the land is far beyond our aid.

38 Get of Fenris

RET yy

Europe

This is our Homeland, and there are many Get who live
in the Old World still. All throughout Europe we have made
homes for ourselves and taught the weak to fear us. The
Black Forest, the hills, the valleys — all is ours. We could
rule the continent if we felt it necessary. But we must allow
other Garou here as well, for they would have no other place
if we did not tolerate their inept ways. Even so, we continue
to teach them lessons.

The northern parts of Italy still come into our territories,
despite the humans and their foolish border skirmishes. The
Black Furies loathe our existence on territory they claim
should belong to them, but the silly cows haven't the
strength to take the land away from us. We have let them
keep some part of their homeland, for we are not completely
without heart.

Great Britain

The British Isles have known us for a long time; to many,
the Isles are as much our Homeland as are the northern parts
of the continent. We share these lands with the Fianna, and
we often war with them. They call us usurpers. They are not
quite the warriors we are, nor are they worthy as comrades.
From time to time, it is a true pleasure to provoke them in
their constant cries for freedom from England. Still, their
Kinfolk take human politics too seriously, And they often
rebel against the rulers of their nation, the Kin of the Silver
Fangs. The Fianna would do well to listen to their superiors
for a change.

South America

This land reeks of the Wyrm's taint. The countries clash
constantly, and the lush forests of Gaia suffer as a result. The
humans have gotten out of control; Pentex rules the land,
stealing what should belong only to Gaia and converting
wonders of nature into more farmlands where they can raise
cattle. The Amazon Basin suffers while we continue to lead
the way in the war against Pentex, and we continue to lose
ground in this war. Surely this, as no other sign, indicates
that the final days are upon us.

You will likely be called upon to fight in the Amazon, and
you should feel honored if asked. You may expect glorious
battles indeed should you accept the offer.

Africa

The only good to come from the Second World War is
that our numbers in Africa were strengthened once again.
We are nowa force in South Africa. But there are places here
where the lesser races starve to death, and the bounty of Gaia
is only a remembered dream. The land dies; the deserts grow
stronger and devour the savannas and forests. This land is
both proud and sad, for the death of so many different species
is never a joyful event.


In the past, we often
joined the hunters,
downing an elephant or
facingoffagainstarhino. That

time is long gone, and now we must defend these weakened
species. Poachers, should you find them, must be hunted
down and destroyed

America

The Great American Melting Pot is over-full and reeks
with the scent of unwashed masses. Too many come from
other lands, far to the east, far to the south, trying to find a
better life. If they would concentrate on bettering their
stations in their own lands, perhaps ours would not be so
filthy

The liberal-minded have allowed the criminals back onto
the streets. Never has any land so desperately needed the
Get of Fenris. The Pure Ones have failed to keep their lands
pure, and so we have come to cut away the diseased flesh of
Gaia, and thus permit Her to regain Her strength.

There are many Garou from around the world here. They
will need us to teach them properly. Watch carefully for the
Garou who cannot hold their caerns, for they are many.
Already we have been forced to take control of several
caerns to ensure that they do not fall to the Wyrm. This has

Chapter Three: Eine Welt Fiir Nehmen

EE EE

made us enemies in several tribes — but that is a part of life
over which we have no control.

The Other Tribes
Che Black Furies

The Furiesarea proud tribe, and they have accomplished many
feats of which they should be proud. They fight almost as well as
men, and they ase theirlives upon the pursuit of(
But they are confused. They fight against us when they should
submittous. Thereisnohonorin denying the rightsof men torule
over women. Women need the leadership of men to keep them
strongin these last days. We have battled the Furies many times in
the past, and I suspect we shall continue tostruggle against chem

The Bone Gnawers

There is a rumor that the Gnawers once had Garou stock.
These days, they mate with dogs. That does not say much for
theirheritage, and itsays even less for their character. Ifthere
werenohumansavailable, would they mate with gorillas? Then
again, if they mated with gorillas, perhaps they would have
backbones. [understand they lay claim to several members who
once were among the Get of Fenris; | do not believe that
nameless outcasts qualify for any other tribe. They may have

ia'shappiness.

39

L


them. I have never seen a more cowardly lot in my life, and I
would soonersee them slaughtered than sit by and watch them
mate with the Wyrm. They have no pride, no honor, and no
commonsense,

The Children of Gaia

They still insist on peace, when the final days are here. I
understand what the Children of Gaia are after, but I do not
believe all of the tribes can be united until they finally realize
that weare right, and that, with the Apocalypse soclose at hand,
fewotherscould even hope to lead the 13 tribesas well as wecan
But they ery for peace and insist that we allow the humans to
take what they need and doas they please, though itis obviously
the humans whoneed to be culled back the most. Ifthe time for
peace is ever going to come, the war must be taken care of first.

The Fianna

Why can't the Fianna understand that songs are only a
small part of our great heritage? They sing, they drink, they
fight and they mate. All the while, the Black Spiral Dancers
breathe down their necks and we must constantly protect
them from the threat of the Wyrm-Garou. Surely we could
just let them die, but the Isles are a part of our heritage, too,
and must be defended. The time for harps is long past. Let
them taste the savagery and pleasure of war. Then they shall
be worthy to fight alongside us.

The Glass Walkers

Asbest] can figure, the Glass Walkers believe in fighting fire
with fire. They believe that by conquering the cities, they can
somehow make the citiesa part of nature again. This is stupidity.
They stare into the Wyrm's mouth and call for bargains and
business proposals. The Glass Walkers are only steps away from
amerger with Pentex. If that should ever happen, they will be
destroyed. We have our sacred duties to perform, and if those
duties require us to kill the Glass Walkers before they can join
with the Black Spiral Dancers, then that is what we shall do.
There isno excuse for worshipping the Scabs. The only differ-
ence between the Walkersand the Gnawersis that the Gnawers
are more honest about their self-serving ways.

Red Talons

The Talonsare powerful warriors, and worthy of ourrespect.
Itsaddensme to think that we musteventually sing theirfuneral
dirge, for they are surely the least in number ofall the tribes, and
the most set in their ways. Still, I believe they could make a
difference, ifonly the Concord were notin their way. Acknowl-
edge that the Talonsare ourallies,andhelp them when youcan,
but know that they are secondary tous. They are toostubborn
and foolish to realize that if they would simply join forces with
us, we could rule the 13 tribes with ease.

Shadow Lords

Do not trust the Lords, for they are back-stabbers and
moneylenders. There are many among the Get who claim
that the Shadow Lords will offer aid only if there will be a
greater profit for themselves in the long run, Be wary of the
Lords; always remember that they would sooner see you dead
and buried than allow you the right to speak your mind. They
would battle the Wyrm with words, while they manipulate
others to do their fighting for them. Beneath their pompous
aits and manipulative schemes, the Shadow Lords are cow-
ards. The Get of Fenris have no need for cowardly allies.

Che Silent Striders

The Striders came from the deserts and bear many fea-
tures in common with the jackal. They are wanderers and
vagabonds, and almost as solitary as the ronin. What is it
they seek? What is it they run from? I do not feel that they
can be trusted. Fight with them, but do not live with them
They come fromall races of humans, and they are indiscrimi-
nate in their mating habits. How can they be trusted when
they have no true heritage?

Che Silver Fangs

The Silver Fangs were once almost as great as we are, but
they no longer recognize the urgency of the war. Do as the
Fangs request, for only by watching them carefully can we


SSS
RAY

WSs
SS
\
RN

SS
AN

WSS
NS
ANS

OOOONe

AN

Vw

NS
NS

determine when they are no longer fit to rule the tribes. They
have attempted to lead the humans over the centuries, and
we can see how poorly they have handled that situation.
Watch them carefully, for the Silver Fangs are going mad,
and must not be allowed to bring us to our knees. The Garou
deserve better.

Many of the Get in Europe do not see that the Silver Fangs
are insane. They want only to believe that the Fangs are their
natural leaders. Do not fall into this pit of folly. The Get
must be the ones who lead the Garou. Let the Fangs play
their tricks with the humans and leave the Get to handle the
war that must be fought.

We shall follow the Silver Fangs, we shall listen to their
commands and obey their orders for now. But we will make
certain that they do not lead us to the Wyrm

Che Stargazers

What do they seek in the night? The Stargazers look into
the depths of the stars for answers that do not exist. They
spend too much time staring into space and trying to solve
meaningless puzzles, thus managing little in the war against
the Wyrm. While I have seen a few who could fight, most
look as if they are three -quarters asleep, and all too ready to
ask questions of the Jormangundr Itself if they believe the
Wyrm can answer their petty riddles.

Evaluate each of the Stargazers individually — much as
with the Silent Striders — for they are very independent,
and each one follows his own beliefs. They can fight, and I

wish they would, because we cannot do everything.

Che Uktena

Ido not trust the Pure Ones, and I especially do not trust
these shamans. They are both secretive and paranoid; they
look for the Wyrm in places where the rocks are set just so,
or where the wind blows too cold. They try to placate the
Wyrm rather than doing battle against it. Also, they whine
too much, crying that their lands would still be pure if not for
our coming here. They would rather smoke their sacred pot
and eat their sacred peyote than fight in our sacred war
against Gaia's enemies. Medicine men have their place, but
a whole tribe ofthem?No, they are weak and try to hide their
weakness behind ceremonies that are ineffectual at best

The Wendigo

There are too many of these slovenly neat-warriors. They
dress themselves in feathers and claim that they kept the
Pure Lands free of corruption, but I notice they fell quickly
enough when real Garou showed up. They sit on their
reservations, drinking whiskey and whining about how
poorly they've been treated, all the while swearing ven:
geance against us all. We have nothing to fear from these
fools; they have already lost the war. Like the rednecks in the
Southern states, they insist in their pride that they have only
lost a battle. But it is not the Get of Fenris who now live in
the deserts, feeding off lizards.

These Wendigo crawl with their tails between their legs
and whine at the government, claiming that we have taken
away what is theirs by right. I say let them take it back if they
can; I have long grown tired of their sniveling. The only
difference between the Bone Gnawers and the Wendigo is
that the Bone Gnawers will openly confess to their coward:
ice. The Wendigo claim to mourn the loss of the Croatan
tribe, and I believe they do. But at least the Croatan died
with honor. The Wendigo no longer have any dignity

Enemies

The wails of a lifetime were gathered in that train whistle from
other nights in other slumbering years; the howls of moon:
dreamed dogs, the sleep of river-cold winds through January porch
screens which stopped the blood, a thousand fire-sirens weeping,
or worse! the out-gone shreds of breath, the protests of a billion
people dead or dying, not wanting to be dead, their groans, their
sighing, burst over the earth!

~ Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This W:

There are other creatures just as proud as the humans, and
almost as deadly in their ways. They, like us, do their best to
hide their existence, and like us, they do this to maintain
security. They do not fear the humans, just as we do not fear
them. Instead, they respect the weapons the humans have

Comes

Chapter Three: Eine Welt F iir Nehmen 41


a AA

created, and acknowledge that mankind must have his false
pride, or he will surely burn off the very flesh of Gaia. They
are a sad lot, but they are also deadly. You should know
something of these creatures, for you will surely meet them
Their goals often come into conflict with our own. Above all
else, know your enemy.

The Draugar — Undead

ampires are real. They come out at night to feed upon
the blood of the innocent. They have the power to confuse
their victims, to make their victims believe they enjoy being
fed upon. Should you meet one of the undead, do not be
misled by its weak appearance, for many vampires are often
older than the United States Government, and in some
cases older than the Church. Do not trust them.

You may run across one whom you feel is trustworthy, for
she will not smell of the Wyrm and she will tell you of the
horrible life she leads, forever banished from the sunlight.
She may even look like someone you once knew, and she
may share with you her memories of easier times. Itis all allie.

If you must deal with these creatures in times of war, then
do so, but be prepared to rip the hearts from their lifeless
bodies when the time comes.

Vampires have family units. When they come across a
human who suits their needs, they force him to join with
them in their mockery of life. There are dozens of these
family units, each answering ultimately to the greatest of
vampires. You would think that with such a system, they
could have taken over the world by now. In truth, they are
divided by petty conflicts, stabbing each other in the back
and stealing blood from one another.

There are a few, called the Gangrel, whom you may trust
briefly. Never give them the location of a caern, or let them
know where you live among the humans, but you may rely on
them in times of war. They are much like the Shadow Lords:
truly trustworthy only when they are asleep. Still, they have
their uses. If given a choice, however, kill them on sight

Gandwere — Mages

Mages are humans who have learned the secrets of magic
Though, most work with the Weaver, some will ally them-
selves with the Wyld, and others with the Wyrm. A few of
the mages could potentially become our allies, but most are
a threat to Gaia and to our way of life. There are many who
try to make themselves into machines and then hide this fact
with false skins; they are much like the Glass Walkers. Gears
and wires do not make a better Garou, nor do they make a
better human. It was the Weaver's capture of the Wyrm that
started this whole mess in the first place.

Stay away from the mages. Work with them if you must,
bur do not trust them. They must each earn your trust
individually, for they have no true heritage or lineage on
which to rely. Do not trust those who work for the Weaver,
and kill the ones who in league with the Wyrm.

42

17
Albian


Haug-Bui — Wraiths

Everyone dies. Sometimes, they come back from death.
Do not be afraid of the wraiths, for they are only wretched
souls who have lost their way, or were not worthy of a place
in the afterlife. Many Vikings fell in fields of battle. Those
who were strong and worthy went to Valhalla. Those who
were weak became ghosts who still haunt the world.

We believe that it is those humans who are weak in will
and determination who become wraiths. We cannot hope to
kill the wraiths, for they are already dead. Instead, leave
them to their own. They suffer as few have suffered, for they
cannot find Valhalla.

aa

The Faerie

‘We have a long history with the faerie. To some, we have
sworn oaths of alliance. The Dvergar — the Dwarves — are
our friends. The Jotunns — the Giants — and the Trolls are
our sworn enemies. Do not take any action against a faerie
until you know for certain that he intends to do you harm.
Most of them share our love of Gaia, and for that reason
alone, they should be treated with respect. While you may
work with the changelings, do not expect straight answers to
any questions you may ask. They are like the spirits; their
motives are too alien for us to understand.

Chapter Three: Eine Welt F iir Nehmen 43

nntieiemey //


Cribal Weaknesses
(Optional)

‘An optional rule was introduced in the first of the
Werewolf Tribebooks: tribal weaknesses. These are quirks
each member of a particular tribe possesses, usually due to
the social or even genetic nature of a tribe. Weaknesses
should not always be enforced. There are some situations
where a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher difficulty on
Social rolls. These situations may be rare, but they can occur.
For instance, Black Furies suffer from an inborn anger
against men, but a Black Fury may not feel anger towards a
man with whom she has a trusting relationship.

It is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
appropriate situation occurs in the game. A player may be
unwilling to remind a Storyteller that her Uktena's curiosity
will get her into trouble

Get of Fenris Weakness

Intolerance

Each Get of Fenris has one thing that she will not tolerate.
Ifa situation arises in which this object of contempt is near,
she will be unable to endure its presence and will do every-
thing in her power to rid herself of the annoyance. If this
object of intolerance is a fellow Garou, then woe unto

him.

Appendix One: Seidar

EE ET areca 7,

The player may either define a specific Intolerance for her
character (with the Storyteller's approval) or choose from
the list below. Wyrm creatures may not be chosen —all Get
are expected to hate such monstrosities as a matter of course,

* Cowardice — You hate cowardice in all its forms,
whether it is fear of the battlefield or fear to stand up to
others in social situations. You openly scorn those you deem
cowardly. If you ever go into a fox frenzy, you will turn your
hate inward, and must do everything possible to make up for
your act of cowardice, becoming quite reckless in the pro-
cess.

* Compromise — You hate to compromise; you view this
asa tactic for those who are not strong enough to get their
way. You scorn those who use compromise as a means to
settle disputes (such as the Glass Walkers and the Children
of Gaia), and you yourself will never compromise in a
situation. Your way must be enforced. Ifa leader forces you
to compromise, that is acceptable, but you will begin to
doubt that leader's ability to rule.

* Lower Animals — You have only contempt for crea-
tures lower than you on the food chain. Such creatures are
meant to be kicked around by your kind. This includes
humans and even wolves. While you believe it is your duty


to defend them toa degree (such is Gaia's will), you will not
accept condescension or insubordination from them. A
grave insult from a human is enough to drive you to frenzy.

* Peaceniks — You despise those who speak of peace
when war is the proper response. War tempers the warrior
and prepares him to fight against the Wyrm as the Apoca-
lypse approaches. Yes, there are times for peace, but when
attacked, you must strike back. Never turn the other cheek.

© Weakness — You hate weakness in others, whether it
isa lack of physical strength or a lack of backbone. You will
openly scorn those you deem weak and will never tolerate
such qualities in yourself. You can only be merciful when
there is a risk involved, a chance that it could lead to danger;
otherwise, mercy is the hallmark of those too weak to punish
criminals (whether they are servants of the Wyrm or Garou).

© Weaver Stuff — You hate all things of the Weaver,
especially technology. You may even feel that Klaives bear
too much of her taint; only claws and fangs would then be
pure enough. You especially despise the Glass Walkers and
all Urrah. You must never willingly use technology when
more traditional means will do.

Merits and Flaws

Alcohol Tolerance (1 pt. Physical
Merit)

With a successful Stamina roll (difficulty 5), a Garou with
this Merit can shake off the effects of intoxication, suffering
no coordination penalties that might normally affect a
drunken fighter. This Merit also works against all natural
intoxicants, though not against poisons. It will also take a
Garou with this Tolerance longer to get drunk.

Mixed Heritage (1 to 2 pt. Social
Flaw)

Get of obviously mixed heritage are scorned by others.
They are less likely to be accepted, must work harder to gain
Renown (atthe Storyteller's discretion) and are often treated
as poorly as metis by the more militant members of their
tribe. The Get suffers penalties on all Social rolls with Get
of Fenris (+1 difficulty with 1 pr. Flaw; -1 die with 2 pr.
Flaw). Note: This Flaw does not affect the Pure Breed
Background

Physically Impressive (2 pt. Physical
Merit)

‘A Garou with this Merit can add one die to all Social rolls
that involve intimidation. The Get appears dangerous both
in outward demeanor and in physical bearing, and exudes a
confidence that assists in impressing opponents.

Gifts

© Troll Skin (Level Two) —With this Gift, a Garou can
make her skin grow tough and thick, covered with warty
knots of hard, armored flesh. This Gift is taught by an Earth
Elemental.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Primal-Urge (difficulty 7). For each success, the
Garou receives one extra die on her soak roll. This Gift does
hot protect against fire or silver, and lasts for one scene.
However, when embued with Troll Skin, the Garou is +1
difficulty on Social rolls due to the ugly skin and its accom-
panying smell.

© Wearing the Bear Shirt (Level Two) — Whena Garou
with this Gift frenzies, he will always enter a berserk frenzy,
never a fox frenzy. This Gift is taught by a Bear-spirit

System: No roll is required; once this Gift is learned, the
effects are automatic. In addition, the Garou can make a

Willpower roll to resist any Gifts, Disciplines, Arcanos or
other powers that incite fear, even if a resistance roll is
normally not allowed.

* Endurance of Heimdall (Level Five) — This powerful
Gift grants the Garou great endurance and hardiness for a
time. This Gift is taught by a Boar-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Willpower (difficulty 6). If successful, the Garou's Stamina
rating is doubled for the duration of the scene. This will aid
Stamina and Soak rolls.

© Strength of the Einherjar (Level Five) — This Gift
allows a Get to call upon his greatest ancestors, the heroes of
Valhalla, the Einherjar, for assistance. It is only used in dire
situations, when the lives of more than one Garou are
endangered. Calling on the strength of the Einherjar allows
a Get to increase his Attributes substantially for a limited
time. The Einherjar come to the aid of a Get only in times
of great peril, and punish any Get who attempts to call on
them without need. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-
spirit

System: Only Get with at least one dot in the Past Life
Background may learn this Gift. The Get spends one Rage
point and rolls Charisma + Rituals (difficulty 10); she may
subtract one from the difficulty for every dot she has in Past
Life. During the casting of this Gift, she must carve the

Appendix One: Seidar 47

A we


|

specific runes of her ancestors into her flesh. For each
success, she may add one dot to any Attribute, or distribute
the dots to different Attributes.

If the Storyteller believes this Gift has been used inappro-
priately, the Einherjar will still give assistance, but then turn
on their descendant, permanently removing a number of
Attribute dots equal to those they granted. They will show
no mercy.

* Call Great Fenris (Level Six) — The Get may
summon a spirit avatar of Fenris Wolf. The avatar will assist
in combat, slaying all who are not Get of Fenris or under
their protection. There is always a sacrifice demanded in
return, traditionally the right hand of the summoner. Once
Fenris has claimed the hand, it does not regenerate. If there
is not a good reason for calling the avatar, or the summoner
will be devoured whole, This Gift is taught by a wolf spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Occult (difficulty 6). The summoner perma-
nently loses one Health Level as his right hand is bitten off
by Fenris in return for daring to summon him. See the sidebar
for the Fenris avatar's Traits.

Che Spirit Avatar of Fenris
Wolf

The avatar, of Great,Fenris appears as an enormous.
wolf; 10;feet.tall at theshoulder. His eyés burn with rage
and /his jaws drip-with'the bl6od- Of countless jenenties,
His fur is brown with red and black markings. The avatat
‘of Fenris Gan run at upto 100 miles per hour, and never
seems to tire,

Willpower 10, Rage 10) Gnosis '8, Power 75

‘Charms: Airt, Sense, Materialize (Power cost |40;
Strength 10;Dexterity,7, Stamina 10;Brawl-5 Dodge 35
Claws:/ Str + 3, Fangs:\Str + 4) Health "15),! Reform,
Tracking

Get of Fenris Ragabash (Rotagar)

* Loki's Touch (Level Three) —This Gift is rare among
the Get of Fenris, but the Rotagar often find it necessary to
cool the rages of their comrades. With just a touch, the
Garou may cause a target to go into uncontrollable fits of
laughter or simply to have a better sense of humor. This Gift
is taught by any Trickster spirit (most often Ratatosk, the
Squirrel).

System: The Garou must touch an opponent and roll
Manipulation + Empathy (difficulty equal to the Rage plus
the Rank of the target; maximum difficulty of 10). The fits
of laughter will last for one round per success, during which
time the target may not take any offensive action, although
he may defend himself if attacked.

48 Get of Fenris

Og A i yf

Ymir's Sweat Gift

* Call of the Early Frost (Level Three) — Per the Level
Three Wendigo Gift. Only members of the Ymir's Sweat
bloodline (if they truly exist) may learn this Gift.

Rites

The rites of the Get of Fenris are bloody, savage affairs,
few are ever performed without retribution or punishment in
mind.

Rite of Heritage (Level One Renown)

This rite reveals the lineage of a Get, often allowing
rival's numerous claims of poor breeding to be disproved
without resulting in a bloodbath.

ite of Rune Carving (Level One
Mystical)

The Theurges (Godi) of the Get of Fenris are
on to respect and appreciate the power of run
allows them to carve the runes that they can later cast. The
runes must be carved into the bones of enemies slain in
battle and, once dedicated, may never be lost by the Get.
(See the Rite of Rune Casting, below.)

Rite of War (Level Two Renown)

An Ahroun must successfully complete a vigorous series of
trials before she is allowed to become Rank Two, regardless of
whatshe may already have accomplished. During thisrite, she
may use no weapons except her natural body, and she must
battle with two more Ahroun, both of whom are armed with
silver. Thescarsachieved during the riteare then painted with
dyes made from various plants, and become permanent remind-
ers of the Ahroun''s success. This rite is ceremonial in nature,
and simply marks the successes of the Get as a warrior.

Rite of Challenge (Level Three
Renown)

This long riteisa formal challenge for leadership of the sept
and may only be performed at formal moots. The challenger
must step forward and recite his full lineage, announcing the
proud heredity that permitshim tocall forbattle. He mustalso
call out the reasons for his challenge, and make a formal
accusation against the present Jarl. The Jarl may not refuse this
challenge. No weapons may be used in the ensuing combat.

Rite of the Lodge House ( Level Three
Mystical)

This powerful rite is performed atall formal moots, and works
to soothe the Rage within all Get of Fenris. Once this ritehas
been performed, any Get within the lodge are supernaturally
calm, and all Rage rolls have a difficulty of 9. They are thus
capable of rational thought and reasonable discourse.

ght early
. This rite


a 2A

ite of Rune Casting ( Level Three
Mystical)

The Theurges use this rite to cast and understand the
meaning runes. The Storyteller is encouraged to come up
with exactly how much or how little of the future can be
interpreted by the casting of the runes. The answers should
always be vague, but accurate enough to give hints

Rite of Conquest (Level Five
Mystical)

This rite is performed whenever one Jarl has defeated an-
other. The riteacknowledges the history of both the fallen Jar!
and the new Jarl, andisactually more ceremonial than mystical
The heart of the slain Jarl must be consumed by the new Jarl,
whosymbolically gains the wisdom to rule hissept properly. In
the case ofthe World-Jarl, the leader ofall the Getof Fenris, the
symbolic act is accompanied by the actual knowledge of the
predecessor's Gifts. This rite ensures that Get of Fenris leaders
will always be strong. The possessions of Jarls defeated in
combat are turned over to the new Jarl, but any relatives who
have a claim on the fetishes and weapons may challenge the
new Jarl for the right to keep them.

Fetishes
Dagger of Retribution

Level 2, Gnosis 5

This fetish allows a Garou to know who has stolen a prized
possession. Whileconcentratingon thestolenitem, theGaroumust
hold the omate dagger forward and follow the gentle tugsit gives
untilitreachesitsmark. Thefetish inflictsStrengthdamage, butthe
difficulty tohitisonly5.

The runes (Futhark):

 guanttes
efter oe

Hammer of Thor

Level 5, Gnosis 5

These hammers are forged from silver-laced iron and cooled
in the blood of freshly-slain enemies. Each hammer inflicts
Strength +3 damage and causes aggravated wounds. As with
Thor'shammer, Mjolnir,ahammeralwaysretumsto itsrightful
owner. There are seven of these hammers, and most are in the
hands of the Jarls of various powerful septs. Killing blows from

Appendix One: Seidar 49

\ wal

a AA

these weapons send out a powerful thunderclap; this does no
damage, but announces to everyone in the vicinity thatafoehas
fallen:

Shield of Heimoall

Level 5, Gnosis 8

This small wooden token, shaped like a shield, is worn
around theneck. Whenactivated, theshieldadds +5 dice tothe
wearer'ssoak roll, but only against cowardly attacks. Only one
opponentperround will haveadirectshot at the wearer; forall
other attacks, from behind or from cover, the wearer receives
the +5 soak dice.

Wotan's Spear (Gungnir)

Level 5, Gnosis 7

Thispowerfulspearcausesaggravated damage, and will only
harmminionsof the Wyrm. The bearerof thisspear may use the
Gift: Sense Wyrm. Ifa foecan be seen, itcan be hit, forthe spear
suffersnorange penalties. The speardoes Strength + 5 damage.
There are two known in existence.

Cotems

(See also Chapter Two)

Totems of War
Boar

Background Cost: 5

The savage and powerful boar is feared by many hunters.
With its ferocity and anger, it will fight long after weaker
warriors fall in battle. Many combative young packs choose
Boar as their totem.

Traits: Boar gives his Children an extra point of Stamina
and Brawl 2

Ban: Children of Boar must ne

Fenris Wolf

See Werewolf: The Apocalypse Second Edition rulebook,
p. 262.

Totems of Wisdom
Hrafn, the Raven

Background Cost: 5

Hrafn is a Trickster-spirit favored by many lupus. He plays
with theitcubsand teases the yearlingsand adults. He isalways
hungry; in fact, he is the hungriest of all the totem creatures.
Hrafn often leads wolves to prey, but lacks the strength to kill

er hunt or eat boars.

50 Get of Fenris

———— a SS

the animal himself. He feeds upon what is left after the wolves
are finished with the carcass. He is also a totem of wealth. He
makes sure the wolves want for nothing and always have the
resources they need.

Traits: Hrafn teaches his Children Survival 3, Subter-
fuge 1 and Enigmas 1. Each pack member gains a bonus of
one temporary Wisdom point. Children of the Raven are
favored by the Corax wereravens.

Ban: Hrafn asks that its Children carry no wealth, instead
trusting in Hrafn to provide.

Ratatosk

Background Cost: 4

Ratatosk sees and hears all from his secret pathways up
and down the trunk of the World Tree. While he is small and
puny, he knows much and teaches his Children craftiness.

Traits: Children of Ratatosk learn Subterfuge 2 and three
dots in any Knowledges of their choice (Lupus characters
can even choose Knowledges normally restricted to them).
Children of Ratatosk will always gain one fewer Honor
Renown point than usual (they must gain at least two points
on any occasion to get one), but they get an extra point of
Wisdom Renown every time they earn Wisdom (Storyteller's
discretion.)

Ban: Children of Ratatosk become skittish and jumpy.
They will always enter a fox frenzy rather than a berserk, and
they may not learn the Gift: Wearing the Bear Shirt.


The Old Norse word for wolf, vargr, beiti@also the egal

term for outlaw.

—Adam Douglas, The Beast Within: A History of the

Werewolf

To the lastftuman or wolfamong them,théGeearétough
and mean as hell. But while they may seem culturally and
behaviorally homogenous to outsiders, they actually hold

Many individual beliefs. Get can be warriors, wise thanes,
stern shamans of fifty (and cruel) tricksters.

51

Judge, Jury and
Executioner

Quote: Excuse me, I think you left this noose behind when
you murdered that little girl. (Snarl) I thought you might like it
back, you twisted sonova...

Prelude: You grew up in the city, more often than not left
to your own devices, as both of your parents were forced to
work. By the time you were 10, you had been in trouble with
the law several times for boosting cars and even for shoplift-
ing. You tried dealing drugs once, for the easy money, but the
desperate look on the junkies' faces led you to change your
mind. It just wasn't worth the fast cash to do that to
someone. I , you drifted into the neighborhood protec-
tion group as you grew older. Your First Change happened
when you were 15. By that time, you had developed a
reputation for reporting crimes to the cops. They no.
longer thought of you as a threat, but as an
ally.

After your Rite of Passage, you took
the action to a new level. Now, you
locate the criminals who prey upon.
your neighbors and teach them a
harsh lesson about civic respon-
sibility. Your prey rarely
lives long enough to
forget the experi-

ence.

Concept: You are
now a beat cop, work
ing the worst parts of
the city to hunt down.
the sleaziest individuals
and the most corrupt
gangs. You try to avoid
being seen too often in
action; if you are seen, this
might come back to haunt
your Kinfolk.

Roleplaying Hints: You
know the language and the
rituals of the streets. You also
know where you can get informa-
tion with little more than a veiled
threat. Youalways play by the book
when on duty, and you lead by
example as a responsible mem-
berof the community. But when
nightfalls, the game begins. You
love the smell of fear on your
victims and you love the taste
of blood on your fangs. You are
afriendl
savage, merciless Garou.

cheerful man, and a

Equipment: Ratty street clothes, various confiscated weap-
ons, used to hide the true cause of death, handcuffs, nonde-
script car, donuts and cof-
fee

A

AY

RNAI

NW

i = OF Fuws sak

Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Cam; Hand of Tyr Concept: arg gatay Jury & Executioner ‘gy
Physical Social ie ia
Strength 00 Charisma_ e000 Perception e0000
Dexterity @0. Manipulation. 0000 _ Intelligence
Stamina. Appearance_____—— @@®000 Wits.
—~ws % Abilities emacs
Calents ills Knowledges
Alertness, @0000 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. @0000
Athletics. 000 Drive_ 0000 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl 000 Etiquette 0000 Investigation, @000
Dodge__________eeooo S @@000 0000
Empathy ___o0000 0000 00000
Expression___9 0000 0000 0000
Intimidation. @@000 00000 Occult, 00000
Primal-Urge 00000. Repair. 0000 __ Politics 66008
Streetwise. @0000 Stealth, 0000 Ritual 00000
Subterfuge. 90000 Survival ooo Scien S6006
; Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies ©0000 Blur of the Milky Eye
Kinfolk e0e000 Resist Pain
Resources e@0000. ~—_ Fersuasgion
00000
00000
ff ammo remanent Loner
ein Pe Sm aa AOA Rage mmo mem / He tly mmo
Glory Bruised Qa
22 20999.9,.0.9 ae he he Pa:
Hae. Injured 3 8
——— js wens
eco0000000 7 Gnosis Verne 2 =
U e@eee000000 SO ma 2
Gapped 25 O
3 ° Incapacitated =O
= Willpower -—Aa~ wenn Weakness aimee
INTOLERANCE:
ay Rake man srw e@eeeee0000
Yo Rank Criminals
Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

en et

(G aern G ua roi an Roleplaying Hints: You seldom lose your temper, but you

never back down from an argument with some city fool who
wants to give you grief, You try to be friendly, but
are also very firm in the rules you set down. Ifa
potential troublemaker comes to the park,
you ask him to leave, and ifhe declines, you
teach him the error of his ways.
Metis Deformity: Club
foot. You can only run at half
the normal speed.
Equipment: Jeep,
ranger's uniform,
two-way radio, por-
table fire extin-
guisher

Quote: Little far from home, aren't you? Looks like the
park's pretty full up today. Why don't you get back in
your car and leave before things get ugly?

Prelude: You were born different from others,
less than perfect in the eyes of your
people. Despite your deformity,

your people still gave you affec-
tion as a child and helped you
to overcome your physical limi-
tations. While it's true they often made life hard
for you, never letting you favor your club foot,
they instilled in you a sense of pride in your
worth, and gav
self. You have always lived in the country,
surrounded by the sounds of the natu-
ral world. As time went on, you
moved closer to the periphery of
the human world. Now you work
asa park ranger and make certain
that no one defiles the haven of
Gaia. You take your duties seriously,
as you are also the first defense of the
caern in times of danger.

you the chance to prove your-

Concept: Your love of the Wyld is
strong, and when it is mistreated your
anger is ferocious. You still live near
the woods, working as a park ranger
and as a guardian of the caern. You do
not ask questions more than once,
and you enforce the rules
about campsite safety
with an iron fist.

i

54


——

me OF Fuws-~

Name: Breed: Metis Pack Name:

Player: ee Theurge Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Cam; a Caern Guardian
Physical Social Mental

Strength, eo Charisma e000 Perception.

Dexterity. 00 Manipulation, e000 Intelligence
Stamina____ee@eoo _ Appearance___eeooo Wits

re LK & Abilities sonacae mre outer

Calents ills Knowledges

Alert e000 ~— Animal Ken, 0000 © Computer c0000
Athl e000 Drive. @0000 Enigmas__ 000
Brawl. Etiquette. 00000 Investigation___e0000
Dodge. Firearms Scoble 0000
Empathy. Leadership 90000 Linguistis__ 90000
Expression, Melee HOOOS aM edicine SEAS. SG R50
Intimidation, Performance. 0000. Occult oo
Primal-Urge. Repair 0000 Politics 050
Streetwise. Stealth. 0000 Rituals. ee@00
Subterfuge ooo0e Survival 0000 Science Ae
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Totem e30e0e00 §=—_Sense Wyrm
Fast Life @@000 Spirit Speech
00000 Razor Claws
00000
00000
——="Renown aw AY Rage mnm—Ponirw one Health am
Glory Bruised Oo
@e@e@oee@eeoo0o0dod oul
0000000000 Noooo Hurt 40
7 ined et
0000000000 7 Gnosis a 2 =
J OUU eeeeev0000 NS
mee Cua. 4. 0
Incapacitaeed O

@e@eeo0o0o0agngngd
Ty "Willpower = ——=-—- Weakness aw

INTOLERANCE:
———- Rank oes @ © 0008 O000 See


Protector

Quote: Who the hell do you think you are? Don't feed me
that line of crap, I know you're lying!

Prelude: You were born and raised in a small town, where
traditional American values still held strong. You have
never wanted to live anywhere else. You have never really
experienced anything else. While you were growing up, life
was good and your problems were few. Your hardest task was
to make your siblings see reason when they started to fight
among themselves. When the time came for your First
Change, your aunt led you away from the town to explain
what you were about to go through. She talked you through
the Change, and then informed you of your new duties and
responsibilities.

Concept: You live much the same way that you did before
the Change. You have a job in a local furniture company,

one of the good ones that still makes all of their furniture by
hand, and you have finally come to the decision that the
small town is where you want to be forever. You are still
settling disputes, always trying to stop some fool from
smashing another fool's head in. The only thing your pack
ever seems toagree on is that the time has come to end the
reign of Jormangundr.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak loudly, but only when
necessary, You know that your words carry weight, but
you try not to abuse your position as a Keeper of the
Ways. Still, you absolutely hate liars and will go out of
your way to make them confess to their crimes, even if
you have to smash their skulls in to do it.

Equipment: Jeans, T-shirt, hand-made baseball bat,
workman's boots, and three six-packs every week


Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)
a CLS Es AN ep rey

= os J ENRIS

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Philodox Pack Tote
Chronicle: ae Concey eo
Physical Social Mental
Strength, 00 Charisma, Perception,
Dexterity. 00 Manipulation. Intelligence
Stamina. oe ae SS aia lly
Calents Knowledges
Alerness Animal aa Computer. 60000
Athletics. Drive. Enigmas. @e@000
Brawl Etiquette Investigation, $6000
Dodge. Firearms Law ee0o
Empathy. Leadership, Linguistics 00000
Expression Melee e000 ~~ Medicine. B6o08
Intimidation, Performance. eb000 . Oxailt Soouw
Primal-Urge Repair e00 Politics ss006
Streetwise Stealth BOG. 4, Ritual 0000
Subterfuge ooo00 Survival oo00o __ Stience sooee
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Kinfolk e@e000 = Ferguasion
Fast Life @0@000 Truth of Gaia
Resources eocco §=—_ Resist pain
00000
00000
"Renown =e A Rage mnie 4 Health Am
Glory Bruised a
@e@e@aeeeood0od mul
peeeeesads ooo oo Hurt 1 oO
Hee Injured 4. O
weer LY 5 mnmeeBlotnar
eee0000000 4 Gnosis Wounded 2 a
OOOUU oO e0e70e0e000000 pee 2
Wisdom Crippled 5 O
2290000999 Incapacitaed O
———-Willpower Ame = Weakness aw
INT! Be
——— Rank sate @ OO OOO O000 OEERANS
} Weaklings


Wyrm Hunter

Quote: Grrr... You stink like a corpse. Now you'll look like
one, too.

Prelude: Your life among the wolves was easy until the
humans started cutting down the forest where your family
had made their den. Three times you were forced to move
because of the foul scent that brought the felling of the trees

the odor of diesel fuel and machine oil.
When yousaw the
great metal-

lic beast that tore the
land apart, your First Change
assaulted you and you fell into a fit
of lunatic Rage. The humans with
their machines fell before your fury as eas
as the trees had fallen to their chain saws,

58

You were content for a time. But then the foul things
came, the Wyrmlings in their false human skins. They tore
up the woods and killed your family, and they would have
killed you, too, had not others like yourself shown up —
others who could change their shapes. Severely wounded,
you watched as the first other Garou you had ever seen
attacked and destroyed the Banes. Afterward, the Garou
patiently taught you their heritage, although you had no
desire to learn. When you became too aggressive toward your
teachers, they tore your fur to make their point. Eventually,
you learned your place in the pack, and were taught more

about the humans. You soon learned how to imitate
humans, and to like the taste of their flesh...
Concept: You spend your time in the woods near
the big Scab, and you hunt and kill those who
would destroy your home. You know the humans
have foul weapons that can hurt Gaia, and you
are determined to stop them before they put
them to use
Roleplaying Hints: If it's human, kill
it. Ifitis of G ect it. You do not
like the city, and you avoid it when
ever possible

Equipment: Claws, fangs anda
serious attitude problem. You keep
human clothes hidden away for
the times when you must go to
the city to hunt Wyrm crea-

tures.

, Fes


Bo Gee OF Fas ~

Name: Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Glorious Fist of Wotan Concept: Wyrm Hunter wv
! Physical Social Mental
Strength. fe) Charisma. @@000 Perception. Oe)
Dexterity 00. ~ Manipulation AOAOR incline 9 e0G0
Stamina_____ 00 Appearance________eeeoo  Wits__________eeooo
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, Animal Ken. @@000 Computer. —00000
Athletics. Drive. 00000 Enigmas. @000
Brawl. Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge Firearms BORO He, Law. BOGOG
Empathy. Leadership. 00000 _ Linguistics BOBO.
Expression, Melee. @e@000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, Performance 90000. Occult
A Primal-Urge Repair. 90000 __ Politics
Streetwise. Stealth, @@000 Rituals,
Subterfuge Survival eeeoo Science,
Backgrounds Gifts
Kinfolk ©0000 Heightened Sen
Pure Breed _eeoco Beast Speech
00000 Razor Claw:
00000
00000
"Renown aw we Y- Rage meow ene/ Health om
Glory Bruised Oo
0000.50.06 OO e © © 018. 070:079 =
O O OOO O a
Honor Injured 1 oO
AU js omnia
0.0 0.0 0 ooo aie Gnosis he ore =
WL e@e7eee200000 is
Crippled 5 O i
= Incapacitated O
"Willpower A "Weakness Am
INTOLERANCE:
o oe © Oo One Non-Kinfolk/Non-Garou
O00 OO


War Monger

Quote: Are you talkin' to
me? Come here, you little
shit! I've got something to
tell you. Hey, come back
here! I'm not done kill-
ing you yet!

Prelude: You
were never
happy with
second best.

All through

Little League,

you had to outdo the
around you. If
someone could run
faster, you practiced

to Golden Gloves Regional Champi-
onship. All while you were leamn-
ing the ways of the Get.

Bie Concept: You still strive to be
the best, and you're pretty
sure there aren't many who
can beat you ina fair fight.
Of course, not everyone
fights fairly, so you've
started learning a few
new tricks along those
lines, too.
Roleplaying
i You are ag-
ind unstop-
pable — at least in

other

your own eyes. You
always meet the en-
emies who face you on
their terms, whether you like
those terms or not. You prefer to

until you could beat
them. If someone
could take pain bet-
ter, you toughened
yourself and learned ! tp % SE weapons almost seems like cheat-

q AN ing. You live for the challenge
and the thrill of defeating your en-
MM} emies. Nothing pleases you more than
to hear your foes, crying for mercy
which you will not deliver.

use your hands in combat; use of

to thrive on pain. If
someone was a bet-
ter fighter, you
learned how to
break bones to make
your point. Then the
First Change came,
and everything just got
better. You could outrun
them all. You made star
quarterback in high
school. You even made it

Equipment: Shit-kicker boots,
Harley Davidson motorcycle, leather
jacket, chain, .357 Magnum with
spare clips, brass knuckles, big pig-
sticker knife, attitude

Z|
Zz

a a ce NN

—~ Cec 03) ENRIS

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Camp: Concept: War Monger
weer A Attributes ammmeeoatrnar
Physical Social Mental

Strength, ry Yo) Charisma, @00e00 Perception.
Dexterity, 00 Manipulation 0000 Intelligence
Stamina Appearance eeooo — Wits _________
—A Abi ilities omer riamreiratorsar
Calents ills Knowledges
Animal Ken, 00000 Computer. 00000
Drives = 90000) Enigmas_____00000
Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, @0000
Firearms eetoo, Law mais
Leadership, 0000 Linguistics OCOO
Expression, Melee. e0e00 Medicine anand
Intimidation, Performance S000. Cceule 00
Primal-Urge. Repair. e0000 Politics ae
Streetwise. Stealth, 00000 Rituals. 0000
Subterfuge oo00o Survival seco Sxienc
weer AS Advantages sana Eiraternar
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Kinfolk @0000 mell of Man
Pure Breed @0@0@00 Inspiration
00000 Razor Claws

00000
00000

————Renown enter woe Rage veeeemmlednsr — wmv / LH of fy omen lore

aay Bruised oO
@e00000000 one > eee eae aor ‘4
er eee 4
y ;
@000000000 4 Gnosis retina Wanted 2
at = @e@@eeo000000 gu 2
Crippled 5 O
Wisdom ooo ; ile
soeeeeeeds incapacitated
a ———- Willpower A ————— Weakness Pane

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

A fi at rs ene pene ens Age Af


Many Get of Fenris have had songs sung about them. In the future, many more.will be so temembered. The Gendo not
long tolerate cowards, nor dé they permit the weak or honorless to walk among ehiem, The following figures:ae examples for
all Get to follow, examples of the goals toward' whieh all Ger of Fenris musf strive:

Those Who Will: Fight at Ragnarok |
|

62 Get of Fenris


Brynhilo-Blood-Avenger

Brynhild lived in Scandinaviain the early 800s AD. Brynhild-
Blood-Avenger changed late in life.
knew that she had bred true. Brynhild was married to Jon, son
of Halthar, andshe gave him three strongsonsand two healthy
daughters. Their marriage was blessed.

When Brynhild's mother grew ill, she left her husband's
village and made her way to the town where her mother
lived: because her father had been killed in battle, there was
no one else to care for her. While she was away, the Trolls
came to her husband's village; when Brynhild returned
home after her mother's death, she found her husband and
sons dead, and her daughters missing. She underwent her
First Change as she stared at the rotting flesh that was all that
remained of Halthar.

With no training beyond that given to any Kinfolk,
Brynhild stalked the Trolls, running many leagues as a wolf,
and feeding off the land. Eventually, she came upon her
daughters, poorly used and discarded by the mon-
sters. She was proud to see their bloodied hands,
which spoke of a valiant fight. Nevertheless,
Brynhild was deeply saddened. For three fortnights, she
chased after the Trolls, speaking with the spirits and
learning what she could from Gaia.

ora time, no one even

Alongthe way, Brynhild foughtotherenemies:aservant
ofJormangundr who sought to seduce her to the ways ofthe
Wyrm, and three giants who sought to make her their wife
Allofthem ell toheranger. On the night before she found
her prey, Great Fenris approached, He asked her what
she wanted more than life itself. Brynhild didnot pause,
nor did she cower before the lord of wolves; she replied
with only a single word: "Revenge."

Satisfied with her answer, Fenris taught Brynhild
Gifts she could use in her battle against the murderers.
He granted her the Rage of a hundred warriors, and then
sent her on her way. By daybreak, she found the slayers of
her kin, 40 Trolls, all totaled. Armed with only her claws,
her fangs, and the Gifts of Fenris Wolf, Brynhild attacked
the forces that had killed her family. The Trolls fought with
silver and with vile poisons. They came at her in great
numbers. But still, Brynhild's Rage was too much for
them.

Gravely wounded from the fierce battle,
Brynhild removed the heads of her enemies and
carried them back to her husband's village.
There, she called for all to see that her family
had been avenged, When the Get came forth
from other villages, they took note of her
deed and named her Brynhild-Blood-
Avenger. Aftershe had been named, Brynhild
fell dead from her wounds. We sing her song
at the formal moots, for she has been a lesson
to us all. Nothing must stop us in our quest for
vengeance.

Gere-Hunts-The-Hunters


Stone-Fist-Thunderhowl

Stone-Fist led the Get of Fenris in their battle against the
Black Spiral Dancers in Britain. Although most of the lands
the Vikings invaded were pure, Great Britain had been
tainted by the Wyrm. The Fianna fought well, but they were
no match for the Dancers. And so what had started as a
simple conquest of new lands soon became a full-scale war,
Stone-Fist-Thunderhowl discovered strategic locations from
which the tribe could defend the lands against the Wyrm-
Wolves.

64 Get of Fenris

a a a iinieaameimiay //

In Ireland, he founded the town of Dublin to protect a
caern that was threatened with certain destruction, and in
England, he forced the Dancers back in a wave that freed a
great part of the country from the Wyrm's domination
Stone-Fist then carried the battle back to Scotland, where
he led a combined force of the more sensible Fianna and the
Get of Fenris, and destroyed the foul Kinfolk of the Dancers
wherever they tried to hide. He would have driven the Black
Spiral Dancers all the way to the sea, had the Fianna not
betrayed him and brought about his brutal murder.


Krieger isold,alupus who has battled against Jormangundr
for 80 years. Over the course of his life, he hasslain hundreds of
Wyrmlings; his body is now riddled with battle-scars. He has
sired many broods, and from most of these at least one pup has
bred true. Krieger movesacross the lands, teaching the ways of
the Get to all he meets, and reminding us that the Get must
respect Gaia andall of her creatures.

Duringthe Great Depression, Kriegerandhispack, the Bane
Breakers, foughtand defeated a powerful Bane leftover from the
times when only theso-called "Pure Ones" ruled the Americas
Wind Spear tore through the lands, bringing with it a Wyrm-
Storm known now as the Dust Bowl. Had not Krieger-Silver-
Mane-Tears-At-The-Heart-Of- The- Wyrm led hispackagainst
the great Bane, the farmlands would notbe here today. The great
Wyrmling slaughtered many Garou before the Bane Breakers
arrived. Kriegerused hispowerful ritualsto force the creature into
aslumber, and then heand hispack banished the Bane from the

Appendix Three: Hamarar Fenrar 65

LE EE ny

Krieger-Silver-Mane-Cears-At-The-Heart-OfF-The-Wyrm

land. Somesay ithasreturned to work itsevilin Africa, butthere
isno proof that this is the same servant of Jormangundr.

During the Great Moot of 1942, it was Krieger who forced
the issue of the great folly of the German Get who joined
with Hitler. Though, many opposed him, he won over the
majority with wise words. He challenged the few who would
not listen to his arguments for combat. All were defeated. He
spared them because they were of his own tribe, although
Krieger is not known for his mercy.

Kriegeris the greatest Getalive today. Respectand obey him,
forsurely he will beamong the leaders of our tribecome the final
days of Ragnarok. There are rumors that he is in Alaska, and it
is also rumored that he is in the Amazon. In truth, he is in the
Homeland preparing fora great concolation. In Krieger, we see
the ultimate example of Get ideals: He is wise, fair, deadly and
honorable. He knows when strength is the only answer. Buthe
also knows when tolerance for others is most effective.


Gere hunts in Alaska, He has declared open season on the wolf hunters. Gere believes in teaching his prey lessons: He has
recently taken to stripping the hunters he catches of all of their weapons and leaving them to survive alone in the frozen

tundra. If the hunters have actually killed any wolves, he __ selvesasthey walk back across the tundra. One has survived to
slices their hamstrings and dresses them in the fur of the _tellofhisexperiences, and he hassworn neveragain tohunt
animal they slaughtered — after re-
moving their tongues. Those who do
not bleed to death either starve, or
manage to get shot by other hunters.
If they have not actually killed any
wolves, he takes their shoes and cloth-
ing, and leaves them to fend for them-

wolves.

The Scab-Slasher has already made a name for himself as
a warrior and protector of Gaia. In the two years since he
earned his name, he has worked diligently to destroy all
attempts by big business to build in the areas outside of his
home city of Atlanta, Georgia. His terrorist activities have
many times delayed road construction work and the devel-
opment of new housing projects. More importantly, he has
increased the humans' fear by hunting down and mutilating
the worst Wyrm-corrupt beings in his territory.

Along with his multitribe pack, the Hammer of Justice,
Tor has slain numerous humans guilty of dealing drugs or
committing rape, murder or prostitution, He has made a
habit of tracking his enemies to their homes and ending their
miserable lives in ways that protect the Veil. Many of the
"domestic violence" cases that have come before the media
and the law in Atlanta have actually been the work of Scab-
Slasher and his pack, but their subtle approach and careful
manipulations have ensured that the Garou do not gain
unwanted attention.

Cor-Brundvandt-Scab-Slasher

One of Tor's favorite maneuvers is the deliberate derail-
ing of trains carrying important supplies for Pentex. There
are rumors that he has Kin working as low-level file clerks
and passing information to him at irregular intervals. The
number of accidental industrial spills on railroad lines is
second only to the number of tractor trailers that crash and
burn in his hometown.

Many believe that tornadoes in the areas surrounding
Atlanta aim for trailer parks, but the Get know better: Scab-
Slasher aims for trailer parks, specifically the ones known for
frequent drug transactions. His ability to make almost any
action seem as if it is simply the work of fate should be
commended. The time will come when the humans once
again know of our existence, but that time is not yet here,
and we could all learn a few lessons in strategy from Tor-
Brundvandt-Scab-Slasher. Violence is the way of the Ge
but that violence need not leave behind the shredded
remains of humans to fuel the Inquisition.

Atala, —
i
he


Only three years after his Rite of Passage, and already the
Wyrm-Crusher has made a reputation for himself. On the
West Coast he has battled against the Leeches, leading them
away from his family in Oxnard and taking them far into the
desert where none could see the carnage to come.

He has been seen running with his pack, the
Seven, in Arizona where they did battle against Black
Dancers, and in New Mexico where they fought valiancly
and killed three Thunderwyrms. He has been seen with the
remainder of his pack in Alabama, where he
battled against Pentex and destroyed a factory

Lars-Dandergot-Wyrm-Crusher

releasing Wyrm-ridden toys to unsuspecting humans. Most
recently, he has been spotted walking alone — for his pack
mates have all gone on to Valhalla — heading to the
Southwest, where he claims that the time has come to put an
end to the woes of Mexico City

Along the way he has found new members for his pack,
promising them greatglory anda properdeath.
Learn well from his example, for it is said
that he suffers from Harano. Even in
Harano he fights the Wyrm merci-

lessly.

Gre o J Engis"

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
alte — eee A, Z Attrib eam

— "74 Attributes vane Coraline

Physical Social Mental

Strength, @0000 Charisma, @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity, @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence_____eo0000
Stamina_______e0000 _ Appearance_____eoo000 _ Wits__________e0000

— ee eae

aed Abilities
Calents ills Knowledges

Alertness, 00000 Animal Ken 00000 _ Computer. 00000
Athletic 00000 Drive. —00000 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl 00000 Etiquette. 00000 _ Investigation. 90000
Dodge_______o0000 _ Firearms______oo000 Law__________00000
Empathy, 00000 __ Leadership 00000. Linguistics, SO0CR
Expression, 90000. Melee 00000 Medicine. GHOG0
Intimidation oo000 __ Performance 06000 Ocedle e000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair 00000 Politics 000
Streetwise SOGGO == Stet ogece OO Ria sODsU

Subterfuge. 00000. ~ Survival GaGoOOUSS C0060

Backgrounds Gifts Gilts

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Sahin em iarae aie mY Rage note ween // Health A

qd .
0,290,050, 9.9 OF0-6 "0 O70 O70 2 ig =
He Injured 3 0
SOO OOOO OOO TT Wounded 2 O
UO 0000000000 Mauled = 2 O
Wisdom Crippled 5 O
90000000000 Incapacitated =O

"Willpower Ame === Weakness aw
INTOLERANCE:

3/95. Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

A aie oeaeecaaeameensiaes


—_
Ci "Gece 0+ Pinas ay

—-Homid— —-Glabr 0 = Crinose— ———Hispom ee Lupus

Dexterity (#2) Dexterity (2)___
Staniftia (+3)_s_ Stamina (#2)
Manipulétion (3) 2 Manipulation (3)__

Difficulty: 7 Difficulty

NCITE DELIRIUM
ROMANS

Item: (Dedicated Level Gnosis
Power.

00000
OOOO0O
00000
OOOO0O
00000
OO0000
OO0000
00000
OO0000
OO0000
00000
OO0000
OO0000
O0000
00000
00000
OO0000
OO0000
ott 1s tt OOOOO

~reerrmerce  LABe: Combat wrmerem nance Loaner

Brawling Chart
Maneuver Roll Difficulty Damage

Bite Dex+ Brawl 5. Strength #1

Item: (Dedicated Level Gnosis
Power,

Item: (Dedicated Level Gnosis
Power.

Item: ODedicated Level Gnosis

Power.

wruermerien  Sfbin Rite § weamem rence Lnaomar

ea erensarsnn cc asmasian Atenas,

BodySlam Dex+ Brawl 7
cl Dex+ Brawl 6
Grapple Dex + Brawl 6
Kick ri 7
Punch 6

Ser€higth (+3). Strength (+1)__

wen Other Traits mw — AL Fetishes mmeramameLratenar
|

ere


=~ Ge on Fi nas AS

Nature: Demeanor: [3
reece es Merits & Flaws momar
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus
women Expanded B ackground vtec ce Lorn
Allies Pure Breed
Kinfolk Past Life
Resources Pack Totem
weurrmanianal Z, Possessions sna fndemar wore Ly Experience smnaretlndinar
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:
warmer vel Lf. Sept wensearnmret mar
Name TOTAL SPENT:
Caern Location Spent On:
Level Type
Leader.

ee ee

i Bec OF *Feias A

Ze

Nationality.
Sex.

Height) Weight
Homid Battle Scars

weer ALS (Description emma Cionationar

Glabro.
Crinos
Hispo

| Lupus + Metis Deformity
Oe

Pack Chart Character Sketch

A et a mf