# File: Ghost Towns.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Nancy Amboy, Andrew Bates, Richard E.
Dansky, Steve Miller, Derek Pearcy, Ethan
Skemp, John Wick and Fred Yelk

HESS


Credits

Authors: Nancy Amboy, Andrew Bates, Richard E.

Dansky, Steve Miller, Derek Pearcy, Ethan Skemp,
John Wick and Fred Yelk

Developers: Justin Achilli and Richard E. Dansky

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout & Typesetting: Robby Poore

Interior Art: Ron Brown, Tom Fowler, Scott Fischer,
Darren Frydendall, Jeff Parker, Shea Anton Pensa, Matt
Roach

Front Cover Art: Andrew Robinson

Back Cover Art: Matt Roach

Front & Back Cover Design: Robby Poore

@ 957, 735 PARK NORTH BLD.

Ss sure 08

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written per-
mission of the publisher is expressly forbidden,
except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage
the Ascension are registered trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
West, Ghost Towns, Frontier Secrets, The Risen
and Dark Reflections Spectres are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings,
characters and themes. All mystical and super-
natural elements are fiction and intended for
entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is
advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com;alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

Special Thanks To:

Katie "A Lot to Say" MacCaskill, for choosing Moz over
Jane's.

Justin "Thank God for Shotguns" Achilli, for his opin-
ion of Hemingway.

Fred "It's Free!" Yelk, for winning the worst party ever.
Dean "Social Chameleon" Burnham, for hitting all the
bars and then some.

Shaggy "Drink This" Dixon, for taking his gin like a
man.

Mike "Don't Make Me Go Home" Tinney, for staying
in it for the long haul.

Aaron "This Place Sucks" Voss, for telling the truth
about Bell Bottoms.

Rob "Smoother than Barry White" Hatch, for being the
ladies' choice that evening.

Rebecca "Later" Schaefer, for getting out while the
getting was good.

Chad "Prisoner" Brown, for his punitive dance-floor
measures.

Allison "Cooties" Sturms, for unrequited love (ha ha!).
Phil "Disco Inferno" Brucato, for unveiling the mystery
of disco: It really does blow.

Rich "Damn Straight" Dansky, for backing Phil up on
that point.

Aileen "Scotland, Bastard" Miles-Skemp, for wisdom
in spite of my omission.

and Larry "Damn Straights" Snelly, for shaking his
booty on a dance floor full of breeders.

Authors' Special
Thanks

John Wick extends grateful thanks to Marcelo
Figueroa.

Nancy Amboy wishes to thank Jamie the Demonic
Bobby Soxer, and Steven Patrick Morrissey because
she's never seen a keener window cleaner.


AAA
Le:

Table of Contents

Legends of the Garou: Sheol Valley
Introduction: How to Use This Book
Chapter One: Building a Better Ghost Town
Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns
Chapter Three: Storytelling

Appendix: Piercing the Shroud



Sissy

gheol Valley

It was a bleak bastard of a valley, a barren slash
through a rock mountain that left the few folks who'd
seen it thinking of white bones and empty canteens.
The least lucky of these were the worst off — they'd
stayed. Too desperate, too weak or too stupid to move
on to better land, those poor wretches settled in by the
tiny trickle of a creek and started digging, hoping that
there'd be gold or silver under the red-orange rocks.
They'd never managed to leave.

Apart from the scattered, gray plank shacks that
, the only thing worth seeing in the
valley was the church. It stood up on an outcropping
above the other buildings, and the crimson light of
sunset threw its steeple's shadow across the hollow like
aknife wound. The white paint was covered with russet
dust, and the clock — an odd feature for a church to
have, with a barely visible spike preventing the minute
hand from turning — was quiet as death. Almost. As for
the rest of the valley, there wasn't a person stirring in the
dry August afternoon.

passed for hous

So when the broken-down miner looked out the
window and saw a stranger watering his horse in the
meager creek, he was more than a little startled. But he
licked his dry lips and called out to the stranger, and the
stranger called back, and soon enough the miner was
welcoming the newcomer into his tiny shack.

"There ya are," he said, gesturing to one of the rickety
if | had a
drink, I'd share it with you, but there ain't been a
sal

chairs. "'Fraid I can't offer you that mucl

sman out this way in months."

The stranger, whose clothes might've been new a
month back, smiled and nodded. "Here," he said, draw-
ing forth a flask and a pair of tin cups from his rucksack.
"This one'll be on me."

The miner's eyes shone. "Well, that's mighty Chris-
tian of you." He gladly accepted a cup, and gulped down
half the contents almost immediately.

"Careful, now," the stranger warned. "You want to

make it last."

Legends of the Garou: Sheol Valley 5


"Oh, you don't got to tell me such things," the worn
miner sighed. "Got to make everything last ‘round here.
By the by, I'm Seth — and thank you for the drink.
What brings you round here...?" The sentence trailed
into a question.

"Hosea." He touched the brim of his hat. "I heard
back in Purview you folks were having troubles, and I
thought I'd maybe have a looksee."

Seth shook his head. "Gun for hire, then?"

Hosea smiled. "I have been known to let folks de-
scribe me as such."

"No offense, friend." The battered miner spread his
hands. "But I daresay you won't find nobody you could
shoot here, and nobody who could pay you for it. We're
apoor town, and our problems ain't so easy to deal with."

"The word ‘town' isa little generous," replied Hosea.
"Andas to the nature of your problem — well, I'm more
curious than anticipatory."

A minute went by before either spoke, a minute in
which both men looked each other over carefully.
Finally, Seth said, "You a superstitious man, then?"

"Not the right word. Just curious." The chair creaked
as the gunman leaned back and casually looked out the
window, across to the church. The fading light shone
from the polished handle of a revolver, just barely
revealed by his shifting coat. "So tell me about this
valley, Seth. Sheol. It means Hell, right?"

"Sure does, in Jewish or somethin'. I guess if you know
that, you heard tell how this place got its name, then."

Hosea shrugged. "Not from a local."

The miner sighed darkly. "You wouldn't. Ain't no-
body been born here in the last thirty years that's
managed to get out. Wolves, or something gota few that
tried — all we found were their bones. Picked clean."

The lanky traveler poured a little more whiskey into
the tin cup. "The story?"

A worn smile spread across the miner's features, and
he nodded gratefully before downing half the liquor.
"Well, t'ain't much to tell. The first folks to get here
were about three or four families, who'd got lost over the
winter. The valley seemed as good as any other at the
time, I s'pose — couldn' tell the soil for the snow, and
lots of places among the rocks to hide from the wind."

He sighed again, deep and slow. "T'weren't but a few
who lived through to spring. And game's pretty scarce
around here, so I wonder..." He trailed off, staring out
the window. Then he shook his head quickly. "Well,
never mind that. I heard that with more of the first folks
here buried than living by spring, they were in no mood
for callin' this place Pearly Gates or any sort. And with

no real resources for travelin', and not even any Injuns
near to trade with, they had no chance of gettin' out. So
they dug in, and haven't been able to get out since."

The gunman shifted in the chair, a thoughtful look
on his face.

"Tell me about the church."

Seth's eyes darkened. "You have heard about this place."

Hosea's expression didn't change. "Humor me."

"Well, not too long ago, folks figured that we was just
gonnaupand die ifnothin' were done about it. Didn't have
merchants comin' round, nor enough money to buy drink
even if they did. Needed somethin' to live for, and well —
you don't see nothin' that inspires hope here, do you?

"So they sent fora preacher. The one they got wasa fiery
fella, and had more thana little money from his daddy back
East. He came ridin' at the head of a wagon train, all loaded
down with wood and nails, and he set his men buil
that." The old miner shook his head ruefully. "Set that big
clock in the tower — was real insistent about that — and
started a'preachin' almost ‘fore the paint was dry. He was
good, too — set you thinkin' thoughts of Heaven even
though you was stuck here in Hell."

He paused, then, and shook his head. "The real trouble
started up then, not too long after. Every night, ‘round one
in the morning, we started hearing things. First the clock'd
strike, and then.... don't want tosay." His gaze strayed out
the window, then came back to settle on Hosea. "And
seeing things. ... God strike me blind if] lie, but the church
wall started bleeding then. Every night. It was real, too. I
know ‘cause I took a light out once and got a good look."
He shuddered. "We began shuttin' ourselves inside our
shacks then. The preacher was the only one who'd dare to
go outside at night, and we'd hear him a yellin' and
hollerin' at the top of his lungs, tellin' them haints to go on
back to Hell and leave us alone. Clancy even shimmied up
the steeple once and spiked the clock so it wouldn't reach
one. The preacher tore out the spike the next mornin', and
chided us all for cowards."

He took a breath, and then his voice came out very
low. "Lain't one to say forsure, and you'll probably laugh
in my face for this, but the last we heard from that
preacher, he was goin' on about walkin' bones. Swear it
on my daddy's grave."

He screwed up his face mournfully. "But that was it
for him, though. He took what little silver there was
right out of the poorbox, melted it down and cast it into
bullets." He chuckled miserably. "And he went up the
side of the mountain jest past midnight, and we all heard
him a'shootin' — and that was the last of him. Never

6 Ghost Towns


OOS

came back down." Seth screwed up his face in a feeble
attempt at a smile. "We never even found his spent
bullets, though we tried. Oh, we tried."

The miner swallowed the last of the whiskey and
stared wistfully at the smeared cup. "Don't s'pose you've
got much more silver yerself? Y'ain't gonna kill no
haints with lead, I'll tell you that."

Hosea smiled. "'Fraid not, friend. I don't have much
luck holding on to silver myself."

The weather-beaten miner shook his head slowly,
without taking his eyes off the empty tin cup, and the
slope of his shoulders was just like that of a dead man. "I
was afeared of that."

wer

Hosea Gunbreaker struck a match and held it close
enough to read his expensive pocketwatch. Ten min-
utes till 1:00. He glanced up to the church's clock. It
read the same, but the iron spike holding the minute
hand in place wasn't about to let it get any farther.

Or... was it? There was a slight rattle from above, and
although Hosea's human eyes weren't that good in the
darkness, he thought he caught movement.

He struck another match. Aftera quick glance around
him, he bent over his watch again — but this time
looking at the play of light on the glass, the shifting of
his reflection...

And like that, he was through.

That was too damn easy, he thought to himself.
Gauntlet's alot thinner here than it has any damn right to be.
Shaking his head, he studied the surroundings. Luna's
light picked out the Weaver-webs of the church, and
tiny streaks of web below. There was a trace of some-
thing hollow on the wind, something that smelled of old
dust and mold. Or was it brittle old bone?

T'll be damned, he thought. Fool Strider was right.
Something is shifting out here. The church's only a couple
of years old —it shouldn't reflect here at all. But if that's so,
then why doesn't it smell like the Wyrm? Or for that matter,
anything else?

He looked up at where the clock would be — and it
was there, strangely enough. And there was something
like a heat-shimmer around that minute hand, rhythmi-
cally ebbing and flowing.

Shit.

Hosea slid his knife free from its sheath, and focused
on the moonlit reflections on its edge. The Penumbra
caught at him, slid over him like a placenta — and he
almost fell through into the physical world. He
gered a bit, then glanced up. The spike was vis
shaking, and the minute hand itself was trembling.

That clock shouldn't even be working anymore! He
flexed his fingers, trying to relax just a little. Shit. Shit.
I should've paid more attention when that batty Strider was
talking about the hungry dead.

The spike thrashed once more, then spun free, spiral-
ing down to land with a sharp clatter on the rock.

Hosea sucked in a breath, and as if the valley were
echoing him, a sharp breeze whirled down off the
mountains and across his back. Shadows pooled and ran
at the base of the church, leaking out from under it like
blood, as if something lay smashed under the building.
The shadows swirled and somehow dropped downward,
like a whirlpool of darkness reaching into the rock.

And then, faintly tittering, something — multiple
somethings — clambered out.

The things limped like people, but only a blind
drunk'd mistake them for anything alive. Their bones
were human, but hardly clean. All the meat had been
gnawed away except a few red shreds, but blood stained
every last bone a deep brown. Jawbones dangled open or
worked up and down almost mindlessly. Rags of cloth-
ing still hung off the apparitions, tatters that might once
have been shirts and trousers and flannel dresses.

And in the eye sockets of every last one, even the tiny
childlike phantoms stumbling over the others' feet,
blazed a blend of hunger and hatred.

Hosea took a deep breath and released it. "Howdy
there." He touched the brim of his hat. "Don't s'pose you
folks would mind settling back and having a discourse
about this?"

One of the creatures met his gaze. The smell wafting
from it had that recognizable acrid reek of the Enemy —
only somehow duller, washed-out. Bone flowed and
stretched in an honest-to-God grin, and blood dribbled
from between the teeth.

"All right then." Hosea tensed, and his flesh bulged,
flooded outward. The all-too-familiar warmth of anger,
like hot blood, washed over his senses. He rumbled,
deep in his throat.

Sorry about this, folks, Hosea thought. I wish to Gaia
you hadn't had to go out like that, and that you hadn't had
to stew in whatever hole you stewed in. Hope you're able to
look on this as liberating when I'm done.

The last thing Hosea remembered thinking was, Never
heard of anyone fighting ghosts before. Hope I'm around in the
morning to enlighten the next sept how to go about it.

Then human words left him, and Hosea howled and
leapt forward.

Legends of the Garou: Sheol Valley ?



Go west, young man!

— Horace Greeley

Towns pop up frequently in the Savage West. Min-
ers, farmers, pioneers, snake-oil salesmen, pilgrims,
outlaws, soldiers and many more individuals make their
homes among the mesas and fields of the American
frontier. As the Manifest Destiny pushes the boundary
of the American frontier all the way to the coast of the
Pacific Ocean, communities of all sizes surface in the
wake of expansion.

Not every settlement grows to be a Salt Lake City or
a Los Angeles, however. Many towns are hardly more
than collections of shanties centered around local mines
or groups of subsistence farms sharing the same creek.
Pestilence, violence, loneliness and starvation threaten
many of these small towns, and mere survival is often a
daily struggle.

In some places, even these trials aren't enough. The
Storm Eater's presence has weakened the Gauntlet in
many parts of the Savage West, placing the phys
world much closer to the spiritual realms. In fact, in an
unprecedented series of phenomena, the Storm Eater is
believed to have actually eroded the barrier between the
Low Umbra and the physical world: the Shroud.

ical

American Garou, both European and Native, are
concerned about this never-before-seen curiosity. As
most werewolves typically leave the Low Umbra to
itself, its recent proximity has become an issue in the
Savage West. More so than ever before, the ghostly
denizens of that morbid realm have come into contact
with beings on the living side of the Shroud.

Introduction: How to Use This Book :]

‘Sy

=a


Useful References

Ghost Towns is a crossover book, and it assumes
some familiarity with Wraith: The Oblivion on the
Storyteller's part. That familiarity is not neces
however; Storytellers may successfully "fake it" with the
information presented in Frontier Secrets, or they may
wish to make it up whole cloth.

sary,

Some of the characters in this book are mean bastards
— Dark Reflections: Spectres may come in handy
(some characters' Traits are referenced in that volume).
Likewise, there are a few walking dead poking around
these pages, and I'm not talking vampires: You may wish
to take a look at The Risen to get a handle on these

folks.

A Quick and Dirty
Cosmology

Ultimately, this is a book about Ghost Towns, not

esoteric discussions relating to which Umbral layer
overlaps what. Nonetheless, the inherent mystical na-
ture of the supernatural creatures involved makes some
outline of the spirit world necessary.

The Penumbra is the region
just beyond the Gauntlet, dis-
tancing the physical world from
the Middle Umbra. The Penum-
bra is the spiritual, emotional
reflection of the physical world.

Asimilar region separates the
Low Umbra from the physical
world, as well — these are the
Shadowlands. A grim, macabre

place, the Shadowlands are the
dark echoes of the physical
world just beyond the Shroud.

The High Umbra is beyond
the scope of this particular book,
but bears mention anyway. The
most oblique and unattainable
aspects of reality float within
the High (or Deep) Umbra, in-
cluding the Far Shores. Many
Celestines and Incarna dwell in
the High Umbra, as well.

SSSNEN

ZLLLs

RASA
LAN

AN ANS
Lia

Fitting the Pieces
Together

If you look at the map of the Umbra below, you learn
that, for the most part, the Middle and Low Umbras do not
intersect. "For the most part" is important, though, becau:
the Storm Eater's malignant presence has blurred the
boundaries between the different layers of the spirit world.
Insome regions of the Savage West (Storytellers take note!
Use this little guideline at your convenience! ), Shroud and
Gauntlet ratings have dropped to 1.

These low ratings are a serious source of concern for
Garou of the Savage West. While it would initially seem
thata return to the halcyon days before the schism of the
physical and spiritual worlds is preferable, the Garou are
almost unanimous on the circumstances being wrong.
The reason for these weak barriers is not because the
world is returning to its material and spiritual unity.
Rather, the barriers are weak because the Storm Eater's
entropic force is destroying them. A thin Gauntlet in
the Savage West is a double-edged sword: It allows easy
access to the Umbra, but at great cost to the well being
of the velvet shadow.

High (or Deep) Umbra

Physical

10 Ghost Towns


WO

AANA

LEER L =

In addition, though the Shroud is often as thin as the
Gauntlet, most Garou do not know how to breach it.
Specific details on getting your players' characters into
the Dark Umbra (horrors!) may be found in the Appen-
dix. On that note...

What's In Ghost

Towns?

Thanks for asking.

Legends of the Garou/Ghost Story gives a bit of
fiction. If you skipped it, go back and read it. The story's
very good

This Introduction gives an overview of the book's
concepts, contents and basic ideas. Much of what you
find mentioned in passing here is expounded upon later
in Ghost Towns.

Chapter One details making your own ghost town.
Whether you want to build a completely original town
or bring one of your favorite historical curiosities to your
Werewolf: The Wild West game, this chapter will help
you turn your ideas into a consistent story setting.

pecific ghost towns
ome are taken from

Chapter Two highlights fi
that exist in the Savage West.
actual, real-world history while
up. As alw e taken a few liberties with the
history (hey! There we
the real world, so I don't want to hear about inaccu-
racy!) in the interests of making a better story, but the
Golden Rule still applies. None of this is dogma, and
you're not going to Hell if you change the details. Make

ve made some others

ys, we'
en't any ghost or werewolves in

the story your own — but these towns are here to help
you if you want them.

Chapter Three is a collection of tips for Storytelling.
Wraith isn't the easiest game to integrate into a cross-
over chronicle, but its potential is tremendous, and this
chapter can help you realize that potential in your
games.

Finally, the Appendix includes several rituals and
rules for bringing Garou into the Dark Umbra. Though
it's not the most comfortable place, sometimes Garou
business requires the warriors of Gaia to step into the
realm of the dead. Don't say we didn't warn you...



If nothing else, the image of the western ghost town
reminds us that there isn't anything that lasts forever.
Standing like a forgotten testimony to a dream, ghost
towns representa true tragedy of the Manifest Destiny.
Too often we think only of the horrific crimes the
white man committed against the Native American
tribes as he moved west, and too often we forget the
crimes he committed against himself. The ghost town
is a reminder of the broken promises and broken
dreams of the w

stward migration, serving as an echo
to those who know that America is the land of oppor-
tunity, not the land of promise.

Ghost towns are more than just abandoned houses,
stables and saloons. They provide the setting for what

can be the most dramatic and horrifying encounters
a troupe can ever experience. The intent of this
chapter is to show you how to use ghost towns in your
Werewolf: The Wild West campaign. There is al-
ways more than meets the eye in the Savage West,
and ghost towns are a testimony to that fact.

A ghost town can serve many purposes in a Wild
West campaign. It can be asingle stopover, providing
acreepy haunting one-night stay or it can be the base
of a pack running raids against the local Wyrm-
tainted rail barons. It can be the haunt of a few local
wraiths who guard a dark secret or it can also be a
hideout for a band of renegade mages who have
stumbled across a motherlode of Quinte

nee.

Chapter One: Building a Better Ghost Town 13

ICCOCO


A Note on
Terminology

The phrase "ghost town" is used outside its
connotative meaning. For the purposes of this
book, a ghost town is any town of any size
plagued by some aberration of the Storm
Eater's passing and subsequent corruption of
the Gauntlet and Shroud (see below). The
line is a fine one, and many large cities Back
East claim similar — if not greater — quanti-
ties of wraiths, but the point of distinction
includes three identifying traits.

First, a ghost town is a plot device. Often
central to the mood and theme of a particular
story or chronicle, the town itself is often the
why as well as the where.

Second, a ghost town is almost unanimously
affected by its resident population of ghosts
and spirits. While New York may have a
collection of wraiths carrying out various
agendas, none of those wraiths dramatically
affects the city as a whole. On the other hand,
one bad ghost in the town of North Pass, Utah
(population 217) can have the entire town up
in arms and afraid to fall asleep.

Third, a ghost town is a rare phenomenon
caused by the presence of the Storm Eater.
The malignant Umbral entity's passing has
blurred and blended the Gauntlet and Shroud
(often significantly weakening them) in a
ghost town, and normal Umbral laws are often
tossed to the winds. Spirits may end up in the
Underworld, wraiths may wander the
Skinlands and Garou may find themselves
torn between not only the physical world and
the Storm Umbra, but the Low Umbraas well.
This confusion is a cause of much consterna-
tion to the Garou — the Umbra is becoming
less and less a place they can rely on as they
move westward.

A ghost town isn't necessarily a desolate,
empty place. Remember, just because it's a
ghost town doesn't mean it's deserted.

It Weren't Always
= =
Like This...

"It's the little things that make the soup," my grand-
mother used to tell me, and the same thing is true about
stories. When you sit down to create a ghost town for
your pack to encounter, consider what kind of town
they're going to be riding through. Populate the town
with buildings before you start putting in the people.
The more detail you add to the town's streets and
edifices, the more convincing your setting will be.
There's nothing more irritating than a cardboard set-
ting, after all. If you don't believe the walls can stand,
howare you going to believe they're holding up the roof?
No town enters existence as a haunted metropolis —
something had to be there before things got spooky.

The first thing to consider is the amount of detail you
want to put into a town. If your pack is just going to be
wandering through on their way to someplace else, you
won't need a lot of detail. If they're staying overnight,
you'll need a little more. If they plan on making a home
base there, you'll have to do some homework. Towns
don't just "pop up" out of nowhere, after all. Unless, of
course, you need them to...

A frontier town goes through three growth stages:
foundation, evolution and perpetuation. Foundation
involves the initial set-up of a small "tent-town," with
workers, tents and other primitive shelters. Evolution
involves more permanent shelters, entertainment for
the workers and other luxuries. Perpetuation involves
streets, more permanent buildings and structured gov-
ernment. If a town is destined to become a ghost town,
it seldom reaches perpetuation or the more advanced
signs of evolution unless catastrophic circumstances
(both natural and supernatural) occur.

Every town in the Savage West is settled for a reason.
The vast majority of these towns are established for one of
two reasons (and sometimes both): water and mining.
Mining (for gold, silver, and copper) is why people arrive
and water is why they stay. In the desert, especially around
Texas, New Mexico and Arizona, temperatures get over
100° Fon a regular basis during the summer months, then
drop down to 30° F and lower at night. These extreme
temperatures demand fresh water sources. No town can
even get into foundation without water. While the desire

for land ownership is a powerful motivation for the west-
ward movement, the desire for instant riches often eclipses
other motivations.

Ghost Towns


LEER PL.

Once a foundation-stage settlement has been estab-
lished, the "shanty town" or "tent town" proves to be
trous. Many factors go into

s of a settlement, including the

either prosperous or dise
determining the suce
wealth of the mine and the organization of the workers
and owners. Often, just the location of the town
determines if it may be success

\

viele

VNNNNAN

\

\

x

ful. If the town is on a published, famous or ¥
route, it may become a layover point to destinations
further west. This "tourist trade" brings additional re-
sources to the settlement and also creates the need for
service industries such as livery stables, saloons and
hotels, thus providing enough income to import lumber
for more permanent structures, propelling the small
settlement into the evolution stage of development.

The two buildings that are most important to the
development of a small town are the saloon and the
livery stable. Saloons were not the "bed-and-brothel"
hotbeds often portrayed in Hollywood westerns, but are
frequently simply cantinas and gambling halls. How-
ever, they do provide workers (both native and
transitory) a place to spend their money. Livery stables
are the western equivalent of service stations, providing
fresh horses, shoeing and food for the most popular
method of transportation.

The hotel is another building of notable import to the
western town, providing clean rooms for those stopping by
as well as dwellings for the resident labor. The general store
is often less important, depending on the circumstances.
Often, supplies are shipped into small towns and residents
order what they need from catalogues. However, many
townsstill have general stores with adjoining restaurants to
supplement their income.

Another common myth about western town is the
ever-present local sheriff. Not all towns have

oreven

need

a lawman, Often, justice is dealt swiftly by the

witnesses of the crime without trial or jury. A case in
point can be found in the death of "Wild Bill" Hickock.
The man who shot Wild Bill in the back was quickly
beaten into submission by the men who saw him pull the
trigger. He was then taken to the town square and hung
within minutes of committing his crime. Such is the

justice many small towns practice. When towns do have
a law office, it is usually the office of a local sheriff or
marshal, hired by the town to keep the peace. County
sheriffs commonly ride through towns within their
jurisdiction on irregular interv;
from the county seat when needed.

or are summoned

One of the most popular establishments in a Savage
West town is the photographer: Almost every small town
claims one. Cowboysand soldiers love having their pictures
taken — it is the Savage West equivalent of being on
television. Cowboys may drive cattle for months, get paid,
and spend their money on liquor, women and gambling,
but they always have their picture taken to remember the
nd photographs back home, to pro-

moment. Soldiers

vide mothers, fathers and wives with mementos, just in

case they never return.


Another storefront often seen in a booming frontier
town is the "Intelligence Shop" or "Gentlemen's Store."
These outlets carry fine items such as cigars, stationery,
pens and other accouterments that men of dignity and
taste require at the frontier. Of course, many miners who
have just struck it rich and are out to impress one of the few
women in the town may leap at the opportunity to make
themselves more presentable to a lady.

(As a quick side note, it
should be said that the ratio of
men to women in most mining

towns was somewhere between
12-to-1 to 20-to-1. There was
more than one instance of a lovely lady
of dignity and culture arriving ina small town,

wooing love-struck miners and walking away with a
good-sized pouch of gold dust for her troubles.)

As a town moves from evolution into perpetuation,
other buildingsare constructed. Lumber mills, blacksmiths,
pharmacies, barbers, dentists, surgeons and steel mills are
common sights. Entertainment has also become a consid.
eration in the Savage West, and many towns witness the
openings of theaters and stage halls. Stagecoaches arrive
and depart on set schedules, giving towns consistent con-
nections to the outside world and establishing a feel of
community. The advent of a newspaper office also makes
a town look and feel less like a settlement and more like
civilization. One building that springs up truly propels an
evolving town into the ranks of perpetuity: the Wells Fargo
office. Often, this building serves three purposes. It is a
telegraph post, a bank and a post office all in one. It is the
true sign of civilization, and is alsocommonly well guarded.
But as a town grows in wealth, it also grows in decadence.
Bathhouses, brothels and opium dens are a sure sign of a
town moving from evolution toward perpetuation.

Once a town reaches perpetuation, chances of it
becoming a ghost town are fairly slim. Towns in per-
petuation include such booming cities as San Francisco,
Denver, Tombstone, Deadwood and Tucson. The ad-
vent of the railroad has brought immortality to most
towns located on or near its route, as well as the routes
of cattle trains and the telegraph. Cowboys on the trails
herding cattle across the frontier often stop at small
towns for rest and entertainment. Railroad workers also
find leisure in the stops along the ride, bringing recur-
sive income to what often began as tiny tent towns. So
goes the life of a town on its way to becoming a city.

Now let's look at what happens when it all goes
wrong...

Ghost Towns


Trouble on the
Horizon

While it is important to remember that towns don't just spring up out
of nowhere, it is equally important to remember that they don't die
without good reason. A frontier town can meet an untimely demise in
many ways. When it is first established, a town is often little more than
afew dozen men within walking distance ofa fresh water source, mining
for gold out of tents. The two reasons for settlement (mining and water)
are both finite resources. Oftentimes, mines or wellsrun dry, and workers
must move on to follow the promise of another strike.

Something as simple as natural predators can also be the cause of
catastrophe. While wolves, bears and coyotes generally avoid men, they
are also occasionally known to attack, especially if settlements lay too
close to hunting grounds. "Natural predators" may also include Native
American tribes looking to keep white men from spoiling their lands.
Adozencold, hungry, ill-equipped minersare nomatch foradozen well-
fed, well-trained warriors looking to protect their ancestral territory.

Disease can also be the cause of desertion. Raccoons carry the
bubonic plague, and a feverish epidemic of influenza also caused
the deaths of thousands of expansionists during the mid-nine-
teenth century.

When a town gains more permanent structures, it requires a much
more serious disaster to cause desertion. Once permanent structures are
in place, it is harder to convince people to move on and abandon their
investment, soeven flash firesand epidemics are often suffered graciously.
The town of Tombstone faced desertion many times, but when the mine
finally dried up, the residents transformed it into a luxurious gambling
town, bringing in wealth from all over the Savage West.

One of the direst dangers to a large town is violence. Outlaws know
which towns go without law enforcement and prey upon them merci-
lessly. Also, the promise of quick wealth often plays upon the greed and
impatience of desperate men. When drifters discover they have given up
everything on a get-rich-quick dream that is more work than they were
promised, they sometimes turn to crime to fill their pockets rather than
break an honest sweat. The heavy drinking that goes on in frontier
towns doesn't help the situation. Vague claim laws coupled with greed
and a bit too much whisky put many men on the wrong side of a gun.

Exacerbating the situation is the fact that many small towns do
not maintain jails. Scofflaws are frequently forced into one of two
punishments: banishment or death. If a town fears a convicted
criminal, a quick hanging is the easiest option...

However, just because a town meets its death does not mean that
it meets its end. The Savage West is a proto-Fitzgeraldian waste-
land, littered with the remains of towns that once looked
forward to futures of fortune and prosperity. Now, all that
remains of many towns are their skeletons, reminders that
Dame Fortune doesn't always keep her word.

AR

Te


4 SSS SS > SN
EC SSHIOXX
POLAT Cas"

Whenever a town meets its doom, it never goes quietly.
There will always be those who cling to the dream of
building a civilization out of the wilderness, despite the
staggering circumstances against it. Often, when a
boomtown dries up, those who stay behind die of malnu-
trition, exposure or violence. If the population atrophies,
the town generally dies with it. But that's not always true,
especially in the Savage West.

Historic and Mythic

As stated at the beginning of this chapter, ghost towns
symbolize many of the more unsightly aspects of the Savage
West. Clever Storytellers can use ghost towns in many
ways. They can be simply symbols of decadence, broken
dreams or dark fortune, or they can be the settings of
dramatic stories with themes of redemption.

With the information above, you already have enough
knowledge to build a believable historical frontier town.
However, this is where we startadding the spice. Werewolf:
The Wild West employs historical
feel of a Western, but it also incorporates fantastic ele-
ments to counterpoint the history. H.P. Lovecraft was on
to something when he wrote his horrific tales of mundane

aspects to create the

men and women stepping out of their common world and
into the world of the terrible and the unknown. A ghost
town can do the same for your players.

Almost everyone has seen or read a Western. Everybody
knows how the frontier operates. When players walk in toa
deserted town, covered with months of desert sand and
cobwebs, however, they've stepped out of the comfortable
world they knowand intoadark enigma of the Savage West.

Many of the ghost towns encountered in the Savage
Westare remnants of evolution-stage towns gone wrong.
Foundation towns rarely get past temporary shelters. If
a water source or mine dries up, the workers pack up and
leave, taking the town with them. However, a town in
evolution — built of permanent structures — provides
an ideal backdrop for building a better ghost town.

What Happened Here?

Concept

Start at the

nd. What went wrong in your town? Figure
out how far it got into development, then plague it with
ghosts and look at what's left. There are dozens of ways to
afflict a town, but don't just stop at the reason. Get colorful

with your disasters. Here are some examples.

Drought

Saying the water dried up is boring. However, imag-
ine your players' faces when their characters ride into a
desiccated town and discover that the town's founders
put their well a little too close to the graveyard. Better
yet, if the characters choose to follow a river, have them
come across the same town, only to discover that the
townspeople died from the water they've been drinking
from for a few days...

Plague

As the characters approach a town, they come across
the burned corpses of cattle. The closer they get to the
town, they begin to see human remains in the cattle
pyres. Finally, when the characters reach the town, they
find it totally deserted — until they open the doors of
the church. As they do, swarms of flies and a horrific
stink wash over them. Within the small church they
find the remains of every last man, woman and child,
looking for God's salvation from the accursed plague
that has seized their cattle and familie

Of course, diseases aren't the only kind of plagues.
Infestations of rats, locusts, spiders, snakes, wolves and
other "varmints" can terrify a town's populace, espe-
cially if its backed by supernatural means and the
residents are God-fearin' folk.

Mines

A mine going dry is a good reason to start packing, but
itisn't the only reason. Cave-ins, explosions and poisonous
es are very real threats to miners, and with a few dozen
men dying with utter fear and despair in their hearts within
a few moments, you've got a real Haunt on your hands.

Trains

A good, old-fashioned train wreck can knock the life
out of any town. Back in the early days of the rails, wrecks
were not uncommon occurrences, due to lack of sleep and
the influence of sleep repressing drugs. Imagine a fifty-
thousand-ton train heading toward a town at 40 to 50
miles per hour. Under normal conditions, it would take
approximately half a mile for that train to come toa safe
stop. Under unsafe conditions... well, let's just say the
engineer would pull the emergency brake, jump out and
run for his life.

Train wrecks can cause the deaths of hundreds of
people and wreak incredible amounts of destruction,
especially if they are carrying explosives. However, the

weight, speed and size of a runaway train are usually
enough to wipe out at least three or four buildings as
careens out of control.

18 Ghost Towns


Violence

Don't stop at the scalp.

— Shadows' Envy, Renegade Red Talon

Saying that a gunfight caused the downfall of a town

isn't enough. The showdown at the O.K. Corral is one
of the most famous Savage Western gunfights because
no one can agree on the chain of events. Over 50
witnesses saw the gunfight, and not a single cohesive
story could be made from their testimonies. The event
literally tore the town — and the country — in half,
each side supporting or denouncing the actions of the

Earps. Finally, Wyatt and his brothers solved the con-
troversy by leaving Tombstone behind.

Of course, involving the tures of the World of Dark-
ness is also a sure-fire way to clean out an established town.
All you need is a town that gets a little too close to a Red
Talon caern and you've got the makings of a slaughter.

Gauntlet and Shroud

Hand in hand with the event that caused a ghost town's
decline is the aftermath. The Storm Eater was likely attracted
tothe sorrowful event that decimated the town, and probably
leftabitofitsresidue behind. AsStoryteller, carefully consider
the effects esidue on the Gauntlet and Shroud. A low
rating indicates that things are probably very weird in the

town —stuff from the spirit worlds easily bleeds through into
the physical. Relatively high Gauntlet and Shroud ratings
suggest that either the town avoided the Storm Eater's
attention, weathered its presence or is simply too "sophisti-
cated" to believe in such things

s and spirits.

as spool

Most ghost towns worthy of the title have Gauntlet and
Shroud ratings of 4 or lower. Though this rating probably
differs in various locales around the town, very few ratings

ise above 6, otherwise wraiths and spirits will have too
much difficulty interacting with the physical world.

Some particularly far-gone ghost towns have ratings
that hover around 1! In these nightmarish communi-
ties, spirits run rampant and vengeful ghosts may torment
their victims "physically" as well as emotionally.

Note that no Gauntlet or Shroud rating ever drops to
0. The veil between worlds, while it may be thin and
stretched, always exists to some degree.

Gauntlet/Shroud Rating 1-2

Towns with very low Gauntlet Shroud ratings are
hotbeds of supernatural activity. Few people will go an
entire day without seeing a ghost or spirit, and the
denizens of the Umbras will have little problem exerting
their will in the physical world.

Most lesser spirits, particularly those of the Middle
Umbra, will not try to actively affect the physical world,
though they are likely to come in contact with it. Whether

Chapter One: Building a Better Ghost Town 19


San
a "ah ;
WO they are not powerful enough or just don't have the cognizance to try to change the
& order of things, spirits mainly continue their daily business as usual.
x Wraiths, on the other hand, are advanced enough thinkers to realize that

they can leave their marks on the physical world. Those wraiths with
Passions of Vengeance may act them out at every opportunity ina town
with a Shroud rating of 1. Controlling or powerful wraiths may even try
to usurp the reins of leadership in a town, creating an unnatural fealty
to themselves.
Low Shroud and Gauntlet ratings make for stories of less intrigue and
more confrontation. As little separates the players' characters from the
wraiths and spirits, much of the story's action will likely be out
in the open. This is not to say that multiple layers of
plotting and treachery don't exist in this sort of town,
but rather that it is probably quite obvious as to the
nature of what supernatural forces are pulling the
citizenry's strings.
Gauntlet/Shroud Rating 3-4
While a rating of 3 or 4 may seem very low for the Gauntlet
and Shroud, remember that the proximity of the spirit world to
the physical is of dire import to a true ghost town. At these
ratings, natural and supernatural spirits alike must choose their
actions carefully, as their access to the physical world is not as free
asitisin towns with lower ratings. Some folks about town may see and
hear strange things at regular intervals, or experiences of "mass
hallucination" may come about. In any event, the Gauntlet and
Shroud are still weak enough for spirits to take advantage of, and
those same spirits probably take a very active role in the affairs
of the town, albeit more subtly.
Gauntlet/Shroud Rating 5-6
Ratings this high (relatively speaking, of course)
tend tobe the upper limits of what may truly be called
"ghost towns". Most normal towns have ratings of
this level insome parts, and interaction between the
spiritual and physical worlds becomes difficult —
almost too difficult to affect the other side with any
reliability. The supernatural events in these ghost
towns tend to be very subtle, well orchestrated and
critical to the ghosts or spirits behind them. Towns
like these are good for moods of suspense and horror,
as the culprits behind the town's woes will be hard to
find, and even harder to pin down.

The Major Players

A ghost town is just as believably populated — if
not more so— than any other town ina Savage West
story. When stocking the ranks of plot-sensitive or
Storyteller characters, keep in mind the motivations
of those behind the town's unique situation. If none

of the characters, player or Storyteller, have interest
in why things are as they are in a ghost town, the
whole setting will be for naught.


This is especially true for wraiths. As creatures of intense passion, the Restless Dead must
have good reason for blatantly violating Charon's laws and trafficking with the mortal
world. It is difficult to breach the Shroud, as well, so some tangible reward in line with
the character's motivation is required.

The Hierarchy

is a matter of lawlessness rather than true politics. The Hierarchy is, of course,
interested in making headway into the Shadowlands of the Savage West,
however, and this Restless imperialism may be the reason for an infestation
of ghosts in a given town. The Hierarchy may be trying to take a town by
force, thereby creating a series of skirmishes on the other side of the
Shroud. They may also be trying to establish a permanent fortification
there, forging the souls of the town's recently dead into raw building
materials. The wraiths of the Dark Kingdom of Iron usually fulfill
roles of conquest in the Savage West, and their plots center around
gaining ground and stemming the Renegade and Heretic tides.

The Renegades

The largest population of wraiths in the Shadowlands, Renegades
areas diverse and disparate as their name suggests. Renegades may truly
have any motives, and might well be involved in any ghost town, as
spies, agents provocateur, Hierarchy deserters, etc. Renegades com-
monly resist the growing opposition of the Hierarchy's advances, and
some sort of political conflict may affect the town. Because of their vast
individuality, however, Renegades are much more suited to "personal"
pursuits, ranging from the megalomaniac ("This is my town!") to the
minute ("I will torment my cheatin' wife and everyone who comes in contact
with her") and everything in between.

The Heretics

Stories involving Heretic elements have the capacity to be the most horrific of
all. Any number of cults have arisen in the Shadowlands of the Savage West,
and their highly individualistic outlooks on Transcendence may take on
frightening aspects. A town under Heretic sway may be a horrifying
community of death-cultists, as the Restless Dead build ghastly shrines
to themselves. Or, it may bea town where all children are stillborn,
their innocent souls stolen away by marauding wraiths for their
own nefarious purposes.

It should also be noted that many of the Restless Dead hailing
from indigenous cultures end up among the Heretics. With their
own spiritual beliefs at odds with those of the encroaching
Europeans, many Native Americans band together for protec-
tion in the afterlife.

Wrapping It Up

With careful preparation, a ghost town should be a truly
memorable experience for players and Storytellers alike. No
other setting provides the capacity for horror and excite-
ment when one has literally no idea as to the nature or
power of the invisible foe they face. Use ghost towns
judiciously, or you risk turning the chronicle into a
series of "seek and destroy" missions and losing the
element of fear that make them so interesting.

Chapter One: Building a Better Ghost Town

ao)

aS

=-s"2 2 sl

——SF



Water:
Baton Rouge

"I suppose it would be too much to ask for the Wyrm to
get uppity in someplace pretty now, wouldn't it?"

Alabaster gazed balefully at his traveling companion. The
younger Garou, was a good scrapper (for a cub, Alabaster
corrected himself mentally) , a good drinker, and even a good
singer for those nights when they'd been drifting downstream
on Alabaster's raft in the dark. It was just that the boy had
to provide running commentary on everything, and after
three weeks of that sort of thing, Alabaster's nerves were
rubbed raw. "Luther, if the Wyrm's someplace, that place
just ain't pretty. So for the love of Gaia shut your hole ‘fore
I shut it for you." He shook his head and sniffed. "Don't
know why your sept didn't name you ‘Yammers-Too-
Damn-Much,' I surely don't."

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

Luther turned mock-hurt eyes to the older Garou. The
boy's face was smooth and unlined, and much to his despair
Nature had made it plain he was never going to be able to
grow much of a beard. His bright red hair straggled down his
back, unfashionably long for a river-hand, and his pants and
shirt were stained with the mud of the M ppi. "Now
Alabaster, don't get petty on me. You're the one who
suggested we visit this," he gestured expansively, "shining
light of civilization, while all I wanted to do was go down-
stream alittle further and get myself some authentic chartreuse
with which to render myself senseless."

Alabaster snorted. "Y'already ain't got no sense, Luther.
Don' tneed chartreuse for that." The younger Garou laughed,
and then was mercifully silent.

An hour later, the pair found themselves standing before
the gates of a pure-white building done in a poor attempt at
high Gothic style. Alabaster snorted in disgust and pulled his
hat low over his eyes, while Luther gripped the bars and
peered in at the monstrosity. Grinning like a fool, he turned


to his partner and said, "I hear Sam Clemens called this the ugliest building
) on the whole damn river. Can you believe that?"

Alabaster scratched his chin with a pale, thin finger. "I believe I can.
Why the hell would anyone want to chop down a perfectly good tree t' build
that pile is beyond me."

Luther snickered. "Maybe the Wyrm's gotten into all the archi-
tects down here. That'd be a new one, wouldn't it?"
"Mr. Tallafiero doesn't appreciate your using such talk ‘round
here, gentlemen." Both travelers turned in amazement to see
who'd addressed them thus; the fact that the newcomer had
managed to sneak up on a pair of Garou was worrisome to
both.
The speaker was a small, wizened man in a gray suit and top
hat. His hair was gray as well, and so were his eyes. The only thing
about him that wasn't gray was the black cane he held in his
wrinkled right hand; the top of the cane was tarnished silver.
"Allow me to introduce myself," the stranger said. "I'm
Belton. I work for Mr. Tallafiero, whom you might know
better as Watches-the-Waters. He has a polite request for
y'all, which is that you come by his place this evening for
dinner and cigars. If you're so gracious as to accept the
invitation, I'm sure Mr. Tallafiero will be more than
happy to help you with whatever you're looking for. He's
good at helping people, he is."

Alabaster squinted suspiciously. "How'd you know to
come find us?" he demanded of Belton. "We didn't tell
no one we were coming, not up the river at Luther's sept
nor anywhere along the way."

Belton shrugged apologetically and coughed once.
"Mr. Tallafiero has certain...agents assigned to watch
the river for people of interest, and you two are most
certainly interesting, gentlemen. Now can I report tomy
employer that you will be joining us?"

"I guess," Alabaster was still wary. "When and

where?"

Belton reached a white-gloved hand inside his gray suit

and brought out a gray card. "Magnolia House, gentlemen, at
6:30 sharp. Dress..." and he looked them up and down, "...will
be formal, and will be provided. Oh, and Mr. Tallafiero will
appreciate it if you leave the ghosts who are trailing you behind."
And with that, the little gray man turned and marched his little
gray way off into the distance.

"Well, I will be damned," Luther said, after a while.

"Most ‘certainly," Alabaster grunted back, still staring off at
where Belton had vanished into the crowd.

There was another pause, then Luther said, "You think he
was right? About the ghosts, I mean."

Alabaster shrugged, readjusted his hat. "Could be. Haven't
felt quite right about things since that last little scrap in
Mizzou; think we might have been a tetch overzealous
there."

Ghost Towns


Neither moved, for a while. Neither spoke. Men and
women, blacks and whites, Cajuns and Creoles andrivermen
walked past, each intent on their own business. English and
French calls and shouts filled the air. Far off on the river,
paddleboats' whistles shrieked; the harsh sound made Luther
and Alabaster cringe.

No ghosts made their presence felt, though, and eventu-
ally the pair of Garou ambled off, wary eyes checking every
shadow for imagined spectral pursuers. Eventually Luther
thought to ask a passerby for directions to Magnolia House,
and the "ugliest" building on the Mississippi was left far
behind.

Mind you, the ghosts were still looking at it and comment-
ing. They just figured they'd catch up to Alabaster and
Luther later.

Oh, sure, everyone thinks N'Awlins is where all the
action is. Damn town's just plumb crawling with blood-
suckers, practitioners of good ol' fashioned voodoo, and
mortal folks trying not to trip over the ‘casional zuvembie
strolling ‘round. But listen close, Baton Rouge is where
the real action is. It's where the railroads meet the ocean
shipping trade, and it's even the capital of the state, off
and on. There's power here, and money, and a very fat
man who sits with his fingers on the pulse of the river
trade. He's worth making friends with, he is, or at least
paying respect to. Then there's the ghosts, riding up and
down the river without paying the poor captains whose
ships they're a-haunting, and spooking the residents of
the city when they have a little mood come over ‘em.
Good thing ol' Marie is here to keep the spooks and
haints in line, yes it is, or no one would be getting no
sleep around here.

So come down the river. Hitch a ride on a raft or a
sidewheeler, or hobo it on the rail lines. There's plenty
to see down here, plenty to do, and some very interest-
ing folks to meet. Who knows, there could be some
money in it for you — or maybe even something better.

History

The place they call Baton Rouge dates back to the
heyday of French exploration in North America. When
voyageurs first found themselves atop a certain bluff on
the east bank of the Mississippi, they used sticks painted
red — batons rouge — to mark the limits of their
encampment. When a fort went up on the same site in
1719, the name of the place was taken from those red
sticks, and it's been Baton Rouge ever since.

The early days of the settlement were under French
rule, and remarkably free of supernatural influence.
While the occasional refugee from New Orleans —

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

which burgeoned 70 miles to the south — passed through,
none wanted to stay. On one hand, Baton Rouge was
too close to New Orleans — and the unhappy Uktena
living in the swamps outside the city. On the other,
there wasn't much in the city that made it worth risking
the danger of hanging round — and the extensive river
traffic made it easy for transients or visitors with mis-
chief on their minds to slip into town.

Mind you, all that changed in 1763. That was the
year the French ceded all of their Louisiana holdings
east of the Mississippi to the English (except New
Orleans itself); and everything to the West had already
gone to the Spanish. The change in hands brought in an
influx of English administrators and settlers, and with
them one or two Silver Fang kinfolk. The local Uktena
population kept the city free of Wyrmcomers until then,
but the seeds of change had already been planted. On
the other side of the Shroud, matters had gotten confus-
ing. As there was no Hierarchy presence to speak of
anywhere in the Louisiana territory, the souls of the
dead kept on doingas they'd been doing when they were
alive. So the freshly minted English ghosts ended up
squabbling with the French ghosts, with the Spanish
ghosts across the river aiding each side in turn depend-
ing upon who had the momentary advantage. The
closest thing to an authority in place was a small band
of Catholic Heretics who'd followed the original French
explorers, but their decrees were honored more in the
breach than anything else. The native Restless, mean-
while, had retreated upriver and west, following the
decrees of the Five Nations of the Underworld. So what
was left behind was, essentially, a mess.

By the time the 1770s rolled around, the situation
had changed dramatically. The Silver Fang Kinfolk
were a married couple by the name of Belton, business
agents for a London shipper named Tallafiero, and in
1775, the Honorable Desmond A. Tallafiero himself
arrived in the colonies in an effort to safeguard his
holdings there against the incipient trouble brewing.
The Uktena made two attempts to sabotage the Silver
Fang's entrance into Baton Rouge, but he arrived un-
harmed and immediately set up shop.

Needless to say, the following year things got even
stickier. With the outbreak of shooting, Tallafiero found
himself stranded in the barbaric colonies (Or so he
claimed — in truth he figured the opportunities there
were greater for him than they would be back home in
stodgy, hidebound England). He settled down and formed
asort of sept out of the Kinfolk and Garou who came in
and out of town on the river trade, all the while building
up his shipping holdings. Trading for news with shelter,


talens and other gewgaws, he obtained a clear picture of
what was going on elsewhere in the colonies, and
decided to stay the hell out of it. It was a beautiful plan,
and Lord knows it would have worked well, except for
the fact that in 1779, the Spanish took advantage of
England's distractions elsewhere and seized the city.

Tallafiero came through the battle and subsequent
occupation with minimal damage, but the same could
not be said for the town's ghostly population. The
French Heretics who had been the nominal rulers of the
site were swept aside by much more energetic Heretics
who'd come to the New World during the time of the
Flaying. Old and powerful, they quickly imposed a rigid
order on the city, and soulforged many "blasphemers"
into religious iconography. Other wraiths submitted,
scattered or hid, but the sack of the city had destroyed
any number of Fetters, and the rebels' position was
weak.

But while ghostly resistance fighters fled or were cut
down, one by one, things were a little different over on
the living side. Quietly, efficiently, Tallafiero started
laying the groundwork for the future. He worked with
his unorthodox sept to run guns into town under the
eyes of the Spanish sentries. He helped organize a
budding resistance, and got news — from the fledgling
United States and even overseas — smuggled into the
city. Money to finance operations went out on his boats.

And he got married, to the faithful Beltons' only
daughter, Rose. While the Beltons' remaining children
continued to work in the Tallafiero business, Rose gave
birth toa baby boy in 1809. Young Herman was to prove
a disappointment, running away from home at an early
age to serve ona sidewheeler, and never manifesting his
Garou heritage. In a half-hearted attempt to hide his
identity, he even changed his name to "Tolliver," and
his mother died of the shame of it.

But that's neither here nor there, because in Septem-
ber of 1810 the revolt that Tallafiero had been planning
forso long finally erupted. The West Floridian colonials
had finally had enough, and expelled the Spanish in a
bloody fight. By 1812 Louisiana was a state, with its
capital at New Orleans and its independence assured.
Changes were brewing on the other side of the Shroud
as well. Even as the first steamboat to go the length of
the Mississippi was making headlines, an influx of
wraiths from New Orleans — strange wraiths of Carib-
bean descent who talked of "The Island Below the Sea"
and called themselves Les Invisibles. At the same time,
the very first Hierarchy advance troops came down the

ZLLLs

river, and fortified with the emotion generated by the
rebellion, the old-time dead of the city returned with a
vengeance.

The Spanish Heretics didn't stand a chance against
the confluence of forces arrayed against them. With
their unifying influence gone, however, the remaining
factions took a few days to deal with the Hierarchy
advance forces, then returned the city to its old state of
chaos.

It wasn't that long thereafter that first Clement
Hazen, and then his sidekick Tilton came onto the
scene. They straightened the place up a bit, knocked a
few heads, and calmed the place down. They also set up
a coexistence treaty with the ghosts from down the
river, who were becoming more and more numerous as
the years passed.

Meanwhile, things were relatively anticlimactic in
the living world. Tallafiero's boy grew up, ran away and
came home; the city became the state capitol in 1849,
and the Tallafiero family got richer and richer — until
the war broke out. Baton Rouge wasn't hit as hard by the
Civil War as some towns were, at least not until 1862,
when Farragut steamed up the river (some say with
Tallafiero's help) and took the city, and then on August
5th when the Rebs tried to take it back. But with Beast
Butler firmly ensconced as governor in New Orleans,
control of Baton Rouge wasn't going anywhere. It was
back in the Union for keeps (though its status as state
capital was stripped away until 1882). The ghosts kept
their head down through that whole mess and came
through relatively unscathed, though Herman died in
the fighting and his son Davis lost an awful lot of his
ships in the bombardment. The truth was, the ghostly
part of the population was so split on who to support
(except Les Invisibles, who gave Farragut and his boys
a serious hand) that everyone was paralyzed because no
one was strong enough to do anything without getting
countered. Besides, the ghosts figured, win or lose,
they'd all have to deal with each other after the battle
ended like neighbors again.

And that brings us to the present, or at least the
present of folks like Clem Hazen and Davis Tallafiero.
Be careful with their city, mind you. It's still recovering
atouch from what's been done to it, and there's all sorts
of undesirables coming in off the river trying to make
some sort of ruckus. Mind you don't become one of those
types, you hear? Oh, and if you're Garou, check in with
Tallafiero. He'll be expecting you.

26 Ghost Towns


Clement Hazen

Background: A Renegade by default, Hazen is rap-
idly watching the Underworld of Baton Rouge crumble
around him. A soldier who'd served under OI' Hickory
himself in the War of 1812, Hazen was killed at the
Battle of New Orleans — days after the treaty ending
the war was signed. Confused and terrified, he fled the
battlefield and somehow stumbled safely through the
swamps for months. Eventually, he ended up in Baton
Rouge, which was a rough-and-tumble town for wraiths
even by the standards of the time. The Hierarchy hadn't
yet reached the town, there was no central authority,
and Heretics, Renegades, and Les Invis
at it ina three-way tug-of-war for power.

bles were going

Enter Clement Hazen, an Enfant with no clue as to
what he'd stumbled into. However, Hazen had two
advantages to work with: An utter disregard for what he
was "supposed" to be doing, and the Artifact of his rifle.
He kicked a few tails, forged a few compromis
a few things from some of the Creole wraiths that the
other whites didn't know, and emerged as the consensus
compromise candidate to hold the town together while
everyone else sorted out their business.

That was decades ago, though, and the Hierarchy is
stomping closer every day. Hazen's still serving as mayor-
cum-head buttkicker, but he's having to deal with a

s, learned

flood of refugees from Heretic and Renegade haunts
further east, an increased feistiness on the part of the
Creole wraiths, and his own aggressively uppity Shadow.

Image: Hazen is over six feet tall and whip-thin, with
a long hatchet face and a sad, sad expression. He's still
in uniform, and his hair blows wild ina wind that no one
else seems to be able to feel. Hazen's most distinguishing
feature, though, is the bullet hole in his chest, which
still contains the relic of the bullet that killed him. At
times of stress or great contemplation, Hazen will ab-
sentmindedly reach in and take out the bullet to play
with, completely unaware of the effect this has on

bystanders.

Roleplaying Hints: You're in charge, primarily be-
cause there's no one else who could handle it. The
wraith population of this town is transient as all hell, so
you're friendly to everyone and close to no one. You're
doing your best to handle all of the problems of Baton
Rouge on your own, but it's too much and you're
drowning in it, because you're too proud to ask for help.

Destiny: H:
chy agent Dameyune Wilson converts or destroys his
allies, tricks Tilton into becoming a Spectre, and then
uses that as an excuse to bring in the Legions. Hazen

s pride will be his undoing. Hierar-

tries to stop him, predictably fails, and is forged as a
Renegade in 1882.
Nature: Mediator

Demeanor: Leader

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 4

Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 2, Occult 1, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Allies 1 (Tilton), Artifact 3, Haunt 2,
Memoriam 1, Status 3

Passions: Keep Order (Duty) 3, Protect Baton Rouge
(Pride) 4

Arcanoi: Argos, Castigate, Flux 2, Outrage 4, Pande-
monium 2

Fetters: Gravestone 1, New Orleans Battlefield 2
Willpower: 8

Permanent Corpus: 8

Shadow: The Monster

Angst: 5

Thorns: Bad Luck, Wrack

Shadow Passions: Gun down rivals (Hate) 5, Show
Tilton his place (Fear) 4


Pierre Toussaint

Background: For Pierre, death has been an infinitely
preferable experience to life. Born into slavery, he was
never intended for anything more than work in the cane
fields. "Fortunately," the owner of the plantation where
Pierre was put to work considered himself to be a kind
and enlightened man. He endowed a church to see to
the spiritual needs of his slaves, and the pastor of that
church took a special interest in Pierre.

Taught to read and write by Fr. Beaulac, Pierre
displayed his knowledge before the master of the plan-
tation in hopes of achieving a promotion to the manor
house. He achieved this, but at a price — the church was
closed down, for fear that it was spreading "subversive"
ideas. Pierre went to the big house, and Fr. Beaulac went

on his way.
It was too late for Pierre, though. The house slaves
looked down on him, seeing him as an interloper who
belonged back in the field. The field hands resented
him, understanding the tie between his ascent to the
house and the departure of the local priest. And the
good Father's teachings had already started Pierre won-
dering a bit too loudly about the morality of slavery.

SSSESN

So he took the first steps down the road to revolt —
and was caught. The master of the house sorrowfully had
him flogged to death in front of the rest of his "property,"
as a lesson.

Crossing over, Pierre took his first tottering steps as
a wraith —a free wraith — on his own. He tore through
his Caul on his own. And standing in the Shadowlands,
looking over the wreck of his corpse, he swore he'd
never be bound to anyone or anything, ever again.

So when Pierre descended to the Island Below the
Sea to meet with the Loa, he did so to bargain and not
to pledge allegiance. And when he returned to the
Mirrorlands, he did so on his own agenda, not that of the
Loa. And when he hitched a ride to the mainland on a
trading vessel to see what he could find and achieve
there, he did so of his own initiative.

Pierre's been in Baton Rouge for over two years now,
and maintains a courteous but distant relationship with
Hazen. Toussaint has taken hold of the reins of power in
the community of Les Invisibles in Baton Rouge, and is
working steadily to expand his influence. He has far
more Chevaux at his disposal than Hazen has mortals
and mediums at his, and a result has been steadily
eroding the authority — and Fetters — of Hazen and his
occasional allies.

Image: Pierre is a short, powerfully built man whose
back still bears the marks of the lash. His handsare callused
and strong, and his head is clean shaven. Toussaint's time
Below the Sea has marked him, and while his Corpus isstill
as dark as his skin was in life, he occasionally has a wave of
unsettling translucence wash across him.

Roleplaying Hints: You are in charge. You have your
goals, and will not be thwarted from them. While you
don't particularly dislike anyone else, you don't particu-
larly like anyone, either. Interact with others as little as
possible, unless they're potential allies or potential
threats. Whatever you learned on the Island Below the
Sea has focused your abilities to match your desire, and
you're not hesitant about moving to take what you
want.

Destiny: When the Ivory Queen takes New Orleans,
Baton Rouge becomes the most important city in Loui-
siana for Les Invisibles. Maintaining an uneasy truce
with the Hierarchy, Toussaint is the leading voice of the
Loa in the city for at least another century.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bravo

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

28 Ghost Towns


6

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 3,
Dodge 2, Expression 2, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Leadership 5, Meditation 2, Melee 1,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 1,
Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Status 3
Passions: Be free (Defiance) 5, Help others to freedom
(Rage) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Connaisance 5, Moliate 1, Puppetry 4,
Usury 3

Fetters: Govi 5

Willpower: 10

Permanent Corpus: 10

Mait' Tete: Ogoun

Angst: 4

Thorns: Devil's Dare, Shadowplay, Wrack x3
Shadow Passions: Burn down Baton Rouge (Hatred) 3,
Destroy Hazen (Envy) 4

Marie Thibodeux

Background: Marie doesn't do voudoun, exactly. Nor
does she take clients as a medium, at least not exactly.
Instead, she just sits, and listens, and lets the ghosts talk
to her.

The ghosts, when they come, they tell Marie things.
They tell her secrets from their lives — where they hid
their money, or their baubles and trinkets, so that the
bandits and doctors wouldn't steal it after they died.
They also tell her things they've seen in the afterlife —
stories of deeds done on earth.

And so when the ghosts come to talk to Marie, telling
her these stories, she writes them down and puts the
stories in a safe place, trusting one of her nephews or
grandsons or daughters with it. Then she wraps herself
up to go traveling and makes her way through the streets
to the door of someone a ghost's told her a story about.
She'll walk up the steps and knock on the door, and
whoever answers, rich or poor, always lets her in. They
know what's going to happen if they don't.

No one knows what happens once the door swings shut
behind Marie. Maybe she helps people. Maybeshe tells‘em
that she knows their sec! she always walks
out with a handful of money, which she takes home and
hides someplace her ghostly friends can watch over it.

Then she sits and waits for the next visitor.

Image: A big-boned woman in her 60s, Marie is still
alert and energetic. She wears white cotton, island-
style, and never goes out without her head being covered.
Her face was beautiful once, and you can still see the
traces of that beauty that time hasn't eroded away.

Roleplaying Hints: Sit and wait for the ghosts to tell
you what you need to know. Never renege on the
bargains you make with them; you know better than to
do that. Honor their requests, though the ghosts from
the Islands are generally more polite about asking you
than the white ghosts are. If someone comes to you for
help, make sure they're sincere and respectful before
offering any — and double-check with the ghosts.

Destiny: Marie lives to the age of 103, still passing on
tidbits from the other side until the day she dies. The
respect the town has for her wanes, though, and her last
years are not happy ones. On the bright side, she is
warmly greeted by many of her former informants when
she crosses over, and eventually becomes an Anacreon
for the Iron Legion.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Survivor

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Awareness 4, Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Spiritual Awareness 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Body Reading 4, Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Survival 3

A


NX

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2,
Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5

Merits and Flaws: Easy Consort, Speaker with the Dead

Watches-the-Waters

Background: Herman Tallafiero inherited his money
from the river trade, moving anything that people
wanted moved. He worked fast, cheap and without any
questions, and before long improved for himself an
empire of paddleboats and river rats that dwarfed the
father had created. Satisfied, he set himself up in

ssy on his riverboat

one hi
imperial style, getting fat and
profits while watching the river trade expand.

Three years later, there was a knock on his door.
Outside was a young man, already showing signs of
going to fat, who claimed to be Tallafiero's illegitimate

son. Now Herman was a lot of things, but he wasn't a
liar, and he could see his features in the boy's face.
'Sides, he hadn't married and was looking for someone

to be ready to take over the business from him when he
passed on, and here was fate, dropping an heir in his lap.
He took the young man, who called himself Davis
Tolliver, in, made him change his name back to
Tallafiero, and "adopted" him. Then he set about turn-
ing young Davis into the spitting image of a young
Herman, and did as good a job as might be expected.
That was a dozen years ago. Herman is dead now, and
Davis — whose mother Herman had dallied with so
long ago — now sits on top of the machine that his
father built. He controls a good chunk of the river trade,
and a ton of the peripheral businesses — suppliers,
brothels, saloons, wagon teamsters — as well. That
allows him to keep a gimlet eye on what comes into and

what goes out of town, and more importantly, who
comes in and out as well.

Image: Davis is hugely fat, and in Homid form needs
to walk with the aid of a gold-handled cane. His com-
s what's left of his hair, and he

plexion isa florid red,
wears the finest suits that the river trade can send to
him. In wolf form, Tallafiero is still roly-poly, but he
. He'sactually quite
burly in addition to being fat, and in Crinos form he's

moves with reasonable effectivene:

positively enormous.

Roleplaying Hints: You keep track of all the Garou
who come into and go out of town, and can move things
— or people — for other Garou without any questions
asked. You're possessive of both your city and your
property, and will act swiftly to crush any threat to
either. Do folks favors — it doesn't cost you anything

=<

youcan'tafford, and it's always nice having folks all over
the country owing you one. By this point enough Garou
scattered over enough territory owe you one that nobody's
dumb enough to renege, lest you call in someone else's
marker to set the matter straight.

Destiny: Finally called upon to fight his own battle
when something big, ugly and Wyrm-tainted comes
oozing down the river in 1875, Tallafiero is killed while
buying time for his foreman Gerry Corbin and several
others to get away and summon reinforcements. He
does not kill the beast, but wounds it enough that
Corbin is able to kill it later. Watches-the-Waters never
marries, and leaves his estate to the Beltons, with
instructions to look for a successor to take up his duties.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Silver Fangs
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/0/2/2), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 1,
Empathy 4, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Larceny 5,
Primal Urge 1, Subterfuge 5

Ghost Towns


Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Melee 1, Leadership 4,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Culture 2, Investigation 3, Law 4, Lin-
guistics 2, Politics 4, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Fetish 2, Kinfolk 1,
Pure Breed 3, Resources 5, Rites 2

Gifts: (1)Eminent Domain, Persuasion, Resist Pain,
Scent of the True Form, Sense Wyrm (2)Call to Arms,
Commanding Voice, Mend the Forked Tongue,
Staredown (3)Disquiet, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways
Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Rites: Moot Rite, Rite of Cleansing

Fetishes: Dream Catcher

Other Characters
Kinfolk

Harris and Abraham Belton

Harris Belton's family has been in service to the
Tallafiero's since the early 1700s. He and his twin brother
Abraham are the last members of the Belton family, as
neither has taken wife nor produced any illegitimate heirs
(the very notion would shock both Belton Brothers silly).
Instead, they work for Watches-the-Waters. Harris runs
Tallafiero's household, serving as head of staff and essen-
tially the Garou's eyes and hands foradministrative matters
in town. Abraham is the business' factotum, and runs
Tallafiero's shipping concerns with remarkable efficiency.
Both are shy, unassuming men who just happen to be crack
shots — even Tallafiero's imposing reputation doesn't
keep the occasional riverhand from getting rambunctious.
The brothers are on the far side of fifty, slender without
being frail and possessed of full heads of silver hair. Both
dress impeccably well; the only way to tell them apart is
that Abraham uses a gold-handled cane, while Harris' is
silver.

Wraiths

Dameyune Wilson

Wilson is the latest Hierarchy agent sent into town;
unlike the others, he's gota solid head on his shoulders.
Rather than announcing his presence with sword drawn,
he came in on one of the ghostly sternwheelers that
occasionally dock at the would-be Necropolis posing as
a riverhand looking for a place to hide out for a while.

An imposing man over six-foot two, Wilson was part
of Benedict Arnold's expeditionary force to Canada. A
victim of exposure while on the march, he gravitated

Far

back to his home town of New York — and to the
Hierarchy Citadel there. For the past few decades, he's
been instrumental in bringing the Hierarchy to places
like Philadelphia, Harrisburg, Pittsburgh, and then on
down the Ohio and Mississippi rivers. Marked indelibly
with the sigils of both Outrage and the Emerald Legion,
Wilson is surprisingly subtle, and one hell of a recruiter
for the Hierarchy. He's also very good at observation

and at scouting out an enemy's weaknesses — and he
thinks he's gotten Hazen's number.

Annabelle Lapin

One of the old-time rebels, Annabelle has been in
Baton Rouge as long as the British have. She died of
yellow fever during the heady nights of 1764, right after
the English took over the territory of West Florida. A
slip of a young woman, not yet married but casting
wistful eyes at the newly arrived Belton, she thankfully
died before her parents and younger sister did. God must
have had reason for being especially merciful to her,
because she didn't emerge from her Caul until they'd
passed on to wherever weaker souls go.

These days Annabelle watches over the Belton
family's remaining scions, and there are times when she
suspects her Shadow is the reason neither of the twins
ever married. After all, both men are dead ringers for
their grandfather, who died so long ago unaware of
Lapin's feelings for him.

Jeremiah Tilton

Tilton may be the only real friend Hazen's got,
though how much a friend he really is remains to be
seen. Another veteran of the Battle of New Orleans,
Tilton survived another 13 years after the fight before
succumbing to some disease or other that made him
cough up his lungs in bloody chunks. Tall and rangy, he
brought his squirrel gun over to the other side with his
ghost, and stomped his way across Louisiana from
Natitoches to Baton Rouge when he heard his old buddy
was ostensibly in charge there. For the last few decades,
Tilton has been Hazen's best friend and sidekick, not to
mention his backup in fights and his muscle when laws
needed enforcing. Mind you, Tilton's also got a hair-
trigger temper, a Shadow that shakes itself loose way too
often anda rep for being a little too quick with that relic
squirrel gun.

Les Invisibles

Chavis

Chavis isa river man, a man who talks to Damballah
and Legba and tells their secrets to Toussaint when the
man comes out to see him. Chavis has sworn never to set

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns al


SSSESN

OX)

foot on shore, so he dwells on the boats who tie up at the
city's docks, or that pass by in the night. He's a fey man,
given to casting oracles by looking in the water and
passing on those secrets to those who come down
tosee him. He's been known to call to the living
and the dead to pass on his wisdom, and he
talks to white as well as black. Chavis is a
plain talker, not much given to riddles or
mysteries, but instead doling out truth to
those he thinks need to hear it.
Ida Reboulet
Ida was a freedwoman, a house slave on

a plantation who learned to read and

write at a local church and who bought

her freedom with the money she made on
those rare Sundays her owner let her have
to work for herself. With the extra money
she had, she left New Orleans with the
idea of heading up north to start a new life.
She never made it. A lone freedwoman
traveling the river was just the sort of prey

a couple of riverboat sharps were looking

for. During the dogwatch the third night

out of New Orleans, they cornered and
robbed her, then threatened to sell her asa
runaway.

She threw herself over the side instead
and made for shore, but never got that far.
The boat she was on was a sidewheeler, and
one of the paddles caught her on the side of
the head. Knocked out, she went down like a
stone.

Now Ida haunts the riverbank just upstream
from the city, waiting for the men who robbed
her tocome back downstream. They're going to
come back, she knows, one of these days. In the
meantime, though, she's fallen in with Toussaint,
who sees her as both a potential ally and a
= kindred soul.

Garou

Steers-by-Starlight

A riverhand who works flatboats as opposed
to steamers, Steers-by-Starlight is a Strider
who finds the infinite variety up and down
the river to be good enough for him. Almost
six anda half feet tall in Homid form, Steers-
\ en by-Starlight is a thin, silvery wolf with

we a yin ay, ~~ 07 mismatched eyes. In his guise as a bargeman
in he works cargoes for Tallafiero (and others),

Py a
Voy
Wr }

32 Ghost Towns


occasionally accepting assignments and at other times
bringing back tidbits of information. Half the time he
doesn't even take work, preferring to run up and down
the river looking for news or signs of the Wyrm.

When dealing with humans, Steers-by-Starlight goes
by the name of Jakob, and is accounted one of the better
hands to be had on the river. Legendary for his tacitur-
nity, Jakob's reserve is only broken when someone pulls
out a mouth-harp; he's been known to play for hours
when the muse touches him.

Ellen Riverhawk

Down New Orleans way, there's a treaty between the
vampires in the city and the Uktena out in the swamps,
and that's just fine for them. Up closer to Baton Rouge,
there's no deal, and that's one of the reason's the city's
been kept Leech-free so far. Ellen's Uktena, of Caddo
blood and not in a forgiving mood. Her tribe ceded its
lands back in 1835; she's been decidedly unhappy about
the matter her whole life and has been taking out her
aggression on anything coming down the river that
displeases her.

Ellen lives in a deceptively ramshackle hut about
three miles down the river from Baton Rouge, where she
can keep an eye on the deep-water traffic coming into
the city. When a cargo smells funny to her, she takes
action. The rest of the time, she makes a living off sailors
who come to her for "charms" and fortunetelling.
Tallafiero loathes her with a passion, but isn't about to
make a move against her; her presence serves as a check
against Watches-the-Waters' baser instincts when he
gets tempted to try to sidestep Gaia and ship something
that isn't quite pure.

Gerry Corbin

Gerry is one of the very few permanent Garou resi-
dents of Baton Rouge. A foreman on Tallafiero's docks,
he's Watches-the-Waters' muscle when situations come
up that the Beltons can't handle. The rest of the time,
he runs the gangs that load and unload Tallafiero's
cargoes, and keeps an eye on who comes and goes along
the waterfront.

Corbin is Fianna, and a recent immigrant to the
United States. He came in ona ship that ran Liverpool-
New York-Baton Rouge (the city is the last deepwater
port on the Mississippi with both sea and rail access),
was spotted by a few of the spirits Watches-the-Waters
keeps bound as lookouts, and was offered a job if he'd
stick around. Corbin quickly accepted, and has been
Tallafiero's #1 bullyboy ever since.

In his natural form, Corbin is only 5'8", but built like
the lower two-thirds of a rock outcropping. While he's
going bald up top, Corbin's arms and chest have a
thorough dusting of fiery red hair, and he's also the
proud bearer of a full beard and mustache.

Connections

In a town with as transient a population as
Baton Rouge, it's hard for everyone to know
everyone. Still, here's a short list of which
members of the Awakened population are
aware of one another.

¢ Annabelle knows exactly what the Belton
family is, and by extension all of the Garou
associated with the Tallafiero house and busi-
ness. They are all unaware of her presence,
though she will violate the Dictum Mortuum
blatantly to protect the Beltons from harm.

¢ Chavis knows everyone. Abraham is
aware of something not quite right on the
water, but has no idea what it is. Corbin, on
the other hand, has spoken with Chavis, and
reported the conversation to Tallafiero.

* Ellen knows and has spoken to all of the
river ghosts, but none of the other Garou save
Tallafiero. The Beltons won't go near her
place.

* Tallafiero has had some sort of dealings
with both Toussaint and Hazen, and is hedg-
ing his bets while he sees who comes out on
top. He is as yet unaware of the Hierarchy
incursion.

* Marie knows all of the Dead, and not a
few of the living. Surprised? You shouldn't be.

Story Ideas

For Garou

© The pack comes into town on a riverboat following a
Wyrm-tainted shipment someone's slipped onto one of
Tallafiero's vessels. He sees the pack as a bunch of ignorant
pups out to wreck his profits; they see him as a tool of the
Wyrm. Much chaos ensues. Can the characters find the
real culprit before Tallafiero decides to have them disposed
of once and forall —and what happens to the watch along
the river if they pack somehow succeeds in taking down
Watches-the-Waters?

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 39

VLLLLLES,


SSS

XX)

¢ Ellen targets the ship the characters are on, mount-
ing hit and run raids of increasing severity. Can the
characters find out what's happening and stop it with-
out things getting out of hand? And will Ellen listen to
the characters, considering the fact that there just
might be something rotten on the ship after all?

© The characters are immigrants, getting offan ocean-
going vessel in Baton Rouge to avoid the Leeches in
New Orleans. They're alone and pretty much friendless
— but of course Tallafiero will be there to lend a helping
hand. The question is, what will he ask for in return?

For Wraiths

© The Circle is the Hierarchy second team. Their
mission is to infiltrate the town, make contact with
Wilson, and begin disposing of or converting the resi-
dent population. Of course, this sounds a lot easier than
it is, and Wilson just might be willing to sacrifice the
Circle to protect his own cover if he feels the time isn't
right.

© Hazen approaches the Circle and asks for their
help. Someone's been flushing wraiths on the fringes of
town down into Harrowings, and one witness has pinned
the dirty deeds on Tilton. Hazen's reluctant to move in
on his best friend without more evidence — a lot more
evidence — so he asks the characters to follow Tilton
and find out what's been going on. Mind you, Tilton
won't take kindly to this behavior if he spots the
characters — and neither will his Shadow. And what
will the characters do if they decide their target isn't the
culprit (It's Wilson), but he sees their suspicious behav-
ior and decides that they're to blame?

¢ Chavis buttonholes the Circle before they get into
town with word that one of them is going to meet his end
in the city, but that they've got to go in anyway. Why?
Some of the old Spanish Heretics are back as
Doppelgangers, and they're looking for vengeance.
Hazen's got his hands full already, and he's going to need
help stopping them — and how much will the Circle
sacrifice for the sake of strangers?

Across the Shroud

© The Pack sets up shop in Baton Rouge and starts
systematically reducing sites they think are Wyrm-tainted
— but start knocking off Fetters in the process. Will they
do enough damage to unite the squabbling wraiths of the
city, and what's going to happen to them if they do?

© Chavis has been having premonitions of some-
thing terrible about to hit the city in the Skinlands, and
he needs agents to do something about it. That means
talking to Marie, and getting her to get the Garou

34 Ghost Towns

involved. But will the characters listen to her without
proof, and what sort of reaction will they get from the
rest of the town if they ignore her?

© Some of the ghosts that Ellen's made come upriver
looking for blood, and they're not picky where they get
it from. All Garou are fair game, in their eyes, so they go
to work on Tallafiero and his people. Will the charac-
ters interfere, or try to trace the wraiths' rage back to its
source? And if they do, how will they deal with Ellen,
who has very good justification for what she's done.

Hatter's Well

The shadows stretched across the desert when Hatter's
Well came into view, nestled in a valley among ragged ochre
cliffs. Overhead, the Arizona sky blazed like a giant campfire
suspended from the setting sun. A small river wound its way
off into the distance, reflecting the fiery splendor of the
heavens. Cooking fires burned in the town's homes, their
smoke rising into the sky. The evening's first oil lamps
illuminated the windowframes, causing the buildings to
appear as though they opened their eyes like animals waking
up as darkness falls.

"Civilization," said Walker, the Iron Rider, with a re-
lieved sigh as he shifted in his saddle. "And not a moment too
soon. My behind's so damn sore I can't feel my legs!"

"Yeah, and they're raping Gaia like everywhere else they
take their civilization," Red Eagle said coldly, gesturing at the
wooden towers and viaducts jutting over the hilltops, tell-tale
signs of mining operations.

"Let's not start that again!" Walker said. "Look, if it
wasn't for civilization, we wouldn't be riding these horses —
they're not native to this here land, you know. Plus, ifnot for
civilization, we wouldn't be smelling that wonderful smell of
steak cooking." He tookadeep breath. "Ah, smell that. ..let's
find the saloon, now!"

"Stop." Lilly held up a hand, smelling the breeze, her pale
face creasing in a frown. "Wait. Don't you smell it?"

"Yeah. It's dinner."

"No. Not that. Deeper..."

Red Eagle sniffed the wind. The annoyance that had been
evident on his face was replaced with a mixture of anger and
disgust. "By the Great Spirit! Can it really be so strong?"

"What is it?" Walker sniffed at the breeze. "I don't smell
anything."

"That's because your sense are dulled by too many cigars
and too much alcohol. If you spent more time away from
your precious civilization, you'd smell it, too," Red Eagle
quipped


"Smell what?!" Walker said, exasperated.

"The Storm Eater. This whole valley's been poisoned by
the Storm Eater..."

Hatter's Well was first settled in 1854, by a group of
Mormon farmers who coexisted peacefully with the
Navajo tribes in the area, and who were far enough away
from any caerns to not pose a threat to local werewolves.
Further, one of Hatter's wives had the blood of the Black
Furies tribe flowing through her veins, causing the
Garou who dwelt in the region to permit the farmers to
live peacefully, watching for males and females of their
number to develop among them. After being virtually
wiped out by violence shortly after the War Between the
States, Hatter's Well was reborn and grew larger than
ever before due to the discovery of silver in nearby
mountains.

A History of
Hatter's Well

In 1852, Mormon patriarch Ezekiel Hatter, his four
wives and 17 children left Salt Lake City and headed
south. He had feuded with church leaders on several
issues and had finally had enough. Hatter and his family
headed south and settled in northern Arizona. A well-
educated, industrious man who had suffered persecution
for his religious beliefs while living in Missouri got along
well with the local natives, avoiding many of the prob-
lems suffered by other settlers in the territory. He and
his kin traded extensively with the natives, and it is said
that Navajos even helped build the fences around
Hatter's fields.

In 1854, Hatter discovered an underground spring
not far from where he had settled, and for six months he
and his family labored to turn it into a well. Their efforts
were successful, and they then irrigated their fields from
two sources of water — the nearby stream they had been
using since settling there, and the well. They were so
successful in their farming efforts that they found them-
selves with enough food to not only trade with the
Navajo, but they were also able to sell or donate food to
the other settlers who trickled into the region in in-
creasing numbers. The Hatters kept their Mormonism
at a relatively low pitch, shying away from the mission-
ary efforts normally central to their faith — this had
been at the heart of Hatter's conflict with the other
Mormon leaders. By mid-1860, a second Mormon fam-
ily and three non-Mormon families had settled in the
area and the community known as Hatter's Well was
firmly established.

Ezekiel Hatter died of pneumonia in the winter of 1867,
a few months before the waves of violence started by the
War Between the States hit the burgeoning community. A
group of bloodthirsty bandits were fleeing westward froma
group of hired guns assembled by some of their victims. It
is unknown exactly what happened in Hatter's Well that
fateful day, but when the posse arrived in search of their
quarry, they found all the bandits dead — many of them
savagely mutilated — and all but three of the townsfolk
shot to death. The three survivors were young Ruth Hatter
and her three-year-old daughter Mary, and a former slave
named Harlan. The Hatters had been hiding in a wood-
shed, but Harlan escaped from being lynched by the
renegades...with help from whatever had killed them.
Harlan was unable to tell the gunmen what transpired in
the town as he had been driven insane by whatever it was
he saw. He died two days later, after raving incessantly
about monsters emerging from the mouth of Hell itself.

Ruth insisted on staying at Hatter's Well, despite the
urging of the hired guns to the contrary. But, as her fate
wasn't their concern, after burying the citizens of Hatter's
Well, they gathered up what remained of the bandits
and rode eastward to collect the balance of the money
they were owed. Only one of them, Michael Lafferty,
remained behind. He had fallen in love with Ruth, and
he chose to see to her safety rather than collect money.

Ruth herself died during the summer of 1868, her
heart broken from the loss of her large family. Michael
and Mary lived alone in the decaying remains of Hatter's
Well for four years, until 1872 when a prospector named
Wyatt Turnball arrived in the town, practically dead
from thirst. The pair nursed him back to health, and in
gratitude he shared his discovery with them: He had
found silver in the hills near the town.

Within three months, Michael, Mary, and Wyatt had
developed their claim to the point where they could hire
workers tomine thesilverfor them. Word spread thatsilver
had been struck, and soon miners flocked to the area in the
hopes of striking it rich. Michael, Mary and Wyatt's mine
continued to be the most successful in the area.

The community grew steadily. The close proximity of
the silver mines to both the river and the well dug by
Hatter's family caused it to grow quicker than other boom
towns. Ifanything slowed the growth of the town, it was the
recurring legends of devils and ghosts roaming the hills
around the mines. Periodic outbursts of violence also
plagued Hatter's Well, spurring gunfights among friends
and causing partners in mining ventures to kill each other.
Locals believed the violence to have been prompted by a

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 35


combination of too much greed and too much whiskey, but
the truth was far more sinister — creatures born of the
Storm Eater were at the root of much of it.

By 1880, Hatter's Well is a booming rough-and-
tumble mining town that was home to 1,200 men,
women and children. The town sports five different
saloons (three of which double as brothels), twochurches,
two undertakers and one school. Michael Lafferty serves
as the town's sheriff and keeps as much law and order as
is possible with the rowdy miners. Recently, after a mob
of miners lynched one of the saloon owners for charging
too much for whiskey, he established an ordnance that
forbids anyone except the sheriff and his deputies to
carry guns within town limits.

The Secrets of
Hatter's Well

Beings beyond human knowledge and comprehension
dwell in the Storm Umbra near Hatter's Well, breeding
foul and unnatural creations. In truth, Hatter's Well is the
center of a particularly nasty twist of the Weaver. Caerns
cannot be created within a 100-mile radius as they quickly
become corrupted, and the poisoning of the land caused by
heavy silver mining in the hills around Hatter's Well
brings forth the twisted spawn of the Storm Eater from the
very silver veins that the miners have come to extract.

The Guardian of the
Well

Ezekiel Hatter loved his family more than life itself.
His desire was that Hatter's Well would be a safe haven
for them, and he continues to protect what he views as
the most important part of the town — the well — even
after his death. Hatter continues to exist as a powerful
wraith, and he slew several of the bandits who attacked
the town when they tried poisoning the well.

Ezekiel Hatter

Background: Ezekiel was a stern and loving father
and a devoted husband. When he fell victim to illness,
Hatter felt that his duty to his family and the commu-
nity he had built with their help had not yet been fully
discharged. Thus, with what he believes to be the
blessing of the Lord, he has stayed on Earth to continue
executing his responsibilities.

SSS SEqN

Image: Ezekiel Hatter appears like a broad-faced
white man in his early 50s. He is powerfully built and
appears to be in the best of health. His once-dark hair is
now shot through with iron gray. He dresses in a black
suit and a wide-brimmed black hat. He carries no
personal effects.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a peaceful man for whom
violence is a last resort. However, you are also a strong
believer in Biblical justice, and you feel that evil men
who live by the sword deserve to die by the sword.

Since your death, you have grown aware of many threats
to Hatter's Well —threats that emerge from the mines and
creatures who must be spawned from Hell itself. You have
also discovered that you are not the only guardian of your
family —a strange half-human, half-beast woman rose to
its aid when the outlaws struck at Hatter's Well. She has
since explained that she is a "werewolf," a strange breed
whose blood flows in the veins of your last surviving child,
Mary, blood given to her through her mother. Named
Helen, this werewolf has promised to teach Mary all she
needs to know about her strange abilities to change into
powerful animal forms.

There are also other wraiths like yourself, some evil,
some indifferent toward the town and your family.
Some wraiths have come into being through your ac-
tions, while others have come into existence through
acts of senseless violence. You vainly tried to recruit


them to help you guard the town, but discovered that
the others are wrapped up in their own goals. Still, you
watch them all, ready to react to and eliminate any
threat that may present itself.

Destiny: Ezekiel Hatter remains a protector of the
community he helped found to this very day. His grand-
children and great-grandchildren still live in the city,
and are among the leading citizens there.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Leader

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 1, Leadership 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Medicine 1, Occult 1, Politics 1, Religion 2,
Science |

Backgrounds: Allies 1 (Black Fury Garou; see Helen
Virtis, below), Eidolon 2, Haunt 1 (the well at the
center of Hatter's Well), Memoriam 4

Passions: Protect Hatter's Well (Fear) 5

Arcanoi: Lifeweb 2, Outrage 4, Pandemonium 3, Pup-
petry 3,

Fetters: Well 5, Hatter family 3, Old Hatter homestead 2
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Permanent Corpus: 8

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 4

Thorns: Shadow Familiar 5

Shadow Passions: Protect Hatter's Well (Greed) 5

The Guardian of the
Hatters

Ezekiel Hatter's third wife, Ruth, was a young woman
with dark hair and Semitic features. She was, unknown
to her, a Kinfolk of the long, proud bloodline of the
Black Furies. The primal blood lay dormant in her, but
there was a chance that any daughters she bore might be
werewolves, so the tribe kept careful and quiet watch
over her.

Ruth's first guardian was New Moon Ebony, a cagey
Ragabash, but when Ezekiel broke away from the other
Mormons in Salt Lake City, it became impossible for her
to watch over Ruth and her own offspring effectively.
Years went by during which only occasional checks on
the Hatters were undertaken, but when news reached
the Black Furies that Ruth had given birth toadaughter,

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

Helen Virtis relocated from her home in Kansas to
Hatter's Well. Helen arrived just in time to save Ruth
and the young Mary from the murderous cutthroats who
decimated the town in 1868. Her fortuitous arrival
forced her to break the veil, and, although Ruth and
Mary were both protected by the Delirium, a freed slave
by the name of Harlan was not so lucky. The sight of
Helen assuming Crinos form drove him mad.

Helen spent the next few years watching her charges
from afar, hiding on the outskirts of Hatter's Well and
spending most of her time in wolf form. She wept
bitterly when Ruth died from her broken heart, but her
spirits soared as Mary exhibited signs of her Garou
nature. Even froma distance, Helen could see that Mary
was distraught by the unnatural ochre and gray areas of
lifeless rocks that turned up in ever-greater numbers
near the silver mines.

After it became apparent to Helen that she would not
be able to stop the influx of miners to Hatter's Well, she
moved to town to become its schoolmistress. She hid
her true nature from the growing populace of the city
while keeping a closer eye on Mary than before — she
knew the girl would soon experience her first change,
and Helen wanted to be close at hand to help her
through it.

Mary grew into a beautiful young woman, and she
went through her first change at 17 aftera young miner's
advances flustered and scared her. The young man paid
for his indiscretion with his life, bur Helen managed to
ease the trauma Mary suffered. For a little over a year
now, Helen has been teaching Mary the ways of the
Black Furies. The young Garou has discovered the
existence of the Storm Eater's spawn in the mines.
Currently, Helen struggles to keep her increasingly
overconfident charge from attempting to battle the
Storm Eater before she has fully mastered her Gifts or
learned all that Helen has to teach.

Once Helen made her presence known in Hatter's
Well, Ezekiel Hatter approached her with an offer of aid
and support. The two share an interest in ensuring that
Mary grows up safely, and a rare alliance between werewolf
and wraith grows stronger as the influence of the Storm
Eater increases in the area around Hatter's Well.

The harshness of the Savage West has not taken a
visible toll on Helen, and as one of the few unmarried
women in Hatter's Well who is not a "saloon girl" and
still has her good looks, she is the object of many suitors'
affections. Helen has given some thought to her respon-
sibility toward continuing her bloodline, but she knows
she must wait for the right man.


Helen Virtis

Background: Helen was raised by her grandmother
after her parents were slain by Black Spiral Dancers in
Greece. In order to escape the increasing violence and
decay of the Old World, the two Black Furies traveled
to the United States.

Helen and her grandmother settled in Kansas. She
learned the traditions of the Black Furies while living
there, and became an adult during a battle against a
vicious band of Storm-Born that were terrorizing iso-
lated settlements. When Helen heard about a Black
Fury cub who needed a new watcher, she volunteered
for the task and relocated to Hatter's Well.

Since she has started teaching Mary Hatter, Helen has
entertained the hope that she might open the young
woman's mind to more thoughts and possibilities than her
deeply religious background and upbringing allows for.

Image: Helen Virtis is a lean woman in her mid-30s.
She has olive skin, brown eyes and long black hair in
which the first strands of gray have started to appear.
She favors dresses that are dark in color, though she can
frequently be seen wearing more practical men's cloth-
ing when she is at home. Helen's lupus form has black
fur that is shot through with gray.

Roleplaying Hints: You are friendly, outgoing, and
well-liked by the citizens of Hatter's Well. Publicly, you
serve as the community's school teacher, but privately
your primary interest lies in teaching Mary Hatter about
her nature and aspects. While you decline the advances
of your suitors gracefully, you don't accept any nonsense
from men who would try to force themselves on you,
either physically or emotionally.

On the other hand, youare aware that youaren't getting
any younger. You have a responsibility to bear young so
that your line may continue, and you need to find asuitable
mate. So far, you have only met one man in your life who
you can respect — and no other man will father your child.
Unfortunately, a pack of Storm-Born slew him a few years
ago. Ever since, you have tried getting over the memory of
his strong presence while searching for his equal.

Destiny: Helen is killed three years from now in a
battle against spawn of the Storm Eater. Her husband is
left to raise their infant daughter alone.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Furies

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

SSSHSSN

ZALL,

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 4, Expression 2, Primal Urge 2

Skills: Crafts 1, Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 5

Knowledges: Culture 3, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 1, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1 (the sheriff of Hatter's Well),
Fetish 1, Rites 3

Gifts: (1) Jam Gun, Persuasion, Sense Wyrm, Song of
the Seasons; (2) Command Spirit, Commanding Voice;
(3) Devil Talons, Disquiet, Pulse of the Invisible
Rank: 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Rites: (Accord) Rite of Reconciliation; (Death) Wake
Rite; (Mystic) Rite of Binding

Fetishes: Medicine Bag

Mary Hatter

Background: Mary is the only surviving daughter of
Ezekiel Hatter, the man who founded Hatter's Well.
After most of her family was slaughtered by outlaws, she

became the ward of a gunslinger who is now the sheriff
of Hatter's Well.


Upon her First Change, a fellow Black Fury, Helen,
approached Mary and told her that she is a descendent
of a proud and ancient line of Garou. Helen has been
teaching Mary about Black Fury culture and the powers
she can wield.

Image: Mary is a tall, shapely and graceful young
woman who carries herself with inborn dignity — the
fact that she is of a pure breed shows in both her human
and wolf forms. She has chestnut brown hair, dark green
eyes and fair skin. She favors dresses that are light in
color, and frequently tries to keep up with fashion.
Mary's wolf form is sleek and its coat as black as night.

Roleplaying Hints: You know you are a woman of
great allure, but you also know you must remain faithful
to your Mormon beliefs; you must keep all men at bay
until you find the one who God has ordained will be
your husband. You abruptly and rudely turn down any
advances on the part of men, the vigor of your rejections
only slightly less severe than what either of your guard-
ians visit upon the man who can't take no for an answer.

You also are keenly interested in limiting the damage
miners do to the landscape around Hatter's Well. You've
loved its rugged beauty your whole life. Helen tells you
that the love of nature is in your blood. Were it up to
you, the miners would all be driven from the region and
the land would be restored to what it looked like when
while you were growing up.

You have adjusted to the truth about your heritage —
that you are a member of a grand and ancient race that
isa breed apart from the rest of humanity. However, you
are still uncertain if everything Helen teaches is right
and proper. Some of the rites she has shown you bring
to mind the kind of pagan acts the Bible warns against.
You are currently trying to decide if Helen is both
helping and hurting you...helping your body while cor-
rupting your soul to the point where you won't ascend
to be with God when you die.

Destiny: After Helen is killed, in part due to inaction
on Mary's part — Mary continues struggling with her
doubts over whether Helen was corrupting her or not —
the young Garou devotes her life to battling the Storm
Eater whole-heartedly, while working toward pulling
the various tribes of Garou closer together. Mary fears
that her own distrust of Helen might be acommon thing
among Garou, and feels that they need to pull together.
She dies of old age in 1937, after helping Helen Virtis'
granddaughter come of age and master her Garou birth-
right.

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Black Furies

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appear-
ance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expression 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts: Sewing 3, Firearms 1,
Performance (Singing) 2, Ride 1

Knowledges: Culture (Mormonism) 2, Medicine 2,
Politics 1

Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Pure Breed 2, Resources 2
Gifts: (1) Jam Gun, Sense Wyrm, Song of the Seasons
Rank: 1

Rage 2, Gnosis 1, Willpower 6

Rites: (Mystic) Rite of Binding

The Phantom of the
Wagon Wheel Saloon

As Hatter's Well grew with the influx of miners, so
did the number of saloons in the town. While Ezekiel
Hatter was alive, he would never have allowed such
establishments within 10 miles of the town that bears
his name, but now there are five different watering holes
along the town's main street, three of which double as
brothels.

The oldest of these is the Wagon Wheel Saloon, a
three-story structure that serves drinks and food, pro-
vides tables for gambling, and rents rooms with or
without women. It is currently owned and operated by
Dugan Smith, an Easterner who acquired the establish-
ment after settling debts left in the wake of the previous
owner's demise.

Shortly after Dugan took control of the saloon,
stories of it being haunted began to circulate. A cus-
tomer known for beating up the pleasure girls was
thrown froma window, while acardsharp's cheating was
revealed when his cards were suddenly yanked from his
hands—and sleeves. Dugan himself found it impossible
to sleep in the building until he stopped charging the
girls extra for their rooms. Although the ghost is rarely
heard from and never seen, it almost always haunts
cardsharps and other lowlife who try to take advantage
of others at the saloon.

The haunting seems to be centered on the former
owner's bedroom, so it is widely held that the ghost
haunting the saloon is the spirit of Willis O'Neill.
O'Neill was lynched by angry miners after a competitor
accused him of watering down his whiskey during a time

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 39


oR

when the saloons were having a hard time getting
shipments. The belief is that he is atoning for his sins of
greed.

For once, conventional wisdom is almost correct.
The ghost is indeed the restless spirit of Willis O'Neill,
haunting the saloon because of his great feelings of guilt
over his actions while he was alive.

Willis O'Neill

Background: O'Neill moved to Hatter's Well in
order to make a mint off hungry, thirsty and love-
starved miners. Securing loans and recruiting women,
he built the three-story building that still houses the
saloon to this day.

O'Neill's only goal was to make as much money as
quickly as he could; he toyed with the idea of expanding
his saloon into a general store, but the manager of the
general store was friends with the sheriff. He didn't want
to attract undue attention to himself. Instead, he mis-
treated the women by forcing them to work extra-long
hours and pay for their room and board, and charged too
much for his whiskey. He had a few cardsharps on
regular retainer who "drifted into town" on an irregular
basis and took miners for all they were worth while
giving O'Neill a percentage of the take.

Finally, five years ago, O'Neill decided he wanted to
move back East and open a respectable restaurant some-
time within two years. He needed to supplement his
income, and one way he did this was to establish his
saloonas the only place to get whiskey in Hatter's Well.
O'Neill hired a group of cutthroats to attack a wagon
train carrying whiskey and other supplies for the sa-
t was the last shipment of the season before the
winter sealed the mountain passes to the east and west.
By attacking the shipment and stealing the whiskey, he
ensured that the Wagon Wheel was the only place the
miners could get whiskey. (O'Neill claimed he'd been
stockpiling the whiskey for a while, and that he'd
"gotten lucky." In truth, he was restocking his supply
from a hidden cave several miles out of town.)

loons

O'Neill doubled his whiskey prices, and the miners
paid it. However, his envious competitors spread rumors
that the reason O'Neill seemed to have an inexhaust-
ible supply of whiskey was because he was watering it
down. One night, O'Neill decided to raise the price to
triple of what it had been prior to the hijacking. The
miners, who already felt they were being ripped off,
rioted. Although the sheriff tried to protect O'Neill
(and was dealt a drubbing in the process), the saloon
owner was lynched at the edge of town. That same
morning, O'Neill had checked both his finances and

SSSHSN'

ZALLs

whiskey stock. He was $300 away from having enough
money to start his restaurant back East, and there were
five barrels of his ill-gotten whiskey left.

None of the other saloon owners had predicted the
circumstances that caused O'Neill's death — the intent
of the barman whostarted the rumor about the watered—
down whiskey was merely to damage O'Neill's business
— but none of them feel any guilt over what happened
to their less-than-savory competitor. O'Neill, however,
feels plenty of guilt over the greedy, selfish life he led. As
the terrified man felt the sharp pain of his neck snap-
ping, his final thought was that if he could undo the
wrong he had done, he would live his life differently.

When O'Neill regained consciousness, he wasn't in
Hell like he had expected, but back in his room in the
Wagon Wheel. O'Neill, who had been raised by strict
Christian parents, decided that God was giving him a
chance to right the wrongs of his life. He has now
dedicated his efforts to making sure that the Wagon
Wheel is run honestly, and that the girls who work there
are treated with respect and dignity.

He occasionally has conversations with Ezekiel Hat-
ter, and is friendly and outgoing toward any other
wraiths who pass through town. He also warns them of
the "devils" who live in the mines.

40 Ghost Towns


O7U

Image: O'Neill looks as he did when alive: a lanky
white man with thinning hair. He wears boots, black
pants, and a striped shirt.

Roleplaying Hints: You spent your life thinking
about nothing but money. You didn't care who you hurt
to get it, and you could never get enough. Now, God has
given youa chance to atone for the sins of your lifetime.
It's not easy, though. The greed that once consumed
your soul is still with you, and it tempts you to become
your old self at every turn. Worse, your own personal
demon wants to destroy the Wagon Wheel, now that
you've gotten the current owner to run an honest
establishment. But you fight it. Every day, you fight it;
eventually you will have atoned for your sins, and you
will join God in Heaven.

Destiny: O'Neill is destroyed in 1962 when a band of
Spectres invade his haunt, one year after the Wagon
Wheel is named a historical landmark.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Athletics 1, Awareness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Performance 2,
Ride 1

Knowledges: Accounting 1, Bureaucracy 1, Business 3,
Cooking 1, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Eidolon 2, Haunt 4 (the Wagon Wheel)
Passions: Cleanse soul of sins (Guilt) 4, Expose the
dishonest 3 (Shame)

Arcanoi: Castigate 2, Embody 2, Outrage 3, Pandemo-
nium 1, Phantasm 2

Fetters: Five hidden barrels of whiskey 5, women em-
ployed at the Wagon Wheel 5

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shadow: The Freak

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Dark Allies 2, Shadow
Life, Spectral Prestige 1

Shadow Passions: Corrupt the innocent (Lust) 3, Drive
Wagon Wheel out of business (Hate) 3

At the edge of Hatter's Well is a barren field. Noth-
ing, not even scrubs, grow here. The collapsed remnants
of a shed stands here, and it serves as the haunt of an
insane Spectre.

Johnny Mallory

Background: Johnny Mallory was not a nice man. Ever
since childhood, he enjoyed bullying and abusing oth-
ers. As he grew older, he required increasingly severe
acts of violence to satisfy his twisted urges. For years, he
reveled in the bloodbath that was the War Between the
States, murdering Confederate soldiers with wild aban-
don under the guise of defending the Union. When the
war ended, Johnny's lust for violence remained, but
petty bullying no longer even came close to satisfying
him. One night, in a haze of alcohol, he went too far,
and a young couple lost their lives as a result.

Johnny fled west. In the lawless frontier environment,
his hunger for violence soon made him the leader of a
band of outlaws. For a year, they left a trail of blood, as
they robbed and looted their way through Kansas,
Colorado and the Utah Territory. Eventually, however,
several victims pooled their money and Johnny and his
band of murderers found themselves pursued by bounty


ro
©
re

hunters. The hunters combined their resources, and
soon Johnny and his associates found themselves the
prey of a "posse" that matched them in ruthlessness.
Low on supplies, Johnny's band found themselves in
Hatter's Well. The bandits knew the hunters were on
their tail and likewise in need of supplies. They decided
to take as many sundries as they could carry and destroy
the rest in order to slow the hunters down. In the
process, they planned to eradicate Hatter's Well and all
its citizens.

As an orgy of destruction and slaughter commenced.
Johnny went to poison Hatter's Well, intent on denying
the hunters the easily accessible water, or, better yet,
causing them to drink the fouled water unawares. He
never got the chance, however, for the wraith of Ezekiel
Hatter rose up and slew him. The murderer drowned in
the very well he was hoping to poison. Once life had fled
Johnny's body, Ezekiel ejected him from the well. The
posse found Johnny's corpse with a twisted look of terror
frozen on his face.

In his final moments of life — as he struggled against
invisible hands that held him in an unbreakable steel
grip and dragged him to the bottom of the will; as his last
breath was exhausted and his body betrayed him by
forcing him to gasp for air when all that was around him
was water — Johnny was driven mad. Most of the time
he believes himself to still be alive. For this reason, his
ghost haunts a field at the edge of town where a shack
once stood. His gang kept their horses here, and this was
where they were to rendezvous before leaving the burn-
ing town behind them.

Although the shack has long since collapsed into a pile
of rotting lumber, in the Shadowlands it still appears
intact. Johnny is typically too far lost in his own mad-
ness to notice most mortals who happen by the field,
although he attacks any wraiths who approach. The
only mortals he notices are lawmen and gunslingers —
and Garou who fit the stereotypical description of either
group when in human form — whom he invariably
mistakes for the men who were hunting him several
years ago. If the sheriff ever goes into this abandoned
stretch of land, Johnny will undoubtedly kill him in a
most gruesome fashion.

Image: Johnny appears like a freshly deceased drowning
victim. With each step he takes, his boots slosh and
water flows from his black, dripping clothes. He wears a
gunbelt around his waist that leaks from the holsters
when he moves.

Johnny is unaware of his appearance for the most part —
his damaged mind leaves him unaware of his true state.
Ifa wraith approaches him and asks what a water-logged
gunslinger is doing haunting a bone-dry desert field,
he'll think the wraith "loco."

Roleplaying Hints: You are a cold, calm and collected
killer. You spent your life inflicting pain and death on
others, and nothing you have seen or experienced has
terrified you in years. You're waiting for your gang to
finish the destruction of the town. You're slowly starting
to get impatient with them. What's taking so long?
Several local yokels and even a lawman or two have
happened by where the horses are supposed to be...if
another one shows up, you might just have to go light a
fire under them.

Destiny: Johnny Mallory continues to haunt the field
for another century. The construction of a warehouse
on the site brings his haunting to national attention in
1998. A pair of mages investigate the haunting, and
Johnny is destroyed in the process.

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Survivor

Caste: Doppelganger

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl3,
Dodge 3, intimidation 4, Streetwise 2

Skills: Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Ride 3, Stealth 1,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Law 1, Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Artifact 1 (a dream catcher, taking from
aslain wraith), Haunt 1 (ruins of shack), Memoriam 3
(the slaughter at Hatter's Well), Notoriety 2

Dark Passions: Destroy citizens of Hatter's Well (Fear) 5,
Protect means of escape from Hatters' Well (Hate) 5
Arcanoi: Argos 1, Outrage 4

Fetters: The well of Hatter's Well 5

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Psyche: Comrade

Composure: 2

Fronds: Freudian Slip, Memories of Life

Passions: Follow mortal law (Guilt) 4, Inform others of
own wrongdoing (Pride) 3

42 Ghost Towns


LEEEPL

Spawn of the Storm
Eater

These creatures are created by the malevolent spirit
that has been awakened in the Savage West. They are
fed by the waste the silver miners are laying to the hills
into which they tunnel, and by the selfish greed in their
hearts and minds.

Spawn appear at random intervals and locations.
The only constant is that they always emerge from
exposed silver veins, drawing form and substance from
the metal that many mortals value above life itself, and
then kill nearby miners. After the Spawn's lust for
destruction has been sated, the silver from which it had
taken form dissolves into worthless, black dust.

Spawn come in a variety of shapes and sizes, each
taking the appearance of the creature or person that its
next intended victim fears the most. The spawn's dupli-
cation of the feared being is perfect in every respect,
except that it appears to be made entirely from silver.

Some townsfolk and miners have witnessed spawn
attacks from a distance. The appearance of silvery
apparitions attacking men are at the root of stories of
ghosts and banshees haunting the hills and mines around
Hatter's Well.

The Spawn's Attributes, Abilities, and Health Lev-
els are always one dot above whatever ratings its target
possesses. Once the target has been slain, the Storyteller
should roll a single die. If the result is 5 or better, that
particular Spawn ceases to exist. If the result is less than
5, the Spawn picks a new target, and its appearance and
statistics change accordingly.

Involving the Char-
acters

The characters encounter the wraith of a murdered
Kinfolk. It tells them of a trio of powerful Mockeries are
making their way to the town of Hatter's Well, where they
intend to kill a Black Fury known as Helen Virtis (who
believes them to be Storm-Born, unbeknownst to them).
They havea long-standing feud with her, and are pursuing
her westward to settle an old score; they tortured the
Kinfolk to death in order to discover her current location.
The Kinfolk tells them that Helen went to Hatter's Well

‘
to act as the mentor to a young Black Fury who had been / \ 1 Nee AN
raised there, unaware of her true nature. \
in

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 43

The characters can either be familiar with the Hatter
family, or they can have met Helen before she went to
Hatter's Well. When the characters reach Hatter's Well,


they arrive a few days before the Mockeries. During this
time, they can renew their old acquaintance, and they can
vill be the only other Garou Mary
has met, and the characte

get to know Mary. They

can be a boon in resolving (or
strengthening) the reservations she has regarding what
Helen has been teaching her.

When the Mockeries arrive, the characters discover
that there are twice the number of Mockeries as player
characters in the troupe — far more than a trio. Once
they arrive in Hatter's Well, these vicious murderers
won't be content with just killing Helen — they want
to kill her protégé and any allies she may have as well as
destroy her home and all who share it with her: They
want to destroy Hatter's Well. As the Mockeries know
rites that will allow them to command the Spawn of
Storm Eater, the troupe may well have too much on
their hands.

The characters will have allies in Mary and Helen—
other townies, including the sheriff, are cowards who
spend their time hiding. Ultimately, they may be able to
trick the Spectre of Johnny into destroying a Mockery

or two, once they learn of his insanity.

His / \ \
My' Se

WW

Canyon

The rain sluiced down in thundering sheets, pounding on
Brody like a thousand fists. He smiled despite the drubbing
the weather gave him, a hoarse bark of laughter escaping his
lips.

"What's so damn funny?" Wolk growled. Although they
rode hunched together on the same horse, Brody barely heard
the comment over the storm. His partner's obvious irritation
brought on another snort from Brody.

"L was just thinkin' how lucky we are," Brody explained.

Wolk tured in the saddle. Brody leaned back so they
wouldn't crack their skulls again. Brody had almost lost his
hat the last time they'd knocked heads accidentally, and since
he'd actually paid good money for the hat he was determined
to keep it. Spitting the words through his thick mustache,
Wolk snapped, "Lucky? You call drownin' in a rainstorm
lucky? You call havin' your horse go lame lucky? You call
bein' chased by half the population o' Salt Lake City lucky?!

You got amighty queer definition
o' luck, Brody."


"Come on, Wolk. They ain't caught us, have they? You
said yourself that even if the storm hadn't come along, we'd
have lost the posse by headin' west then doublin' around like
we did." Wolk turned his back, but even his muttering didn't
stop Brody. He was suddenly full of joy and determined to
share it, even if Wolk was too much of a damn prune to
appreciate it. "And we could just as well've lost both horses,
the way we been ridin' ‘em. We're almost to Malvado, ain't
we? Besides, this rain ain't as bad as it was. Can't last
forever, right?"

"Coulda fooled me," Wolk snapped. "Been comin' down
near a whole day, now. Strangest thing, the weather lately.
1 ain't never seen storms like this around this time o' year in
all my life."

As if to support Wolk's statement, a jagged fork of fire
blasted down from the heavens. The lightning lit up the sky
for an instant, revealing a monochromatic landscape of
scrub brush, scattered pines and open rolling plains. The
road ran in a black slash empty and straight to a thick cluster
of buildings a few hundred yards away. The mountains
behind them rose in a dark smudge, blending into the storm
clouds above. In the lightning's stark clarity, the men could
see every weathered detail of each building. The place looked
desolate — not surprising considering the weather. Despite
the town's barren appearance, a polished sign gleaming wet
from the rain welcomed travelers to Malvado Canyon —
Population: 1,200 hardy souls.

Brody shook Wolk's shoulder and spoke after the thunder
rumbled to nothing. "I'll make you a deal. They've got the
best brothel outside of Frisco here. I'll buy you a roll in the
hay and even throw in a change of clothes from my half of the
thirty thousand." Brody slapped his other hand to the bulging
saddle bags he sat on. "How's that sound?"

Brody heard Wolk chuckle in spite of himself. "Sounds
like my luck's finally changin' ."

Lightning slashed down again. Both men cried out in
surprise as the mare reared up, its neigh blending into the
deafening roll of thunder. Wolk slammed into Brody and
both tumbled from the horse. Brody grabbed tight to the
saddle bag as he fell so that it landed with him on the rain-
soaked mud. The horse vanished into the darkness, the
staccato of its retreat lost in the drumming rain.

Gasping and cursing, Brody and Wolk clambered to their
feet and stomped up the muddy road. "Goddamned nag!"
Wolk yelled. "I'll have your hide, by God!"

"I doubt it," came a voice from the darkness.

Brody and Wolk stopped short. In the steady rain, they
could just make out several — maybe as many as five —
shapes near the sign welcoming them to Malvado Canyon.
Brody wasn't sure where they could' ve come from, since the
nearest building was a good 100 yards away. Still, he

couldn't deny that he heard the soft patter of raindrops on
wor leather hats and dusters, or that he saw the unmistak-
able gleam of cold steel firearms. From Wolk's guttural
swearing, Brody figured his partner noticed much the same.

"What the hell is this?" Wolk said, slowly closing the
distance.

Brody followed, trying a more reasonable tone. "Yeah,
fellas. We're just on our way to Cheyenne; got caught in this
Godforsaken storm. We don't want any trouble."

Coming closer, Brody saw the four figures more clearly. A
single man in the center held an umbrella and didn't appear
to be armed. However, the other three men with him were
definitely well-heeled. The two to the left of the man under
the umbrella held shotguns; the one to the right rested his
hands on a pair of crossed pistol butts. Remembering the
saddle bags he clutched, Brody gulped nervously.

Wolk tried speaking, but the central figure cut him off with
the same quiet intensity as before. "You men are criminals.
Common robbers," he said with certainty. "I tolerate no
criminals here."

"What? Criminals?" Wolk adopted a wounded expres-
sion, stepping closer until the only thing separating him from
the other man was the water drizzling from the umbrella.
"Sir, I'm offended by such—"

"No. Nolies, no games. I know what you are, and I'll not
have itin my town. I can see what you' ve done just as clearly
as I can see your death upon you."

"That's how itis, is it?" With a cry, Wolk slashed at the
stranger with a bone-handled knife. The umbrella dipped
downward, and Wolk slipped behind it. Brody's view of his
partner and the stranger was obscured by the wet black
material. "Shoot, Brody! It's our only chance!" Wolk
yelled. Then came a grunt and a strange tearing noise.

Brody fumbled for his six-shooter, but dropped it and the
saddlebags when Wolk shrieked with anguish and pain.
Brody couldn't begin to comprehend what the figure could
have done to Wolk to cause such a horrific cry, but just the
sound of it unmanned him. Overwhelmed with sudden
terror, Brody ran from the road into the low brush beyond.
His fear was so great, he gave no thought to why the other
men hadn't taken the opportunity to shoot at him. Brody
cared only about getting as far from them as possible.

On the road, the central figure turned to the man on his
left. "What did I tell you about doing that, Mr. Larkin?"

Larkin smiled, cold green fire fading from his eye. "Sorry,
Gideon," he replied, not sounding the least bit contrite, "I
don't know what came over me."

"Should we go after him?" the hulking form on the far right
asked.

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns


SSSSESN

ZILP;

Gideon dropped what was left of Wolk to the ground and
pulled the knife from where Wolk had stabbed it in his side.
After flicking the blade into the darkness, he said, "No,
Yancey, that is more trouble than it would be worth."
Gideon's mouth twitched in a cold smile. "I'm sure the curs
will take care of it. They could use the exercise."

Lightning spread a web across the sky once again, thunder
rumbling behind. The men paused as if in appreciation, their
attention brought back to earth only by Gideon's cold voice.

"Well then. Why don't you gentlemen take care of that
trash. And don't forget the satchel." With that, Gideon
turned and walked up the road, his hand extended beyond the
umbrella's edge to wash the blood away.

The man named Yancey hoisted Wolk's crumpled form
over one shoulder while the last man picked up Brody's saddle
bags and pistol. The deputies then followed their sheriff back
into town, melting back into the night as silently as they
came.

Welcome to
Malvado Canyon...

Well, hello there! Yessir, you've come to the right
place. Ican give youa shave anda haircut, and I've even
gota couple o' baths in the back. Sure, Idon't have quite
the same, er, amenities as down t'the Providence, but if
you're lookin' for a good soak you can't go wrong here.

Have aseat, fella. I'll start you off with a nice steamed
towel. Good for loosenin' the pores, y'know. Makes for
a nice, close shave. Ah, there you go.

So, from the look of your clothes I'd say you've been
on the trail awhile. No offense meant, fella; I'm just
sayin' looks like you've probably seen a bit of the world.
Well, can't find a nicer corner of it than right here in
Malvado Canyon. We're smack on one of the busiest
trade routes between Cheyenne and Salt Lake City,
y'know. Right in the foothills of the Rockies and just a
few days east of Salt Lake, this here sprawlin' valley's a
natural stopover. The canyon walls protect us from the
worst of the seasonal storms, too — and they can get a
mite terrible, from what I hear.

Town's named after the canyon all right. Why bother
comin' up with another name? The place sprung up
years ago as a supply post for trappers makin' their way
down from the mountains, or so they tell me. What's
that? Yeah, I'm a bit new to Malvado myself. Came
through about three months ago just after spring thaw,
headed for San Francisco. As luck would have it, the old
barber up and vanished just a few weeks before. Some
folks said he gambled somethin' fierce and ducked out

rather than pay up; others say he got lost on one of his
fishin' trips and the redskins got him; and there's those
who say the things what prey on the Injuns got him. All
I knew was that this town needed a barber, and here |
came. And mister, I must say I don't think I'd've found
a better job in all of San Francisco.

Anyway, let's see how you're doin'. Feel your pores all
breathin' nice? All right, time to lather you up.

Yessir, Malvado Canyon services all manner of team-
sters, trappers, prospectors and what-have-you who find
their way West. Then you've got the wagon trains
headin' back East with goods and gold to boot! Even
tuffians stop by on occasion — that Outlaw Trail they
use is supposed to be right in our back yard (0' course, the
sheriff don't take kindly to outlaws, most have learned
to pass on by). Just about any type of person you can
think of has come through here at one time or another.
Not too surprising, considerin' all the trade that makes
its way through. With that kind of traffic, this town is
perfect for makin' a good livin'. It's the first real stop
after the Rocky Mountains for folks headin' West, and
the last supply post before the Rockies for those goin'
East. Then you've got the farm hands and cowboys
stoppin' off durin' cattle drives, and the trappers comin'
down to trade and resupply.

I just sharpened my razor, so you shouldn't feel a
thing. Just hold still, fella; there we go. Yup, we got near
everything you'd see back East. We got a general store,
bank, hotel, two saloons, a freighting company and a
jail. Tried to set up a telegraph office, but the damn
Injuns kept tearin' the lines down.

Those savages can be trouble. Best not to stray
outside the city at night, fella. There's redskins — and
worse, some say — lurkin' out there, just waitin' to grab
an unwary traveler. Yessir, you'll hear some mighty
strange stories from some of the old-timers here, about
what's out there in the wilderness. Still, long as you stay
right ‘round here, you're safe as houses. It's not like the
sheriff really needs four deputies for the town. He just
keeps ‘em on hand to protect folks against the Shoshoni
in the hills.

Crime? Heh. Malvado Canyon's one of the most
peaceful towns you'll ever find, mister. We don't see
much in the way of crime—no repeat offenses, leastways.
Our sheriffs a hard man, sure, but he's a fair one.
There're brawls in the saloons of course, but one of the
deputies always pops up right quick to make sure things
don't get too out of hand. The deputies are a weird
bunch, I admit, but the sheriff keeps ‘em right in line.

Ghost Towns


'v

LT \ |) TR SCS

And any folks who do cause trouble the sheriff either
locks up for a spell or tells to clear out. Sure thing,
somebody gets a warning one night you're not gonna see
‘em the next morning. Some people say the law cracks
down a little too hard sometimes, but me? I think we
needa little order out here in the wilderness, and Sheriff
Gideon's just the man—

Whoa, fella! didn't mean to nick ya but jerkin' like ya
did caught me off guard. Ah, it'sjusta little cut, not even
bleedin' much. There we go, that should help. Sorry?
Oh, sure, Sheriff Gideon. Big fella, dark and lean.
Dresses mighty fine, keeps himself lookin' nice for the
visitors — I should know, I give hima trim once a week.
I guess he's made a name for himself down New Mexico
way. Said to me once that the sheriff represents the town.
If folks see a dirty-lookin' man in ratty clothes, they're
not gonna feel safe. A fella lookin' like Sheriff Gideon
does, though, well, he looks like that to inspire confi-
dence.

Yeah, I asked him the same thing. I mean, I figured it's
the mayor who represents the town. Y'know what he
told me? He smiled that smile he gets sometimes and
said, "Tom, the mayor may speak for Malvado Canyon,
but I'm its heart and soul. Without me, there'd be death
and terror runnin' rampant. Injuns and worse comin'
down from the mountains and up from the land to
terrorize Christian men and women. I keep death at

bay." O' course, he said "ground," not "land," but he
does that sometimes. Comes from Europe originally,
from what I hear. Can hardly tell from his accent, but
he'll pull a funny word sometimes. But doesn't that little
speech just fill you with confidence? And you should
hear how he says it. I swear the way that man gets your
attention, he could make the dead get up and dance a
jig—

Oh, hell, mister! Look there, you done made me slip
again. You're gettin' awful jittery, if you don't mind me
sayin' so. Was it somethin' I said?

Watch Your Step

You're the new gentleman, aren't you? Yes, there's
been a bit of talk about you already. Certainly, we get
our share of travelers through Malvado, but not many
are as curious as you.

Hmm? Asking questions isn't a healthy thing around
here, is all. A threat? You flatter me, sir! A little slip of
a girl like me threatening a big strapping fellow like
yourself? The mere thought of it makes me blush!

I'd like to give you some advice, is all. Have a seat;
come on, I won't bite. (At least, not for free.) See,
stranger, everything has its place here. I don't just mean
in the Providence, but in this entire town. The townsfolk
are a God-fearing people, and they look out for their
own. As long as you mind your business, you'll have no
trouble. But folks who get too curious, well, they
have a way of disappearing.


SSSSSN

ZLELz

Keep your voice down! I'm trying to help you keep
that handsome head attached to your shoulders. Look,
I've lived in Malvado going on five years now, and I
know what I'm talking about. It's not a bad place,
stranger — in fact, as long as you stay in line, it's one of
the nicest places a body could think to live.

But that's just it. There are folks who can't seem to
leave well-enough alone. They have to poke a bit too
hard, push a bit too far, all for the sake of what?
Curiosity? Those who get too interested end up causing
trouble for the rest of us as well as for themselves.

I'm telling you as straight as I can, stranger. As long
as you mind your business, help your fellow man and
contribute to the town, you have nothing to worry
about. But Malvado won't stand for it if you go causing
trouble. This may sound crazy, but I've -ahem— seen
things from time to time. They come for the shiftless and
the troublemakers, mostly. But sometimes, if the curi-
ous push too far, the things get riled up enough to come
after the rest of us. That's why we don't like the curious
type.

No, I can't be any clearer than that. | don't know
exactly what the things are, and I don't want to know.
Some things are better left alone. If you keep poking
around, you may just find out what's going on. And I'll
bet that's the last thing you ever learn.

History

Despite the friendliness and cheer most residents in
Malvado Canyon extend to travelers, the town hides
disturbing secrets. Most people take it in stride that the
sheriff has a shady past, that trouble comes to town on
occasion, and that dangers lurk in the hills. It is the
Savage West, after all. Malvado is unique, however; its
mysteries greater and darker than any would suspect.

To begin with, the canyon acts asa kind of supernatu-
ral reservoir. It stores spiritual energy, Pathos, seemingly
gathering it from the surrounding mountains and plains
to collect in the base of the valley — in the town of
Malvado Canyon itself. This constant flow of super-
natural energy has eroded the barrier between the
physical world and the spirit world. Wraiths can inter-
act more easily with the living here than in most other
places. Considering the canyon's relative isolation, few
Restless even knew of its existence. Fewer still found a
way to take advantage of this rich energy source.


The local Shoshoni tribes were among those who did
know of the place. They refused to even name it for fear
that, in doingso, it would gain power in the living world.
They kept a respectful distance from the canyon; it was
a place of spirits, not of man.

The first settlers to cross the pass above Malvado
Canyon knew nothing of this. They saw only a rolling
valley with scattered copses of trees and a clear babbling
stream. It seemed the perfect place to establish a stop-
ping point for travelers. As time passed, Malvado grew
in size. More and more settlers who crossed the Rockies
were taken immediately by the sight of this pocket of
heaven, and decided to stay instead of continuing West.

Some wraiths drawn to the canyon resented the
intrusion — but they were too few to drive away the
living. A handful of people might have been frightened
enough by strange noises on the wind and ghostly shapes
in the night to pack up and move out, but by this point
Malvado's population was in the hundreds. The influx
of the living helped reinforce the Shroud that separated
the two worlds as well, making it more difficult for the
wraiths to cross over and scare people away. Addition-
ally, wagon trains and supply shipments came through
regularly, helping to maintain the townspeople's grasp
on reason — and sanity.

Before long, the citizens of Malvado Canyon learned
to not speak of the sporadic apparitions, sudden chills
and occasional murmurings they were exposed to. They
poured their efforts into creating diversions — gam-
bling, music, variety shows, prostitution, liquor — to
assure themselves and each other that Malvado was a
fine place to be.

Even so, the sheer amount of supernatural force
accumulated in the valley took its toll on the townsfolk.
Those who stayed for more than a few years in Malvado
Canyon felt a growing sense of unease. Some reconciled
themselves to their life in the valley, but others decided
to move on after a few years or so. There always seemed
tobesomeone new to take their place, lured by Malvado's
surface charm. The canyon sustained itself for some
time in this way, the dead and the living existing on the
same uneasy rhythm, neither quite acknowledging the
reality of the other.


SSSSSSN

ZLLL,

The Storm Eater changed all that. Just as Malvado
Canyon attracted ambient supernatural energy, it drew
to itself the fallout of the Storm Eater's raging across the

The Supernatural High Umbra. Its Umbral storms thundered to the can-
Influence of yon like water rushing through a tight rapids. Each wave

acted almost like a kind of minor Maelstrom, throwing
Malvado Canyon the entire valley into upheaval on both sides of the
Shroud. Wraiths were hard-pressed to resist the corpus-
rending force of the storm waves, and each blast
weakened the valley's Shroud even more. Tremendous
thunderstorms washed over Malvado Canyon in the
Skinlands during these times.

The canyon influences both Garou and
wraiths. Its close connection to the
Shadowlands, or Dark Umbra, is especially
significant to the Restless Dead, but impacts

on Garou to a certain extent as well. ;
Malvado surely would not have survived much longer

were it not for the timely intervention of the man
known as Gideon. A Shadow Lord Theurge of notable
ability, Gideon heard stories about the canyon and
decided to see if he could use the energy it collects.

Still, any supernatural in Malvado Canyon
may make a Perception + Occult roll (diffi-
culty 5) to sense the power emanations. Success
shows the character smudgy, indistinct shapes.
overlaying everything (the reflection of the
Shadowlands), and gives a sense of raw energy
flowing about her.

Sensing the canyon's emanations is also
possible from outside the valley. Characters
may make the same Perception + Occult rollat
+1 difficulty for every 25 miles distant (to a
maximum of difficulty 10). So a character
riding along 50 miles from Malvado Canyon
would roll Perception + Occult at difficulty 7

After dispatching the previous sheriff, a cowardly
former gunslinger, Gideon set himself up as the law. As
sheriff, Gideon could travel anywhere in the area with-
out causing suspicion. This allowed him to research all
he could on Malvado Canyon, and to mold the town to
better suit his needs. He also used his talents as a
Theurge to help stabilize the local Umbral terrain and
question the Restless Dead on the area. Through his
own abilities and by interacting with wraiths, Gideon
we fice cower, confirmed that the valley was definitely a place of great

spiritual power, but tied too closely to the Dark Umbra
| to be useful as a caern. Its energy was raw Pathos, not
Wraiths spiritually-charged Gnosis. A Garou stepping sideways

Malvado Canyon isa kind of natural Haunt. in Malvado Canyon would find herself directly in the
The entire valley has a 4 Shroud rating, and Dark Umbra — what wraiths call the Shadowlands.
the town itself has a 3 Shroud, Nonetheless, Gideon was determined to find a way to

Additionally, the canyon generates its own use this resource — not only as a potential tool against
supply of Pathos. Each nightfall within the the Storm Eater, but also to gain more renown for
game, a wraith may roll her highest Passion himself.

(difficulty 8). Each success rolled grants the His studies brought the attention of a local Wendigo
wraith one point of Pathos. Interestingly, this pack, who felt that Gideon's pursuits defied the natural
energy flow is in constant flux. If the wraith order. After the pack raided the town, Gideon reassured
botches this roll, her Shadow gains a point of the townsfolk and vowed that he would deal with this
Angst for each botch rolled, "Indian attack" ina firm and decisive manner. Gideon's
pride wouldn't allow him to go to his tribe regarding a
Garou matter he felt he could handle himself, so he called ina
quartet of mortal bounty hunters he'd worked with in

The Shroud rating also acts as the Gauntlet
the past.

rating for those Garou who wish to step side-
ways. The lands of the dead here are separated

from the living world by the most tenuous of The Posse

barriers; as a result, the Garou ends up di- Peter Larkin, Darnell Wallace, Yancey Morgan and
rectly in the Dark Umbra. See the Appendix Adam Haslett rode with Gideon in years past. Each man
for further details. had a history, but dedicated himself now to upholding


OO

PELE:

Ta

justice. Their methods could get extreme at times, but

sary price to pay for bringing

they saw that as the ne
law to a lawless land.

They reached Malvado within days after Gideon
contacted them, and agreed to hunt down the "Indians"
that threatened the town from the hills. The posse knew
that strange things happened around Gideon, but none
of them were prepared to confront a pack of Garou. The
Wendigo lured the posse into a trap, from which Gideon
himself barely escaped.

Wallace and Morgan were torn apart in moments,
and Haslett mortally wounded. Unfortunately for Larkin,
he was buried in the rockslide Gideon used spirits to
trigger during the Shadow Lord's retreat to the Umbra.
The Wendigo moved on, confident in their victory and
unaware that Gideon still lived.

Shaken and still in the Shadowlands, the Shadow
Lord saw his men emerge as Enfant wraiths. Gideon

seized the opportunity, tearing the cauls
from their faces. While he had tried to

bind wraiths much like he would

a spirit, he had not been

successful. Gideon hoped, due to having a personal
connection to these men, that he might meet with

success this time.

Gideon returned to town, guiding the new wraiths.
He spent months using every ability at his disposal to
create a lasting bond to the former bounty hunters.
Gideon discovered that focusing on revenge and justice
proved to have the greatest positive effect on his posse.
While Gideon simply planned to havea group of wraiths
at his disposal, his encouragement and the wraiths' own
intensity resulted in asuccess greater than Gideon could
have imagined.

Six months after their untimely deaths, Morgan and
Wallace crossed the Shroud and inhabited their bodies
again. Larkin joined them later, after disappearing
further into the Dark Umbra for a time. Newly risen,
each Walking Dead forced his way from underneath the
rock fall and returned to Malvado. The low Shroud and
the massive amount of Pathos the canyon stores were

2

certainly as much factors in
their "rebirth" as was
their own intense


Passions and Gideon's fiery personal ideals. Haslett
remained in the Shadowlands, but likewise came to
Gideon's side.

The Wendigo

Word of the strange goings-on in Malvado Canyon
went from one tribe of Shoshoni to the next and even
to other Indian tribes. After some months the news
found its way toa Wendigo pack to the north. Already
well aware of the danger posed by the Storm Eater, the
pack made its way southward along the Rocky Moun-
tains. The Wendigo pack's Theurge sensed the energy
surrounding Malvado miles before the Garou reached
the canyon. The pack decided to show the white settlers
their error in building a town in the valley.

The Wendigo pack roared through Malvado one
night, tearing apart any townsfolk unlucky enough to be
outside and setting fire to a number of houses and to the
general store. They hoped that the ferocity of the raid
would be enough to send the settlers fleeing from the
valley — and, were it not for Gideon, the Wendigo's
plan may well have worked.

Despite Gideon'sskill asa Theurge and his posse's talent
as manhunters, they didn't stand much of a chance against
a pack of Garou. Gideon retreated by stepping sideways
after he saw his comrades torn apart. He called on spirits to
trigger an avalanche into the gulch, hoping to bury the
native Garou under tons of rock. The Wendigo pack were
not caught as seriously as Gideon hoped, but were injured
grievously by the rock fall. Battered and bloody, the Pure
Ones climbed out of the avalanche and returned to the
mountains. From what they could see, it was a messy
victory, but a victory nonetheless.

The Wendigo never considered reaching into the
Umbra, since their Garou senses were overpowered by
thescent of death due to the canyon's close link with the
Shadowlands. As a result, the pack didn't realize at first
that Gideon still lived, and had recovered the wraithly
forms of his fallen posse. Months later, the Wendigo
heard word from one of the nomadic Shoshoni tribes
that the town still prospered.

The Garou returned to discover that Gideon was still
sheriff and his posse was still with him, after a fashion.
The bounty hunters were dead, yet alive. Such a thing
was a violation of the natural order in the Wendigo's
opinion. The Wendigo pack considered the Risen to be
mockeries of some sort, a direct result of meddling with
the deathly pall that hung over the valley. The Garou
were more determined than ever to cleanse the town —
not only of the Wyrm-tainted parasites, but of the
townsfolk in general.

SSN

That didn't prove to be as easy as it was the last time,
however. Gideon had gained some powerful allies in the
Walking Dead, powerful enough to stand against Garou.

A Final Look

Malvado Canyon has suffered a fundamental change,
and not for the better. The strange shapes in the night,
the eerie moans on the wind and the sudden chills in the
air grow in frequency and intensity. Even the brightest
day seems pale and washed out. The residents veil their
panic behind strained smiles and rowdy entertainment,
and drown their fears in liquor and sex.

Sheriff Gideon has become increasingly grim, re-
sponsibility weighing heavily on his shoulders. His
posse is a cold bunch, distant at the best of times and
downright frightening on other occasions. Lawbreakers
are dealt with harshly — and often fatally.

Yet at least it's safer to stay in town than it is to leave.
While wagon trains generally pass through unmolested,
those residents who try to move away invariably end up
dead or missing, once they pass beyond the protection
of Gideon and his men. Something in the hills doesn't
want the townsfolk to leave.

Unbeknownst to the townsfolk, a growing number of
dissatisfied wraiths gather in the Shadowlands as well. Many
of them were sent across the Shroud prematurely by Gideon
or one of the posse, a result of Gideon's increasingly heavy-
handed law enforcement techniques. The sheriff is trying to
keep a tight lid on the town, since he doesn't want any
unpleasant surprises. He has enough to deal with now that
the Wendigo have returned, and his success with the Risen
posse seems to have weakened the Shroud to a disturbing
degree. Although Gideon's deputies are a match for the
Garou and can hold off disgruntled wraiths as well, it seems
it's only a matter of time before everything falls apart.

Places of Note

Malvado Canyon is a busy place, but it's already past its
peak of success (although the townsfolk don't realize it
quite yet). The town wasona well-traveled trade route that
brought in steady commerce. However, once the Union
Pacific railroad was completed to the north, more traffic
diverted that way. Also, while Gideon did an impressive
job of keeping crime down and hostiles away from the
town, itsnatureasa weak pointin the Shroud couldn't help
but make most folks decidedly uneasy. The sporadic raids
by the Wendigo pack didn't help matters any.

Brearley's General Store

The place to go for the basic necessities, whether you
need a new hat, some flour or a solid ax handle. The
proprietor, Willard Meany, has connections with major

52 Ghost Towns


Getting Involved

There are a number of ways in which charac-
ters may be drawn to Malvado Canyon. While
the Storyteller may create any number of story
hooks that will lead the troupe to the valley, a
few selections are outlined below:

* Chance: The tried-and-true method of co-
incidence could bring the characters to Malvado.
All manner of traffic passes through the town
each day, heading both East and West. The
characters could sense the power emanating
from the valley as they pass by and decide to stop
and check it out.

© Supernatural Menace: Like the Wendigo,
the characters may have heard of malevolent
forces at work in the valley. Considering the
danger posed by the Storm Eater and its minions,
it would be only natural that concerned charac-
ters would investigate the situation.

© Lure of Power: There are also rumors that
Malvado Canyon is a source of great supernatu-
ral power. Like Gideon himself, the characters
might wish to learn the true extent of this force
and how they might bend it to their will.

© Survival: This would be important mainly
for wraiths in desperate need of Pathos (and
what wraith isn't?). Rumors about a "sure-fire"
Pathos.source'are bound to find their way to
other parts of the Shadowlands, but not every
wraith is willing to go on a wild goose chase to
find it.

© Threat of the Wild: The Wendigo in the
hills dispatch residents who try leaving Malvado
for good. While most normal folks think there's
Indians and wild animals in the hills, rumors
have leaked of darker things afoot. Indian hunt-
ers or European Garou who suspect the truth of
these natives might want to head to the canyon
and teach the redskins a lesson.

© Friend in Need: A character may be related
to or close friends with a resident of Malvado.
Afraid of leaving but wanting help, this relative
or friend could have sent the character a letter
requesting aid (written cryptically, of course,
just in case Gideon or the things in the hills got
hold of it).


oR

suppliers of dry goods, clothing and firearms. His store is
always stocked with the latest fashions and freshest
goods money can buy — and he adjusts prices accord-
ingly.

First Bank of the Rocky Mountains

This is the third branch in an up-and-coming finan-
cial concern based out of Montana. The Bank of the
Rockies deals mostly with storing valuables for travelers
passing through, its efforts to sell parcels of the valley to
settlers never seeming to work out in the long run.

Calliope Hotel

A pretty swank place; if you only want a plain room-
with-a-bed affair, you'll have to look elsewhere. Enough
well-heeled folks come rolling through Malvado that
the Calliope can afford a fair amount of bells and
whistles. Dean Ferro runs the Calliope with a great deal
of flair. Despite the recent troubles, he's still able to
book solid musical acts and other entertainers on a
regular basis.

The Providence

This establishment handles the clientele who are a
bit too "earthy" for the Calliope. Miss Wanda Clark is
the Providence's proprietor, and keeps a number of girls
on staff to perform singing and dancing numbers long
into the night. For the right price, the ladies also
perform other, more personal, entertainment in one of
the 12 rooms on the second floor. Miss Wanda keeps a
few gambling tables in the front to help draw customers,
but the main focus is on having a rollicking good time.

McCabe's Saloon

"Getting lucky" has a different meaning here. The
focus at McCabe's is on drinking and gambling. It's a
rough-and-tumble place; if you're not serious about
playing cards or downing liquor, you'd best not bother
coming in. Still, those in the know or with just the right
look are shown to the private rooms in the back.
Kimball McCabe keeps a few secret gambling rooms
that rival the Calliope's Presidential Suite for plush
style. McCabe and Miss Wanda have an arrangement,
using the back door connecting their establishments to
allow gentlemen travelers to partake of a woman's
charms in the Providence, or to slip in to a high stakes
game of poker at McCabe's.

Austin Freight Company

This Texas freighting concern handles hiring team-
sters to transport goods as well as running a stagecoach
line. The route runs from Denver through to San Fran-
cisco. While the Malvado stop used to see heavy business,

SSSSESN

ZLLLs

it's the first business in town to feel the hit of the
incoming railroads — and the fallout of recent super-
natural events.

Notable Characters
Sheriff Gideon

Background: Gideon keeps the details of his past
shrouded in mystery and legend. He's reinvented him-
self a half-dozen times — "Gideon" is almost certainly
not his real name — but always with an eye toward
manipulation as opposed to outright force. Still, he's
never been above using violence when it suited him.
Most Garou would know virtually nothing about him;
only another Shadow Lord might have an inkling of
Gideon's long past.

Gideon has been in Malvado Canyon fora number of
years prior to the characters' arrival, and was instrumen-
tal in bringing prosperity to the town. When he first
arrived, Gideon set about making the place safe for trade
and settlement. His greatest obstacle was the local
Indian populace. He'd barely pushed back the Shoshoni,
but things were going poorly for Gideon until his depu-
ties were slaughtered by the Wendigo pack.

Since Gideon was already in the Dark Umbra when
his deputies emerged as new wraiths, he was well-poised
to draw them to him before Oblivion or any local
reapers did. He cultivated the posse to the full extent of
his abilities, and was rewarded by having three of them
re-inhabit their mortal shells. The fourth remained in
the Shadowlands, but proved to be just as useful.

With his posse of Walking Dead, Gideon has with-
stood every sortie the Wendigo pack has thrown against
him. This buffer allows Gideon to finally take the time
to devote most of his attention to experiment with
Malvado Canyon's incredible energy reserves.

Image: The werewolf known as Gideon is a tall, lean
man in his early 40s. Although his deeply lined face and
slightly graying hair attest to the long roads down which
he's traveled, they also serve to give him an air of
distinction. Gideon's dark, Slavic complexion, hawk
nose and piercing black eyes add a combination of keen
intelligence and veiled menace. Although his mouth
often quirks into a smile underneath his thick mus-
tache, Gideon's grins seldom show any warmth. He's a
man who's obviously taken a lot of time to cultivate an
appearance of formidable power, and his efforts seem to
have paid off.

54 Ghost Towns


LEER

Roleplaying Hints: You've followed many paths in
your pursuit of renown, and you have much to show for
your accomplishments. You are a figure of note in your
tribe, and have attained a rank any Garou could be
proud of. Yet still it is not enough. You must constantly
challenge yourself, and strive to attain ever more ambi-
tious goals.

In Malvado Canyon, yousee the greatest challenge of
your long life. It is a place of spiritual power, but tied too
closely to the Dark Umbra to be useful as a caern. Still,
this very connection could be a useful tool were it
harnessed correctly. You study the wraiths in this place
with enthusiasm, hoping to bend them to your will like

you would a spirit. So far you've met with little success,
although the "accident" involving your posse's un-
timely demise resulted in the surprise of three Risen.
If you can encourage more wraiths to focus them-
selves, and to channel this attention against malevolent
forces like the Wyrm and the Storm Eater on both sides
of the Shroud, you will achieve incredible renown. You
will allow no one to stop your efforts, least of all the

Wendigo pack that roams the nearby mountains. Still,
those who would join you are welcomed (though not
entirely trusted).

Your efforts as a lawman in the past were a conve-
nient means to an end. Similarly, you follow your duties
as sheriff mainly to sustain the posse's desperate need for
spiritual energy (Pathos), and to satisfy your own desire
to manipulate others.

The recent problems in Malvado have shaken your
resolve, but you're determined to persevere in your goal.
Your pride is too great to simply cut and run. You will be
victorious against the upstart Wendigo, the wraiths who
defy you and against the canyon itself — or you'll die
trying.

Destiny: Gideon's bullying eventually proves too
much for the people of Malvado Canyon. One by one,
they defy his Boss Tweed-like "rule," and keeping up
with them is more than he and the Posse can do. Gideon
"retires" after the veritable revolt, and becomes a re-

cluse on the outskirts of the town.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Shadow Lords

Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Leader

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2), Appear-
ance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Expression 3, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4, Subter-
fuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Leader-
ship 4, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 1
Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Law 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 4, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Fetish 4, Resources 3
Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Brand of Suspicion,
Persuasion, Spirit Speech; (2) Commanding Voice,
Command Spirit, Luna's Armor, Sight from Beyond;
(3) Disquiet, Icy Chill of Despair, Pulse of the Invisible
Rank: 3

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7

Rites: Rite of Binding, Rite of New Territory, Rite of
Summoning, Rite of Talisman Dedication

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 55


Possession

Each one of the Walking Dead requires a
Conduit in which to store his Shadow. Mor-
gan and Wallace's Conduits are their deputy
stars; Larkin's is a straight razor he keeps in
his boot (although he wears a star like the
others). They defend their Conduits fero-
ciously, but it is conceivable that a character
may separate one of the Risen from his Con-
duit.

If that character takes the Conduit into her
possession, the Shadow can act as if it is the
character's own darker half. The Shadow can
gain Angst from the character's actions that
fuel its Dark Passions, it can whisper advice to
the character, and it can even offer Shadow
Dice to the character, In short, the Shadow
acts just like it normally does with its Psyche.

The character is also in grave danger of
being overwhelmed by the Shadow the Con-
duit contains. If the Shadow's temporary Angst
exceeds the character's permanent Willpower,
it may try to take over the character. The
Shadow spends a point of temporary Angst
and rolls on its adjusted temporary Angst
rating. The character may roll her permanent
Willpower to try and resist the control (the
difficulty for both rolls is 6). If the Shadow
rolls more successes, it seizes control, domi-
nating the character's actions forthe remainder
of the scene. If the character equals or beats
the Shadow's successes, she retains control of
herself (although the Shadow may well try
again later...).

Note: the character more than likely has no
idea that the whispered voice and strange
urgings she hears is a separate entity. As far as.
the character knows, the Shadow's interac-
tions with her are nothing more than her own
thoughts. This includes being possessed by
the Shadow; the character retains no memory
of her actions during the time the Shadow is in'
control, but won't necessarily know that she
was possessed. Only a character with exten-
sive interactions with wraiths will have any
idea of what's happening.

2
¥)
SSSSEST Te SSH
Po,
HIS)

1

ZLLL,

_—!

The Posse

Although these four men came from different walks
of life, they were united in their passion for justice. They
were not the bloodthirsty killers who often become
bounty hunters. Instead, the posse defended justice and
the oppressed with an almost zealous intensity. With
their deaths, this urge has gained even more importance
to their continued existence.

Through acombination of their desire for vengeance,
the townsfolk's fear and need, Gideon's encouragement
and the canyon's vast reservoir of Pathos, the Walking
Dead serve Malvado Canyon as grim deputies, the
Shadow Lord their sheriff and the town's protector.

Peter Larkin

Background: Larkin was the darkest one of the posse,
his pursuit of justice more from a desire for power and
control over others than due to any altruistic leanings. He
was a successful gunfighter for a number of years, but was
clever enough to see which way the wind was blowing.
Larkin joined the side of law and order, taking the role of
bounty hunter and tracking down the outlaws he used to
ride with. Larkin never feared death in life, and now that
he's dead he realizes just how right he was.


Image: A slender man with a pockmarked face,
Larkin wears an unassuming gray suit and a wide-
brimmed hat pulled low over his features. He has a weak
mustache that always looks disheveled no matter how
frequently he combs it. Despite being buried under a
rock fall, the cold winter and dry mountain air kept
decomposition toa minimum. Asa result, Larkin's body
is in decent shape. He can pass for living without too
much trouble, although his cold smile and occasionally
flaring green eye tend to disturb people more than a
shambling corpse would.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't look like much and
you like it that way. You were deadly with a gun in life,
and you're pleased to note that death hasn't slowed you
down any. You returned most recently of all the posse
members, due mainly to the time you spent training in
the Intimation Arcanos. Now that you have a fresh
perspective on things, you're nowhere near as enamored
of Gideon as you once were. In fact, your Shadow might
havea point when it says that perhaps his time is over....

Destiny: The powerful Shadow contained in Larkin's
straight razor certainly plans on causing as much havoc
as possible before succumbing to Oblivion. After
Gideon's control erodes, Larkin moves on, led by his
Shadow, to become one of the first "serial killers" in
American history.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Conniver

Circle: the Posse

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2,
Dodge 4, Intimidation 3, Larceny 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 4, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Culture 1, Investigation 1, Linguistics 1,
Occult 1, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Eidolon 2, Notoriety 1,
Wealth 3

Passions: Uphold justice (Revenge) 3, Manipulate oth-
ers (Ego) 5, Show off marksmanship (Pride) 2
Arcanoi: Fascinate 1, Intimation 3, Lifeweb 2, Puppetry 2
Fetters: Straight Razor (Conduit) 4, Pistol 3, Deputy
Star 2, Sheriff Gideon 1

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Director

Angst: 5

Thorns: Pact of Doom, Shadowplay, Shadow Trait
(Stamina)

Shadow Passions: Humiliate Gideon (Contempt) 3,
Resist Oblivion (Fear) 4

Darnell Wallace

Background: Wallace grew up the son of a farmer.
The local sheriff wanted a "clean" town, however, and
systematically drove out the blacks in the area. Wallace's
father refused to leave, however, and tensions mounted
until one night when a group of men dressed in white
hooded sheets set the house on fire and killed every
person who tried to escape the blaze. Wallace happened
to be out possum hunting, and rushed back in time to see
the killers ride off. From that moment, Wallace dedi-
cated himself to bringing to justice those who would
abuse the law and subjugate others for their own ends.
He's spent years tracking down the men who killed his
family and exacting retribution. Dying reinforced this
belief, since a number of wraiths are the victims of
others' crimes.

Image: A black man of medium build, Wallace dr

in rugged leathers and faded denim. He's obviously
more comfortable on the range than in a saloon. Of
course, having been ripped up by Garou, it's difficult for
him to enter a saloon without scaring the people out of


oN

their wits. He keeps his distance from the townsfolk,
and keeps his hat pulled low and jacket closed whenever
possible.

Roleplaying Hints: You were a skilled tracker, and
vital to the rest of the posse because of it. You prefer the
wilderness to the city, feeling civilization is inherently
corrupt. You've become concerned at the harshness of

the posse's actions of late; you believe that you're doing
right, but you feel the fear spreading in those around
you.

Destiny: Wallace already has trouble with his status
as one of the Walking Dead. His Passions are strong, but

he's finding that the sheer intensity of staying in his
body is difficult to maintain. In time, Wallace gives up
his Risen status and joins the Hierarchy, helping pave
the way for Stygian control over the American West.
Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Mediator

Circle: the Posse

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 1, Empathy 1

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 1, Firearms 3, Melee 4,
Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Wealth 2
Passions: Protect the innocent (Duty) 4, Punish crimi-
nals (Revenge) 4, Find peace (Fear) 2

Arcanoi: Embody 1, Fatalism 3, Inhabit 1, Puppetry 1
Fetters: Deputy Star (Conduit) 5, Old Homestead 3,
Sheriff Gideon 2

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 3

Thorns: Death's Sigil 1 (scars ooze darkness), Shadow
Trait (Strength), Shadowed Face

Shadow Passions: Spread pain (Self-Loathing) 3, Kill
his family's murderers (Hate) 4

Yancey Morgan

Background: Abused and unwanted as a child due to

his ungainly appearance, Morgan fell in with a hard
bunch. He thought with his fists and showed no mercy,

Ghost Towns

since that's all he knew. Still, he grew increasingly
unhappy. Gideon rescued Morgan from his downward
spiral, and brought him into the posse. Morgan discov-
ered great personal satisfaction in becoming a bounty
hunter instead of a criminal. He was too simple to
unlearn his violent behavior, though, and brings his
great rage to bear on lawbreakers of all stripes.

Image: Morgan is a huge man, almost seven feet tall.
He was never terribly pleasant looking, and the claws of
the Wendigo didn't help any. Still, most people note his
sheer size and don't comment on his scarred visage.
Morgan moves deceptively fast, his heavy lumbering

gait surprisingly silent and fluid.

Roleplaying Hints: Although you're not the sharp-
est tack on the board, youaren't the stereotypical "dumb
muscle." You're not sure what happened to you recently,
and figure it's best not to think about it too hard. You're
cautious of others, because you know that you're the
type people like to trick since they know they can't beat
you by force. Still, you react almost reflexively to obvi-
ous authority. Gideon is your beacon in more ways than
one. He not only gives you direction, but his almost
palpable aura of command fuels your Passions.


Destiny: Morgan's future is tied directly to Gideon's.
At this point, the Shadow Lord is the only thing that
keeps Morgan going. Gideon's ultimate failure causes
Morgan's Shadow to gain purchase over the big wraith,
and Oblivion follows swiftly.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: the Posse

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Larceny 1

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Firearms 3, Melee 4, Ride 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Law 2, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Notoriety 1, Wealth 3
Passions: Protect the posse (Love) 3, Punish criminals
(Hate) 3, Seek approval from others (Ego) 4
Arcanoi: Embody 2, Puppetry 1, Serendipity 2
Fetters: Deputy Star (Conduit) 5, Sheriff Gideon 5
Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 4

Thorns: Bad Luck, Shadow Trait (Strength), Shadow
Trait (Stamina), Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Lose others' confidence (Self-Loath-
ing) 4, Prove superior strength (Pride) 3

Adam Haslett

Background: Haslett heard the call of the West late
in life. He was a capable accountant in Philadelphia, but
the more he read of the West the greater his dreams
became. Finally, one day, he quit his job, left his wife
and made his way across the Rockies. Haslett proved to
be a capable bounty hunter, and over time he became
resigned to the fact that he would never excel at any-
thing. Joining the posse was more a coincidence than
anything. Haslett made a good second fiddle no matter
what the task, and complemented the others well.

Image: A stocky man with a blotchy complexion in
life, Haslett doesn't look much better now. He wears a
faded brown suit anda small brimmed hat. Although he
wears a pistol, Haslett's weapon of choice is a Bowie

knife.

Roleplaying Hints: You were never as strong as
Morgan, never as sharp as Larkin. Still, you had your
share of common sense. You were the glue that held
them together. Then Gideon came along and you felt
pushed into the background. After you died, you still
wanted to prove that you were worth something. Hav-
ing no interest in staying in Morgan and Larkin's
Shadows, you remained a wraith. You've already proven
your worth, patrolling the Shadowlands and watching
for threats against the town and the posse. What's most

galling of all is that you only seem to become needed
after your life is already over.

Destiny: Resisting the urge to return to the Skinlands
is the second time Haslett has defied others' expecta-
tions. He's discovering a newfound motivation in the
afterlife, and is interested to see if now, finally, he will
excel at something. Like Darnell Wallace, Adam Haslett
finds the meaning in unlife he needs in the Hierarchy's
push to claim the United States.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Follower

Circle: the Posse

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4


oR

SEEN

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 1, Larceny 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Ride 2,
Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Culture 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Politics 2,
Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Relic (pistol) 3
Passions: Prove worth to others (Jealousy) 5, Uphold
justice (Pride) 2, Follow his dreams (Hope) 3
Arcanoi: Argos 2, Keening 1, Outrage 1, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: Deputy Star 3, Fountain Pen 3, Rock Fall 3,
Sheriff Gideon 1

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 7

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: The Director

Angst: 4

Thorns: Bad Luck, Shadow Trait (Dexterity),
Shadowplay

Shadow Passions: Reinforce inadequacy (Self-Loath-
ing) 4, Belittle the posse's efforts (Envy) 3

Townsfolk

Over a thousand living souls populate Malvado Can-
yon. Each one has her ownstory to tell, but the Storyteller
should feel free to invent these tales as need be. Follow-
ing are some of the more significant residents.

Mayor Francis Larrimore

If the mayor is married to the town, then Larrimore
is a cuckold. He took the post a few years before Sheriff
Gideon arrived, and did what he could for Malvado
Canyon's prosperity. Larrimore can't hold a candle to
Gideon's charisma and intellect, however. While the

sheriff has never taken steps to assume control of the
town, Larrimore has fallen in the habit of turning to
Gideon for advice on almost every issue, no matter how
slight. Larrimore resents the situation actively, but can't
bring himself to hate Gideon (this has more than a little
to do with Peter Larkin's influence, actually).

Willard Meany

Meany inherited Brearly's General Store from
Jonathan Brearly, only a few years previously. Meany
appeared out of nowhere one day, claiming some distant
relation to Brearly. While Brearly never denied the
claim, he always seemed unsure of what to make of his
younger relative. Early one morning, a number of people
saw Brearly ride out of town heading West, and Meany
emerged from the general store a few minutes later, the
deed to the place in his hand. Everyone in town except

Ghost Towns

Gideon and his posse have speculated as to the exact
circumstances regarding Brearly's departure. However,
as yet no one has discovered the truth.

Dean Ferro

A retired black cowboy, Ferro came to town a few
monthsafter Sheriff Gideon. Dressed impeccably, Ferro
went to the Bank of the Rockies, purchased the deed to
a lot on the Eastern edge of town, and left. He returned
aweek later with his wife, Grace, a crew of workers and
wagons full of wood and furnishings. The Calliope was
built in record time, and in the years since it opened has
hosted hundreds of fine entertainers, balls and private
dinner parties. Ferro himself is a friendly, proper man
with a subtle yet powerful personality. He's obviously
used to being the center of attention, determined to
spend his later years enjoying his wealth and status.

Miss Wanda Clark

Miss Wanda is an older women who worked her way
from gentlemen's entertainment to proprietress. She
maintains a veneer of geniality, but is known to be hard
and cold to those who cross her. Miss Wanda runsa tight
ship, and has been known to send her girls packing if
they don't show the proper amount of pleasantry — in
the saloon or upstairs. Miss Wanda believes that the
customer is always right. As far as anyone is aware, the
private relationship between Miss Wanda and Kimball
McCabe is strictly business.

Kimball McCabe

McCabe is a hulking man who tries to dress with the
same flair as Dean Ferro, but never seems to quite pull
it off. Part of McCabe's problem is his tendency to sweat
profusely, invariably soiling his expensive suits. Those
thoughtless enough to comment on this end up uncon-
scious in the street if they're lucky. Before coming to
Malvado, McCabe had a wife — Beverly, Beatrice or
Kathy, depending on who's telling the story — who left
him for a concert pianist. Apparently, McCabe vowed
he would kill them both if he ever saw them again, left
the house with the money in his pocket and took the
first coach West. He ran out of money in Malvado,
walked into the bar (then called Diamond in the Rough),
and played cards for two weeks until he had enough
money to buy the saloon from its former owner. Un-
known to himself, McCabe is a Fianna Kinfolk.

Ophelia Sinclair

Like many women in the West, Ophelia was too strong-
willed for her own good. Forceful and self-confident, she
ran away from home in Boston when she learned her father
promised her to a man she'd never met. She ended up in
Malvado where she works in the Calliope. She wouldn't
dispute the irony of sleeping with strangers for money ifshe


gave herself time to think about it. Instead, Ophelia simply
views herself as calling her own shots. She's set her mind
on taking her savings and heading to San Francisco, but is
all too aware of the dangers in the hills. Desperate fora way
f that it's in her best interest

out, she tries to convince h
tostay, while at the same time she waits for the right person
to come through town and rescue her.

Finlay Morrison

A small-time preacher, Morrison has earned notori-
ety from his claims that the region is infested with evil
spirits. He feels it's his duty to drive the darkness from
the land so that God-fearing men and women can safely
make lives for themselves here. Morrison is the only one
who speaks openly of the fears the townsfolk have, his
fiery speeches act as a kind of catharsis for the residents
of Malvado Canyon. While nearly everyone in the town
attends Morrison's weekly sermons, they make a point
of avoiding him the rest of the time. Interestingly,
Sheriff Gideon has been seen to enter the church during
the week. No one knows what the two discuss.

Dr. Douglas Walcott

The town doctor, Walcott is recognized as the longest
current resident of Malvado. He is a quiet and reserved
man, treating the various aches and pains of the townsfolk,
and spending quiet nights at home. Despite Walcott's long
history in the area, few people know anything about him.
They know his wife died in childbirth and that his daugh-
ter, Sandy, is the most important thing in his life, but
beyond that, Walcott isa cipher. He's proven himself to be
amore than capable physician, however, and that's good
enough for the town.

Sandy Walcott

Dr. Walcott's young daughter, Sandy returned to
Malvado a few months ago from school back East. She
graduated with honors and a degree in journalism (one
of the few topics her father will discuss without prompt-
ing), but instead of going to New York or San Francisco
she returned to Malvado Canyon to be with her father.
Sandy started a local newspaper, the Malvado Clarion,
but the residents are uncomfortable with the topics she
covers. They don't like to be reminded of the dangers in
the hills, or of the trade that's slowly transferring from
wagon trains to locomotive routes. Also, Sandy's un-
abashed enthusiasm startles most people.

Wraiths

Orson Miller

The former sheriff, Miller hides himself as best he can
from Gideon while planning his revenge. He's met
Adam Haslett and uses the newer wraith to find out all

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

CLL LLL,


Z,

he can of Gideon's habits. As yet, Haslett is unaware of

the reasons for Miller's interest, but has grown wary of
the other wraith nonetheless.

Randolph Walstone

A Pinkerton agent, Walstone came to Malvado on
the trail of a two-bit criminal. Much to Walstone's
embarrassment, the punk got the drop on him and shot
Walstone dead just as he was entering McCabe's Sa-
loon. Walstone's frustration took a back seat to wonder

and curiosity when he emerged as a wraith. His keen
intellect buzzed at the ramifications of his new exist-
ence. Walstone has spent the last few years since his
death exploring the full extent of his wraithly self. He's
not yet certain to what end he'll apply his abilities, but
avenging himself against his killer is near the top of the
list. In the meantime, Walstone watches Gideon's ac-
tions with great interest — in fact, he's the first wraith
with which Gideon discussed the unique condition of
Malvado Canyon.

Petra Volowski

The wife of a dry goods merchant, Petra had an affair
with Jonathan Brearly. Her husband was more con-
cerned with money and drinking than he was with her,
despite her efforts to maintain the marriage — even
traveling with him on his route. Petra and Brearly fell in
love but did nothing about it for some time. Sadly, the
one night they indulged in their passion, her husband
burst into the room. Drunk and furious, Volowski stabbed
Petra with a knife and went for Brearly. Brearly killed
Volowski, but was unable to save Petra. Ashamed and
mortified, Brearly sneaked out with the bodies during
the night and buried them, then acted as surprised as the
rest of the town at the couple's disappearance.

Despite the prayers Brearly said over her grave, Petra
could not rest easy. She stayed, tied to Brearly, unable to
requite her love. Although neither she nor Brearly
knew how Meany came about the information, he
nonetheless used the event to take Brearly's ownership
in the store. Petra decided to stay in Malvado until she
could exact an appropriate revenge on Meany.

Garou

The Wendigo don't have any idea what Gideon's up
to, but he's obviously gained some formidable assis-
tance. These Garou think that the region is in danger of
being overrun by the Storm Eater. They would already
have wiped the town off the map if it weren't for the
Risen guarding it. The Wendigo have sent word out,

asking for advice on how to cope with the situation.
Such things are new in their experience, and they're not
yet sure what to do. In the meantime, the Garou figure
their best bet is to keep anyone associated directly with
the town where they can keep an eye on them.

Stormkiller

This homid Theurge often acts like an Ahroun, but
the rest of the pack respects her spiritual power. She has
become the pack leader in the time since the Storm
Eater was freed; she took the name "Stormkiller" after
defeating one of the Storm Eater's twisted offspring
single-handedly. Stormkiller is fiercely determined to
stop Gideon's plans, whatever they may be. She further
hopes to discover a way to block off Malvado Canyon so
that it cannot be used by Garou, the Wyrm or the Storm
Eater.

Soaring Hawk

The former pack leader, Soaring Hawk decided that,
due to the changing times, Stormkiller was better-
suited to the job. The Philodox trained Stormkiller
subtly for the role without her even realizing it. Soaring
Hawk fought Stormkiller without reservation when she
finally made the challenge, and was inordinately proud
to lose to her. Soaring Hawk has tremendous confi-

dence in the Theurge, and feels that she is essential to
the Pure Ones' victory against the Storm Eater and the
Wyrmcomers.

Sees-The-Wind

This lupus Theurge follows in Stormkiller's foot-
steps. Sees-The-Wind seems well attuned to speaking
with spirits, and guides the pack in their travels through
the Umbra. He has been studying Malvado Canyon
intently, hoping to learn the true extent of its ties to the
Dark Umbra.

Speaks-To-The-Past

A homid Galliard, Speaks-To-The-Past has shown
herself to be remarkably adept at channeling the spirits
of her ancestors. Speaks-To-The-Past has been instru-
and tales she's

mental in guiding the pack with stories
"remembered." Her maternal nature has also been a
comfort during rough times, especially in recent days.

Runs-In-Silence

The younger brother of Sees-The-Wind, this young
lupus Ragabash brings much-needed levity to the pack.
He was given his name due to his habit of howling and
barking excitedly when chasing down prey. Although
Runs-In-Silence can be quiet when the need arises, the
rest of the time he's a noisy bundle of nervous energy.

82 Ghost Towns


Paradise,
Montana

We gathered on the open plain that evening for the last
time. I didn't know it then, but I would never see these brave
warriors alive again. Had I not chosen the road of cowardice
that night, my corpse would be among theirs. I regret that
decision every day I draw breath.

Our war party had traveled a long way from the Black Hills of
the Dakota Mountains. The black dust barely off our feet, we
gathered with the other packs to hear tales of courage, death and
victory. A great battle had just been fought between our Kinfolk and the
white man's army. Many braves earned their feathers and many white men lost
their scalps.

Moonchaser entered our circle and took his rightful place facing east. He walked sun-wise
around the fire, passing just behind me. I shivered as the powerful Theurge approached to
within anarm's length of me. I feared that the others had witnessed my moment of weakness,
but luckily, all eyes rested on the great wichasha wakan, holy man.

Moonchaser spoke, Today is a good day to die. The white man's army has lost
the yellow-haired devil and a great many of his soldiers have fled from this world.
Many great Sioux and Cheyenne warriors gathered together and followed Crazy
Horse on his road to the Little Big Horn."

Many of us wanted to howl and cheer at these tidings.
Something in Moonchaser's attitude forced us to withhold
our revelry, however. There were more words as yet
unspoken — darker words.

"Today may be a good day to die , but the spirits of the dead
areangry" , the Theurge continued. "Wakan-Tankawatches
over all of us and all of our people and all of our Kinfolk from
his place in the sky, just as Mother and Grandmother watch
over us from the ground beneath our feet. But the white man
does not understand this great harmony, and his people
sometimes become lost. While their god is great and powerful,
the whites sometimes search for wakan in things that are not
wakan. They walk this Earth but do not respect the four
quarters or our four great relatives or Wakan-Tanka who
watches over all of us."

Moonchaser invited each of the four quarters of the
universe to enter the sacred pipe in the ceremonial fashion.
He also invited the Earth to enter the pipe and offered the
whole universe up to the great spirit. Moonchaser
took the sacred pipe and passed it over the fire,
giving Wakan-Tanka the first smoke. He
then passed the sacred pipe in the sun-wise
direction to each of us.

"The tribes that come with the white
man do not realize that they disturb the
balance. They claim to serve the Earth Mother,


a

but they join their Kinfolk in digging up our most sacred sites.
They release ancient spirits that our people trapped long ago
with the help of the Mother. The ancient Wyrm laughs at
them from his secret den."

Weall shook our heads in sadness, recalling the ignorance
of the newcomers and the pain they cause. Moonchaser
spoke again, but this time he spoke to us as if we were
disrespectful children. He said, "The Wyrmcomers are not
the only foolish ones! Some of us in this sept are not worthy
tosmoke the sacred pipe. You have sought the mysteries of the
sacred as well as the evil spirits. You have sought wakan to
stop the white man. The power you seek is not buried in the
sand, but is buried here!" The Wendigo drew a deep breath
and beat his chest twice.

I looked around at the Garou encircling the fire trying to
find the ones who had violated our sacred holdings. If they
were here as Moonchaser had said, I could not find them.
The flood of anger in my heart nearly forced me to my feet
to demand who had done these things, but my respect for
Moonchaser kept me silent and seated.

"Today is not a good day to be among the dead,"
Moonchaser repeated. "Those who cannot find the road
south continue to walk the Earth. Those who are not
embraced by the wings of White Swan bring bad luck and
misgivings to the living. Even our Kinfolk may become lost
if their souls are not kept in the sacred way taught by the
White Buffalo Cow Woman. Unable to find peace with their
families, these lost spirits wander the world searching for the
red road, the road south, upon which our Kin must all
journey.

"The white men's souls that do not pass on to their powerful
god also remain trapped here, anchored by their greed or their
pain or their anger. They bring bad luck to the living as well.
Unable to find peace, they must walk this Earth until time ends
or until they free themselves from their pain.

"There is agreat beast that stalks the world of the dead and
haunts the world of the living." My ears perked up at hearing
these words: This was the reason I had journeyed so far.
"This spirit, that is powerful but not wakan, feeds on the
anguish of the dead who cannot rest. Freed by the greed of the
white man and the foolishness of our Kin, this creature turns
those we love most into our greatest enemy. It brings out the
hate that consumes and forces brother to kill brother.

"Our people to the west met this enemy and fell. They did
not even know what took them. It swept up from the Earth
and dragged them down into the dust. It did not even have the
honor to show itself before it destroyed every one of them.

SEEN

LLL,

CX

"The white people of Paradise met this enemy and also
fell. I do not know what happened to them, but I fear their
fate is like that of our Kin. Some say it is their fault that this
thing happened, but I say that does not matter.

"Now, we goto bring the power of Wakan-Tanka to revenge
the spirits of our Kin and free them. Our ancestors once
imprisoned this monstrous Bane. Now we must destroy it."

We left the ceremony with a roar to conclude the evening's
preparations. In the revelry, no one noticed as I stepped
sideways and wandered out of the camp to rejoin my pack.
This Bane must be defeated, but my pack will be the one to
stalk and kill it. Moonchaser is old and can no longer
remember the power of courage and determination. He will
sing our praises at the very next moot along with those who
won the Little Big Horn. Perhaps even the Wyrmcomers will
learn from us and stop their conquest. Glory will be ours!

Foundation of
Paradise

Paradise seems aptly named at first glance. Although Iam
only a new arrival, the simple folk here have given me a
welcome suitable for the second coming. I believe I will be
happy here. As I walk the grounds of my new church,
however, I cannot shake the feeling that I have been here
before. Perhaps it is just the new setting, but still I feel ill at
ease in my new home. My sleep has been without rest for
some nights, now. Surely when my father arrives this feeling
will subside — I do miss his company.

—From the Journal of Reverend Jonathan Hanscome,
June 21, 1876.

Lost among the foothills of the Dakota mountains
and the deep forest of the Montana territory sits a lonely
town ironically named Paradise. While the name suited
the town early in its history, it now points out the
fallibility of humanity and the differences between
human endeavor and divine creation. For the people
who lived in Paradise, their dreams shattered and their
lives extinguished, the town has become a nightmare.
For the creature that chose the location of the town and
doomed its residents, the town lives up to its name.

The formation of Paradise differed little from that of any
other frontier town. A family, in search of a new life, built
a home in the untamed wilds. Soon, other families with
similar ambitions built their own homes, and before long
a town stood where unsettled wilderness once existed.
Unlike most towns, however, supernatural forces doomed
Paradise to an untimely and gruesome end.

84 Ghost Towns


aM

The first white settlers in the area, William Bastion and
his family, chose the area for its beautiful rolling hills and
its breathtaking countryside. Their proximity to the
Clearwater river expedited trade with towns further east
and the wild countryside provided plenty of game follow-
ing Paradise's establishment. His small home quickly grew
into a trading post and even a small hostel for weary
and guides journey-

travelers, William traded with trappe
ing west toward the Dakota Mountains and beyond.
The Bastion family fought fiercely against the harsh
winters and managed to carve a life out of the unforgiv-
ing wilderness. Fortunately for them, the local Sioux
were amenable to a friendly white man. The Sioux

provided William's family with food and furs during the
first winter, without which they surely would have died.
After establishing friendly terms with the natives,
Bastion's family prospered. They traded with the Sioux
ona regular basis, acquiring what they could not grow or

make themselves.

William was soon joined by his cousin, Thomas, who
constructed a proper hotel and stable. Thomasalso brought
acquaintances

his family and later convinced several of hi:
tosettle nearby. These new familiesset up larger farms than
the meager patches of land that William had first planted.
A healthy community of trade and cooperation between
the families assured their prosperity.

Fe

As more settlers arrived, William found himself at
the center of an emerging town. The new residents'
reasons for coming were as varied as the people them-
selves: Some came for the promise of free land, others
came to start new lives. Some made the journey to strike
it rich and others came to prey off those fortunes. Still
others came because they were no longer welcome back
East. When the time came to make the status of the
town official, William chose the name Paradise, but

allowed his cousin Thomas to become the first mayor.

Thomas Bastion enjoyed the luxury of being the
mayor of a quiet town that hardly had call for his
political position. His main duty was to oversee the
small town council that gathered on a monthly basis to
discuss various issues. The first major issue the town was
ack of any church in Paradise. Thomas
sent inquires and organized the building of the town's
house of God. After several weeks, Thomas' inquiries
were answered — Reverend Jonathan Hanscome was

to face was the

on his way to Paradise.

The arrival of Hanscome would be both the most
celebrated day since the town's birth and the beginning
of the end for Paradise. He did not know it then, but
Reverend Hanscome brought doom to Paradise as surely
as if he had summoned the Devil himself.


i Pas

Fall from Grace

As my new congregation fills the simple pews today, I

cannot shake off an apprehension. My flock has little clue
that their shepherd has lost his way. Since my father's brutal
slaying in Missouri, I have found it difficult to believe that
God still exists in this world. How could He turn His back
on me after I have sacrificed my entire life in His service?
Why would He do such a thing to me, when these sniveling
wretches lust after their brother's wives and rut with the town
whore? They drink and dance while I cannot sleep for dread
of seeing my father in my dreams. He haunts me. He asks
me, "Why Jonathan? Why?" I don't know, father. Can't
you just leave me alone? Can't you just stay dead?

—From the Journal of Reverend Jonathan Hanscome,
August 16, 1876.

The demise of Paradise came about like a spider
catching a fly. The killing blow fell swiftly and unex-
pectedly.

Not long after his arrival in Paradise, Reverend
Hanscome received a letter informing him that his

father had been slain. Found drunk at the scene of a
murder, an angry mob lynched his innocent father
before the evidence pointed out the real culprit. The
townspeople were dreadfully sorry, the letter stated, and
they called upon his love of God to forgive them. He

could not — and therein lay the doom of Paradise.

Sower-of-Fear, a Bane in service to the Defiler Wyrm,
found the empty corners of Hanscome's soul and filled
them with hatred. Whereas the man was once filled
with the joy of faith, he now felt the cruel fires of anger
and revenge. A madness overtook Hanscome, exacer-

bated by the influence of the Bane. The person who had

been Reverend Hanscome was soon replaced by a re-
sentful, hate-filled servant of the Wyrm.

Jonathan no longer spoke his sermons on the pulpit
solemnly, but rather a new fervor overtook him every

Sunday. The townspeople noted the change, and ad-

mired the man's seemingly renewed faith in spite of his
father's tragic death. Attendance increased weekly as
did church volunteers and Sunday school enrollment.

Unknowingly, Hanscome introduced new elements
into his sermons each week, subtly manipulating his
congregation. The people, enraptured by Hanscome's
force of personality and the emotion in his homilies,

absorbed every word he spoke regardless of the content
of the sermons. God had no place in Hanscome's church;
only the Wyrm and its corrupting influence lived there.


Sunday mass attendees would only consciously remem-
ber a rousing Sunday sermon, while the underlying
words would poison their souls.

The insidious effects of Sower-of-Fear's influence
became apparent slowly and inexorably. First the chil-
dren, easily overwhelmed by the Bane, began to spit and
curse at the air. Then the stablehand — good with
animals, but as simple as they come — rolled around in
xt the town

horse dung and ran off into the night. Ne
deputy, a house of a man named James Smith, simply
walked out of the sheriffs office, rifle in hand. The
madness had set him in motion on a course that would
ignite the final powder-keg of Paradise.

The poison spread quickly enough and the dim ones
went first. Several of the children spoke in tongues and
fought with one another constantly. Driven by the
Reverend's hatred, they clawed at one another like wild
beasts, bloody noses turning to broken arms. The lummox
of a deputy went next; settling a simple bar brawl with

Despite his early fears, William Bastion was wel-
comed by the Sioux. Although they feared his presence
would draw in more wasichu as much he feared their
rifles, the Bastion family went unharmed by the Sioux
villagers. Over the first few years, the Sioux played an
integral role in the Bastion family's survival. An unex-
pectedly harsh winter setin and only the timely provisions
supplied by the tribe kept William and his family alive.

Unfortunately, the Sioux were caught completely
off-guard by the rapid growth of Paradise. A commu-
nity sprang up seemingly overnight where once only
one man and his family lived. The white settlers
chopped down trees to make their homes and burned
fields to grow their crops.

The Sioux chief Running Elk chose peace over war
when white settlers arrived near his home. He told his
people that the white man could be dealt with diplo-
matically and that they could learn from each other.
Of course, Chief Running Elk could deal with one
white settler, but he was not prepared for the hun-
dreds who followed. Even Paradise, which remained
small until its demise, overwhelmed the small Sioux
community.

On the night Paradise was destroyed, Chief Run-
ning Elk had already decided it was time to move his
village. Before that desire could be carried out some of

The Sioux

his rifle. Soon, nearly everyone was drooling and bleed-
ing out of their ears. They screamed for blood and killed
those people who hadn't yet lost their wits. No one
knew what was going.on until it was too late — they
were dead or a part of the chaos. Wives turned against

husbands over long-buried jealousies. Envious siblings
murdered their younger brothers and sisters in their
cribs. Old friends slew e:
reason. Within a day every last man, woman and child
had been killed or driven completely out their mind.
If and the few

ch other for no discernible

Finally, the madness turned upon its

remaining townspeople turned their carving knives and
pitchforks on themselves.

Haunted Paradise

I will spit on them when I see them again. Those simpleton
dirt-grubbers and their whore women, who search my soul
with their lusty eyes, I'll spit on them and show them the
beast's power.

his best warriors lost control of their senses. They
screeched at the top of their lungs, holding the sides of
their heads and crumpled to the ground. When they
looked up again, Chief Running Elk could not recog-
nize the men before him. Their faces contorted with
madness and their eyes streamed bloody tears. One of
the warriors had nearly bit his tongue off and it hung
loosely out of his slack-jawed mouth. All ten of the
bravest Sioux were affected in a similar manner; an
inexplicable madness defiling the men and leaving
only ravening beasts in human guises.

Chief Running Elk called on the stricken Sioux to
hold their ground and let the holy man help them.
When the holy man approached, the warriors at-
tacked. They dropped their rifles and axes and tore
him down with their teeth and hands. They slashed
him with their fingernails, now hooked into clumsy
claws. Other warriors joined the fray and soon all of
the village was embroiled in the fight. Children im-
paled their parents on spears, laughing as their mothers
and fathers screamed in agony. The Sioux warriors
continued their rampage, killing anything that got in
their way. All around him, Chief Running Elk saw his
people destroying one another. Before he could regain
control of his wits, his own son beat him in the back
of the head with the butt of a rifle.

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 67

SESSA


They'll die for hanging my father. He still comes to me
every night accusing and pointing. Me! He blames me! He

says I should have done more, he says I should do more.

"Revenge!" he cries. I'll show him revenge — revenge in
spades.

—From the Journal of Reverend Jonathan Hanscome,
no date entered.

For many of the former residents of Paradise, death
did not bring their story to an end. Hanscome, driven
sed into the

mad by the power of Sower-of-Fear, cros
Shadowlands as a Spectre. The mad townspeople who
crossed the Shroud, likewise were quickly consumed by
their bloated Shadows. Hanscome set about reaping the
other newly dead and introduced them to their new
world, explaining to each one that they had been
punished by God and must make amends.

The reverend commanded his flock to listen to his
every word and command. They were doomed, he
scue them. The thirty
Paradise Restless who had emerged in the Shadow

claimed, and only he could re:

nds
had no choice but to listen to the reverend; they had no

idea he had started the massacre and even less idea that

he now wished to punish them further.

ASSSSSN

Ca TM ES

s. Now,

however, the ceremony is open mockery of the sacra-

The reverend continues to hold Sunday ma:

and sacrifice.

ments, complete with burning cross
Hanscome, his relationship closer to Sower-of-Fear
than ever before, forces the town's Restless to sacrifice
what little they have left to the Bane. He chooses one
victim each week, performs a ghastly ceremony and
plunges a soulsteel knife into their the victim's body.
The subsequent release of fear and Corpus strengthens
the Bane. When a wraith becomes overwhelmed by her
fear, she is consumed by her shadow and joins Hanscome's
ranks of Spectres; thus both Hanscome and the Bane are
served. In the mean time, the Spectres patrol surround-
ing countryside searching for new victims, both the
Quick and the Dead.

The townspeople fear the reverend and his strange
rituals, but are equally afraid that he is right. If God has
punished them, mustn't they do penance? They believe
that Hanscome's rituals free them from their purgatory. He
has convinced them the Spectres are actually angels and
they must go through his seemingly cruel mass in order to
ascend to that level. With no one else providing any
answers to the contrary, the townspeople have little hope.


The Town

Paradise used to be a peaceful town, but that's how
most of these stories start. Located just east of the
Dakota' Mountains'and tight along the banks: of the
Clearwater River, Paradise was a family town. A narrow
main street surrounded by 20 buildings comprised the
town center with an additional 35 cabins filling out the
remainder. All in all, 300 people made their way in
Paradise. Now, however, nobody lives in Paradise any-
more, and it is anything but peaceful.

es most of the major
hments. At one end

Paradis
buildings and commercial establis

's main strip encomp:

of town, the church stands as a wooden monument to
God. Its single steeple contains the bell that summoned
the townspeople for Sunday mass. At the other end, the
Crooked Arrow Saloon provided a form of absolution
all its own — turning a fair profit on the misery of the
unfortunate. The Paradise Lodge, the town's only hotel,

housed travelers on their way to fortune and glory in the
West and again on their miserable and bankrupt jour-
ed himself
ight of most of the town

neys back East. The mill, whose owner pr

in the cogs, still turns out of
down by the river.

The town center remains the focus for activity in
Paradise. Many of the Restless congregate at the Crooked
Arrow, drowning in the memories of bygone days. The
reverend's church, of course, continues to hold Sunday
mass, but remains a monolith of fear throughout the rest
of the week. Most of the Restless now slumber at the
Paradise Lodge, which provides the most comfort dur-

ing the day.

Sower-of-Fear
Offi

the first settler to lay claim to the area now called
Paradise, Montana. Unoffi
by the Sioux for generations until settlers came to take
itaway. What Bastion did not know and what the Sioux
have long forgotten is that the territory was already

al town records show that William Bastion was

ially, the area had been held

"occupied" before either of them got there.

This spirit, an ancient Bane, resides in the very soil
surrounding Paradise. Trapped their for hundreds of
years, it has forgotten
Sower-of-Fear, and when they say its name they wh
Even the eldest of Garou
do not remember the whole truth concerning Sower-of-

s own name. The Garou call it

itso as not to attract attention.

Fear and its place in the world. By its very nature, the
Bane tends to be forgotten, until human fear or hatred
stirs it from its slumber.

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

Unintentionally, the townspeople of Paradise weak-

ened the seal imprisoning the Bane when they dug the
foundation for the church. Lacking any real energy, it
patiently waited for humanity to provide enough nour-
ishment tofree itself. The arrival of Jonathan Hanscome
and his subsequent loss of faith proved to be enough of
a boost for Sower-of-Fear to begin its work. Not wanting
to attract attention, it moved slowly, feeding on the
reverend's hatred until it could control him. Through
him, the Bane poisoned the minds of the rest of the
town. [twas only a matter of time before the humans lost
control and killed each other.

Sower-of-Fear gorged on the flow of hatred and panic
that swept through the town after the killings began. It
grew stronger, but quickly ran out of nourishment as the
small population dwindled. It raged at the mystical
prison that still contained it, but did not have the
energy to completely break free. When the last man
swallowed his gun and pulled the trigger, Sower-of-Fear
despaired that it would ever escape.

In the midst of defeat, the Bane discovered a new
. The s
the town like maggots on a dead dog. Sower-of-Fear
could still feel their terror as they entered the
Shadowlands. It could also sense its favorite pawn —
the late Reverend Hanscome — continuing his cor-

recours

pirits of many townspeople still cling to

rupted work on the other side of the Shroud. Reaching
out again to touch the mind of its former slave, the Bane
discovered a willing servant in its plans for escape.

Sower-of-Fear continues to thrive off the emotional

energies of the Restless Paradise residents. It grows in

power each day, straining the lim
it in check.

's of the seal holding

Currently, the Bane remains trapped and cannot
leave Paradise or its mystical prison. However, if it is
attacked and destroyed, it will simply reform somewhere
else inthe Umbraand be free to roamat will. Garou who
attack it directly find themselves with an interesting
dilemma; defeating the Bane only makes it more power-
ful by freeing it.

Willpower 6, Rage 9, Gnosis 9, Power 40+

Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Blighted Touch, Cor-
ruption, Incite Frenzy, Consumption
New Charm: Consumption

Sower-of-Fear consumes emotional energies such as
fear and hatred. It converts these emotional outpour-
ings into Power, which it can then use against its
enemies. Once its total Power reaches 60, Sower-of-
|. For each Rage point
spent in the Bane's vicinity, it gains one point of Power.

Fear will shake off the mystical s

Jt

— :

wr

Ss

SSeS Ss

SSSEESSS


The Bane can also roll Willpower (difficulty 8) to
gain one Power whenever a person, supernatural or

4 Plots

otherwise, expresses fear or hatred. The characters can discover the tragedy

Story Ideas

in several ways, each of which may lead the
players to the town and into confrontation
with Sower-of-Fear.

¢ Family Ties — One of the pack mem-

Theme

The story of Paradise revolves around one man's

bers had a human Kinfolk in the town of
Paradise who maintains regular contact with
the tribe. The sudden stop in communication
leads the pack to the town where they quickly

discover that not only has the Kinfolk

loss of faith and the evil that can fester in an empty
soul. The characters may question their belief in
Gaia and the natural state of the world,
as the Spectres and Sower-of-Fear con-
front them both physically and
mentally.

been slain, but everyone has been
killed.

¢ Glory Hunters — The pack
learns about Sower-of-Fear's influ-

Duty to Gaia and responsibility for

the Wyrm should bea main focus of a Garou ence over Paradise and craves the glory

such a spirit would bring
them. At first, they care nothing for
the townspeople or the Sioux, but
only wish to find the Bane. As they set
about searching for the Wyrm-spirit,
Hanscome rallies the town's Restless

destroying

story set in Paradise. The ignorant humans
have released something they can neither
control nor understand. It is the Garou's
duty to set things right and imprison or
destroy the malevolent spirit that haunts
Paradise.
Something that the Garou cannot ignore, against the Garou.
¢ The Cavalry —One or more Garou
has entered Paradise and not returned.
Moonchaser warns the pack that the
power at work in Paradise cannot be
defeated and the characters should

however, is that years ago they took respon-
sibility for this spirit by imprisoning it.
Allowing their guard to drop and the
wards to break down leaves them as
much to blame as the townspeople of
Paradis

Mood

The Bane buried under Paradis
drove every man, woman and child
insane before they died violently at

only go to town to rescue their fallen
comrades. Unfortunately, Hanscome
and his band of Spectres captured the

Garou and are using them to free
Sower-of-Fear. The characters must

convince the ghostly townspeople to

4 help or the fallen heroes will be lost.
each other's hands. Every aspect of

a fc ¢ War Party — Moonchaser has
the history of Paradise should evoke a y

: age convinced the elders of several tribes
feeling of pity. These people only

wished the same from life as everyone
else, yet that was torn away by a force

that Sower-of-Fearisasignificant threat
and they have put aside their differ-

ences until the Bane is dealt with. The

they could neither see nor explain. Even
pack

the reverend, who inadvertently
caused the calamity, can be pitied

aid on
tatus

is summoned to join the

Paradise. Depending on thei
they may simply be part of the diver-

in his ignorance. The playersshould ;
8 play sion or be Moonchas'

. . 's personal
be overwhelmed with the totality

Ae bodyguards.
of this tragedy. y : -
¢ Reinforcements — Sower-
of-Fear, sensing an impending Garou
attack, summons aid from its fellow

Wyrm creatures. A pack of Black Spiral


The Shroud

The barrier between the world of the living and
the Shadowlands has been dreadfully damaged in
the area surrounding Paradise. The presence of
Sower-of-Fear and the number of gruesome deaths.
has weakened the Shroud to almost nothing. At
night the ghostly residents of Paradise can plainly
be seen walking the streets and conducting their
affairs almost as if nothing has happened.

For the purposes of game mechanics, the Shroud
in the center of town is 1. The Shroud returns to
normal strength in surrounding wilderness, but
progressively loses strength as the power of Sower-
of-Fear grows. The Shroud at the Sioux village —
destroyed in the aftermath of the Paradise massa-
cre — is steadily eroding: At the moment, the
Shroud in this area is 4.

While the breakdown in the Shroud remained
localized, Sower-of-Fear will soon haye enough
power to escape from its mystical prison. If this
Bane gains its freedom it could weaken the Shroud
everywhere it goes. If Reverend Hanscome and
his band of Spectres have a goal, this would seem
to be it.

Dancers move to aid the Bane. The characters must cut
off any and all aid to Sower-of-Fear; the Black Spirals
being the first of many targets.

© Umbral Nightmare
distorts the barriers between the spirit world, the
| realm. Elements from all

Sower-of-Fear's presence

Shadowlands and the physi

three have been haphazardly criss-crossing: humans trapped
in the Umbra, wraiths walking into the physical world and
spirits cruising the Shadowlands. The Garou must clean up

the mess the Bane causes to the natural order.

Paradise Notables

Reverend Jonathan
Hanscome

Background: Atfirst, Hanscome wanted nothing more
than to serve God. After a mob lynched his father, an
innocent man wrongly accused, he lost faith. Hanscome
could not reconcile the loss of his father, his only living
relative, with the existence of God. In this vacuum, Sower-

of-Fear planted a seed of evil that blossomed to consume
the town. The Bane snuck into Hanscome's empty soul
and used the reverend as a puppet

When the powderkeg of Paradise finally exploded,
Sower-of-Fear released its pawn and restored his memory.
The reverend, appalled at what he had created, hung
himself. Unfortunately for Hanscome, death did not
end his tortured existence, it only made it worse it.
Bereft of his faith, immersed in guilt over his actions
under the control of Sower-of-Fear, the reverend en-
tered the Shadowlands as a Spectre.

Now a powerful agent of Oblivion, Reverend
Hanscome continues to mislead the people of Paradise
into believing that Sower-of-Fear is really their salva-
tion. Every Sunday, in mockery of his previous faith, he
holds mass for the great Bane wherein one of the

Restless townspeople is sacrificed to the creature.

Image: Hanscome towers over most men, yet his wiry
frame makes him a wisp of a man. Once, a happy glow
warmed his face from his mouth to his eyes, but now that
glow is a jealous green aura that surrounds his entire
body. His mouth is usually a tight snarl, nearly spitting
out his words. Hanscome still wears his reverend's suit,
although it is now covered in mucus and blood. His head
hangs limply against his shoulder from a broken neck.
Only his eyes betray the keen intellect behind his
deranged visage.

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 1


Roleplaying Hints: You are completely and insidi-
ously insane. Any semblance of control is maintained
strictly as a front for the Restless you control and any
strangers you might come This town and every-
one in it belongs to you. The people are your flock and
you are the shepherd. Now it is time to lead the lambs

TC

to the slaughter.

Destiny: Reverend Hanscome (assuming the play-
ers' characters don't bring about his end) continues his
reign of terror until 1898, when a railroad spur line's
construction results in the demolition of the Paradise
Assembly Church. In the aftermath, Hanscome ends up
in Stygia, and answers for his crimes of heresy by being
made into a barghest.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Deviant; at times Caregiver

Caste: Doppelganger

Physi

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Awareness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimi-
dation 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Performance, 3
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 1, Investigation 2, Occult 1
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Haunt 4, Status 3

Dark Passions: Avenge father's death (Vengeance) 3,
Destroy Restless (Hate) 3, Serve Sower-of-Fear (Fear) 3

Arcanoi: Hive-Mind 2, Keening 3, Outrage 3, Pande-
monium 2, Shroud-Rending 4

Fetters: Church 3, Journal 4

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 8

Permanent Corpus: 10

Psyche: Saint
Composure: 3
Fronds: Memories of Life, Guilt, Penance

Passions: Reaffirm faith (Hope) 3, Renew Love for God
(Love) 2

Moonchaser

Background: An elder of the Wendigo tribe,
Moonchaser retained his status as a holy man with the
Sioux even after his first change. While other Garou
d glory in the battle with the white man or newly
freed Wyrm creatures, Moonchaser stayed with his
people, fulfilling his responsibilities as an advisor and

ch

spiritual guide. Over the years, Moonchaser has pro-
vided Sioux and werewolf alike with calm, thoughtful
suggestions for perplexing, frustrating situations.
Moonchaser regularly travels to the Sioux village
outside Paradise. When he last visited the village,

however, he dis

overed it was destroyed, but could find
no signs of the white men, other Garou or even the
Wyrm. From Kicking Rabbit, the ghost of a boy trapped
in the village, he learned of Sower-of-Fear and the
havoc it has caused around Paradise.

Although not inclined to be a warrior, Moonchaser
is assembling the Garou to fight against this Bane that
threatens the entire Northwest. Should it escape, surely
many more would die horrible deaths.

Image: Moonchaser is old by human standards. A
Sioux by birth, he maintains his religious station and
s accordingly. Seemingly slow and frail, the
Theurge actually poss
spirit world and life on the open plain have toughened

dre:

ses formidable endurance. The

him, although he lacks the combat experience of his
brethren.

Roleplaying Hints: You never desired glory or even
the bloodlust to fight for that matter, but now you have
no choice. While the other Garou sharpened their

claws on the bones of their enemies, you sharpened your

Ghost Towns


mind on the problems of life. Now body must catch up
with mind as your final conflict approaches. You have
seen your death in a vision: You will not leave Paradise.
Sower-of-Fear must be stopped, even though it means
the end of your peaceful existence.

Destiny: Moonchaser knows that he will never re-
turn from Paradise. His only hope is that he will destroy
or contain Sower-of-Fear with his sacrifice.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Wendigo

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 3, Etiquette 3, Leadership 3,
Performance 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledge: Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2,
Medicine 3, Occult 4, Politics 2, Rituals 5
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Fetish 4, Kinfolk 4,
Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Call the Breeze, Mother's Touch, Persuasion,
Spirit Speech; (2) Commanding Voice, Command
Spirit, Dust Storm, Name the Spirit; (3) Pulse of the
Invisible, Winter Forest; (4) Spirit Drain, Spirits of
Decay; (5) Part the Veil

Rank: 5

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8

Rites: (Accord) Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Reconcilia-
tion; (Caern) Moot Rite; (Mystic) Rite of Binding, Rite
of Summoning

Fetish: Medicine Bag

William Bastion

Background: William founded the town of Paradise
with his cousin Thomas. Like 30 other Paradise resi-
dents, William finds himself tapped in the Shadowlands
under the thrall of the mad reverend. Most of the
townspeople believe the reverend to be their only
salvation, but William has rejected this idea. Ever
independent, William has escaped from town and fled
to the old mill. From there he hopes to find help in other
parts of the Shadowlands or the physical world. So far he
has been unable to leave the mill for fear of being
discovered by the roaming Spectres.

Image: William isa short, stocky man who died in his
late 40s. As a farmer, he developed a strong back and a
grip like iron as well as a strong work ethic. To his death,
he maintained a simple appearance, looking more like
a dirty farmhand then a town founder.

Roleplaying Hints: You miss your wife, your family
and the simple days when you were alive. You'll be
dammed if you let that insane reverend lead your friends
any further toward Hell. You know the reverend caused
all this, you just don't know how. Maybe if you could
find some help, you could beat the truth out of his
scrawny hide.

Destiny: Bastion sacrifices himself to save Paradise
from Hanscome and the Bane once he discovers it.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Survivor
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3
Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Leadership 2,
Performance 1, Repair 3
Knowledge: Bureaucracy 1, Enigmas 2, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Haunt 3, Artifacts 2, Legacy 4

ay


SR

Passions: Love family (Love) 4, Save Paradise (Pride) 3,
Destroy reverend (Hate) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Embody 3, Moliate 3

Fetters: House 3, Town 4

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 7

a Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: Perfectionist
Angst: 4
Thorns: Trick of the Light, Bad Luck
Dark Passions: Destroy Paradise (Hate) 3, Kill rever-
end (Vengeance) 2
Kicking Rabbit

Background: Kicking Rabbit died several days prior
to the massacre in Paradise. In the ritual method of the
Sioux, his spirit was captured by his father to be "kept"
until their mourning period had ended. At that time,
Sioux child was to be released. That day will never
come. Kicking Rabbit's father died in the ensuing battle
with the townspeople along with all the Sioux villagers.
The boy remains tied to the grounds of his village, but,
unlike most of the wraiths in the area, maintains his
sanity.

When Moonchaser arrived, Kicking Rabbit went to
his "uncle" and warned him of the danger. Moonchaser
left immediately to get help. Since that time he has not
seen anyone besides the Spectres who hunt for new
victims.

Image: A small, naked Sioux child with long dark
hair and sharp eyes, Kicking Rabbit appears to anyone
who enters the Sioux village. A longing stare precedes
apathetic plea to be freed from his village. His haunted
eyes have witnessed the destruction of his people and he
wishes nothing more than to travel south to the land of
the dead.

Roleplaying Hints: You saw what happened and you
fear it will still happen to you. Although you are already
dead, you know the evil ghost who killed your family can
still come and find you: He has allies among the other
ghosts and they are cold and evil as well. You hide from
them at night and search for help whenever strangers
enter the village.

Destiny: Kicking Rabbit manages to escape the wrath
of Sower-of-Fear, but succumbs to his own failings. By
the close of the 19th century, Kicking Rabbit becomes
a Spectre.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Child

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Dodge 2, Expression 1
Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 1, Stealth 2
Knowledge: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Eidolon 3, Haunt 2, Legacy 3
Passions: Serve his people (Duty) 2, Love of family
(Love) 5, Defeat Sower-of-Fear (Vengeance) 2
Arcanoi: Embody 2, Fatalism 2, Outrage 2

Fetters: Lock of hair from Sioux ritual 5

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 5

Permanent Corpus: 7

Shadow: Parent

Angst: 1

Thorns: Death's Sigil

Dark Passions: Escape from village (Fear) 4, Listen to
Spectres (Vengeance) 1


"What'cha see, Bill?"

"Not much. Couple o' greenhorn kids from the 14th
Kansas an' maybe 15-20 niggers from the 2nd Colored.
Coons ain't even got no guns."

William Clarke Quantrill, Confederate captain, squinted
toward the town on the horizon. His band of guerrilla soldiers
— border scum, mostly, but mounted to a man — cantered
with bloodthirsty anticipation.

"What's the word, captain?"

"Bum it," growled Quantrill, spitting out a plug of wet
tobacco. "Burn the whole goddamn thing."

wry?

Flames licked up from the gutted carcass of Lawrence,
Kansas like the town had been transported to Hell itself. The
guerrillas, drunk long since the actual raid, regrouped on the
west side of the town's rubble.

"Captain! Captain!" cried the young scout, who fought
to choke back the gorge of vomit that the stench of burning
flesh raised to his gullet.

"What is it, Peach?"

"Union troops...not the ones we killed. ..comin' from th'
east..."

"That's fine, Peach. Get a dozen boys together and put
‘em on rear guard. The rest of us are movin' out in five
minutes."

"Yessir!"

Background and
Setting

On August 20th, 1863, William Clarke Quantrill
and his motley band of rogue Confederate guerrillas
rampaged through Lawrence, Kansas, sacking the city
and setting it ablaze. While human history is no stranger
to such brutal displays of rapacity, the carnage of
Lawrence's burning is an anomaly in the Savage West
— every person who died in the inferno found their way
to the Shadowlands. Needless to say, it's not pretty.

The Stage is Set

Like many towns in the Savage West, Lawrence is a
rugged, eventful place. In the decade before the massa-
cre, the issue of slavery tore the entire state of Kansas in
two. Though predominantly abolitionist, Kansas wit-

nessed an influx of ballot box-stuffing Missourians, and
remained proslavery in 1855. Free-state forces fortified
the city of Lawrence in response, and drafted their own
constitution outlawing slavery soon after.

In 1856, a proslavery army descended on Lawrence,
leaving wreckage in its wake. Never to be outdone, John
Brown formed a small anti-slavery group that ravaged
five slave-state homesteads at Pottawatomie Creek.

Extremism spread like plague, and the whole of
Kansas suffered at the hands of southern "border ruffi-
ans" and northern "bushwhackers," both determined to
hamstring each other. Looting, murder and pillage were
the rule on both sides, and tensions sparked in Kansas
mounted nationwide: Antislavery Massachusetts Con-
gressman Charles Sumner spoke out against southern
"Crime against Kansas," and two days later, South
Carolina Congressman Preston Brooks lambasted
Sumner's head repeatedly with his cane.

Amid the Violence

Enter Quantrill.

Leading a force of over 400 mounted thugs under the
nominal banner of Confederate muster, William Clarke
Quantrill took advantage of Kansas' endemic discord
and laid waste to Lawrence.

Over 200 of Lawrence's 2,000 inhabitants died due to
Quantrill's depredations, including the mayor, sheriff
and a visiting U.S. Marshal. 17 of the 26 recruits from
the 14th Kansas Regiment also died, as did a few
members of the 2nd Colored Regiment (who, to their
credit, made for the hills as the onslaught commenced
— they had been provided with neither uniforms nor
weapons). 182 buildings burned as Quantrill's hellions
ran roughshod over the town and over $2,000,000 in
damages resulted from the sacking.

The entire town was decimated in mere hours.

Quantrill's forces left at just after nine o'clock p.m.,
leaving a small rear guard to hold the city against Union
forces advancing from the east.

Fate caught up with Quantrill two years later in a
clash with Union forces led by Captain Edward Terrill,
but the mark he has left on Kansas lingers long after his
passing. But, then again, so does Quantrill....

After the Fire

In the interest of repairing the damage in the aftermath
of the massacre, Baptist Minister Lucius Carter took over
the relief effort and constructed a new church on the
scorched foundation of the old. Pulling a congregation
desperate for faith from the ashes, Carter rose to the

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 76


Mi

ZULE,

challenge of bringing order and spiritual consolation to the
devastated citizens of Lawrence. In fact, Carter succeeded
beyond his ambition — to an unhealthy degree.

Most of the citizens who died in the inferno or its wake
became drones after their deaths, mindless wraiths re-
signed to an eternity performing the same actions they
pursued in life (with even greater futility...). The religious
fervor inspired by Carter and the anguish over the loss of
loved ones experienced by the living Lawrence citizens
brewed a tremendous amount of harvestable Pathos. Of
course, the drones were hardly mining this font of emo-
tional energy; it was only a matter of time before someone
who knew what to do with it came to town.

William Clarke Quantrill returned to Lawrence, Kansas.
Quantrill's death at Captain Terrill's hands only made him
more hateful — enough to ensure that he became one of the
Restless Dead. Afterafew weeks of wandering the Skinlands,
Quantrill conversed with enough wraiths to get a sense for
how the Underworld worked. Not only did Quantrill learn.
that emotional energy and malleable souls were, essentially,
the coins of the realm, he also discovered that he could
practically print his own money in the Skinlands: Burning
Lawrence was perhaps the best decision William Clarke
Quantill had ever made, from his own perspective. Asnone
of the wraiths who occupied Lawrence were self-aware
enough to spread the word, news of the Lawrence massacre

went unheard among the Savage West

Skinlands. Quantrill sat ona veri-
table gold mine of souls.

Quantrill, with the aid

of several

Renegade

lieutenants, established a soulforge in the Shadowlands
of Lawrence. As the Manifest Destiny expanded the
American frontier ever westward, the prominence of
Lawrence, Kansas increased. An important town on
western travel routes, Lawrence — under Quantrill's
thumb — has became an affluent Renegade stronghold
in the land of the Dead.

Every well runs dry eventually, however, and every
vein vanishes. Anticipating this, Quantrill arranged for
Lawrence's town marshal, Angel Hodge, to keep raw
material coming into the Shadowlands. Through his
connections with itinerant "hanging judges" and his
legal duties, Marshal Hodge has little trouble keeping
Quantrill's forges busy. Hodge and his two deputies
scour Lawrence, delivering brutal aberrations of justice
as often as they administer fair law. The constabulary of
Lawrence has a reputation for being harsh, but effective,
and for this reason, neither U.S. marshals nor the
county sheriff have taken any action against Hodge.

Voices from the Void

Quantrill's empire hasn't gone unnoticed by all of the
Quick, however. Piper Dunsirn, the Scottish bank teller, has
the ability to hear voices on the other side of the Shroud.
Needless to say, she is constantly plagued by the cries of the
drones, enfants and lemures Quantrill feeds his soulforge.

Piper's family, the Dunsirn, are a line of Fianna
Kinfolk who have fallen into a bit of disfavor due to
some less-than-pleasant dietary practices upheld by the
branch of the family still based in Scotland. Nonethe-
less, Piper is marginally familiar with the spirits of the
Umbra, and she knows that the voices she hears are not
like those of other spirits at all. She has communicated
her concerns to her Garou relations, but has entreated
them not to send a pack to resolve the issue. Piper fears


the Rage of her werewolf family, and is concerned that
their visit may leave Lawrence in a state similar to the
aftermath of Quantrill's raid.

Add to the precarious balance the wraith of Billy
Budd. A former ally of Quantrill's, Budd has become
disillusioned and vengeful, and seeks the destruction of
the empire he helped to build.

Lawrence teeters precariously between slow degrada-
tion and spectacular spiritual destruction. Whether a
visiting pack helps or hinders the town's existence
depends on how — or if — they choose to view the
participants in the drama.

Theme and Mood

Lawrence, Kansas involves a bit of departure from
"normal" Werewolf storylines. On the surface, there is
very little to keep Garou involved other than the contriv-
ances of the Storyteller. For more mature and introspective
roleplaying, however, opportunities abound to look at the
personal natures of each character.

Theme

Lawrence, Kansas is concerned with disposable mo-
rality. No character (with the possible exception of
Minister Carter) is completely free from some moral
blemish, and most of the characters have several or
particularly grave ones. While there may not be tradi-
tional enemies to confront — the town's not littered
with Mockeries or rampaging Banes — Garou who
uncover Lawrence's secrets should feel pangs
of conscience if they leave things as they
are. If they do decide to intervene,
whom should they help? No one is
completely in the right, and
some characters' dubious
actions are completely

independent of the larger situation at hand. Examining
these numerous ethical questions should provide any
pack with an introspective, soul-searching story.

Mood

Lawrence is sick, and mired in decay. Despite the fact
that it continues to grow, malignance lies just below the
surface everywhere. If there are any wraiths in the troupe,
their Deathsight should notify them that Lawrence is not
the average town. Werewolves will feel a palpable sorrow,
more like the bittersweet grasp of Harano than the ubiqui-
tous Wyrm taint. Lawrence, Kansas was wounded by
William Clarke Quantrill's m

healing, that wound has festered.

acre, and rather than

No one is happy in Lawrence. Despite the minister's
stirring sermons, people slide ever more into despair. Al-
though he inspires a great degree of faith, Minister Carter
actually doesmore damage then good by providing Quantrill
with Pathos to spare. In addition, after the fervency of the
sermon wears off, the townsfolk find themselves once again
lost in their lives of drudgery and mourning.

Getting the
Characters There

Lawrence grows in import daily, as it is a doorway to
the American West. Nonetheless, characters need some
reason to be there, and the following
ideas serve to give them some

purpose.

\

NY


ZLLE,

|

Fiat

Well, the characters don't have to havea reason to be
there if you don't want them to. Then again, they
probably won't care much about what's going on if
nothing piques their interest. If your troupe just wants
to kick ass, fill the town with Black Spiral Dancers and
throw out all the material so carefully presented here.

Piper Dunsirn

Piper's Kinfolk family may implore the characters to
check up on her welfare. If it suits your story, the family
may forgo Piper's request that Garou not be notified of
the curious state of Lawrence's affairs. If there are any
Fianna in the troupe, one of them may actually be
related to Piper somehow and have a vested interest in
the woman's well-being.

The Enlightened Society

If the pack has spent any time foiling the depreda-
tions of the Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon,
their pursuit of the organization may lead them to
Lawrence. Ambrose Marlowe Teague is the Malviosin
of the town, and has undertaken a secret campaign of
conversion. A bit of modification and fleshing-out will
be necessary if you choose to involve the pack this way,
but there's certainly enough here to keep werewolves
busy.

Moots and Meetings

The pack may come into contact with the Red Talon
Laughs-at-the Devil in their travels or may speak with
her at a moot. The Ragabash is very interested in the
aberration of the Storm Umbra around Lawrence and
may solicit the characters' help in fighting the Storm
Eater's presence.

Friends and Family

If nothing else, a personal appeal may serve to draw
the characters to Lawrence. Perhaps a relative lives in
Lawrence and requests that a character visit, or a wraith
ally might have heard through the grapevine that some-
thing is afoot in Bleeding Kansas.

Plot

The tension mounting in Lawrence is not unlike a
teakettle. Events should be timed so that the players'
characters are involved in as much of the action as
possible. The specifics of Lawrence events are left to the
Storyteller's preference — some players enjoy more
physical encounters and may end up clashing with the
marshal, while other take greater satisfaction in social
interaction and could become involved in Billy Budd's
destruction of Quantrill's Lawrence Gentry.

Quantrill's pride, joy and breadwinner churns away
in the First National Frontier Loan Company in the
Shadowlands. Always attended by at least two of
Quantrill's lieutenants, the soulforge is Billy Budd's
primary target. Although he lacks the power to destroy
the soulforge itself (mainly because Quantrill and the
Gentry would trounce him if he tried), Budd is not
above playing righteous in order to convince a potential
ally to aid him. A pack of Garou who see things his way
would be a powerful weapon for the vengeful wraith.

The Marshal

Marshal Angel Hodge has turned his back on his
Garou nature. Of course, other werewolves serve as
painful reminders of his denial, and he will not hesitate
to act against a pack once he becomes aware of their
presence. Hodge will have unseen allies in the conflict
— Quantrill and his Circle, the Lawrence Gentry.
Hodge is certainly no match for a pack of experienced
Garou of rank, but the intelligence he gathers through
his ghostly network will keep him apprised of the
comings and goings of dangerous foes.

The Bank Teller

Piper is a key player in Lawrence's unfolding events.
Billy Budd will gladly exploit her if it proves useful — he
knows she is surreptitiously stealing money from her
bank and will not hesitate to blackmail her with this
information. Ultimately, as one who is aware of the
events occurring in the Shadowlands, Piper is Budd's
best asset in gaining new and powerful allies. Whether
she leads Garou to him (he's read her letters to the
family) or provides communication with other wraiths
is irrelevant, but Budd must bide his time until the
opportunity would best serve him.

Persons of Note in
Lawrence

William Clarke
Quantrill

Background: A nasty son-of-a-bitch since the day he
was born, life has been one act of violence after another
for William Clarke Quantrill. Those who knew him in
his youth claim that he nailed snakes to trees and shot
at passing dogs.

Ghost Towns


an

As he grew older, Quantrill realized that brutality
needed to be hidden, otherwise society would take it
away. Fortunately for Quantrill, the War Between the
States provided an excellent opportunity to conduct his
ghastly behavior under the guise of military service.
Rising to the rank of captain in the Confederate Army,
Quantrill rallied a vile gang of thugs, villains and shifty
drifters into a guerrilla unit that proved to be the scourge
of the frontier. Lawrence burned in their wake.

Two years later, after losing numerous troops to
attrition, starvation and death, Quantrill crossed swords
with Union Captain Edward Terrill. The short skirmish
left decisive results: William Clarke Quantrill died,
victim of over one pound of lead bullets.

Ofcourse, a man of Quantrill's nature wasn't about to
let a little thing like death get in the way of his greater
ambition. In his mind, he still had torture and misery to
inflict. Quantrill's would-be reaper was sent into
Oblivion as William beat him into a Harrowing with a
soulsteel shovel.

If I can do this with a shovel, thought Quantrill,
imagine what I could do with actual weapons. Driven by
a desire to turn the resources of the Underworld to his
advantage, Quantrill setout to learn the art of soulforging.
After learning the art from a Renegade Artificer who
had been exiled from Stygia (and forging her into a

crude soulsteel cutlass), William Clarke Quantrill once
again rallied a pack of rabble Renegades to his side. If his
hunch was right, he knew exactly where to find a virtual
gold mine of souls ripe for the picking.

Lawrence proved to be that gold mine. Most of those
who died in the inferno became Drones in the
Shadowlands; a very few became sentient wraiths.
Quantrill and his lieutenants built a soulforge in the
First National Frontier Loan Company and crafted their
luxuries from the Corpa of the hapless wraiths there
before them.

Quantrill was clever enough to know that sooner or
later he would run out of raw materials, however, and
through a lieutenant's powers of Puppetry, he arranged
a deal with Marshal Angel Hodge. Quantrill provided
Hodge with information gleaned by his ghostly spies in
return for Hodge's assumption of fatal justice. The
marshal simply had to kill enough people to keep
Quantrill's forges busy.

Irony, or perhaps poetic justice, conspired against
Quantrill before long, however. His still-living mistress
Kate King moved to Lawrence after his death in an
attempt to begin her life anew. Quantrill still held as
much passion — if not more — for his lover as he did in
life. Her presence inflamed his undying desire and has
recently been the cause of numerous impotent rages, as
he realizes that he cannot touch her and will be forever
denied the object of his passion. Quantrill has taken to
Skinriding Kate as a stopgap means of stemming his
anger at not being able to be with her.

Recent nights have seen a few cracks form in the
fagade of Quantrill's Empire, however, and the dead
captain has had to undertake a campaign of damage
control to prevent his town from slipping away from
him. A new interest in mysticism has sprung up in
Lawrence, according to Marshal Hodge; seances and
mediums have come into vogue. (This is due in part to
Piper Dunsirn's claims of seeing ghosts of those who
died in the fire — many families wish to speak with their
departed relations. Lay mysticism in Lawrence also owes
a bit to Minister Carter's sermons, after which people
are too excited to let matters lie.) Quantrill is familiar
with the Hierarchy and the westward crawl of Stygian
influence; he knows that should the word spread among
the Quick about ghosts in Lawrence, the Legions would
surely follow. Needless to say, he's not prepared to share
the wealth of his empire.

One of Quantrill's former lieutenants has gone rogue
as well (a rogue Renegade!), giving rise to a bit of
paranoia on Quantrill's part. It seems that Billy Budd
has either suffered a bout of remorse over his aid to

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 9


SSSSEsN

Quantrill or desires the "throne" himself. Quantrill
doesn't let this bother him much...yet. He's got other
concerns to worry about.

Image: Quantrill isa badger ofa man: hirsute, brawny
and mean. His tattered Confederate uniform betrays the
gunshot wounds that ended his life, and plasmic "blood"
weeps from the bullet holes whenever Quantrill is
agitated. William Quantrill bears an eternal scowl that
furrows his bushy eyebrows deeply. He always carries his
relic pistol, a .45 caliber Colt single-action.

Roleplaying Hints: Somebody once said, "He who
hesitates is lost," and that's something you've taken to
heart. You act quickly and decisively — and brutally.
Your strongest motivation is the continued success of
your Lawrence "empire," but no man is an island, and
you keep many opportunities headed toward various
stages of fruition at any one time. You don't put on any
false airs about your activities in the Lawrence
Shadowlands: It's a grim situation, but if you weren't on
top of it, you'd fall prey to it yourself.

Destiny: Quantrill is captured during a conflict with
Stygian troops in 1897. After being turned over to the
force commander, he travels via Midnight Express to
Stygia proper, where Artificers craft him into a ghastly
brooch for the Quiet Lord.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Architect

Circle: Lawrence Gentry

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Expression 1, Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 1, Firearms 5, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Ride 4,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Eidolon 3, Haunt 4, Legacy 3,
Memoriam 4, Notoriety 2, Relic 4, Status 2

Passions: Maintain control of Lawrence (Spite) 4,
Turn back Stygian influence (Pride) 3, Spend time with
Kate (Love) 3, Discover who jeopardizes his rule and
eliminate them (Greed) 1

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Inhabit 5, Moliate 2, Puppetry 1
Fetters: First National Frontier Loan Company 4, Kate
King (mistress) 1

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: Pusher

Angst: 8

Thorns: Infamy 7, Death's Sigil, Shadow Call
Shadow Passions: Destroy other wraiths (Fear) 4, Re-
lax control over Lawrence (Self-Hatred) 2, Arrange
Kate King's death and drag her into the Underworld
(Hate) 1

Billy Budd

Background: Life is tough in the Savage West, and
intolerance is often the rule rather than the exception.
Too frequently clashes between cultures end in vio-
lence, and violence is never far from death.

So it was with Billy Budd and his lover. The pair
traveled westward to find their fortune in California,
but ran out of traveling money in Salt Lake City, Utah.
They decided to stay in Salt Lake and take jobs until
they saved enough money to continue their pilgrimage
to California, but Savage West society kept that from
happening. As Budd's lover applied for and was denied
a position with the local Post Office, he was lynched in
the street for being a homosexual. The mob dragged his
body through the streets to shouts of "Queer" and
"Berdache," finally leaving it to rest at Billy Budd's door.

Billy was destroyed. Destitute, lacking faith in hu-
manity and now alone, he decided to take his own life.
The mob didn't even give him the chance.


LEER EL

)

VU

Billy rose from his sobs amid a cloud of smoke and
heat. The rabble had set his house alight. Frantic to
escape, Billy found the doors and windows boarded
over. With nothing left to do, Billy drew acold bath and
slit his wrists with a straight razor, preferring the pain-
less death to burning or asphyxiation.

It didn't end there. In Billy's mind, there was a place
in Hell for him and his friends, and this was it: the
burned remnants of his flat. Something was wrong,
however. The man in the mask and chains told Billy
that immediately.

For untold nights, Billy served his reaper, his suffer-
ing made worse by their periodic slumber in the very
house in which he died. One day, before his master
awoke, Billy crept into his room and removed the mask
— and recoiled in horror from his lover's face.

With a bitter acknowledgment of the irony (wasn't it
because of him that his lover had been killed?), Billy
bludgeoned his former lover into Oblivion in his make-
shift bed. Time fora new start for Billy Budd. Even Satan
had rejected his soul, and doomed him to forever walk
in the shadow of his brief life.

Returning eastward, Billy fell in with a group of
wraiths who didn't care about his sexuality or the fact
that he had killed his reaper. He learned many Arcanoi
from them, but soon parted ways when it became obvi-
ous that they had too little in common to share eternity.

Before long, Billy Budd found himself in the com-
pany of William Quantrill. Though he detested the
former Confederate captain from the outset, Billy saw a
perfect opportunity in Quantrill's plans for revenge
against the intolerant masses. Unfortunately, Quantrill
had some predilection for Lawrence rather than Salt
Lake City, but Billy reasoned that at least he could learn
from this malefactor and perhaps address Salt Lake City
later. He did have forever, after all.

Billy Budd arranged Quantrill's relationship with
Angel Hodge via Puppetry. As he knew he would, Billy
soon grew tired of the stale nature of Quantrill's minus-
cule empire. He saw Hodge weakening under the unfair
arrangement and decided to leave before things went
completely sour; Billy knew how unbearable Quantrill
would be if his plans went awry.

Then it hit him: He had been wasting his time with
the faceless mob rather than delivering personal ven-
geance to his persecutors. Billy knew Quantrill to be the
same sort of bigoted brute as the people who did him in
back in Salt Lake City. He would test the waters with
Quantrill and then return to Salt Lake to make it a
living Hell.

Deserting Quantrill's camp, Billy has taken up a
stealthy existence at the fringes of town, waiting for the
perfect opportunity to bring Quantrill's petty empire
down around his ears. Billy is aware of Piper Dunsirn's
ability to hear the anguished cries from the soulforge
and plans on using her resources to call in aid against
Quantrill. He has also been whispering in Marshal
Hodge's ear, encouraging the lawman to resign his post
and break his allegiance with Quantrill. Now that the
pieces are falling into place, only a few key strokes
remain until the sweetness of revenge comes to fruition.

Image: Billy Budd is a fair main with blonde hair and
a furtive manner. His features are thin and attractive,
but his nervous behavior makes him seem mousy. If Billy
had had any money in life, he would have been a smart
dresser, but his relative poverty forced him to wear
secondhand clothes, in which he appears as a wraith
(though he wears them well).

Roleplaying Hints: Somewhere between learning of
your lover's betrayal and falling in with Quantrill the
pressure has taken its toll. You are sometimes aware of
your paranoia and your irrational conceptions of re-
venge, but it doesn't make a difference — they've got to
pay. Hide behind a web of intrigue and lies, strike with
stealth and exact your vengeance against whoever crosses
your path or arouses your ire. To Hell with all of them.

Destiny: Insanity wreaks havoc with Billy Budd, and
before he makes it back to Salt Lake City he is claimed
by Oblivion.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Survivor

Circle: None (Former Lawrence Gentry)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 2, Expression 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Meditation 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Occult 2, Politics 1
Backgrounds: Notoriety 1

Passions: Harm the intolerant (Hate) 5, Return to Salt
Lake City (Revenge) 4, Ruin Quantrill's efforts (Spite) 2
Arcanoi: Embody 3, Keening 1, Outrage 3, Phantasm 1,
Puppetry 4

Fetters: Burnt-out Home 2

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 5

Permanent Corpus: 10

Shadow: Rationalist

Angst: 5

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 81


ron

SSSESN

cro

ZLELs

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Trick of the Light,
Shadowplay

Shadow Passions: Make Quantrill aware of the Psyche's
plans (Self-Loathing) 3, Foster paranoia (Greed) 2,
Never return to Salt Lake City (Spite) 2

Piper Dunsimn

Background: Piper came to Lawrence a few months
prior to the massacre, leaving her Kinfolk family Back
East. She transferred from a prominent New York bank
to the First National Frontier Loan Company.

Piper had always been known for her unflappability
and her strong resolve. Thus, as she began to hear the
voices of Quantrill's soulforge victims, she knew not to
betray any of these sensations visibly. Realizing that she
only heard the howls at work, she maintained her
composure there (to great effect, as Quantrill has no
idea that she's the one who threatens his security), only
telling a few close friends about what she hears after
business hours.

Piper has recently become interested in the lay mys-
ticism spreading through Kansas. She has her own
planchette that she uses to host seances, but, like most
other seances held in Lawrence, very little of substance
actually comes of these. She hasn't ever encountered a
"teal" spirit with her charlatan's tools, as she knows the

difference between parlor tricks and the real McCoy.
She pursues her occult hobby in hopes that it may
someday prove useful to her (as she is away from her
Kinfolk family that could teach her more about the
spirit world).

Piper also maintains steady communication with her
distant family. They know about the curiosities she
experiences in Lawrence and they desperately wish for
her to return to them. Nevertheless, Piper is determined
to see the situation through, even begging her family
not to tell its Garou relations about the mysteries of
Lawrence.

Also adding to Piper's trouble is her financial situa-
tion. As a single woman bank teller, she doesn't make
much money and lives in the Dorchester hotel, just
inside town. To improve her lot, she has undertaken a
bit of minor embezzlement here and there — less than
$500 currently. She keeps the money in one of the
drawers in her room (if she put it in the bank, they'd
know something was going on, afterall), which serves to
plague her with the guilt of her dishonesty every time
she returns home.

The town sawbones believes that if Piper doesn't
come to some sort of resolution soon, she's going to
collapse from exhaustion. Naturally, he has no idea of
the true problems facing the young Scotswoman.

Image: Piper is a plain-looking woman in her latter
20s. Her red hair indicates her Caledonian ancestry, as
does her fair complexion (which turns ruddy when she
becomes agitated). She always wears clothing appropri-
ate toa woman of the times — full dresses and skirts and
long-sleeved blouses — and is actually a bit put off by
those bold women who adopt the dress of men.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and unassuming,
but not as oblivious as some would believe you to be.
Keep your composure, as people and spirits are some-
times drawn to those from whom they provoke reactions.
You are almost blasé about the supernatural, but that's
only because you are very familiar with it. You do not
know for certain that ghosts exist, but you are beginning
to formulate your own opinions about the matter based
on the horrible voices you hear at work.

Destiny: Piper manages to hold her own — after
getting the hell out of Dodg—er, Lawrence. Piper moves
to Fort Worth, Texas in 1869, where she marries Lukie
Broward. The two enjoy almost 50 years of marriage,
and Piper follows Lukie to the grave two years after he
contracts fatal cholera.

Breed: Human (Kinfolk)
Tribe: Fianna


|

PAY

Nature/Demeanor: Conformist/Martyr

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 4, Expression 2, Larceny 2,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Performance 1
Knowledges: Culture 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 1,
Law 1, Occult 3, Politics 2, Science 1

Backgrounds: Allies (Family) 1, Pure Breed 1, Re-
sources 1,

Willpower 4

Marshal Angel Hodge

Background: Angel Hodge was born to lose. His past
is a collection of failings both personal and professional,
and the only reason he manages to keep his job as a
lawman is because of the image of discipline he ruth-
lessly maintains in his town.

Born to Bone Gnawer parents, Hodge's metis Garou
nature caused him no end of grief through his early
childhood and into adolescence. Rather than be a part
of a culture that didn't want him, Angel fled on his
fifteenth birthday and fell in with a group of bandits.
Making money as a ruffian didn't bother him until he
accidentally fell into the Storm Umbra while looking at
a stolen Waltham pocket watch. There, Hodge spoke
with a servant of Rat, who informed him that living in
ignominy disgraced his Totem. "Youneed not be proud,"
said the spirit, "but you must accept your nature."

This solidified Hodge's mindset — he would abso-
lutely deny his Garou heritage.

Angel Hodge only learned a few Gifts before turning
his back on Gaia, but these were enough to give him an
advantage over the humans with whom he now cast his
lot. Hodge went through life without the guidance of a
Garou mentor and with abysmally poor self-esteem. At
various times living out of a bottle, hopelessly lost in
opium hazes, on both sides of weapons and running from
justice or for it, Angel decided to just settle down and
take it easy. After the Lawrence massacre, the town
decided to bring in a marshal to supervise the sheriff
(who turned out to be a useless drunk), and Hodge
weaseled his way into the position.

Then the ghosts came. Marshal Hodge knew the
voices weren't traditional spirits, but he had never dealt
with ghosts before. When the Renegade William
Quantrill revealed himself to Hodge, Angel made a deal
with the devil. In return for the information that would
allow him to keep his commission, Hodge had to kill a

few folks every now and then. No one would challenge
him; people would be too damn scared that the marshal
would find out their secrets to put up any resistance. Just
a bit of extreme justice every now and then...

Orso it seemed. Over time, Hodge has learned about
Quantrill's Empire Across the Shroud, and working
with the maniac sickens him. Of course, if he stops
doing what Quantrill asks, someone else will take his
position, and they'll be after Hodge first and foremost.

Now Angel Hodge is a despondent wretch of a man
in private. He knows his days are numbered, but he just
can't seem to shake off Quantrill's yoke.

Image: In homid form (which he uses almost exclu-
sively), Angel Hodge is physically impressive without
being enormous. His eyes have a steely gaze, lessened
only by the bags developing beneath them. Perpetual
five-o'clock shadow graces his face and his shoulders
now slump, lending him an air of decrepitude and
decline. Angel Hodge should have been twins were it
not for his metis birth, and his chest and stomach bear
the lifeless likeness of his sister-who-never-was. In Crinos
and lupus forms, this face is evident due to the total lack
of fur in the area. Hodge's hair and fur are a dull gray.

Roleplaying Hints: Just do what you said you would
and everything will be fine. Well, maybe not fine, but
things can only get worse and you're too damn old for

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns 83


that. Don't take any lip from these townsfolk — keep
them in their place or they'll bring you down the
moment they see weakness. Vicious justice is all you've
got left — your punishments may be extreme, but at
least you're not murdering innocents...yet.

Destiny: Marshal Hodge eventually has enough of
his tainted existence and succumbs to Harano. In a
series of agonizing attempts at suicide (all foiled by his
regenerative powers), Hodge is ousted from office and
finally reaches his merciful death by throwing himself in
front of a train.

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Ronin (Formerly Bone Gnawer)
Nature/Demeanor: Judge/Reluctant Garou

Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (3/1/1/1), Appear-
ance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4 (Quick on the Draw), Athletics 2,
Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Expression 1, Intimidation 5 (One
Mean Lawdog), Primal-Urge 1, Subterfuge 2

Ghost Towns

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Firearms 5 (Gutshots), Leader-
ship 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Investigation 4, Law 3, Medicine 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 3

Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Persuasion, Shed, Scent of Sweet
Honey

Rank: None (Ronin)

Rage 4, Gnosis 2, Willpower 7

Rites: None

Fetishes: None

Other Lawrence
Personages

The following individuals play important roles in the
day-to-day affairs of Lawrence, but they are unlikely to
become as involved with the story as the characters
detailed above. Storytellers are encouraged to assign
whatever Traits they see fit to these characters, should
such mechanics become necessary.


Minister Lucius Carter

Minister Carter tends to his flock as would any good
priest. An eloquent speaker, Carter inflames incredible
passion in his parishioners, which ensures that Quantrill
always has a steady supply of Pathos. Should Quantrill
be removed effectively, some other enterprising wraith
would surely be able to gain the benefit of Carter's
powerful sermons.

Minister Carter believes in leading by example. He is
very well versed in Biblical and theological matters, and
is a paragon of Christian virtue. Carter is a bit con-
cerned with the rash of occultism that has recently
blossomed in Lawrence, and he plans on addressing the
matter in one of his sermons quite soon.

Laughs-at-the-Devil

This Red Talon Ragabash followed the scent of a
Garou to Lawrence while separated from her pack.
Unfortunately for her, that Garou turned out to be the
disappointment known as Marshal Angel Hodge.
Laughs-at-the-Devil has yet to decide whether or not
Hodge is worth the bother, but is intrigued by the
strange goings on in the Umbra around Lawrence.
Leave it to the damned monkeys to despoil what would
otherwise be fine...

Laughs may be an ally to characters who approach
her with earnest concern. While not as murderous as
others of her tribe, she is still more than a bit mistrustful
of humans. Not at all concerned about the town of
Lawrence, Laughs does care about the state of Umbral
affairs and wishes to see the Storm Eater's corrosion of
the Gauntlet/Shroud addressed. Laughs has dealt with
wraiths before and may be a useful source of information
on matters concerning the Restless.

Leah Ranier

Leah arrived at Lawrence, Kansas at the behest of the
governor's office. Her role is largely governmental, as
she isan assessor for the state, sent to determine whether
or not Lawrence public officials accurately reported the
damage from the massacre years ago. While she won't be
a physical threat in and of herself, she can call forth
some state and federal firepower, should instances of
outlaws (or werewolves) duking it out in the street
ensue.

Chapter Two: Notable Ghost Towns

Ambrose Marlowe
Teague

Lawrence was long overdue for a member of the
Enlightened Society of the Weeping Moon before
Teague arrived. Since his adoption of Lawrence, the
society claims a chapter of 16 members, and you'd better
believe they're aware of Quantrill's wraithly presence.
Teague commandsa bit of Manes Saturnal (see Frontier
Secrets), but not enough to lend him extensive power
over the formidable wraiths of the town.

Teague has secretly fostered the town's interest in the
occult and has anonymously commissioned an ornate
planchette and Ouija table for visitors to the Continen-
tal Gentlemen's Salon to use. Under his guidance, the
society plays their trademark game of watching, learn-
ing and subtle influence. Teague's primary interest is
Quantrill, however, and he has been racking his mind to
figure out what he could offer the wraith in the interest
of an alliance.

The Lawrence Gentry
{or, The Empire
Across the Shroud)

The Lawrence Gentry comprises Quantrill's six lieu-
tenants and the "Emperor" himself. These Renegades
are no matches for Garou man-to-man, but they do
wield arrays of Arcanoi that should be as mysterious to
Garou as they are effective. As Quantrill becomes more
and more unstable, he refers to the Gentry as the
"Empire," believing that labeling it thus solidifies its
position. More cowed by their leader than convinced,
the rest of the Circle's members play along with the
charade.

This very dependence marks every member of the
Circle — they have latched onto Quantrill because he
has vision. They lead comfortable existences and are
allowed to indulge in their own indiscretions and nasti-
ness, but they know that without their leader, they will
fall prey to the nastiness of the Shadowlands. Though
not fanatical toward Quantrill, they realize which side
their bread is buttered on and will fight for him in
whatever capacity needed unless all looks hopeless.



eS
iS

The half-life of my life is no life at all.
— Kelley Deal, "Canyon"

Inastory in which the main characters are werewolves,

it may be difficult to maintain a sense of mystery and Theme and

wonder around the supernatural. Wraiths, operating

under an entirely different set of rules than the spirits Mood

familiar to most Garou, take a story's potential for

heroism and horror into new territory: beyond death. Werewolves and wraiths exist in entirely different
Integrating the Restless Dead — and the dangerous —_ worlds. How much these two worlds overlap, and why,
: Underworld they inhabit — into a Savage West should be the initial questions considered when creat-
chronicle requires a bit of forethought, but the payoffis _ ingacrossoverchronicle. From the outset, a Storyteller's
worth it. personal vision of how much these two worlds interact
Naturally, this chapter is intended forthe Storytellers with one another establishes the theme of the story and

eyes only. its overall mood.

Chapter Three: Storytelling


the relationship formed between the two supernatural be-

ings builds the story's theme and defines its initial direction.

The outlines below should help a Storyteller quickly characterize
the relationship between Garou and ghosts in a story.

Weirdness Over
Yonder

One of the simplest ways of in-
troducing the occasional ghostly
presence to a Werewolf chronicle
is the time-tested standby of "the
old house up on the hill," where
spooky things occur. There might
only be one wraith at home or there
might be a couple, but keeping the
number small gives the werewolves
space to adjust to their new circum-
stances. In addition, the intimate
nature of the story allows the Story-
teller to get very detailed with the
characters in question.
This works best as a one-shot story,
with two primary characteristics: distance
from the security of the characters' usual
territory, and near-total ignorance about
the potential dangers they face. The story's
general theme is one of an unexpected (and
unpredictable) danger away from home, but
it's nothing personal, just two different types
of supernatural creatures learning about

each other and occasionally butting heads.

Naturally, the werewolves will need a
real motivation to visit the site of the
haunting. Curiosity or a need to prove
themselves might work, but the

more smoothly wraiths and their
environs can be woven into the
current chronicle, the more ef-
fective their introduction will be.
Werewolves may automatically
assume that any weirdness over
yonder is either Wyrm-based or re-
lated to some happenings in the Deep
Umbra. These preconceptions are
shattered, of course, as none of the
usual solutions will prove to be effec-
tive against the Dead.

SS SF
Daan %,
Cl
=
Relations
y When introducing wraiths to a Werewolf chronicle,


From the wraith's perspective, all they can see is that a group of
hideous monsters has invaded their haunt. People who don't know
about the Garou, even dead people, have a notoriously hard time
seeing these monsters as heroes and probably do their
damnedest to run them out. Whether or not the
werewolves and wraiths eventually start communi-
cating with each other is up to the players.

Inasmall-scale encounter (as opposed to a
story based around a fully populated ghost
town), werewolves have the chance to
step slowly into the weirdness by han-
dling no more than a handful of
wraiths at once, at least at first.
Hopefully, they can learn a bit
about the Dark Umbra's side of
things as their experiences pre-
pare them for later encounters.
Sending werewolves outside
their usual stomping grounds
and forcing them to handle a
ghostly menace (by either be-
friending or combating the
s dead) forces them to con-
sider how much they really don't
know about their world. It may
also give them a new appreciation
for what they do know.

re!

If the players don't end up liking the
wraithly diversion, then it was just a
ghost in a house up on a hill and the
chronicle can move on to other, more
werewolf-centric adventures. If the
story goes well, then the players have a
new recurring ally or enemy on the
other side of the Shroud.

Allies Across
Realms

Ina world of monsters, it takes true strength to
be a hero. The most idealistic sort of werewolf/
wraith crossover chronicle positions the two beings
side by side against their respective threats. In the
uncertainty of the Savage West, such an alliance may
be hard won — the characters are just as likely to have
been long-time enemies before deciding that the
greater problems they face are more important
than any personal enmities. Werewolves and
wraiths havea lot incommon— the Garoustruggle
to restrain their Rage while the Restless Dead


a

choke back their Shadows. The theme of this story is the
keystone of the heroic arch: courage. After all, valor is
in short supply both in this world and the next.

Astory of allies on opposite sides of the Shroud lends
itself well to a mixed chronicle of both wraiths and
werewolves in the same troupe. By necessity, their
relations may be strained at times depending on the
occasional upheavals that occur in both worlds, but the
effort required to maintain their relationship will pay off
in the end.

On the other side of the coin, the "allies" could just
as likely be Black Spiral Dancers and Spectres. An
alliance of villains is just as rational as an alliance of
heroes. Thankfully, bonds of this sort tend to be short-
lived, since both parties ultimately serve different forms
of destruction, but there's always the possibility of a
Black Spiral Dancer capable of accepting a dead man's
aid in furthering the plans of the Wyrm, coupled with a
Spectre willing to wait for Oblivion to claim his partner
(as it eventually claims all things). Asa word of caution,
the "villains" contrivance works better as a Storyteller
device fora one-shot story than a full-fledged chronicle
— mortality rates (and Obliviation rates?) tend to run
high.

Scratch My Back

A more neutral and more common relationship for
Garou and ghosts is a limited partnership based on
favors exchanged for knowledge or action. The
main theme of this story is trust. Because of the
Shroud, separating the flesh of the Skinlands
from the plasm of the Shadowlands, trust

can be a difficult commodity to come by. Very rarely
does a Garou even know that a wraith stands beside her;
even more rarely can the Restless Dead speak to the
living in anything but the faintest and briefest of whis-
pers. This makes it hard for either side to have faith in
the other. Werewolves have no idea what their invisible
partners are up to, and even a wraith (even assuming he
understands the language of the Garou) can't spy on
every place in the living world at once.

The characters struggle to maintain a balance be-
tween suspicion and faith. Hopefully, the characters
live through it and the chronicle can progress along to
one of the other themes discussed here.

Secrets

Cross-realm relationships are difficult to maintain,
and not always because of the physical restraints. Friends
on both sides have very good reasons to keep their
relationship secret from elders and peers alike. The
major theme of astory based on such secrets is a person's
inner conflict between guilts: guilt over fulfilling her
commitments to a creature she shouldn't be dealing
with and the guilt over misleading her friends in order
to serve what she imagines to be a higher purpose.

Many Garou elders are leery of meddling with the
Restless Dead, as the nature of the Shadowlands is a
complete mystery to most of the living. Even the younger
werewolves, while often more open-minded than their
tribal leaders, may react poorly to the thought of con-

spiring with ghosts.


Wraiths are tied to the Skinlands (and thus maintain their presence in

the Shadowlands) through their Fetters — people, places and things SE.

hold deep emotional meaning for the ghost. A Fetter's destruction can

easily drive a wraith over the edge, so the Restless Dead guard them ‘> 7
carefully. If a living being recognizes something as a wraith's Fetter, it \ 7
may put the ghost in a precarious position. More than once, ambitious \

humans have sought out Fetters in order to control wraiths. This sort of 4
blackmail can keep a wraith tap-dancing for a while, and it can just
as easily be done by a werewolf as a normal human.

The reasons behind a secret relationship are what make it <€
interesting. A secret based around a mutual bond is
the easiest to rationalize hiding. Perhaps the wraith
is Kinfolk, or was otherwise drawn to aid the \
Garou out of sympathy and that's the origin of \
their bond. Perhaps the Garou, out on an unre-
lated illicit errand, saved the ghost's Fetter but
now the werewolf can't admit the origin of
the relationship without implicating her-
it's an especially guilty secret — as
side is blackmailing the other for
selfish reasons — the victim may find herself
slipping deeper and deeper into a net of lies in
order to explain the situation to the other
characters. Regardless of the secret's origin,

game play becomes interesting when one of
the players has an "invisible friend" behind
the scenes, whether the friend is helping or
hindering.

Maligned and Mis-
understood

There are many different types of wraiths in the
world, with different perspectives and goals. Ren-
egades and Heretics, those who openly flaunt their
Guild membership and all the other ghosts who hold
beliefs that run counter to those of Charon's govern-
ment, are the most numerous types of wraiths in the
Savage West. Legionnaires serving various Deathlords,
though rare in the Savage West, try to keep order
and enforce Stygia's rules, tinhorn sheriffs of the
dead. Spectres terrorize the living and the dead
alike as Oblivion eats away at them. Drones,
nearly bereft of will, monotonously walk /, /
through the same actions over and over again.
To further complicate things, wraithly spies
from the Dark Kingdom of Jade and the Bush 7
of Ghosts prowl the lawless Shadowlands of the
Savage West, intent on learning any secrets
they can.


SSTESN

LLL:

Similarly, there are a wide range of tolerances and
opinions among the werewolf tribes. The ghosts of
townsfolk who were slaughtered by a marauding band of
Wyrm-tainted Garou would almost certainly overreact
to the next person they see assuming a Crinos form.

The point is, with so many different ways of express-
ing what goes on in the Shadowlands and among the
Garou, it's easy for folks to build up an incomplete
opinion. If a character has been exposed to only one
aspect of the werewolf or wraith society, it would be easy
to make generalizations about all the rest. A story based
around the "Maligned and Misunderstood" model has a
group of characters coming to grips with their assump-
tions about the ways of others. The story's theme is one
of overreaction in the aftermath of a bad experience,
with the goal of eventually proving that one bad apple
doesn't spoil the whole bunch. If a character is able to
rise above his prejudices, he may easily find a friend on
the opposite side of the Shroud — or, if nothing else,
someone much more like himself than he'd believed
before.

=
Varmints!t

Among the Garou who believe the persistent rumors
about wraiths, some feel compelled to hunt them down.
This is a certain way to earn the ire of not just one
particular wraith, or even of a small coterie of wraiths,
but of the entire population of the afterlife. A classic
version of the dusty, old, haunted-house shtick is the
"ghostbusting" story: Werewolves must rida location of
its ghostly inhabitants. This can be a cakewalk or a
struggle or a disaster, depending on how much knowl-
edge each side has of the other'sstrengths and weaknesses.
The predominant theme of this story is pride. Neither
side yields its outlook, certainly not for someone on
another level of reality.

The pride of the Garou is legendary; few consent to
defeat from an otherworldly threat. Unfortunately fora
potential Garou ghostbuster, a wraith generally has
more than pride on the line. The site might be a haunt,
which may be grudgingly abandoned if the werewolves
play too hard. But if the site is a Fetter, binding the
wraith to the earthly plane, he's going to put up quite a
fight. The only way to move a stubborn wraith from his
Fetter is to destroy it or the wraith. Destroying a Fetter
might be easy, depending on what it is, as werewolves
are notoriously good at breaking things. (Finding out
what the Fetter is might be a problem. For example, in
agraveyard, is the wraith attached to the whole place or
just to one tomb?)

Analternate version of this story is "Put Em Down,"
in which a werewolf's ghostly ally succumbs to his
Shadow. Rather than see the destructive wraith con-
tinue to disgrace her friend's memory, the werewolf
shoulders the burden of putting her friend down while
she still can. This version of the story should be played
in a much more melancholy fashion than the average
ghost hunt.

Destroying a wraith is hard for the living to accom-
plish, but it's not impossible. Besides, if a werewolf
destroys a wraith's Fetters, she'd damn well better hope
she can destroy the wraith as well, since he's not going
to leave her alone — ever. The story then turns into a
permutation of "Vengeful Dead"(below). In the worst
case scenario, multiple wraiths may have shared the
same Fetter, and all come looking for revenge.*

From a wraith's point of view, a "varmints" story
literally reverses the roles, putting the werewolf in the
position of the unwanted interloper. Merely shooing
Garou away from a favorite haunt (or an endangered
Fetter) seldom solves the problem. While there's a
certain mystique about ghosts, werewolves are very
stubborn creatures and don't take well to being told
what to do, especially by creatures they don't under-
stand. If the ghosts are somehow able to pierce the
Shroud enough to actually kill the shapeshifter instead
of driving him away, it'll merely serve to attract even
more attention to their presence. As greater numbers of
Garou flock to the neighboring countryside, rumors
may surface in the Shadowlands about which wraithly
scoundrel started the ruckus in the first place.

Vengeful Dead

This is another classic setup. A Renegade wraith (or
perhaps even a Spectre) has — or, on some more
psychotic occasions, imagines he has—a personal grudge
against one of the chronicle's living characters. This is
another good way to jump-start the relationship be-
tween the Quick and the Restless Dead, as well as being
asimple one: Justice becomes the story's primary theme.

After selecting the target of torment from the after-
life, one of the first things a Storyteller needs to decide
is the origin of the grudge. If the wraith is angry about
the desecration of a Fetter, that's one thing. If the
motivation behind the wraith's revenge is one of her
Passions, however, that's something entirely different.
A wraith is much less likely to ever stop torturing a
person who represents unfinished business from earthly
life than she is to stop her persecution of a person who
irked her in death. For example, a person who burned
down a schoolhouse is unlikely to be harassed by a little

92 Ghost Towns


CLT PELL

oN
>

girl's wraith for as long as, for example, the cruel teacher
who used to whip the girl with a hickory switch in front
of the class for not finishing her homework.

If the Garou accept the duty of protecting someone
from a ghostly threat, there's always the chance that
their charge is actually deserving of the wraith's dark
scrutiny, leaving the werewolves with a different moral
problem all together. If the victim is deserving of his
fate, the Garou may aid the hand of justice. Even still,
some werewolves might defend their charge on the
general principle that the Restless Dead shouldn't meddle
in the affairs of the living.

Resolving a ghostly grudge can take a story in a variety
of directions. The wraith can be destroyed by the
werewolves; the wraith can extract an appropriate revenge
from her target and cease to be a problem; the wraith can
encounter problems on her side of the Shroud that take her
attention away from her revenge plans; or something else
entirely could happen to the target of the wraith's ire,
leaving her unsatisfied even in death. Regardless, the
characters may take the chance they're given to learn more
about the Shadowlands and its mysteries. It might be nice
to have a few friendly faces on the other side. It sure beats
all the ugly ones that'll be there anyway.

You Ain't From
Around Here

Ghost stories are some of the oldest and most power-
ful of all cautionary tales. The greatest examples are
those in which the main character (or characters) go for
an up-close and personal look at the afterlife, the better
to help the dead warn those who still live and breathe.
The furthest boundary of the werewolf/wraith adven-
ture, and sure to induce a damn good scare, climaxes
with the full immersion of living beings in the
Shadowlands.

The "why" of werewolves in the Shadowlands sets
the story's primary theme. If the Garou are trapped there
or otherwise left to find their own way home, the story's
theme will be different than a story where the werewolves
have gone there on purpose to achieve some goal that
might be worth the suffering of visiting the afterlife.

The secondary theme of the story is generally dis-
placement, as the characters struggle to get their footing
in a decidedly alien environment. This is the story in
which any good relationships a Garou has formed in the
Shadowlands finally pay off. Holding the general re-
spect of a ghost town's inhabitants gives a character an
incredible advantage and makes for a fine base from
which to explore the countryside.


Of course, the other side of this story's coin has the
Restless Dead living up to their name and crawling from
their graves to sate those passions that can no longer be
ignored.

Faux Wraith

A staple of the young ghosthunter crowd is the
mysterious and inscrutable horror that's revealed in the
end to have mundane origins. Witnesses are duped into
thinking their antagonist is a ghost when it's really some
boob ina white sheet, trying to scare the kids away to get
the insurance money. In the Savage West, of course,
when Old Man Willard puts on a bedsheet he's more
likely to be burning a cross than he is to be impersonat-
ing a ghost, but the general idea still holds true. Many of
the stories described above can be reworked to assume
ahuman (or, at least, living) threat, faking intervention
from the afterlife.

How the fake ghost is accomplished is generally up to
the Storyteller, but it should generally reflect the faker's
actual knowledge of the afterlife. If those being conned
have no clue about the Shadowlands, it's much easier to

provide them with acceptable proof. People with true
knowledge of the Shadowlands — especially when they
know that their marks have had actual experience with
the dead — can make more convincing fakes than
charlatans, unless deliberately adding discrepancies to
achieve other aims.

Spooking characters into reacting against a per-
ceived ghostly threat is also a good way to force their
hand concerning how much they know about the after-
life. Anyone with knowledge of the Shadowlands — or,
even better, allies there! — should be able to determine
fairly quickly ifa threat truly exists. As the best example
of duplicity, some traveling charlatans fake both ghostly
presences and skills at exorcism. Naturally, the ghostly
threat vanishes after the fakes get their money...

Of course, a wraith could just as easily strong-arm a
known charlatan into covering her activities, further
confusing the issue. Multiple layers of subterfuge are
possible here, but don't forget that too many levels of "is
it, isn't it" merely annoy people. Art, it's been said, is
knowing where to stop.

84 Ghost Towns


Interaction

By defining the degree of interaction allowed be-
tween Garou and wraiths in a story, a Storyteller goes a
long way toward setting the mood. Any of the stories
described above can be run with almost any degree of
interaction, large or small. If wraiths are used sparingly,
then suspense is built and mystery is easier to maintain.
Stories in which wraiths appear openly and interact
frequently with characters tend to be driven more by
horror than mystery.

The more interaction that
werewolves and wraiths
have with each other, es-
pecially over time, the
more they'll discover
about their opponent's
strengths and weaknesses.
This can be good and bad.
Werewolves may grow more
accepting of the inhabitants
of the afterlife, but they will
also grow more adept at cir-
cumventing the Dead's
ghostly advantages. Simi-
larly, the complicated
psychology of the Garou
— not to mention how
adept they are at breaking
skulls — is almost as un-
known tothe Restless Dead
as wraiths' complex politics
are to werewolves. As a
wraith learns more about
the Garou,
werewolves be-

come easier to
manipulate.

On a more ba-
sic level, wraiths almost always have an advantage over
the Garou. Afterall, every wraith has spentat least some
time living, however long ago, while very few werewolves
have spent any time dead. Werewolves may represent
an aspect of the material world that most wraiths prob-
ably don't know about, thanks primarily to the Veil, but
at least the ground rules are familiar. Ghostly. Kinfolk
are the most likely to successfully cross between the two
worlds, since they tend to have a fair amount of knowl-
edge about the ways of the Garou, and they understand
and appreciate a werewolf's perspective on dealing with
the dead more than other wraiths.

In any case, exposure of one side to another tends to
lessen the mystery of the situation. A Storyteller basing
his Savage West chronicle around both the living and
the dead has the challenge of continuing to refine a
story's mystique rather than allowing the Shadowlands
to become just another place inhabited by lists of Traits
to be slaughtered by the troupe.

Minor Interaction

Werewolves and wraiths need not be able to communi-
cate regularly to remain

eitherconfederatesoren-

emies. Withthedeeply
enigmatic mood of
mystery that results
from such a low de-
gree of interaction,
living characters
might not initially
there's a ghost in
their midst. For instanc

a
Garou may not discover
that his blackmailer is
actually a ghost until
after it's too late to do
anything about it. The
same holds true for a

"secret admirer." The
eventual revelation of
the mischief-maker (or
anonymous tipster) as a
ghost may be dramatic, em-
phasizing the shock of the
supernatural, or it may just as
easily be quiet, as when two adver-
sari

2s acknowledge respect for

each other

with subtle smiles of respect.

Moderate
Interaction

In a story with only moderate interaction between
the living and the dead, with one or more characters
knowing more about the Shadowlands and its machina-
tions than the typical werewolf, a great deal of mystery
still remains. But the mystery is no longer merely around
the ghost's existence, but around the specifics of her
existence. For example, the question might not be, "Is
this spirit a wraith?" but "Is this a wraith or a Spectre?"

Chapter Three: Storytelling 95


SSSSSM

LLL,

The feeling of a story with moderate interaction between the living
and the dead is that of a world set on its side. While characters have
regular interaction with Restless souls, they should feel more and

more distant from the "normal" world — even Garou
characters, whose normal world is not the same as that
of the average person, should feel increasingly dis-
tant from the structure of their society.
Remember, asachronicle increases the level
of interaction between the two, friends and
foes should show a greater familiarity with
each side's business. Werewolves might at-
tempt to ferret out the Fetters of their
ghostly enemies; wraiths may remind their
Skinlands agents to wield silveragainst Gaia's
children.

Major Interaction

" By the time a werewolf/wraith crossover has
J hit its stride, the two sides may have very few
remaining secrets from each other. Naturally, this sort
of chronicle is best based around a well-populated ghost
town, or some other place where the Shroud is thin. A
thin Shroud is a must if a Storyteller expects major
interaction between the two worlds; it allows the
wraiths a greater chance of success at reaching back
into the land of the living with their Arcanoi.

For the living, the initial mood of a story with
major interaction between themselves and the dead
should be one of all-out terror, as the line between
this world and the next blur to the point of
indistinction. Too much interaction with the Rest-
less Dead spawnsa feeling of distance from everyday
life. This can either reduce a character's sense of
importance in the world, instilling feelings impo-
tence when faced with the ultimate futility of it all,
or heighten it, emboldening him with a new sense of
urgency in the race against Oblivion.

For the dead, a story that allows for
major interaction with the world they
once knew could be a painful one,
though it may ease the resolution
| of a Fetter or facilitate the calm-
i . ing of a Passion. However,

, | increased contact with
wl lel 1 creas tact witl
z eae i

| \
Z3 Hat ie ‘
a MFas |

COOL


CLEPE EL.

the Quick gives a Shadow all sorts of interesting fuel,
and anyone who knows about wraiths knows where that
road goes...

Notable Changes

One of the secrets to maintaining the spookiness of a
ghost story lies in never letting anyone see the whole

analog in the Shadowlands. Heretics and Renegades
tide invisibly alongside bandits and mountain men,
openly flouting the Hierarchy's claim on their souls.
Many of these ruthless ghosts are also hunted by Native
American wraiths in retribution the genocide practiced
upon their kind, an event called "The Flaying" by
Stygia. (This event dates back to when European wraiths
first set foot in what was for them a new world; it and

picture. So naturally it's
more difficult to inspire
a sense of mystery in
people who've played
Wraith andare presum-
ably well-versed in how
things work in the
Shadowlands than it is
to spook people who
don't know any of the
capital words used to
describe the afterlife.
Still, even those who
are familiar with the
Wraith setting find it
holds new mysteries
when moved to the Sav-
age West. Players
making assumptions
about the latter based
on exposure to the
former are in for big
trouble.
There are several no-
table differences
between the state of the
Underworld in Wraith:
The Oblivion and the

The Boo Factor

However a Storyteller ends up merging
wraiths and werewolves in the Savage West
(or evena setting of her own devising), no one
should rely on "The Boo Factor" to keep a
game going.

The Boo Factor comes into play when it's
dark, the characters are getting a little anx-
ious and then someone freaks out because
something jumps out of the darkness, except
that it turns out to be nothing more dangerous
than a cat, an ally returning from a scouting
mission or some other non-threat.

Don't misunderstand! The Boo Factor can
be used fora genuine dramatic purpose, and
has been employed by the best tale swappers
to relieve the built-up pressure of mounting
fear, only to build it up again. Even so, the
Boo Factor is nothing but annoying in any-
thing larger than single doses.

many other interesting
facts about wraiths are
discussed in Frontier Se-
crets.)

In many ways, the
Savage West exists at a
much more traumatic —
and dramatic — time in
the Underworld than its
modern analog. Charon
and his Deathlords have
just lost their Fetters,
and can no longer walk
the Shadowlands like
any other wraith. A
sense of order falls away
as Stygia's most power-
ful beings must rely on
their lessers to enact
their will. Heretics and
Renegades, blamed for
the destruction of the
Fetters of Stygia'
ers, populate the Savage
West in great numbers.
This puts the Dark King-
dom of Iron under more
pressure than ever to

lead-

Storm Umbra of Werewolf: The Wild West. Most
importantly, Charonstill rules Stygia. While the Shroud
thickens every year, it's much easier to pierce than in
the modern World of Darkness. In addition, the
Necropoli are still relatively new, concentrated on the
East Coast. Just as America's West is still savage, so is its

Chapter Three: Storytelling

rein in these wild forces. Legionnaires, while infre-
quently seen west of the Mississippi, are the wraithly
sheriffs of the afterlife, bringing a semblance of Stygia's
order to the ghost towns. They, like everyone else trying
to make something out of the chaos of the frontier, have
their work cut out for them.



The Dark Umbra? Be careful if that's where you're
headed. Those spooks don't take too kindly to our ilk, and
some of ‘em are mean as sin.

— Earl Cotten, Bone Gnawer Ahroun

This book presents a variety of reasons for Garou
characters in the Savage West to head into the realms
of the dead. How exactly the characters get ther
matter of some complexity, though. Garou history is rife
with tales of werewolves visiting the Underworld, but
very few of them agree on the most efficient method of
the Garou's passage there.

This appendix presents some of the mechanical de-
vices for getting your chronicle's characters into the
Dark Umbra. Use these systems with caution — your
characters don't want to become permanent fixtures in

the Shadowlands...


Rites

The only way Garou may truly enter the Shadowlands
is through the use of traditional rites. Each tribe has a
different method and legend concerning passage into
the wraiths' native realm, but all of these legends are
united by one pervasive thread.

Rites intended to bestow passage into the Dark Umbra
are always at least Level Three — inexperienced Garou

have no business going there, for the most part. These
rites are always Mystical in nature, and frequently must
be learned from and empowered by death-related spirits.
Garou in the Dark Umbra universally appear as dark
patches in the Penumbra.

System: The ritemaster steps into the Dark Umbra
just as if she were stepping into the Middle Umbra. The
player rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of the Shroud
rating + 4, to a maximum of 10) and may not use any
more dice than the character has in Intelligence +
Occult. The ritemaster may pull others into the Dark
Umbra with her, but she must be touching them when
she performs the rite (otherwise the chain is broken and
the others cannot follow). Non-Garou may not be
taken to the Shadowlands with this rite.

Gifts

Some tribes and auspices have learned other ways of
interacting with the Dark Umbra, through Gifts taught by
enigmatic spirits. Although no Gift has been reliably
proven to take the user into the Underworld, several

reports exist of Gifts that enable their users to glean some
information about the goings-on of the dead realm.

Tribal Rites

What follows is a list of the names the tribes
use for their rites of entry into the Dark
Umbra. Persistent rumors indicate other,
darker rites are available to those who would
pierce the Shroud without the blessings of
their tribes. No specific details are provided
for the individual rites in question; each rite
works with roughly the same mechanics de-
tailed above.

Black Furies — Passage to Golgotha

Bone Gnawers — Dust to Dust

Children of Gaia — Night's Journey

Fianna — Balor's Cwm

Get of Fenris — Taking Death's Mantle

Iron Riders — Rust Soul

Red Talons — After the Blood

Shadow Lords — Penance in Gaia's Name

Silent Striders — Descent into the Dark
Umbra

Silver Fangs — Enter the Dark Umbra

Stargazers — Cheating the Cycle

Uktena— Passage to the Hunting Grounds

Wendigo — Bone Dance

i,
y Ragabash
Beyond Fear (Level Two) —
Eschewed by urbane Ragabash, this
"dark trick" shows the target of the Gift
a haunting vision of her own death. The
vision comes as a dream or trance-like revela-
tion. This Gift is taught by Sickness-spirits and
Wolf-spirits.
System: This Gift has no mechanical system, per se,
though the dreams it engenders are chilling enough to give
even the bravest Garou pause.

100 Ghost Towns


Theurge

Whispers From Thoth (Level Two) — This Gift
allows the user to hear across the Shroud. Conversa-
tions (if any) happening in the Shadowlands become
audible to the Garou. This is a very versatile and
discrete Gift, as there is no visible effect: The wraiths do
not know that they are being eavesdropped upon. This
gift is taught by Owl-spirits.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis
and rolls Perception + Enigmas (diffi-
culty of the Shroud rating + 3, to

ee

amaximum of 10). If the roll succeeds, the Theurge may
hear conversations within earshot across the Shroud for
the remainder of the scene.

Philodox

Wrongful Death (Level One) — This Gift allows
the Philodox to observe the final resting place of some-
one deceased and determine whether or not their death
was natural or the result of other circumstances (vio-
lence, poison, sickness, etc.). This Gift does not reveal
the cause of death, only if the death occurred by fair
order or foul. While this Gift does not actually allow
communication across the Shroud, a distinct feeling of
emptiness occurs to the Gift user if the deceased has
become a wraith, and no final delineation between
natural or unnatural death is forthcoming. This Gift is
taught by Eagle-spirits and, more rarely, Justice-spirits.

System: The player rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 7).
Success indicates the character obtains an accurate
result, or total lack thereof...

Silent Striders

Dark Peering (Level Two) — Using this Gift allows
the Silent Strider to look through the Shroud and

witness events occurring there. She may not interact

cg

Appendix: Piercing the Shroud

with events on the
other side of the
Shroud, nor may she
hear any verbal ex-
changes or other audible
occurrences. This Gift is
taught by a Crow-spirit.
System: The player rolls Percep-
tion + Occult (difficulty equal to the
Shroud rating +3 to a maximum of 10). The
number of successes on the roll indicates how many
turns the Strider may see into the local area of the Dark
Umbra.

Systems

Garou stepping into the Dark Umbra are in for a
rough time. Although they are creatures of spirit, the
Dark Umbra is uncomfortable, unpleasant and often
downright hostile. Most of the rites allowing passage
into the lands of the dead are imperfect at best, and
Garou visiting there are most certainly at a disadvan-
tage.

Health Levels do not change for a Garou in the Dark
Umbra (it's similar to being in the Middle Umbra, and
Garou are creatures of spirit, after all). Regeneration
occurs as normal. If a werewolf loses all her Health
Levels while in the Dark Umbra, she dies, discorporating
into the hazy nebulousness of the dead realm.


©,%,

Gifts become more difficult to use while in the Dark

Umbra, as spiritual energy must cross the Shroud. All
Gift difficulties increase by one in the Dark Umbra,
though Gifts without difficulties work as normal.

Crossover Mechanics

If you are a member of the Shriek Legion who
demands systems for translating one set of character
Traits into the terms of another game, here you go.

Mechanically, being in the Dark Umbra is quite
similar to being in the Middle Umbra. As far as the
Umbrascape is concerned, however, the Dark Umbra is
radically different. The Dark Umbra is a realm of omni-

present death and decay. It is a depressing, macabre

and makes them pine

place that taxes Garou soul

se. Storytellers should emphasize that
vibrantly alive as werewolves, the mi-
asma of death-energy that surges around them is
profoundly unsettling.

For Storytellers and players using Wraith: The
Oblivion, use the following conversion system.

* Garou Rage is Oblivion's playground. Werewolves
in the Dark Umbra acquire Shadows (most of whom are
Abuser, Freak or Monster Archetypes), whose Angst
scores equal the

Garou's Rage. Werewolf Shadows may have any Thorns
deemed appropriate by the Storyteller, but should obvi-
ously fit the "dark side" of the character in question.
(These conceits are advanced roleplaying techniques;
only troupes that wish to delve into their characters'
psychological beings should use these in play. Feel free
to discard this rule should you not wish to involve
Shadows for werewolves in your game.)

# Werewolves do not have and may not learn Arcanoi
(unless, of course, they die and become wraiths for some
reason — hey, don't ask me; it's your game). Garou may
still use Gifts, though associated difficulties increase by
one.

¢ Players may spend Rage to do all the things nor-
mally related to the Trait: healing, extra actions, shifting
forms, etc.

¢ Werewolves do not have Passions or Fetters, per se
(they donot need Pathos, and they are, in truth, still alive).

¢ A player may spend a Gnosis point at any time to
have her Garou character "drop out" of the Dark Umbra
and back into the physical world.
© Werewolves shine like beacons in the Underworld.
The wraiths' inherent sense of Lifesight reveals Garou
as brightly glowing, robust creatures. Obviously,
werewolves experience great
difficulty hiding in the
Dark Umbra, as they ema-
nate such radiance.
¢ While we're on the
subject, werewolves don't
typically become wraiths af-
ter they die— Gaia recycles
them back into the cosmo-
logical flow. But go ahead,
if you want to.


Turnabout is Fair
Play

Wraiths sometimes cross the Shroud and manifest
tangibly in the physical world — particularly in the
Savage West when Shroud ratings are low. This is
often associated with the Embody Arcanos, though
the paper-thin division between the worlds of the
living and the dead enables some particularly willful
wraiths to bridge the gap.

A: wraith in the physical world is described as
Matetial. Material wraiths comprise solidified spiri-
tualenergy, and suffer normal damage from physical
attacks, though they:may soak as normal. Wraiths, as
beings of energy, do not suffer trauma, and are not
affected by Dice Pool damage penalties — they, still
use Corpus rather than more conventional Health,
Levels.

Ty


= "Ghost Towns Ain't All
i - =] =. —- . Deserted

When those wraiths start becoming-a problem for the local-tarou, relations between
Pere : werewolves ‘anid ghosts sometimes get ugly. dust how-ugly depends —
ae . on what town = re talking about, and which ee pack

Werewolves and

Pega The: Savepe' West iS-dotted with-numerous sites that wraiths call home. Ofcourse,

mi "~ y Side-by-Side | ——
Oe host Towns offers a wealth of information to =

Storytellers wishing to incorporate events from

chronicles. Whether the chronicle demands area~ ae
specific information or a well-defined system for
4 integrating ghosts into the story, Ghost Towns details
"y it all. A unique resource for the ever-popular crossover — :
4 World of Darkness games, Ghost: Towns 1s 2 boon

Ghost Towns es
includes ~ ae
e Settings for five individual ghost towns == =
as well as rules on how to create an enrely E
new one Stee
e Hints and-tips-for involving the- Restless. aa
"Dead ia Werewolf: The Wild West chronicle =~ -
e Numerous story arcs and chronicle —

to create their own.

ISBN 1-56504-343-X
WW3703 $15.00 U.S.

il i lil

GME SFL: nt PRINTED IN U.S.A.

beyond the Shroud in their Werewolf: The Wild West : ze ae

foundations — and guidelines fer sory = a
