# File: Ghouls - Fatal Addiction.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

for Vampire: the Masquerade'

A

Credits
Authors: Ronni Radner and Ethan Skemp
Developer: Robert Hatch

Editor: Ed Hall

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Robby Poore

Interior Art: Guy Davis and Vince Locke
Front Cover Art: Guy Davis and Vince Locke
Back Cover Art: Vince Locke

Front and Back Cover Design: Matt Millberger

ae os 755 Prac Nor Bu.
"et te SuTE DB

PUBLISHING

© 1997, 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West, Ghouls Fatal Addiction, Clanbook
Nosferatu, Clanbook Tzimisce and The Storytellers
Handbook to the Sabbat are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes
only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http:/ /www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and

rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Fiction: Blood Is Thicker we. 4

Introduction: The First Tast ) iy 10
Chaptlabue: A Clockwork teifisol 14
| Chapter oo: Masters and' Serine 34
Chapter Three: Character Creation p. 8
Chapter Four: Storytelling = fhm 86

Chapter Five: Templates

Contents

Thicker. wot.

playing cards

He laid his troubles out to me like a deck of

Well don't you know that [ can tell the

kings and jokers well apart

—Concrete Blonde, "Your Haunted Head"

I must have the worst job in all of New York.

I ram the plunger into a commode overstuffed with
Nathan's Famous Frankfurters napkins and Marlboro butts.
Thank God for union wages. | strip a stall wall of graffiti that
proclaims that Jeanette has the biggest tits in Brooklyn.
Time for me to leave if 1 want to catch the B Train back
home. What a day it's been.

The park shut down about an hour ago, but as I exit the
men's room I canstill hear the dull neon hiss of the Cyclone
sign. Carlos must be here still, doing some closing-time ride
maintenance. I notice a Pepsi can on the cracked sidewalk.
It seems the more I clean this place, the scuzzier it gets.

A humid August wind blows, choked with sausage,
urine, saltwater and diesel. I cross Stillwell Avenue by Katz's
Kandy Shoppe — Home of the World's Greatest Kotton
Kandy — fumble in my jeans pocket for my token, and head
to the dank subway station. A teenaged boy with greasy
black hair and gold braces bums a quarter from me by the
turnstile and, other than him, it looks like I'ma lone soul in
this station. I take my position on a piece of blackened gum
that's been squashed onto the platform, glancing anxiously
at my watch.

It's going to bea long ride tonight. Usually Carlos takes
the same train I do, sol have someone to chat with. Not this
time. No— tonight I'm the only passenger. I close my eyes,
knowing I can nap for awhile; the ride to Manhattan takes
about 35 minutes, and there's nobody on this train for me to
be scared of. My head bobs back and forth, and I can barely
doze off because the train is squeaking so loudly. Damn
MTA always runs the rickety trains to Brooklyn. I force my
eyelids open and fixate on the sign above the window
advertising an abortion clinic where the nurses all Habla
Espafiol.

The train rattles into the next stop, and the doors clack
open, and I don't know whether it's the sight or the stink of
the new passenger that draws my attention first. I try not to
stare, but he's so gross that I can't help it. Looks like a
homeless guy, judging by his piss-stained chinos and Mondale
for President T-shirt. | figure he'll probably try to sell me a
copy of The Street News, but he avoids my stare and quietly
takes a seat across from me.

The train squeals louder than before, sending a knife
through my eardrums. The homeless guy sorta looks at me
and grins. "Loud train, huh?" he says.

Fiction: Blood Is Thicker

"Mmmhmm," | grunt, staring down at my shoes, not
wanting to look him straight in the eyes. I notice that the
man is barefoot, and his feet are covered by little reddish
warts.

I've got a headache now, and the noise is becoming
louder and louder as we enter the tunnel beneath the East
River. And then I hear another ominous creak, and I look
up at a crack in the roof of the subway, from which small
droplets of the dirtiest river in America are slopping to form
puddles on scattered seats in the subway car. Odors of
mildew and fecal matter fill the air. Goddamn, | have to
smell it at work all goddamn day, and now the whole train
is exuding the stench of shit! My fellow passenger just
glances at me, gives me a yellow-toothed grin, and says,
"Yep, New York sure does have the world's cleanest subway
system!"

I want to vomit. I can see the goosebumps crowding the
surface of my forearms, my face is covered in a cold sweat,
and...

The hyenalike squeal finally ceases, but a deluge of
river water begins to flood the train. There is a moment of
rigid calm, in which all Ican hear is the steady drip-drip-drip
of water on the plastic orange seats. The homeless man just
sits across from me in the same oblivious position, kinda
twiddling his thumbs nervously. A sudden buzzing hum fills
the subway car, the greenish hue of the fluorescent lights
fades to black, and the subway stops dead on its tracks.

I can't scream; what would that accomplish? But,
Mother of Jesus, what am I gonna do? I rub at my temples as
if that will help me come up with a solution, but my hand
slips on my own sweat. My stomach is tied in a Boy Scout's
knot. Oh Jesus, I don't want to die like a roach in a toilet!
I want to get up, walk to the next car, but the fear has me in
a viselike grip, and the remains of my dinnertime slice of
sausage pizza make their way to the back of my throat. All
Ican do is cry. I can't see a thing, but | feel the cuffs of my
jeans soaked with East River residue. I flinch in disgust and
put my knees to my chest, thinking I can prevent the murky
slime from covering the rest of me.

i Something touches my right shoulder, and I nearly
fil i jump out of my skin.

i ‘Uta ft "There's nothing to worry about, sweetie," says the
y stranger, now sitting beside me, hisarm extended around my
shoulder. "I'll take care of you," he whispers, and I feel his
cold breath warming my lips, as he grabs me by the back of
my neck and forcesa long and snaky tongue into my mouth.
I gag as he kisses me, my mouth still tasting faintly of vomit,
and then I bite his tongue so he'll stop, but he continues on
with even more fervor, ignoring the gobbet of his tongue
floating on my saliva. A viscous, bitter slime — his blood?

—curdles with the chunky vomit in my throat.

Itry toreach for my purse, get my Swiss Army knife, but
he cuffs my wrists with his strong, knobby fingers, and more
of his blood oozes into my mouth. Then he finally stops

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


kissing me, picks me up, and aims me toward the subway
window. Shards of thick Plexiglas blanket my eyes, and all
I see is red.

I struggle to open my eyelids, feeling cold, damp cement
beneath me. Something is squirming on me, and I hear
another squeaking sound...God, it sounds like the train!! I
shudder, finally able to get my eyes open, and it's just a
Tat...two rats...no, three rats...and they're about three feet
long each! My heart races. Last night's events slowly enter
my mind, in little Technicolor vignettes, and I search my
body for the blood and cuts, but nothing is there! Nota scar!
No fucking evidence! | must be going out of my mind! How
can I tell a half-baked story like this to the NYPD? (A
sudden shudder — what if the guy had AIDS?)

I muster the strength to prop myself up, and I survey my
surroundings. I'm in the Stillwell Avenue station, and I can
see the orange sun coming up to greet a new day.

They say nothing's new in the Big Apple. Well, I'll tell
ya, after work tonight I'm not taking the subway home
alone!

Isomehow get through another Coney Island evening,
though my handsare shaking nervously even as I plunge the
last stinking toilet of the night. Carlos tells me he's going to
escort me home, and he'll be on the lookout for my attacker.
But just the thought of stepping off the platform and onto
the subway scares the living daylights out of me, even with
Carlos by my side.

Tlock the bathroom door and head over to the Cyclone;
Carlos flicks his last switch of the evening, and the neon
buzz erodes into silence. He takes my hand and assures me
that everything is going to be okay. He gives me some cotton
candy to comfort me; he says he always ate it as a kid, and
nothing is more soothing than dandy candy, even though
it's true that liquor is quicker.

Weecross the avenue, and Carlos isall gentlemanly and
lets me through the turnstile first, paying my fare. I feel so
much better having him around.

So, everything seems all right now with a strong man by
my side. I doze off in his arms, slouching in my seat for the
long haul to Manhattan. Nobody else on the train, but like
Carlos said, everything's gonna be okay.

Abouta half-hour into the ride, lopen my saggy eyelids.
I gotta get off soon, and then Carlos goes all the way to
Spanish Harlem.

When I lean over to give Carlos a hug good-bye, I shut
my eyes, aiming for his mouth to give him a friendly kiss for
being such a good protector. His lips are so soft and wet.

Then Carlos intertwines his tongue in mine, giving me
a wet, juicy soul kiss. I open my eyes, shocked.

Fiction: Blood Is Thicker 7

"You looking for me?" he says, grinning slackly, the
blood dripping from his half-eaten tongue.

Jesus fucking Christ! I...didn't think he...Carlos?! I
feel a pounding in my temples, and...something isn't
right...oh, fuck! I think my goddamn head is gonna ex-
plode. I...gotta do something...hurt...spill some blood! I
need it... NOW!

I shove, and I'm 100 pounds sopping wet, but Carlos
goes crashing into the aisle three seats down. | rummage
through my pocketbook for my knife before he has a chance
to stop me.

"You sonofabitch! What the fuck is wrong with you?
Whattaya, in some cult or something? Why the fuck did you
attack me?" | plead with him for an answer, my voice
cracking as I yell. "I thought you were my friend!"

He gets up, snarling, lunging. Before I'm even aware of
it, my fingers flick open the knife to its sharpest serrated
blade, my arm extends, and the steel edge pierces his jugular.
It's like stabbing a pillow. 1 don't feel like I'm actually
hurting him. It's someone else — I don't hurt people — I
don't freak out like this — I'm not Bernie Goetz!

I look into Carlos's eyes, and he looks as if he's already
dead — there's just nothing there. He gasps, clenches his
jaw, then falls to the subway floor. For a moment I actually
feel remorse.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

And then I feel something else entirely. I straddle his
chest and bend down to...lap up the blood from the collar
of his Cyclone T-shirt?

Asshole just about raped me...why the hell should I feel
bad about this? This blood...I don't know why I'm drinking
it, but something about it just...wow! I guess it just feels
good to hurt him back — and this blood is slimy and bitter
but does something better than a hundred bottles of bour-
bon. As it oozes like molasses down my throat, I feel like I
could throw the motherfucker clean through the wall of the
train.

Iremove the knife from his neck and lick it clean, then
polish it with his bloody shirt. Still nobody on the fucking
train, so I just leave Carlos there to rot. When I get off the
train, I give the knife to some drunken amputee who's
propped up against the Citibank building. "Use it for protec-
tion," I tell him, smirking, waiting for the light to change so
Ican cross the street to my third-floor studio. "Never know
what you're gonna find out here on the street."

4:33 a.m. and I wake myself up with my own shrill
scream. My sheets are soaked with sweat. What the hell is
wrong with me?! I can't stop trembling. I dart out of bed and
pace the floor of my 600-square-foot hovel. What have |
done?! I've killed a man!! | was molested!! I run to the


bathroom and quickly start a hot shower. | strip naked and
get in the stall, violently scrubbing my whole body like one
of the characters in Silkwood. Ouch! Fuck — I scrubbed too
hard. My leg...

I watch the pink blood-and-water mixture seep into the
drain. My leg...I''m covered in boils! The thought of AIDS
knots itself in my gut again. I've gotta figure out what the
hell is going on!

I dry myself off and get into some sweats and a tank top.
There's an all-night clinic...no. I don't care what time it is;
T'm going to Harlem to get to the bottom of this shit. I'm
gonna tell his family what he did to me the other night —
I'll even tell ‘em what I did if | have to. I'm not gonna be
arrested for something I did in self-defense. His family
oughtta know. Mama Fernandez should know that her son
was a rapist!

I dash to the subway station in record time. The
amputee is still propped up against the bricks of the bank,
but he's out cold, a bottle of white-grape MD20-20 lying
beside his stumps. The knife I gave him is gone. Some bum
must've stolen it from him. God, I'd hate to be homeless in
New York.

Back on this rickety old train again. It gives me the
creeps. At least I'm not in the same car as Carlos's corpse. I
get the chills thinking about it. Ugh! His tongue...the
blood!

But I'm not scared to ride the subway by myself any-
more. [ can handle anything. My whole body trembles with
energy, like I'm a rubber band waiting to snap at someone.
God, I can't quite remember the Fernandez's apartment
number. 568B? — or is it 586B? — or—

I get a whiff of stale blood, and there's Carlos, suddenly
in front of me like a stage magician's trick, my Swiss Army
knife in hand. All the power I feel seems to evaporate,
puddling onto the subway floor.

"Tsk, tsk, tsk, Mary! Ya know, my kind doesn't kick the
bucket too easily, and we sure don't forget when some stupid
ghoul tries to off us. But I knew you'd be back — betcha you
were gettin' the shakes, huh, honey?"

"]...L..yes... mean, wh-what's going on?" I stammer.
"Welcome to the Sabbat, dearie. Shit — no wonder
you're nothing but a fucking janitor at Coney Island! You
haven't figured out what I am?"

"No, I...1...just thought—'

"That I was some sicko with a blood fetish who's been
wanting to get in your pants?" he winces. "Shit, I don't want
no piece of your working-class Irish-Catholic ass! And
you're the one with the blood fetish now!" He slices his own
wrist and shoves his hand into my mouth. "This is what
you've been waiting for, isn't it? Now drink up, junkie!
Nothin' like a little Nos blood when ya need a fix.

Oh, God! Oh, God! I don't want it! I want him to get
his wrist outta my mouth! | let out a muffled, half-assed,
"Stop!"

But I cave in. God, it's so fucking good! I feel a sudden
burst of energy, like I just sniffed a line of coke. | want more!

He jerks his — claw? — away. "Now, that's enough.
Don't wanna spoil you or anything. After all, you gotta
discipline your servants. Now, what I want you to do
tomorrow at work is go down to—"

I don't let him finish. I paw and claw at him, and kick
him in the balls till he's down. Some adrenaline-type wave
comes over me, and I push him to the ground so hard that
his impact cracks the tiles, and then I pry my knife out of his
clenched fist. "Listen, you sonofabitch, and you listen good!
I'm not doing any favors for some rapist nutcase!" I pin him
down on the subway floor, waving the blade in front of his
face. | hold my breath fora second, then cut deeply across his
neck. A small thread of jaundiced skin still holds his head to
his severed neck, and a geyser of blood spurts out of his
throat. And I drink and drink and drink to my heart's
content, until I can no longer see his wart-covered little toes
twitching. And this time I am not crying or gagging as I
exsanguinate the bastard. Nope. This time I'm laughing like
a maniac!

Yep, I must have the worst job in all of New York. But
I think it's about to get a little bit better.

Fiction: Blood Is Thicker

They are Ghouls

They are neither man nor woman—
They are neither brute nor human—

— Edgar Allan Poe, "The Bells"

Ghouls.

The very word conjures images of pale, malformed
creatures skulking among headstones and crypts, scrabbling
through graveyard dirt and scratching at coffin lids, ever
seeking tounearth and devour the fetid remains of humanity's
deceased.

And yet, in the World of Darkness, the term "ghoul"
tefers to a creature, usually an innocuous human or animal,
made suddenly supernatural by a diet of vitae — the blood
of the vampire. Unhindered by the Kindred's driving thirst,

no more vulnerable to the noonday sun than the next
person, they hardly seem like the corpse-eating bogeymen
from which they take their name. For some, it may seem like
an attractive life: A ghoul never ages, can heal almost any
wound, has twice the strength he once did — hey, that
sounds great!

Ic isn't.

A ghoul isn't a watered-down version of a vampire.
Ghouls may not be Damned, but in many ways their lot is
worse. The Blood changes many things when it entersa living

Introduction: The First Taste


being. The vampiric curse of frenzy haunts all ghouls, driving
them to extremes of anger and desire — extremes often
focused on their still-present human needs. Other taints can
take root as well: deformity, madness or worse. Perhaps worst
ofall, most ghouls become shackled by the Blood Bond. These
haplessaddicts become obsessed with their masters, otdomitors.
Ibecomesall too easy fora ghoul's personality tobe subsumed
by the force of her domitor's will. You're a slave — maybe
initially by choice, but no longer. Once you've tasted the
Blood, you don't have any choice at all.

So why would you want to play a ghoul?

First, tragedy is an inherent part of Vampire stories. The
themes of alienation and inner struggle are not the exclusive
provinces of the Kindred. If a Cainite is a tragic figure, then
doubly so his ghoul servant. Ghouls have no biological depen-
dence on vitae — at first. But once you taste those first few
drops of sheer bliss and distilled power, it's hard to go back.
‘And soon enough the Blood Bond catches you, and your very
existence revolves around this wonderful, horrible person
without whom you're sure you couldn't survive. Every day you
may live the life of a normal human. You hunger, you thirst,
you bleed — but forall that, you're not quite human anymore.
Youcan frenzy, and mightunintentionally hurtsomeone close
to you. Your biological processes are augmented — but so are
your biological urges, and living beings have many more urges
than the undead. You no longer age as humans do. You're
walking directly on the edge of a deadly fall, and all it takes to
push you over the edge is a single drop of blood.

Second, the horror of Vampire becomes even sharper
when you are not the vampire. As a ghoul, you are part of
Kindred society, butan expendable part. No sire is obligated
to instruct you; you know little of the clans, friend or foe.
Tremere sorcerers and Malkavian psychotics are doubly
frightening when you know they're more powerful than you.
Terrible powers like Obtenebration and Protean are all the
more horrifying to a ghoul's eyes. Vampires are frightening
beasts, especially when you know just enough about them to
become truly afraid...and who says you're going to know
anything? There's absolutely no reason that your domitor
has to tell you anything about vampire culture. You may not
know what a clan is — or even a vampire. All you know is
that this fabulous person has come into your life, and she
gives you this stuff that makes you feel like Samson, and
maybe you have to do some strange things for her every now
and again, but it is so worth it. All you have to do in return
is survive in the World of Darkness while unseen, powerful
figures move in the shadows around you. Notan easy task for
a Cainite; for a mortal, it's all but impossible.

Running a ghoul character in a coterie of vampires can
also be rewarding. You can travel during the daylight, and
mighteven becomea valued member of your group in this way.
Yes, you're the weak one in the group; whoever said life was
fair? But you can walk in the park ona sunny afternoon, enjoy
a good white wine with your chicken
a family. The vampires may wind up envying you more than
you envy them. This is, of course, never a good thing.

esar salad, even raise

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Ghouls: Fatal Addiction isa supplement for Vampire:
The Masquerade, meant to provide players and Storytellers
with insights and ideas into what it is to be a ghoul — from
aberrant psychologies to simple physical facts, from the
social games they play to what awaits a ghoul without a
master. Although the material herein can be used to flesh
out any Vampire chronicle, hopefully it'll inspire you to try
roleplaying a ghoul, hapless or headstrong, for a while.
Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson deals with the
biological details of what exactly "ghouling" entails, and
what changes it works on the body, as well as offering a
glimpse into the mind ofa ghoul. Also included here is most
of the "rulespeak" concerning ghouls' physiology.
Chapter Two: Masters and Servants? discusses the
manner in which ghouls fit into Kindred socicty, as well as
the societies they form on their own.

Chapter Three: Character Creation offers rules for
running ghouls as player characters, as well as offering
specific Merits and Flaws to add more variety to the run-of-
the-mill vassal.

Chapter Four: Storytelling offers advice for working
ghouls intoa Vampire chronicle, ideas on runningall-ghoul
chronicles, and details on some of the more notorious figures
in ghoul society.

Chapter Five: Templates provides four ready-to-use
ghoul templates, which can be dropped into a chronicle as
supporting cast, antagonists, or even quick-start player
characters.

Enough said. The tenuous and fragile immortality of
the Blood awaits.

Don't drink it all at once, now.

Introduction: The First Taste


society which spelled out
possible,

You were born into as
with brutal clarity, and in as many ways as
that you were a worthless human being. .

— James Baldwin, "My Dungeon Shook'

The Physiology of the Ghoul

My noble and terrible liege, greetings! Here as requested is the summation of my research into the biology of our
vitae-fed servants. The past two years have been of especial progress, and I feel that my findings are complete enough
to satisfy all but the most exacting of domitors.

I must reiterate how honored I was to receive your bequest, as well as the most generous supplies of vitae to further
my experimentation. I only hope that my studies prove of use to you.

Itin fact surprises me that so few vampires take any more than a passing interest in the biological aspects of their
ghouls. Many Kindred would simply water them, like houseplants, and then leave them to their tasks. However, the
prudent Cainite knows the importance of properly managing one's resources, and ghouls are amongourmost productive
resources. Central to utilizing one's ghouls properly, of course, is precise knowledge of their capabilities and
shortcomings. Such was my reasoning before your offer, as well you remember, and I am pleased to report that your

bequest has furthered my studies a hundredfold.
Here follows the synopsis of my past two years of study, as well as my findings previous to your request. I'm sure
that you will find them intriguing and informative, and, I dare to hope, perhaps even surprising in places.

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson

Z

15

peda b bebe deter

Considerations of the Blood

First and foremost, to explore fully the physiognomy of the ghoul, one must discuss the Blood itself, Even the ,
most luckless Caitiff outcast soon discovers that the seat of all his power lies within his vitae. Without it, his
Disciplines are nothing more than quaint but impotent mental exercises; without it, his flapping wounds never close.
And yet, the vitality of the Blood is not entirely predicated on the uses our undead forms have for it.

Human blood (and, to a lesser extent, that of other animals) has variable nutritional value, depending on the
metabolism of the animal that feeds upon it. But vitae is nourishing to its drinker, regardless of the ingestor's species.
Even herbivorous animals, once given a taste of vampiric blood, gladly drink as much as is given. This thirst becomes

even more fascinating when produced in the most domesticated of animals; | have witnessed animals as docile as
sheep rip at mundane flesh and lap up mortal blood in the hopes that vitae might be present. In no case did they

convert to a carnivorous diet, however. Ghouling may override an herbivore's instincts somewhat, but cannot alter
them completely.

Through extensive observation of ghoul servants, one can soon determine how much of Caine's power is
transmitted through the Blood alone. For convenience, I will list the pertinent details first, and elaborate anon.

First and foremost, a ghoul with a steady diet of vitae is capable of learning the arcane powers which are passed
from sire to whelp among our kind. Of course, the more "instinctive" abilities come most naturally; a ghoul innately
learns the ways of superhuman strength almost instantly. More specific arcana require intense training, and often
blood from a particular clan.

Second, vitae has a preservative effect on living tissue. Muchas the Blood prevents our dead tissue from decaying,
it likewise inhibits cellular breakdown in a living body. While the vitae courses through a host, human or animal,
it halts the process of cell division and decay. Consequently, a ghoul will not age a biological day so long as she is
fed Cainite vitae.

Third, ghouls are still living beings, and heal themselves at the natural rate (given rest and nourishment, of
course). However, they are also capable of utilizing their ingested vitae as we do, to regenerate wounds far more

quickly than Nature would normally permit. Thiseven extends to the regeneration of severed limbs, provided enough
vitae is available.

(Asan interesting side note, I have discovered superficial similarities between enzymes found in ghoul vitae and
those found in invertebrates such as planarian flatworms; our own regenerative processes, however, stem from no.
identifiable biological catalyst, as our tissue is quite dead. This leads me to speculate that the ghouling process may
well be the culmination ofa sort of proto-Discipline, one allowing the sporadic augmentation of living tissue, perhaps
similar to those eldritch arts displayed by the dreadful Tzimisce.)

Finally, the ghoul is able to metabolize the Blood in order to quicken her physical capabilities, temporarily
boosting her strength, speed, stamina, endurance or agility over and above any supernatural enhancements she may
already possess. The process is already quite familiar to you, I'm sure; I presume | need not elaborate further. (Again,

this process demonstrably utilizes the ghoul's natural hormonal secretions, mitochondrion output, etc. — a process
distinct from our own capabilities. Curious.)

Of course, such capabilities come at a price; the maddeningly potent elixir we call vitae confers on the ghoul
a capacity for berserk anger nearly rivaling our own. (The legend of Heracles comes to mind; did not this
preternaturally strong "demigod" kill his own family in a fit of rage? One wonders...) However, the drawbacks of
ghoulhood seem to be purely psychological in nature. They may be contained through discipline and strength of will,
much as the Blood-related psychoses of such clans as the Toreador may be resisted for a space.

These, then, are the characteristics exhibited by the typical ghoul. Common knowledge, I know. But the truly
fascinating data lie in the particulars.

Disciplines

The nature of our vampiric powers is indisputable: They are the powers of the Blood. More specifically, they are
those exotic talents which may be learned by any who possess vitae in their veins. The empha

sis here is on the word
"learned": These arts are not so instinctive as, for example, regenerating lost limbs, nor are they autonomic processes

such as the arrest of cell decay. Science itself is still at a loss to define precisely the methods in which these talents
work — it would take long centuries of study (uninterrupted by the wars we nightly fight among ourselves, of course)

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Pegg ggei¢itide

nature of each. But every Cainite is capable of ‘achieving mastery of the arts of his clan or, given time,
learned something of that art by Which such clans as the Brujah and Toreador

tolearn the exact
first, but the skill did not lie beyond my ability.

even more foreign talents. I myself have
evoke emotional auras; the study and concentration were difficult at

Ghouls are rather more at a disadvantage where hese powers are concerned — though each ghoul has an almost
instinctive grasp of the half-physical, half-telekinctic focus for superhuman strength. (This instinct apparently stems
from a chemical stimulation of the still-l bly tied toa functional endocrine system; the proof

iving brain. It is inextrical
lies in the fact that not all Cainites manifest this instinctive strength upon the Embrace, as I will gladly affirm from
personal experience. This power manifests in animals as well, so | am forced to discard any theories of psychosomatic
cause, unless the psychological trigger is so primitive in nature, such as the "fight or flight" adrenaline response, that
itexists even in invertebrate animals.)

Strength comes easily enough, and the newly ghouled individual may more than double his lifting capacity with
is emaining, However, any arcana beyond this Tevel (with the obvious exceptions of rapid healing, quickening and so
on) are intensely difficult for a ghoul to master. In one case, I began simultaneously training a Jocal neonate (a rather
dull-witted Gangrel) and my ghoul assistant in the rudiments of cloaking oneself in shadow. Although the neonate was
intellectually quite inferior to Dr. Reage, he learned the trick in roughly half the time it took her.

Itseems that ghouls have more facility for physical arcana — the enhancement of speed, endurance and so forth —-
than for more specialized talents. However, the subtler abilities are not out of reach. My assistant, for example, has learned
not only great strength and endurance, but also the basics of stealth, hypnotism and other, more ‘complex arts. She has
demonstrated an adequate aptituce, but seems incapable of learning anything more complex than aura scrutiny oF walking
unseen. I believe that the potency of the domitor's blood has a direct influence on the powers a choul may attain — My late
‘childe (whom I shall not mention again) similarly believed in teaching his ghouls vampiric arts, but the luckless servants
could progress no further than the most childlike basics. Certainly, his vitae did not carry enough of Caine's vigor!

Finally, it is my contention that for a ghoul to learn certain clan-specific abilities, she requires blood from an
appropriate donor. I base this on Case Study 19-2, wherein I bade a Gangrel lackey instruct three ghouls (each chosen
for similar levels of mental acuity) in the art of form-shifting. One ghoul was battened on the Gangrel's own vitae;

another was nourished on that of a Toreador neonate; the third drank of my own vitae. (I should here note that | had
‘at the time learned some skill in this Protean art.) Although the period of instruction was typically slow, the Gangrel's
arned the art of nightvision first. The ghoul fed on my own vitae learned the same in approximately 175% of

d the Toreador-fed ghoul never managed to pick up the art at all. Our bloodlines are strong indeed!

ghoul le:
the time, an

preservation of the Flesh
itae-borne agent which prevents cell decay; perhaps I never will. Caine's
nscends science as we know it, even today. But it is my theory that the process of entropic arrest is
electrochemical in living beings, where the vitae "programs" cells to cease division and decay. The energy necessary
to maintain this is provided by an innate, as yet unquantifiable element in the Blood. Apparently, the metabolic
processes that work on vitae produce not nourishment, but energy C0 fuel this state. The conscious mind can override
this process — for instance, commanding muscle cells to reproduce in order to heal a wound. However, if the Blood is
not consciously cannibalized to produce a supernatural effect, by default it maintains tissue integrity.
The Blood, once properly diffused through our flesh, staves off the process of cell decay indefinitely. In fact, our
bodies do not decay even when we have not ‘drunk for years — only Final Death robs us of agelessness. (A possible
be that grotesque bloodline known as Samedi — apparently some peculiar condition of the Embrace
ortheir Bloodaccelerates decay into their wretched, half-rotten state, but thenholdsthem at said state of decomposition
indefinitely. I believe this deformity to be cosmetic in nature; the single ed demonstrated no
significant deterioration of physical or mental prowess, short of a gruesomely perve
However, if vitae is delivered to living cells via a working circulatory systems its preservative effects are less
permanent. Ghouls do notage biologically solong as they retain the Blood in their veins; wean them, and aging resumes
within the month. Just as with a dead vampire, an ex-ghoul rapidly advances to the biological age befitting her
chronological age. This can' be traumatic and often gruesomely fatal when the Blood has preserved an individual beyond
her natural life span. Lam still unsure why a ghoul's body (ora vampire's corpse) does not begin aging in the usual fashion
from the point of weaning. The perversity may stem from Caine's curse; another likely possibility is that an allergic

© seaction takes place upon the purgation of the last drops of vitae.

Thave yet to isolate the enzyme or other vi
very nature tral

exception would
Samedi specimen | observ
Se personality-)

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson

A final theory suggests that a chemical- or even energy-based carrier agent present in vitae is flushed from the system.
fully only over the course of a month or so. (Again, experiments suggest that this duration is almost exactly equal to an
actual lunar cycle, the implications of which are quite interesting.) Tissue detached from a living ghoul does not begin
decay immediately; when compared with tissue removed from a human subject, putrefaction is indeed delayed. The
difference is minimal, and hinges on the size of the severed portion of flesh; at sizes of an ounce or so, the difference can
be noted only with preternaturally close observation.

On a related note, your beneficence and puissance have afforded me the opportunity to study a ghoul of great age
— yes, one among your defeated rival's batch was an "heirloom" of sorts. According to her rather unlettered account,
she was 800 years old. Such prolonged existence had worked a number of curious effects on her psychological makeup,
including rather aggrieved paranoia; what's more, she seemed to have overcome the majority of the Blood Bond's power,
but remained slavishly submissive to her dead domitor, fearing the sudden and hideous death that weaning would
undoubtedly grant. Physically, her digestive system had adapted quite nicely to ingesting vitae. She seemed able to process
the Blood into a more economical form, granting her a capacity for vitae 140% that of a younger ghoul.

The "immortality" of ghoulhood, however, does not affect the glands or other bodily processes. Ghouls still
manufacture saliva, phlegm, digestive acid and the usual fluids. Females continue to menstruate unless impregnated (see
below for specifics), and their hair and fingernails grow at the usual rate. In effect, it is as if a ghoul relives the same day
over and over again: His beard may grow, his body may become unpleasantly odoriferous, he becomes hungry, but no
deterioration of the body or mind takes place while the Blood runs in his veins. A ghoul who is given vitae and nothing
else to feed upon becomes malnourished and weak, and may lose some supernatural efficacy as his system metabolizes the
Blood to run the most basic life processes.

Pathology

Despite their immunity to the ravages of time, ghouls may take sick as do any other mortals. Vitae conveys no innate
immunity to disease, and a ghoul may well be stricken by a blood-borne ailment such as HIV, transmitted by a careless
domitor. | would humbly advise caution in feeding, my lord, if only to prevent unnecessary attrition of one's household!

Of course, ghouls are not defenseless against pathological threats. They may use the Blood to heal themselves of the
physical symptoms of many ailments, much as they might heal lacerations or contusions. However, diseases that cause
prolonged deterioration may prove more difficult to resist. For example, most cancers cannot be undone by a judicious

"use of vitae. Happily, a cancer is halted in its progression while its host is ghouled, becoming effectively benign. If the

_ subject is weaned, however, the cancer resumes growth at the same (often frustratingly unpredictable) rate as that of

"renewed aging. Again, this may prove fatal.

Hemophilia and other inherited blood diseases are easily countered by ensuring that one's ghoul retains no blood

Wof her own in her circulatory system. Of course, this requires constant feeding if she makes use of vitae often, and can
Abe troublesome. Each domitor must judge whether or not a particular servant is worth the inconvenience.

- Bodllly Requirements
i This "immortality" is naturally contingent not only on a diet of vitae, but also on more basic requirements, such as
[food and drink. The Blood may sustain our forms indefinitely, but it is not in itself sufficient to fuel a living being! I'm
certain I need not dwell overmuch on the base needs of the human body; the subject certainly seems distasteful to many
; Kindred. But even the haughtiest Ventrue, glad to be free of the onerous demands of biology, should take pains not to
© distance herself overmuch from the human experience. Food matters little to us Cainites, naturally, and most vampires
prefer to leave their ghouls to the business of feeding themselves however they must. However, I recommend taking an
interest in the diet of one's servants — after all, nutrition is nutrition, and a healthy body can make more use of the Blood.
A frail child with supernaturally enhanced physical prowess can make a surprising assassin, but if the same child is given
a nourishing diet and appropriate exercise, her potential is vastly increased.

On a similar note, ghouls of sexual adulthood (and particularly adolescents) do indeed feel sexual desire (perhaps
even more so than before beginning a diet of vitae). I feel this requirement should at least be considered by the wise
domitor. 1 myself have provided ghouls with the occasional incubus or succubus, so to speak, so that they might
appropriately slake their lusts. The closer the partner matches the ghoul's fantasies, the more satisfied the servant. Of
course, | by no means advocate catering to a retainer's every desire — the ghoul is, of course, there to serve the domitor's
wishes, and not vice versa! A spoiled ghoul is a useless ghoul, and best destroyed. But the occasional carrot added to a
tradition of discipline obtains most gratifying results, and reinforces a ghoul's loyalty beyond even the Blood Bond.

Hot ttt ppt ed dd dy

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

biped editdddad

Science, I believe, is currently at a loss to explain thoroughly the healing processes the Blood makes possible. The
biblical quote, "The blood is the life," seems to sum it up best. Vitae is distilled life — it fuels our activities, it preserves
our bodies in the semblance of health, and it even simulates the biological processes of healing.

With the ghoul, simulation is not necessary. The regenerative capabilities of a ghoul seem at first identical to ours,
butsuch is not the case. Remember that a ghoul is still mortal, andas such, his body will naturally repair all but che most
grievous wounds in time.

When a ghoul metabolizes vitae to heal an injury, he is in fact quickening his own healing process, much as he might

" anhance his speed or strength. The familiar processes of clotting and cell repair take place as usual, only ata remarkable
fate. This is quite unlike our own regenerative capabilities, which imitate life's healing procedures, but much more
loosely. As evidence, I proffer this question: You have never healed an unfortunate injury, only to discover that scab tissue

formed on the wound and then fell away, have you? Of course not. Our dead flesh merely regrows, reverts to the familiar

shape it held at the time of the Embrace.

The only marked difference in a ghoul's improved healing process is the speed at which it takes place, with one
exception. Given an adequate supply of vitae and time, a ghoul may actually regenerate Jost organs or limbs. (Naturally,
© this is not automatic, and requires deliberate concentration. Weaker-willed or younger ghouls often prove incapable of

such regeneration.) But even this improvement is not without precedent in Nature; consider the amputated starfish, if

you will. It is, of course, remarkable that vitae allows a ghoul to regenerate her own flesh (which is at amuch more highly
evolved level of cell structure and biological complexity than any invertebrate's), but this only further attests to the truly
miraculous properties of the Blood, a subject upon which I'm sure we may all wax most poetic. 1 shall leave such
elaboration to the Toreador, however, and return to the subject at hand.

Quickening

The process of metabolizing vitae to augment one's physical capabilities is rather instinctively familiar. The nature
of this quickening is not entirely unlike the metabolization of caloric energy; to wit, the ability to draw energy from food.
However, this cannot be ascribed to simple digestion. We are able to command this extra surge of strength or speed at
will, not as an automatic function occurring some time after the intake of blood. What's more, the atrophy of our unused
t that possibility — for us Kindred, of course.

digestive systems quite rules ou
The flood of energy provided by said quickening does not appear to be measurable by scientific instruments.
f lifting capacity and reaction speed), the

Although the results are quantifiable (see attached notes on progression of
proces itselfhas thus far proved perceptible only through the enhanced senses granted by Caine's legacy. Though loath
to do so, the scientist in me must give way to the vampire and cite the supernatural as the origin of said power.

Blood Within the Veins

We vampires, of course, do not store our blood within our circulatory systems; there is little need for that. Our dead
d. But the living must conduct their circulatory affairs in the usual way.

tissue absorbs blood into itself of its own accor
Once vitae is ingested, it passes very quickly (like alcohol) into the circulatory system. Plasma and all, it saturates
into the veins, back to the heart, and from there

the interior walls of the digestive tract and quickly finds its way
throughout the body. Naturally, he human circulatory system has a finite capacity; one cannot feed a ghoul overmuch
vitae without first letting some of his own blood. Regular feeding, however, increases the vitae/blood ratio. If fed nightly
(acumbersome burden, but potentially useful), a ghoul will eventually assimilate enough vitae that nothing remains of
~ the human blood; however, if such regular sustenance stops, then the body will eventually metabolize the vitae (while
manufacturing more blood to keep levels at a steady whole) to stave off the aging process.
Naturally, using the Blood to quicken one's prowess or to fuel one's arcane abilities consumes vitae all the faster, even.
more quickly than the body may replace it. Overexuberant ghouls often find themselves gasping for breath like beached
salmon, wondering why their strength has failed them. The symptoms of rapid blood loss are familiar to any Cainite; |

© ecommend one train more valuable ghouls to conserve their abilities, and leave the last-ditch struggling to more

- disposable servants.

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson

m with actual blood in about a month's time. i"

[have observed that the human body replaces the vitae in its syste
In fact, itappears that said metabolism takes almost exactly the same time asa lunar cycle. While some Philistines may
scoff and make crude jokes apropos the menstruation process, I think this timing may in fact reflect something deeper.

Much of supernature has been linked, deservedly or no, with the moon. The possibility chat our.own salty tides are
likewise regulated by Hecate's silvery face does not seem all that far-fetched.

Animal Ghouls

My research into the physiognomy ‘of animal ghouls has been less extensive. My de;
veterinary medicine, and regardless, the majority opinion among Kindred maintains that human ghouls are far more:
veal, However, I have conducted some perfunctory zoological research in the interim since yout grant.

First, | must note that ghouling is ineffective in animals below a certain body weight. Even tripling a songbird's
strength affords very little practical application, and further, the animal metabolizes the Blood in a matter of weeks,

True efficiency comes only from ghouling a creature five kilograms or greater in weight. (As a side note, Ihave
discovered that repeated ghouling e haps 5% of test subjects.

ffects an increase in size among some animals, perl
Nosferatu and [I am told] Tzimisce vitae seem to be most conducive to this increase; a sample rat tripled its body mass
‘over the period of about a year. This is assuredly

something to research further.)

Ghouled animals, even the higher primates, are rather limited in their supernatural efficacy. They gain the
increase in strength common to all ghouls, and also undergo the requisite halt in aging. They may indeed learn toheal
their wounds more rapidly, but apparently some instruction from the domitor must come before they realize that such
a thing is possible. It is frankly impossible, however, to instruct ghoul beast in arts more complex than quickening
its physical abilities. A vitae-fattened dog may rend steel with its jaws, orendure high-caliber bullet wounds, butasking
it to learn anything more is futile, even if you can converse with it via a Gangrelesque trick of the Blood.

Personally, I attribute this to the nature of evolution, and present it as ev idence that we vampires are an
evolutionary step above the still-biological kine. The greatest gifts of Caine are available only to us, most likely owing
to our advanced states of thought and perception. A ghoul, even granted the gift of the Blood, does not possess the
mental, even spiritual, sophistication to master the powers avail

lable to the weakest neonate. Lesser animals are even

more handicapped.
In the future, I fully intend to expand on the thoughts presented here and further investigate the heights of mental
fevolution beyond the biological. | am happy to

he better to explore my theories o}
ance in this endeavor, and [am certain that his insights will be invaluable.

grees do not lie in the field of

acuity and perception available to us, t
say that my sire has agreed to be of some assist

Blood of the Clan

But what, I understand you may ask, of the characteristics shared by a clan? Of the horrid disfigurements of the
Nosferatu and Samedi, or the rarefied tastes of the Ventrue? From what | have observed, I believe that these may be
passed to a ghoul by regular feeding, although never to the extent that a Cainite might demonstrate.

Obviously, the "flaws" of each distinct clan are not casually passed along with their vitae. (Otherwise we would
have any number of paired Cainite "lovers" of indiscriminate dlansa Brujah would display not only his innate tendency
for rage, but the solipsistic hedonism of his Toreador companion, to say nothing of the pair's aptitudes for the skills
andareana of each clan! Our society would soon decay intoa seething cauldron of Caitiff —ah, but | beg your pardon
for my digression.) But the mortal form is somewhat more susceptible to change than the undead frame. Even as we
revert nightly to the hairstyle and fingernail-length we wore in the Embrace, our forms are "locked," if you will, more
tightly into the characteristics of our clans. The blood of our sires has seeped into every cell of our beings, and so we

are eternally Ventrue, Malkavian, Gangrel and soon. (Certainly this isa great disadvantage to the dreadful Lasombra

and Tzimisce, who cannot strive for the perfection that their Antediluvian sires never attained!)
Tiving tissue will notbe so easily shackled. Feed a healthy Cainite s steady diet

But the remarkable adaptability of
‘of Nosferatu vitae, and (apart from a possible physical nausea) she will remain as fresh and fair as ever. Place a mortal
on the same diet, and eventually his complexion will begin to worsen. A ghoul may never achieve the same
_ physiological extremes as his domitor (imagine the sorry luck of the Samedi if this were otherwise!), but he may well
© "evince recognizable characteristics of his "clan."
¥ Thisis, interestingly enough, not always the case. Some mortals display a certain resistance to the vitae-inflicted
"flaws" of many clans. My extended studies suggest that perhaps one ghoul in seven evinces such immunity to specific
| figure. 1 presume that such resistant humans

bloodline characteristics, but please do not hold me to this conjectural
gre more desirable as ghouls, and therefore more likely tobe kepton indefinitely. My studies suggest that this immunity

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


is primarily genetic in nature, and a recessive trait, | believe. However, it also seems possible, given the variable
characteristics of clan vitae, that this immunity might be an acquired trait for some ghouls. The specifics elude me for
the nonce. I believe a prolonged study over some generations of ghouls may be the only way to answer this question with
certainty. Suffice to say that this immunity exists, and | encourage you to make what use of this information you can, until
time permits further clarification.

Overdosing

While we are discussing diet-related quirks of ghoul biology, | feel it necessary to provide a word or three on
overfeeding. Yes, ghouls can drink too much vitae. This is logically an uncommon phenomenon — the majority of
Cainites do not possess a surplus of vitae such that their ghouls are given opportunity to drink to their gluttonous content.
Among those who possess the means, the intent is rarely present. (Again, what use is there of spoiling one's retainers?)

Ifa ghoul happens to overdose — that is, to inject until his veins are thoroughly filled with vitae and then to fill his
belly to capacity — some peculiarities result. First, the capacity for frenzy is heightened even further, as if the ghoul now
possesses a Beast akin to our own. Second, the oversaturation of vitae affects fluid generation; the ghoul's tears, sweat,
saliva, mucus, semen and other secretions become permeated with vitae, displaying a reddish tint and faint odor of the
Blood. Third, if the vitae is largely that of a single clan, the ghoul will adopt in full any disfigurements that the bloodline
bears. Finally, his blood becomes very oxygenated, which affects brain functions. The benefit is that his reaction speed
becomes slightly heightened, allowing for superior results in dangerous situations. However, the overdosing ghoul also
becomes subject to hallucinations, and may prove dangerously erratic. In some ghouls, | have also noticed that overdosing
causes a condition similar to caisson disease (or, less formally, the bends). The transitions of oxygen and nitrogen in the
Blood cause intense pain and paralysis in these wretches; those who lack the presence of mind (or stamina) to immediately

metabolize enough vitae to undo the overdose may even die.

Withdrawal

An equally interesting phenomenon, of course, is that of withdrawal: the state induced by the deliberate withholding
of vitae. It is this state, the subject of much lurid rumor but little concrete analysis, that leads me to conclude that
recalcitrant or inefficient ghouls are best off simply destroyed, and that the majority of one's servitors should be rewarded
and punished by means other than the Blood.

The Blood is not, to the best of my understanding, physically addictive in the manner of nicotine and heroin. The
psychological ramifications of withdrawal, however, can be deleterious, for the ghoul and for others in the vicinity.
Lacking the substance that has become the crux of his existence, the erstwhile ghoul becomes as pathologically,
| desperately cunning as a "dope fiend" denied his fix; he will wheedle, demand and in some cases try to force vitae from
his domitor ot other known vampires. Such pathetic spectacles are, of course, generally laughable, but the wise domitor
will nonetheless realize the expediency of taking precautions against a retainer spurned.

It is the extreme cases of withdrawal psychosis that provoke such bemusement on the part of Kindred, and which
might well have led to the negative connotations surrounding the word "ghoul." The withdrawn mortal, sensing an
emptiness, a need, and denied the "legitimate" means of satisfying his craving, often sublimates the lust for vitae into.a
lust for substances garnered in similar predatory fashion. Remembering the increased carnal appetites stoked in his Blood-
permeated brain, the ghoul embarks on a wild and somewhat totemistic spree, desperately attempting to "glut" his
emptiness on the bodies of his fellow mortals. This phenomenon is, of course, reminiscent of certain primitive tribal
societies whose members ate their foes in order to siphon their courage or power. Fortunately for our Masquerade, of
course, American society has grown inured, indeed somewhat blasé, to cases of "cannibal rape fiends" and the like.

Ghoul Reproduction

AsI mentioned before, the reproductive capabilities of the average ghoul are in no way stunted by a steady diet of vitae.
In fact, evidence suggests that the stimulation of blood flow during coitus enhances the experience, although not always in
amanner that the participants find suitably pleasurable (see Case Studies 33-1, 33-2, 33-3, 33-4, 33-5, 33-6, 33-7). However,
orgasmic pleasure is hardly the most relevant subject to a Cainite master. Of far more interestare the particulars of conception:
specifically, the details of pregnancy and childbearing. (Although male ghouls are certainly virile enough to make adequate
stud animals, the vitae in their veins does far less to influence the characteristics of their offspring.)

—TTTtrtreieéiri?rdrdtsi
Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson

| a


babbbbbe dbbee

Ifa ghoul with regular access to vitae is impregnated, her child will almost certainly be ghouled as well.
Interestingly, the positive influences of Kindred vitae are passed through the placental transfer, so the ghouling of
the child takes place almost immediately after the fertilized egg attaches to the wall and begins to develop. Now, as
I've mentioned before, the retardation of the aging process centers on the Blood, hampering the process of cell
replication and decay. Yes, this effect holds true fi

for fetus as well as mother — so long as the mother is fed a steady
supply of vitae, the embryo cannot replicate its c
her diet of vitae, she cannot bring the child to t

ells, cannot grow, cannot age. Unless the mother is removed from
erm.

Naturally, this poses something of a problem when one intends to breed one's ghouls.
hope to use one's oldest ghoul servants as brood mares, especially when they have outlasted their natural life spans.
This complication leads many a vampire to prefer male ghouls exclusively, as they can be bred regularly without
impediment to their regular duties. (If the ghoul is part of a human culture that encourages having many children,
all the better. One's pet breeding programs can be socially viewed as the model of family virtue —both maintaining
the Masquerade and providing a delicious sense of irony.)

Ghouling a gravid female can have other difficulties. The fetus, for one, may well develop the typical ghoul's
affinity for superhuman strength, often with gruesome results. The approach of ghouling the mother to imbue her
with supernatural endurance during labor is another chancy proposition. The mother's affinities would lie first with
gaining Potence, and during the stress of labor she might well lose control of her newly supernatural strength and
miscarry.

Certainly, one cannot

One Option some domitors exercise is that of reghouling a retainer during the eighth month, then inducing labor
shortly afterward. I consider this course risky as well; it often hinges on how quickly the mother is capable of
relearning the ways of Fortitude (as well as her self-control). [ personally recommend allowing the mother to give

birth in the usual manner, ghouling her before delivery only iflabor proves intensely dificult. The risk of miscarriage
is a trivial thing; better to save the cow and spill the milk than vice versa.

The Revenants

Naturally, no discussion of ghoul reproduction would be complete without turning to the subject of the horribly
misnamed revenants — the ghoul families of the Sabbat. Certainly these cannibalistic,
exemplify every inch the connotative meaning of "ghoul,"

necrophiliac wretches
physiological. Hence, I shall keep my opinions to myself:

but the observation is a psychological one, rather than
and proceed, pausing only to wonder at the reasoning behind
the term "revenant" (the original meaning, "one who returns," seems to apply more to a Cainite than to a living
being). However, for the sake of continuity, I shall refer to these hell-kites as "revenants" hereafter.

From what I have learned to date, at least three ghoul families serve the Sabbat. | have discovered the surnames
of two, the Bratovitches and Zantosas; the identity of the third eludes me. Many of these ghouls are quite inbred,
and often manifest the genetic deformities one would expect. The result of an intensive breeding program begun.
centuries ago, the revenants have lived so long with vitae in their veins that they have actually become capable of
manufacturing the Blood themselves, although it is certainly of lesser potency.
(Upon sampling blood from several revenants of va
Toreador vitae with which you have thoughtfully provid
inferior. If, metaphorically speaking,

to wine of varying quality. It cannot

rious breeds and ages, and comparing the taste to the
led me, I can honestly say that the revenant blood is far
vampiric vitae is nectar, and human blood mere ale, then revenant blood is akin

compare to vampiric blood, but has a definite strength and character. However,
the blood of more inbred revenants tends tobe identifi

able by atannic aftertaste. Certainly, avoid supping from those
whose parents were too closely related.)

Although revenants are still reliant on ingested vitae to hale d

to grant them many advantages. Their Blood is sufficiently powerful to accelerate their healing processes, as usual
They may learn and use the arts of the Blood with great facility, and the subject I examined showed level of arcane

| Mastery comparable to that of a fledgling Cainite. They may also use their Blood to fuel these arts, although this
Practice may weaken them if the;

'y metabolize too much of their own vitae. Their aging processes have been retarded,
and I believe that a revenant, even without ingesting Cainite vitae, ages at roughly one-quarter the rate of anormal
person.

heir aging processes, their natural reserves suffice

Ican anticipate your next question. If their breeding years are so extended, wl
Zantosa whelps? Simply put, the retarded cell growth and decay afforded by
The gestation period I observed in one Bratovitch mother lasted for three
takes a revenant child almost 50 years to reach puberty,

hy have we not been overrun by
their vitae similarly affects their young.
years, roughly one year per trimester. It
from what I understand. Obviously, such children are never

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

a fleshcrafting patron may change the outw:

re than a few years at a time. Presumably,
the endocrine system bestows true

reared in public schools for mot
form to give a cosmetic appearance of adulthood (grafting on flesh if needed), but

maturity at its own pace.
s of such a long childhood are equally fascinating,

The psychological effect
qualified to explore such a conundrum.

Ghouling the Prodigies

comes of ghouling magi, Lupines, or other supernatural creatures? T regret to inform you

his field are still far from complete. However, I have made some progress in recent years.
.d to resort to extreme subterfuge to experiment

machines Bound to oneself, and suffused with
be violently allergic to vitae, vomiting
Lobserved; perhaps this allergy is
the inaccessibility of tractable

bur I believe that my assistant is more

Finally, you may ask, what
that, at this time, my studies in t
Owing to the difficulty of taking Lupit

with ghouling the wolves. The advantage
Potence besides — but alas, it is not to be so easy as that. Lupines seem to

immediately upon ingestion of the Blood. At least such was the case with the Lupines
agenetic trait and would not be present in werewolves of different ancestry. Once more,
subjects, even to Cainites of my resources, limits experimentation.

Of course, continuing any genetic studies would require more time than | hav
research time in other parallel endeavors, including the possibility of ghouling one of
Lobserved (an associate of a local Toreador, and from something of an epicurean, Dionysian scl
any other mortal would to the Blood. This merely reinforced my opinion of magi as nothing more

‘ones possessed of some arcane knowledge.

Thad originally considered the concept of ghouling a ghost to be laughable, much like attempting to catch mist in
cheesecloth. Buta Samedi ancilla was able to convince me that some ghosts may take physical form fora short time, and
might well eatand drink as others do. Suffice it to say, however, that even a materialized spirit does not possess the biology
ofa living being. An ectoplasmic form may mimic the flesh only so far, and accurately reproducing the digestive system
would seem to be inefficient, if not impossible. Ghosts, it seems, lie entirely outside the biological realm, my pet area of

interest, and I shall leave it at that.
e Sabbat Infernalists? lam afraid that with no real access

And of the fae, you may ask? Or the demonic lackeys of th
ficient proof of their existence, J must simply confess ignorance.

to identifiable specimens of such, or even sui

Postscript
Such is the abbreviated version of
meand I shall provide them. Ihave herea

ine prisoners alive, I was force
‘of having one of these killing

e available. Instead, 1 invested my
the "wise ones." The magicworker
Jhool) responded much as
than mortals, albeit

xamples and instances, please inform
sed by my assistant, Dr. Nancy Reage,
e in no small way), and I believe
educated ghoul. Her occasional

my findings. If you require more specific 3
{ter enclosed portions of adocument compo
detailing the psychology of the ghoul. Her perspective is quite refreshing (and accurat
you will find that none is more qualified to discuss ghoul psychology than the literate,
lapses from objectivity, I believe, make her work all the more informative.

J hope that this information is useful to you, and that you will henceforth be
your own retainers. Again, I thank you for granting me the resources and opport

he convenience of our kind.
]iremain most humbly and respectfully yours,

able to elicit more efficient results from
unity to explore this subject further for

Dr. Douglas Netchurch
Childe of Trimeggian
Childe of Addemar
Childe of Lamdiel
Childe of Malkav

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson


by Nancy O. Reage, Ph. D.

.--Psychological characteristics of individual
ghouls are largely determined by two discrete
factors: the original personality of the ghoul prior to
the transformation, and the psychological traits
possessed by the ghoul's domitor ("master") when
the blood is initially transfused into the ghoul's
veins. These factors are further complicated by new
ghouls' reactions to their "heredity" and "environ-
ment." The heredity to which | refer is the blood that
the ghoul inherits from the initial domitor, while the
environment comprises the social and emotional
situations in which the ghoul finds herself immedi-
ately after the transformation takes place.

The transformation into ghoulhood itself plays
animportant role ina ghoul's psychological makeup.
Most vampires ghoul humans without prior consent

An Excerpt from "Current Perspectives
on the Psychology of the Ghoul"

from the person involved. When a human becomes
a ghoul, he experiences a reaction similar in some
respects to an abbreviated version of puberty.
Physiologically, the ghoul must cope with profound
stresses related to a sudden chemical imbalance, as
the vampiric vitae bathes the endocrine system,
spinal column and brain.

While all this takes place, the human must con-
tendwitha purely psychological dilemma: His betrayer
(the monster who tricked him into servitude) be-
comes his savior (the provider of "the elixir of life"). A
devil's bargain of sorts has taken place: great powers
provided with little or no consent. This mixed reaction
to the transformation, coupled with the aforemen-
tioned endocrinal stresses, often leads to dramatic
emotional fluctuations similar to those displayed in
manic-depressives (see Case Study 66-2).


Upon receiving a third dosage of blood from a
single vampire, a ghoul demonstrates a tangible and
profound emotional attachment to this vampire and
sometimes to her domitor's vampire family, or
"clan." (It is always the third dose, regardless of
body weight, emotional makeup, or other factors; a
265-pound bouncer assumes this "Blood Bond" no
more or less readily than a 50-pound child.) Al-
though Blood Bond is characterized by such
symptoms as increased heart rate, rapid breathing,
sexual arousal and secretion of testosterone/es-
trogen, the catalyst for these symptoms seems to
be a purely psychological trigger. In other words,
the Blood Bond is, strictly speaking, psychoso-
matic.

In persons who experienced difficulties with
compulsions or addictions in their mundane lives,
the effects of the Blood Bonding process can prove
emotionally traumatic. Upon receiving the first and
second doses of blood, a ghoul feels what can best
be classified as an amphetaminelike hysterical in-
toxication, caused wholly by the chemical interaction
of his blood with his vampire host's. He displays
extreme amounts of energy and feels supernally
vibrant and robust. However, due to the dilution of
the dosage in the human's body, these effects
dissipate within two to four hours after transfusion.

After receiving the third dosage of blood from
an individual vampire, the ghoul is rendered more or
less "addicted" to the blood of his domitor; whether
this addiction is psychosomatic or otherwise is, in
practical terms, irrelevant. He will go to great
lengths in order to inject or ingest larger, more
frequent and more concentrated doses of vampiric
vitae. In laboratory testing, ghouled mice gave up
food pellets and water, needing only vampire blood
to sustain themselves. After ingesting three trace
dosages of the Kindred blood, the mice also gave up
sleep and exercised on their wheels for periods as
much as 10 times longer than before they were
Blood Bound.

In Blood Bound humans, the need for Kindred
blood becomes so urgent that the ghoul becomes
absolutely obsessed with pleasing her domitor.
Often this dependency on the domitor's approval
and blood evolves into what many ghouls consider
alove relationship, albeit a rather codependent and
often masochistic one. It is not uncommon for a
ghoul to disregard any flaws her domitor may have
and "put him on a pedestal." To the Blood Bound
ghoul, her domitor can do no wrong; he has gifted
her with his transcendent vitae, a gift for which she

owes him eternal devotion and love, even if the
domitor routinely punishes her in exceedingly harsh
corporal fashion (see Case Study 66-4).

Most domitors do not treat their ghouls with
such negative reinforcement. They realize that in
order to have a ghoul obey their orders, he must be
consistently rewarded, or at least so addicted to
vampire vitae that he salivates with anticipation at
the mere hint of being assigned a tedious task. This
is the Pavlovian method of ghoul discipline and
conditioning to which most domitors subscribe for
general purposes.

Certain domitors, however, employ sterner dis-
ciplinary procedures. Some of these vampiric masters
— usually themselves suffering from neurological
disorders or psychoses (compare Case Studies 14-
2 and 14-5) — use ghouls as "human pincushions":

Derangements

Ghouls are just as prone to Derangements

» as are vampires — indeed, some are even

more likely to flip, given their subservient

status and abusive masters. Ghouls can gain

Derangements in the same ways vampires can

— and the Storyteller can simply assign a

Derangement by fiat if, for example, the ghoul

suffers particularly severe abuse, is forced to

betray his loved ones, or kills his own child in
a frenzy....

Derangements common among ghouls in-
clude Obsession, Manic-depression (Renfield
Syndrome), Regression, and Perfection. Ghouls
also suffer from Derangements unique to their

«kind; these conditions are described below.

sentient beings whom they can subject to physical
and emotional tortures. Notwithstanding the dis-
tressing "supernatural" fixation common in the
Kindred community, | have hypothesized that these
domitors are most likely cursed with chemical
imbalances. They commit such acts in order to
release an overabundance of vitae-borne hormones
such as testosterone, which can incite volatile
behaviors when reacting negatively with neurotrans-
mitters suchas endorphins, dopamine and serotonin.
As indicated by my research, this overabundance of
hormones in the domitor abusers nearly mirrors the
hormonal composition ordinarily found in human
child abusers, serial killers, rapists, etc. In many

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson

cases where a domitor suffers from such a chemical
imbalance, it can be passed on to the newly created
ghoul through the transfusion of blood.

But Kindred psychosis is a topic for another
time. In any event, this succession of stimuli con-
tributes to the rather dichotomous personality of
the typical ghoul; one moment she is submissive
and slavish, the next she has a violent tantrum and
feels a tremendous need for physical release of
some sort. (As most readers are doubtless aware,
a ghoul who displays such outbursts must often be
locked away until her domitor sedates her or the
intensity of the transfused blood dissipates.) It can
take anywhere from a few days to three weeks for
the effects of freshly transfused vampire vitae to
diminish in intensity. The ghoul often suffers from
feelings of abandonment during this period, and
when the outbursts subside, she commonly experi-
ences a period of severe depression until she is
given another dosage of blood. Domitors must feed
their ghouls blood at least once monthly; at the end
of a third week with no proverbial "fix," the ghoul
displays suicidal tendencies if he feels he is in danger
of not being tended to.

This manic-depressive cycle in ghouls, known
colloquially as Renfield Syndrome, is not really very
rare, as even domitors who do not have chemical
imbalances seem to enjoy the feelings of power
they possess when they treat their "bad" ghouls
harshly. Obviously, Renfield Syndrome will never
grace the pages of the DSM-IV; | will, however, take
the liberty of classifying the disorder as a form of
biogenic psychosis (a psychosis associated with
known physical conditions).

Dr. Netchurch has informed me that vampires
among the Camarilla's rival sect, the Sabbat, have
been known to espouse highly aberrant but unques-
tionably advanced theories concerning the study of
ghouls. In particular, he makes mention of a Sabbat
vampire clan, the Tzimisce (zuh-MEE-see, d'ZY-
muh-zee), which has refined the study to a science
unknown among its Camarilla enemies. Unfortu-
nately, hostilities between the sects, as well as the
cultural practices of this Tzimisce clan itself (which
are by all accounts exceedingly antisocial), render
the possibility of data exchange highly unlikely.

Other Disorders Prevalent
Among Ghouls

¢ Severe Dysmenorrheic Psychosis
(SDP) — This disorder manifests itself in approxi-
mately 30-40% of "healthy" female ghouls who
continue to have regular menstrual cycles after

the transformation into ghoulhood. Aside from
painful menstrual cramps, the victim suffers from
bouts of severe depression and paranoid delu-
sions during her period. These episodes usually
last from five to seven days, depending on the
average length of the ghoul's menstrual cycle and
the amount of blood lost during the cycle. If a
ghoul has not yet ingested her required monthly
dose of vampire vitae by the time her menstrual
cycle begins, the blood loss that occurs during her
menstrual period has traumatic psychological ef-
fects. The ghoul feels that she is about to die, and
she becomes extraordinarily paranoid about not
being tended to by her domitor. During the onset
of SDP, the ghoul bursts into hysterics at every
perceived slight, literally deathly afraid that her
domitor will fail to replenish the dwindling supply

of vampire vitae in her bloodstream. There is no |

known cure for Severe Dysmenorrheic Psychosis,
although Dr. Netchurch has formulated a serum
that alleviates some of the disorder's symptoms.
This drug has not been approved by the Food and
Drug Administration and is currently available only
on the black market or through the express
permission of Dr. Netchurch.

(As a Derangement: Whenever the appro-
priate conditions exist, the ghoul loses two points
of temporary Willpower; these points return at the
end of the menstrual cycle.)

¢ Animalistic Hysteria — Animalistic Hys-
teria — the vaunted "frenzy" so often spoken of
in Kindred circles — poses a constant threat to
many ghouls, even those who seem to retain
control of their half-vampiric natures. This behav-
ioral disorder can strike a ghoul at any time —
often, embarrassingly enough, when he is in the
company of mortals. It is thankfully only a tempo-
rary condition in most ghouls, but it becomes
much more difficult for the half-mortal ghoul to
interact with humans when he is in the throes of
hysterical rage. The ghoul, often not realizing that
his "Beast" (vampiric nature) is taking over, feels
tremendous shame and guilt when he succumbs
to Hysteria in front of humans. After such an
episode occurs, he often grows fearful of punish-
ment by his domitor, who may instinctively know
that the attack occurred even if she is not present
(see Case Study 15-4, involving myself and Dr.
Netchurch).

Animalistic Hysteria is triggered by sensory,
environmental, physical or emotional stimuli that
the ghoul construes as negative: feelings of infe-
riority to his domitor; abandonment by his domitor;
his domitor becoming injured; overdose or lack of

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


vampire blood; unrequited romantic feelings for
his domitor; grave physical endangerment; or
being forced to commit acts in violation of his
moral, cultural, or ethical codes. Really, any stressful
situation may cause the ghoul to enter frenzy; the
triggers vary according to the individual ghoul's
perceptions and past experiences.

Electroconvulsive therapy — ECT, more com-
monly known as "shock treatment" — has been
utilized more effectively in the treatment of se-
vere frenzy attacks than have various drug
treatments. Because 80% of ghoul study sub-
jects' hysteria symptoms cease within five hours
of the initial attack, the best treatment may be
none at all. In cases where ghouls experience
frenzy for more than 48 consecutive hours, how-
ever, they may prove unresponsive to anything
short of lobotomy or hypnosis. Drug treatment is
often to be avoided because many of the
psychopharmaceuticals presently available have
adverse effects when introduced into a vitae-
permeated bloodstream. These drugs can, in fact,
increase the intensity of the symptoms evident
during hysterical episodes.

(As a Derangement: All ghouls run the risk
of frenzy, but a ghoul who gains Animalistic Hysteria
as a specific Derangement must check against
difficulties equal to those of vampires. Bratovitch
revenants automatically suffer from similar afflic-
tions and thus may not gain Animalistic Hysteria.)

 Self-defeating Personality Disorder—
More commonly known as masochism, Self-defeat-
ing Personality Disorder appears routinely in ghouls,
particularly those ghouls in vassalage to Cainite
"elders." The servitors in question seem compul-
sively drawn into situations or relationships that
they knowwill cause them intense pain (often to the
detriment of their mortal liaisons). They make
numerous sacrifices, often needless ones, in the
names of their domitors. These disturbed ghouls
often have difficulty relating to other ghouls, mor-
tals or vampires who treat them with respect.

Contrary to common opinion, many ghouls
who display signs of Self-defeating Personality
Disorder do not necessarily enjoy pain and suffer-
ing; most sufferers of this disorder simply fear to
assert themselves to their domitors. Others were
abused or sexually molested as mortals, and do
not know how to be treated any differently. Still
others deny that they are being abused, as they
feel sacrifices must be made in exchange for the
eternal life provided by their domitors. Finally, a
few ghouls rationalize that they are being right-
fully punished for "sinning" against the God in
which they believed during mortal years.

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson


Self-defeating Personality Disorder usually goes
untreated, as many domitors prefer their ghouls
to be somewhat submissive. Often this disorder is
accompanied by promiscuity in the ghoul, who
may receive sexual gratification from pain, feeling
that this is the only form of attention she gets
from her domitor.

(As a Derangement: The ghoul's Nature
changes to that of Masochist or Martyr. Fulfilling
the conditions of the

he is further discouraged from taking any actions
that would ease his situation. Thus, this disorder
often goes untreated as long as the dependent
ghoul's clingy behavior is reinforced by his domitor.
(As a Derangement: The victim must make
a Willpower roll [usually difficulty 6] to refuse an
order or suggestion from his domitor. The ghoul's
Nature often changes to that of Sycophant.)

what to wear, what to
eat, whom to associate
with, when to go to sleep
and what to enjoy. Most
of this behavior is
brought on by excessive
fear of abandonment.
Fearing disownment, the
ghoul instead tolerates
constant abuse. The
more the ghoul tolerates
others' control over him,
the more he feels help-
less and stupid, and so

It should be noted

Nature is the only way Pick Your Poison that not all ghouls display _
this ghoul can regain Will- (Optional Rules) sucherraticbehaviors, nor
power [i.e., he does not The following rules for blood intake add do all ghouls have person-
regain anautomaticpoint | a highly desirable degree of realism to the ality or behavioral
per story, etc.].) ghouling process, but add greater complex- | disorders. Many ghouls
© Dependent Per- ity and bookkeeping. We recommend these maintain healthy relation-
sonality Disorder — | rules for chronicles in which the players run ships with their domitors,
As the name of this dis- ghoul characters, or in which ghouls play and many domitors show
order implies, a ghoul important roles. respect andadmiration for
possessing it displays A ghoul has a potential Blood Pool of 10, } the work of their ghouls. |

tremendous dependence | just like a human or 13th-generation vampire, | Myself know of a particu-
on others, namely the | but this is normally presumed to be filled with | lar female ghoul whose

domitor or any remain- human blood. A ghoul can't simply ingest five life was saved from men-
ing human contacts he |. Biood Points ina single sitting. Ahuman ghoul | tal and physical
may have after the trans- may comfortably drink two Blood Points of | deterioration because of

formationintoghoulhood | vitae (this is the amount that fits in the | 4 humanitarian vampire
takes place. A ghoul af- | digestive tract). This stomach-borne vitae | domitor who ghouled her
fected by this personality | suffices to empower the ghoul, but only two. | _ before the onset of a ge-
disorder is usually ex- Blood Points may be absorbed through the | "eticallyinheriteddisease.

tremely indecisive —ifit | stomachining in this fashion. Further drinking Human-ghoul, vam-
were up to him, his | does no good unless the ghoul wishes to risk | pire-ghoul and ghoul-
domitor would tell him | an overdose (see below). ghoul relationships are

If a ghoul wants to store more blood | aS complex as relation-
immediately, she must give up some blood | Ships among various
from her circulatory system. Usually the | Species of the animal
domitor drains the ghoul appropriately (an | kingdom. In order to ad-
automatic feat); independents may need to -| vance our knowledge,
make a trip to the Red Cross or do it them- more study and experi-
selves at home (Intelligence + Medicine, | Mentation must be
difficulty 6). A successful roll allows the ghoul conducted. Funds and
to drain her blood and replace it with the | Support are greatly
domitor's blood in such a manner that she | "needed if the Kindred
loses no Health Levels from the process; | Community wishes to
failure indicates that the ghoul loses one to | advanceitsinsights into
three (Storyteller's call) Health Levels from | the mysterious nature
blood loss before the transferal is effected. of the ghoul.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Hard-and-Fast Rules

The following alphabetized list gives pertinent game
mechanics for ghouls' powers and suggests how to handle
various situations that arise in play.

Aging and Elder Ghouls

Aghoul's immunity to aging is naturally contingent on
her supply of vitae. If she misses her monthly feeding, she
could be in real trouble. As long as she is still within her
natural life span, she resumes normal aging. But if she's lived
from 100 to 250 years, then she begins aging at 10 times the
normal rate — a year becomes a decade, and so on. Ghouls
who have lived more than 250 years crumble instantly to
dust if their supply of vitae falters.

On the other hand, elder ghouls gain some benefits —

in many ways, such prolonged exposure to vitae
metamorphoses them into something not quite human.
Elder ghouls and revenants gain additional "storage capac-
ity": For each century of life, an elder revenant gains one
extra point in his Blood Pool, while an elder ghoul can
comfortably drink one extra Blood Point (i.e., a 150-year-
old ghoul can hold three Blood Points in the stomach, a
20-year-old ghoul can hold four, etc.). Elder ghouls who
ate not revenants may also gain additional Blood Points

EYE,

beyond their 10, but at the rate of one per two centuries of
life (so an 850-year-old ghoul has a Blood Pool of 14, 10 of
which can be drunk without bloodletting).

Additionally, the difficulty to effect regeneration de-
creases by one per century.

Animal Ghouls
See the Storytelling Chapter, pp. 103-105.

Blood

Ghouls are much more limited in their use of the Blood
than are vampires. They can burn vitae to enhance Physical
Attributes (up to a maximum of twice the original At-
tribute) and heal wounds, just like vampires. Aggravated
damage affects ghouls in the same manner it affects vam-
pires.

Once vitae is spent, it is gone until replaced (the
exceptions being revenants, who manufacture their own
quasi-Blood). Without any vitae in their systems, ghouls
heal as do mortals (sce the chart on p. 191 of Vampire: The
Masquerade). Ghouls may learn the basics of Disciplines,
but are limited in their mastery of such.

No ghoul can spend more than one Blood Point per tum.
In addition, ghouls suffer if they lose too much blood, just as
humans do. If a ghoul loses more than five Blood Points
(whether vitae or his own blood) at any time, he grows weak

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson.

—each additional Blood Point lost is treated asa Health Level
of damage, although this is instantly cured as soon as he gets
more blood in his system. Ifhe loses more than seven, he must
make a Stamina + Fortitude roll against a difficulty equaling
the number of Blood Points lost (8 or 9); ifhe fails this roll, he
dies. A ghoul who is completely drained of blood dies, but can
become a vampire if fed vitae within a minute or so. An
Embraced ghoul keeps
whateverDisciplineshe

Ghouls with Willpower scores of 5 and below may have to
make Self-Control rolls toavoid takinga third drink, andeven
ghouls with high Willpower scores may have to roll if (in the
Storyteller's opinion) the temptation to drink is strong.
Unlike vampires, ghouls may actually "wean" themselves
ofa Blood Bond by refusing to accept blood from the domitor.
Kindred folklore claims that a year is required to become fully
"emancipated"; in actu-
ality, the time required

already knew, but Provocation Difficulty] gependsontheghoul. Af-
progresses as a vampire Scent of domitor's vitae (when hungry) 3 ter a "dry" period of (12
thereafter. Sight of domitor's vitae (when hungry) 3 months minus Will-
If fed nightly for Taste of blood a! power), aghoul dropsone
longer than a month, a Threatened verbally by domitor "3 level on the Blood Bond
ghoul will begin to as- Use of narcotics of hallucinogens 3] chart (ie., a ghoul who
similate vitae into her Beaten by domitor 4 was fully Bound is consid-
bloodstream. After the Beis atu 4 | credtobetwostepstoward
first month of such feed- pene ce being Bound, etc.). Each
ing, assume that one Domitor showing favor to another ghoul 4 such interval of with-
Blood Point of human Not administered dosage of vitae 4 drawal reduces the Bond
blood transforms into Sight, smell or taste of human family member's blood 4 by one level, until the
vitae per additional Attacked by a Lupine 5 ghoul is "clean."
nightofcontinuousfeed- Overdose of domitor's vitae 5 However, itisby no
ing. This vitae Humiliation in front of mortals. 5 means easy to refuse the
osmotically permeates Humiliation in front of domicor 6 "stuff": At the
the body without the | Ab doament : 6 | Storyteller's option, a

need for draining the

ghoul's human blood.
Thisconversion process continuesat the rate ofone Blood Point
per night, until the ghoul holds a full 10 points of vitae.
However, a ghoul who wishes to maintain this state must
continue to feed nightly. Ifshe misses more than three nights of
feeding, herbody begins to reconvertits vitae to bloodat the rate
of one Blood Point per three nights. Once the reversal has
started, the ghoul may halt it by resuming nightly feeding, but
it takes a full month of nightly feeding for the body to begin the
conversion process once more.

No matter what, though, the body always retains one
Blood Point (the minimum required to power the ghoul).
This last Blood Point is lost only after a full month.

Blood Bond

Ghouls are still biological entities, and so the mechan-
ics of Blood Bonding them differ from those used to govern
vampires. For a ghoul, a Blood Bond is not a sudden plunge
into love, but a gradual slide into an emotional abyss.

After the first drink, a ghoul displays strong feelings
toward the donor (no mechanical effects, but the feelings or
battle to suppress them should be roleplayed). Most inde-
pendent ghouls, especially ones dealing with charismatic or
attractive Kindred, prefer to take one drink and move on.

After the second drink, things aren't so simple; the ghoul
is considered to be under an effect equivalent to a Vinculum
score of 5 (see The Players Guide to the Sabbat, pg. 47).

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

ghoul may have tospend
Willpower points to
avoid the enticement of an ex-domitor's vitae until she is
completely free of the Bond. If the ghoul has an addiction-
prone personality (a Conformist or Child Nature, for
example), she may never completely shake the craving.

Derangements

Ghouls are certainly susceptible to Derangements, and
there are Derangements specific to ghouls. Ghouls' De-
rangements are covered as an addendum to the psychology
notes earlier in this chapter (pp. 26-28).

Disciplines
Ghouls have much more difficulty learning Disciplines
than Kindred do. The powers passed down from Caine reach
their full potency only in his childer; they are practically
alien to the human system.

Asa general rule, a ghoul may learn only those Disci-
plines known by her most recent "donor." (The exceptions
are the "physical" arts of Potence, Fortitude and Celerity,
which are instinctive enough to be accessible to any ghoul.)
An independent wishing to learn Obtenebration must
spend some time feasting on Lasombra vitae; similarly, a
Malkavian's vassal is unlikely to pick up Necromancy.
However, once she's learned a Discipline, any form of vitae
will allow her to use it; revenants may even use their own
vitae to fuel foreign arts such as Serpentis.


Onceaghoul has learneda Discipline, the knowledge will
likely stay with her even if she doesn't practice for a while (if
her vitae supply is cut off, for instance). Once her diet is
restored, she may typically use her Disciplines as usual. Of
course, any unused talent will eventually atrophy — after six
months without drinking vitae, a ghoul loses a dot in a
Discipline. Each month after that, she loses another dot ina
Discipline until all are gone. If the ghoul has any Discipline
levels above 1, due to drinking vitae from low-generation
vampires, these are lost first. What's more, if she has multiple
Disciplines at the same level, the more unfamiliar ones are lost
first; the instinctive Disciplines of Potence, Fortitude and
Celerity are retained the longest. No matter what, the begin-
ning dot in Potence is always the last to go.

(Thisrule also applies to ghouls who havea steady supply
of vitae, but don't have access to the vitae of low-generation
vampires to sustain their more powerful talents. A ghoul with
Fortitude 2 who has been restricted to feeding from 11th-
generation Cainites will eventually drop to Fortitude 1.)

For instance, Raoul's sixth-generation domitor was
slain six months ago, and Raoul hasn't had a drop since. He
had gradually mastered Potence 2, Fortitude 1 and Auspex
1 in his domitor's service, but the glory days are at an end
now. First, Raoul loses a dot of Potence as his highest-rated
Discipline. A dry month later, he loses his meager control of
Auspex. Two weeks later, Raoul finally gets a drink of vitae.
He is now considered to have Potence 1 and Fortitude 1; to
regain his lost Discipline levels, he must learn them anew
through long study and experience-point expenditure. He
cannot relearn Potence 2 unless he has a steady diet of vitae
from a vampire of at least seventh generation.

No ghoul may use any Disciplines without at least a
Blood Point of vitae in her system. Although she may retain
knowledge of how to utilize the Blood, this does little good

for a mere human.

Frenzy

Itis the Storyteller's duty to decide what situations might
provoke frenzy in a ghoul character. While any individual
stimulus is relatively unlikely to send a ghoul into frenzy (on
average, ghouls' frenzy difficulties are three less than vam-
pires'), ghouls experience provocation much more commonly
than vampires do. Ghouls' human natures battle constantly
with their Beasts, and most are not given instruction in how
toprevent their vampiric natures from taking over. Therefore,
ina chronicle involving ghouls, many more frenzy rolls must
be made than in a chronicle involving only vampires.

In order for a ghoul character to resist frenzy, the
ghoul's player must make a Self-Control roll, the difficulty
of which varies. The player must score five successes before
frenzy is overcome completely. With each success rolled,
frenzy is prevented from taking effect for one turn. The
player may not roll more dice than there are points available
inher character's Blood Pool. Difficulties are determined at

the Storyteller's discretion; a chart showing (adjusted)
difficulties for some more common provocationsis provided
on the previous page. (More on frenzy is found in Vampire:
The Masquerade, pp. 195-198.)

These difficulties take into account ghouls' three-point
bonus to avoid frenzy. Ghouls suffering from advanced
Animalistic Hysteria increase these numbers by three (3
becomes 6, etc.).

Overdosing

Ghouls can intake more vitae than their stomachs or
veins can comfortably handle — but this often causes danger-
ous side effects. For each point of Stamina a ghoul has, she can
"cram" an extra Blood Point into her gullet or veins. Ifa ghoul
imbibes more vitae than she can contain, she must make a
Stamina check (difficulty 8). If she succeeds, she may use the
excess blood normally. Ifshe fails, though, she suffers a Health
Level of damage per Blood Point above her maximum. More-
over, the excess blood can't be used to increase Attributes or
heal wounds. It takes a full scene of nausea and purgation to
burn offsuch "useless" Blood Points; until this takes place, the
ghoul cannot use any Blood Points whatsoever.

While a ghoul is overdosed, her chance to frenzy
becomes equal to that of a vampire's (though certainly the
ghoul will not hungerat this point). Reaction time increases
(the ghoul temporarily gains a dot in Dexterity), but the
overdosed ghoul must make a Perception + Self-Control
roll each scene or suffer from violent hallucinations (effects
up to the Storyteller's discretion). Finally, ghouls who OD
on the vitae of one particular clan automatically suffer the
full side effects (if any) of that vitae.

Regeneration

Ghouls can regenerate limbs, though not automati-
cally. To make a regeneration attempt, a ghoul must spend
a Willpower point, spend an appropriate number of Blood
Points (one fora finger or eye, two fora foot or forearm, three
for an entire limb) and make a Stamina roll (difficulty 8). If
the roll fails or is botched, the ghoul may never regrow the
limb. Elder ghouls find regeneration easier; for each century
of age, the difficulty of the roll decreases by one.

Revenants, Vitae and Blood Pools

Revenants manufacture their own vitae, though they
may drink vampire vitae as well. (Ifusing the optional "Pick
Your Poison" rules for blood intake, a revenant may hold
only a finite amount of blood in the stomach and must drain
himself normally to intake more.)

A revenant begins with a Blood Pool of 10, gaining +1 to
the Pool per century of existence. Revenants may spend their
vitae normally and replenish their vitae supplies at the rate of
one Blood Point per day. This renewal presupposes that the
revenant in question is healthy and properly nourished.

Chapter One: A Clockwork Crimson


32

So long as revenants maintain themselves with vam-
pire vitae, they are as ageless as any other ghouls. Even
without such enhancement, they are exceptionally long-
lived; revenants live to ripe old ages of (150 years + 50 years
per dot of Stamina).

Vitae of the Clans

A few clans' vitae possesses contagious properties.
Ghouls imbibing/injecting five or more Blood Points from
certain clans must make a Stamina roll (difficulty 5) or
"inherit" a lesser form of the domitor's weakness; this lasts
until the vitae has been purged (i.e., the ghoul holds fewer
than five Blood Points from one clan).

The clans for which this rule most commonly applies
are: Brujah (a ghoul "pumped" on Brujah blood frenzies at
difficulties equal to those of a non-Brujah vampire);
Malkavian (ghoul gains a mild Derangement); Nosferatu
(Appearance drops by one or two points, but no lower than
1); Ventrue (ghoul gains a marked preference for Ventrue
blood — possibly endangering the domitor); Setite (ghoul

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


develops painful [-1 to Dice Pools} rashes when in direct
sunlight; furthermore, many Setites have the Addictive
Blood Merit); and any Sabbat (no mandatory effect, but
remember the possibility of contracting disease via the
Vaulderie). At the Storyteller's discretion, vitae from other
clans may cause similar effects.

Withdrawal

Withdrawn ghouls suffer symptoms for a period of
weeks equal to six minus the ghoul's Stamina. Whenever
the opportunity to gain vitae arises, the ghoul must make a
Self-Control roll (difficulty 7) or attempt to "score" how-
everpossible. Additionally, each week of withdrawal requires
the ghoul to make an Intelligence + Self-Control roll
i (difficulty 6); if this roll fails, the ghoul begins to sublimate
her cravings for vitae into a desire for human blood, flesh or
sex. A Willpower point may be spent to resist these cravings.
| If the roll is botched, no Willpower may be spent, and the
victim must act on her urges.


Masters and
Servants?

Those who inflict must suffer, for they see
The work of their own hearts, and this must be
Our chastisement or recompense.

— Percy Bysshe Shelley, "Julian and Maddalo"

Relationships between Kindred and ghouls are as
complex as interactions among the Kindred themselves.
This chapter details some of the myriad ways ghouls deal
with vampires, mortals, and each other.

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


Ghouls vs. the Rest
of the World seeecie Be

male, pres
noise occur!
that the SP°'
of claws OF
no extrancou
surroundings
a secure
or

ee =

Hop'

[Tape begins. Some clicking; heavy sigh. ]
So. You're free.

I don't care how it happened - everybody's got a different story. Most of you come to us
wailing and pleading because your Dearly Beloved Master's recently taken the Long Sunbath and
you don't know what to do. Or maybe she kicked you out - hard to believe, huh? You imew she
was ruthless, but you always thought she'd care about you... Ha. A few of you actually broke
on your own, gradually mustering the strength to run. And a very few were never lapdogs at all,

Well, none of that matters anymore. If we're all lucky, none of you is going to sea your
Precious benefactor ever again.

Now don't get me wrong, we need to find vampires if we're going to support ourselves in
"the style to which we are accustomed." And you'll be taking part in a few hunts if you want
to keep the vitae coming in, But it's never as if a Lick's a pushover, and we have to go after

On Vampires the next sunrise.

[slow release of breath] The first thing I traditionally say to you new applicants is a
few words on vampires. Every time, back when I was still stupid enough to meet you people
in person, someone would always give me this look when I started talking. You're probably
wearing it now. It's the look that says, "I know vampires. I've been enslaved to one for some
time. Nobody understands vampires better than I do."

Wrong.

You don't understand vampires. If you had understood the Xindred [emphasis mine; the word
4a pronounced bitterly/sarcastically?] back when you made your devil's deal, you'd never have
signed on the dotted line. If you understood vampires and were okay with what they were like,
you wouldn't have left their society; better the evil you know than whatever is on the outside,
right? If you left voluntarily because the abuse was just getting to be too much - okay, now
you're starting to get it.

There's # reason that I'm the one doing this. Yeah, I'm not recording this because of my
Golden tones. You see, I've played Renfield since before Bram Stoker was an itch in his daddy's
knickers, and I've seen a lot during that time. Fact is, I probably know more about vampires
than your average neonate Lick, and I damn well know more about them than you do - if I didn't,
you wouldn't be coming to my group for help. We'd be coming to you.

So first off, assume I know what I'm talking about, and this recording'1l be a lot easier
to take. [clears throat] Right. Now the first piece of advice I have for you isn't real ‘
reassuring. It's simple enough, though: Be afraid.

Fear is a very healthy instinct. I can't count the number of times that flesh-crawling
terror has kept my skin intact. Of course, it's always good to be able to act on your fear,
or even to act in spite of it. But if you aren't afraid of what's out there, you're going
to die. Or worse, depending on who you cross. We are talking about vampires here: virtual

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

ptt ppppp tc dda

demigods who've lived for centuries. They are for damn sure stronger, sharper and meaner
than you, and anyone who isn't terrified by the thought of being caught by an angry vempire
is out of his mind. [minor pause] S
But they can be killed.
We need their blood to survive, and there are a bunch of ways to go about getting it -
violent or otherwise. All of those methods require we learn as much as we can about the Licks:
where they're strong, and where they're weak. Now listen up, even when I mention a name you

ish Ei There won't exactly be a written exam later, but there'll be tests sure enough,

[clearing throat; sounds indicating drinking from a glass]

Okay, there are two major political groups of vampires, and I'm pretty sure you know the
difference between the two. For the uneducated, the Camarille is the party that advocates
secrecy; they're the ones with the feudal social structure. The Sabbat are the savages who
want to take a more direct hand in their environment. Of course, I don't presume to claim
that this is the end-all, be-all of their purposes. I saw a bit more of vampiric politics
than most ghouls usually do, but I'm aware that I saw damn little of what was really going
on.

The Camarilla

So which organization is better? Neither, really - vampires are vampires, regardless
of whether they wear funerary shrouds, Victorian ballgows, black leather or custom-fit
Armani. "Better" depends on what you're looking for,

Camarilla vampires are more subtle. This 1s better in some ways, sure. For one, they try
to behave themselves, to preserve their Masquerade. [tone of voice indicates sarcasm] For
another, Cam vamps tend to be more interested in maintaining an unlifestyle that actually
resembles, well, a lifestyle. They go to the theatre now and then. They dabble in politics.
They at least seem to pretend that they're still in touch with what it is to be human - well,
for as long as it suits them. They're still inhuman, mind you, and can be subtly cruel in ways
you'd only figure out after a few years of expensive therapy. But they don't go batshit as often,
as that endangers their little secret, and violating this Masquerade is something that usually
earns @ vampire a death sentence. So they smile while they're around outsiders or other Licks,
and maintain a feeling of control. All this leaves one with the distinct impression that the
Camarilla are the civilized ones, and therefore far more beneficial to be around.

Here's the catch: Ghouls are automatic violations of the Masquerade. We're mortals who
know about vampires. Therefore, if we show the slightest amount of defiance, they are
perfectly within their vampiric rights to drain us dry, throw the corpses in @ wood-chipper
and mulch their rosebeds.

[cough] There's good chance some of you knew that already.

The Sabbat

There's no hidden catches with the Sabbat. These bastards pride themselves on being
honest. And what are they, honestly? Bloodsucking monsters from beyond the grave, so
goddammit, they'11 damn well act like it!

The Sabbat are the drunken, sadistic frat boys and sorority sweethearts of the Kindred.
That analogy was actually made by a friend of mine, but it holds up really well, so I stole
it. You see, most of them are simply out to have a good time and get wasted. On blood, of
course, and they get real playful at their keggers. All the while, they make a lot of noise
about freedom and brotherhood, fighting for your right to party and standing up for your
brothers or sisters. Anybody who's ever lived in a college tow ikmows exactly the kind of
person I'm talking about.

But for every washout who never gets beyond street-thug level, there's another who makes
good. Hell, they've got organization, and that's where all the smart vampires end up. I won't

say that their leaders are world-dominating masterminds, every one, but the Sabbat has the
Camarilla good and worried. But hey, you had to guess there were some brains in the outfit,
otherwise they'd never have lasted as long as they have. Just like the college Greeks.

a

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?

bh dag

[iow rusble/growl] Now listen very carefully: You better be aware that not one of those
lofty political ideals means & fucking thing, 8s far as you're concerned, You're dogshit
as far as the Sabbat is concerned - you mignt get thrown ‘at an enemy, but most of the time

Just about all of the Sabbat clens

you're just something to be scraped off their damn boots.
look at us as a waste of good vitae; they don't bother to ghoul somebody unless they have

avery explicit purpose in mind. There's one exception, but... {minor pause I'll mention them

later. Don't get your hopes up, either. It isn't good news.
¢ Sabbat stinks. They don't even need an excuse to

So there you have it. Life among th
chop you to bits and feed you to German shepherds. They'll just do it whenever they like
= wahoo, are we having fun yet?
Liow growling sign] If you liv
fighting and hunting. Diplomacy 1s alt bul
intellectual type, or if you want a prayer of peacefully
you may want to head for Cam country.

Know Thine Enemy

So much for politics on the general level. Now
of = vampire means an awful damn lot, and their clans get into feuds just as readily as any

human families ever did. A vampire's ancestry influences her powers, her politics - hell,
even her personality to & certain extent, And it can influence her ghouls, too. Right. Enough
about why knowledge of the clans is important - let's get to it.

I know there are 13 clans. I know there are other bloodlines, too. It's amazing what happens
when ghouls get together and talk.and borrow a few books from & vampire or three who won't
pe needing them anymore. Let's start at the beginning and work our way through the alphabet.

[sound of rustling paper]
Assamite

Hate to start this briefing on &
Assamites. They're allegedly this shador

e where the Sabbat do, you're going to be in for a lot of
useless with them. So if you're more the
coexisting with the local Licks,

let's talk about family values. ‘The lineage

sour note, but we don't know a dagn thing about the
my clan of vampire assassins who get paid only in

plood, but nobody I've talked to has ever met one. If they keep ghouls, none ever get away.

‘This leaves us cold about how to hunt them, but.don't worry about it. If you ever see
one, you probably won't be at leisure to analyze his defenses anyway.

Brujah

‘The Brajan, now.. [soft chuckle] The Brujah we know plenty about. There are a few in every
city, and they don't mind recruiting ghouls at a moment's notice.

I'mof two minds about the Brujah. For one, they include the vampires most likely to treat
you like a person..hell, even an equal, They're & pretty egalitarian ‘Dunch - at least some
of the younger folks are ~ and they don't really give a rat's ass sbout social mores. They
don't mind being seen with @ ghoul buddy, and they're always looking for allies in their
fight against "The Man." Damned if I know what that means from Camarilla clan.

You knew there was @ catch. This is it: The Brujan lose their tempers damned easily. T
don't have to tell most of you what going berserk 1s like; you may have been there yourself.
But a Brujah can be set off by just about anything. Hell, you name it. Somebody tries to
card 'em when they go clubbing? A dum is just a dit too persistent asking for a nickel? A
televangelist comes on the box and they don't like his tie? [short, rising whistle] That's
4t. Reason goes to hide in the asement, and the Brujah is tearing somebody's arms off and

stuffing them in @ Ped Ex drop box. This may be their weakest point, you see. A frenzied
street, but baiting one into a mindless

Brujah may well not notice the heavy guns across the
frenzy is a Dit like kicking bear in the nuts so you can lead it into an ambush, The plan
may work okay, but you're lucky if you still have all your vital body parts at the end.
They're damned scary fighters - possibly the most ferocious the clans have to offer -
and they fight a lot. Some Houston Brujan learned sbout our sect once and decided they'd
like to help us. I had the Houston ell closed down and didn't send anybody back to the city
for three years. I just aidn't trust them, no matter how serious they sounded about the kinship
etween our cause and that of the anarchs.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

i
Li

The anarchs, for those of you who've been completely left in the dark, are the Kindred
who don't care much for the secret government and want to tear it down. What they want to
replace it with, I'm not sure; their name suggests anarchy, but I'm too old and scarred to
take a vampire''s word at face value. They know a thing or three about terrorist tactics, and
some of them are actually fairly decent to our kind - but again, read the fine print. They
may not be as rarefied or deliberate, but never assume that chaotic behavior equals stupidity.

Caitiff
Which leads us nicely into the Caitiff.

Just to set the record straight for those of you who're a bit confused, the Caitiff aren't
a clan, They're more of a social group, a sect within sects. That's where you find a random
cluster of vampires from all the clans who are tired of following the party line. They're
not real organized, and they allow a lot more individualism among themselves, so I don't
really have anything to say about "Clan Caitiff," except that their lack of organization
makes them easier pickings than most.

Followers of Set

Somebody once told me the Followers of Set were a big fat joke, a cult of bloodsuckers
Yorshipping some dead god who's got PBS picking at his bones.

That's not what I saw.

[slow release of breath] The Followers of Set are real trouble - I think. You see, the
other vampires don't like them, but for some reason don't treat them as much of a threat.
Most figure the Snakes are antiquated relics, fanatics who haven't realized thet animal-
headed gods went out of fashion some millennia ago. Yeah, it sounds pretty easy to dismiss.

But when you aren't talking to Licks, but to people on the streets, you hear something
different. Yeah, the Followers are into organized crime, drug trafficking, all that. But they
seem to inspire respect and loyalty something fierce. You know how most Licks like denying you
what you want, all the better to keep you lean and hungry like a prize falcon? Not the Followers
of Set. They let you go after whatever you like; hell, they give it to you if you've been doing
well, You don't even have to be one of their ghouls to merit treatment like this. I hear sometimes
one'll notice if you're having trouble with the local loan sharks, and send somebody over to
talk to them for you. Maybe they'll float you a little extra cash to keep your kid in daycare.
All this without even asking you for any favors. How do you refuse something like that?

And that's something the other vampires don't seem to realize. I guess it's because they

. don't have the worm's-eye view we do. But your average Follower of Set has a lot of ghouls,
"anda lot of human friends who are so damn loyal you'd swear they were Blood Bound, To most

of these people, their new friend is the best thing that ever happened to them. They'd kill
and die for their benefactor. [pause]

The Followers of Set are pretty easy to dismiss when you're a rich, powerful vampire
sitting in your penthouse, reading Forbes or something. But in the worst areas of tom, they're
usually the main power ~ often the only power. And they're not satisfied with keeping to
the slums, either. [pause]

They've offered their help to our group before. No strings attached. And you know, if
We take 1t, our lot's going to get better, and those vampires that cross us are going to
have a much worse time of it. [long pause]

We're going to refuse their help for now, so that's the official word. Don't agree to accept
any free lunches from anybody. [soft cough] I think that about covers the Followers of Set.

Gangrel
The Gangrel, now, are @ hard olan to pin down. They run around between cities, for one
thing. I understand that's usually suicide for any other clan, even the ones who can turn
invisible, Furthermore, there honestly aren't a lot of ghouls who join us after leaving a
Gangrel's service. Fromwhat I've heard tell, the Gangrel prefer the company of animals. [snort]
Trere'd be a good vulgar Joke there, if there was anything left in a vampire's genitalia.
They don't tend to run in the cities too much, and they're near impossible to track dom
in the wilds. They avoid politicking, and they don't care much for making deals. All in all,
I'd say they aren't worth dealing with. They sure as hell aren't usually worth the effort

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


of stalking; no other vampire, not even a Brujah, turns into such a savage animal when it's
riled up. The only saving grace is that you don't have to worry about them having a lot of
friends - they're almost exclusively solitary, which works out fine for us,

Mean, stubborn and half-animal. I've only ever met a few Gangrel, and that suits me fine.

Giovanni

The Giovanni, on the other hand, have the clan unity going so strong they're practically
inbreeding. These Italians keep vampirism in the family, so to speak - I don't reckon I've
heard of any of these Licks who didn't have the last name Giovanni on their credit cards.
I guess they keep their ghouls in the family, too - or at least I've never heard different.
They're the vampire Mafia, pretty much. Scorsese could take lessons on how it's really done
from the local Giovanni capo,

Crnythmic sound, presumably drumming fingers] And as if it couldn't get worse, these creepy
bastards are nicknamed "Necromancers" by those vampires who know of 'em. Does that mean they
raise the dead? I don't know. I don't want to.

Don't try to take one in his haven, They're interested in wealth, but more importantly,
they're interested in information nobody else has. So, like a lot of other clans, they can be
dram out if you pick the right bait. Just watch out for their servants, and whatever you do,
don't get up close with them. Colearing throat] You have to drop a Giovanni from a distance,
or he'll take you apart. And you have to make sure he's yours - if he escapes or gets word to
his clan, they'l1 come down on you like the wrath of Heaven itself. These are not the people
to idly piss off.

Lasombra

And on that note, we get to the Lasombra. They seem to be Sabbat-only; the sect suits them.
The second-best way to recognize one of these freaks is to check him out with a mirror, That's
pignt - they don't cast reflections. I used to think that was just a folktale, like that business
about running water; after all, people figured vampires didn't reflect ‘cause they didn't
have souls. That sums up the Lasombra pretty nicely. Cold, cold bastards.

But that's the second-best way to recognize a Lasombra; it's only second because they don't
like mirrors and might pull your face off if you flashed any sort of reflector around them.
The best way is to find out whether you're in Sabbat territory or not, and then find out what
vampires don't have much in way of ghouls. The Lasombra hate us, God knows why. The few ghouls
they keep take a lot of abuse. Hypersensitive bastards, those "Shadows." {capitalization and
quotation marks mine; tone indicates bitterness/contempt] The old boys dress like Spanish
nobility; the younger kids could be Brujah, with all the leather 'n' metal they favor.

I'd tell you to watch yourself around them, but frankly, you should never get that close.
They like to play games, and they love edible game pieces. Some of the younger ones get too
cocky for their own good, but the elders are always three steps ahead of everybody else. If
you want to trap one dead to rights, set up a place and fill it with floodlights. I'm not
kidding, It may not be stealthy, but when you hit a Lasombra with light from every direction,
eliminating all shadows, he winds up at a loss, Then drop him with high-powered rifles. Don't
get too close until he's no longer twitching; then he's yours. But if you want to keep him
captive, rig a cell with the same bright lights. No shadows. Got it? Trust me on this. It'll
probably save your lives. [pen scribbling on paper]

Malkavian

{sound of page turning; speaker releases a deep breath] Now you may have heard of the
Malkavians.

God, they're terrifying.

One of my employers once told me that they're harmless, that they just fool around, trying
to play stupid pranks on everyone. She was wronger than anyone I've ever listened to. Every
last one of the Malkavians is crazy in some wey or another. I'm not talking "funny crazy,"
like Daffy Duck; I mean "psycho crazy," like Charlie Manson or Jeffrey Dahmer or those homeless
‘bums you see on the street yelling at an invisible Jesus. Doesn't help if they're polite and
sane-seelling, either. They like to pretend they're harmless, Abso-fucking-lutely love it.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


they start in. Maybe they cut your best

And once you turn your back on these lunatics,
of them driving people around the bend

friend to bits just for giggles. I've also heard
by invisibly whispering things like "god hates you" or "Kill your boyfriend." Guess they

like company. I know for a fact that they get it, too - just about all the ghouls they
create wind up going just as insane as they are. So watch what you drink, got it?

Identify your target. If you know he's Malkavian, identify his madness. Find a hole,
and exploit it. Hita manic-depressive when he's depressive, ornaila multiple-personality
Malk when she's in transition or a weak personality. They aren't great in hand-to-hand
combat, but they can slip almost any trap if it isn't tight enough. Hit fast and hit hard
- if you give a Malkavian time to react, you've probably just lost then and there.

Nosferatu
[coughs] The Nosferatu aren't a lot better, but at least you can usually tell one for

what it is. When you can see one, that is. They're stealthy bastards, and it's usually
easier to smell one than to see him. Good thing. Once you've seen a Nosferatu "unplugged"
[presumably meaning sans Opfuscate], you'll never forget it. They look like mutant lepers
and smell like a sewer - appropriately enough, ‘cause that's where they live. The first
time you meet one, you'll probably be scared out of your wits. I was.

You've got to be careful when dealing with one of these, especially if you happen to
be the pretty sort. Lots of 'em resent beauty. The brignt side is that many Nosferatu are
willing to sell their vampiric brethren down the river for the right price. This can mean
favors, information, or what-have-you. They're usually..creatures of their word, too - but
not often enough that I recommend newbies dealing with them.

[soft chuckle] So the real question is: Is their vitae worth the revolting process of
tting 4t? Hmm. That's a real tougnie. I've got a friend who says it's good, potent stuff.
Swears by it, he does. Of course, these past few years his looks have been running hot
and cold, depending on whether or not he's had his leper-juice recently. If he's coked
to the gills on Nosferatu vitae, he looks like a mandrill's butt with a case of diaper
rash. Otherwise he ain't that bad. So I guess it's mostly an acquired taste, but hey, if
it's Nosferatu blood or nothing, a few extra boils don't seem all that bad.

Nosferatu are as hard to trap as Malkevians: just about as sneaky and a lot fiercer in
a brawl. They also have better information networks than most, so they're hard to lure out.
Go for the young and dumb, the ones who haven't had much of a chance to establish themselves,
What's more, every Nosferatu has enemies ~ it's easy to resent the ugly, intelligent bastards,
so maybe you can get some allies to work against the leper for you. With any luck, the Nos
will be trying to get your Lick puddy off his back while you slip up behind with the stake.

Ravnos

[pause, turning page] I guess I could've talked
Gangrel, because the two clans have a lot in common. They aren't team players, they wander

around a lot, and neither group bothers with ghouls all that much.

But the Ravnos are pariahs for a different reason, and they aren't Gangrel by any stretch.

I think no matter who you are, you always hear sbout them long before you meet one ~ some

wild rumors about the Gypsy-kin Cainites coming to town and stealing away the prince's favorite
toy. Or maybe a friend has @ domitor who has a sire who had to drive the Ravnos from his domain.

Whether you're warned or not, you're never quite ready when you meet them. They come whirling
into the city, dancing on the fringes of the prince's territory and teasing the locals. Maybe
you maat one while you're going about your errands at night. She seems normal enough, although
‘2 bit exotic - and then the world drops out from under you. Walls bend, your body melts, the
sky splits open, and then - ‘pam! You're back where you started, grabbing whatever's handy
to reassure yourself that the world's still working, and then she smiles and maybe gives you
2 message to pass on. She just had to get your attention first. And, mind you, that's assuming
she decided she needed a reason to play with you. [sounds of drink

I understand they rarely keep ghouls. Makes sense. Nobody could keep pace with them.
[faint scratching, pause] They can be baited quite nicely, though. Sort of like the "world's
est thief" syndrome - spread some rumors of something that sounds interesting and is
"4mpossible to steal," and you'll have Ravnos lining up on your doorstep.
Better deal with them quick when they get there, or else they' 11 walk away with your lungs.

ge

sbout the Ravnos when I mentioned the

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


(#*#*# ee eee

clears throat] Now the Toreador have got to be ona of the most famous
these are the ones you see across the room
bly exist. But you watch out, ‘cause these

,

Toreador
[sounds of drinking;
clans there is. Very pretty, very sophisticated;
and swear to God that nothing that beautiful can poss

lovelies have a sharp edge to them.
[soft sigh] I don't know if we have a unified opinion on the Toreador, because if you've

ever met one, you know how hard it 1s to be objective about them. They usually pick pretty ghouls,

a their chosen companions. The ending can be good
or bad. [tapping sound: metal on wood?] Maybe there are vows of eternal love, and the ghoul
gets the gift of immortality - the vampire way. Or maybe the Toreador shreds the ghoul to weeping
gobbets, shrieking about betrayal. It can happen any number of ways.

[clears throat; voice is deliberately(?) ary] They're decent fighters, but not unstoppable.
They're also more easily distracted than most - must be a side effect of those oh-so-sharpened

senses. Not my first pick for game, but you could do worse.

Tremere
[cough; moderate pause] Seven clans m
get any solid information on, One's the Gangrel;

Tremere.
When you play word association with a Lick, and you mention the Tremere, the word you usually

get is "warlocks." Well, that's the G-rated word, anyway.

The Tremere are this creepy neo-Masonic lodge of a clan, for what I can tell. They seem
to be big on formality and tradition, ritual and dogma. No other clan likes them, apparently
- they don't even have informal allies outside of their own blood. Of course, they make up for
that by being about as tight-knit as it gets. Most of 'em are willing to come to a clanmate's
assistance pretty readily. Their servants take triple-layered oaths of secrecy and aren't seen >
away from the haven all that often, Tight, very tignt.

But the real kicker is that the Tremere have mysticism on t!
that works. Voodoo, mojo, juju, medicine, Great Magick - I don't know for sure what they call}
it and I don't think it matters. The results are the same; they can lay hexes, call up storms,
make cows' milk go sour, all of that. Think about that the next time you pass one of those occult
Dookstores where all those pale, friendless kids hang out. Some of that magic stuff 1s real, :
and I guess nobody has a better library of spells than Clan Tremere. Never try to catch one
at home; that's pretty much sticking your hand in a rattlesnake pit and trying to grab one safely. |
If you have to deal with the Tremere, try to draw them out to neutral ground, if you can make
such a thing exist. They're powerful in their lairs, and their magic can kill you dead. Just

so you know. [sounds of drinking]

Tzimisce
Next in line, according to the ol' notes, are the Tzimisce. [Here a long pause follows, .

punctuated by faint background noise. After an eventual sigh, the narrative continues:
From everything I've ever seen and heard, these are the absolute worst. You can be serving
them aperitifs one evening and the very next night you're strapped to a lesb table, being pulled
apart by their flesh-shaping talons and reassembled into something that they happen to like
better. Mutated like some Frankenstein monster or radiation accident, or fed to the latest
creations. They like torture, too - positively delight in pulling you apart nerve by nerve just
to hear what pitch you scream in. No, that's not right. The worst part is that they don't delight
in it. They just hang back like some doctor or something, curiously watching the raw mass of
manflesh on the table squirm and twitch, like they're running some goddamn experiment.
I've heard that some people go to them willingly. "Make me beautiful," they say. "Make me
muscular." "Teach me to do what you do." [Shorter pause. The speaker resumes in a choked tone: ]
Never go to the Fiends. If you ever see one, or even hear there's one around, run, Try to

get away, even if it kills you.
Ventrue

[Here agein is @ pause,
voice is clearer. ]

and sometimes they have sweeping, affairs wit

ake up the Camarille. Two of those are very hard to
I talked about them already. The other's the

jneir side, and I mean mysticism

and the sound of papers rustling. When the speaker resumes, his

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


J dnd not everybody can share the domitor's good graces at once, so we recruit more than a few

Finally, we have the Ventrue, They're the Camarilla''s opposite number to the Sabbat's
Lasombra; the two hate each other, probably because they're both control freaks. The most you
can say for the Ventrue is that they're better about the noblesse oblige, and always try to
act the part of the civilized aristocrat. Well, not always, but they're fashionable enough to
keep their brutality "in the family," so to speak.

Anyway, the Ventrue are to all appearances complete control freaks. They're the archetypal
princes, apparently because they have more contacts and such than anybody else, They call a
lot of shots, and are very big on protocol. Ifa Ventrue prince even suspects that a ghoul is
endangering the Masquerade, pfft! [sic] Good-bye ghoul, thank
and try not to spill any blood on the carpet. But they keep a lo'
servants like proper lords and ladies of the manor should.
themselves, they've Got quite an organization Going. In fact, a Ventrue will often Ghoul his
mortal descendants and family, effectively becoming the patriarch of his own little miniclan,
Talk about your "Old Money" families...

The Ventrue also offer liquid immortality to a number of old and powerful pawns who are too
useful to let go. It's a hell of an offer, particularly when you're getting on in years and
don't have much to look forward to. Not all of a Ventrue's ghouls are necessarily part of her
household staff, so be careful! The desk Sergeant at the local precinct might not only be in
a Ventrue's pocket, he may also have learned a few supernatural tricks of his own.

[coughs] The one good thing about dealing with Ventrue is that with as many ghouls as they
have, there's a lot of Jockeying for attention. Those Games for the master's favor - you probably
know them pretty well already, right? Those games are pretty common among Ventrue households,
talcontents out from under the Ventrue''s noses. What's more, with the help of a mistreated
household ghoul or two, you can even wind up with a fair amount of Ventrue blood to boot.

But that's tricky work, and I really don't recommend trying 1t until you know exactly what
thers

[soft thump, Presumably notebook set aside] That covers most of what we know about the
vampires. But although they've been the focus of our lives for a while - and will continue to
be - they aren't the only creatures with power out there, Real power, I mean: Politicians are
hardly boogiemen compared to some of the urban legends I've heard, And since we're none of us

getting any younger ‘cause the tall tale of vampires happened to be true, I figure these other
stories are worth a listen. ana I know for a fact some of 'em are true.

Werewolves

All right, the most obvious Place to begin is the Lupines. You might've heard of them. I doubt
any of you have fought them - you're still alive, right? But they're one of the reasons some Licks
create ghouls like us: as cannon fodder. You see, werewolves are out. there, between the cities,
From what I've heard, they're one of the reasons vampires hang ground in the cities in the first
place. Lupines hate vampires, and they're just fine with walking around during the day. So a lot
of Licks create a small army of ghouls, hand 'em guns with silver bullets and set ‘em out there
to keep away the Lupines. Some even force their ghouls to hunt the dogs down.

My don't they do the work themselves? Sure, we're more expendable, But from what I've seen,
ost vampires are afreid of the Lupines. This from undead who can rip sheet metal like cloth!

So if the Licks are afraidof the Lupines, what does that make us? In ny case, too damn attached
tomy hide to go looking for them. Sure, if they hate the vampires, maybe we could get # positive
arrangement going. But nobody's yet volunteered to be the one to find the Lupines and offer
‘on terms. A couple of my associates who've learned the Gangrel way of animalspeak are thinking
tout trying..but, they're taking their time about Getting started.

Like I blame them.

Witches and Warlocks

Somehow or another, normal people can Get power, too. We're used to the Blood as « ticket
to supernatural strength and weird talents; seems that there's another way.

I mentioned the Tremere earlier. Well, they aren't the only ones who oan take a spell out
of soma old Egyptian curse-manual and actually make it work. You see, some witches and warlocks

out there have actual power. No, I'm not talking about those New Age meena a hang aon |

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants? 43

Renaissance festivals, selling flower wreaths end massage oils. I mean sorcerers who work
magic in all sorts of freakish ways. Some of them keep their formulas and chants on computer;
some of them use rituals that require some plood to be spilled. [iow chuckle] I didn't press

those last too hard to explain their thinking.
estion, the one that we're still looking to answer, is wosther or

Well, the obvious qui
not these folks can teach us magic, too. Those few that I've met get real dodgy wnenever I
pring up the subject of instruction. I guess they want to keep their cards close to their
chests. The best thing to do if you ever run into s real witch or warlock - and it's hard
to tell - is to be patient, It' s not real easy, though. If they'd shere the edge of real
magic with us, we'd have a lot better chance of survival. We don't have the time to start

from scratch and hit all the smelly old pookstores looking for the genuine article. We have
to convince them to help us.

Ghosts

What else? [pause; presumed sound of drumming fingers] Hmm. Do you believe in ghosts yet?
Funny enough, put most people seem to find it easier to believe in ghosts than in vampires.
Or at least so I've gathered. But after you've been a ghoul for a while, ghosts don't seem

all that scary, do they?

Yes and no.
Vampires are monsters. Once you've seen one go berserk, or chastise a ghoul by shedding

her blood, or kill someone without even twitching an eyelid, it doesn't take that much
imagination to be scared by a vampire. Ghosts, on the other hand.. Well, you have to use your
imagination a little more to picture a ghost doing you serious harm. No matter how scary the
spirit, the Licks are worse. Right?

Well, I've felt my share of cold flashes in my day, and I've seen bursts of St. Elmo's Fire
where there shouldn't have been any. I've felt flashes of warmth close by my cheek that I knew,
just. knew, were bursts of anger from something I couldn't see. This usually happened when I was
on my rounds for my old domitor. And after thinking about it, this nagging thought came to me.

Vampires kill a lot of people. And a lot of those people probably didn't think of themselves

as ready to die.
I'd say ghosts exist. So be careful,

The Rest

Yeah, if all these others exist,

then who's to say what else is out there? I don't know
for sure. I wouldn't say that it was just like some Universal Studios tour, though, with the
Creature from the Black Lagoon, the Mummy, all that bullshit.no. Elvis and Bigfoot are not
necessarily living with space aliens in Area 5t.

But I've heard stories of corpses dragging themselves out of the grave, and I heard these
atories from people who knew full well what vampires are really like. So maybe zombies are something
else we have to worry about. And some say that there are creatures out there that are born as
‘animals, but can change into humans, the better to walk among us and kill us for food,

(muffled cough] A Louisiana cell disappeared completely once, and the last we heard from
them was - and I am not lying - something about # dinosaur, or & dragon, or something, coming
out of the swamp to kill them. We never found a scrap of them afterward.

What does all this mean? It means keep your ears open, your eyes sharp, and don't dismiss
everything you hear out of hand. How can you tell the rumor that can save your life from the
deliberate con- job? [chuckle] You've got me. In the end, the thing that'll save your ass most

is instinct. Don't ignore it.

Finis

E [pause; sigh] That covers the basics of life among the creatures of the night. You'll
likely learn more as you go. If you need more specifics, then check with the senior member

of your cell.
I don't have anything more to say. You'll be contacted again in the next three days. Welcome

sbosrd, and.try not to get us all killed. {soft thump; cough
[Here the recording ends. ]

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Among the Damned

Although vampires' opinions of ghouls vary widely by
clan, they generally think of ghouls as subservient, indebted
creatures. Of course, Kindred believe themselves to be of
"preferred stock," and therefore morally, physically and
mentally superior to ghouls, but the limitations placed on
vampires struggling to maintain the Masquerade give ghouls
the upper hand in many situations. Often the relationship
between a ghoul and his domitor becomes a power struggle.
For example, a ghoul who does not get sufficient attention
or vitae from her domitor may make veiled threats about
going to the authorities or a rival sect if she does not get her
blood or love or sex now. To avoid such conflicts and fully
exploit a ghoul's power, an intelligent vampire treats her
ghoul with equal doses of respect and discipline.

Not surprisingly, the Camarilla and Sabbat have extremely
different outlooks on their ghouls' roles. Unaffiliated clans also
have theirown unique perceptions of the value of these creatures.
Though each domitor-ghoul relationship is unique, over the
course of centuries the various clans have evolved strategies for
employing ghouls — and ghouls have
leamed exactly what sorts of masters
they have allied themselves with.

The
Camarilla's
Two Cents j

First I taught them that
they could not unseat me,
and even rapped them
sharply between the p
ears to impress
upon them my
authority and
mastery.

— Edgar Rice Burroughs,
A Princess of Mars

Camarilla vampires simul-
taneously rule and fear the
actions of their ghouls. Ghouls are
useful, but their manic-depressive
moodiness can instill a great deal
of anxiety in Camarilla Kindred.
While a ghoul can pry informa-
tion from local mortals and take
care of a Kindred's nine-to-five
business, she can also spill the
beans about the Masquerade.

S or,

Brujah Ghouls

Brujah ghouls are as diverse as individual Brujah, but
there are some basic commonalties. In urban areas, Brujah
ghoul society tends to be composed largely of street people
and gang members, with a radical activist or poli-sci scholar
thrown in for good measure. The latter are often considered
for the Embrace, while the former are considered little more
than extensions of the domitor. Ghouls typically serve in
combat capacities; while agitators and leaders are useful,
Brujah prefer to fill these roles themselves or with childer.
Therefore, the life of a Brujah ghoul commonly centers on
such activities as "beat up X" and "blow up Y."

Notable exceptions are mortals whom the domitor be-
friends; Brujah tend to be generous with their Blood, at least
at first, soa Brujah often supports one or more ghouled cronies
or"drinking buddies." As the years drag on and the idiosyncra-
sies start to annoy, though, these ghouls tend to end up in
either the "lackey" or the "tattered corpse" category.

Brujah are generally charismatic, and their ghouls tend
to be people drawn toward strong, magnetic leaders, who
then subsume their lives into "the cause." (With regard to

ghouls, Brujah seem to use the words "free

will" tomean the freeacceptance of what-

ever propaganda the domitor dishes out.)

Relatively few ghouls are coerced or

tricked into ghouldom — the "rush" of

super strength and endless life gener-

ally proves irresistible for the young,

headstrong and powerless. Such

fervor often leads to violent out-

bursts between groups of Brujah

ghouls, whose individual domitors

may subscribe to diametrically
opposed ideologies.

Brujah ghouls are

TY typically young and

x temperamental —

relatively few survive

to become old and

restrained. Brujah vitae is as heady

4] and dangerous as PCP, and ghouls

rabidly fight for the clan until their

bodies are tattooed in black and blue

— they are fully aware that cowards

will not be considered for the Em-
f brace. Those ghouls who do survive to

"maturity" seem superficially more con-
trolled than their fledgling counterparts.
Having wised up to the fact that they're
simply being used, these oldsters forego
the hope of Embrace in favor of their
own ambitions in mortal society. This

Gli

om

co
Sack

2}

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants? 45


disparity in attitudes can lead to friction between "gullible"
younger ghouls and "complacent" centenarians-plus.

Brujah ghouls, particularly those recruited from street
gangs, maintain contact with mortals after their transforma-
tion into ghoulhood, often becoming subjects of gruesome
urban legends. Such ghouls tend to dominate mortal gang
hierarchies, usually due to the uncanny muscle power the
ghouls can supply for the gangs.

Brujah Domitors

As domitors, Brujah generally sway their ghouls with
liberal amounts of rhetoric and Presence; ghouls cynical or
intelligent enough to question the Fearless Leader seldom
survive the subsequent frenzy. Neo-Carthaginian rhetoric
aside, few Brujah actually Embrace their ghouls, thinking
them unworthy of such a high honor.

As a rule, Brujah tend to ghoul only loyal humans and
animals with great physical strength. Particularly in more
isolated or turbulent regions, Brujah sometimes recruit entire
armies of ghouls, forming their own private militias and
bringing more mortals into the Brujah purview. More mortals
means more potential ghouls and, at the very least, more
people on whom to feed. (Ironically enough, this last "perk"
becomes a dire necessity — the more ghouls a Brujah creates,
the more blood she must ingest in order to feed her hungry
servitors.)

Idealist Brujah value intelligence more than brutality
when deciding whom to ghoul. They believe that
ghouls are best used to infiltrate the Camarilla in
subtle ways; therefore, elders look for humans
with superior Social and Mental At
tributes: charismatic union leaders,
outspokenagitatorsandbrilliant,
charming philosophical revo-
lutionaries. Overthrowing a ZY
princeisnoteasilydonewith Gf
fists; ittakesa lot ofmental AZ Aa
prep work, and the wiser
Brujahsee ghouls' poten-
tial to help with such
matters.

Gangrel
Ghouls

Gangrel ghouls,
what few there are,
tend to be a very un-
happy, lonely lot.
Their masters
treat them like
"fair-blooded"

friends, often abandoning them just as their craving for vitae
reaches its peak. On the otherhand, such ghouls often prove
capable of satiating this craving, having learned a bit about
hunting from their erstwhile masters — a disproportionate
number of independent "stalker" ghouls come from the
ranks of displaced Gangrel "mistakes."

As Gangrel tend to be loners, Gangrel ghouls have
little or no contact with other ghouls or vampires. Those
who try toreturn to their mortal lives are often left destitute,
homeless and sick, unable to cope with "normal" mortal
society; they usually die or are killed, unless a vampire of
another clan snatches them up. But only a handful of
survivors wish to remain ghouls after their horrible experi-
ence with the Gangrel, and these ghouls usually buy vampiric
vitae from ghoul blood dealers, or simply steal it.

The ghouls most likely to remain loyal to Gangrel
domitors (and receive reciprocal loyalty) are animal ghouls.
Animal ghouls typically stay faithful to their domitors until
the night the domitor decides he needs a snack and can't
find a sentient being to sate that hunger; the animals must
suffice, and they are usually drained to death by the remorse-
ful Gangrel.

Gangrel Domitors

Natural wanderers, Gangrel don't want
toomany ghoul servants tying them down.
Most of the time, if they need some-
thing, they're not afraid to venture
into the Barrens to claim it for
themselves. Frankly, Outlanders
find few uses for ghouls — and
Gangrel rarely ghoul frivo-
lously, as do the Brujah and

Toreador.

When a Gangrel does
decide to ghoul a mortal,
the ghoul is often aban-
doned after her domitor
realizes the tremendous re-
sponsibility inherent in
tending to the vitae-
craving servant.
Occasionally a

Gangrel ghouls
fh someone justbefore

ey a long journey,
AAAI) thereby providing
yA himself with "extra
W food in hisrucksack,"

but Gangrel generally

STS

7"

\

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


prefer to travel light. A Gangrel is therefore much more likely
toghoul an animal, as they make great traveling companions
and enjoy venturing into the wild woods. The clan's Animal-
ism Discipline allows a Gangrel domitor to communicate with
his animal ghoul better than he can communicate with a
human. Elder Gangrel often have centuries-old (and corre-
spondingly powerful) animal ghouls, whom they love better
than any "sentient" being.

Occasionally, a rural Gangrel takes on the role of "protec-
tor" (ie., supreme predator) of an isolated village or territory,
sporadically creating ghouls over the centuries to "administer"
(ie., terrorize) the locals. Such fiefdoms are exceedingly rare
in modern times; what few remain are often the subjects of
grisly legend, shunned by their neighbors, who whisper of the
"strange goings-on in the village in the hollow."

WhileGangrel haveasort of empathetic respect forghouls,
theydonottreatany ghoulssaveanimal ghoulsparticularly well.
Pethaps this is due to the presence of the Beast or the clan's
association with the Lupines, perhaps to the Outlanders' gen-
eral lack of regard for humans who are not of Gypsy descent.

Malkavian Ghouls

Malkavian ghouls can be anyone and anything, except
forgettable. The vitae in their systems knocks them around like
mice in a cat's paws; they change moods con-
stantlyand unpredictably, often becoming
more and more manic as they Is
drink moreand more blood. Of
course, the ghouls are not to
blame; having a Malkavian asa
domitor definitely takes its toll.
Some of these ghouls are‘even
abducted from institutions or
hospitals, and their preexisting
mental conditionsare only exac-
erbated by the "care" of their
equally psychotic masters.

Some Malkavian ghouls ae
retain relations with humans;
othersdo not. Itall depends on
the domitor's whims. Kooks

A Malkavian ghoul's loyalty to her domitor may prove
particularly perilous, since the object of affection is psy-
chotic. The ghoul may allow herself to be partially dissected
by her domitor to prove her loyalty, and then find herself
abandoned, rapidly deteriorating and not knowing quite
why. Smarter ghouls, though, may con their domitors into
becoming dependent on them for research assistance or
affection. These ghouls remain closest to the vampires'
hearts, so to speak, and the other servitors are usually too
insane to be jealous of them.

Malkavian Domitors

Malkavian vampires create ghouls frequently: on whims,
to advance their pet projects, and to enact whatever bizarre
tableaux their Derangements dictate. Showing neither prefer-
ence nor dislike for ghouls, Malkavians see ghouls as fun and
interesting guinea pigs on whom to experiment. Ghouls are
treated as three-dimensional, breathing Malkavian playthings
—and some Malkavian ghouls are nothing more than human
shot-puts to hurl gleefully at rival vampires.

Kooks' attitudes toward ghouls change as much as the
moods of individual clan members. Malkavians often forget
that they've created particular ghouls, leaving the poor

victims deranged, yearning, utterly disoriented,

and wondering where
they'll get their next

* 3} blood fixes (iftheyeven
sy _rememberthatitisKin-
dred blood they crave).
Furthermore, each in-
dividual domitor's

=
a treatment dependssig-
nificantly on the type
of Derangement the
g Malkavian in question
_——
—_ has. For example, a

domitor with Delusions of
Grandeur treatsherghoul
aseitheran inconsequen-
tial underling ora protégé,
depending on her mood.

sometimes commit their ghouls

And a ghoul can become

toasylums, where they can find

more mentally aberrant hu-
man playthings for their
masters — either among the
patients or (after a little
tweaking) in the ranks of
institution administrators.

something of a babysitter
to a Malkavian with a
Regression Derange-

ment. Talk about role-reversals.... (For more information
on Derangements, see Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 201.)

After a ghoul is Bound to his Malkavian domitor, a
rather classic model ofa dysfunctional relationship develops
— one in which the vampire is obsessed with mental and
physical game-playing, and the ghoul is awestruck by the
mental powers and charisma of his Kindred slaver. A
Malkavian can become addicted to this sense of power, just
as the ghoul becomes addicted to the domitor's blood. Long-
term Malkavian-ghoul relationships exemplify the word
"codependency." Contrarily, short-term Malkavian-ghoul
relationships are intense, melodramatic and often fatal for
one or both parties.

Malkavians don't necessarily seek to make ghouls of people
with similar mental conditions; how would a human with Obses-
sive-Compulsive Disorder benefit a vampire who has this problem
himself, aside from making sure the vampire locks the door to his
haven by checking it 17 times? (Much to the Malk's chagrin,
however, the ghoul usually inherits her domitor's Derangement
anyway.) Kooks tend to ghoul humans who display qualities that
they themselves lack, only occasionally transforming those people
who "feed" their Derangements. But ifa vampire has the Obsession
Derangement, for example, he may ghoul someone who has a
similar fetish or obsession in order to validate his Derangement.
After all, lunacy loves company.

Nosferatu Ghouls

Sewer Rat ghouls are recipients of a classic mixed blessing.
At least Clan Nosferatu gives its ghouls a bit of respect and
consideration for their good work. Unfortunately, Nosferatu vitae
tends to produce similar, though lesser, deformities in its ghouls.

By and large, mortals ghouled by the clan tend not to be
the most popular people in their old circles anyway. Still,
many Nosferatu ghouls, forced into isolation by the
transmogrifications of the Blood, wind up be-
coming very lonely and tormented souls. 5

Nosferatu prefer to ghoul humans who
don't quite fit in with the corporate mi-
lieu. While professional types benefit
the clan tremendously, Nosferatu
prefer those professionals to be

thepeonsoftheirrespective work- SS
places. Diligentworkerswhoare J. f
never praised, sexual harassment 2 ‘:
victims, wage slaves who go Qe o

years without raises, and work-
ers who are mocked because of
physical disabilities often wel-
come the feelings of belonging
they get from service to the
Nosferatu. Ghouling, to a
Nosferatu, shouldbeperformed
with the same amount of fore-

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

thought one would put into creating progeny, and Nosferatu
ghoul only those whom they would consider for the Embrace.
Accordingly, this tight-knit clan treats newly initiated
ghouls as the "new childer" in the Nosferatu warren. The
vampires train their ghouls to become bold, resolute and,
above all, competent, nourishing them and teaching them the
clan's history in the process. Very often, Nosferatu warrens
resemble "communes": Each ghoul works for the good of all
Nosferatu, not just her domitor; and the Nosferatu treat all
ghouls, animal or human, with equal amounts of esteem.
Animal ghouls are common among the clan. They are
easily created, and they communicate well with theirdomitors,
for clan members possess the Animalism Discipline. The
clan's animal ghouls consist mostly of slimy, unsanitary urban
critters. Most of these ghouls are lured in to serve the clan after
tasting the luscious vitae of a Nosferatu who shed her blood to
fill up a Spawning Pool (see Clanbook: Nosferatu, p. 38).
After just one taste, the animals have to come back for more
and more of thescrumptious vampiric blood; potent Nosferatu
blood is allegedly harder to kick than heroin ornicotine. After
becoming Blood Bound, the Nosferatu's ani-
AW imal ghouls take on many of the clan's

or) = characteristics, growing to ex-
A IN} "= treme sizes and
developing freakish
NF. deformities.
SRW
fi > <N) a
y n
58 iy hs
(MES
A 4
‘ 6\37=
>


Despite their "perks," Nosferatu ghouls had best not
grow complacent, no matter how well they are treated by
the clan. And Heaven help the Nosferatu ghoul who sells
out her benefactors for, say, the sweet blood of a beautiful
Toreador. Laziness and rebellion alike are noticed and dealt
with in poetic fashion. Ghouls who betray the clan are
strapped to subway tracks to meet their deaths, or else
immersed in pools of sewage to drown.

Nosferatu Domitors

The Sewer Rats are big fans of ghouls — animal ghouls,
thatis. Human ghoulscan be of great help to Clan Nosferatu,
but they are much more difficult to create; after all, to ghoul
a mortal, a Nosferatu must coax or coerce the mortal to
remain in the vicinity.

Nosferatu find reliable human ghouls by looking on the
subways. The vampire uses Obfuscate to stand among the
after-hours crowds, searching for professionals in the construc-
tion, urban planning, sanitation, transportation and city
maintenance fields who are heading home after their exhaust-
ing second- and third-shift jobs. Overheard snippets of
conversations with other passengers usually clue the
Nosferatu in on the potential ghoul's profession. Only
humans who can benefit the clan in some manner are
ghouled; many Nosferatu have neither the patience nor
the desire to associate with the mortals who shunned
them so during their own lives.

Toreador Ghouls

Toreador keep cliques of suave, sophisti-
cated ghouls; some of these ghouls actually
prove useful, and all cater to the domitor's ego.
Toreador tend to select their ghouls from among
the mortals they socialize with at parties, art
openings, theatrical productions, musical perfor-
Mances and poetry readings, picking and
choosing for "artistic" (i.e., no par-
ticularly logical) reasons.

Like the Brujah, Toreador ghoul
often and frivolously. A Toreador
might ghoul someone just to have
aneternallyadoringfan ofhiswork.

Being a Toreador ghoul is
far from easy, but lavish rewards
await those whom the domitors
favor — for exactly as long as
the favor lasts. "In" ghouls are
showered with designer cloth-
ing, invitations to high-society
partiesand, most importantly
ofall, adulation and respect

liquish Toread Z
in cliquish Toreador Ji

circles. Naturally, ghouls in service to the domitor are the
creme de la creme —and naturally, ghouls in service to those
other...leeches are too gauche for words.

But pity the poor waif ghoul model when thin is no
longer in and the Rubenesque look is back in style. Status
disintegrates in a tidal wave of humiliation, and the former
beloved is tossed to the wayside by her fickle Toreador
domitor. After all, Toreador don't like to show off ghouls
who aren't in vogue!

Even ghouls in favor with their domitors walk on egg-
shells most of the time, knowing full well that they could be
thrown away like last season's evening gowns at any given
moment. Compounding this fear is the constant internecine
feuds endemic to Toreador cliques, as rival servitors use
innuendo, nails, and whatever else it takes to maintain "Ghoul
Number One" status. This catty competition often leads to
violent frenzies and stalkerlike behavior among the ghouls —
anything to please the master, and anything to knock the
competition down.

Most Toreador ghouls still keep in touch with mortals.
They have to in order to advance their domitors' careers

a= And, for those ghouls who have fallen out of favor, mortals
BG are the only remaining erotic outlets.

4 4,
NS

. (and occasionally find) service in the ranks of

Outcast Toreador ghouls commonly seek

another "respectable" clan, suchas the Ventrue;
the new domitor is delighted to take in the
beautiful, wounded ghoul, providing affec-
tion and vitae in exchange for a few trifles of
information on the cruel ex-domitor. Natu-
rally, the ghoul isonly toohappy tooblige....

Toreador Domitors

The suave and beautiful Toreador
have little trouble surrounding them-
selves with throngs of willing servants
—humans only, though; animals make
good stoles and that's about it.

Some Toreador think of ghouls as
pathetic-but-useful sycophants. Ghouls
are just nice to have around as whip-

ping boys. They're so much fun to
taunt; they take the whole Blood
Bond thing way tooseriously.
Many Degenerates look for
extremely submissive,
introverted mortals,
entrapping them in
erotic relation-

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


ships. For a couple of wickedly fun 15-minute B&D sessions
and a few drops of blood per month, a Toreador has a loyal
servant who idolizes her domitor, drives him everywhere,
acts as a bodyguard, serves drinks at parties, and works as his
booking agent.

Not all Toreador are so cruel to their ghouls. Some
actually feel a semblance of love for their Blood Bound slaves.
Other clan members love the adoration they get from their
special fans, and so they coddle their ghouls. Devoted ghouls
stay forever by their Toreador lovers' sides, trying to be more
and more helpful with each passing year in hopes of eventually
being Embraced by their lithe, creative-genius masters. Re-
quests for the Embrace are usually futile, however; a Toreador
would much rather have a parasitic little helper (whom she
can let age if he acts up) than another annoying vampiric
"friend" who'll compete against her in all the art shows.

Tremere Ghouls

Ironically enough, many Tremere ghouls do not even
realize they are ghouls. Their masters shroud the truth from
them until absolutely positive that the ghouls will not leak
arcane secrets to rival clans or break the sacred Masquerade.

This deception, like so
much about the Tremere, is
practiced under a guise of
ingenuousness. Tremere
ghoulsare often recruited from
religious orders, Freemason
groups — even fraternities and
sororities — and the initiation
tites into Clan Tremere do not
differ much from a cult's or se-
cretsociety's. Typically, initiates
are not informed that each sip of
vampire's blood (or, more likely,
several vampires' blood) from
the ceremonial chalice draws
them closer to being Blood
Bound to the clan. The War-
locks subscribe to the
"ignorance-is-bliss" theory of
enlightening their ghouls,
and share only half-truths
about the transformation.
Only after a ghoul demon-
strates complete loyalty to
"the order" does he learn
the truth — and even
these lucky "consors"
receive ample dem-
onstration of
what will

happen to them should they divulge secrets to newer ini-
tiates.

And once a Tremere consor is fully recruited, life is far
from easy. The Tremere have even more enemies than most
clans do, and while a consor's introduction to the Tremere
may be gradual and mysterious, his introduction to the
Assamites, Gangrel and Tzimisce is usually sudden indeed

Tremere ghouls perform a variety of functions. A dis-
proportionate number serve merely as chum to be thrown to
the clan's numerous foes. Many other ghouls are used as
research assistants, keeping the clan up to date on such
arcana as the Internet. Finally, Tremere ghouls make effec-
tive "living scrolls": They have rituals of various sorts placed
on them (often without their knowledge) and are sent about
their business; this business often takes them into the fold of
a rival or enemy, where the "inscribed" spell takes effect.

Tremere Domitors

Because the clan already employs numerous Gargoyles,
homunculi, demon-bound, and corpse minions as servants
and guards (see Clanbook: Tremere, pp. 33-35), Tremere
are quite hesitant to create ghouls, who could conceivably
break the Masquerade, disrupt the clan's order, and leak
closely guarded secrets to mortal and Kindred alike. A

vampire must obtain permission from a superior before a,

ghoul can be initiated into the clan.
Any Tremere wishing to create ghouls must abide by
strict criteria during ghoul selection and creation. Ghouls
must either be obvious "one-shot" weapons (i.e., a cell of
ghouls created to be thrown at the szlachta of an oncoming
Sabbat siege) or potential neonates. The former must be
demonstrably liquidated at the end of use, while the latter
must be carefully evaluated and made to swear all manner of
secret and binding oaths.

Because they are under extreme
pressure from the highest clan
authorities, Tremere
domitorsare not, in gen-
eral, a very pleasant
lot. In particular,
younger domitors
who have personal
gripes with their
elders often take
out their frustrations on obse-
quious ghoul students. The ghouls,
sworn not to defy their domitors,
often receive humility lessons in
aN the form of canings, whippings,
we razor cuts, bruises, and severe
RZ Ai}) verbal abuse. The Tremere Em-
Vy brace only those ghouls who
persevere against all odds, and
these leechlike students must
be kept in line somehow.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

eR


Ventrue Ghouls

On first impression, Ventrue ghouls often seem suave
and in control; as any Ventrue knows, however, it is the
domitor who exercises complete control over her ghouls.

Much of this control stems from the fact that Ventrue
recruit many ghouls from their mortal families. Certainly, a
Ventrue who ghouls her own grandfather expects nothing
less than obedient gratitude for saving the old bastard's life.
Many Ventrue ghouls are transformed in their late mortal
years — often just before succumbing to cancer or the like
— and Ventrue domitors constantly remind these older
ghouls of the long, painful deaths they've been spared.

Ventrue ghoulhood is a rather hierarchical existence.
Indeed, some elder Ventrue maintain "castes" or "ranks" of
servitors, complete with titles and insignia. These strictures
make for some vampire-pleasing ghouls; ghouls who win their
domitor's favor are given a higher "ranking" than ghouls who
don't bendas far for their masters,and many whoperform well
become (or think they become) probable Embrace can-
didates. Needless to say, ghouls commonly "rat" on one
another in attempts to gain status.

Because many Ventrue
ghouls negotiate importantclan
business deals, they maintain a
great deal of contact with the
mortal populace. Many servi-
tors continue to hold the
same jobs they had in mor-
tal years, as their masters
like to have allies who can
serve as spies.

Only the most naive
Ventrue ghoul darestoshow
allegiance to another vam-
pire domitor, especially one of
arival clan. The Ventrue donot
take kindly to sharing. Ghouls
who are aware of this rule know
tostick with their own kind, soa
Ventrue ghoul is rarely seen con-
versing with another clan's
ghouls, save at the business end
ofa 9mm.

Ventrue Domitors

Jaunty and controlling, the
Ventrue prefer tosurround themselves
with ghouls who aren't afraid to do a
little dirty work for their domitors. It is
pethaps Clan Ventrue that has the most

respect for its workers...er...children...er...ghouls; the ghouls
are the doers rather than the dreamers, and unlike other
Kindred, they always follow their orders. Or else they get
what's coming to them...

Generally speaking, though, the Ventrue clan gives a
lot of credit to its ghouls; ghouls put up a very believable
facade for the mortals, and the clan seeks beyond all other
goals to maintain the Masquerade.

Inaddition toghoulingsycophanticworker-types, Ventrue
often seek to ghoul mortals of political, legal or professional
importance. The Ventrue are natural infiltrators, and many
clan members gain control over mortal affairs through clever
use of influential ghouls. Judges, minters, bankers, accoun-
tants, lawyers, mayors, newspaper publishers — these are the
types of mortals many Ventrue wish to recruit as ghouls.

Particularly noteworthy is the Ventrue's predilection
for creating ghouls in their rivals' organizations. These are
often lower-echelon employees, as upper management is
usually closely watched by the rival vampire and lower-
level workers are the employees most likely to be

disgruntled by the "crappy working conditions"
(often the result of the rival
vampire's corporate piracy or what
have you). Itis laughably easy for
the domitor-to-be to approach
such a potential ghoul and,
throughacombination of Pres-
enceand promises, mold him
intoa walking virus to use
against her rival.
Ventrue frequently
ghoul their loved ones in
order to protect the Mas-
querade and maintain open,
"honest" relations with their
relatives. Sometimes this leads
toan almost paternal relation-
ship between the domitor and
his ghouled family members.
However, familial ghouls who
abuse their privileges or shirk
their duties are often punished
much more severely than
nonfamilial ghouls (how dare
your own flesh and blood betray
you after all the strength and life
you have given her?). On the flip
side of the coin, preferential treat-
mentofadomitor's family members
often leads to vicious squabbles
among ghouls. After all, it's not
so farastep from "who gets the


biggest slice of pie" to "who gets the most vitae" — and
though blood may be thicker than water, it is hopelessly
tepid compared to Ventrue vitae...

The Sabbat's Perspective

If the objects who serve us feel ecstasy, they are much
more concerned with themselves than with us, and our own
enjoyment is consequently impaired. The idea of seeing
another person experience the same pleasure reduces one to a
kind of equality which spoils the unutterable charms that
come from despotism.

— Marquis de Sade, 120 Days of Sodom

While the Sabbat hate mortals, they love to hate ghouls.
Many Sabbat consider ghouls to be something of a joke, like
a poodle wearing a pink dress and trying to walk upright; still,
some Tzimisce and Lasombra would be bored if they
didn't have the little action figures to bend and play
with.

The Lasombraand Tzimisce have very different
opinions of ghouls, while most antitribu superficially
treat ghouls much as their Camarilla clan counter-
parts do. Itshould be noted, however, that antitribu
rarely succumb to emotional bonding with their
ghouls; that codependent bullshit is for mortals
and wimpy Cam vampires only. Most antitribu
think ghouls are trash, and refuse should be |"
disposed of properly after use.

Beinga Sabbat ghoul is like walkinga razor-
wire tightrope over a bottomless pit. All manner
of draconian punishments await ghouls who step
out of line: A ghoul who is disrespectful to a
Sabbat, or who divulges sect secrets, faces such
"disciplinary" tactics as drawing and quartering
or death by fire. Sabbat domitors are also pun-
ished if their ghouls betray the Sabbat, so ghouls
are subject to all manner of preventative abuses
heaped on them by paranoid domitors. Then, too,
some Tzimisce adopt the approach that betrayal
is impossible if a ghoul is rendered too unsightly
to interact with anyone, or if its tongue is
reshaped into something more aesthetically
pleasing than functional...

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Lasombra Ghouls

Mortals unfortunate enough tobe ghouled bya Lasombra
vampire are in for serious abuse. The leaders of the Sabbat
tolerate ghouls only because their fellow Sabbat members in
Clan Tzimisce find them to be interesting diversions.
Lasombra have no time or patience for interesting diver-
sions, and so they make their ghouls work brutally hard for
every drop of blood. Even so, few survive for long; the only
diversion the Lasombra really enjoy is chess, and ghouls
serve as disposable pawns.

Few Lasombra ghouls are given a choice about whether to
accept the domitor-to-be's "gift." A Lasombra will ghoul anyone
or anything, so long as the creature has a skill or talent
sufficiently useful to be worth the bother, yet sufficiently menial
that the vampire would never consider the ghoul for Embrace.
Squadrons of suicide shock troops and staffs of personal groom-
ing assistants are most common among the Keepers; itis
difficult to say which job is the more dangerous one.

Long-time Lasombra ghouls are rare. What few

exist tend to be timid, nervous creatures. They've
become so used to taking the blame for wrongs they
have not committed, they just wince and bear the
pain, for they are dependent on domitors who casu-
ally withhold vitae. |
Most Lasombra ghouls are not permitted to
associate with any other vampires, ghouls or
mortals. Those who dare to disobey thisstricture
are mercilessly and inventively slain. Then,
too, many Lasombra ghouls are rendered
physically incapable of such interaction;
while the Lasombra do not equal the
Tzimisce in the fine art of disfigurement,
they do an admirable job for beings not
blessed with Vicissitude. The psychologi-
cal side effects of the Lasombra clan
weakness often manifest themselves in
this process, as squadrons of ghouls are
all forced to wear the same featureless
masks or have their faces reduced to
identical spiderwebs of scar tissue.

Lasombra j
Domitors

The mere thought of
ghouls makes any self-re-
specting member of

Clan Lasombra

—


wince with disdain. Ghouls are nothing more than abhorrent
sub-Kindred who can't do much more than comb hair without
having emotional breakdowns. Accordingly, Lasombra prob-
ably employ the fewest ghouls of any clan — Camarilla,
independent, or Sabbat.

Though they cannot stand ghouls, the Lasombra also
cannotstand the fact that they are unable to admire their own
beautiful Caine-given features in the mirror. Some Lasombra
employ ghouls as personal-hygiene assistants for this reason.
But that hair must be brushed for at least 100 strokes, or 100
bruises will decorate the inattentive ghoul's body. And should
the servant fail to apply the skin lotion properly, the outraged
Lasombra may well apply a "moisturizer" of muriaticacid tothe
shoul's skin...

Although some Lasombra are rumored to make ghouls of
number-crunching mortals to help with clan finances, most
clan members do not feel that they can trust ghouls with matters
of such import. Besides, it's more fun to manipulate some
gullible Ventrue — or, better yet, a sniveling Ventrue ghoul —
into doing one's books.

Tzimisce Ghouls

And you thought Lasombra ghouls had it rough....
Trimisce ghouls often understand quite literally the mean-
ing of the words "spincless toady." Mercifully, many of
these ghouls don't realize how miserable they actu-
ally are, having been toyed with to such an
extent that they aren't even conscious of
their own existences. By far the most
wretched Tzimisce ghouls are those
whose brains and psyches are left in-
tact.

About the only thing
Trimisce ghouls have going (%¢ 4
for them is sheer power.
Antitribuwho actually give
adamn warn their servi-
tors to steer clear of the
brutal Tzimisce ghouls.
Mortals Blood Bound to
the Fiends seldom use
their power for self-ad-
vancement, though.
Trimisce ghoulslive, eat,
breathe, fight and kill
fortheir domitors, and
their domitors only.

For a clan so de-
pendent on ghouls,
Trimisce are surprisingly
indiscriminate in whom
they choose to ghoul; on the
other hand, Tzimisce rea-
son that their choice of

as SS tk:

subjects is little more consequential than the choice be-
tween red or blue Play-Doh. Ghouls are useful for war and
menial tasks; anything requiring skill or intellect can be
delegated to a power-hungry, sycophantic revenant.

Those few ghouls left in an approximation of human
shape live in constant fear — not only that the master will
use them for spare parts, but also that a bored or hungry
szlachta will attack them without any provocation while the
master looks on and titters. Ironically enough, it is this very
paranoia that often leads them to make that one self-
defeating and painfully fatal mistake.

Tzimisce Domitors

Though not exactly respectful or tolerant of the sad
little kreuni oddats (blood addicts), the Tzimisce despise
ghouls to a lesser degree than do Lasombra and other
antitribu. After all, more than a few Tzimisce vampires were
created from the revenant families' offspring.

The masters of Vicissitude relish having
large numbers of ghouls at their service for both
business and pleasure. While other clans em-

ploy ghouls almoststrictly in servile capacities,
Tzimisce know how to be quite resourceful
with their ghouls.
Ghouls make excellent "clay"
with which a neonate
Tzimisce can master the
fine art.of Vicissitude.

Practicing on ghouls

means learning Vicis-
situde by the

trial-and-er-

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?

<_aten?
Szlachta (Guardian Ghouls) Olas emia aRevemaist
é : , Connections

In addition to their use of "normal" ghouls and Blood levis aves the wheels of hs
revenants, Tzimiscealsoemploy ghoulsknown asszlachta. : i tory.
Combinations of scarecrows and combat machines, — Benito Mussolini
szlachta are bred and trained to serve as bodyguards,
soldiers and sentries. Most guardian ghouls' bodies are Not quite kine, not quite ghouls, and most definitely
altered through Vicissitude, to strengthen their fighting not vampires, revenants are a rare breed in this age. Origi-
skills and make them as fearsome as possible; szlachta nally created by the Tzimisce, revenant families have
often scare the fight out of their enemies with just the historically served as guards, spies and sources of childer for
wink of a pus-filled eye. Many szlachta are protected by the Fiends. These nights, they are little more relevant than
bone armor, and most are armed-and-dangerous war dodoes—and would be justas extinct were the Tzimisce not
machines complete with such ingeniously bonecrafted so heritage-conscious.
features as Ginsu-sharp razors for teeth. Revenant differ from ghouls in a few ways; first of all, and

Moreonszlachtacan be foundin Clanbook: Tzimisce, pethaps most importantly, revenants do not need a steady diet
p- 40; The Storytellers Handbook to the Sabbat, pp. 80- of Kindred vitae to maintain their powers, as revenants manu
81; and September ‘97's Libellus Sanguinus: Masters of facture their own internal supplies of vampirelike blood.
the State, for Vampire: The Dark Ages. Revenants also practice hereditary vampiric .

Disciplines. And these Disciplines are in- <

deed "hereditary": Revenants can

reproduce, although it takes about three

years to carry a revenant child to full Fs
term, and the }

ror method. Mistakes can be killed

and/or sucked dry of blood, which

makes for a quick and zesty midnight

snack; minor blunders can also be (quite
literally) tossed onto the pile to be later
used in the creation ofa vozhd (war ghoul).

In many Tzimisce manses, promising Vi-

cissitude students display their creations

in the forms of porous skin wallpaper,

internal-organ tapestries, intestinal lamps
and breathing, bone-constructed bric-a-brac.
(The Fiends inhabit only the most aesthetically
pleasing environments possible, as they usually
spend eternity in one place.)

Of course, Tzimisce don't restrict the use of Vicis-
situde on ghouls to neonate students of the Discipline.
Judicious disfigurement ensures that ghouls cannot betray
the clan to live normally among mortals. Tzimisce domitors
also use the threat of further bodily modification asa deterrent,
ensuring that ghouls behave properly and obey all commands
without question. More than one ghoul has had her legs
amputated after a mere utterance of the word "but."

Onoccasion,amoresympatheticTzimiscedomitor
will reshapea Vicissitude-worked ghoul body part ifhis
servitor performs every duty perfectly for a set period of
time, maybe 10 years or so. Such mercy is rare, though;
some Tzimisce don't even think they themselves are
perfect. And ghouls had best not even dream of
getting Embraced —notunless they are descendants
of one of the revenant families.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Vozhd (Tzimisce War Ghouls)

Leave it to the Fiends — if an exquisite ghoul is to be
created, it will be created by the Tzimisce. One particu-
larly monstrous Tzimisce creation is known as the vozhd
(war ghoul),

Each vozhd is composed of approximately 15 to 20
individual ghouls (humans, animals, or combinations)
soldered together through Vicissitude into one colossal,
terrifying monstrosity. Vozhd are created in a variety of
sizes to fit theirdomitors' needs; the largest vozhd on record
measured approximately the size of a tyrannosaurus rex.

In centuries past, Clan Tzimisce used the beasts to
attack rival vampires and mortals. Vozhd are notoriously
jintractable, however, and the rituals used to "ensure"
control are unreliable; the creaturesare more trouble than
they're worth, and dangerous to boot. Few have been
created since the 17th century.

Some younger Tzimisce have been exploring new ways
tocreate vwozhd, ones that would make the creatures easier to
control; however, fledgling attempts to implant computer
microchips into lobotomized ghouls before melding them
together have caused more chaos than good. Then, too, the
Sabbat tells horror stories of one Briareus, a vohd thar
Tetained its sentience and leamed vampiric Disciplines from
the Fiends it devoured. Supposedly, this Briareus stalks the
world's wastelands, cloaked by Obfuscateand consumed with
hate for the vampires who gave it its present hideous form.

offspring often display numerous deformities and birth defects
from centuries of inbreeding. (See Chapter One for more
information on ghoul childbirth.)

Though revenants do not need Kindred blood to sustain
their powers, they do need it if they desire eternal life. While
their own blood contains trace amounts of Kindred vitae, it
does not have enough to sustain the revenants' systems
agelessly. But revenants do have greatly extended life spans;
many live for centuries.

Originally, there were many different revenant families;
most of those families are now extinct. Witch-hunters, non-
Tzimisce Sabbat, independent clans and Camarilla Kindred
wiped out the majority of the revenant population long ago.
The four remaining families — the Grimaldis, the Zantosas,
the Obertuses and the Bratovitches — are closely guarded by
paternalistic Tzimisce. The Tzimisce feel that the families are
integral parts of the clan's culture and reminders of the clan's
origins, and the Tzimisce are very proud of their heritage.

Unbeknownst even to Clan Tzimisce, certain revenant
families, namely the Bratovitches and Zantosas, have formed
rapidly growing cultist societies among the human under-
ground. Revenants barter with mortals and other ghouls, and
administer their blood in exchange for sexual favors, drugsand
protection.

For more information on the revenant families, see the
Character Chapter, pp. 76-81.

The Domitors and Ghouls
of the Independent Clans

That special someone. The jack of diamonds. The king
of hearts. The grave digger. He who possesses an elixir not
unlike that of a paregoric or a soothsayer. One night he came
over. He was beautiful. He was a mess. He stept outa the
gutter and into my arms...

—Lydia Lunch, The Right Side of My Brain

If the Camarilla — or, for that matter, the Sabbat —
knew how frequently the independent clans use ghouls,
they would undoubtedly grow alarmed. The relatively spe-
cialized vampires of the independent clans rely on extensive
networks ofghouls toadminister their herdsand holdings —
and these, particularly for the Assamites, Setites and
Giovanni, are considerable.

Assamite Ghouls
Ghouls inducted into this clan don't suffer nearly so

muchas their counterparts in rival clans — at least they don't
think so. Brainwashed into believing their work is of para-
mount importance, many Assamite ghouls fanatically serve
the clan in any way possible. After all, they figure, they're
going to be Embraced after seven years, right? (Not always.)

Surprisingly enough, many Assamite ghouls are employed
in "civilian" capacities, as spies and religious recruiters. Though
Assamites, asa rule, lack their rivals' more direct powers of mind
control, over the millennia they have woven an intricate
tapestry of influence in their home regions. Wealthy Bombay
gem merchants, imams, ambassadors, urchins, and ordinary
families: All have their purpose, all have their place. Seldom are
these ghouls ever bestowed the Embrace. The Assamites need
for them simply to continue with their mundane services, and
the ghouls do so with alacrity. Camarilla and Sabbat,
stereotypically viewing the Assamites as a homogenous mob of
scimitar-and-Uzi-wielding murderers, often overlook thehumble
rug dealer or glamorous film star. This proves their undoing
when the Assassins themselves, alerted to their enemies' ha-
vens, come calling at midnight...

Mortals chosen as potential Assamites have a finite "life
span." Selected primarily for combat expertise, they are rigor-
ously trained for seven years. They become ghouls in the
process and learn how to tap the power of the Blood. At the
end of the training process, all such ghouls must undergo a test
of merit. If they pass, they are turned into vampires; if they fail,
they are turned into dinner.

As rectuiters and spies, many Assamite ghouls continue
to maintain relations with mortals, though elder ghouls often
demonstrate distressingly reactionary attitudes toward West-
emers and "upstart" women. Even among the already Blood
Bound ghouls, women and those of neither Hindunor Muslim
lineage can be treated with thinly veiled disdain.

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


Recently, it seems, some sort of internal upheaval or purge
has gripped the clan. Though nostories come back from Alamut,
Assamite recruitmentactivity seems to have increased in the past
few years. How this affects the ghouls remains to be seen.

Assamite Domitors

Before being Embraced into the clan, all Assamites go
through rigorous seven-year "training periods" as ghouls, per-
forming numerous chores for the clan while they leam the fine
artofassassination. Because of this enforced period of ghouldom,
the Assamites — as former ghouls themselves — are more
empathetic to their ghouls than are many other clan masters.

Now, empathetic certainly does not mean lenient. To the
contrary, serving as a ghoul for the Assassins is strikingly akin
to going through basic training in the Marine Corps...for seven
years. And after those seven faithful years, there is no
guarantee that ghouls will be granted the gift of
immortality. Assamites who rule over
dutiful ghouls sometimes get a bit posses- Gaal
sive and insecure — why should one {\\\
Embrace a ghoul and lose a devoted
assistant?

When seeking ghouls, clan
members tend to select Semitic
males, although recently more fe-
males and men from areas other
than the Middle East have been
chosen as potential Assassins.
Assamitesdemand honor, hon-
esty and pride from all their
ghouls, andin return the ghouls
have a chance to live forever
among a superior clan.

Setite Ghouls

The Followers' ghouls
come from a variety of sources.
Usefulness is the only criterion,
and even this can be waived if
the domitor-to-be is in a par-
ticularly good (or bad) mood.
Setites use ghouls extensively,
for business, pleasure ot (most
commonly) both.

Surprisingly, Setite
ghouls are often people con-
sidered morally upstandingor
innocent in life. The clan's
work requires numerousmor-
tal ties, and while drug dealers
and the like have their uses, it
is far less obtrusive to work
through politicians, priests and so-
cial workers. Then, too, it is so easy to

lure in the kinks by presenting an angelic child, ripe for
violation, then watching the perverts' horror as the "victim"
stuns them with a hypnotizing stare and lunges at them with
superhuman strength... j

Ofcourse, Setites need more traditional followers as well.
Like Nosferatu, they recruit in lower-income areas, preyingon
individuals with little to lose. Indeed, some enterprising
Setites market their devil's elixir so seductively that mortals
actually perform favors merely for the privilege of obtaining
"the juice." Naturally, Setites refrain from mentioning the side
effect of the Blood Bond until it's too late.

Like Assamite ghouls, Setite ghouls are often manipu-
lated into thinking that their work is of utmost religious
significance. Most Setite ghouls band together in under-
ground cults. Setite ghouls are administered bizarre ritualistic

tinctures as well as blood when Bound to the clan. Then
they are told to Recruit! Recruit! Recruit!
1 In addition to these human ghouls, the Followers

—¥ often find snakes to be loyal servitors, as well as status
>

symbols within the clan. However, the Setites are
careful not to "wear their hearts on their sleeves," soto
speak, so oftentimes clan members have their human
ghouls care for the serpentine ghouls.
The life of a Setite ghoul is an ecstatically
agonizing slide into depravity, but most learn to
enjoy it. Particularly competent, centuries-old
ghouls are pampered, permitted to wallow in
vice, and generally treated with amused indul-
gence. Such ghouls often spearhead Setite
incursions into Camarilla territory, estab-
lishinga daylight beachhead among mortals
before their masters close in for the kill.

Setite Domitors

To spread their message of corrup-
tion as far and as wide as possible, the
Setites need some help from mortals,
who do not live in constant fear of
light. It's quite simple for the aver-
age (so to speak — the Followers
are all far from aver-
age beings) Setite to
find qualified candi-
datesforghouling; both
pure and wicked mortals
make faithful, obedient
Setite ghouls. The Follow-
ers' blood is a highly
addictive nectar, and clan
members are masters of the
Blood Bond, especially vam-

|

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


pires who possess the Addictive Blood Merit (See Clanbook:
Setites, p. 39).

For most vampires, the ghouling process is simple
routine; for Setites, it is art. Some Setites gleefully spend
years setting up the degradation of a particularly uptight or
tighteous slave-to-be — perhaps even secretly guiding him
to the heights of financial and romantic success, then
stripping it all away in one fell swoop. The Setites are well
aware of the story of Job. Then, too, there are few more
effective ways of demoralizing a slave than making him
aware that all his previous worldly success was given to him
ata Setite's whim.

Setite ghouling practices are perverse, as befits
the clan. Clan members gain status for
tectuitingnew ghoulsintotheclan's
coilsparticularlyghoulswhowere "2
considered prudes among the hu-
man populace. Such ghouls a
rately remain prudish for
long, as Setites abuse the
Blood Bond at whim
and out of sheer per-
versity. Forcingone's
| ghouls to commit

degrading acts and Aa

violate loved ones | "nef
| isnot only fun, but s a es

respectedamong the vP
Followers of Set.

Ghouls also make 3
ideal "test subjects"

fornew forms of plea-

sure; a ghoul's oe
superhuman. vitality

enables him to with-

stand chemical or

erotictitillation that

would kill anormal U
mortal.

Giovanni
Ghouls

If you can't
keep it in your |

Many Giovanni disregard or are unaware of the trouble this
causes in ghoul circles, however. It'snotuncommon forachild
tomurder her own mother if the competition for the Embrace
is keen enough.

From birth, many Giovanni are steeped in the politics of
the supernatural, hungering for the endless life of their Kin-
dred relatives. Accordingly, Necromancer ghouls constantly
fight battles of one-upmanship in often-futile attempts to be
Embraced. This competition pleases the vampires: Drop a
mere hintof the possibility ofthe Embrace, and the youngsters'Il
do all the shit work one could ever want.

More than one ghoul has sought out and killed innocent

victims merely to guarantee the domitor a steady supply

of blood or bodies. Others get involved in

petty (and not so petty) crimes in order

4 — to bring in the most money or informa-

tion to their masters. Some of these

unfortunate ghouls are caught, how-

ever, so they either perish bloodless

inprisonorare forced tostrangle

the cops and informants to
death.

Although Giovanni

ghouls are mostly family

members, sometimesaNec-

a {£\ romancer Blood Bonds
AS>!P%} otherpeopletoadvancethe
— clan's interests — medical

students, morticians, priests,
nuns, financial wizards, spiri-
tualist psychics, coronersand
stockbrokersall proveextraor-
dinarily useful to the
Giovanni.

Giovanni
Domitors

The Necroman-
cers love theirghouls.
And they love
plenty of them, too.
The Giovanni
want power above
anything else, and

veins, keep it in

the family. That's
what the
Giovanni say.
The family unit is
the best recruiting
ground for new
Giovanni ghouls.

how better to
achieve that power
than by using
pawns? It becomes
eveneasier fora vam-
pire to attain high
status when the vast
majority of his ghouls
aremembers ofhisown

ght

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


mortal family; with throngs of subservient schiavos (slaves)
indebted by blood and family ties, it's nota difficult chore to
act superior.

Approximately 60% of the clan's ghouls are members
of the Giovanni family itself — while an astounding 100%
of Giovanni are former ghouls. Uncles, grandchildren,
second cousins, brothers, sisters, mothers — all have a shot
at being Embraced later if they perform adequately as
ghouls. It's not easy for them, of course; it's never easy for a
father, stubborn and domineering in life, to take orders from
his own Embraced son. But even if these ghouls are family,
they must learn to be obedient, especially if they'd like to be
candidates for Embrace. And perhaps it is more difficult to
serve a loved one than just "any old vampire." Family
pressure often rises to above the boiling point when money
and power are involved. The Giovanni are familiar with
the old proverb, It's better to swal-
low pride than blood. The
Giovanni want their ghouls to
swallow both. And nobody
should respect you more than
your own flesh and blood,
right?

It is wise for
Giovanni ghoulsto
remember one
tule: Respect above
all else. If a ghoul
should forget this
adage, herdomitor
is capable of re-
minding her with
afew broken bones
or amputated ap-
pendages.

Ravynos Ghouls

Ravnos ghouls don't really have it all that bad, but they
are often insecure, knowing full well that if their capricious
domitors piss off the wrong monster or get annoyed at some
minor misstep, the patshiv's over. Ravnos vampires make sure
Not to get too attached to their hired help, and getting rid of
extra baggage is considered to be good housekeeping. Besides,
Ravnos who need to replace dead ghouls have no trouble
stealing them from other clans. Other than that, ghouldomis
mostly merry and simple for the Ravnos' servants — just do
your work, divert angry enemies away from your domitor's
fleeing butt, and line up to get your red soup.

Rom, particularly members of the mortal Ravnos fam-
ily, are the most commonly created ghouls. Such
ghouls are generally mistrusted

by their mortal kin, but grudg-
ingly allowed to participate in
the rituals of the kumpania.
Gypsy ghouls prove especially
useful, for they often know
tricks of their own in
addition to the pow-
ers of the Blood.
Such servants make
aRavnos' daylight
hours far more
secure.
Georgio
create

also

of these are Em-
braced. Their
masters merrily
con them into
believing it'll
happen "one

492" 4

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

ghouls, but few |


night" —and might even believe it themselves from time to
time — but as a rule, georgio ghouls either die from their
domitors' negligence or act as second bananas until their
domitors find them unnecessary.

Because the clan possesses the Animalism Discipline, it
is common for Ravnos to create animal ghouls, such as
mules, camels, horses and dogs. Not only can animal ghouls
facilitate travel — as is the case with horses — but they can
often perform tricks for mortals and vampires, diverting
attention from their conniving domitors who are looting
the local boutiques, banks and back pockets.

Ravnos ghouls have minimal contact with other clans'
ghouls, but maintain ties with mortals of quality and character
(ie., wealthy people with jewels or other valuables). Many
ghoulsalso engage in alittle daytime thievery for their masters.

Ravynos Domitors

Ravnos do not have many uses for ghouls. (What a drag
to have the annoying little things around cramping one's
lifestyle.) Sometimes ghouls make good patsies, though, and
they're gullible as can be.

While the freedom-loving Ravnos do not like to have
"babies" around to tie them down, it is common practice
for Ravnos to ghoul members of their own mortal
families. Ravnos never forget their roots, and
many share the gift of eternal life with their
loved ones, in hopes of eventually Embracing
them into the clan.

Ravnos do not hate or systematically mis-
treat ghouls, especially those whowere previously
members of their mortal families. Whenaghoul &
isBound toa Ravnos, though, he'd better watch
his step; if he makes a mistake or otherwise
displeases, he may find himself the butt of a
Killingjoke. The Ravnos justloveagood laugh.....

The Clanless and
Their Ghouls

The Caitiff and their Sabbat counterparts, the
Panders, often have trouble coaxing mortals to be their
ghouls —and when they do, the ghouls in question are
infora bumpy ride. Caitiff and Panders employ ghouls
tospy on Camarilla and Sabbat Kindred and to act as
lures to Caitiff havens, where the outcasts can then
attempt to diablerize their Kindred foes.

Some Caitiffand Panders find ghouling tobe simple.
Many don't even know they're creating ghouls when they
feed their blood to others. And the Clanless aren't too

particular about whom they choose as recipients of their
mongrel blood. Anybody is good enough to be a friend, and
a friend in need (of blood) is a friend indeed.

Caitiff and Pander ghouls may have more difficult
obstacles to overcome when working for their domitors, but
in general the Clanless empathize with their ghouls; accord-
ingly, ghouls are treated with much more respect by Panders
or Caitiff than by, say, the Lasombra. This can, of course, be
taken to extremes: Ghouls are sometimes deluded by Caitiff
domitors into roles as worshippers in elite blood cults.

Regrettably, some
Caitiff feel that the
IX. only power they have
SY is over ghouls, so they
abuse them severely
the age-old abused-turn-
ing-into-the-abuser
syndrome plagues
many of the Clanless.

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


Caitiff domitors may abandon their ghouls or refuse to
Embrace them even after years of continued service. Some
even drain their ghouls completely during the long dry
seasons between feedings.

The Age of Reason or the
Age of Innocence?

Just as a human being's grandparents treat their grand-
son differently than his parents treat him, ghouls tend to be
viewed differently by domitors of different ages and genera-
tions. Age has a bearing on how a vampire sees the world
around her, and on how she treats those who serve her.

© Methuselahs — In order to sustain their immortality,
many Methuselahs retreat from vampiric society and keep
their noses out of the Jyhad, much like members of the
Inconnu do. Butsometimesa guy's got to eat, so Methuselahs
often retain a few ancient ghouls who can procure tasty
mortal and Kindred treats for their masters.

Many Methuselahs, after multiple centuries of unlife,
have little desire or need to discipline their ghouls. At this
point, having performed the same rituals since the rule of
Charlemagne, the ghouls know exactly what the master
wants and when he wants it. Indeed, Methuselahs often
become somewhat emotionally attached to their ghouls,
welcoming ghouls into their unlives in order to feel a bit of
warmth in their later years. It greatly saddens a Methuselah
ghoul when her domitor asks her to kill him; it happens,
though, because some Methuselahs can no longer bear
immortality after they reach a certain age.

A few suicidal Methuselahs Embrace their ghouls, then
have them commit mercy killings. After the Methuselah's
Final Death, the newly Embraced vampire then takes over
his former master's role.

¢ Methuselah Ghouls — Older and more powerful than
many vampires, these centuries-old ghouls have survived the
turbulence of the ages. Many of these ghouls, having served
multiple domitors during their existences, know more about
Kindred society than most Kindred do. Ghouls "in the know"
view Methuselah ghouls with as much awe as vampires display
toward theirclans' Antediluvians— yet they are equally afraid
of these enigmatic creatures, whoare rumored tostalk Kindred
and lesser ghouls.

Kindred also fear these cunning, survivalist ghouls.
Methuselah ghouls' vast knowledge, ability to move in
daylight and skill at masquerading as mortals make them
nightmarish foes.

Despite their often chilly facades, Methuselah ghouls
are among the most emotionally erratic ghouls around.
Their outlooks are more alien than many Kindred of tender
years. Their awareness of philosophy and the "ghoul" con-

dition comes from ancient tomes and their domitors' lips. It
is common for them to abuse "lowly" ghouls without feeling

an ounce of remorse or pity — after all, this is how they've

been treated forever.

Nonetheless, ghouls of this age are lucky, relatively
speaking. By this age, the master has had countless opportu-
nities to kill them and has decided against it, so many
Methuselah ghouls are treated with leniency and allowed to
do as they please so long as they carry out their duties. After
all, at this point, servitude is so ingrained that the thought
of freedom is quite alien to them.

Elders — Elders can make the most sadistic or the
most lenient domitors, depending on personal experiences
and clan affiliations. Toughened and jaded by centuries of
unlife, most elders couldn't give a human's backside about
their ghouls. Ghouls were made to be servants, and servants
should not attempt to rise above their stations. Some elders,
though, have kept the same ghouls for centuries. Such
"heirloom" ghouls are usually given preferential treatment,
serving their domitors as chambermaids and personal ser-
vants. (For more information on elders, see Elysium: The
Elder War.)

¢ Elder Ghouls —Tosum itup in one word, elder ghouls
are "extreme": extremely submissive, extremely conservative,
extremely codependent and extremely unfortunate. Elder
vampires rarely Embrace their loyal ghouls, and elder ghouls
came to terms with this fact long ago. Most are content to be
blood addicts forever, destined to an immortality serving a
tyrannical vampire. Of course, these ghouls typically have
little choice in the matter, as they've passed the point at which
they can survive without vitae.

Strangely enough, many elder ghouls treat their
domitors' childer like their own flesh and blood, acting like
hideously indebted nannies. Most elder ghouls don't have
much contact with humans, and caring for their domitors'
childer is one of the few things that keeps them in touch
with their neglected human sides.

© Inconnu — Most Inconnu are fourth- and fifth-
generation vampires who want nothing to do with "lesser"
Kindred. As Inconnu believe they can escape the Jyhad by
hiding away from the world, they don't tend to create many
ghouls. Still, Inconnu Monitors must occasionally meddle
in the affairs of their inferiors, so, like Methuselahs, they use
powerful ghouls as agents provocateurs.

Inconnu ghoul humans who, though competent, are
deemed unlikely to maintain emotional ties with mortals or
vampires. All Inconnu ghoulsare immediately Blood Bound,
and Inconnu prefer to ghoul mute humans who cannot leak
a word of the sect's secrets.

* Inconnu Ghouls — Inconnu ghouls are feared by
vampires and fellow ghouls alike. This is partly because of
the mystery that surrounds their hermitlike domitors, and
partly because they are not swayed by human emotion like

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

'

most other ghouls. Of course, mute ghouls (approximately
10% of Inconnu ghouls) can't express their dissatisfaction
ot angst even if they want to.

These Blood Bound recluses exist solely to serve their
vampire masters, and their masters treat them well, for the
ghouls conduct all of the domitors' "business," which con-
sists mainly of hunting for Golconda lore and fresh blood.
Inconnu ghouls often leave their masters' sides for extended
periods, traveling on one errand or another, and this lack of
supervision makes them quite dangerous. The heady status
ofbeinga "noble" Inconnu ghoul, combined with the power
inherent to serving a fifth-generation Cainite, often results
ina cold-hearted, snobbish killing machine. Vampires and
shouls who know anything about Inconnu ghouls know to
keep the hell away...or die. Mortals, unfortunately, die
anyway, due to their ignorance.

* Ancillae — Ancilla vampires can be the cruelest
vampires of the lot. After all, they're at that awkward age —
Embraced before World War II, the Civil Rights Move-
ment, Vietnam and the Equal Rights Movement.
Furthermore, their reactionary attitudes are stoked by the
frustration of not being powerful enough to throw their
weight around as they please. This disappointment often
vents itself on an unsuspecting ghoul.

In ancillae's eyes, ghouls are useful couriers, servants,
pawns, cannon fodder, and bits of glue to cement a power
structure; certainly eternal life and the power of the Blood
are enough for such creatures. Ghouls should be seen and
not heard, except when offering flattery.

On the other hand, wiser ancillae realize that a few
loyal ghouls can make the difference between a weak power
base and one strong enough to challenge the lesser elders.
These ancillae often form cadres of organized, fanatical
ghouls, deploying them expertly against lesser and greater
Kindred alike.

* Ancilla Ghouls — The main difference between
elder ghouls and ancilla ghouls is that elder ghouls are
resigned to serving their domitors; ancilla ghouls do the
same dirty work for their masters, but are more resentful and
prone to rebellion when mistreated, which is quite often.
While ancilla vampires are generally too powerful to worry
about an open rebellion, they must keep their ghouls close
at hand, lest their ghouls form secret cliques with other
disaffected servitors. Of course, not all ancilla ghouls know
how to express their anger through the usual human chan-
nels; many kiss undead ass until they're Embraced, then turn
completely on the vampires who Embraced them.

* Neonates — Depending on the circumstances, neo-
mate ghouls might consider themselves lucky or unlucky;
domitor behavior among this bunch can be quite unpredict-
able. Many neonatesare still learning to master their vampiric
Disciplines, and ghouls often become the most convenient
practice tools for students of such Disciplines as Dominate,
Vicissitude, Potence and Thaumaturgy. Though many ghouls

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?

61

suffer harsh treatment at the hands of the neonates, a lot of
these servitors were seduced into servitude by these suave and
still humanlike young Kindred, and so "puppy love" is still
common among this set. Neonates love the power they wield
over their ghouls, and the ghouls generally love serving their
domitors, as it gives their lives purpose and meaning.

* Neonate Ghouls— Neonate ghouls must constantly
contend with theirangst-filled, recently Embraced domitors'
troubles. Many don't mind, however; the Blood Bond is still
anovelty, and so these ghouls tend to be hopelessly devoted
to their hip young domitors. Still, ghouls who serve neo-
nates have to learn (often the hard way) how to be versatile;
those who can't cope with their masters' fickleness and
emotional tribulations don't tend to last long. Then, too,
many neonate ghouls serve as guinea pigs for their domitors'
"Discipline experiments"; such physical and mental viola-
tion often drives vassals into shrieking frenzies.

Neonate ghouls are more technologically savvy than
other ghouls, giving their masters an unexpected edge in
Kindred machinations. Neonate ghouls also tend to be
better at interaction with mortals, as they still retain a good
deal of their natural human empathy. This usefulness,
however, can be a double-edged sword; older ghouls often
become jealous of their younger brethren, doing everything
they can to frame or ruin them.

Ghouls' Roles in the
World of Darkness

While ghouls differ according to clan affiliation and
age, they also take on specific societal roles in the World of
Darkness. Ghoul vassals, independents and revenants all
serve different functions in their collective society. Some
more common functions are described below.

Vassals

These ghouls are the most loyal to their domitors, for
most of them are Blood Bound. Vassals readily perform any
and all tasks for their domitors, even if they must humiliate
or hurt themselves in the process.

© Bodyguards — The strongest, ugliest vassals are
chosen to be bodyguards for their vampiric masters, guard-
ing their domitors at all times and acting as bouncers and
door staff at havens. Most of these ghouls are happy perform-
ing their duties; their domitors usually feed them more blood
than other ghouls, in order for them to maintain high levels
of physical prowess.

© Specialists — Brainier vassals with special talents
and skills are used as specialists. Vampires rely heavily on
such ghouls to conduct business practices with which they
are unfamiliar, such as accounting, computer hacking, mor
talinvestigation, stock urading and drawing up (often bogus)
contracts. Sometimes these duties include killing off a few
nosy mortals or rival ghouls, but the specialists aren't too
concerned as long as they get their vitae.

¢ Paramours — Paramours consider themselves the
luckiest ghouls of all; after all, they reason, they don't have
to fight or otherwise endanger themselves for their masters.

How wrong they are.

Paramours are chosen purely for their companionship.
On good nights, they are showered with affection and dosed
up with enough scrumptious vitae for a whole cadre of
ghouls. On bad nights, however, paramours are beaten
nearly to death, mentally raped, and casually drained of
blood — and they are expected to smile through the
intolerable abuse, because, of course, they are theirdomitors'
best buddies, and that means constantly reaffirming their
loyalty to their masters.

A different sort of paramour is the lure. Lures are ghouls
chosen for physical attractiveness and charm; these vassals
are sent out to cruise the Rack, picking up likely victims and
bringing them back to their domitors' havens.

Independents

The polar opposites of their vassal counterparts, indepen-
dent ghouls are exactly what their moniker implies:
independent. Independent ghouls roam the streets, working
"freelance" for various vampires or finding their own blood
through unsavory methods.

© Stalkers — Fed up with vampiric rules, and far from
submissive, these ghouls hunt Kindred to attain their own
stocks of blood. Successful stalkers also act as blood dealers,
selling or trading Kindred blood to other ghouls in exchange
for money and favors. Such a lifestyle is exceedingly difficult
tomaintain; few stalkers survive more thana year or two, but
those who do are among the toughest mortals around.

Brokers — Brokers serve as freelance contractors for
many vampires, but are careful never to become bound to
any particular domitor. Vampires typically use brokers when
they and their servants are under foes' scrutiny and cannot
act directly. They carry out orders and do lots of behind-the-
scenes dirty work in exchange for vampiric vitae.

Smart businesspeople, brokers typically become stron-
gerand more well-rounded than other ghouls; after ingestion
of many different clans' vitae, they can inherit more Disci-
pline knowledge than other ghouls can.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


A particularly repulsive type of broker is the slaver.
Slavers conduct a thriving underground trade in human
flesh, abducting mortals and selling them to vampires. A few
slavers (those with enough influence in mortal society to
cover up missing-persons cases and provide victims "to
order") have become extremely wealthy and powerful.

* Cultists — The World of Darkness fosters many
strange practices, and so a number of fringe religious cults
based on blood worship exist in the societal underground.

; Ghoul cultists worship Kindred for their blood, yet are lucky
enough not to be Bound to any particular vampire. Such
cults often maintain a symbiosis with their "gods," taking
"sacrament" in exchange for favors.

3 Vampires treat the cults as they would shrubbery: occa-
sionally nurturing them, but pruning them to the roots when
necessary (for example, when the cultists' peripheral activities
threaten to violate the Masquerade).

* Pedants — Few and far between, ghoul pedants are
occasionally hired by Camarilla vampires as "obedience in-
structors" to train more defiant, troublesome ghouls. Fewer
than a dozen such ghouls exist in the United States; most are
former servants of the Inconnu who were allowed to leave.
Theyare prized by Camarilla vampires, for they show nomercy
toward their ghoul pupils.

Reyenants

Loyal to the Sabbat, yet not serving any particular
vampire, revenants are not so useful as they were in less
civilized times. Still, many serve Clan Tzimisce as spies, and
tevenant families are spawning grounds for potential neo-
nate Tzimisce. A growing number of revenants are becoming
much like their cultist ghoul counterparts, worshipping
nomadic packs and fleshcrafted Tzimisce "icons."

Stupid Ghoul Tricks,
Or, Games Vampires Play

The dark horse will bring glory to the jailer and his men.
It's always much more sporting when there's families in
the pit and the madness of the crowd is an epileptic fit.
In the colosseum tonight.

—Tom Waits, "In the Colosseum"

Aside from serving vampires in a multitude of capacities,
shoulsappeal to more playful vampires as well. One must treat
cneself toa little recreation now and then, and it's no longer
achallenge to be evil when everyone is already afraid of you.
Tocombat apathy, Kindred have, over the centuries, used
thouls as gamepieces in the deadliest of contests.

The games test a ghoul's willpower and strength the
old-fashioned Darwinian way: Survival of the fittest. Ghouls
who perform consistently well are usually rewarded with
higher status, extra doses of Kindred blood, decreased du-
ties, and a better chance of being picked for the Embrace.
Conversely, ghouls who fail to perform up to par during the
heated competitions risk Derangements, abandonment,
brutalization, increased duties, and even execution by other
ghouls or shamed domitors.

© The Main Event — One of the most popular games
is a variant of cockfighting, known in vampiric circles as
"The Main Event." Generally speaking, such bloodsports
are limited to Nosferatu, Brujah and independent clans,
though the occasional Toreador-serving fencer or szlachta
pit fighter participates.

Main Event tourneys can involve weapons or bare
hands, but they are generally lethal; the vampiric spectators
find the bloodshed erotic. Nosferatu often enter masked
ghouls reminiscent of lucha libre fighters, while more brutal
clans prefer their ghouls to fight with spiked cesti or other
weapons. In any event, gladiators' Potence and healing
capabilities make for lengthy, interesting fights.

A few enterprising vampires have even entered their
fighters in pro wrestling circuits or Ultimate Fighting Cham-
pionships, though various unfortunate accidents usually
curtail the careers of such rising stars.

* Pin the Tail on the Lackey — Only Tzimisce
domitors commonly participate in this Sabbat mainstay, for
it tests a vampire's skill with Vicissitude. Generally speak-
ing, this game is played by younger, "adolescent" Fiend:
Tzimisce elders find the competition somewhat undigni
fied. Still, Panders, Brujah and Nosferatu antitribu love to
watch, and so the ad hoc contests will likely continue for
nights to come.

Prior to the actual competition, each Tzimisce master
selects five newly ghouled humans, then proceeds to alter
them in a fast-paced body-reconstruction showdown. The
domitor is given 15 minutes to make each member of his
ghoul quintet look as inhuman as possible, using only his
mastery and knowledge of various Vicissitude techniques.
The winning Fiend is determined by a panel of Tzimisce
judges as the vampire unveils her new Vicissitude-worked
"animal" creations.

© The Frenetic Frenzy — In this event, ghouls com-
pete with each other to resist frenzy for as long as possible
while faced with horrifying situations. There are different
categories in this event, each relating to a different ghoul
weakness.

Past categories have included the following: pumping
up the ghoul with 10 times as much vitae as he is given
normally; forcing the ghoul to watch the torturous exsan-
guination of a mortal child; strapping the ghoul to an

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?


operating table and forcing an IV into his veins, slowly but
steadily draining blood from his system; and force-feeding
the ghoul bits of flesh from his mortal loved ones' bodies.

Winners of this event — those ghouls who resist frenzy
for the longest amount of time, or those who resist it
completely — are deemed more powerful than their fellows,
and they are often marked for possible Embrace.

* Sex Tableaux — This game is a particular favorite
among Toreador domitors, but elders from most Camarilla
clans have been known to force their ghouls' participation
in this humiliating spectacle. It's simple — whether or not
it's feeding time, a defiant ghoul is forced to overdose on
vitae, then directed to a "stage" with several other pumped-
up ghouls. It usually takes only minutes for the ghouls to
frenzy, libidinously clawing at each other and sampling each
other's blood. The domitors sit at the sidelines, cackling like
hyenas, as their ghouls go about the pornographic yet
interesting process of satisfying their base biological needs.

* Twisted Trysts — This particular game requires much

t more forethought and planning than the others, but bored

Elysium vampires who set up the Trysts get ample satisfaction

from witnessing their ghouls' pain and heartache. Basically,

Camarilla Harpies subtly steer their ghouls toward nervous

breakdowns, then make it look as if things are the ghouls' own

fault. The Trysts always involve fellow ghouls or domitors on

whom the ghouls have developed crushes. The vampires

orchestrate grandiose gestures, attribute them to the pining

ghouls, then watch from behind the scenes as the ghouls fail

wa intheirattemptstofind happinessand romance. This "Melrose

Place" ofa ghoulish game is the soap opera of choice for crafty

—~ \ domitors who have extra time on their hands...what's a few
months' planning to an immortal, anyway?

Stuck in the Mortal Coil:
: The Human Side of the
: Ghoul Equation |

SS Ghouls are still mortal. This simple statement embod-
ies a host of relationships and responsibilities — from babies
to bosses — that the alienated Kindred simply don't think
about. The inevitable dichotomy that occurs within each
ghoul can metamorphose into a devastating battle.

4

Some ghouls deny the presence of their supematural
abilities, fearing that they will be labeled witches, lunatics or
addicts. A few ghouls, suffering from the nocturnal visitationsof
Cauchemars, treat the whole incident as a recurring dream ot
nightmare. Indeed, domitors with Obfuscate and/or Psychic
Projection sometimes deliberately foster this delusion; they visit
their drowsy servitors in the guise of "visions," ordering them to _,
commit various acts over the succeeding days.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


|

Other ghouls, particularly those who suffered from
emotional handicaps in their mortal lifestyles, revel in their
status. These ghouls quickly (and often violently) lift them-
selves up in the mortal pecking order, becoming abusive
bullies (behavior often reinforced by the domitor). Such
ghouls swiftly become dependent on vitae to maintain their
Potence and power over mortals, who may have abused
them previous to their transformations.

Most ghouls, however, wind up asalienated as their masters.
Asthey move deeper into their weird noctumal world, they find
themselves unable toconfide in their mundane friends, out of fear
ofthe Masquerade or fear of ridicule. As a ghoul grows more and
more distant from his daylight world, friends, loved ones and
relatives disappear — not in one fell swoop, as with the Embrace,
but with heartbreaking slowness. A date broken in favor of some
errand for the domitor; a friendship cast aside, as the ghoul refuses
toreveal why she's "been acting so weird" lately; a child suffering
thewrath ofa Potence-boosted frenzy. ..all too often, ghouls find
suicide to be the only way out.

An especially troublesome phenomenon is that of the
abandoned ghoul, a mortal who was fed vitae but subsequently
neglected. These wretched ghouls often have no idea what is
happening to their bodies and minds; they crave something, but
can't quite put their fingers on it. Many such ghouls, feeling
odd sensations in their blood, seek out drugs from street gangs
and dealers, thinking they need injections of some sort.
Coupled with the recent resurgence of heroin's popularity, this
longing has led numerous ghouls to messy deaths from over-
dose, as they inject more and more smack in a desperate
attempt to quiet the craving. Some ghouls share needles with
humans, spreading their vampire-tainted blood to mortals,
while others contract AIDS and other potentially fatal viruses
from the unsterilized needles. In the last few years, this
phenomenon has ravaged lower-income communities. In-
deed, the Setites have taken notice and are considering using
similar tactics as part of subversive wars of attrition against
Camarilla vampires' herds.

Sex and the Single Ghoul

Even after their transformations, ghouls retain the
desire to give and receive affection. Not surprisingly, many
ghouls, physically and psychologically traumatized by the
transformation, become obsessed with sexual activity as a
way to feel human (and to work offall that Potence they've
inherited from Kindred vitae). In some ways, vampire
blood can be looked at as a gateway drug, one that leads the
ghouls to obsess about matters such as sexuality.

More often than not, ghouls want only their beloved
domitors. Unfortunately, though vampires may be sensual
crvatures, they are far from being sexual creatures, and ghouls
want more than quick kisses or emotionless romps in the coffin.

Since the nights of the First City, vampires have struggled
todeal with their ghouls' overeager libidos. Many Kindred ask
their ghouls to find people whom they consider attractive,
then bring them home to the vampire's haven to be ghouled
as communal concubines. This doesn't always work out, as
each ghoul has different tastes and desires, and many ghouls'
predilections are seen as "perverse" by other servitors.
Vampires, no longer understanding sexuality but ab-
stractly realizing its usefulness as a carrot/stick, often use sex
as a motivator. Typically, a vampire finds a pleasing victim
and Blood Bonds him, offering this ghoul's services as
reward for the more productive members of his entourage.
Star performers may even be granted a half-hour or so of
sanguinary pleasure with the master, though such ecstasy is
typically limited to oral pursuits. And for those ghouls who
are notso productive. ..well, there are always the hellhounds.

Ghouls who enjoy sadomasochistic activity tend to be
the luckiest of the lot. Although vampires don't enjoy
intercourse, many find that beating and whipping their
ghouls into shape is an excellent catharsis for the Beast, and
sexually submissive ghouls experience the orgasms of their
lives when their domitors "punish" them for pleasure. And
healing their own wounds is half the fun.

A Confederacy of Ghoul
Secret Societies and
Ghoul Cults

After toomuch time spentas victims, many ghouls decide to
seek enlightenment and tranquillity in religion — or to seek
vengeance on the monsters who created them. Some younger
ghouls, sick of being bossed around by older vampires, escape the
clans and seek refuge in ghoul cultist compounds or underground
ghoul societies, where they can call the shots. Ghoul societiesand
religious cults existed during the Dark Ages (the Priests of Setand
the Orderofthe Sable Rose beingtwo examples), butmodern-era
ghouls have formed numerous new underground societies and
cults, some of which are detailed below.

The Sanguinaries

This extremely secretive society was set up by an angry
Caitiff ghoul known only by the code name "Adam." Frus-
trated hy his fellow ghouls' dependence on cruel domitors,
Adam teamed up with an influential Zantosarevenant, who
managed to get enough Tzimisce blood to "set up shop" with
the Caitiff ghoul. The pair began selling vials of blood to
other defiant ghouls, in exchange for favors of various sorts.

The Sanguinaries exists primarily in the United States,
though a few cells extend into Canada and Central America. It
isasmall sect, and most of its power is concentrated in the hands

Chapter Two: Masters and Servants?

of Adam and the Zantosa— which is exactly the way they like
it. Though Sanguinaries doctrine espouses the lofty ideals of
liberation and enlightenment, the sect is basically a business,
and thrives on the desperation of the ghouls who come to it.
Rumor has it that an escaped Tremere ghoul has
recently joined the sect — one who knows enough about
Thaumaturgy to transform mortal blood into vampire vi-
tae. If so, the Sanguinaries may well face summary
extermination by a wrathful Clan Tremere.

The Disciples of Set

The Disciples of Set was initially formed in 1989 by two
disillusioned Setite ghouls: Aziza Mohareb of Egypt, and
Steven O'Malley of San Francisco. Aziza had been turned
into a ghoul by Farouk, a Setite elder who, in typical Setite
fashion, forced Aziza to sexually entice mortals into the
Setites' clutches. Aziza was disgusted by his orders, but could
do little against the power of the Blood Bond.

Farouk and Aziza traveled to San Francisco, where the
Followers thought they could find easy converts. Farouk met
O'Malley at a gay bar in the Castro District. Steven was a
bouncer there and had numerous contacts in the local
leather community. Seeing great potential in the young
man, Farouk decided to ghoul Steven and take him back to
Egypt, in preparation for Embracing the young man.

Unfortunately forthe Setite, Steven's enraged lover Timo-
thy heard through the grapevine what had happened to Steven,
and he and his biker friends set out to kill the vampire. Much to
thebikers' dismay, they were unable to find Farouk, who had fled
townaftera horrifying run-in with an Asian vampire. But in his
haste, Farouk had abandoned both Aziza and Steven.

The two ghouls banded together with the bikers to search
for Farouk. The group caught up with the erstwhile domitor in
Seattle, where he had established a ramshackle temple and
created a few new ghouls. Armed with stakes and razor blades,
Aziza, Steven, and their biker allies stormed the temple.
Farouk's ghouls went into frenzy, and, in the chaos, Farouk was
slashed and staked into torpor. Aziza and Steven drained him
of most of his vitae, then fed the leftovers to the bikers and the
worshipping ghouls. The various factions united into a group
known as the Disciples of Set, a society formed to worship
Aziza and Steven as the true prophets of the Dark God Set.

The Setites, of course, find this extremely amusing. Fornow,
theyare willingtolet the "Disciples" run their course, realizing the
group's usefulness as a red herring. In a few years, after they have
evaluated the usefulness of the organization, they will decide
whether to bring it into their coils or simply strike it down.

The Unmastered

This society is covered in depth in the Storytelling
Chapter of this book, pp. 94-98.

The Young Bloods

This gang of vicious mercenaries was formed in 1994,
when a group of werewolf fomori attacked a Nosferatu
antitribu who was dumb enough to explore the ugly land-
scape surrounding the East River one cold night. The fomori
ripped the vampire apart with their sharp talons, but cap-
tured the dead Nosferatu's ghoul, Judas. The ghoul and the
fomori came to an arrangement: The Wyrm-spawn would
provide Judas with his fix, and in return Judas would help the
fomori hunt down and destroy other vampires.

Judasleaked word of thedeal to hisfriend Dave, a Malkavian
antitribu's ghoul who suffered from Multiple Personality Disor-
der. Judas figured his new Bane allies would welcome a fellow
ghoul who had 26 different personalities (13 of them psychotic);
Judas was right. For his part, Dave was elated at the chance to
escape his vicious domitor, who abused him on a nightly basis.
Dave informed the fomori of his domitor's whereabouts, and
they messily destroyed the Malkavian. This pattern continued,
and Judasand Dave recruited more and more fed-up ghouls into
the renegade group's fold, luring them in with promises of vitae
and revenge on their domitors.

Eventually, the Young Bloods (as the ghoul gang dubbed
itself) became such a powerful force that the Wyrm-corrupted
corporation Pentex took the group under its wing. Pentex
provided the Young Bloods with motorcycles; now the ghouls
roam from city to city, destroying Lupines and vampires alike.
Packs of Young Bloods travel throughout the U.S., and rumor
has it that some of them have even migrated to Europe.

For more information on the Young Bloods, see World
of Darkness: Midnight Circus.

The Sacrament of the Reborn

This faction of abandoned ghouls believes that by
worshipping the Kindred and chanting from The Book of
Nod, a new, messianic domitor will appear to give its mem-
bers the precious blood they desire. Primarily composed of
former Gangrel, Ravnos and Caitiff ghouls, the Sacrament
zealously adheres to the teachings of its leader, the mysteri-
ous Reverend Kam. Kam and his close followers dwell on an
expansive private compound in Brazil; from here, the char-
ismatic Kam broadcasts his messages of salvation and prayer
to all members of the Sacrament.

In reality, Reverend Kam is a Setite ghoul. He admin-
isters blood to the ignorant ghouls from his own private
stock of addictive Setite blood, and after three prayer
sessions, the ghouls are effectively Blood Bound to the
Setites. Reverend Kam is being considered for the Em-
brace, and the ghouls are blissfully happy to have new
domitors and steady supplies of blood. Prayer really works
miracles.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Jody: Shit. Why you think we gave you such a hard time
growin' up here, boy? Trynna toughen you up.
— Garth Ennis, Preacher

Ghoul characters are built in a fashion similar to
vampires, but there are a number of key differences. The
most important, of course, is that ghouls get fewer dots to
distribute among their Traits. However, although they may
be weaker than the average beginning Vampire character,
ghouls have a number of advantages all their own.

This chapter presents full rules for creating ghoul

"characters usable in a Vampire chronicle, in an all-ghoul
chronicle, or even in other Storyteller System games such as
Werewolf: The Apocalypse. A ghoul's Traits will for the
most part be identical to those presented in the Vampire:
The Masquerade rulebook. However, to properly play Sabbat
ghouls or revenants and their inhuman Virtues, the Players
Guide to the Sabbat may be useful. If you don't have this
tulebook, go ahead and wing it.

Ofcourse, the rules presented here are optional. They've
been chosen to maintain the spirit of the World of Darkness
while keeping play fairly balanced, but if you have difficulty
with a certain ruling, change it. Nobody knows your game
better than you do, and your group is always the final arbiter
of what works best around its table.

Note: In some chronicles, being a ghoul may require a
five-point Merit. Ifso, any player who pays the point cost for
the Merit may generate a character per the rules below.

Character Creation

* Step One: Character Concept
Choose concept: Vassal, Revenant or Independent

(Revenants only) Select ghoul family:

Bratovitch: Monstrous and bizarre hunters and
deviants.

Grimaldi: The most human of revenants, they live
among mortals.

Obertus: Reclusive scholars who seek forbidden
knowledge.

Zantosa: Hedonist dilettantes who serve them-
selves.
© Step Two: Select Attributes
Prioritize categories: Physical, Social, Mental (6/4/3)
Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Dexterity, Stamina
Choose Social Traits: Cha
Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence, Wits
* Step Three: Select Abilities
Prioritize categories: Talents, Skills, Knowledges (11/7/4)
Choose Talents: Your natural aptitudes
Choose Skills: What you've been trained to do
Choose Knowledges: What you've studied
© Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5), Disciplines (Potence 1, + 1 other
Discipline) and Virtues (7, or 5 for Sabbat ghouls and revenants)

isma, Manipulation, Appearance

Vassals: Choose a Discipline known to your domitor
Revenants: Choose a family Discipline
Independents: Choose any Discipline

* Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Virtues, Humanity/Path of Enlightenment, Will-
power and Blood Pool

Spend "freebie points" (21)

Chapter Three: Character Creation


Step One: Concept

Character concepts cover a lot of ground. A ghoul can be
anybody, who's been ghouled for any reason. Let's face it; if a
Toreador catches sight of a pretty face in a crowd, ghouling
said darling is far less risky than giving her the Embrace. If you
grow tired ofher, no one will complain if you neatly dispose of
her. A childe is forever —a ghoul is only for as long as it suits
you. What's more, anybody who's good at anything, whether
it's car maintenance, secretarial skills or street combat, might
be ghouled bya Cainite who has use for that particular skill. So
what if a Brujah is only interested in Embracing someone as
sexy as she is— hell, her ghouls could look like Mr. Whipple
and Martha Raye. Since the standards for ghouldom are less
exacting, your basic concept could range anywhere from an
Indiana Jonesish archaeologist to "that quiet guy next door."

Your concept includes your basic image (and self-
image), Nature and Demeanor. It also defines your role in
the chronicle. Generally speaking, your character begins
the game either as a vassal under the Blood Bond to a
domitor, asa member ofa revenant family, orasan indepen-
dent with alternate means of obtaining vitae to preserve her
powers. Whichever way, you should at least think about the
following questions, the better to flesh out your character.

© In General: How did you first find out you were twice
as strong as before, and what did you do with your newfound
power? What's your day job; do you have trouble there these
days? Have you ever been driven into a frenzy, and how? Do
you know you're an addict, or do you fool even yourself? How
do you rationalize your "habit"? What sorts of problems do you
have in your everyday life — your boss, significant other,
relatives? Do you hate anybody enough that you now feel like
doing something about it — or have you done it already? Do
you know that youcan heal yourself from near-mortal wounds,
and how does that knowledge affect your behavior? How
would you describe the Blood; what metaphors best sum up
thatincredible rush? Do youknow that other ghouls exist; how
do you feel about them? Would you let a loved one become a
ghoul; would you encourage her ot try to prevent it?

* Vassals: What sort of person were you before you became
a ghoul? How have you felt your personality change since you
began your service? Do you define yourself solely in terms of your
relation to your master? Why were you chosen; what do youhave
to offer your domitor? Were you tricked into becoming a ghoul,
or did you go willingly? Are you treated fairly, or is your liege
abusive? What clan is your master, and what role does she play
among the city's Kindred? Is she of high status, an outcast, or
somethingelse? Are youszlachta; ifso, do youevergooutin public?
Have you ever felt anything as powerful as the Blood Bond?

¢ Revenants: What family do you belong to? Howstrong
is your loyalty to your family? How did your extremely pro-
longed childhood affect you? Were you abused by your family?
Do you have any sibling rivalries? How much do you know

about the Sabbat? Were you immersed in Sabbat politics early
on? Have youbeen abused by the ghoul-hating members of the
sect? Why are you active away from home? Will you ever go
back, and if so, how do you think you will be received?

© Independents: How did you receive your first taste of
vitae? Did you know about vampires before you became a
ghoul? How do you maintain your supply of the Blood? Do you
interact with Kindred on their own terms, or do you deliber-
ately avoid becoming entangled in their politics? Do youknow
anything about the clans? Are you an escaped ghoul? If so, |
what was your role: paramour, szlachta, aide? Have you been
contacted by the Unmastered? Do you know about any other
denizens of the World of Darkness? Do you want to?

Step Two: Attributes

Mortals begin play with less raw potential than vam-
pire characters do. A ghoul has fewer dots to divide among
her Attributes, as her capabilities are more mundane —at
the start. You begin play with one free dot in each At
tribute, of course. After prioritizing your Attributes, you
may then spend six dots among your primary Attributes,
four among your secondary, and three among your tertiary.

Your concept helps define how you arrange your At
tributes; for more information, see the two-page spreads on
ghoul types.

Step Three: Abilities

Again, ghouls start with fewer dots than do Kindred
characters. After prioritizing your Abilities, you have II
dots to divide among your primary Abilities, seven for
secondary, and four for your tertiary Abilities. As usual, you
may not spend more than three dots in any Ability during
this stage of character creation. q

Step Four: Advantages

Although far weaker than Cainites, ghouls still have an
edge over ordinary men and women. All ghouls begin play
with one dot of Potence, which is instinctively learned almost
immediately. Each ghoul also has one dot in another Disci-
pline, which should be chosen according to the character
concept. If you're playing a vassal, you must pick a Discipline
that your domitor knows. Check with your Storyteller; your
domitor's clan will usually be a guide. If you're playing a
revenant, you should choose your second Discipline from the
traditional Disciplines of your family. Independent ghouls
have no "clan" restrictions, but if you are creating an indepen-
dent character, the Storyteller may require you to choose your
second dot from among the "instinctive" physical Disciplines |
(Celerity, Fortitude and Potence).

Twoexceptions to thisruleare Proteanand Thaumaturgy;
these highly specific Disciplines are available only to Gangrel
and Tremere vassals, respectively. And while the indepen-

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


dentand Sabbat clans' Disciplines are not "off limits" as such,
ghouls who know Quietus or Obtenebration (for example)
had better have a good reason for their knowledge.

Ghouls (and revenants) are typically limited to learning
only the first level of any Discipline; their borrowed vitae
simply isn't potent enough to bestow more powerful abilities.
However, they can exceed this limit by consuming blood from
more powerful vampires. The potency of said blood is directly
connected to the donor's generation — the closer the vitae to
Caine, the more powerful the Disciplines a ghoul may leam.
The ghoul must drink this blood for a considerable period of
time (i.e., long enough to gain the requisite experience points
to buy such advanced Disciplines).

The chart below gives the standard correlation be-
tween a donor's generation and the level of Disciplines a
ghoul may attain. What's more, there is an optional rate of
progression for Storytellers who wish ghouls to be more
immediately powerful. Unless your Storyteller tells you
otherwise, assume that this option is not being used.

Virtues are a little more complicated and depend on
whether your character follows the code of Humanity or one
of the Sabbat Paths of Enlightenment. Most ghouls should
have Humanity by default, and should therefore possess the
Virtues of Conscience, Self-Control and Courage. Ghouls are
human, after all, and their instinctive virtues are hard to set
aside. Although the Blood can drive a person into madness
and depravity, few ghouls bother to rationalize their dark
impulses via a customized system of morality. If this makes
them poor examples of humans, then so be it.

Onlyrevenantsand Sabbat ghouls whoare being groomed
for the Embrace should follow Paths of Enlightenment. The
revenant families teach alternate morality as part of their
grotesque domestic customs, and most of them care little for
"weak" human virtues. Only those Sabbat ghouls with true
promise would be instructed in the ways of vampiric enlight-
enment. Even this is quite rare — as most Sabbat see it,
enlightenment begins only after the Creation Rites, and
teaching vampire morality to living beings is a waste of time.
Until they experience the dehumanization of the Creation
Rites, they just won't get it. No ghoul, revenant or not, may
begin the game with a Path of Enlightenment rating above 5.

Those rare ghouls who follow Paths of Enlightenment
possess the Virtues of Callousness, Instincts and Morale. No
matter what the Virtues, ghouls receive one free dot in each;
ghouls practicing Humanity receive seven dots to assign as
they please, while characters practicing Paths of Enlighten-
ment receive five dots to assign to their Virtues.

Ghouls may choose many of the same Backgrounds as
vampires, but there are some marked differences. Obviously,
ghouls cannot take Generation and have no need of Herd. The
Mentor Background is normally restricted to independent or
revenant ghouls, A domitor usually does not permit an outsider
t become close to her servitors, and almost never acts as a
mentor herself. The master/servant relationship does not blos-

som into friendship except in the most extraordinary cases.
Similarly, domitors do not usually permit their vassals to keep
retainers — that is the role of the ghoul, and servants are not in

Sponsor's Maximum Optional
Generation Discipline Maximum
Level Discipline Level

13th-11th 1 1
10th-9th 1 2

8th 1 3

7th 2 3

6th 3 4

5th 4 4

4th 5 5

need of servants. Finally, ghouls possess no Status among
Kindred; they are considered chaffatbest. A character may earn
the respect of the local Cainites, but such a thing is rare, and
must always happen in play.

However, vassals may purchase the new Background of
Domitor, to represent their relationship with their master.
For details, see p. 82.

Step Five: Finishing
Touches

The finishing touches are pretty much the same for
ghoul and vampire characters. Your beginning Willpower
rating equals your Courage or Morale. Your Humanity is

equal to the sum of your Conscience + Self-Control ratings,
unless you currently follow a Path of Enlightenment. In that
case, generate your Path score as usual (maximum 5).

Your beginning Blood Pool is usually at the standard
level; roll a die to determine how many Blood Points you
possess. (Storytellers may allow vassals to reroll a result of a
1," as they should logically begin play with a decent supply
of vitae.) The exception here is the independent ghoul, who
must halve the result (beginning play with one to five Blood
Points).

Finally, ghouls get 21 freebie points to spend as they
choose. You may use these points to raise any Trait you like,
or to purchase Merits. You may also take up to seven points
of Flaws to add to your freebie point total (which cannot
exceed 28).

Freebie Point Purchases
Disciplines/Paths: 10 per dot
Attributes: 5 per dot
Abilities: 2 per dot
Virtues: 2 per dot
Willpower: 1 per dot
Humanity/Path: 1 per dot
Backgrounds: 1 per dot

Chapter Three: Character Creation


When most vampires think of ghouls, by default they
picture the vassal. Many Cainites find it inconceivable to
create ghouls for any other purpose; indeed, to most Kin-
dred, any ghouls other than vassals are blasphemies.

By and large, vassals are the "normal people" among
ghouls. Most of them didn't ask for their new power or
immortality, although few complain too much once the
Bond takes effect. Scant few of them know even one-quarter
what a neonate does about Kindred society. Somewhere
along the line, they were just singled out by something old
and powerful, something that wanted another pair of hands.

Although a vassal's supply of vitae is pretty much assured,
that's really all she has to look forward to. In fact, she'd better
be on her very best behavior if she wants to keep her liquid
strength coming regularly. She also has to come to terms with
the fact that she's in love — truly, passionately, in a way she
didn't think she'd ever feel again after her first love left — with
a person who treats her with passing kindness at best and
draconian cruelty at worst.

And the sad thing is that the great majority of vassals
really havenoidea what's goingon. They don't know why they
feel the way they do; they don't know what's in that miracle
drink their new friend gives them. But they're loyal, if for no
other reason than they don't want the magic to stop. They
don't want to go back to the monochromatic, tasteless lives
they knew before. And you know what? They're the hicky
‘ones. Because once a ghoul's been dragged to the other side of
that mystery, once the Masquerade's been broken, she exists
entirely at the sufferance of her domitor.

Vampires often select vassals with families, particularly
when they choose to ghoul the servant clandestinely.
Domitors prefer ghouls who can handle responsibility, and
what better choice than a reliable parent? The conflicting
loyalties of family and the Blood Bond usually end in the
same way — the vassal chooses the domitor and the incom-
parable passion she feels for the Cainite. Interestingly, many

Vassals

domitors enjoy selecting vassals for whom the choice is
unbearably difficult; they see this as proof that their ghouls
take the relationship seriously.

Role: By definition, vassals play a role in Kindred society,
whether they know it or not. Why else create them? Many are
chosen as simple guards, either to protect the master's haven
during the day or to make sure that there's always someone to
cover hisexit. The more versatile bodyguards usually see better
treatment, while those with few skills other than fighting
ability wind up as szlachta or cannon fodder.

Other vassals may be chosen for particular skills. Certainly,
this includes the computer whiz and the chauffeur who lend
their 20th-century know-how to the tragically anachronistic
Cainite. But it can also include the starving yet talented artist
whose work is passed off as a Toreador's own, or the prince'
diplomat to the Brujah ("About time he sent somebody who
understands us!"). Finally, a vassal may serve no purpose save
window dressing — and why should it be otherwise? Mediter-
ranean "concubines" may be all the rage this season...

Character Creation: A vassal's Abilitiesand Attributes
should reflect the reason she was chosen to become a ghoul.
A Toreador consort, for example, will usually have high
Social Traits but not quite as much mental facility. Szlachta,
bodyguards, stalkers and other fighting ghouls usually have
primary Physical Attributes, while scholars, pet scientists
and hackers would more likely have primary Mental. Vas-
sals with primary Social Attributes are typically negotiators,
politicians, concubines or showpieces.

Weaknesses: Vassals begin play Blood Bound to a
domitor of the Storyteller's design. The player may purchase
the Domitor background to represent a more amiable rela- }
tionship with her character's master, but in no case is this
relationship wine and roses.

Quote: No, you listen to me. I don't care who you are or'
who you're with; the lady asked not to be disturbed. And she isn't
going to be. Capisce?

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Stereotypes

Independents— Better them than me. | wouldn't
mind...no, but I couldn't leave. She needs
me. And you know what? It feels really
good, being needed.

Revenants — Rev-what?

Vampires — I...love her. No, really, I do. The
rest of those freaks can take the 5:15 straight
to Hell, but I love her. And I always will.

s? (gulp) I'm...sure the
mistress has thi well in hand.

Mortals — What, like I'm going to leave my wife
and kids? No. I wouldn't do that. Not unless

she asked me to...but she won't. She wouldn't

do that sort of thing.

Chapter Three: Character Creation

You think being an addict is rough? Try doing it when the
dealers want to shoot you on sight.

An independents road is a hard one. Kindred view these
masterless ghouls as dangerous and uncontrollable — and a vam-
pire very much resents what he doesn't control. Usually, the only
recourse is to trapandkill vampires in order togain theirblood. And
sure, you can always rationalize it to yourself —vampires are
unnatural, blood-drinking parasites, after all—butthe factremains
that now you kill for your fix. But hey, it's not like you're the first
addict to do so, right? And it isn't like you're killing people...

Independentghoulscome fromall places, but they puta bit
of distance between themselves and ordinary people. They
aren't pawns; they do what they do deliberately. Usually, they're
orphans —a domitor dies, and his enemies are careless enough
to let a servant or two get away. Sometimes the orphan's been
aghoul for so long that he knows he'll wither away to old age in
amonth if he doesn't get some vitae. Desperation gets a lot of
independents started down this road.

Of course, some independents have more complicated
stories. Some may have stumbled across Cainite society acci-
dentally,andeventually discovered the power that vitae contains.
Others may have been cultists who discovered that there was a
variety of blood that worked much better in rituals. Some few
might even have been cannibalistic killers who picked an
unusually strong victim — and learned the source of that
strength. But even without the Blood Bond, the addiction
remains, and only a handful of those who've tasted vitae never
try to taste it again.

Role: Independent ghouls play at least some sort of role in
Kindred society — they have no choice. They have to get their
vitae from somewhere. Independents may serve as low-rank
predators, weeding out the stupid and careless among neonates.
(Certainly, some vampires are of the opinion that any Cainite
foolish enough to fall prey to ghouls deserved exactly whathe got.)

Independents

Other independents may barter their services to vam
pires, acting as daylight assassins or worse in exchange fora
modest supply of the Blood. These ghouls tend to run the
fringes, dealing mostly with anarchs and neonates. A rare few
might go deeper into Camarilla society as freelance tutors,
teaching vassals how to use their abilities (for what domitor
has time to waste instructing ghouls?) or even how to obey
orders properly. After all, if a Malkavian has never picked up
agun in her life, a little blood might be a small price to pay to
have her new bodyguards fully trained.

Character Creation: To eke outa living on the fringesof
vampiric society, a ghoul needs to be pretty quick on her feet.
Most independent ghouls have primary Mental Attributes, to
reflect the loreand low cunning they rely on toscrape by. Skills
also tend.to be primary, as actual hands-on training is pretty
vital to most independents. Independents often maintain
extensive Allies and Contacts, the better to keep up a reliable
information network. Many times, an independent's Human.
ity isn't quite as high as it could be, depending on what hehas 5
to do to get his monthly drink.

Weaknesses: Independents pay a price for their freedom:
They don't get vitae as reliably as do vassals or revenants. An
independent ghoul's less-than-certain blood supply means that
he begins play with a much smaller Blood Pool. To reflect this
lack,an independent ghoul's player should roll adie.as usual and
halve the result, rounding up (giving a result from one to five
Blood Points). What's more, the ghoul may have to ration his
vitae carefully, as he can never be quite sure where his next fix
is coming from. Needless to say, such thrift is never easy.

Quote: You know just as well as I do that you can't do
everything yourself — or have you forgotten that you're exclu.
sively nocturnal? Trust me, I'm reliable help, and my price isn't
hard to pay at all.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Stereotypes

Vassals — Been there, done that. Never again.
Revenants — Everything that's rotten and loath-
some ina vampire, without even the saving grace
of the Blood. No sense wasting time on them.
Vampires—I hate them, butI need them, too. 'dhave
quit by now — no, really — but I got in over my
head a while back. Might as well see it through.
Lupines — I've got enough to worry about. I don't
want to have tostart carrying silver bullets, too.
Mortals — You can never go home again.

AERENT TE

Chapter Three: Character Creation

Although the perverse and often inbred revenants
aren't the most heroic of characters, they may prove inter-
esting to roleplay over the course of a chronicle. These
long-lived, decadent ghouls are almost always found in
service to the Sabbat, but there are exceptions.

All the perverse urges and dark drives that boil up in the
average ghoul are magnified in the revenant. Revenants
hold curious family revels, typically of the sort that involve
debauchery, drugs or victims (or all three). They see them-
selves as superior to humanity, and therefore exempt from
society's mores. Some worship vampires as virtual gods,
while others aspire to vampirism themselves. Humanity, on
the other hand, receives nothing but contempt from loyal
revenant scions.

Revenants are a clannish, insular lot, and different
families are unlikely to trust one another very much. In
particular, the Grimaldis and Zantosas have feuded too
often to consider each other friends. Although revenants
work with ghouls from rival families when necessary, they
rarely like it.

Role: The revenant families were bred to serve the Sabbat
in general and the Tzimisce in particular. However, the Sabbat's
loathing of ghouls on general principle means that revenants
don'tactively serve vampires all that much (with the exception
of the Grimaldis). Mostly, the revenants keep to themselves,
although the Tzimisce (and, very rarely, other Sabbatclans) call
them in for special tasks from time to time.

When the Bratovitches are called off their family
estates, it's typically because a Tzimisce wants some tal-
ented, low-maintenance trackers and hunters. They also
breed powerful hunting dogs and freakish, fleshcrafted hounds
for their patrons' use.

The Grimaldis are much more active, however. They
use their myriad connections among mortal society to cover
up Sabbat activity, maintaining a lesser Masquerade of sorts
for the sect. Grimaldis can also often be found blackmailing
local figures or running daylight crrands for bishops.

The Sabbat calls on the Obertuses infrequently, and
then only to take advantage of the lore these revenants have
compiled. They are useful mainly as loyal scholars; when a

"Revenants

priscus needs a certain tidbit of lore, but doesn't have the
time or inclination to do the research herself, a reliable
Obertus proves sufficient.

The Zantosas are rich, and that's about all they haveto
offer. The Tzimisce dip into Zantosa funds when necessary,
and ignore these decadent hedonists the rest of the time.

Character Creation: Revenants generally follow theit
family's lead when it comes to pickinga profession. Bratovitch
trackers and brawlers typically have primary Physical At
tributes and Talents; Grimaldis usually specialize in Mental
Attributes and Skills. Obertuses almost always take primary
Mental Attributes and Knowledges; Zantosas prefer pri-
mary Social Attributes (particularly Vicissitude-enhanced
Appearance) and Talents.

Unlike ghouls with domitors, each revenant gains |
Disciplines according to her family. The "specialty" family
Disciplines are treated like clan Disciplines for purposes of
learning them with experience points. Similarly, revenants
suffer a family weakness, much as clan vampires do — this
is often the result of their intense inbreeding or depraved
family practices.

Revenants produce their own vitae, at the rate of one
Blood Point per day. This is fairly weak stuff compared to
vampire blood, and cannot be used to create Blood Bondsor
to give a drained corpse the Embrace. A revenant's Blood
Pool maximum rises by one point with every century she
survives (a 240-year-old Zantosa would have a Blood Pool
maximum of 12, but would appear to be about 60 years old).
However, the rules given in this book are meant to simulate
revenants no more than a century in age; older revenants
would likely have more freebie points to reflect their in-
creased experience.

Weaknesses: Each revenant has a family weakness,
due to intense inbreeding. Revenant blood has taken on
strange qualities over the centuries, a trait that has piqued
the curiosity of more than one Sabbat scientist.

Quote: What? What's wrong? You look. ..disconcerted.
Please, don't be. Come inside. I want you to...meet the family.
I think they'll like you. You have such a wonderful... spirit. j

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Stereotypes

Vassals—Poor things. They must feelso... unappreciated.
Perhaps they and we, sometime, might reach
an...arrangement.

Independents — They're deluding themselves. If the
Kindred cared about them at all, they'd be dead. As
is, their days are...numbered.

Vampires — We owe everything to our masters the
Tzimisce. Without them, we would be...human.
The very thought...

Lupines — The enemies of our lords are our enemies as
well. Of course, I ama bit...frail, and shall leave the
physical combat to those more... suited.

Mortals — As persons, contemptible; as
playthings. delicious.

Chapter Three: Character Creation


Bratovitch

The depraved Bratovitches spend most of their time
breeding ghoul-hounds for the Sabbat and pursuing their
own hobbies. Although no other revenant family or vam-
pire clan cares for their company, they tend to receive a
grudging respect for their stalking and fighting abilities.
They constantly seek to better themselves; this desire typi-
cally translates into excessive Vicissitude body modifications
and the devouring of fallen enemies to gain a measure of
their foes' strength. Some have dabbled in dark rituals,
trying to find a way to siphon some of their Lupine foes'
power. The Bratovitches have always been a bestial breed,
but this trait serves them well on their hunts.

Bratovitch player characters are likely to be young
ghouls out for a taste of the real world. They tend to be
brutish, perverse monsters who delight in torture, self-
mutilation and strange little "games." They have little grasp
of subtlety, and are usually uninterested in any politics apart
from the struggles for power inside their own family. Living
among humans for too long reflects badly on a Bratovitch,
and a social creature who does so is usually in for a bad time
when he returns home. Some Bratovitches leave the house-
hold on prolonged Lupine hunts, but very few of them
return successful — if at all.

Humanity is an unfamiliar thing to the Bratovitches.
Allare raised on various Paths of Enlightenment, although
no one path is dominant throughout the family. In their
practice of alternative moralities, the Bratovitches have
even preserved some of the ancient Roads of morality, and
may follow the more debased of these codes of conduct (for
more information on Roads, see Vampire: The Dark Ages).
Naturally, as revenants, they can never attain the pinnacle
of vampiric enlightenment. But the Bratovitches really
don't care about true enlightenment, anyway — rules were
meant to be broken, after all.

Disciplines: Animalism, Potence, Vicissitude

Weakness: Bratovitches are easily angered, and frenzy
as if they were Brujah. Their terrible tempers prevent them
from interacting often with humanity.

Quote: Smell that? Smell ‘im, boys? Yeah! He went down
thisaways! C'mon, boys! Sic ‘im! Go get ‘im! Let's go get that
dinner!

Stereotypes
Grimaldi —- What the hell? Those pussies ain't
revenants, not by a long shot. Can't hunt, can't

fight, can't howl —- what good are they?

Obertus — Goddamn know-it-alls think they're so
goddamn superior. ‘Least they know enough to
leave us alone.

Zantosa — Why the hell are they even still alive? If
my boy was that layabout useless, I'da fed him to
the dogs a long while back!

Vassals — Sorry-ass fuckers. Bend over and squeal
for Daddy, little ghoul.

Independents — They got balls, yeah. But without
family, they're nothing. Some of ‘em put up a
good last fight, though.

Vampires.— Yeah... That's the way to be. Old,
powerful, and meaner than Grandpa. I could get
used to that kind of power.

Lupines — Any one critter that can tear apart half

a family before goin' down is worth some re-
spect. Its heart makes for potent eatin', too.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Grimaldi

The ever-devious Grimaldis take great delight in their
facade of normalcy. They act as go-betweens for the Sabbat,
quietly carrying out the sect's goals in mortal society. They
are horribly wealthy, and possess influence almost rivaling
that of the Giovanni or Ventrue. Many Grimaldis grow up
in human society, being quietly moved from private school
toprivate school before anybody notices how slowly they're
growing up.

Actually, the Grimaldis have a secondary agenda, one
that the Sabbat is unaware of: survival. The family knows
full well that its members exist only at the sufferance of the
Trimisce, and should the Fiends withdraw their support, the
Sabbat would surely exterminate them to the last cousin.
Therefore, the Grimaldis work fora twofold goal: to humbly
convince the Sabbat of their utility, and to find a possible
escape route should things turn sour. Some Grimaldi elders
have even gone so far to suggest offering their services to the
Camarilla should the Tzimisce withdraw their support, but
this motion has met with little approval. If the family did
indeed turn its allegiances, the vengeance of the Fiends
would be sure and slow...

Grimaldis can come from almost any walk of life, but
most often are contributing members of society. They usu-
ally have extensive influence within their home city, with

Backgrounds as appropriate. Some Grimaldis may have
broken ranks with their family in order to pursue the elusive
goal of Humanity; these tragic self-exiles usually end up with
more than their share of enemies, but can make for interest-
ing characters.

Most Grimaldis prefer to walk the Path of Honorable
Accord, although some prefer the Path of Harmony or the
Path of Caine. A surprising number of Grimaldis have
developed more sociable morals, upholding the virtues of
Humanity; however, these revenants do so extremely qui-
etly.

Disciplines: Celerity, Dominate, Fortitude

Weakness: All Grimaldis are Blood Bound to Sabbat
bishops and archbishops. Their covert talents and penchant
for dallying in mortal society bother the Sabbat, who fear
that the Grimaldis might become irresistibly tempted to
defect. Ranking Sabbat members rarely call upon their
Bonded Grimaldis; the Bond is mostly a formality signifying
fealty and respect.

Quote: Another missing-person case in Southside? No,
I'msorry, Jimmy, but that justisn't news. I'll have to bump your
piece in favor of covering the parade. You understand.

GLLOLM MELEE 7

CZ.

Ny
N
N
N

Stereotypes

Bratovitch — Primitive, crass, unsubtle and fool-
ish; too long bred for war, and it shows.

Obertus — Their penchant for crypticism is annoy-
ing, but one can't fault their scholarly capabilities. A
shante they know so little about living in the real world.

Zantosa — Disgusting! These parasitic tramps
haven't been of any use in centuries. Why does anybody
still tolerate them? Perhaps a subtle hint or two to the
bishops is in order...

Vassals — Had the Sabbat more sufferance for
ghouls, we might be as they are. Still, | doubt one of
these isolated wretches could do my job half as well.

Independents — These fools endanger us all. How
long before their antics drive the Kindred to rise up and
put an end to ghouls en masse? I must work doubly hard
to prove myself useful, thanks to them...

Vampires — Only an idiot cannot see that their
tolerance for us is wearing thin. I hope it doesn't run out
in my lifetime — for the life of me, I can't think of
anywhere | could hide.

Lupines — No, thank you; I think I'll avoid the
national parks, if it's all the same to you.

Chapter Three: Character Creation


Stereotypes

Bratovitch — Little more than szlachta. They may
have their uses, but not to me.

Grimaldi — They play at being human, but they
really aren't fooling anybody but themselves.
At some point, the Grimaldis will snap, and
then they will be devoured.

Zantosa — Yet more proof that material wealth means
nothing. | suppose the Tzimisce must be fond of
their old toys, no matter how worn and outdated,

Vassals —I suppose the Camarilla must pine for the
days of feudalism. Perhaps keeping a serf or four
about boosts the ego.

Independents —| don't see how the comingsand goings
of a few orphaned ghouls should concern me.

Vampires — There is much to be learned from the
ongoing war between Camarilla and Sabbat.
Perhaps in their struggles, we shall find the key

2 to our own ascension.

Lupines — Fascinating creatures, with a remarkably
unsullied form of primitive goddess-worship. Like
sharks, they have managed to survive without
adapting. So far, that is..,.

Obertus

The Obertuses tend to distance themselves from Sabbat
affairs, preferring to spend their time absorbing as much
arcane knowledge as they can. The heads of the family are
almost always great scholars or researchers who have spent
the better part of their long years accumulating wisdom from
ancient sources. The small New England villages the family
founded centuries ago still stand, and people who come to
visit such places often leave with a feeling of grave unease
— if they leave at all.

An Obertus character will usually be pursuing further
knowledge, whether occult, scientific or even trivial. Many
are the very models of the Lovecraftian scholar, obsessively
seeking knowledge that they subconsciously dread. To this
end, Obertuses often attempt to research Lupines, magi, the
Underworld, history, demons, Kindred and Caine himself.
This quest for learning may take the revenant to places
where ghouls are unwelcome, but an Obertus pays little
heed to personal safety when a tidbit of undiscovered
information is at stake.

Although ostensibly researchers for the Sabbat, the |

Obertuses actually have another, very secret purpose in
mind. Convinced that their revenant status is the next step
in human evolution, the Obertuses want to find a way to
progress one step beyond, becoming something greater than
human, vampire or ghoul. So far, they have found only the
vaguest hints of something more.

Obertuses tend to prefer the Path of Death and the
Soul, the Path of Harmony and the Path of Honorable
Accord. These codes of morality best reflect the family's
intellectual concerns and the introspection so common to
the bloodline.

Disciplines: Auspex, Obfuscate, Vicissitude

Weakness: The Obertus family is known for its single-
minded dedication, and each Obertus tends to become
obsessed with a specific goal or aspect of her life. All possess
the Obsession or Perfection Derangement. An Obertus may
become obsessed with multiple things during her many
years, but tends to focus on only one item at a time.

Quote: Yes, I was fortunate enough to obtain a transcript
of the Book of Nod. Look here, under this passage dealing with
Lilith. I've found a clue to something even greater than I had
hoped for...

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Stereotypes

Bratovitch — Ucchh. What's the point of excess if
you don't have the taste to appreciate it? Mouth-
breathing, slack-jawed yokels, all of them.

Grimaldi — Brown-nosing assholes! I'd come over
there and kick all your flabby human asses, but
you aren't worth the trouble.

Obertus — Come on, man, you're a revenant, aren't
you? Come down off Mount Big-Stick-up-My-

< Assand join the party!

*, Vassals — Really? Blood Bound, you say? Gee, what
ashame. Must be tough to be them.

|, Independents — These poor bastards are too caught
up in getting their vitae to enjoy it. Sad.

Vampires — Why, I plan on being Embraced one day
myself, but I think I'll wait until I'm bored with
sex and food. Hmm...this could take a while.

~‘Lupines — What? Where?!?

Zantosa

The Sabbat tolerates the presence of these decadents,
and that is about all that can be said for the Zantosas.
Although still disgustingly rich, this family has squandered
what was left of its once-proud reputation. These nights, it
is a desperate Sabbat vampire indeed who relies on the
dilettante Zantosas. Sabbat archbishops often question
whether or not the Zantosas should simply be cleared away
and their assets seized once and for all, but the consensus
they always reach is that the Zantosas just aren't worth the
effort.

Zantosa characters are almost always dilettantes out for
some illicit thrills, or criminals indulging themselves in the
pleasures of the underworld. Despite their "rarefied tastes,"
they rarely insinuate themselves into the upper crust of
human society. Their depravity is difficult to hide for long,
and the Zantosas confess they understand very little about
humanity anyway. Many set out on long, dangerous ven-
tures, the better to have stories with which to regale their
family. If a Zantosa crosses paths with a Grimaldi, then the
Zantosa will feel obligated to honor the family grudge in
some fashion. At best, an unfriendly rivalry develops; at
worst, the Zantosa makes plans to dispose of the annoying
Grimaldi when convenient.

Almost all Zantosas follow the Path of Cathari, which
complements their debased nature quite nicely. Some are
reputed to follow the Path of Caine, but given the tempera-
ment of the family, this seems unlikely.

Disciplines: Auspex, Presence, Vicissitude

Weakness: The hedonistic Zantosas are easily ad-
dicted to the pleasures they seek. Whenever a Zantosa
experiences extreme pleasure (such as from sex, drugs,
indulging in sadism, being fed on, or even a really good
steak), she must make a Willpower roll (difficulty varies
with the intensity of the pleasure) or become obsessed with
or addicted to the sensation. An obsessed Zantosa will do
almost anything to re-create the experience, and many have
drifted away to their deaths as a result.

Quote: Pah! Next week, nextmonth, next year...whatever!
Always time for shop talk. Right now, though, I want another

drink. Care to join me?

Chapter Three: Character Creation


New Abilities
Thefollowing Abilities add to those in the main rulebook
and The Vampire Players Guide. They are intended for

ghouls, but Storytellers may approve them for other sorts of
characters. As always, let common sense guide you.

Talents

Masquerade

Vampires manage to feign mortality; this Ability allows
you to turn the tables on them by pretending to be a vampire.
Most ghouls have little reason to learn this Talent, but there
are exceptions. Certain domitors may call upon their more
subtle servants to indulge in a little espionage. Independent
ghouls may find that posing as vampires can lengthen their
lives. The masters of this talent are the bizarre and ancient
ghouls of the Methuselahs; these servitors are often as powerful
as (or more powerful than) younger Kindred, and they move
among the lesser vampires in search of prey for their masters.

The only ghouls who may not purchase this Talent at
character creation are revenants; aping one's masters is
viewed poorly in the Sabbat, and those who try are quickly
(or not so quickly) disposed of.

. Novice: "Ruddy? Oh, I fedrecently. That

must be it."

oe Practiced: Another vampire's ghouls
would recognize you as Kindred.

eee Competent: You receive invitations to
Elysium.

eooe

Expert: You can just about fool the
ancillae who have Auspex.
eocce Master: You can sup with the prince

without raising suspicion.

Knowledges

Steward

You have studied the art of managing a household and
mastered the various intricacies of such a task. You make a
serviceable butler, valet, seneschal or major-domo for your
domitor. What's more, you keep up with her affairs among the
local Kindred, the better toserve her. Youcan run every aspect
of your master's haven if need be, and might be targeted by
enemies who would appreciate your knowledge. Of course,
should you ever defect, your master will almost certainly make
your death or recapture top priority.

. Student: You can keep an apartment in
order.

ee College: You're considered reliable ifnot
sparkling.

coe Masters: Practically one of the family

eoee Doctorate: You keep the manor running
smoothly and remind the master of his
appointments with the prince.

eevee

Scholar: Alfred Pennyworth

Vampire Lore

Unlike Kindred Lore (The Vampire Players Guide, p.
63), this Knowledge can be taken at character creation. It
represents the amount of lore you know about vampiric
society. Without this Ability, you may not even know yout
domitor's clan. This Knowledge covers most of the basics
that a sire teaches a fledgling childe, as well as any local
political tidbits that the Storyteller wishes to impart.

. Student: You know roughly what vam-
pires and clans are.

ee College: You know most of the Tradi-
tions.

ooo Masters: You know the name of the
prince.

Doctorate: You know that the
Malkavians are named after Malkav.
Scholar: You can name all 13 clans and
give their nicknames.

New Background

Domitor

You are Bound to a vampire who provides you with blood
and may offer you protection. Of course, you cannot think to
abuse your domitor's generosity. The purchase of this Back-
ground does imply, though, that your master has at least a
passing interest in your continued well-being. The level of this
Background implies two things: the general generation and
power of your domitor (which influences the level of Disciplines
you may learn), and how well he favors you. The more ancient
and powerful the domitor, the less likely he is to care about the
welfare of an all-too-replaceable servant. Conversely, less pow-
erful vampires tend to take better care of their ghouls, as they
possess fewer resources and usually value what they have.

. Your domitor is 11th generation or lower,
and considers you a valued confidant.

oe Your master is ninth or 10th generation,
and is passing fond of you.

eee Your domitor is eighth generation, and
will sometimes let you get a word in
edgewise.

coos Your domitor is seventh generation, and
expects you to do your job — nothing
more.

eeece

Your master is sixth generation, and re-
markably has not yet grown sick of the
sight of your face.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Recommended Merits and Flaws

The Vampire Players Guide provides numerous
Merits and Flaws for Vampire characters, and it would be
ashame to ignore the possibilities they offer. However, not
all of them are appropriate for ghoul characters. The
following is a list of recommended and prohibited Merits
and Flaws for ghouls.

Recommended Merits and Flaws are generally those
that provide insight into why a Cainite chose a retainer or
reflect the changes that the Blood worked in the hapless
ghoul. (Some are listed simply because they make for particu-
larly interesting characteristicsina ghoul!) Disallowed Merits
and Flaws are just that: They cannot be taken by ghouls, only
by vampires. The Storyteller is free to override this list if she
sees fit, but should make exceptions with good reason.

Psychological

* Recommended: Berserker, Dual Nature, Com-

pulsion, Short Fuse

* Disallowed: Prey Exclusion

Mental

* Recommended: Lightning Calculator, Eidetic

Memory, Weak-Willed

© Disallowed: Deep Sleeper

Awareness

* Recommended: Acute Hearing, Acute Vision

Disallowed: None

Aptitudes

* Recommended: Computer Aptitude, Pitiable,

Natural Linguist

© Disallowed: Eat Food

Supernatural

* Recommended: True Love, Medium

* Disallowed: Inoffensive to Animals, Taint of

Corruption, Repulsed by Garlic, Repelled by
Crosses, Can't Cross Running Water, Light-
Sensitive

Kindred Ties

Recommended: Enemy, Twisted Upbringing

© Disallowed: All Others (Ghouls are not Kindred,

and are treated accordingly.)

Mortal Society

¢ Recommended: Most Ties Merits

* Disallowed: Anachronism (not appropriate for
player characters, but possibly for supporting
cast), Hunted
Physical
© Recommended: Double-Jointed, Efficient Diges-
tion, Huge Size, Allergic, Short, Disfigured,
Child, Monstrous

* Disallowed: Selective Digestion, Permanent
Wound, Thin-Blooded

Merits and Flaws

The following Merits and Flaws are meant for use with
ghoul characters only. Some duplicate certain Merits or Flaws
found in The Vampire Players Guide; in all cases, this book
isassumed to take precedence. Ghoulsare not subject toall the
limitations or prerequisites Kindred may be, and the rules
governing ghouls should be appropriately different.

Pale Aura (1 pt. Merit)

Due to some quirk of fate or your reaction to the Blood,
your aura is naturally pale. Vampires reading your aura via
Auspex assume you to be Kindred unless they have strong
reason to suspect otherwise. This Merit can be of great use if
you wish to impersonate a vampire, but can also cause some
very dangerous misunderstandings.

Blood Flaw Immunity (3 pt. Merit)

For some reason, you are resistant to the bloodline flaws
ofany vampire from whom youdrink. Youcan guzzle Nosferatu
vitae until your stomach bursts, and your complexion won't
suffer a whit.

Benevolent Domitor (3 pt. Merit)
You must purchase the Domitor Background to buy this
Merit. For whatever reason, your domitor is actually rather
fond of you. Perhaps your service has been exemplary, or
perhaps yousimply remind him of someone in hispast—given
the alien nature of the vampire mind, you may never know for
sure. Your domitor treats you with some measure of compas-
sionand doesnotcasually endanger your life. Ofcourse, hestill
expects you to give your life for his if need be, but until that
night, the two of you are something akin to friends.

Kinfolk (4 pt. Merit or 4 pt. Flaw)

Whether you know it or not, you are kin to a werewolf
tribe. You carry the blood of the Garou in your veins, and
your own children may be Garou.

For ghouls, being Kinfolk can be an advantage or a
hindrance. If purchased as a Merit, then you are still on
amicable terms with your relatives (Garou and Kinfolk alike).
Although they will never allow you to bring any vampire
"friends" into their territory (and may well use lethal means to
enforce their privacy), they havean interest in your well-being
and give you aid so long as this doesn't compromise their
principles. Of course, your kin do not want you to be a ghoul
forever, as they would like you to return to their society and
raise a family of your own. Typically, only independent ghouls
may purchase Kinfolk as a Merit.

However, it's more likely that the Garou consider a ghoul
Kinfolk to be a serious threat. If bought as a Flaw, then your
extended family believes you may compromise their security.
They seek either to remove you entirely from your diet and/or
domitor's influence, or tokill youasa favor to your corrupted soul.
This Flaw eams you dangerous enemies, one from whom your
domitor (ifany) is very unlikely to intercede and rescue you. This
Flaw is more appropriate for vassal ghouls, as no werewolf would
agree to let one of their precious Kin be swom to a vampire.

Revenantscannotbe Kinfolk, eitherasaMeritorasa Flaw.

Chapter Three: Character Creation

Supernatural Companion (4 pt. Merit)

Youare allied with asupernatural being, butnota vampire.
This may bea werewolf comrade, the ghost of a relative, oreven
a friendly mage. You may ask for her help in times of need, but
she may not always be able to help. She may also require your
help at inconvenient times (such is the cost of friendship). It is
highly improbable that yourallegiance is looked on favorably by
her kind, and any Kindred who discovered your relationship
would almost certainly disapprove. The Storyteller will create
your companion, be it werewolf, wraith, mage or something else
entirely, and won't reveal her full capabilities.

(Note: This Merit supersedes those of Werewolf Com-
panion and Spirit Mentor in The Vampire Players Guide.)

True Gypsy (5 pt. Merit)

The blood of the Rom runs true in your veins. Perhaps you
have a Ravnos domitor who chose you for your potential, or
perhaps you simply acquired a taste for Kindred blood in your
travels. You may purchase Blood Affinities, or other Gypsy-
only abilities from World of Darkness: Gypsies. Your relatives
may ormaynotapprove, dependingon the whysand wherefores
of your ghouling.

Revenants may not purchase this Merit under any cir-
cumstances.

Unbondable (6 pt. Merit)

You cannot be Blood Bound toa vampire, no matter how
often you drink from his veins. This Merit is obviously very
useful for one whose powers depend on vitae, and its cost is
accordingly high for ghoul characters.

Although you may not be talented at the Tzimisce forms of
fleshcrafting and boneshaping, at some point you have
been... .modified into a more warlike form. Generally speaking,
you're a szlachta, and most modifications necessitate the pur-
chase of the Flaw: Monstrous (The Vampire Players Guide, p.
19). Asarule, the Tzimisce make sufficient cosmetic alterations
to ruin the looks of all their battle-ghouls, even those whose
modifications are not in and of themselves hideous.

These modifications are permanent unless shaped away
by further Vicissitude. Although dangerous, any weaponry
causes normal damage only; despite its horrid appearance,
your arsenal is still only mortal flesh and bone. You may
purchase as many modifications as you can afford, but your
social abilities are probably doomed.

* Circular Vision (1 pt.): One of your eyeshasbeen moved
to the back of your head, granting you the ability to see at a wider
angle. This is a difficult operation and can be performed only by
masters of medicine and Vicissitude. In addition, your depth
perception is poor at any angle, and you suffer a two-die penalty
toany rolls that involve gauging distance, including use of missile
weapons. You must take the Monstrous Flaw.

Fangs (1 pt.): Your teeth have been lengthened and
sharpened; your smile may resemble a shark's or cat's, or may
be unlike anything found in nature. You may use the Bite
maneuver, but lose two dice from any Manipulation Dice
Pools that do not involve intimidation or causing fear.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

© Digestive Modifications (2 pts.): Youare able to digest
any organic material that you can break up and swallow. Your
Stamina is treated as two points higher for purposes of resisting
ingested poisons.

© Spurs (2 pts.): Long bone spurs protrude from your
forearms, back and/or legs. You may slash with these for Str +2
damage; however, they are hard to conceal, and you must
subtract three dice from any Social Dice Pools save those
involving intimidation.

* Carapace (3 pts.): You are covered with bony orhomy
plates that protect you from attack. You may add two soak dice
to your pool, but you must take the Monstrous Flaw.

© Patagia (4 pts.): Yourboneshave been hollowed, andflaps
of skin (from yourself or another hapless soul) have been grafted
onto your arms, giving you the appearance of a human pterodac-
tyl. You may use these flaps to glide, though you may not actually
fly. While gliding, you may not use your arms. Furthermore, you
subtract one fromall soak pools to resist strikes from fists and blunt
weapons, orany other forms ofconcussive damage (yourbonesare
hollow). You must take the Monstrous Flaw.

Note: Ghouls may never heal Vicissitude modifications, not
even with vampire blood. In this respect they are as helpless as
mortals. The exceptions are ghouls who themselves possess Vicis-
situde, though a lowly Zantosa may well find herself helpless to
repair the mutilation inflicted byaseventh-generation Tzimisce (to
repair Vicissitude alterations, a ghoul must have a level of Vici
tude superior to that of the vampire who inflicted the mutilation).

Virulent Strike (7 pt. Merit)

Through strange Thaumaturgical sorcery, unknown ritu-
als or even an odd quirk of your ghoul physiognomy, you have
been imbued with the power of the supernatural. You can
cause aggravated damage to supernatural creatures by striking
them, biting them, raking them with bonecrafted spurs —
whatever. This is considered standard Brawl damage against
mortals, and should normally apply to only one attack form
(bite, bone claws, etc.). You should work with the Storyteller
to find an explanation for this Merit, and the Storyteller may
disallow this Merit entirely if she so chooses.

Artificially Aged (2 pt. Revenant Flaw)

Youhave been fleshcrafted to look like an adult, although
true maturity is still some time in your future. Although you
can pass as older than you actually feel, you have difficulty
dealing with complex situations. Your difficulty to resist frenzy
is only one less than that of a vampire (or one more than
normal, in the case of Bratovitches); tantrums come easily to
you. You must also subtract one die from all Social Dice Pools
that involve subtlety or sophistication.

Domitor Pariah (2 pt. Flaw)

Youare Bound to a vampire who, for whatever reason, is
unwelcome among or even hated by the other Kindred of the
chroniclearea. Without Cainite allies, she finds herselfrelying
on her human and ghoul associates to get by. You will likely
find yourself given additional responsibilities, which may
present opportunities for you to further ingratiate yourself with
the master. However, if other Kindred discover whom you
serve, your life might well be in danger. The Storyteller will

|


determine why your domitor is so despised; you are welcome
tooffer suggestions, but the Storyteller is under no obligation
to tell you the cause of such antipathy. You might not even
know that your beloved liege is hated at all; afterall, who could
dislike such a wonderful creature as she...?

Romantic Notions (2 pt. Flaw)
You believe your entire existence as a ghoul to be head
E and shoulders above your previous life. You feel that your
domitor needs you, and that every feeding is nothing short of
anact of purest love. Revenants with this Flaw want nothing
more than to serve the glorious ideals of the Sabbat, and leap
to indulge any Sabbat vampire's whim.

Your Willpower is considered to be two points lower when
the object of your romanticism attempts to use Dominate or
Presence on you. Fora vassal, the domitor triggers this penalty; for
revenants, any vampire known to be Sabbat may easily influence
a ghoul with this Flaw. Independents may not take this Flaw
unless the Storyteller approves a common sort of vampire whom
the ghoul idolizes, and with whom the ghoul puts herself at a
disadvantage in dealings, due to her romanticized ideas.

Vitae Sink (3 pt. Flaw)

For whatever reason, you metabolize vitae more quickly
than other ghouls do. You must be fed every two weeks, rather
than every month, or lose all supernatural traits and revert toa
human once more. Few ghouls with this Flaw last beyond their
natural life spans; at this rate, missed feedings do happen...

Experience Points Chart

Trait Cost
New Ability 3
\] New Thaumaturgy Path 20(Tremereghoulsonly)
: New Discipline 20
Willpower current rating
Humanity current rating x 2
Virtue current rating x 2
Ability current rating x 2
Attribute current rating x 5
Thaumaturgy Path current level x 15
(Tremere ghouls only)
Clan/Family Discipline* current level x 15
Other Discipline current level x 25

* Asageneral rule, a vassal getsa cost break on the actual
Disciplines ofher first domitor'sclan (so, whilea Toreador may
know Dominate, it is not considered a clan Discipline for
purposes of experience points). A revenant getsacostbreakon
the Disciplines of her family, while an independent gets cost
break on Potence, Celerity and Fortitude.

A vassal who leaves a vampire's service is treated as an
independent from that point on, while an independent who
becomes Blood Bound to a domitor is treated as a vassal. So,
yes, it is possible for an enterprising player to "minimax" this
system — but the dire ramifications of dealing with the
Kindred in this fashion should make the point moot.

Ghouling the Supernatural
Inthe constant quest for bigger and more effective servitors,
a vampire may decide to try transforming other supernatural
creatures into ghoul servants. Players may also be interested in
crossing over characters, using a ghouled werewolf or changeling
with the rest of the group. This doesn't work inall cases, however.
© Werewolves: Garouare unlikely tobewillingly ghouled.
Most of them suffer allergic reactions to vampiric blood, and
cannot stomach it for long. Only a few can drink vitae without
vomiting immediately, and even they tend to avoid putting
themselves in debt to their traditional enemies.

Perhaps the only reliable way to ghoul a Garou (or other
werecreature) is to do so before her First Change, before the
allergies reach their peak. The main difficulty with this
method, however, is that an unaging ghoul will never reach
adolescence, and thus may never Change. Add to this the
difficulty of detecting a pre-Change Garou at all, and it's easy
to see why so very few ghouled werewolves exist.

© Mages: Being ordinary mortals in almost every way,
mages can be ghouled normally. A mage may break the Blood
Bond through a judicious use of Mind magick, although she
wouldn't be likely to try unless she knew she was being
supernaturally controlled. Similarly, Life magick can be used
to transmute the vitae in the system into ordinary human
blood. Both cases are relatively tricky, however, and shouldn't
be attempted by novices.

© Wraiths: The Restless have passed beyond the need for
biology, and therefore have no metabolisms to process vitae.
Even when Embodied, wraiths do not digest food or drink as
usual, and cannot benefit from being ghouled. This is just as
true for the Risen, whose lurching cadavers are bereft of
anything vaguely resembling life. Pouring vitae into a Risen's
mouth is wasting good Blood.

© Changelings: Vampires are generally unable to perceive
changelings as anything other than mortals, although some
Malkavians and Ravnos find themselves strangely drawn to the
dreamers. Although a changeling can be successfully ghouled, he
gains a point of Banality each time he drinks a vampire's blood.
Worse, extended ghouldom tends to lead to permanent Bedlam.

* Mummies: For some reason, vampiric blood has no
effect whatsoever on the Rebom. They cannot be ghouled,
and would generally find the process distasteful to begin with.

© Fomori: These twisted hybrids of Bane and human are as
easy to ghoul as anyone else. In fact, most make very serviceable
vassals, gladly performing atrocities for their domitors in exchange
forheady vitae. However, vampires who know of fomoriare usually
reluctant to ghoul them. For one, a fomor is often a deteriorating
creature, and the spiritual decay fomori suffer cannot be halted by
the temporary immortality of ghoulhood. Also, one can never tell
exactly whethera fomor's loyalty to his domitor is total, or whether
it will be countermanded by a darker, previous pledge...

Chapter Three: Character Creation


Chapter Four: .

; Storytelling: |

Let those who serve be named greatest of the

Children of Seth, and most privileged.
— The Book of Nod, "Of Those Who Serve"

This chapter provides information on running chronicles
for ghouls, or incorporating ghouls into Vampire games. It is
intended primarily for the Storyteller's use. A few surprises lurk
here, so players should avoid reading further.

Theme

As stated in the Vampire: The Masquerade rulebook,
agood chronicle benefits unreservedly from the presence of
aunifying theme. Although the themes provided there work
equally well for vampire or ghoul stories, the following
concepts are especially appropriate for stories and chronicles
that focus on ghouls.

* Dependence: In a ghoul chronicle, the theme of
dependence is almost inescapable. Vitae is better than
drugs: It's eternal youth, super strength and unadulterated
love all in one. The rush of liquid perfection coursing
through a ghoul's veins is not physically addictive, but it
certainly shackles the psyche. The question of dependence
and independence certainly comes up in every game involv-
ingghouls. Exploring what it's like to be at the mercy of the
Blood can make for some intense roleplaying.

In the words of addicts everywhere, "I can always quit
when I really want to." Yeah. Right. Ghouls are as adept at
fooling themselves as are ordinary people bound by mun-
: dane drugs. Most ghouls don't even know they're trapped —
they know they're in love, and they know they can do
amazing things ever since this wonderful stuff came into

their lives. Once a person takes her first pull of vitae, her old
life goes away and a new one takes over. Now she can do
anything. Anything.

But she still needs the juice. She can't risk displeasing
the Master, or he may cuther off. And then it's back to being
weak, defenseless, mortal. Back to the old, miserable, useless
wretch she once was. So maybe the Master asks her to do
strange things now and again. Maybe she has to kill some
little old man running a corner bookstore. She doesn't want
to—butshe needs the stuff. There's really nocontest. There
never is. She may not like living with herself, but the
alternative is not really living at all.

© Manipulation: Vassals are never in full control of
their lives, and revenants only rarely are. Independents
allegedly walk their own road, but they cannot prey on the
Kindred and hope to avoid Cainite politics completely. Can
the players ever be sure that they aren'tsome elder'scatspaws?
Even if they have domitors, can they be certain that they
aren't being manipulated by an unseen hand to achieve
goals even their domitors don't understand?

Hell, will they even know the truth about their situa-
tion — or what they are? The hands that create the ghouls
may be unseen from the very beginning. If the sponsors are
subtle enough, the characters may simply find themselves
suddenly host to unbidden urges, flooded with unasked-for
power. As their sponsors quietly nudge them in the proper
directions, the players' flesh may crawl with paranoia. True,

Chapter Four: Storytelling


the characters have gained power and immortality — but
what have they lost in return, and who is going to call the
debt due?

© War: Face it: Ghouls are the quintessential cannon.
fodder. Almost all clans readily create numbers of compe-
tent ghouls when they're expecting trouble. The common
ghoul is typically the first line of defense, and so a war
chronicle can provide several tense stories.

Like the protagonists in most good war movies, the
ghouls are rarely the ones who start the conflict (although
they may be, depending on the nature of the chronicle).
Typically, they find themselves in the midst of a violent
struggle, and have to start fighting or be eradicated them-
selves. There's no real time for hesitation in a chronicle of
this sort — move quickly, or you're fertilizer. And it's much
easier for a ghoul to die than a vampire — with maybe one
die of Fortitude at most, and the danger of killing themselves
from blood loss if they try to heal their own wounds, ghouls
tend to be closer to the "eggshells with hammers" archetype
than vampires are. There isno torpor tosavea ghoul —once
his Health Levels run out, he's history. An "unfortunate but
unavoidable" casualty to his masters, if even that.

War stories can range from blatant series of gun battles
against Sabbat thugs in abandoned wrecks of buildings, to
subtle campaigns of assassination, rumormongering and sabo-
tage. If you prefer, you can begin the chronicle with an
explosion or an attack, putting the players on the defensive

from the very beginning. The attempts on the characters' lives
(or their domitors' or friends' lives) gradually escalate, and
each bullet or bomb could have the characters' names on it.
The group will probably have the nailbiting time of their lives
as the war heats up. Finally, they'll be pressed to go on the
offensive and start doing some damage of their own. The plot's
seena thousand incarnations, butitstill makes fora good story.

Alternatively, the characters may be the aggressors
from the very beginning. Being the ones who kick the
anthill can be deliciously satisfying, especially if you're so
subtle that your enemies don't know who's hitting them.
Even better, when a character gets to count coup on some-
thing higher up on the food chain than herself, the sense of
accomplishment can be exhilarating. Of course, this is an
extremely dangerous game to play, but the adrenaline rush
should be nothing short of intoxicating.

When running war chronicles, remember the ghouls'
major advantage: their ability to operate in daylight. A
frantic race through an enemy elder's haven, battling des-
perately toreach and stake the monster before sundown, can
provide a nerve-wracking and thrilling story.

War chronicles have an almost endless supply of varia-
tions: clan vs. clan, Sabbat vs. Camarilla, ghouls vs. vampires,
ghouls vs. Lupines, rebels vs. the prince...the list goes on
and on. If the players are ready for some visceral roleplaying,
then it shouldn't be too much trouble to design a conflict in
which the characters have a strong stake.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


© Romance: Vampires lose touch with their feelings
more easily than ghouls do; the urgency of hormones fades
with the death of the flesh. Although still capable of strong,
often distorted passions, the childer of Caine often seem
detached or blasé in comparison to their ghoul servants.
Ghouls feel a natural obsession with vitae, an obsession that
can easily transfer to the vampiric source of their beloved
elixir. What's more, the charged, enhanced feelings of being
alive tend to stir lusts in a ghoul that can't be easily slaked.
These lusts can easily push a chronicle in horrific directions
— but what if a ghoul focuses his powerful emotions in a
more idealized way? What if a ghoul falls in love (or at least
what he thinks is love), over and above Blood Bonding? The
Blood Oath becomes all the more intense when coupled
with the biological urge to take a mate, and many ghouls
languish in a state of "love" they know full well will never be
requited.

But what if a vampire actually returns that affection?
True, this is hardly likely, but an...affectionate...domitor
can lead to many possibilities, including the Embrace. What
ifanother ghoul, or even a mortal, falls in love with a Blood
Bound character? Or what if the player's character, an
independent, falls hard for the vassal of a enemy? What
happens ifa ghoul becomes involved with a mortal he really
cares about? Will he kill her in a violent fit, or will his
domitor see her as a threat to the ghoul's loyalty? What if a
tevenant finds herself drawn to someone outside the family
(a definite no-no!)? And just what are those revenant

courtships like, anyway? The answers may prove tender or
foul, warm or cold. Although the ghoul may hope for a
happy ending, the grim reality of the World of Darkness is
a nigh-impossible obstacle to surmount.

Yes, ghouls are unaging creatures. But
they're still mortal, something that is easy to overlook. A
person pumped up on the Blood is like a PCP addict with
Herculean strength, but all the vitae in the world can't save
a ghoul from AIDS. If a ghoul and her domitor are shot to
bits by machine-gun fire, the domitor goes into torpor —
but the ghoul is dead.

Some ghouls, naturally, tend to think of themselves as
immortals; revenants, thanks to their long life spans, are
already a step in that direction. But all it takes is a car wreck
to remind a ghoul how fragile she really is. Sure, she can
tegenerate most wounds — if she has a full Blood Pool, and
if she hasn't suffered significant blood loss from the wounds
themselves. And remember, she has to burn the Blood in
her veins to do so— she may repair the structural damage,
bur'she won'e be trannch shape to defend henelf. To.an
independent, this becomes especially frightening. Say a
ghoul's been carefully rationing his vitae until his next
hunt, and then right out of nowhere, a car mauls him. He
uses what's left of his hard-earned vitae to keep himself
going, but now he's got to get some more doubly fast. And
if he loses a leg? Ghouls can regenerate limbs with enough

Chapter Four: Storytelling

Zs

Mn

90 Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

vitae, but the characters don't have to know that. Even ifhe
manages to regrow the limb, he may never look at himself
the same way again.

Combat is the obvious way to play on ghouls' mortality,
but it's by no means the best or only way. Disease, particu-
larly a slow, wasting disease such as AIDS or cancer, can'tbe
permanently excised with vitae. For some ghouls, their
Blood-fueled power may be their way of going out in a blaze
of glory.

Finally, nothing plays up the fragility of a ghoul's exist-
ence more than withdrawal. Without Disciplines, special
healing powers or eternal youth, a character becomes all too
human—even moreso because she knows what she's missing.

Mood

Ghouls are very emotional beings, much more so than
Cainites. Immerse your players in the mood you select for
your story. Appeal to their every sense. Because the players
are less powerful than the vampires from whom they feed,
their survival is a tenuous thing. This can sharpen the
senses, allowing an experience possibly more vivid than one
vampire characters might offer.

© Horror: First and foremost, Vampire is a horror
game. The terrifying inhumanity of the Kindred is thrown
into even sharper relief ina ghoul chronicle. The characters
are part of a deadly world — and not a terribly important
part at that — and they are constantly in danger of being
casually slain by an indifferent Cainite. The power they gain
has a terrible price: loss of control. Vassals must fight to
retain their individuality in the all-consuming tide of the
Blood Bond. Revenantsare slaves to their dark desires, ifnot
directly to their families. Even independent ghouls must
resist their urge to frenzy, and all ghouls have to cope with
their dependence on vitae. Indeed, the Blood is the only
thing keeping older ghouls alive — but it also prevents them
from being truly human.

More importantly, vampires become far more frighten-
ing when the characters are inferior in power — and both
sides know it. The Toreador assassin who might have been
a mere rival for a coterie of vampires becomes a terrible,
implacable monster in a ghoul chronicle. As natural preda-
tors, vampires tend to become far more sadistic with those
who don't threaten them; the obvious analog is the cat
toying with its frightened, injured prey. Ghouls' knowledge
of Kindred is imperfect and subjective; the less they know,
the more they have to fear. Even finding out specifics, such
as linking the Samedi with the walking dead, is unlikely to
lessen the dread.

Finally, the deepest horror should always come from
within, not from without. Picture the ghoul who wakes up
after a drunken binge, with only hazy memories of shouting
and flashes of color, his hands soaked in blood...and gradu-
ally he remembers that his son was crying, but the house is
very quiet now...

* Ambition: Many ghouls join a vampire's service in
hopes that one night they will be elevated to Kindred
themselves. They view their domitors with longing and
envy, dreaming of the night that they too will be masters. A
chronicle might recount the aspirations of a group of ghouls:
Will they eventually attain what they seek, or will their
quest for power end in tragedy? Will they sacrifice too much
to attain their ends, and, if so, will they ever realize their
mistake? Will they throw one another to the wolves as they
struggle to the top? "There can be only one" is a catchy
sound bite until you think about the implications — better
not get too close to anybody.

Even if a ghoul cares nothing for the Embrace, she may
still aspire to be her domitor's favorite. Trapped by the
obsession of the Blood Bond, vassals often struggle to outdo
their rival servitors, risking their status, their ghouldom,
even their lives and sanity to gain the master's favor.

| Ambition can also serve as a vital element in revenant

and independent chronicles. Most revenants wish to gain

_ tespect from their Sabbat masters and distinguish them-
selves in the sect's eyes. Their pursuits may lead them to act
as efficient agents for the Sabbat, or may tempt them to
clandestinely destroy or discredit sect members, thereby
making themselves shine all the brighter. Politics among
the Sabbat is a gruesome business, but who's to say a clever
tevenant can't go all the way to the top? Of course, the
Sabbat and its associated families are a hungry lot, just
waiting to devour those who step a touch too carelessly.
Similarly, independent ghoul characters should usually have
goals more far-reaching than nightly survival. Do the char-
acters crave revenge? Power? A nobler goal, such as peace
with the Kindred? Whatever the characters' intentions,
pursuit of ambitions can lead to several good stories.

Ghoul Characters in
- Yampire: The
- Masquerade

Although a ghoul character in a coterie of vampires
appears to be at a serious disadvantage, this isn't always true.
Tobe sure, the ghoul has far less physical prowess to begin
with, and cannot as readily increase her supernatural skills.
However, a ghoul can go abroad in daylight, which offers a
tremendous advantage. She can operate as usual during
normal business hours, making deals and purchasing special
equipment. If the other characters locate an enemy's haven,
the ghoul is a perfect choice to slip past the guards and
decapitate the Cainite by day.

The imbalance of power between Kindred and mortal
may affect the game most during combat or similarly flam-
boyant shows of strength. If a ghoul's vampire companions
have trouble resisting an elder's centuries-honed Disci-
plines, what can a near-mortal do? However, a clever ghoul

is capable of surviving (often by avoiding) situations like
these. Lacking that alternative, another recourse is to make
oneselfless ofa target; it takes some doing to divert an elder's
attention to a more convenient victim, but it's possible. It
certainly won't be easy, but what else is new? At the very
least, the character may earn extra experience points for
enduring such adverse conditions.

Troupe Play

Another option is to have each player generate two
characters, one ghoul and one vampire. Each player's char-
acters may simply be linked to each other (such as a domitor
and vassal), or the group may choose to interconnect one
another's characters in a more complicated web. As the
chronicle progresses, the players take turns roleplaying the
band of ghouls (during daylight hours) and the coterie of
vampires (after the sun sets). There's ample room for switch-
ing between characters, even if the vampires are stuck with
the night shift.

One of the more rewarding facets of such a chronicle is
the shift in mindset. As the sun sets in the game, each player
moves from roleplaying an emotionally supercharged mor-
tal to taking on the personality of a true predator. Few other
combinations allow a troupe to explore two personalities at
nearly the same time with such a natural transition.

The difference in perception is equally admirable.
Here, the coterie's Kindred rivals take on the form of
frighteningly powerful adversaries when seen through the
eyes of the ghouls. Conversely, the players may not be so
cavalier about having their vampire characters offhandedly
tear apart a rival's vassals; the fact that these retainers have
feelings as well may haunt them after having walked for a
time in the ghouls' shoes.

All-Ghoul Chronicles

Of course, it's equally possible to run an entertaining
Vampire game in which not a single player roleplays a
vampire. Kindred society is just as Byzantine and sinister
from a ghoul's worm's-eye perspective, if not more so.

In fact, you may want to run a Vampire chronicle in
which all the characters start as ghouls. At the climax of a
certain story, or perhaps at various times throughout the
tun, the characters are Embraced and step into Kindred
society as full members. Such an "initiation" can be far more
satisfying than ordinary preludes. In fact, this form of two-
step chronicle produces savvier, stronger Cainites; they
have already seen how vampiric society works, and have the
edge of experience. They've spilled blood and had their own
spilled as well. Although still neonates, they are more
formidable than fledgling vampires who didn't know about
the Kindred until they were Embraced.

Chapter Four: Storytelling


Of course, you should keep a careful eye on group
dynamics when designing a ghoul chronicle. Just as a mix of
Camarilla and Sabbat vampires usually leads to a disastrous
end, the difficulties arising between vassals, revenants and
independent ghouls can strain the game. You may want to
guide the characters away from setting up too many conflicts
of interest. Certainly, it can be fun having some players
secretly working at cross-purposes, but too much of this
activity causes the story to devolve into a petty show of one-
upsmanship. It might be best to have the players be all ofone
sort — independent, vassal, or revenant — or encourage
them to develop emotional ties between characters. There's
nothing like the Blood Bond for breaking up a friendship,
though, so be warned.

It may be tempting to set up a chronicle in which one
player runs a vampire and the rest play her ghoul servants.
However, this should be tried only by practiced troupes. It's
all too easy for the chronicle to focus entirely on the
vampire, treating her servants as extensions of her. Also,
with all the characters technically subservient to one player,
the temptation to abuse that power can become irresistible.

The following are just a few possible ideas for ghoul
chronicles. Bear in mind that these chronicles can shift
dramatically with just a little effort: A domitor is killed, an
independent ghoul is Blood Bound, or a revenant flees the

Sabbat. Orchestrate matters to a fittingly exciting conclu-
sion, or let the story go where it will and see what happens.
The results can be fascinating.

© Servants of the Master: The characters are all
retainers of the same domitor. Although they might have
been chosen for different reasons or to perform different
tasks, the group is (usually) expected to work together to
achieve the master's ends. These ends may range from
covert espionage (in the interests of furthering the domitor's
status in Kindred society) to acting as a daylight hit squad
The characters can readily develop powerful emotional ties
with one another; if all are in love with the same abusive,
playful or generous domitor, they have a strong emotional
common ground. The chronicle can also take an interesting
turn if the domitor is killed, forcing the characters to either
take service with another vampire or go independent. This
is probably the most basic form of ghoul chronicle, and is
hard to beat for simplicity.

¢ Brothers in Arms: Although not vassals to the same
domitor, the characters serve the same ends. They might be
vassals to a coterie of allied vampires, or possibly even
independent ghouls who seek the same goals. The ties
between characters are not as inherently strong in this sort
of chronicle, but a common purpose can do much to unite
the group. An additional bonus is that of variety; in serving
different domitors, the characters are likely to have more
diversified skills and Disciplines.

7

=S

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


* Sabbat Demipack: The characters are an assorted
group of revenants and vassals who report to the sect rather
than to a single master. They probably have a sponsor of
some sort (whether a pack, a bishop or something else), who
has overcome the natural Sabbat hatred of ghouls to try a
new band of servants. The ghouls exist only at this sponsor's

Many Unmastered stories deal with day-to-day survival.
Are the characters lucky enough to have a regular source of
vitae? Probably not. Just acquiring monthly nourishment will
beareal struggle. In addition, the group must be exceptionally
careful toavoid compromising the organization's secrecy. The
characters may choose to dabble in politics or may attempt to

whim, so they must justify his
faith in them or be messily
disposed of. Unfortunately,
it's very unlikely that the rest
ofthe Sabbat will beso open-
minded as their sponsor. The
characters will often have to
defend themselves from abu-
sive vampires — not an easy
task in a sect where killing
other Sabbat is taboo. Some
of the ghouls may aspire to
being Embraced, but for now
they must serve the Sabbat's
needs. Whether social climb-
ers or not, the group must
strive for victory on all its
missions, and may pursue
other projects on members'
free time.

A Sabbat ghouls game
usually centersonviolenceand
assassination, although the
Sabbat is certainly capable of
subtlety. If they distinguish
themselves, the characters
may well find themselves as
partof the first or second wave
ofa siege. This stage of the
chronicle is as "do or die" as
any other, if not more so. Suc-
cessmay bring rewards enough
'  tosatisfyeven the highestam-
bitions; failure is certain to be
punished,

* Unmastered: In this
chronicle, the players gener-

Ghouls in Vampire: The Dark Ages

Ghoul characters offer as many new possibilities fora
Dark Ages troupe as they do for a modern-day chronicle.
Since almost no humans do business at night, ghouls are
invaluable to the clever coterie. This is doubly true when
the group needs to travel; on the road, the presence of a
clever ghoul can easily mean the difference between unlife
and Final Death. If one or more of the ghouls in the group
are run by players, then the fate of the coterie doesn't lie
entirely with Storyteller characters. The king's guardsmen
may want to know what's in the long, canvas-covered
boxes on those wagons, after all. And it's more satisfying
for a player to distract, bribe, threaten or fast-talk the
guardsmen out of a quick search than for the Storyteller
simply to say, "Some guards threaten to open the boxes
you're in, but your ghouls talk them out of it."

In addition, a mortal character is in for a far more
dramatic time during the Long Night. Here, vampires are
terrible and frightening figures; they are the undisputed
masters of the night. When the sun sets, and the only light
comes from a guttering lamp, the ever-present threat of
Cainite marauders becomes even more grim. Here,
ghouldom isa Faustian pact struck with deadly fiends; the
characters are damned for their deals with the devil, and
they knowit. They have strength, health, eternal youth —
the soul is a small price to pay.

For information on how ghouls of the clans were
treated during the 12th.and 13th centuries, we heartily
recommend the Dark Ages supplement Book of Story-
teller Secrets. The dirty tricks concealed therein can only
improve a chronicle set in the Long Night. A ghoul
character isin forarough time, tobe sure, butshe can prove
immeasurably valuable to her Cainite companions.

a

exterminate the vampires ofa
given city — the possibilities
are, if not endless, certainly
considerable.

© Wild Children: One
of the trickier chronicles, this
game assumes that the char-
acters are all independent,
with noallegiance to anyone
butthemselves. What's more,
they may well have discov-
ered the remarkable qualities
of vitae on their own. How
did such a group encounter
its first vampire? What made
the characters think to drink
its blood? Merely answering
these two questions can pro-
vide the beginning of a truly
unique chronicle. The Wild
Children may beacrass biker
gang like the Young Bloods,
or a secretive, neo-Masonic
cult. They may guzzle vitae
from the slashed wrists of
their prey, or ritualistically
share the Blood inaperverted
communion. It all depends
on the mood.

Naturally, most stories
in this chronicle revolve
around gaining vitae. More
than that, stories should also
center on the group's pursuit
of vampire lore. Withoutany
"in" to Kindred society, the
band will have to learn the

ate a cell of the Unmastered (see p. 94). Each ghoul may
havea different reason for joining, but all are united by the
organization. Obviously, independent ghouls are the most
likely characters, but a few revenants may enter into the
mix. It's even possible thata character or two are still vassals,
but have resisted the power of the Bond long enough to
contact the Unmastered. Their extraction may make an
excellent first story. By the story's end, the characters may
have had to kill several of their fellow vassals, and even
betray or destroy their domitor.

hard way who's easy prey and who should just be left alone.
¢ Test Group Alpha: An even more bizarre approach
is the idea of ghouls who gained their power in a "scientific"
procedure. A Kindred is caught by a small research facility,
and the nature of her blood is discovered; the characters,
then, begin as volunteers in a peculiar experiment. It's most
advisable that one of the characters be the scientist in
charge of the project; otherwise, the group may never leave
the lab. But once Test Group Alpha begins to look for other
vampires in order to prolong their powers...look out.

Chapter Four: Storytelling


Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

The characters are at a severe disadvantage from the very
beginning, as many or even all of them might not believe in the
supematural. As they gradually practice their new capabilites,
they should simultaneously begin to gather hints concerning the
true nature of the Kindred. Of course, their ties to the scientific
community make them attractive targets — they present a dire
threat to the Masquerade. If the local Cainites learn of their
existence, life could become very dangerous indeed.

An interesting variant on this chronicle might be to
make the characters unwitting test subjects, quietly ghouled
by Pentex ora similar group. Once the characters learn the
nature of the experiments run on them, they may well cut
their ties and flee their sponsor — only to find themselves
compelled to learn more about these "vampires" in order to
preserve their powers. Or maybe they don't run at all, but
willingly take up arms for Pentex...

The Unmastered

The Unmastered was formed in the 1950s as a sort of
underground railroad for newly orphaned or escaped ghouls.
Although the fledgling group numbered perhaps 20 at its
start, the four pivotal founders were Gregory Winter, Ginevra
Salamanca (Obertus), Enrico Sagunto and Philip Marshall.
Each had extensive experience in dealing with the Kindred,
and each was willing to share knowledge with less fortunate
members. Within a period of two years, the cellular struc-
ture of the Unmastered was formed and the Core was
established.

Sagunto, aformermember of the Society of St. Leopold's
Gladius Dei, was never a ghoul. He had gone rogue from the
Inquisition some years earlier over a methodology dispute,
and devoted himself to assisting the victims of Kindred
manipulation. Although he acquired at least 12 confirmed
vampire kills to his name during his time with the
Unmastered, he was finally slain by a Malkavian in the
Anarch Free States.

Philip Marshall was an independent ghoul who'd run into
his first vampire while working as a photojournalist. He soon
learned of the beneficial properties of Kindred blood, and began
hiringhimselfoutasasortof mercenary investigator, paidin vitae.
He leamed about the Blood Bond the hard way, but was freed
when Sagunto slew his domitor at the climax of an auto-da-fé,
MarshallcontinuedtouncoverKindredsecrets forthe Unmastered,
but vanished sometime in the late ‘60s while tracking down
information on the Inconnu. A few rumored sightings trickle in
every year, but none seems to be anything significant.

The remaining two, Salamanca and Winter, are still an
integral part of the Core, and have gradually increased their
influence across the world. They've learned from their
mistakes, and are largely responsible for the present effi-
ciency of the organization.


Today the Unmastered is a fairly large sect. Its methods of
recruitment are often very convincing, but its numbers are kept
incheck, both by the available vitae supply and by attrition at the
hands of more powerful supernaturals. It is secretive enough that
neither the Camarilla nor the Sabbat has learned of the
Unmastered's existence, although certain princes have begun to
piece together the rumors of the "ghoul underground railroad."

Goals

The sect's goals are simple enough: to serve as a safe
place where renegade or orphaned ghouls can flee; to
preserve its own existence by acquiring vitae however
possible; to maintain its members' independence and free-
dom; and to keep its existence a secret from vampires in
general (which also helps in preserving its members' exist-
ence and freedom).

Of course, individuals often pursue their own agendas
in addition to these goals. The sect tolerates this so long as
nobody threatens tocompromise Unmastered security. Those
who (knowingly or not) betray the sect are not given a
second warning.

Global Influence

The Unmastered operates mainly in the United States;
the combination of personal freedoms and lax criminal inves-
tigation allows it to operate comfortably from the shadows. It
tends to set up equally large cells in Sabbat and Camarilla
territory. The Unmastered steps up its activities in areas
contested by Camarilla and Sabbat; the war between sects
gives it ample opportunity to pick off stragglers on both sides.
The Anarch Free States serve as an excellent staging ground
for Unmastered activities; in this war zone, one more missing
vampire tends toattract littleattention.One ortwo Unmastered
ghouls have been careless enough to attract FBI attention (in
particular, the SAD; for more information, see Project Twi-
light). The Core's official policy is to bury the offender in deep
cover for some time — or, if the wayward ghoul has been
flamboyant enough, simply to bury her.

Canada is a slightly different story; generally speaking,
the Unmastered has a minimal presence there. Although the
Sabbat territories make for interesting hunting grounds, the
low crime rate does tend to mean that bodies get noticed.

Some cells have moved into South and Central America,
but the Unmastered finds it slow, dangerous going there. Mexico
Cityswarms with Kindred who enjoy the easy prey, and thefatand
lazy among them often find themselves hunted in tum.

The Unmastered has spread into Europe, where it has
established cells in London, Paris, Berlin and Barcelona. It
avoids Italy for the time being, based mostly on the advice
of the deceased Sagunto; the stronghold of Giovanni,
Lasombra and the overzealous Society of St. Leopold makes
for dangerous hunting grounds. What's more, the

Unmastered has yet tosend anyone into Russia; the fact that
nothing has been heard from Russian vampires in years
disturbs the Core greatly.

The Middle East isa volatile place, and to date only two
cells have proved strong enough to survive there. Australia
is a similarly low priority; apart from two or three cities, it
hasn't enough Kindred to spare.

The sect has little influence in most areas of the Third
World, and little reason to go there. The only real exception
is the vampiric paradise of the Caribbean; with so many
vampires jockeying among themselves for control of the
region, the Unmastered realizes it would be foolish to
overlook such an opportunity.

The Unmastered has tried to establish cells in Asia twice.
Both times, afew reports of the hideous and powerful Cathayan
vampires filtered back to the Core before the Asian cells
vanished completely. With the reversion of Hong Kong to
China's control, the Core has abandoned plans for a third
attempt. The sect simply knows too little of the vampires of the
East, and considers it too risky to try learning more.

Methods

Although Unmastered methodology is still evolving,
the Core has established a few basic tactics that hold up well
in practice. Part of the reeducation given to recruits in-
volves teaching them to think on their feet; members are
expected to be able to abandon a failing plan and improvise
ways to salvage a situation. However, the Unmastered
usually goes by the playbook first, making things up only in
times of crisis.

‘When the secthas gathered enough new recruits to justify
anew cell, the Core picks a target city based on intelligence
reports. Obviously, the preferred cities are those with high
Kindred populations, and it's all the better if the vampires
there are fighting among themselves. Then the Core assigns a
base cell of four or so operatives, split evenly between seasoned
hunters (reassigned from their previous locales and replaced
with fresh recruits) and newcomers.

The cell is armed with as much information as possible
about its new home, and given a small backup supply of vitae.
Once the cell moves in, its members immediately set to work
verifying their information and gathering new data. Some
cells send members directly into Kindred society, either under
the guise of mercenary ghouls or (less commonly) disguised as
vampires themselves. Their goal is not to earn the local
Cainites' trust (which would be practically impossible), but to
learn the local Cainites' names and habits.

Generally, the Unmastered hunts only when it is well
informed. True, once the cell's vitae supply runs low, it may seek
targets with abandon; for the most part, however, it prefers
picking fights as carefully as possible. Hunting parties (or
individuals, ifskilled enough) try tocapture prey, either by using
compound bows or crossbows tostake their target, or by gunning
a vampire into torpor and letting her heal hemelf only in

Chapter Four: Storytelling


captivity. Captured vampires are blindfolded, fed enough to
replenish their blood supplies, and drained of their vitae. The
most experienced cell member may interrogate the captive in
order to learn more about the city's Kindred, but this is usually
done only when the cell is sure the prisoner is quite secure. The
cell typically drains enough from the vampire forall members to
drink their fill twice, then destroys the captive with fire or
sunlight. The fewer loose ends, the less chance the cell will be
compromised.

The Core

Almost all Unmastered activity traces back to the
Core, the founders of the group. There are only three active
members of the Core (though there are plenty of rumors
about shadowy figures who drift in and out of Unmastered
politics, none of these individuals have made themselves
known). These three—Ginevra Salamanca, Gregory Win-
ter, and the mysteriously mutable Carter—shareacommand
of Cainite lore that would make many Obertus elders
envious, although it is far from perfect.

Although the Core cannot govern every facet of
Unmastered activity, it does call a lot of the shots. The three
direct many cells and constantly coordinate information on.
Kindred from citiesaround the globe. In recent times, they have
learned of the existence ofsomethingcalled the Black Handand
have begun to filter through rumors of the sect called Inconnu.
Their combination of vast experience, unmatched espionage
skills and remarkable intelligence makes the three a dangerous
group to cross, and a more than adequate authority for the
Unmastered.

Ginevra Salamanca

Ginevra Salamanca was in fact born Ginevra Obertus,
to the Obertuses of Haverhill, Massachusetts. She was
subjected to her parents' demented experimentation at an
early age — the two were trying out alternate methods of
speeding a revenant's mental and physical maturity. The
process worked fairly well on Ginevra, possibly better than
her parents had expected. She developed an astonishing
intelligence at an early age, and became aware of their
manipulations long before they expected her to do so. This
knowledge filled her with contempt, and once she had
biologically aged to adolescence, she left.

Ginevra's increased intelligence served her well in the
outside world, allowing her to evade the pursuers sent to
drag her back home. Eventually, she found herself living
with a small band of Zantosas. She was growing quite bored
with them when the Zantosas began dropping left and right,
killed off one by one by the ex-Society of Leopold hunter,
Enrico Sagunto. Ginevra picked this time to betray her
companions, siding with the mortal and quickly gaining his
confidence. She never told him her real name.

Sagunto's passion for fighting the good fight was unlike
anything Ginevra had seen from revenant or mortal. At
first, she couldn't have cared less for his cause. But his
emotion enticed her, flooding her with sympathy anda
passion of her own. The two eventually became lovers, and
soon after joined with Winter and Marshall to form the
Unmastered.

Ginevra's revenant-bor predilections, however, even-
tually drove Sagunto away from her. When he died, she
never mourned him. But the passion he'd kindled within
her was the strongest emotion she'd ever felt. To keep it
alive (and, some might say, to keep her feeling alive), she has
redoubled her activities in the Unmastered, living vicari-
ously by making the impossible happen.

Salamanca is a beautiful young woman, having been
fleshcrafted into an almost faelike, exotic appearance. Like
the other members of her family, she is reclusive, single-
minded and mildly perverse. She finds it hard to trust
Carter, particularly whenever the enigmatic being changes
faces again.

Recently, Salamanca has been tempted by the allure of the
Embrace. The thought of true immortality, of a life span long
enough to see every other Cainite either dead or subdued,
dances in her subconscious. Naturally, she is carefully consider-
ing the issue, and may notact on itforanother 50 years orso.She
also finds herself attracted to the strength of Winter's character,
and is coolly contemplating whether or not any good would
come of a carnal relationship with the veteran ghoul. Again,
nothing may come of thisnotion forsome years, but the thought
is something else with which to occupy her busy mind.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Gregory Winter

Winter is perhaps the archetypal Unmastered. He has
been vassal to a cruel domitor, and he has scrabbled after
vitae to maintain his powers. In the process, he has become
one of the most skilled ghouls ever to draw breath. Without
his experience, it's possible that the Unmastered might
never have survived as long as they have.

Nobody knows who his first domitor was, or even what
clan. From listening closely to Winter's occasional sardonic
anecdotes, the other Core members have guessed that he
served as a powerful Camarilla vampire's right hand for some
time, probably on the American East Coast during the 19th
century. He severed his ties sometime after the Civil War and
managed to survive as an independent for a few years. Even-
tually he was forced to join another Cainite's retinue, but
during World War I he swapped domitors almost as often as a
Toreador changes outfits. Nobody's quite sure how he man-
aged it, but the other two Core members have their guesses.
Forone, Winter is amazingly skilled at personal subterfuge; he
may not be a Machiavellian schemer on a grandiose level, but
hecan fool almost anyone almost all of the time. For another,
his long years as a ghoul seem to have built in him an innate
resistance to the Blood Bond. He's destroyed more than one
Cainite who staked her unlife on her servant's blind devotion.

At the close of World War II, Winter found himself
fleeing England with the orphaned retinue of a powerful
Ventrue. In his efforts to provide for his inexperienced
companions, he wound up making a slew of contacts that
soon blossomed into a full-fledged support network. When
he met Philip Marshall, they discovered a common purpose
and, more out of enlightened self-interest than anything
else, they formed the Unmastered.

Winter seems to bea man in his late 40s, with short-cut gray
hair and nondescript brown eyes. He has a very dense build; his
musculature isn't so much defined as rough-carved. His knowl-
edge of Disciplinesis quite extraordinary foraghoul, buthe prefers
torely on more mundane methods to fulfill his tasks; he needs no
Obfuscate to pull off a disguise, and his hunches rival his skill at
Auspex. Winter has made the most of his extended life span, and
has mastered many skills, all practical. He now spends most of his
days sharing this knowledge, tutoring Unmastered recruits in the
fine arts of lies, hunting and sabotage.

The other Core members are beginning to worry about
Winter's extended age. They know that he's nearing the age
when missing even one month of vitae might kill him. Al-
though Winter has been the model of steadfast loyalty to date,
it's hard to dismiss the possibility that desperation might one
night drive him to sell out the Unmastered if there is no other
way to save his life. Consequently, they have seen to it that the
sect regularly sends portions of vitae his way, and try to coerce
Winter away from any field projects in which he feels like
getting involved.

Carter

Canter is perhaps the most enigmatic Core member, even to
her fellow founders. She joined soon after Sagunto's death,
following a mecting with Winter and Salamanca in which she
convinced them that she would be invaluable to their efforts.
When tested, Carter demonstrated a grasp of Kindred lore that
rivaled even Winter's, handing the sect secret information about
the princes of three major cities. Soon after, Carter was inducted
tothe Core, the better to tap her uncanny reservoir ofknowledge.

Although Carter's loyalty was demonstrated time and
again, in 1960 she shocked the other Core members by
appearing after an extended absence — with a completely
different face and build. Intensive questioning revealed that
this was indeed the same person who'd aided in the capture of
a fledgling Sabbat pack mere weeks before. Gradually, the

Chapter Four: Storytelling


|
others came to accept Carter's change of form, which was

good: A year later, she did itagain. Carter hasnow changedher
physical form no fewer than 15 times, often changing race and
— on at least three occasions — gender as well.

Inactuality, Carterisnotalivingbeingatall. She isactually
awraith, one who uses her powers to inhabit the bodies of living
humans in order to communicate with her physical allies. Her
voluminous store of information comes from her practice of
abandoningher physical host tospy invisibly on her targets, who
seldom have any reason to suspect a wraith's presence. Only
Salamanca and Winter know of her true nature; her odd
tendencies to leave her body behind are explained to lower-
ranking Unmastered as a talent for out-of-body experiences. |

The mortal who was Carter died in the Depression, the
victim of a jaded Toreador prince who sought to lighten his
spirits with a bit of gameplay. After running the young gitl
through a series of emotional hurdles, he casually had her
executed to suit his decadent pleasure. The furious girl's
spirit refused to pass on and was trapped in the Underworld
seeking revenge. She spent years mastering the arcane
powers of her new form, and further years learning all she
could about the Kindred. (Part of her education was the
practical lesson that some vampires can indeed deal with
wraiths; to this night, Carter avoids Giovanni and Samedi
with a passion.)

Once she learned of the Unmastered, Carter immedi-
ately resolved to join them. Her hated Toreador was
overthrown but not slain several years ago, and she has thus
far been unable to locate him again. Therefore, she uses the
Unmastered as a means for her ultimate goal — utterly
humiliating and then destroying the creature that had her
degraded and slain. Along the way, she takes a certain
amount of pleasure from getting revenge on any vampires
she may, but also enjoys helping ghouls battle free from their
sick masters.

These days, Carter uses her expertise in Puppetry to
leave a trail of false identities. She does so by repeatedly
possessing a person until the host's personality is completely
submerged, then utterly taking control of the body. How-
ever, Carter can only maintain a given body for a short
period of time before she must abandon it and return to the
Underworld, for reasons she refuses to discuss. (As near as
Winter can figure, this has something to do with "working
off her karmic debt one piece at a time.") She typically
leaves her comatose host in the hands of an Unmastered
underling with orders to care for it, but accidents can
eq happen, and often Carter finds herself in search of a new

face. At such times, she usually tries to pick someone as vile
as her original tormentor, but she is sometimes less discern-
ing when ruled by her passion for revenge.

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction
—— = — — eee es


Conflict

Ghouls come in many varieties, and they can find
themselves in the midst of all sorts of possible conflicts. A
chronicle may involve several of the following ideas, par
ticularly if the characters defect to or from multiple sides in

the course of their careers.

¢ Independents vs. Kindred: There are two basic ways
to get vitae: trapping or killing vampires and hiring oneself
out to them. Of course, the latter usually involves the former
tosome degree. Independent ghouls seeking to sustain their
| power without becoming Blood Bound are going to have to
pick their targets and employers carefully, or else the city's
entire Kindred population may be at their throats. But you
do what you must to survive...
¢ Vassals vs. Kindred: A servant often has to do quite
abit of dirty work for her domitor. The pawn may not be as
powerful as the knight or rook, but she's certainly expected
todo her part to win the game. If that involves sacrificing
herself, so be it. If not, she's proved she can handle tough
situations. The characters may be pivotal agents in their
domitors' political maneuverings, completing vital tasks
while their masters chat in Elysium. This sort of conflict can
offer a high-stakes edge to campaign espionage. After all, if
caught, their domitors will almost certainly deny knowledge
of the ghouls' activities, and their captors will be free to do
as they like with the upstart mortals.

* Camarilla vs. Sabbat: Perhaps the archetypal con-
flict of many Vampire games, the war between sects is just
as immediate for the ghoul servants on both sides. The
characters may find themselves defending their domitors
against vampire and ghoul invaders from the other side, or
under orders to attack their sect's rivals. What's more, the
group may find ample opportunity to switch sides if the
inducements are strong enough to overcome the Blood
Bond. And if the other side wins, but the characters are still
alive, it may be time to start over in a new city, where the
whole process may begin again...

* Vassals vs. the Unmastered: The Unmastered is, all
told, a reasonably benevolent organization, but try telling
that to vampires. Furthermore, there's usually only so much
vitae to go around, so an Unmastered cell may well feel the
need to eliminate any local ghouls who don't look like easy
recruits. The characters may find themselves in the ironic
position of battling their would-be saviors, all in the name
of protecting their beloved domitors. This is a particularly
good conflict in that the opposition is roughly the same
power level as the player characters, but is usually clever,
better armed and well trained. The players will certainly
have to use their brains and a bit of luck to score a victory
against these veteran vampire-hunters.

a

Chapter Four: Storytelling


* Ghouls vs. Lupines: It's dangerous work, which is
why most domitors feel that their ghouls are the ones to do
it. Hunting Lupines can be a good way for an entire group
of ghouls to get killed. But if they succeed, the local Cainites
may offer them a bit more respect — or notice them as
potential upstarts. Vassals and revenants don't have to hog
all the fun, either; independents may well wonder if werewolf
blood has the same potency as vitae. And, of course, there's
no reason that the Lupines can't come to the characters —
werewolves have a definite bias against corruption, and a
ghoul smells of the corrupt in no small way.

* Ghouls vs. Blood Bond: Nobody asks to fall in love.
Vassals get asked to do some dirty things, and even the
loyalty of the Blood Bond can only go so far. What would
it take to make a vassal start straining against the greatest
passion he's ever felt? What if he was in love before he was
chosen by his domitor? Cautious domitors often toss the
occasional carrot to their vassals, just to keep the Bond
reinforced— what ifa ghoul sees sucha conciliatory gesture
for what it

Don't think this is a vassal-only source of conflict,
either. An independent may have to choose between drink-
ing three times from one vampire or losing her
Blood-engendered abilities. If she's been a ghoul for any
length of time, this choice can bea difficultone. What if the
Bond is accidental? Revenants can conceivably get into the

PS, is 4 a
ay We
243 EE
_—~
= ‘
a

100 Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

same fix, too, although their natural vitae reserves tend to
keep them from relying on outside elixir. Love and lust are
troublesome that way.

* Ghouls vs. Mortals: No ghoul should dismiss the
local police as harmless. Even the most careful charactercan
leave enough evidence behind on an "errand" to become a
suspect. What's more, Sabbat ghouls and revenants are
often murderers on the level of serial killers, and may attract
the attention of the FBI. A properly run story with the law
as the antagonist can impress a very real respect for law
enforcement in the ghouls' minds.

Of course, anyone who's ever been part of a family
knows that not all conflicts are solved by flying bullets on
either side. A ghoul with any sort of normal life (which isto
say, most vassals) is accountable to more than just the civil
authorities. What about parents? Children? A spouse? How
does a vassal explain where she's been for the last few days?
The problem is only worsened by the Blood — if the pressure
gets too high, or the baby just doesn't stop screaming, the
ghoul may go berserk. A ghoul's family may somehow sense
that something's changed with Mommy — they may fear her,
cringing, recoiling and being nervously silent whenever she
comes home after one of those "business trips." If the ghoul
has any love left for her family at all, this distance can be
heartbreaking.

[S


 Revenants vs. Revenants: Family feuds are no laugh-
ing matter where the depraved revenants are concemed.
Although the Sabbat frowns on internal disruption and is
likely to punish warring revenants, there are reasons aplenty
for a local family to try to eliminate their rivals. They'll just
have to be subtle about it, is all. The players may be loyal sons
and daughters of their family, ready and willing to do some
damage to their hated enemies, or they may be reluctantly
dragged into a war that threatens to extinguish both sides.
They may even have friends on the opposite side — which
typically leads to tragedy. Capulets and Montagues, anyone?

* Ghouls vs. the Inquisition: The Society of St. Leopold
knows little of the differences between vampire and ghoul.
Anyone who draws power from blood makes a likely target in
their eyes, and a character may find herself the target of an
auto-da-fé. The characters may also find themselves defend-
ingan ally or domitor against the hunters; after all, the Society
knows that it's best to hunt by day, and the group may be the
only ones awake when the Inquisition comes calling.

(

"~

* Vassals vs. Vassals: Few people like to share a loved
one. Bitter rivalries fester in the households of most domitors,
and the players may become involved in a fight for their
domitor's affections. To complicate matters further, their
rivals may have seniority, greater charisma, or any number
of advantages to make the contest more challenging. This
sort of conflict can also erupt when two rival Cainites seek
to upstage one another in the prince's eyes, and the ghouls
become their main tools. The characters will probably
gladly leap to defend their domitor's honor ("Undo Hugo's
litele plot for me, darlings, and I'll be ever so grateful....").

Fora really disturbing plot, have the characters run into
an ancient, terrifying ghoul servitor of a Methuselah or
Inconnu. Such a being will not only present a formidable
challenge for an entire troupe, but also graphically demon-
strate the fate that awaits the characters should they survive
their centuries of servitude. Some ghouls might even be
"scared straight" after an encounter with one of these hoary,
inhuman slaves.

Chapter Four: Storytelling


Templates

Ghouls may end up facing many sorts of opponents,
from vampires to Lupines. However, their ability to operate
unhindered in daylight means that many of their opponents
will be ghouls. The following ghoul templates are designed
as quick-start rivals, enemies or even allies for the troupe.

Vitae Hunter

This is the sort of hunter who has been surviving for some
time by her wits, and who has more than one vampire kill to
hername. She has lost much of her compassion over the years,
but the constant fight for survival has given her a razor's edge.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,

Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge
Zz

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Repair 2, Security
3, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Investigation 4, Law 2,
Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 1,
Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 1, Po-
tence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Revenant Agent

These revenants are typical Sabbat agents who serve as.
daylight muscle for the sect. They tend to travel in small
packs, and can be a real threat for ghoul characters. How-
ever, at least ghoul enemies have a chance of being awake
when they come calling...

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,

Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Repair 1, Security
2, Stealth 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 1,
Linguistics 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Potence 1; Dominate, Vicis-
situde or Auspex 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 1

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path of Enlightenment (varies): 4

Willpower: 6

Szlachta

These horrible creatures are the fleshcrafted minions of
the Tzimisce. Many szlachta are lobotomized as part of the
process, making them bestial creatures who understand only
how best to obey. Szlachta may possess any or all of the
Vicissitude Modifications listed on p. 84, and are typically
twisted into nightmarish caricatures of living creatures (all
possess the Flaw: Monstrous). The appalling alterations
they undergo serve two purposes: They become more fright-
ening, oftena crucial edge in battle; and no szlachta may ever


enter human society again. Without the temptation of
flight, szlachta are among the most brutally loyal ghouls an
unfortunate intruder may encounter.
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2
Skills: Melee 1, Stealth 3, Tracking 2
Knowledges: Any three at 2
Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: None
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 2
Willpower: 4

Vozhd

Run. These nightmarish leviathans are hybrids created
ftom 15+ ghouls who have been grafted together through
Vicissitude, Thaumaturgy and Sabbat sadism. A loboto-

/ mized vozhd is immune to Animalism, Dominate and
Presence; a sentient one (if the rumors are true) would be
even worse.

Vozhd are rarely used in this age of media and Masquer-
ade. When they are deployed, they are treated as walking
tacnukes: Sabbat point them at their targets, then run for
cover. Vozhd are omnivorous, eating anything in their path
— ghouls are as tasty as mortals or vampires.

Physical: Strength 8, Dexterity 2, Stamina 6

Social: All Attributes 0

Mental: Perception 1, Intelligence 1 (or higher?), Wits

2 (or higher?)
Virtues: Irrelevant
Humanity: Irrelevant
Disciplines: Fortitude 4, Potence 6

Willpower: 10

Blood Pool: 20/2

Health Levels: OK (x5), -1 (x5), -2 (x5), -5 (x3),
Incap.

Attack: Strike/8 dice + Potence; Bite/8 dice, auto-
matic on the turn after a grab; Palp/6 dice +
Potence, constrict thereafter

Multiple Attacks: 10 extra dice, usable only to simu-
late multiple attacks

Abilities: Alertness 5, Brawl 2, Intimidation 6

Animals

Almost every vampire with Animalism will at some
pointmakea ghoul of an animal. Ghouled beasts have many
advantages over human servitors: They lack dangerous
ambition, they are less likely to misinterpret orders, and
they are readily predictable. Ifa ghouled lion pride tends to
bea bit more trouble to feed than humans, what of it? At the
very least, a domitor doesn't have to deal with fawning
flattery and pleas for attention every hour of the night.

The following statistics are for base animals. To repre-
sent ghouled versions, add a dot in Potence, plus either
Fortitude 1, Celerity 1, or both, as desired. Some particu-
larly ancient animals, or those warped by Nosferatu blood,
might have additional Health Levels.

Alligator/Crocodile
Strength: 5, Dexterity: 2, Stamina: 5
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -3,
-5, Incap.
Attack: Bite/6 dice; Tail/5 dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Stealth 3

Chapter Four: Storytelling

Ape/Gorilla
Strength: 4, Dexterity: 3, Stamina: 4
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -3,
-5, Incap.
Attack: Bite/4 dice; Rend/6 dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Intimi-
dation 3, Stealth 2

Lion/Jaguar
Strength: 4, Dexterity: 3, Stamina: 3
Willpower: 5, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2,-2,
-5, Incap.
Attack: Claw/5 dice; Bite/6 dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4, Stealth 3

Leopard/Mountain Lion GO?
Strength: 4, Dexterity: 4, Stamina: 4
Willpower: 4, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -5,
Incap.
Attack: Claw/5 dice; Bite/5 dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Climbing
4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Stealth 3

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction

Ps

o> gt 4
rge Dog

Strength: 2, Dexterity: 3, Stamina: 3

Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3, -5,

Incap.

Attack: Bite/4 dice; Claw/2 dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,

Stealth 2, Tracking 3

|


Oversized Rat
Strength: 1, Dexterity: 4, Stamina: 3
Willpower: 3, Health Levels: OK, -1,-1, -3, -5, Incap.
Attack: Bite/3 dice

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Stealth 3

Blood Pools for Animal Ghouls

An animal ghoul may never have more than 10 Blood
Points in its system. Most animals prefer to drink only until they
gorge; a ghoul crocodile, for example, doesn't take kindly to the
idea of someone draining its blood and replacing it with vitae.

A human-sized or larger ghoul can hold 10 Blood Points;
smaller animals can hold correspondingly less. A table showing
rates for all possible animals is impractical; assume a lange dog can
hold six Blood Points, a cat-sized creature can hold four, and a rat-
sized crittercan hold two. These estimates assume that the vampire
goes through the trouble of "bleeding" the ghoul; should he simply
let the animal feed, the maximum Blood Pools are halved (so a
crocodile can "eat" five Blood Points, a St. Berard three, etc.).

Sample Plots

Every story needs a jumping-off point. Preferably, this
point of departure is one that hooks the players from the very
beginning, presumably by offering their characters a very
personal stake in the story. Although a ghoul chronicle can
certainly borrow plot ideas that would be just as appropriate for
Vampire, some stories should emphasize that the characters
are ghouls, and address their ghoul-specific goalsand concerns.

The following plots provide some ideas of where to take
achronicle, orserve as interesting stories to be played on the
side, between major events. Adapt, discard, modify or
ignore them as you will.

© One of the characters gets careless in procuring
blood, or perhaps is tricked by a benefactor or supplier.
Whatever the reasons, she becomes Blood Bound to a
strange vampire, most likely without her knowledge. When
she realizes the depths of her affection, she may well be
unaware that she is even Bound, particularly if the Story-
teller is careful to remain subtle (the vampire actually seems
gentle and affectionate toward her) or if the player agrees
beforehand to such a story.

The rest of the troupe must certainly take action, or
their errant friend could easily compromise them all. How
can they extricate her with as little trouble as possible? And
what ifthe vampire has the potential tobe an invaluableally
— do they allow her to continue spending time with him,
the better to coax him over to their side?

© One of the characters is sent on a lengthy errand by
his domitor. Upon his return, he finds his master's haven
demolished and his master torn to shreds. The deceased
vampire had no shortage of Kindred enemies, and the ghoul
has no desire to be slain offhandedly by the murderer.
Worse, he is now without a patron in the midst of Kindred
politics; another vampire, perhaps even the prince, may
well see fit to dispose of him in the name of expediency. The
ghoul will be in fora few sleepless nights as the local Cainites
argue over his fate; he and his friends may attempt to solve
the murder in hopes of gaining leniency from the prince.
Afterall, vampires are forbidden by tradition to destroy one
another. Finding the culprit would be a service to the local
Kindred, and a neat means of revenge.

However, investigation reveals that it was in fact nota
vampire who slew the domitor, but a number of city-
dwelling Lupines. Depending on the characters involved,
they may try to destroy the werewolves in retribution
(potential suicide), or they may try to negotiate with the
Lupines in hopes of ridding the city of a few of their enemies.
Unless they decide to leave the werewolves be, they are in
for a very tense, dangerous time...

* For the space ofa story, the characters face no threats
from a supernatural venue. Instead, they must keep their
own houses in order, trying to maintain their mortal lives.
Relatives come to visit, bills arrive past due, a job is threat-
ened oracharacter gets ina car accident. The characters are
confronted with a number of mundane tribulations, and
should feel the need tosmooth these things over without too
much undue fuss.

Chapter Four: Storytelling


This gets difficult when their ghoul natures are called
into play. Perhaps a character is forced to make a frenzy
check when that screaming baby just won't shut up. A freak
accident may requirea ghoul to heal herself using the Blood,
but she doesn't have that much to spare. One or two of the
group may go on a drinking spree to drown their troubles,
but find themselves craving blood far more than beer.

The tension escalates when some of their other "duties"
are called into play. A Ventrue domitor may order a vassal
to sabotage the factory where the ghoul's cousin works. An
independent may have to shelter a fellow comrade in his
house. A Grimaldi may have to discredither journalist lover
on her family's orders.

Also, who's to say that the ghouls won't try to take
advantage of their supernatural powers, gaining an edge in
mortal society via Disciplines and such? A Vicissitude-
beautified concubine might try to landa modeling career —
she's not getting any older, afterall. A cocky, drunken ghoul
may decide to settle his bar tab with his newfound Potence.
Criminal ghouls may try getting a leg up on their enemies in
asatisfyingly violent manner; drive-bys mean a bit less when
you have Fortitude 1 and can regenerate your wounds!

Ghouls are quite mortal, but not precisely human, and
this story might be an excellent way to call this fact into
sharp relief. In addition, this change of pace can be the

perfect venue for exploring underused facets of the charac-
ters' personalities and normal lives. Just how do you feel
about your sister, anyway?

¢ In the interest of trying something different, two
domitors agree to swap vassals for a time, including one or
more of the characters. Of course, the characters aren't told
that the arrangement is only temporary — their beloved
domitor simply tells them that it's time for a change, and
that they'll be staying with someone else now. With a final
admonishment to behave themselves and doas they're told,
the vassals are traded into the service of a local Toreador.

The characters should have a difficult time adjusting;
their new domitor may be exacting, cruel or eccentric.
What's more, their original Blood Bond still holds true. As
the characters pine away for their "true" domitor, their new
master may send them on errands that inconvenience or
thwart their beloved mistress. Any attempt to flee or warn
her will earn the ghouls a sharp scolding for their disobedi-
ence (and possibly a more serious punishment), anda return
to the Toreador's service.

Eventually, both domitors grow tired of theirexchanged
vassals, and swap back. However, the joy the characters feel
at being reunited with their mistress is short-lived. The
Toreador discovers thata valuable piece of artwork has gone

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


missing from her collection, and naturally blames the char-
acters. Can the characters convince their domitor of their
innocence? Can they uncover the real thief in time to save
their hides? Even if they're successful, will their domitor
ever really trust them again?

An experienced cell of the Unmastered moves into
aSabbat-held city, with the sole purpose of gathering vitae
from young and careless locals. The characters may be
associated with the Unmastered, may be thralls of the local
Sabbat, or may even be in the city for their own purposes.

The Unmastered cell is well armed, and in no time
manages to disable two of the more reckless packs of young
pups. However, the Sabbat doesn't take kindly to a taste of
its own violence, and begins combing the city for the

intruders (whom they likely believe to be Camarilla guerril-
las). Both sides have access to plenty of firepower, and are
ready to achieve their goals by any means necessary.

The characters may be drafted as hounds for the hunt,
or they may have their own agendas threatened by Sabbat
war parties. Whatever side they end up on, there's going to
be some real trouble. Depending on the prevailing mood of
the troupe, everybody should have plenty of opportunity to
work out their aggressions on their enemies or desperately
scramble for their lives. If the Storyteller feels ambitious
enough, the story could have long-term effects on the
political structure of the city in question. Just what happens
when there's a vacancy or two for new bishops (or even the
archbishop), anyway?

Chapter Four: Storytelling


The more infamous a man is, the more we are
inclined to endow him with intellectual force and moral

courage.

— Octave Mirbeau, The Torture Garden

Ghouls are as unique as the vampires who
create them — perhaps more so, for they are still
capable of experiencing (and being shaped by) the
mortal world. The following templates provide
examples of vassal, independent and revenant
characters; they also show how Camarilla, Sabbat
and independent clans shape their servitors.

Chapter Five: Templates


Patron of the Artist

Quote: Damned right, I shot Andy Warhol! But I was just following orders!

Prelude: Afterart school, your dream came true. All the finagling with realtors
and loan officers paid off; you bought your own gallery in a quaint loft downtown.
Now you could host gallery openings, spoken-word performances, film festivals —
the possibilities were endless. And all the rich and famous people you'd be able
to hobnob with...you could discover the next Dalf or Jack Kerouac or Laurie
Anderson!

Unfortunately, you didn't quite have the contacts yet, aside from a few of
your old RISD buddies, a handful of professors, and the geeky guy who worked
behind the counter at the local frame shop.

So you started frequenting The Jumping Bean, a hip coffeehouse where you
knew the elite would hang out and name-drop. That's where you met one
particularly intriguing young waif known as Corrinne. You were enthralled by
her yellow-green, catlike eyes. It was strange; you'd known lots of girls back at
school who experimented with bisexuality, and until the moment you saw
Corrinne, you couldn't quite relate to them.

Corrinne was a real Renaissance woman; she sang sweetly, played guitar,
recited poetry and was a hell of an Impressionist painter. But she was new in
town, and hadn't met many important art-world folks yet, either. Maybe you
could help each other out, she hinted. You could exhibit her work.

That night you invited her home with you to "take a look at your
etchings"; you ended up in bed. It was certainly more passionate than you'd
expected. After making love for three hours, you sat in bed talking for four.
She told you that she felt as though she had known you forever, and that she
wanted to be your "blood sister"; she said it was some kind of goddess-worship
ritual that women who love women usually perform. Enraptured by her beauty,
you obliged wholeheartedly her request that you lightly bite at her nipple and
drink her blood. Her blood was sweet as honey, and wow, did you feel good after
a sip! Hell, you'd give her your new gallery for a little more of that elixir!

Concept: No pain, no gain! Corrinne has you in the palm of her taloned
hand, ordering you around like a gofer to further her art career. You're happy
to be a lackey to Her Majesty, and you've also benefited from your newfound
Presence by attracting the jetset to your ritzy new gallery, where Corrinne
ghouls the prettiest and most influential patrons.

Roleplaying Tips: You are hopelessly devoted to Corrinne, and the sight
of her kissing or showing favor to her other ghouls nearly drives you to frenzy.
You tolerate it while Corrinne is looking, but during the day, you are bitchier
than Joan Crawford to the other ghouls, hoping to drive them away with your
callousness. After all, you saw Corrinne first!

Equipment: Black velvet beret, pack of clove cigarettes, antique silver
handgun, easel

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


aatiaeiiaa

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: ‘Patron of the Artist
Player:
Chronicle:

26 SSS Advantages

Nature: Gallanc
Demeanor: Avant-Garde
Concept: Vissal

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000000-~ = Charisma ee0ee0000 s=~Perception.
Dexterity. 000000 ~=_— Manipulation. Intelligence.
Stamina. @000000 Appearance. Wits.

=>———————ee re
Se SSSSS8S9383.S Ai ~Js_

Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting @@000000 = AnimalKen____00000000 __ Bureaucracy. @0000000
Alertness @@000000 __ Drive. @0000000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics. 00000000 Etiquette. @@000000 Finance. @@@00000
Brawl. @0000000 Firearms. 00000000 __Investigation. 00000000
Dodge. @0000000 Melee_____ 00000000 Law. @0000000
Empathy. @0000000 ~~ Music. @0000000 __Linguistics. @0000000
Intimidation. 00000000 Repair___§-_-_ 00000000 __ Medicine. 00000000
Leadership. @0000000 _ Security_____ 00000000 = Occult, @0000000
Streetwise. @0000000 Stealth____—— 970000000 Politics. 00000000
Subterfuge_____eeeooooo  Surviva___.__00000000 Science. 00000000

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Potence. @0000000 Contacts @@@00000 = Conscience/Callousness_@@@00
Presence @0000000 =@Domitor__e0000000
00000000 = Jnfluence __e0000000 ;
00000000 = Resources __@eeo0c00 _Self-Control/Instincts_eeeeo
00000000 — Allies 0000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 o0000000 —Sauraee/Morale___@@e00

———_—=_——-90000000) 9 4 ——____4

——~‘afiumanity/ Patho-—

—>—= Other Traits —— Health

Art dlistory _ @@@00000 = Bruised o
co0000000 © @ 88888000 Hurt 10
00000000 —-—= Willpower Injured 4 oO
sooo 0 00000000 Wounded 2 0
cooooccg CIDOOOGODOO Mauled 2 0
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 —-— Blood Pool —"— Incapacitated =O
ooooo000 DOOOOOOOOOO —--Weakness/Blood Bond--—
ccoocce0,/ FI OOOOOOoOoO Blood Bond

Overdosing?

——— ee
SSS

————— oe
SEO

Domitor: Corrinne
Duties:
Revenant Family: V/A


The Revolting Revenant

Quote: Never kiss a gift horse on the mouth...

Prelude: Mama and Papa always told you that you were their most specialest daughter.
You were prettier than most of your siblings, and you seemed to have quite a way with animals.
The dogs and horses on the estate just loved you; indeed, all the animals were your best friends,
and you expressed your appreciation for them in no uncertain terms. For your services, they
rewarded you with their utter adoration...and an advanced case of brucellosis, a virus which
causes spontaneous abortion in animals and remittent fever in human beings.

Asa ghoul, the infection has affected you in both ways. More than once you've had sex with
male dogs, hoping to be impregnated, but whenever you think you're
expecting, you miscarry spontaneously. You get fevers whenever
there's a chill in the air, but your revenant blood sustains you
so that you don't perish from illness. Of course, all of the
animal ghouls on your family's estate are now diseased,
but you wanted to share everything with them.

Concept: A semiautistic Bratovitch beauty, you've
been raised by a bunch of inbred revenants who in no
way find your behavior or condition abnormal. You are
as strong as the oxen you love so dearly, and better at
communicating with animals than Dr. Doolittle. You
occasionally get drafted into service by Sabbat packs
seeking guides in the werewolf-infested outdoors. Still,
sometimes you dream of running away and living with
aGangrel pack or the Lupines you understand so well.

Roleplaying Tips: You have complete control of
nearly every animal you come into contact with. Some-
times the animals won't listen to or play with you, so you
hurt them to teach them a lesson. Dissection is actually
kinda fun; you never knew that large intestines were so
much fun to skip rope with.

Equipment: Studded dog collars and metal leashes,
flea-infested doghouse (your "bedroom", cattle prod,
leather bullwhip

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Name: The Revolting Revenant

Player:
Chronicle:

Nature: Child
Demeanor: Oecviant
Concept: Revenant

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Domitor: N/A
Duties:
Revenant Family: 6ratovitch

~<>0 eS SSS Attributes woo"

Physical

Strength,
Dexterity.

Stamina. 0000000

Talents
Acting____ 00000000
Alertness. @0000000
Athletics. 000000
Brawl 000000
Dodge. @0000000
Empathy. @0000000
Intimidation. @0000000
Leadership___ 00000000
Streetwise. 00000000

Subterfuge__00000000

Social
Charisma. @0000000
Manipulation____

Appearance. @@0000

Skills
Animal Ken. @@@00000
Drive. 90000000
Etiquette 00000000
Firearms. @0000000
Melee, @@@00000
Music. 00000000
Repair_____00000000
Security. 900000000
Stealth, @@@00000
Survival, @@000000

—oOoOoQGrSr

Mental
@@0@00000
@000000
@@000000

Perception.
Intelligence.

oo er_eOwOOmrv"

Knowledges
Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. 00000000
Investigation, @0000000
Law. 00000000
Linguistics. 00000000
Medicine. @0000000
Occult, 0000000
Politics. 00000000
Science. @0000000

ne sd Advantages SSSSSS===wres

Sy

Disciplines
Potence. 0000000
@0000000
@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Backgrounds
Allies @0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

——{]["—Qq.Q"

Virtues
Conscience/Callousness_@®000

Self-Control/Instincts_@@ee0

Courage/Morale @0@000

—_________00000000  —_________

tty Health

—-— Other Traits——=—— = —~CHumanity/Pa

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Harmony
@eeeee@eo0o0d

2 Willpower ———

@eee0e00000
OOOOOo0oOo0o00

—~——= Blood Pool =~

OOOoOo0o0o0o000
OOOoOoOooo0o00

Overdosing?

Bruised
Hurt a
Injured 1
Wounded 2
Mauled = 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated
—-~Weakness/Blood Bond---—

oooo0oo000

Frenzy as rujah


Rebel Without a Regnant

Quote: The first time it's on the house; then ya gotta pay, okay? This is some good shit,
man....

Prelude: High school wasn't exactly a piece of cake for you. Pockmarked from a bad
case of acne and thinner than a dime, you weren't really the prom-king type. The
chicks at West Baker High weren't worth your time, anyway; it was much more

fun to hang out with the other "scum" on the weekends, getting high and
operating an Anarchist Cookbook test kitchen in Jeff's parents' basement.

Then you met Sheila. She wasa friend of an acquaintance. Sheila wasn't
like any girl you'd ever met before; she'd read the entire Communist
Manifesto while tripping on acid. She was really hot, too, and didn't seem
to mind your lanky frame and zit remnants.

After you'd been seeing each other for a few weeks, Sheila admitted
to you that she was actually "Kindred." It kinda freaked you out, but it
seemed really intriguing, too. Hell, you'd read Interview with the Vampire
back in sixth grade; you knew all about vampires. So Sheila turned you
into a ghoul while you were really high. What a buzzkill it was when you
found out what she'd done. Potand methedrine were hard enough to quit;
now you had blood to contend with.

What Sheila did really pissed you off. You broke up with her, but
shortly thereafter you realized you were really Jonesin' for some good V-
tay.

Concept: You were Jonesin' all right, but there was no way in hell
you were gonna be some vampire bitch's slave in order to get your fix.

You quit high school and now hang out on the streets at night, looking

for vampires to beat up and feed on. Your increased Potence works most

of the time, but now and then it fails you against particularly strong vampires,

leaving you bloodied, bruised and running for your life. When you have a surplus
of potent blood, you sell it to other addicted ghouls. You don't think ghouls should
just sit back and do whatever their domitors say when you can supply ‘em with
better vitae and not fuck ‘em over. It's time for a revolution!

Roleplaying Tips: You display all the stereotypical Brujah clan mannerisms.
Stand up for what you believe in! You are embittered by your experience with
women, and you hate vampires. Vampires, ghouls and kine alike are surprised when
they see a 100-pound weakling like you rearranging faces and breaking legs. You've
got power; abuse it.

Equipment: Swiss Army knife, The Anarchist Cookbook, syringes stolen from
the diabetics' section at Revco, plastique (for bomb making), portable CD player,
feathered roach clips

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Name: Rebel w/o a Regnant
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
@000000

00000

0000

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina,

Talents
Acting 0000000
Alertness. @@000000
Athletics, @0000000
Brawl. @@000000
Dodge. @0000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. @0000000
Leadership____@0000000
Streetwise. @@000000
Subterfuge. @0000000

Disciplines
Potence.

@0000000
Fortitude 0000000
Celerity 0000000
Obfuscate__@0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

SOs 0s Attributes

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Nature: Gallant
Demeanor: Rebel
Concept: Independent

Social
Charisma @@000000
Manipulation. @@@00000
Appearance. @@000000

OEE oe
<0 SSS Ailes —__=_==w

Skills
Animal Ken____00000000
Drive_____@e000000
Etiquette___ 00000000
Firearms___®0000000
Melee. @0000000
Music___00000000
Repair______—-9 0000000
Security__@0000000
Stealth, #0000000

OSS SS == Advantages eo

Survival, #0000000
Backgrounds
Allies @@000000
Contacts 000000
‘Resources @0000000
OO0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

eS eeeeeE—E—E——————eeeee

---4gfffumanity/Patho=—

~-—= Other Traits —— —-—— Health
Area "Knowledge @@@00000 Beuised o
00000000 @@@®e@e@8@0000 Hurt 40
00000000 +=—— Willpower ——=— Injured 9-1
ccooooon 8 OBB 00000 Wounded 2
oooeo, §6&dooooooo0o0 Mauled 2 0
Crippled 5 O
00000000 : -
00000000 Blood Pool Incapacitated
00000000 finiawa Be
oooooo0n0 OOOOOOOOOO ~Weakness/Bloo! ae
00000000 oo oo00 oo oo oO "No steady supply of
Overdosing? ‘00d
a Se

————————— oe oe
_——————=—=="—*

—————

Domitor: N/A
Duties:
Revenant Family: N/A

Mental
Perception. @0000000
Intelligence. @@000000
Wits, @@@00000

Knowledges
Bureaucracy. 00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. 00000000

Investigation, 00000000

Law____00000000
Linguistics, 00000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult, @0000000
Politics. 0000000
Science. 00000000

Virtues
Conscience/Callousness_@@@@O

Self-Control/Instincts__@e®000

eeee0

Courage/Morale___

—
l


Le Femme Serpentina

Quote: On your belly — like a snake!

Prelude: As a teenager on South Beach, you did it all — sniffed a lot of coke,
smoked a little weed, made a few nickel-and-dime deals, did the whole Timothy Leary
tune-in-turn-on-drop-out thing. Until you got busted selling to some damn Miami
Vice-wannabe narcs. It was only a dime bag! For a dime bag, you had to go to the Pe
juvenile detention center, and then your mother and father sent you to Shady
Oaks — a rehab center far away from your friends and connections in Miami.

When you "graduated" from rehab, you were a different person. You'd
followed the 12 steps faithfully — you'd even become a born-again Christian.

The only drugs you did anymore were aspirin and caffeine. You decided that
you wanted to spend the rest of your life fighting crime and keeping drugs
off the street; it was a mission from God.

As soon as you got out of high school, you enrolled in the Criminal
Justice program at the local college; after you graduated with honors, you
went straight to the police academy.

Fresh out of school, you were assigned to the South Beach beat. Your
superiors thought you were the woman for the job; you were so familiar with the
drug scene there, they reasoned, the dealers would probably sell to you without
thinking twice. They were right; your old connections came out of the woodwork,
congratulating you on getting back with the "fun crowd."

You did some buying and had to do your share of drugs to convince the dealers
you were still trustworthy before you made the big busts. You weren't gonna get
hooked, though. You'd seen Rush, and what happened to Jennifer Jason Leigh and
Jason Patric wasn't gonna happen to you.

It didn't. Instead, a crafty Setite acid dealer gave you a kind of trip you'd never
experienced before — a drug that made you feel as though you possessed superhu-
man strength — a drug that you later found out was potent vampire blood. The
Followers roped you into their world, luring you with more power and hoping that
you'd recruit members into their clan; if you'd done a 180 in your life, they
reasoned, you could easily persuade others to do the same for the Setites. Those who
didn't cooperate would simply have to deal with the fact that you were a damn good
shot after your police training.

Concept: You're one part persuasive religious freak, another part hired killer,
with enough Potence and Charisma to either convert or kill half the population of
Miami.

Roleplaying Tips: Rope people into the clan with your goody-two-shoes act;
then, if they don'tlisten to you, it's time to whip out the ol' .45 and show ‘em some tough
love. Don't let anybody get away with anything! People gotta have some respect for
authority.

Equipment: .45, nightstick, police uniform, Cult of Sekhmet religious pamphlets,
handcuffs

Ghouls: Fatal Addiction


Name: La Femme Serpentina
Player:
Chronicle:

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Conniver
Concept: Vissal

Domiitor: Secites
Duties:
Revenant Family: N/A

|

Physical
Strength, @@@00000
Dexterity.

Stamina.

<5 0 = Abi

Acting. —00000000
Alertness. 0000000

Athletics, @0000000
Brawl.

Dodge.
Empathy.
Intimidation.
Leadership.
Streetwise.

Subterfuge. @0000000

Social
Charisma. @0000000
Manipulation__ @@ 000000
Appearance___ @®000000

Skills
Animal Ken___00000000
Drive______®0000000
Etiquette. 00000000
Firearms____@@@@0000
Melee. #0000000
Music____00000000
Repair_____00000000
Security______—®0000000
Stealth______®0000000
Survival__00000000

—_—_—_—

Mental
Perception. @@000000
Intelligence__

Wits,

¢ SSS ——or0=—-

Bureaucracy.
Computer.

00000000
00000000
Finance. @0000000
Investigation, @@000000
Llaw_______e0000000
Linguistics, 00000000
Medicine. 00000000
Occult, @@000000
Politics. 00000000
Science. 00000000

00) ee Advantages SSO

Disciplines
Potence. @0000000
"Presence 0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Backgrounds
Domitor @000000
Contacts ©@000000
Resources @0000000

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Virtues
Conscience/Callousness_@@®000

Self-Control/Instincts__@

Courage/Morale__

or on

v= Other Traits —<—

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

—~‘effiumanity/ Patho

x) e0000
= Willpower ———
@e@e02e000000
OOOOOOOO000

—»———= Blood Pool ———
OoOooo0oo0o0o00

OOOOOOoOo0ooO

Overdosing?

—a————= Health ————

Bruised

Hurt

Injured

Wounded

Mauled

Crippled

Incapacitated
+-~Weakness/Blood Bond---—
Blood Bond


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

<8
Oo

Physical
@0000000
@0000000
@0000000

Strength,
Dexterity______
Stamina.

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Nature:
Demeanor:
Concept:

Social
Charisma. @0000000
Manipulation___ @0000000
Appearance. @0000000

Domitor:
Duties:
Revenant Family:

Arh KS oe

Mental
@0000000
@0000000
@0000000

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits

oy

Talents
Acting 90000000
Alertness, 00000000
Athletics, 00000000
Brawl. 00000000
Dodge. 00000000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation. 00000000
Leadership___ 00000000
Streetwise, 00000000
Subterfuge. 00000000

Skills
Animal Ken___00000000
Drive____00000000
Etiquette____ 00000000
Firearms____00000000
Melee. 00000000
Music____ 00000000
Repair_____900000000
Security_____. 90000000
Stealth_______ 00000000
Survival__00000000

Ie6ueu™NIeINI™*{"™"™w{km@T(amC@xCT_[a»_»v

Knowledges
Bureaucracy___00000000
Computer. 00000000
Finance. 00000000
Investigation, 00000000

00000000
i_00000000

00000000

00000000

00000000

00000000

Medicine.
Occult.
Politics.
Science.

>= Advantages yee

Disciplines
Potence. @0000000
0000000
0000000
00000000
00000000
0000000
00000000

Backgrounds
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

Virtues
Conscience/Callousness_@0000

Self-Control/Instincts__@0000

Courage/Morale. @0000

EE¢exmlV—X—___ ss +0re<

—»— Other Traits—<—

00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
00000000

~--~CHumanity/Patho~—

0000000000
—»—— Willpower —=—

0000000000
OOOOOOOOoOo

—-—— Blood Pool ——=—
OOOOOOo0Oo0o00

OOOOOO000o00

Overdosing?

Health
Bruised oO
Hurt 10
Injured 9-1
Wounded 2 O
Mauld 2 0
Crippled 5 O
Incapacitated O

+--Weakness/Blood Bon
