# File: Giovanni Chronicles I - The Last Supper.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

BLACK DOG
GAME FACTORY-

For Aoutts OX

Ne

oo

i

GIOVANNI CHRONICLES.

HE
AS
UPPER

The party was getting under way,

Stiffly, slowly.

The way they drank was unholy

They hovered round the glass-filled tray
Ravenously,

Like birds of prey

White, intense;

With mask-like faces

Frozen in rigid, gay grimaces.

They chattered and laughed

Stony-eyed:

Impatient:

Hasty

Preoccupied.

They drank swiftly, as though they might
Drop dead before they were perfectly tight.
— Joseph Moncure March, "The Wild Party"

by Daniel Greenberg and Teeuwynn


Credits:

Written By: Daniel Greenberg

Additional Material By: Teeuwynn Woodruff

Edited By: Jennifer Clarke Wilkes

Developed By: Andrew Greenberg

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Art: Tom Berg, Darryl Elliot, LiefJones, and Drew Tucker
Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

White Wolf, Inc. Executives

Mark Rein® Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Owners
Stephan Wieck, President

Wes Harris, Vice President of Licensing and Contracts
Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales and Marketing
Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and Design
Ken Cliffe, Director of Development and Editing
Benjamin T. Monk, Jr., Controller

Rebecca Schaefer, Warehouse Manager

Call (404) 292-1819

og

iy 780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD
& SUITE 100
CLARKSTON, GEORGIA 30021

CAME STUDIO

© 1995 White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. The Giovanni Chronicles: The Last
Supper and Vampire: The Masquerade are trade-
marks of White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader

discretion is advised. PRINTED INCANADA

The Last Supper

Special Thanks to:
Andrew "Civilized" Greenberg, for what he does at work
all day.
Ken "Red Man" Cliffe, for getting the fishing look
Bill "Flame On" Bridges, for looking to become a Burning
Man.
Phil "Roommate Switch" Brucato, for everyone doing the
household shuffle.
Mike "Get Down Here" Tinney, for luring away the
competition.
Tan "Mr. Ed" Lemke, for his ventriloquist at the wedding.
Jennifer "Mr. Wesleyan" Hartshorn, for knowing who to
look for at hiring time.
Cynthia "Day In, Day Out" Summers, for being the sole of
responsibility (hey, did any of you editors catch that nifty
spelling of "soul"?)
Laura "Tan Lines" Perkinson, for going to Florida during
monsoon season.
Ethan "Comma Man" Skemp, for knowing what makes
any book better.

Authors' Thanks:

Thanks to Kim Baker for the Durga Syn-Synovea
connection.

Scanned by [pl]m3u and released on rpgbookz.dyndns.org

Word from Black Dog Game

Factory

This book is the second from Black Dog, White
Wolf's mature readers line. In this case we do not

expect the book to offend as much as we hope it will
invigorate. The worry here is not that someone will
be offended by the words or illustrations; rather that
the players and Storytellers will ha
further into character than they've ever gone before.
Submerge yourself in your role. Use all those nasty
tricks from acting school. Remember, it's only a game

— but what a game it can be.

achance to go


Introduction
Act One: The Art of Fine Dining
Act Two: In the Halls of the Dead
Act Three: The Choice

Appendix: Beginning the Game

Contents

17

|

71



~

This is my last supper, please come and eat with me,

I want all my old friends to dine here by the sea

This is my last supper, how come it's come so soon?

Where are the merry makers? Where are the red balloons?

Do you think it's ending? Did you think it was good?

Then drink and be merry, we still have lots of food...

Jacques Brel, "My Last

The Giovanni
Chronicles

The Last Supper, the first book in the Giovanni
Chronicles, begins in the Middle Ages. The characters
begin as the lowest of pawns, bred for slaughter. If they

survive, grow and take advantage of their precarious posi
tion, they can become powers ina game much greater than
any they have ever known.

Each book in the Giovanni Chronicles is a complete
story that can be enjoyed even if the players have not have
not played through the previous stories. Together, these
books form an interlocking chronicle that sweeps through
history and recreates some of the most tumultuous periods
in human and Kindred lore.

Creating
Medieval Characters

The players create medieval characters using the
instructions in the Appendix. Inform them that their
characters will begin play as mortals, and will have their
Preludes during the actual play of the game. They may
choose their clan from the ranks of the (as yet unfounded)
Camarilla. They may notchoose the Giovanni clan, which
does not yet exist, or the Cappadocian clan, which will
abruptly cease to exist during The Last Supper,
haracters know little of
vampires, but would most likely believe that they exist

Like most other mortals, the

along with chimera and sea serpents. The players may
assign their freebie points to their characters now, but they
may not use such bolstered Traits until after their charac
ters are Embraced

Introduction


The following information is for the Storyteller
only. Turn to the Appendix for further instructions on
creating the characters for this game. That information
may be photocopied along with the medieval character
sheet and given to the players. The characters should be
from different clans, but this is not crucial. For example, if
there are two Tremere, then make sure the Tremere
conspirator Embraces both of them during the attack
scene.

Make sure you've read the whole book and are familiar
with the whole story arc before running the game. The plot
can take many twists and turns as the story progresses, and
the players can take a wide range of actions. Staying on top
of the plotline is crucial to running the game well.

Dark History

The date is April 4, 1444. It is a time of chaos and
death. The New World has not yet been discovered, and
the Old World is awash in blood. The Crusades have come
to a disastrous end for Christendom. The final Christian
stronghold in the holy lands fell 150 years ago, and subse-
quent Crusades have been utter failures. Suffering deep
humiliation, Christendom turns inward. Like a trapped
animal desperately gnawing on its own flesh, it unleashes
a torrent of new Inquisitions, attempting to purge itself of
unwanted elements.

The Italian Renaissance has not reached the dark
heart of Europe, and the Protestant Reformation is still
almost a century away. As the Holy Roman Empire de-
clines, the Turkish Empire ascends. The Moslem religious
wars meet with triumph, and solidify the Turks' power base
in the holy lands. In 1453, less thana decade after this story
occurs, the Turks will topple the Eastern Orthodox Church
and capture Constantinople, the holiest city in
Christendom. They will be indirectly aided by the calcu-
lated indifference of a Western papacy eager to see the fall
of its only rival for authority over the Christian world.
From the newly seized holy city, the Turks will threaten all
of Europe: a land devastated by the Hundred Years' War,
the Wars of the Roses and the Black Death.

But that is still 10 years away. For now, in 1444,
Western Europe is a fool's 5 and the people enjoy
a false sense of security. But in Central and Eastern Europe,
tension and fear are part of daily life. Just south of the
setting for this story is Wallachia, the center of the bloody
no-man's land between the Moslem and Christian worlds,
where Vlad Dracul, Prince of Wallachia and father of Vlad
Tepes, struggles with conflicting demands and impossible
loyalties. The more he fails at his hopeless task, the more

aradise

he must watch his people suffer the wrath of two warring
factions of God's soldiers

In the vampiric world, the anarchs are on the move,
breaking old shackles and asserting their right to rule their
own destinies. Elders who have ruled for centuries grow
uneasy as they feel their reins of control begin to go slack.
The Tzimisce and Lasombra Antediluvians have been
destroyed by the anarchs.

The Inquisition has taken a deadly toll on the Kin-
dred, as many powerful elders have fallen to human hunters.
The elders also feel the sting of the ceaseless holy wars,
many of which other elders have spurred on. More than a
few Kindred have had their holdings overrun by mortal
soldiers in the service of other vampires, sometimes from
their own clan.

Asaresult, their cries for greater organization, coordi-
nation and protection have grown loud. The first meeting
of the two dozen elders who will form the Camarilla
occurred 50 years before this story begins, and in the
intervening years they have presented their case well. But
many elders resist the notion, preferring the perils of
autonomy over surrendering authority to a group. What
the founders of the future Camarilla need is a decisive
event which will bring elders together to enforce a new set
of rules.

Partial Timeline of Kindred
History

1394 Pre-Camarilla: First inter-clan meeting to deal
with the anarchs

1395 Tyler's attack: anarch revolt begins

1405 Lasombra dies at the hands of his childe

1413 Tzimisce Antediluvian is attacked by anarchs

1420 Anarch movement solidifies: Vinculum comes
into common use

1444. Giovanni dinner party

1450 Camarilla officially forms

1486 Malleus Maleficarum distributed and Inquisition

reinvigorated

Story
Background

Book One of the Giovanni Chronicles is the tale of
the diablerie of Cappadocius. Though it starts with the
dinner that seals his fate, the real story begins long before
that, even before the birth of Cappadocius. It begins with
the confluence of forces that fight for the destiny of
mankind and all life on Earth. It is rooted in the mysteries
of vampirism and the relation of the human and Kindred
to the universe.

The Last Supper


Life and Death

The processes of both life and death are mutable. The
mysteries that regulate the arrival of fresh incarnate souls
on Earth and the exit of souls from the realms of waking
consciousness are not governed by inflexible cosmic laws.
Knowledgeable entities, from mages to wraiths to vam-
pires, have learned to peer into the mysterious realms of life
and death, manipulating their processes to their own
advantage.

In the dimly remembered days of prehistory, the
Antediluvians were consumed with the mystery of their
own existence. With all the time in the world to ponder
their place in creation, many of them sought to commune
with primal powers and gain esoteric knowledge beyond all
but the wisest mortals. Due to the inherently vicious
nature of the Jyhad, they kept many of these secrets from
their progeny.

One of the most tenacious seekers among the 13
Antediluvians was Cappadocius. Said to have been a rebel
priest in his mortal life, his conversion to the ranks of the
undead only intensified his quest to unearth the secrets of
life, death and what lay beyond. Indeed, his childer said
Caine himself sought out their ancestor because of the
single-minded determination with which he pursued these
questions, and entrusted Cappadocius with a duty unlike
any he gave his other grandchilder, though none specu-
lated as to what this onus was.

Because of Cappadocius' unique passion, the Book of
Nod refers to his lineage as the Clan of Death (though this
is often mistakenly interpreted as referring to the Giovanni).
He sent out his progeny, led by his son Japheth, to comb the
world for esoteric wisdom from every source. Japheth
returned with fascinating information.

Lilith

Due to the veil of secrecy between the Antediluvians
and their progeny, many Kindred elders assumed that their
vampiric powers were bestowed by God as part of the curse
of Caine. The scholars of the Book of Nod believed that
Caine's power emanated not from the curse of Jehovah, but
from the love of Lilith. Cappadocius suspected that Lilith
herselfheld the secrets he sought. In his search, Cappadocius
found ancient texts that revealed Caine's former bride to

be not simply a lesser god, but an equal of Jehovah. They
described Jehovah as the half of God that dwells in light,
and Lilith the half of God that dwells in darkness. Both
halves bring souls to the living world and both deliver
them to the next. Together, Jehovah and Lilith make up a
God who is greater than both halves and incomplete

without one or the other, though the dual sides do not
always act in concert.

Introduction


Necromancy

Cappadocius reached out from torpor to contact nec-
romancers, who he heard held the secrets of the lands of the
dead. Many of his progeny, including Japheth, warned
against the idea, since the fanatical death-worshippers
were unreliable and dangerous. But Cappadocius was de-
termined to open their crypts and gain access to their
hidden knowledge. Shortly after the beginning of the
second millennium A.D. he hadhischilder kidnap Augustus
Giovanni, the head of a Venetian family of wealthy mer-
chants and necromancers. They drained the necromancer's
blood and replaced it with some drawn from Cappadocius.
Augustus Embraced his family in turn and became third in
command of the Cappadocians, right after Cappadocius'
own son Japheth.

Cappadocius' action caused friction between the
Giovanni and the elder Cappadocians, who feared that the
insular Venetian necromancers would never take orders
properly. Cappadocius visited his Methuselahs in their
dreamless sleep, telling them that the exciting new lore the
Giovanni brought more than made up for the problems
they caused.

Apotheosis

The necromancers also upset the elder Cappadocians
with their views on life and death. They did not view
humans and vampires and spirits as separate beings, but as
a single race in the process of becoming something new.
They believed that this evolution could be controlled by
clever beings, who stood to gain so much power that they
would evolve into gods. The Giovanni hoped that if they
mastered the mysteries of death, they would gain total
power over life and death and everything in between. The
Giovanni are not simply being melodramatic when they
refer to their "god-like feeling" that accompanies power
over death.

Cappadocius told his childer that this was the time of
the Anointing, an elaborate ritual he said would unite him
with the unified powers of dark and light, thus giving him
infinite authority. He intended to use his apotheosis to
freeze the mutable process of life and death in stasis, giving
all living beings the gift of full immortality. No soul could
ever be destroyed or whisked away from Earth. Cappadocius
believed that with death forever locked away, all creatures

would live a perfect, unending existence under his benevo-
lentcare. With full control over life and death, Cappadocius
would then sit in judgment on all the souls.

The Giovanni

But the Giovanni family had a very different agenda.
They too believed that comprehending the mysteries of
death would make them divine, but they saw the power as
something for themselves alone, not as a gift to the world.
The Cappadocians were nothing but a stepping stone to
their goal.

The Last Supper

Since the vampiric state is so much closer to death
than human existence, they chose to become undead.
They picked Cappadocius to give them the gift of unlife
with all the cold-blooded efficiency of merchants selecting
a large and vulnerable company to take over from within.

Once the insular necromancers incorporated them-
selves into the Cappadocians, Augustus Giovanni made a
great show of personal loyalty to his new masters, but set his
son and childe, Claudius, about the task of destroying
Cappadocius.

The Ventrue

Up till then, the Ventrue and Cappadocians had
worked together throughout history to consolidate tempo-
ral and material power. The Cappadocians appreciated the
Ventrue's distate for chaos and rebellion, while the Blue
Bloods liked the Death Clan's desire for order. The prag-
matic Ventrue deplored the driving concerns of the other
clans (art, revolution, animal lore, madness) as fatuous
excess,

In the last few hundred years, however, the
Cappadocians had become consumed with their mystical
quests and had neglected many of their joint enterprises
with the Ventrue. The Ventrue had considerable difficulty
working with the Cappadocians through most of the Middle
Ages, blaming the change on Japheth. They enthusiasti-
cally approved of the Cappadocian merger with the
Giovanni, believing that an alliance with the greatest
shipping house in Italy would restore a healthy dose of
sound business sense and reestablish a materialistic and
stable ethos within the Cappadocian clan.

Claudius found an unlikely ally in Lady Jadviga
Almanov of Bohemia, a Ventrue elder who admired the
business sense of the Giovanni family. To improve the
chances that Cappadocian interests would shift back to
issues of stability, Jadviga proposed to the Ventrue council
of elders that she destroy Japheth. It would teach the
Cappadocians a lesson, she argued, and solidify Giovanni
power within the Death Clan, for Cappadocius would
surely replace Japheth with Augustus Giovanni. The council
approved, and Jadviga cautiously approached Claudius
Giovanni with the plan. She was pleasantly surprised at his
eagerness to betray his own clan.

Jadviga and Claudius hatched their plot together but
kept dark secrets from one another. Jadviga did not reveal
the Ventrue council's involvement in the scheme. She
looked on Claudius as a useful dupe who would be forever
grateful to her and therefore forever in her debt. If he
decided not to grant her boons, she could threaten to
reveal the conspiracy to Cappadocius, who would likely
destroy both Claudius and his father out of anger. This
revelation would not hurt the Ventrue alliance with the
Cappadocians, since Jadviga told Claudius that she was
acting alone, giving her clan plausible deniability in case
the plot went awry.


But Claudius Giovanni was no dupe, and kept even
bigger secrets. He realized that the Ventrue were not
trustworthy and intended to beat the master businessmen
at their own game. Like Jadviga, Claudius pretended he
was acting alone in betraying his clan. He did not tell her
that Augustus Giovanni knew of the plot to destroy his
rival, for his family would also need protection if the
scheme were discovered. He also hid the fact that Augustus
was not about to settle for second rank in the Cappadocians,
but intended to commit the ultimate crime of diablerie,
consuming the clan founder. The Ventrue plot simply
made it easier for him to launch his patricidal attack. The
Giovanni knew that after such an audacious act the Ventrue
could never blackmail them.

In this atmosphere of mutual deceit the two conspira-
tors sealed their pact in blood.

The Conspiracy of Isaac

To increase their chance of success, Jadviga and
ic, inviting
LL other Kindred elders to assist with the attack. They

Claudius decided to form the Conspiracy of Isaz

promised their ancient co-conspirators a share of Japeth's
vitae, as well as other, even darker rewards.

At this point the clans comprised the Brujah, the
Gangrel, the Malkavians, the Nosferatu, the Toreador, the
Tremere (who had by then virtually destroyed the Salubri
and diablerized Saulot), the Ventrue, the Lasombra, the
Assamites (who had not yet been stripped of their ability
to commit diablerie), the Tzimisce, the Followers of Set,
the Ravnos and the Cappadocians.

The conspirators were all aristocratic, debauched vam-
pires with jaded notions of pleasure. Asa special gift to seal

theit membership in the conspiracy, Claudius promised to

feed each of them a mortal carefully selected to please her
individual palate. The Giovanni family searched far and
wide, and spared no expense to provide these human
aperitifs.

That's where the characters come in, They have been
invited to Claudius Giovanni's manse "for dinner." The
vampires plan to Dominate them into staying and torment
them with their impending fate, then feed on the misery
and suffering they stir in the mortals as much as on their

blood.

The Founders

Another group further complicates the situation. A
large number of Kindred, led by the Ventrue Hardestadt,
seek to unify the clans against all enemies, external and
internal. They call themselves the Founders, because they
seek to found an inter-clan council that would be more
powerful than any single clan.

This pre-Camarilla group has heard rumors of the
conspiracy against Japheth Cappadocius, and seeks to nip
it in the bud. The Founders have put together a posse to

Introduction


fein in any wayward clan members: who would dare to
conspire against their elders. Saving Japheth is entirely a
secondary concern for them, though they would like to
gain the undying loyalty of the Cappadocians. Their pri-
mary interests lie incatching the conspiratorsand exploiting
the situation for cheirown gain. They believe that this will
make undecided Methuselahs and elders unify when they
see such an extensive conspiracy against another

Methuselah.
The Founders are not above exploiting the paralyzing

fear of destruction that is unique to immortals and preying
on that peculiar paranoia as a means to power. They seck
to use the conspirators
Kindred anarchy. The Founders see unification z
to greater personal power, and do not believe they are in

dupes to inflame elder dread of

amez

ns

any real danger from so small a conspiracy. None of them
believe that it has a hope of succeeding, and none of them
have even considered that it could result in the destruction
of an Antediluvian. They are in for a frightening surpris

The Ventrue leadership first secretly sanctioned
Jadviga's attack on Japheth Cappadocius. Then they au-
thorized Hardestadt's counterattack on the conspirators,
knowing that a successful counterattack will ensnare Jadviga
Almanov. The council believes that the Ventrue win no
matter whathappens. IfJadviga succeeds in killing Japheth,
the Ventrue still meet their goal of teaching Cappadocius
alesson and helping the Giovanni rise in the Death Clan.
If Jadviga is stopped, the Ventrue will disavow her, and
point to Hardestadt's bringing down a member of his own
clan to save Japheth. The Cappadocians will then owe the
Ventrue a life boon.

Hardestadt and the Founders also believe that they
win no matter what happens. If they don't stop the con-
spirators from killing Japheth, the elders will truly fear the
power of lawless progeny and will want to organize. If they
stop the conspiracy, they conclusively demonstrate why
inter-clan Justicars are essential to stability. Either way
they come a step closer to cementing the formation of the

Camarilla. That goal is easily worth the betrayal and loss of
one Ventrue operative. Of course, they do not tell Jadviga
Almanov that she will be destroyed no matter what hap-
pens,

Durga Syn

There is one final player in this dark and dangerous
game. The mysterious Ravnos gypsy Durga Syn has been
monitoring all the players in this deadly little game, and
plans tostep in after the Founders launch their preemptive
strike on the conspirators. She has foreseen that the
Giovanni-Cappadocian clash will unleash destructive forces
that will reverberate for half a millennium.

She does not know how to ensure the safety of life (and
unlife) on Earth, but she has prophesied that the characters
are at the heart of a solution. They are in a unique position

The Last Supper


to stop the Earth-shaking plans of both the Giovanni and
the Cappadocians, so she intervenes to have them kept
alive. Because she is unsure of the outcome, she is unable
to tell the Founders exactly why the characters should be
spared. Nevertheless, she will take steps to protect the
characters, and arm them as best she can for the gathering
storm,

Story Synopsis

Act I begins with the characters preparing for a

banquet given by the powerful and feared nobleman, Lord
Claudius Giovanni. They have each received exclusive
invitations to a lavish dinner far above their station, and
they
Giovanni manse. (There are 13 in the group, regardless of
how many player:
the rest of the characters.)

assemble at a nearby inn to await a carriage to the

there are. The Storyteller should

The chosen kine meet their hosts, who are actually

elders of the 13 vampire clans and conspirators against
Giovanni's elder "brother," Japheth Cappadocius. Each
sof the

dinner party, and the hosts get to know their human meals.

elder takes a personal interest in one of the membe

After a harrowing experience, the characters are told they

are to be sacrificed to the unwholesome appetites of their

hosts. They were selected for having blood of exquisite
taste and quality.

But before the characters are completely drained and
killed, the Giovanni manse isattacked by the Founders. To
defend themselves, Giovanni and his coterie Embrace the
sacrificial lambs, leaving them to stave off the attack and
buy the coterie more time to flee. When the Founders
arrive, the characters must decide whether they are to
fight, surrender, or try to escape.

In Act II, the surviving characters are subjected to a
harsh interrogation and must justify their continued exist-
ence to the Founders, who are eager to destroy them.

Fortunately, they are defended by Durga Syn, who suggests

that they be used as spies against the conspirators. She

persuades the bloodthirsty Founders to spare them, and the
characters are charged with infiltrating the conspiracy.
They also meet the Cappadocians

The conspirators, on meeting the characters again, are
eager to kill them, but seek to avoid bloody strife that has
no profit. So they offer the characters a chance to join the
plotagainst Japheth Cappadocius, explaining that they are
involved in far more than a naked power grab. The con-
irators insist that Japheth has discovered forbidden texts

from the era before the Flood, and that it can make
Cappadocius an all-powerful god. They offer compelling
evidence that the Death Clan plans to kill death itself,
locking the Earth in an undying Hell that Cappadocius
believes is Heaven. They challenge the characters to go to
Cappadocius and learn for themselves.

Introduction


Now that the characters are vampires, they are grudg-
ingly admitted into the exclusive fraternity of Kindred,
and are welcomed by Japheth Cappadocius in his austere
monastery. Japheth freely confirms that his Sire plans to
ascend to godhood and create Heaven on Earth. He offers
the characters a role in that Heaven. The characters even
meet a disembodied astral projection of the Antediluvian.
The Founders warn them later that Giovanni wants to
bring death to all creatures on Earth.

Atthis point the characters have to decide which side
to take. In Act III, they must choose between Giovanni
and death in life, or Cappadocius and life beyond death:
destroy God or become God.

If the characters side with the Founders against the
conspirators, they must counterattack Claudius' group
during the attack on Japheth. In that case, Augustus takes
advantage of the confusion to diablerize Cappadocius. The
characters are to blame for the diablerie. If the characters
defend the Cappadocians from the Conspirators, their

Live-Action
This story is designed to work well asa live-action
game as well as a tabletop storytelling game. Some
adjustments must be made in the story for live-action
play, and those are spelled out in sidebars throughout
the text.

The most important change is in the number of
players. The game works best with 12 characters —
the number of "lambs" that Giovanni invites to the
slaughter (not counting Marianna, the Giovanni sac-
rifice), They should all be from different clans, with no
character selecting a Giovanni. However, the game
can work with even more players. Just assume that
Claudius was being generous, and gave more than one
"lamb" to some of his fellow conspirators.

12

actions give away the Antediluvian. If they side with
Giovanni, they take part in the raid on the Cappadocian
monastery, and are directly responsible for abetting the
horror of diablerie on an Antediluvian.

Cappadocius will die, either as a result of the charac-
ters' actions or in spite of them. But his death is not like
that of Saulot at the hands of the Tremere. Saulot died in
a state of tranquility, and found a transcendent peace.
Cappadocius does not.

After the climactic battle comes the painful
dénouement, in which the characters learn that they
caused the diablerie of Cappadocius. The players don't
know that they cannot avoid this outcome, and the Story-
teller must keep this secret throughout the game — longer
ifshe intends to run the following chapters of the Giovanni
Chronicles to maximum effect. Good roleplayers could
still convincingly have their characters act on terror and
guilt if they know the truth, but why not let them put their
roleplaying skills to better use?

What the characters also do not know in advance is
that a Maelstrom occurs at the time of Cappadocius'
termination, and whisks his soul away. If the characters
take advantage of every resource, they can prevent Augustus
Giovanni from gaining control of the soul, making him an
incomplete Antediluvian.

After the death of Cappadocius at the hands of the
Giovanni, the small cell of remaining Cappadocians go
underground to plot their revenge. They do not believe
that the rest of the vampires will help them exact justice,
and have little faith in the burgeoning Camarilla.

How to Use
This Book

The Last Supper starts with tight control over the
destinies of the player characters, and casts them in the role
of desperate victims in the hands of powerful, malevolent
creatures who trifle with lesser beings for their debauched
amusement. This provides some of the flavor of life for
most people during the Middle Ages, and gives both the
players and characters powerful motivations and strong
emotional involvement in the outcome.

The Storyteller needs to make sure Act | moves
quickly, because players grow restless during long stretches
of monologue. There is plenty of Storyteller information in
this s
improvise on the material, and allow the chai

ection, and it is comparatively easy to run. Feel free to

cters lots of

room toact up, mouth off and be provocative to their hosts.
And feel free to let them fa
actions, as their vampiric hosts knock them out or Domi-
ampires hold all the

e the consequences of their

nate them to restore decorum. The

power, and can do as they please.

In Act II, the characters get a taste of freedom, but are
pulled between all the major power groups: pawns in a
larger game. Nonetheless, they have a chance to make
their own way in the world, including settling some scores.
The Storyteller must be careful that the game does not los
the characters must always have a
sense of where they can go next. This is seldom a problem
with experienced roleplayers, but novices may need prod-
ding. Keep the help minimal and the hints subtle. This
section is more challenging for the Storyteller, since itadds
more opportunity for player choices. It is important to keep
thinking one step ahead of the players here.

momentum here

The Last Supper

i
{

freedom. There is no single scripted path and predeter-
mined ending for this story. Rather, the players and
Storyteller must find their way through together. The
major possibilities are spelled out, along with some alter-
nate choices. This calls for maximum Storyteller flexibility,
and challenges your creative resources. If done properly,
though, the game is completely wound up and ready to spin
on its own. When this goes right, the Storyteller can sit
back and watch the game run itself.

A good game is skillful blend of the tactical and the
interpersonal, combining creative use of Attributes and
Disciplines with imaginative characterizations and inter-

actions. Some games tip too far to one side or another: little
more than a slugfest, or a meandering session of improvi-
sational theatre where little gets accomplished. Neither
style is wrong, but a blend of both tends to make fora more
satisfying experience.

Motivations of the
Main Antagonists

Acting as Storyteller for a preprogrammed game in
which players are kept to a single plot track is relatively

simple, since the characters simply fail or die when they
leave the sanctioned path. But in the Giovanni Chronicles,
in which the players decide the direction of the story and

can navigate through a multitude of plot twists and turns,
the Storyteller's job is considerably more complex. You
must keep a firm grasp on the game environment while
allowing players to take the plot in a
The best way to do this is to have your Storytelling style

iety of directions.

become less plot driven, and more character driven.
Since you don't know ahead of time which direction
the players
have the characters you play react to just about anything
By carefully considering the motivations of the major
antagonists, you will be able to quickly ascertain their

reactions to a rapidly changing set of circumstances. Even

characters will take, you must be prepared to

if the precise reaction is not immediately obvious, a range

of options will suggest themselves, all fitting a character's

central motivation. The more the Storyteller takes into

account the complex urges that impel these powerful
characters, the more she can allow the players to influence
the direction of the story.

Cappadocius

Cappadocius the Antediluvian is striving to to rise
above his vampiric status and grow to a state fat beyond
human and Kindred. In the apocalyptic fervor of the day,
he passionately believes that he can literally consume
God, and thereby become God. He seeks nothing less
These beliefs are not simply the crackpot ravings of a
power-mad undead. They are rooted in wisdom he has
gained from secret research and private meditation

Introduction


Other Antagonists

This book provides the Traits for most of the
characters the Storyteller will have to play. Others
should be taken from the Vampire rulebook, gener-
ally by using the Traits given for a police officer. Just
turn Firearms into Melee and Drive into Ride.

In recent centuries, the Antediluvian has infiltrated
the Holy Mother Church and gained unprecedented ac-
cess to the forbidden texts hidden within the Vatican's
vaults. While searching for the hidden lore of Caine, his
legion of scholars discovered a treasure trove of suppressed
wisdom from other faiths. Separate Zoroastrian and Gnos-
tic texts confirmed wisdom embedded within the Christian
faith: that consuming the "body" of God literally trans-
forms one into divinity

The Giovanni

Claudius Giovanni is out for personal power for his
family. He is willing to betray all his allies to get it, starting
with his new "brother," Japheth Cappadocius, his grandsire
Cappadocius, and his allies in the Conspiracy of Isaac. He
makes very reasonable-sounding appeals to the characters
about the dangers of Cappadocius' research

Augustus Giovanni seeks to destroy the wall between
the worlds of the living and the dead, to gain power over
both. He will stop at nothing to gain this prize.

The Founders

In the ages when vampires were strong and humanity
weak, the clans engaged in open warfare against one
another for rule over the Earth. But as humanity gained
power and numbers, the Kindred found themselves on the
losing end of many battles. Though they still despised one
another and nursed centuries-old wounds, they sought to
band together in a common need and against a common
enemy. This was the foundation of what was to become the
Camarilla,

Durga Syn

The Gypsy is the X-factor in this drama. Since she

makes decisions based on strange portents, her actions are
usually unpredictable. She is seeking to protect humanity,
however

The Last Supper

Advanced Roleplaying

The cycle of the Giovanni Chronicles has several
features unique to storytelling games. The characters may
choose sides in the war between the Giovanni and the
Cappadocians. Their allegiance is not predetermined by
thestory, but may be freely chosen in each of the books that
make up the cycle. They can change allegiances from one
book to the next. (Doing so successfully is critical to the
optimal resolution of the War of the Ages.)

As a result, the characters' actions can have a pro-
found impact on the course of this story and the history of
your World of Darkness. The chronicle adapts itself to fit
their choices.

To make this work, it is best if the players do not know
that their characters have a free choice in making their
allegiances. They can then make decisions from a more
"pure" set of role-playing referents. Otherwise, the players
may feel inclined to exploit their unique position in a way
that their characters normally would not. While it will not
tuin the game, this risks tainting the characters' motiva-
tions with the players' knowledge.

The downside to this is that the players may assume
that their characters' course of action is prescribed. This
could cause them to spend time and effort searching for a
path that does not exist instead of blazing a new trail
through uncharted, virgin territory.

This is a fine line which Storyteller and players must
walk together for a successful game.

Theme

The Last Supper is a complex story, and yet it is only
the beginning of a vast chronicle spanning centuries and
reaching pivotal events in Kindred annals. Throughout
the Giovanni Chronicles the characters must make impor-
tant choices, creatinge new situations that require more
choices, and so on down through time. The characters
must learn to understand the ramifications of their actions
within the sweeping flow of history. Every person has a
unique part to play, for if we all play the same notes there
can be no music.

Why Black Dog?

Black Dog Games is dedicated to going beyond
the "bleeding edge" in roleplaying game design

Although to some a "mature" label means smut and
gore, for the Giovanni Chronicles, this means ad-
vanced game play that cannot be appreciated or
performed by immature players. [t means more player
options and new tools for experienced Storytellers,
with no artificial limits or constraints on ide
Players should be encouraged to delve deeply into
their characters' minds
with them as strongly as any method actor. Players

and personas, and identify

who cannot handle this intense level of character-
ization should not play this game.

The themes of The Last Supper are personal respon-
sibility and the need to do what is necessary, not always
what is convenient. If we do not move against the tide, we
are swallowed up in it. It is no simple matter, yet in order
for change and renewal to continue, some individuals must
be willing to move against the prevailing current. Other-
wise, stultification and decay set in, and entropy wins the
day. Those who turn against the tide and make their own
way stand out to each other, and to history.

Mood

The mood of The Last Supper is one of grandeur and
decay. The story should evoke a number of operatic, even
religious emotions. Awe, wonder, despair, corruption and
more are all lurking within The Last Supper.

Players should feel as if they are drawn into a perverse
passion play, one in which they take on key roles, but they
do not know whether they are the heroes or the villains of
the piece. They should be aware that their characters are
taking part in an historical drama, one which may affect
Kindred and kine alike. Yet their characters, caught up in
the moment, are only as aware as any other person of their
potential for greatness or ignominy.

Introduction



Acté-l: >
The Art of ~
Fine Dining

There's no way to describe how you feel

When you're talking to your meal!

— Stephen Sondheim, "Hello, Little Girl"

In this first of three Acts, the characters meet one
another and visit the Giovanni manse. Their delightful time
turns ugly as their initially genteel and polite hosts quickly
turn vicious. After harrowing cocktail conversation, they sit
down to dinner and hear their deaths described in lurid detail
by their hosts, who are conspirators against the rest of the
vampires. The characters are saved from a grisly fate by a very
timely invasion by the Founders, but are Embraced and
ordered to fight while the xonspirators escape.

Scene I:
Inthe Company
of Strangers

To eat is to appropriate by destruction

— Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness

The Gathering

The Common Room

A toaring hearth fire banishes the night's chill and
gloom from the spacious common room in the Red Lamb
Innin the Carpathian wilderness near the Giovanni Manse.
Each of the guests of Lord Giovanni is announced as he

arrives. The only other people at the inn are the innkeeper
and his servants, a young soldier, an old beggar woman and
a monk.

The adventure begins with the characters arriving late
on the night of April 3. Let the players describe their
characters to one another, and engage in some free-form
storytelling. Experienced players will jump right in and
define their characters in conversation. Less experienced
players may need encouragement.

This scene is an entirely gratuitous bit of roleplaying
designed to establish the scene, bond the characters and
introduce a few contacts. It will also give the characters a
sense of the nearby land so that when they flee the
Giovanni manse they will know where the inn is and not
feel entirely isolated. This is the first meeting of a group
that will be together throughout history, so give them a
chance to get to know another.

There are 13 guests in all: the players' characters and
enough Storyteller-run characters to round out the rest of
the baker's dozen. If you wish, you may have the players'
characters arrive first and have time to get to know one
another before the rest show up. Since these other charac
ters will not survive the dinner party and are far less
important to the story, you do not need to have to spenda
lot of time characterizing them, unless you wish to elicit
maximum horror and sense of loss when they die. The only
one important to the ongoing story is Marianna, the
sacrifice for Lord Giovanni.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


The Innkeeper

The innkeeper, Sigismund, gets the conversation roll
ing by asking questions about the characters' homes, their
professions, their recent pilgrimages, etc., as he serves
them.

He brings them food, saying, "Beggin' yer forgiveness
for this simple stew. It's nothin' like what Lord Giovanni
serves, ye lucky devils. But it will fill ye until tomorrow."

If asked about Giovanni, Sigismund says, "Ar, that
Lord Giovanni. Tch tch. I wouldn't say a word against him
But he's an odd one." If a character spends a lot of time
winning his trust, Sigismund will add, "I don't want to
speak ill of Lord Giovanni, but since he's come here, the
wasting sickness has come with him. Some in these partsdo
say it's the evil eye. Him andall his foreign friends. He even
has Turks to visit."

The Soldier

The youngsoldier, Paul, is an earnest young man eager
to tell his story to any who will listen. He is fresh from
crusader Janos Hunyady's battles against the Turks, where
he was crippled by a deep wound in the leg. He has heard
that Lord Giovanni is hiring a large number of household
soldiers to defend his manse. Houschold defense is one of
the few jobs a partly crippled soldier can perform, so he is
eager to be accepted into the ranks of Lord Giovanni's
guard.

Paul humbly entreats the characters to put in a good
word for him with Lord Giovanni, so that he may get the
job and secure his future. "I have no learning, nor skills at
farming, nor a trade. | know no other life than soldiering,
and I cannot travel on long marches. | am told Lord
Giovanni is hiring many men. If he will not have me, |
know not where to turn."

Paul's part in the story is to get hired by Giovanni,
preferably with the characters' help, and then join with
them or be horribly killed by the Founders. The cycle of
culpability and direct reward and punishment for actions
begins early.

The Monk

Brother Clement is a middle-aged man with a wild
mane of hair and rough robe. He individually approaches

each of the 13 guests, starting with any holy person in the
group. He spits on the floor every time he, or anyone else,
mentions Giovanni's name

"Listen to me, brother/sister. An evil has entered
Christendom from the lands to the south. An ill wind from
the land of the heathen. Know ye the wind | mean?

"It is the wind of the devil. Tell me. What know ye of
your host?"

Whatever the character says, Clement will dismiss it

The Last Supper


"Tomorrow ye enter into the abode of evil! Shun it!
Reject it! Cz
is the very Devil incarnate!"

ist it out! Go ye not! Claudius Giovanni (spit)

The characters may well choose to have nothing to do
with Brother Clement. If they do talk to him, though, and
ask him for specifics, he weaves a wild tale of diabolical
sacrifices in the Giovanni manor where the Devil is raised

byamockery of the Last Supper. He's completely wrong on
most details except for the Last Supper reference.

If any character actually decides not to go to the
manor, Brother Clement will be proud and congratulate
her. But if she refuses to board the coach the next day,
Lothar will have her kidnapped and secretly brought to the
manse as soon as the coach leaves.

Brother Clement's part in the story is to act as a
portent of doom, revealing the evil in the manse. He later
attacks the characters in the name of divine retribution.

The Old Woman

The old woman sits by herself in a dark corner of the
inn, with a small begging cup on the table. She does not
trouble the characters, but watches them all evening. If the
characters give her money, she will thank them and offer
them fresh-picked wildflowers in return. If asked, she says
her name is Synovea, and adds that her home was burned
and her village destroyed in the Turkish-Christian fight-
ing. Sigismund gives her Christian charity in the form of a
small cup of soup anda warm place tosleep, but she may not
beg in the inn and must let others have the places near the
fire. He is adamant that she not be allowed to sit near the
fire. "I'll have every beggar and refugee this side of Pales-
tine upon me head," he'll complain.

yn, apowerful Ravnos.
She is here to spy on Lothar and the sacrifices, and learn
more about the terrors to come. She has Dominated
Sigismund to make sure he keeps her far from the hearth
fire.

Lothar Enters

Before the characters finish the food, they are visited

The old woman isreally Durge

by Lothar, Giovanni's haughty steward. He is accompa-
nied by Roderigo, the head coachman, and two armed
soldiers wearing the Giovanni crest.

Lothar is a slightly built, well-dressed man whose
aristocratic features are marred by a deep scar that runs
down the right side of his face from his hairline to his chin.
Roderigo is a tall, ruddy

faced young man who wears
coachman's leathers and a large wooden cross around his
neck.

Lothar introduces himself. "I am Sir Lothar, steward
to Lord Giovanni. I am he who selected the 13 of you from
es of folk to meet the Lord. This
chman, whose duty it is to bring
you to the Lord's manse on the morrow."

among all the great mas:

is Roderigo. He is the coa

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


He then walks over to each character and welcomes
her. "Welcome to Lord Giovanni's holdings. | am pleased
you have graced us with your company. I hope your stay is
an agreeable and memorable one."

Ashe says this, Lothar takes each character's hand and
holds it for entirely too long to be appropriate, stroking it
and caressing it. As he speaks, he lifts each hand to his
nose, almost as if sniffing for something. He is — blood
quality. He is ensuring that each person's blood is still as
good as it was the last time he scented it. Act out this bit
with relish, taking each player's hand in turn and lingering
over it, sometimes licking a palm, and inhaling deep wafts.
That will intensify Lothar's creepiness, and the unsettling
nature of the scene.

When hefinishes the greetings, Lothar says, "Itis good
that you are all assembled. Our lord is eagerly anticipating
the joy of serving you tomorrow. You are most fortunate to
have captured his attention. This is a day your loved ones
will long remember." If asked why even serfs have been
invited, he angrily snaps: "Are you questioning the wisdom
of your betters?" He then recovers his composure, saying,
"Even members of the lower orders may find favor with the
lord of the manse."

Have the characters make Perception + Awareness
rolls (difficulty 6) or make the rolls in secret for them. Ifany
character scores three successes, he remembers seeing
Lothar in his village once before. On four or more suc-
cesses, he recalls Lothar inquiring about him. If questioned,

Lothar will acknowledge that he did visit the characte:
village to find him, but will not reveal why he chose the
character. The most he'll say is a wicked "Because you are
a being of rare taste. You have savory inner qualities of
which you know nothing."

Lothar will continue this pattern, answering ques-
tions with polite non-answers and occasional slips of
viciousness. If pressed for real answers, he says, "Kindly
direct any further questions to my master at dinner. He will

entertain your curiosity with far more patience than I can."

Paul's Hiring
The che
behalf, which Lothar tries to brush off. If the
agrees torecommend the young man to Claudius Giovanni,

cters may intercede at this point on Paul's

persist, he

and takes Paul with him when he leaves that evening. Paul
collects a small bundle of his worldly goods and profusely
thanks the characters who helped him before he leaves.
Paul will remind the characters if they forget to ask. If
the characters do not bother to help him, or only put forth
a half-hearted effort, the soldier is not hired at this time.
Instead, he sits alone, dejected, as he watches the upper-crust
revelers enjoy themselves. He shakes his head at the charac-
ters' recalcitrance, and says, "I have seen cruel Turks impale

aman from arse to mouth for no reason but to affright their
foes, but never have I seen cruelty as senseless as this." He

will later apply for the position without their interce:

The Last Supper


Roderigo

Roderigo keeps to himself, but if approached is affable
and charming. He knows the fate of the characters and pities
them. Roderigo would like to see them survive, but as a secret
ally of the Founders, he will do nothing to help — for now.
Ifany character makes an effort to strike up a friendship with
him, or does anything to prove herself noble and trustworthy,
ers' behalf
after the Founders have attacked and subdued the party.

it will motivate him to intervene on the charac

The Accusation

When Lothar enters the room, Brother Clement visibly
seethes with anger. Part way through the scene, he has had
Evil! Evil
incarnate! Lothar is but a toady and bootlick to the Devil,

enough. He stands up on his bench and shouts:

Claudius Giovanni!" He spits. "I warn you good people! Your

very souls are in danger! Flee this accursed place!"

owls.

Lothar glares at the monk. "Get out!" he s
"Your Hell-born wizardry cannot compel a man of God!"
Clement shouts back. "I expose your evil to all the world!"
Lothar snorts derisively, and mutters, "I need no Hhell-
born wizardry, fool." He motions to his guards, who grab the
monk and wrestle him to the ground. They drag him
kicking, screaming and biting from the common room.
Should the characters intercede on the monk's behalf,
Lothar will rage against them for being fools. A character
who insists that the monk not be manhandled will be

ned that such attitudes will cause her to lose her
invitation. If she persists, Lothar tells her she is no longer
invited to the manse and will be sent home first thing in the
morning. Then, as soon as that character is alone, Lothar

w:

has her kidnapped and dragged unconscious to the manor.
She will revive facedown at the dinner table in Scene 3

The soldiers hog-tie and gag Clement, and leave him
in the barn. Lothar demands an apology from the inn-
keeper, who does so profusely. If the characters complain,
Lothar scowls and says, "Lord Giovanni is master in these
lands. The monk has transgressed. Only his position in the
holy orders keeps him from the lash." If untied, Clement
will run back into the inn, and begin his tirade again.
Lothar will again have him tied and ejected.

This incident is a source of potential conflict between
the characters and their host.

Wrapping up Scene |

Once the players have had a chance to get to know one
another and make any plans they wish, finish the scene with
a toast by Lothar. "I drink to all of you: some of the finest
specimens it has ever been my pleasure to find. To your
robust good health." He drains his glass and says, "Be ready
for the coach tomorrow afternoon. Roderigo will transport
you. If you need anything, inform him." He departs.

Unless a player has something else she wants to do or
say, go on to Scene 2.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


Escaping

Ifany of the characters try to escape from the inn
or spy on Giovanni's manse, Lothar will hunt them
down and knock them out, He will have them bound
and brought to the manse, where they will not
recover consciousness until dinnertime the next
night. If they try to escape or spy during the day, a
band of Giovanni ghoul soldiers will capture them

Live-Action Notes:

This scene works very well in live-action. Make a big
show of each character's introduction, with the Storyteller
playing the coachman and announcing each in a loud
voice. This helps the players learn the characters' names

and personalities quickly. The Storyteller playing Lothar
needs to make his character decidedly unlikable; Roderigo
must be distant but likable; and the person playing
Sigismund must be friendly, though a little slow. Paul,
Brother Clement and the old woman can be set at different

stations, where the guests can go to talk to them

Antagonists
Lothar

Faithful steward to Claudius Giovanni, Lothar is a
supercilious ghoul who holds all of humanity in contempt
He treats his fellow mortals with utter disdain, and likens
dealing with them to carrying on a conversation with swine.
Lothar has some Auspex and can distinguish the quality and
flavors of human blood with just a single sniff, just as a
connoisseur of fine vintages can distinguish much in the
bouquet of wine. He travels extensively to find the finest
blood for his master, and he was the one who originally
sniffed out the player characters as having the very best
Born: 1278 A.D.

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intrigue 2, Scroung:
ing 5

Skills: Debate 1, Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Ride 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Heraldry 4, History 2, Kindred Lore 2, Oc-
cult 3, Theology 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 7

Image: A slightly built, well-dressed man with a deep scar
from his hairline to his chin

The Last Supper

Roleplaying Hints: You are arrogant to those beneath you,
and beneath your master's station. However, you treat your
master and those of higher rank than yourself with exquis-
itely precise respectfulness. Your face often betrays your
cruelty, and a sneer is seldom far from your lips.

Roderigo

Coachman to Claudius Giovanni, who made the
young Italian a ghoul. Roderigo has been bribed by the
Founders into serving them, and, unbeknownst to Claudius,
has been feeding information on the conspiracy to them
while he feeds off the blood of the Giovanni.
Born: 1378 A.D.
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Soci isma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intrigue 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Training 3, Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Ride 4,
Stealth 3
Knowledges: Heraldry 2, Kindred Lore 2, Occult 2, The-
ology 3
Disciplines: Potence 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 8
Image: A tall, ruddy-faced young man wearing coachman's
leathers and a large wooden cross around his neck.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a gentle man, one who finds
horses far more honorable souls than most men. You respect
those few people who show compassion and concern for
others, and you attempt to extend kindness to others as well.

Durga Syn (Synovea)

She knows that Cappadocius is planning his apotheo-
sis, and that Claudius plots diablerie against Cappadocius
togain necromantic power. She does not know which fate
would be worse, but is closely monitoring the situation.

She was born Synovea, but took the name Durga Syn
when her Embrace turned her into an ugly hag. She has
sworn toreclaim her birth name ifshe overcomes the curse,
but sometimes uses it as an alias.

Clan: Ravnos

Generation: 5th

Embraced: 932 (born 857)

Apparent Age: Mid-70s

Physi
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Fortune Telling 4,
Instruction 3, Leadership 3, Sense Deception 5, Subterfuge 4

Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Skills: Cooking 3, Debate 4, Disguise 3, Herbalism 6, Lip
Reading 3, Meditation 3, Melee 2, Ride 2, Sleight of Hand 7,
Stealth 6

Knowledges: Astrology 4, Faerie Lore 5, Gypsy Lore 5,
Kindred Lore 6, Lupine Lore 4, Naturalist 3, Spirit Lore 4
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Chimerstry 5, Domi-
nate 3, Fortitude 2, Necromancy 2, Obfuscate 4, Presence 2,
Thaumaturgy 6 (Weather Control 5, Lure of Flames 3,
Elemental Mastery 2)

Backgrounds: Age 3, Allies 6, Contacts 5, Elder Status 3,
Influence 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 9

Image: A twisted, bent old woman with thin hair and
pinched features.

Roleplaying Hints: You usually pretend that you are senile,
perhaps even doddering, and your appearance often lulls even
those who should know better into believing that this is true.
Whenever you choose,though, you speak brilliantly. You are
always mysterious, and no one is ever certain where they stand
with you. You still occasionally use archaic language when
you speak, perhaps because you long for days of yore.
Notes: See Who's Who Among Vampires: Children of
the Inquisition for more information on Durga Syn.

Paul
The crippled soldier is exactly what he says he is.

Born: 1421
Apparent Age: Early 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 1
Skills: Melee 2, Ride 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Politics 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 3
Image: A young man just beginning to show the worry
plaguing his life.
Roleplaying Hints: You live to serve, and only friendships
mean more to you than service.

Sigismund and Brother Clement

These characters have little direct influence on the
story and their physical characteristics are not important.
Sigismund is a Lumpenprole innkeeper with a good heart
anda deep fear and mistrust of Lord Giovanni. His trustcan
be won with persistence. Brother Clement should be
considered your normal, run-of-the-mill fanatic.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining

Scene 2:
Cocktail
Conversation

One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not
dined well
— Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own

The Coach Trip

The next day the guests assemble, and in the early
afternoon, Roderigo and an assistant come to the Red
Lamb Inn to transport all 13 guests to the Giovanni manse
in two crowded coaches. The c
gilded trim, but the expensive look is marred by heavy

‘arriages are ornate, with

shutters fastened over the windows. "For protection incase
of brigand attack," the coachman explains, as he unbolts
and forces open the shutters to let in light and air.

Once the group is loaded into the coaches, he sayss "I
will take great pains to ensure that the journey is as
comfortable as possible." True to his word, Roderigo care-
fully sees to their comfort during the long ride, slowing the
carriage over rough patches of road.

During the trip, a Wits + Awareness roll (difficulty 7)

reveals three crucified bodies in the woods. If the charac-

ters inquire about it, Roderigo says, "Lord Giovanni is a
stern master." If they persist, he adds, "Those people
plotted against Lord Giovanni. Probably tried to avoid
paying their rents."

After three hours, they arrive at the Giovanni hold-
ings. It is twilight, just before sunset.

Casa Giovanni

The characters arrive at Lord Giovanni's manse just as
the last blaze of sunlight fades into flickering embers. It is
a massive, craggy manor house with an overgrown garden
to the right and a graveyard to the left. The house is well
fortified, with a single stout door and very few narrow
windows, all protected by inner shutters. Four lightly
armed sentries stand guard on the parapets. They wave to
the coaches as they rumble up

ive oaken door, and Roderigo
leads the 13 guests into the forbidding manor. They enter

A soldier opens the nr

along, narrow hallway, lit by tapers encased in strong, iron,
cagelike housings. The candles provide only very dim light,
andc

t long, flickering shadows upon walls and faces. The
soldier remains at his post and slams the door shut, closing
Roderigo and the characters in with the gloom.

As the guests move down the darkened hall, they see
that the right and left walls are fitted with arrow slots
designed to catch invaders ina deadly crossfire. Evil gargoyle

line the walls, leering stone-faced at the guests; they

The Last Supper


appear to twitch ever soslightly in the flickering candlelight.
(Storyteller note: these gargoyles are not supernatural, they
are just carved stone. But why let the players know that?)
At the end of the long hallway, the guests find them-
selves facing another stout door. Roderigo pauses at the
door, then raps loudly upon it. The door does not open.
There is silence in the stale air of the shadowy hall.
Roderigo raps again. Still no response. At this point the
Storyteller may ask what the characters do. Although it is
likely they will
build suspense and heighten the sense of being trapped in

and can) do nothing but wait, asking will

adark and claustrophobic space.

After several minutes, the door creaks open as it is
unlocked by a second soldier, accompanied by Lothar. The
two men are standing in a large reception hall, also dimly
lit by tapers, and furnished with oddly delicate furniture.

Two successes on an Intelligence + Ettiquette roll (diffi-

culty 6) reveal that it is of Italian design. Three successes

hion in Venice.

pinpoint it asa style that is the height of f

Lothar glares at Roderigo and, without a word of
greeting, sternly says, "You are early."

Roderigo doffs his hat, and says "A thousand pardons,
Steward Lothar."

Lothar strikes Roderigo across the face with a riding
crop. It draws blood, which Roderigo wipes from his face.
"Bear keenly in mind the soutce of that blood," Lothar snaps.

Itis possible that one of the characters will stick up for
Roderigo against this appalling treatment. If so, Roderigo

will be even more favorably disposed toward him and all
the characters in general. Any intercession will not change
Lothar's mind, however. He will scowl at the character for
the rest of the scene, and take great delight in his torment
during the upcoming scene.

"Now enter," Lothar says, gesturing to Roderigo and
the guests. Once they are in the room, Lothar stops
Roderigo. "Aspunishment, you will not partake of tonight's
bounty. You will eat nothing but scraps. Now go," Lothar
commands, pointing his blood-spattered riding crop to-
ward the door. Roderigo turns and walks back down the
hallway. The soldier then slams and locks the inner door.

Lothar stares after Roderigo for a moment and then
turns to the gue
manse. I have preparations to finish. Wait here." He

ays, "Welcome to Lord Giovanni's

s and

departs, leaving the 13 guests with the soldier

The characters are on their own for a few minutes, but
are not allowed to really do anything. They are unable to
leave the room, and stand in awkward silence. If they try to
leave, the soldier will demand they return. If one success
fully sneaks off, he will be caught by one of the ghouls,
hogtied, and not seen again until the dinner sequence. It
should be made clear to the players that the guests are
completely locked in. If the characters peer into the
gloomy room, they can make out two more soldiers armed
with crossbows standing on an upper balcony. This builds
even more suspense and dread.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


The Hosts

Five minutes later Lothar returns, smiling broadly.
"Come with me. I shall introduce you to your hosts." He
leads the guests through the house. Walking through
sev

| more elegantly furnished rooms staffed with sol-

diers, the characters hear music ahead.
Lothar opens two ornate doors to a great dining hall,

also dimly lit by a few ensconced tapers. Inside,

13 people
sit around a large table, with an empty chair next to each

Music

The Last Supper features two types of music.
Giovanni has musicians Dominated into playing music
of the Italian Renaissance on the most up-to-date
instruments. If you wish enhance the mood of the
kground,
Since recordings of authentic 15th-century chamber

dinner party, you can play this in the

music are often hard to find, you can get the same
effect by playing anything by Montaverdior Palestrina.
Cappadocius has his followers sing unaccompanied
Gregorian chants. The Storyteller may wish to begin
playing chants to set the mood. One recent favorite
called "Chant: The Benedictine Monks of Santo
Domingo de Silos" appeared on pop charts and
should therefore be very easy to find.

They are a strange collection of men and women: well-

dressed and slovenly, highly attractive and appallingly
ugly, locals and foreigners alike. A short, paunchy, finely
dressed man sitsat the head of the table. Five servants (two
butlers and three maids) stand motionless against the far
wall.

Lothar doffs his hat and bows low before the assembled
hosts, saying, "Lord Giovanni, lords and ladies, it is with

surpassing pride that I present to you the fruits of my long

search. Here are 13 of the purest samples in the land!"

The man at the head of the table rises. "Dear friends,
Tam Claudius Giovanni. Welcome tolabellacasa Giovanni!
You are my guests, and while you are here, my home is your
home. Come, come! Join us."

Asthe characters step forward, the servants offer them

glasses of wine. Giovanni says, "Let us toast the most
memorable meal of your lives." As the characters lift their
goblets, he continues: "Here's to the finer things in life

After the characters drink, Giovanni introduces the
other 12 nobles. (Use the handy reference list provided,
which summarizes each conspirator's name and appear
ance. Do not mention their clans.) The hosts rise and
advance to greet their guests.

"We would know you better. Conversation is like fine
wine. It enhances the appetite. Let us converse while we
anticipate our dinner," Giovanni says.

The Last Supper


The Conspirators

Claudius Giovanni: Short, stout man with el-
egantly tailored clothes and skull pendant. Giovanni.
Marchettus the Bold: Tall, broad-shouldered man
with a thick red beard and battered but well-oiled
leather armor. Brujah.
Lady Dimitra:
eling cloak and man's breeches. Gangrel.

all, sinewy woman wea

ing a trav-

Matron Violeta: Hideous woman, partly hidden
undera thick gray leper's cloak and hood, wearing a full
face mask with ragged eye-holes and a smelly wet spot in
front of her mouth. Leprous scabs can be seen around
her eyes. Nosferatu.

Lady Theophana: Slender, tall woman-child, about
16 years old, with waist-length blonde hair and torn,
soiled, silken gown. Decayed floral arrangement in her

hair. Malkavian.

Sire Wenceslas: Stern-faced old man dressed in

royal purple tunic, leggings and feathered cap. Dripping
with elegant, expensive jewelry. Toreador

Lord Casmir: Portly man with a large white beard,
wearing black robe with silver trim. Tremere

Lady Jadviga Almanov: Heavyset woman with
dark red hair and a completely black dress. Ventrue

Lord Leopold Valdemar: Bald middle-aged man
dressed like a prosperous merchant in brocaded velvet.
Lasombra.

Lord Mieczyslav (pronounced MEE-cha-slav):
Handsome young man wearing a simple black monk's
robe with white surplice. Tzimisce

Lord Bajazet Al-Nasir: Dark-skinned man with
angular, chiseled features, in fine, silk Turkish robes,
Assamite.

Lady Amisa: Swarthy woman draped in silks of
foreign design and an elaborate gold headpiece. Fol
lower of Set.

Gabrin: Short young man dressed as a Gypsy, with
lots of flashy gold jewelry and a coarse tunic and leg-
gings. Ravnos.


Predators and prey may now mingle and talk. These
conversations can overlap, with the Storyteller switching
between the Kindred he is playing. This scene works
particularly well in live-action, because the Storyteller
does not have to switch roles and the conversations can
join one another

The Harrowing

The vampires are interested in studying the guests,
and play sadistic parlor games with them. They approach
hungrily, like Casanovas relishing a calculated seduction
The Kindred casually talk to their prey, tantalizing them-
selves and building their anticipation, bringing their

appetites toa peak. The idea is that the longer they restrain

themselves, the greater their pleasure will be upon finally
feasting,

The hosts quickly choose favorites — guests for whose
blood they most hunger. Their decision is not based on
actual blood taste, of which they have no evidence, but

rather on personality and behavior. So the Kindred try to

find out all they can about their prey, in a corrupt social
ritual that perversely combines measures of flirtation,

cocktail conversation and wine tasting.

As the vampires begin to pair up with their prey, they
interact with them based on mutual interest. It is likely
that the characters have some relation to the clan chosen
by their player, but this is not necessary. The vampire of the

appropriate clan will seek them out all the same. Note that
the elders are not seeking compatible humans as potential
progeny, but in hopes that the blood of a similar person will
taste sweeter.

The vignettes that follow describe the particulars of
the harrowing used by each vampire to torment her prey
They may be played out one by one with all the players
present, but for additional mystery and suspense, the Sto-
ryteller may wish to sequester each player , so no one has
an inkling of what's in store

Each vignette ends when dinner is ready. Run them in
turn, but do not resolve them all are completed. Leave each
player in suspense about the final outcome while you run

the next. After all have been resolved, a servant comes to

collect each vampire and guest for dinner
For best results, plan the vignettes ahead of time and
tailor

h vignette to each character. The better you plan,

the more fl

ble you can be with player input, and the

more fun you can have in each vignette.

Optional vignettes detail the efforts of some vampires
to compete for the attention of the same characters. Some
get greedy and seek to sample the merchandise ahead of
time. You can portion out these additional vignettes as you
see fit to add color to the encounters.

If any character tries to stop the harrowing or com-
plains to Lord Giovanni, the necromancer just laughs and

tells her to behave herself. This gives the characters a taste

of the viciousness to come.

|
;
!
|

The Last Supper


Clan Vignettes

Use the vignettes that correspond to the clans of the
characters and ignore the rest. Non-player characters will

return to the dinner table shaken and upset at the end of
the scene.

Brujah: Marchettus the Bold

At the start of the conversation, Marchettus seeks to
determine if the character has the heart of a revolutionary.
"{ think all kings need to be fed the entrails of their
ministers and the testicles of their heirs, and then have

their hearts cut out. They are canker sores on the arse of the
world, don't you think?" If the character disagrees,
Marchettus launches into a long diatribe likening kings to
parasites. If the character shows any sign of sympathy,
Marchettus engages him in conversation about rebellion
and techniques for the destruction of the established order.
Note that this sort of conversation is blasphemous to the
medieval mind: though many people held such attitudes,
it is an act of breathtaking heresy to freely voice them,
especially in the company of nobles. You may wish to
remind the player of this.

In the midst of the conversation, Marchettus looks
around the room and scowls, saying, "Look at this pack of
false-hearted fops! Their pretension and insincerity leave
afoulstench that lingers in the room like flatus. Let's inflict

some damage on this gaudy, gilded trash." His eyes twinkle
with wicked intent as he leads the character off to other
rooms to smash delicate vases, carve rude sayings into
furniture, etc.

If the character refuses to vandalize the place,
Marchettus taunts him: "Coward. Don't you detest these
elitist swine? Don't you think they deserve it?" He is willing
to forestall this destruction for a good conversation about
rebellion, but ifthe character does not comply, Marchettus
will go off on his own. Before dinnei
approach the character and bring him to Lord Giovanni.
Marchettus accuses the character of vandalism and says "I

, the soldiers will

tried to stop him, but he was adamant."

Giovanni pretends to believe Marchettus, and says to
the character, "Why should [ not tear your heart out where
you stand and feast on your life's blood?" The character
must beg for his life. Regardless of what he says, though,
Giovanni declines to kill him. "I'll wait till after dinner to

decide," he says coldly.

If the character goes along with Marchettus, he must
make two standard Stealth suce
by the guards and getting caught; otherwise, the above
conversation with Giovanni will occur. If he's not caught,

es to avoid being heard

Marchettus begins to gain respect for him — but not
enough to keep from wanting to drink his blood

The harrowing ends when a servant walks in on them,
ignoring the destruction, and intones "Dinner is served."

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


Gangrel: Lady Dimitra

At the start of the conversation, the Gangrel tries to
find out if the character loves the outdoors. "Nothing do I
love more than galloping through a wood in full pursuit of
game. Do you like hunting? Do you savor the chase and the
kill?" If the character shows any interest, she talks about
the joys of the rugged, outdoor life.

Partway through the conversation, Lady Dimitra says,
"These narrow walls and cramped ceilings are poor sur-
roundings after the endless expanse of the wilds. What say
you we climb the roof of this place and howl at the moon?"

rsand

Ifthe character refuses, Lady Dimit

yverpow
muffles her, then carries her swiftly to the roof. There the

Gangrel chases the character over the sloping roofs of the

manse, growling and laughing. If the character does not try
to evade, Lady Dimitra will cuff her until she runs. The
more the character tries to flee, the happier the Gangrel is,
and the less damage she will inflict.

Regardless, Lady Dimitra will not cause serious harm.
She enjoys watching the character's misery. If necessary,

she will move quickly to prevent the character from

plummeting to her death. Ifthe character enjoys the chase,
the Gangrel will begin to have respect for her. Not enough

to resist draining her blood later, but enough to begin to
trust her in Act II.

The harrowing ends with a servant popping up froma

narrow window in front of the character, saying "Dinner is
served." Lady Dimitra says, "Come along," and leaps into
the window. If the character tries to escape the manse, the
Gangrel runs her down and drags her back inside.

Malkavian: Lady Theophana

Lady Theophana's actions depend on the Malkavian-
to-be character. Ifhe is described as already beingderanged,
Lady Theophana will draw him aside and attempcto trigger
the Derangement. For example, if the character has a
phobia, she will trigger the phobic reaction by creating a
it

frightenir ion. She will do the same with delusions,

split personalities or whatever the character suffers from.
Once the character's Derangement takes over, Lady
Theophana laughs hysterically until Giovanni's servants
come to collect them for dinner. The character must find
a way to pull himself back together before the meal,

If the character does not yet have a Derangement,
Lady Theophana will try to create one in him. She stares,
bug-eyed, into the character's eyes, saying, "You are a
ack-

hearted villain. I can see how you counterfeit to appear true

fraud, aren't you, my friend? You are an utterly false,

of heart, but you do not fool me." She then hits him with
her Dementation Discipline. The victim goes unconscious
and has nightmares of blood, death and an eternal agoniz-
ing afterlife, until he is awakened for dinner

The Last Supper


Nosferatu: Matron Violetta

The Nosferatu seeks out her quarry on the basis of
similar attitudes, and tries to find common ground with the
character by establishing whether she is a loner ot an
outcast. When she reaches the Nosferatu-to-be, she says,
"All these lovely people with their lovely perfumes and
lovely clothes are an abomination. Their prettiness is
wretched and ugly in my eyes. Wouldn't you agree?

"They're all in disguise, every one of them. None of
them are willing to appear as they really are. All of them
know that their true selves are horrors, but they will not
admit it."

If the character agrees, Matron Violetta leads her
away from the crowd to a side room. If not, she Dominates
the character into going. Either way, she continues the
conversation.

Once she has privacy, she says, "I would tear out my
eyes and peel off my skin to keep from looking like those
preening dandies. Wouldn't you?" The character will likely
decline. Matron Violetta remains undaunted, and presses
forward. "Beauty is a mask. A deadly mask. Your soul boils
with ugly sores and deep, festering wounds. Why hide them
from the world?"

She closes in and grips the character's face. "Don't
hide your disease. It is too lovely to disguise under a flawless
face. Wear your vile inner self on the outside!" Using the
Thaumaturgy power of Disfigurement (Corruption), she
smears her hand over the character's face, which melts
under her touch and then solidifies in a horribly distorted
manner.

The vampire holds up a mirror, to taunt her guest with
her new looks. If the character runs away screaming, the
Nosferatu will leave her disfigured throughout dinner. But
if she stays, Matron Violetta continues to make the
char

acter's face more and more grotesque. Several times
she makes the character very attractive, and then takes
great delight in turning her hideous again.

Dinner is served."
Matron Violetta restores the character's original features
and escorts her, arm in arm, to dinner. "I hope you now

Finally, a servant enters and says,

understand how fleeting and transitory beauty is. And how
worthless."

Toreador: Sire Wenceslas

The Toreador character attracts Sire Wenceslas, who
draws him aside, casually chatting about art. His approach
isa combination of domineering mentoring and sexual
come-on, regardless of his quarry's gender.

Wenceslas cups the character's face in his hands and
says, "You are most lovely. You have special qualities that

call to me. Are you an artist?" He attempts to persuade the
character to admit to and show off artistic talents. "Well,
show me what you can do. Come, dazzle me! Sing for your

supper."

Soee

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


He gives the character a chance to perform, providing
any artistic supplies needed, like paint and canvas, stone
and sculptors tools, or any necessary musical instrument. If
the character refuses, Sire Wenceslas uses Entrancement
(Presence) to compel him.

Unless the character is brilliant, Wenceslas is unim-
pressed and berates the character mercilessly. "You call
that great? You haven't the right to call yourself an artist.
You are a disgrace. A pretender in the halls of the Muses!"

Then he again cups the character's face and draws him
"But [ could make you GREAT!" he says in an
intense whisper. "Would you like that?"

close

Regardless of the character's answer, Wenceslas com-
mands him to beginagain. While the character is performing,
Wenceslas smashes the wine goblet in his hand. He then
cuts the character with the jagged shards. For example, he
may throw the glass beneath the bare feet of a dancing
character or slash his legs, or cut the neck and lips of one
who is singing. If the character is painting, he replaces the
brush with a handful of broken crystal, so the character ends
up finger painting in his own blood and bits of glass.

Wenceslas laughs and raves "More! MORE! Commit-
ment! Commitment and pain! That's what makes great
art! Embrace your pain! It glorifies the Creator! God
created the Earth in pain. Mothers issue forth their get in
pain. And you must bring forth your art from the depths of
pain and anguish! I could make you GREAT, but first I
must make your suffering even greater!"

If the character objects to this treatment, Wenceslas
character

uses Entrancement to keep him going. But if the
ut, Wenceslas has renewed

actually allows himself to be
respect for him

Eventually Giovanni's servants end the art session
witha
acter before any serious blood loss sets in, but he is weakened

all to dinner. They impassively bandage the char-

for the rest of the scene.

Tremere: Lord Casmir

It is likely that the Tremere-to-be has some affinity
for, or interest in, magic. Remember that such interests
were very common in the Middle Ages, if not always
expressed openly.

Lord Casmir stares intently into the character's eyes,
and says in a loud whisper, "Art thou knowing? Art thou
wise in the ways of the other world? Dost thou follow the
left-hand path?"

He soon clarifies this. "Dost thou ken magic? Dost
know of the powers Thaumaturgical?"

The character may agree enthusiastically, or she may
profess ignorance. Lord Casmir continues. "Dost thou seek
knowledge of the forbidden arts? The black road? I can

show thee the way

If the character is not interested, Lord Casmir hits her
with the Thaumaturgy power of Cripple (Corruption).
While the character is paralyzed from the waist down, Lord

The Last Supper

i
t
|
:
;
f
}
f
i
:


Casmir says, "That is the price of thine ignorance, thy
pathetic, sniveling ignorance. Wallow in it like a swine!"
He gloats over the helpless character until dinner.

If the character expresses interest in Lord Casmit's
offer, the vampire says, "The black arts are perverse and

corrupting. | will show thee. Walk across the room and

turn left." When the character attempts to do so, Lord
Casmir uses the Contradict power (Corruption) to make
her turn right.

Next, Lord Casmir holds up a large bowl of water and
" He then
compels the character to do so until she nearly drowns, but

says, "Do not plunge thy head into this bow!

pulls her out at the last minute

Lord Casmir then leads the character up through the
mansion to one of the upper windows and opens the
casement. He places her on the narrow ledge and laughs.
"Ifthou wouldst know of the Mysteries, you must trust me!"
Ifthe character refuses to go or tries to flee, he Cripples her
until dinner. If the character trusts him, he has her stare
down into certain death until dinner, saying, "I could
compel thee to jump at any time. Thy life is buta flickering
candle flame in my hands."

Leave Lord Casmir and the character there and runall

the other vignettes, then return to this scene. The vampire

says, "Now it is thy time to leap into the yawning-" A
servant appears behind him, saying "Dinner is served."

"Perhaps thou mayst leap

Lord Casmir smiles and says,
after dinner."

Asan optional encounter, Lord Casmir and the char-
acter may see Lady Dimitra savagely chasing the
Gangrel-to-be across the rooftops. He shakes his head in
disgust. "Coarse, savage simpletons. No imagination."

Ventrue: Lady Jadviga Almanoy

Lady Jadviga offers the chs
import it from the Orient. Quite deliciousand rare. L

‘acter expensive brand:

eaders

deserve only the best. Don't you agree?"

She continues, "You seem like a man among men (or
woman among women), A leader, Are you of good breeding?"

After the character answers, she says, "High birth and
genteel breeding are not the most telling virtues, though
they are important. Inner nobility and the will to com
mand others are far more important. [ have met many an
ineffectual, useless noble and more than a few fine leaders
who were born of mean station. Which are you?"

The character must make a case for his own worth as
a leader. "We shall soon see," Jadviga says. She fetches a
young servant of the opposite gender from the character,
and commands the servant to kneel. Jadviga then hands

the character a whip and says, "Show me you are fit to
command others."

If the character refuses to beat the servant, Lady
Jadviga becomes enraged. "Then you are one of the sheep,
and not a lion at all!" She Dominates the character into
accepting the servant's punishment, and will
he is Injured.

not stop until

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


If the character accepts, the servant looks at him
piteously, silently imploring the character not to do this
thing. Lady Jadviga shouts "More! More!" as the servant
moans in pain, as blood seeps through her thick blouse.
Eventually the servant slumps into a miserable heap,
bleeding profi
at the sight. Finally, after a good 20 minutes, the servant

ely. The vampire becomes highly aroused

falls unconscious. Nevertheless, Lady Jadviga insists that
the character deal out seven more blows.

Atthe end of the beating, the servant lies very still, as
if dead. (The character must make a Perception + Medi-
cine roll (difficulty 7) to know for sure that he has not
murdered the servant.) Lady Jadviga then hands the char-
acter a bit of bread. "Dip it in the blood, and taste. A
commander of men must not fear the spilling of blood."

If the character refuses, or stops the beating at any
time, Lady Jadviga commands the servant to flog the
character instead. If the character changes his mind at this
point, she refuses to give him a second chance, saying, "In
this vale of tears one must flog or be flogged. Compassion
is weakness that must be beaten out of you."

Almanov has him beaten.

The character will have to make up to three Con-
science rolls during this sequence to avoid losing Humanity
— once if he beats the servant, once when the servant
passes out and once for consuming the blood

Once this is over, a servant comes to fetch them for
dinner. Lady Jadviga either respects the character's sadism
and compromised virtues, or loathes him for cowardice.
Either way, she will enjoy the taste of him.

Lasombra: Lord Leopold Valdemar

Lord Valdemar corners the character somewhere away
from the others, using his body to block the character's
return to the party. He begins questioning the character,
asking a series of seemingly irrelevant questions. "What
makes the sun rise? What do you think of Aristotle? Why do
birds sing? Is it better to be feared or abhored? What is life?"

The player may answer these in any way she likes, but
she must make a Wits + Stealth roll (difficulty 7) to notice
that the shadows are slowly creeping up around her.

Valdemar refuses to let her leave the area, and as his

over the

questioning continues, the shadows mov
character's feet, up her legs and over her chest, finally
covering her completely and leaving her unable to see
anything.

During this process, Valdemar's questions become
more Zen-like. "Is light more than the absence of dark?
Who is your shadow? Why is darkness?"

If the character becomes flustered during this process
and gives less-than-satisfactory answers to the questions,
Valdemar uses Arms of the Abyss (Obtenebration) to hold
the character in the darkne:
released until dinner is ready.

ss and walks off. She will not be

The Last Supper


Tzimisce: Lord Mieczyslav

(MEE-cha-slav)

Lord Mieczyslav takes the character aside and says,
"Tell me how you believe your enemies should be treated."
If the character doesn't understand, or asks for clarifica-
tion of this odd request, Mieczyslav adds, "If you have your
enemy at your mercy, what do you believe should be done
with him?"

The vampire is trying to determine if the character
believes in forgiveness. If the character shows any hint of
forbearance, he snaps: "Mercy is a trick that great men
invented to keep the weak from interfering. No truly great

man is merciful. Enemies must be crushed. Potential en-
emies must be kept wounded and weak. Don't you agree?"

If the player defined his future Tzimisce character as
already corrupt, he will likely agree with Lord Mieczyslav's

bloodthirstiness, and suggest tortures.

Whatever the response, the vampire leads the charac-
ter down into the wine cellars. In one dank, cold room, a
naked man is chained up against the wall, his body covered
with old and new wounds. Torture devices surround him.

"This isa spy for my enemies. Show me how you would
deal with him."

If the character tries to avoid torturing the stranger,
Lord Mieczyslav uses Dominate to force him. The only way
the character can stop the process is to discuss dealing with

enemies, perhay
"great men need to be feared, but must avoid being hated."

s arguing something Machiavellian like

The only thing Mieczyslav likes more than inflicting pain
is arguing, and he will allow the torture to stop for as long
as the character can keep his interest. Roleplay it out. In
the end, Mieczyslav leaves the stranger alive

Ifthe character tortures the stranger, the man begs for
mercy, crying out that he is innocent. He insists that he is
a simple peasant who was captured by the guards for the
sport of the powerful. "They are demons!" he insists. "They
are not living men!" The character must make a Con
science roll to avoid losing Humanity

The stranger is in fact a spy for the Founders. He will
appear in Act II when the characters are interrogated. If
the character kills him now, he will later be held account
able for the death by the Founders.

Assamite: Lord Bajazet Al-Nasir

Lord Bajazet Al-Nasir walks slow circles around his
quarry as he talks, and asks her, "Do you like death?" The
character may not know how to answer this.

ALNasir continues, "Have you made your peace with
her? Can you kill without fear? Could you die without
fear?" The character must come up with a quick answer
Stalling will just draw Al-Nasir's wrath.

If the character answers in the negative, the vampire
says, "Then there is only one way to assist you in reaching
that greatest of goals. We must play the game of death." If

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining

safe

the character answers by saying yes, Al-Nasir says, "Then
let usplay the game of death. And] hope, for your sake, that
you spoke the truth."

The assassin continues, "Ourgame shall be in two parts.
First, you must hunt me. I shall enjoy this little celebration,

and stay in only the public rooms. You must come close

enough to me to kill me without my seeing you. IfI see you,
you must leave my sight immediately and try again.

"We shall play for 15 minutes. If you can reach me in
any way within that time, you have won, and the game
stops. If you fail, it is my turn to hunt you. You are not
restricted to the public areas, but may travel as far as you
can. L have only five minutes to reach you unseen. If |come
close enough to kill you within that five minutes—" he
smiles "—then kill you I shall."

He turns over a massive hourglass, and the sands:
begin running. "Now go!"

The sand will continue to run if the character asks
questions. Al-Nasir will restate the rules, but will not
clarify them further. [f the character complains to Lord
Giovanni or one of his staff members, the necromancer
and his associates will not stop the game, but merely laugh
at the character's plight.

The Assamite then wanders from room to room,
watching other harrowings and mingling with the soldiers
and servants. It is all but impossible to sneak up on Al-
Nasir, but there is a simple way to win. If the character has

ELUOTTIG

a servant or another character help her, she can deliver a
message to the assassin saying, "I have just poisoned you,"
or "The bearer of this note has stabbed you in the back."
She could even leave a package in a room labeled: "This is
acannon which has killed you."

Any imaginative solution will please the assassin
enough to call off the game, and spend the rest of the pre-
dinner time laughing with the character.

However, if the character fails, Al-Nasir quickly finds
her. He pulls a small hourglass from his robe and says "You
have five minutes to live. Now go."

No matter what the hapless character does or where
she goes, Al-Nasir will catch her in a minute or two, by
Obfuscating. If the character creates an uproar by insisting
that she is about to die, Al-Nasir uses Cloak the Gathering
(Obfuscate) to spirit her away. He chokes her to uncon-
sciousness, but does not kill her. She will wake up at dinner,
facedown at the table.

The Followers of Set: Lady Amisa

Lady Amisa wants to corrupt her prey before she feasts
on him. She wants to make him abandon his connection
to life and goodness. If he is already corrupt, she will tempt
him with the ultimate perversity: his own death wish.

Loungingon velvet cushions, she offers her prey wine,
and strikes up a conversation about that which is good and
holy. She uses Entrancement (Presence) to ensure that the

The Last Supper


character tells the truth. She says, "I do so abhor trivial
conversation at these celebrations. The hour has grown
toa late for talking falsely, Don't: you agree?"

She waits for agreement, then asks, "What do you find
good and worthwhile?" The character can choose from a
range of answers, from religion to kindness to greed. Lady

Amisa listens carefully, asking questions designed to draw
out more information about her prey. "What do you mean by
that?" "What about love for another?" "What about sur-
vival?" "For what price would you compromise each one?"

Once she has established what is valuable to her prey,
Lady Amisa says "Let us put that to the test." Rising from
her pillows, she leads the character down into the base-
ment to one of the lowest rooms in the manse. It is pitch
black, save for the meager light from a small, flickering
candle ona table. The character can barely make out large
shapes in the dark of the room.

If the character has previously expressed reverence for
life, Lady Amisa draws forth from the darkness a cat and a
mallet. She hands the mallet to the character, and says
"Would you care to bludgeon the cat?" She does not use
Presence to compel obedience. If the character declines,
she offers him a gold coin. If he continues to refuse, she
offers him a bag of gold coins.

Ifhe refuses the gold, she snaps her fingers, and a very
attractive servant of the opposite gender from the charac-
ter steps forward. "This servant is adept at pleasure. You
may have the use of his/her charms. Forever. Just for
striking the cat."

If the character still resists, Lady Amisa smiles, saying,
"You tantalize me. I have never beheld one who is so
formidable a challenge. | give you one final offer. I have
recently inherited a duchy in Austria. I care not for the
climate, and will soon give it away. You may have it, the
land, the treasury and the title of duke. In return for one cat."

If the character still refuses, she scowls. "Foolish
mortal," she whispers. "Your purity disgusts me. Your
regard for other life has cost you your own." She grabs the

character and drags him to a coffin. Sealing him in, she

throws the coffin into a dank hole in the center of the
room. The character can hear heavy clods of earth landing
onthe lid. Hel
minutes and must make a Self-Control roll (difficulty 6) to
avoid gaining a claustrophobia-related Derangement. Fi-

acter remains buried alive for another 20

nally servants dig him out, saying, "Dinner is served. The
honor of your company is requested."

Ifat any point the character agrees to kill the cat, Lady
Amisa gives him the prize — the gold, the servant or the
promise of the duchy. She is not sincere, and will not let
him keep or use the gift.

Lady Amisa then increases the stakes. She drags a

coffin out of the darkness. A servant lies inside, bound and

gagged. She hands the character a shovel and says, "Bury
him alive." If the character objects, she says, "Why do you
hesitate? He's no more thana cat, afterall." Ifthe character
still refuses, she asks, "What would you require? What is
your price?" Lady Amisa will agree to just about any price

other than her own death, since she is not sincere about

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


keeping any promise. If the character continues to refuse,
Lady Amisa forces the character into the coffin and buries
him, as described above.

If the character agrees to bury the servant alive, Lady
Amisa laughs while he drops the coffin into the hole in the

floor. When he is finished, she caresses him, saying, "You

have tasted a hint of death twice this evening. You must
hunger for the real thing. The main course. You must be
ready for your own death. Would you like to know what it
is like?" If the character refuses, she uses Obsession
(Serpentis) to give hima fixation on dying, and then buries
him alive. He stays there until the servant comes for him.

The Obsession wears off once he has been buried alive

If the character actually agrees to taste death, she
buries him alive with his cooperation. She is developing
respect for him, and digs him up for dinner herself, rather
than having a servant do it. She tenderly takes him by the
arm and leads him upstairs, saying "You look exquisite with
the shadow of death upon you!"

Ravnos: Gabrin

Gabrin glides in circles around his prey, smiling crook-
edly at her while casually flipping asmall eating dagger back
and forth between his hands. If the character is of Gypsy
heritage, Gabrin begins the harrowing by asking about her
family, her kumpania, and her heritage. He listens carefully
to heranswers, but does not respond toany of the character's

questions about his own Romani background.

Gabrin speaks quite glibly as he maneuvers the char-
acter into a small, enclosed courtyard, saying, "Don't call
me Lord Gabrin. I do not need titles to give my life
meaning. Do you think titles give life meaning?" If the
character answers in the negative, Gabrin laughs heartily
and bites her sensuously on the mouth. If the character
answers in the affirmative, he brings his dagger smartly
down against her lip. Either way, Gabrin draws blood.
"And what do you think of the mysterious substance
dribbling down your chin, my friend? Do you think of it as
your most intimate, most sacred possession? Do you?"
Gabrin wipes some of the blood from the character's chin
as he speaks, rubbing his fingers back and forth until they
are wet and sticky with the substance. If the character is
a Gypsy, she should find this act extremely shocking.
Regardless of the character's response to his question,
Gabrin continues to contemplate the blood smearing his
fingers. "We Gypsies don't believe any mortal can own
anything. We...humans...merely borrow from the Earth's
bounty. No one has a superior claim to anything. Do you
feel you need your blood? Well, what if I feel that I need
your blood? What if we all have need of your life's fluid?"
Asthe character responds to Gabrin's words, the Ravnos
uses Horrid Reality (Chimestry) to create images of ravening
animals appearing over the walls, out of the ground and
down from the sky. Lions, snakes, hawks, wolves, rats and
more surround the character, all slavering for her blood. As
Gabrin laughs, the animals begin, one ata time, to peck, nip

and otherwise attack the character in a growing blood frenz

The Last Supper


Just as the character feels she is going to lose conscious-
ness, that the last of her precious flesh and blood are being
torn from her, she hears the voice of a servant standing
directly over her. "Dinner is served," the maid says, offering

ahand to help the dazed character from the ground.

The character is not actually physically injured, al-
though she has difficulty believing that she is actually
undamaged. For days, perhaps even months, she will have
sudden flashbacks in which she believes her flesh and

blood have been torn away, and that she is about to die.

Optional Vignettes

The following vignettes are not clan-dependent. Use
them as you see fit to further enrich and complicate the
clan vignettes.

Competition for Affection

Choose a conspirator of the same clan as the character,
andanother whois ofa clan not chosen by any ofthe players.
Those two vampires both decide that all but one of the
sacrificial lambs that Lothar has selected are sadly lacking in
spirit. Unfortunately, they both focus on the same charac-
ter. The Kindred compete for his affection, and each tries to
charm that character into choosing her for a patron.

Trouble flashes between the two, and they make
veiled threats. The chars

ter can try to defuse the tension
by picking one, or by taking control and saying that he will
decide later, based on how well they both behave.

If the character does not stop them, the vampires
come to blows. Lord Giovanni quickly breaks up the fight,
but the violence casts a pall over the evening. Three
successes on a Perception + Brawl roll (difficulty 6) means
the characters see that the fighting hosts moved with
nearly impossible agility. The character being fought over
sees this on one success.

The character might end up selecting the elder who is
not of his own clan-to-be. After all, the player does not
know the clans of the conspirators. This doesn't matter,
however, because the elder of the proper clan will end up
Embracing the character when the Founders attack.

The Overly Ardent Suitor

One vampire gets carried away with enthusiasm for
herchosen sacrifice, and suggests a tryst. (The vampire and
prey may be of either gender.) She seduces her chosen guest

and suggests that they discreetly retire upstairs. If the
character refuses, she offers bribes and riches. If the char-
acter continues to resist, she Dominates him and leads him
up to an opulent bedroom. While they are removing their
clothes, Lord Giovanni bursts in and stops the proceed-
ings. He gently reproves the vampire, and apologizes to the
character. He then escorts the two back to the dining hall.
(This would be a good time for the fight in the "Competi-
tion for Affection" vignette to begin.)

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


Customized Harrowing

Ifacharacter has a unique history, a strange quirk or an
interesting background, the Storyteller is encouraged to
change details of the harrowing to fit the circumstances, or
even create acustom-tailored harrowing to fit the character.

Also, if one of the unused vignettes sounds more
interesting than the one designated to a player's clan, feel
free to use it if it appeals to you more.

Wrapping Up Scene 2

Most of the harrowings end with the vampire and his
victim summoned to dinner by a servant. In each case, the
servant does not seem to notice or care about the horrifying
scene. By this point, some characters may be unconscious:
they are dragged to the table by servants and placed in their
chairs with their heads on the table. Scene 2 ends when all
the harrowings are over and all the characters are seated
(conscious or unconscious) at the elegant dining table.

Scene 3:
Dinner is Served

Dining-out is a vice, a dissipation of spirit punished by
remorse
— Cyril Connolly, The Unquiet Grave

Summoned to Lord
Giovanni's Table

The table in the dimly lit dining hall is laid with
expensive crockery in a manner befitting a prince. The
room is abuzz with excitement. The hosts are very ani-
mated following the harrowings, and chatter eagerly with
one another. If they were favorably impressed by qualities
displayed by their victims, they also talk to the characters.
The Kindred revel in the fun they have had thus far, and
eagerly anticipate the revels and feasting still to come.
Lothar scurries about the chamber, fussing over the set-
tings and making sure everything is in order.

Bloody Mess Hall

As the hosts and victims assemble, the musicians play
Claudius' theme. Lord Giovanni enters to a great chorus
of cheers from the 12 lords and ladies. He takes his place
at the head of the table, next to Marianna, a young woman
from the traveling party.

(Marianna is the prey Lothar chose for Giovanni's
dinner. She'll be drained first, and left for dead. But after
the attack, Giovanni will give her blood to fight for him.
She'll survive the Founders' attack, and go on to be the
only Giovanni who was not born into the family, and a

major pain for the necromancers to boot. She will not jo
the coterie, but she may help it later.)

The hosts take their seats next, each seated nexttoh
or her prey. Unconscious characters begin to wake up now.
Any attempts to flee or fight (now or later) will be metwit
quick response, and the character Dominated into behav
ing properly. The Storyteller must keep track of who
Dominated, because the character who bides his time an
resists the temptation to fight will have free will laterinth
story, when the Founders attack.

Lothar leads three servants pushing huge, steamin
carts heaped high with platters of delicious-smelling foo
Roast duck, suckling pig, haunches of beef and legs of lam
all produce a mouth-watering aroma that fills every com
of the room.

Toastmaster Claudius

Lady Jadviga rises and calls out above the clamor, 4
toast! A toast to the brilliant one who brought us togetk
for such a delightful evening! A toast to the leader ¥
knew how to add flavor to our dining. A toast to the
clever enough to attack his own kin for our benefit! T
Claudius Giovanni, and to the destruction of Japheth,
of Cappadocius!" A great cheer arises from the crowd
"Speech!" they cry.

Claudius rises, and motions for silence. The festiv
crowd takes its time in quieting, but soon the roar subsid

"Welcome, welcome, my true friends," he begins. "
other year has passed and the Conspiratcy of Isaac
stands on the threshold of victory. Your unflagging devotio
toourcause has brought us to the brink of seizing Cappadoci
power and wealth! | am in awe. Tonight | intend to
that fidelity. Which brings us to our guests."

He gestures toward each of the characters. "Welcom
you whoare new to our ranks. Let us talk about sustena
Let us talk about the draught of life that s

"The smell of fine food entices and excite:
and makes the consumption all the more gratifying.
you smell it? Does not the growing anticipation maked
meal more and more desirable? This is the differe
between the boorish peasant who devours his barley likes
beast and the refined palate requiring cultivated sus
nance. Anticipation. The circumstances of the meal:
important as the food itself. Consumption isa holy act,
each drop should be memorable.

"Only the finest food should be selected. The fod
should be tenderized. Prepared. The eater must ha
relationship with his meal. Then when you bite a shredd
flesh from your food, it's worth the blood you shed. Would
our guests agree?" He looks pointedly at each character ank
awaits their reply. He will allow them to answer, and evel
give their opinions, before continuing. The more they:
the greater the impact from the imminent revelation thi
they are dinner.

The Last Supper


Lord Giovanni glances toward the kitchen, and Lothar
ushers in two servants dragging a large and noisy sheep to
the table by a silken leash. The sheep pulls stubbornly
against the servants. "He has spirit," says their host. "How
unlike his breed. Well, my guests, here is your dinner."
Take a moment for character reactions

He take
the guests. "Who among you shall have the honor of the

a large ax from a servant, and holds it out to

Kill?" (None of the non-player guests volunteer. It's up to

the players' characters.)

"Come, come, did you want a temperate, bloodless

dinner? Eating is destruction! Eating is death! And death

isholy, as our Savior reminds us. Come!"

If no one volunteers, Claudius raises the ax over his
head. "Then if none among you offer to create our din-
ner—" he swings the ax, smashing the head from the sheep
in one blow,

ind spattering the assembled guests with

blood. He looks up. "

then you shall become dinner." He
continues with the speech below in "Revelations in Blood."

Ifany character volunteers, Lord Giovanni hands her
theax. She must inflict four Health Levels of damage to kill
the sheep; any less causes it to scream piteously. A botch

results in a bloody mess with the sheep running around and

spurting blood

When the sheep is dead, Claudius scoops an elegant
goblet under the spurtingneck and fillsit. "Taste your kill!"
He hands the goblet to the character who killed the sheep.
If the character drinks, Lord Giovanni smiles a devilish
leer. If any character refuses to drink, Claudius abruptly

drenches him in the blood, shouting, "Wretched ingrate!
How dare you! If you will not eat my dinner, then you shall
become my dinner!" He continues with the speech below in
"Revelations in Blood."

ord Giovanni smiles

If all the characters drink,
evilly. "You are now one with your prey!" he says. "That
connection is all there is! The relationship between predz

torand prey creates the flavor! The link between death and
life creates the flavor!"

He puts his hand on the shoulder of the character who
killed the sheep, saying, "And now I am hungry!" In one
fast move, his fingernails rake along the character's neck,

cutting ragged slashes in the skin. Blood begins to drip.
Ifthe characters try to resist or run now or at any time,
therebellious ones are Dominated or otherwise forced into

cooperating.

Revelations in Blood

"It is time we told you, our guests, our secret. You are
ur lambs. You are as food to us. You are not here to be
served. You are here to be served to us!" He laughs heartily,
and the other hosts titter politely. "You guests don't

understand yet? Youare to be our meal!" Pause for dramatic

effect.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


"We have tenderized you before dinner, and now you
are ready to be eaten." He gazes into the eyes of the woman.
at his side (the guest Lothar chose for him) and says,

"Marianna, ascend tothe table." Asif ina trance, Marianna

steps up, shedding her gown as she glides, hypnotized, onto

ahu

, empty platter at the head of the table.

"The circumstances of the feeding impart a great
flavor to the blood. How tawdry to violently attack our
food before the kill. When prey is startled, its blood fills
with a bitter acid that, in large amounts, is most distasteful.
And yet to dull the victim into a submissive stupor creates
a sluggishness of the blood. The blank-eyed prey whose
soul has been crushed makes fora boring meal, one without
spice."

Lord Giovanniclampsa metal collar around Marianna's
neck. The collar has a single hole in it

"So what is the solution to this epicurean dilemma?]
thought to myself: a mere drop of the acid. A mere tinge of
poison. Ergo: not shock, but a mild, sustained dread fol

lowed by sweet surrender. It excites the blood of the prey
as it stimulates the soul of the predator. As terror builds
without total panic, a drop of this savory zest is added to

Lord Giovanni thrusts a jeweled dagger into the hole
in Marianna's metal collar. As her crimson blood beginsto
flow, he inserts a keg tap into the hole. The flow stops. He
neatly dabs the spilled blood off her neck with his embroi-
dered linen napkin

"Also, you must wait until the appetite comes over
you, but before the ravening hunger overwhelms you.
Eating when full dulls the mind and senses. The eater must

be prepared, and the eaten must be prepared as well. Weare

ready. Our food is ready! My friends, let us eat!"
Claudius turns the tap, and blood flows smoothly from
the woman's neck into his goblet. He swirls the blood and
smells it, deliriously happy. He then raises the goblet tothe
guests, and drinks a heady draught. When he lowers the
cup, his eyes bulge with the rapture of a fanatic, and a huge
smile spreads across his blood-soaked lips. The guests

cheer, saying "It's our turn!" and "Enough anticipation!"

Paul's Dilemma

"Wait!" shouts Claudius. "Before we gorge ourselves,
we must test the loyalty of our newest household soldier."
Two guards enter, escorting the limping Paul, who is
wearing the regalia of Giovanni's soldiers. The lord says,
"Now, soldier, the time has come for you to prove yout
loyalty to us. Are you truly a hardened crusader wounded
in battle, or a farm boy who fell on his own pitchfork?
Come, my faithful Roman legionnaire. Pierce the side of
oursacrificial lamb." He hands Paul his jeweled dagger, and
points to one of the characters. (Pick one at random. ) Paul
blanches,

The Last Supper


This vignette can go one of two ways. If the characters

interceded on Paul's behalf, he summons all his courage

__andrefuses, saying quietly, ‘Milord, I cannot. Such wicked-
ness is against God."

The hosts laugh uproariously, but Claudius is not
amused. He roars, "I do not believe you fought with the great
crusader Hunyady, crippled coward! Pierce him or die!"

Paul again refuses. Marchettus rises, walks over to the
terrified soldier, and in one blow spins Paul's head around.
Thesoldier's legs buckle, but Marchettus holds him up and
beats him until the young man's face is a mass of blood.
Finally Marchettus lets him crumple into a heap on the
floor and strides back to his seat.

Lord Giovanni says, "Oh, I nearly forgot to tell you.
Soldier Paul wishes to thank you for interceding on his
behalf to joinmy troops." The other Kindred laugh appre-

" ciatively. (Paul is not dead, but the characters do not know
that. He will live and could become a loyal helper to the
characters, possibly even a ghoul.)

Ifthe characters did not intercede on Paul's behalf, he
pauses. Claudius says, "Go on. After all, what did they ever

_ do for you? Interceding on your behalf would have cost
them nothing, yet they could not bestir themselves to do
even that. You owe them nothing, and you owe me
everything."

Paul nods. He attaches a collar to the character's neck,
then inserts the dagger and tap. Lord Giovanni applauds,
saying, "Welcome to our ranks, crippled soldier. You have

~ amaster and home for your entire life."

Tapping the Vein

The servants clamp metal collars onto the rest of the
characters' necks, and affix keg taps into the hole in each
collar. When a tap is turned, blood flows. By this time, most

ofthe characters will have been Dominated. If any submit
_ willingly, make a note of this.

The vampires excitedly move from character to char-
acter, turning the taps and sampling the different vintages.
They animatedly compare tastes, and even the most re-
served among them becomes gleeful and aroused. They
teel like drunkards, talk too loudly, and wave their arms
like madmen. They tap the neck of a low-born character,
taste the blood, and say, "It's a naive domestic vintage
without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its
presumption!" and then laugh.

During the drinking session, the vampires toast "To
the eternal destruction and damnation of Japheth
Cappadocius," and "To the continuing, blessed ignorance
of Hardestadt and his motley mob!" Claudius says, "My
friends, we must be bold! We must take great risks! How
else will we win anything worth the winning?"

During the evening, if any of the characters ask what is
tobecome of them, Lord Giovanni replies, "Why, you will
die, of course. In a few months we shall send word to your

provincial homes that you were set upon by brigands. Or
monsters. Or TURKS! Your loved ones—" he pauses to look
ata character who is an outcast, poor or mad "—if any, shall
grieve and resolve never to set foot out of their muck-
encrusted hovels." If there is a wealthy character, he looks
at herand says, "Excuse me. Your muck-encrusted palaces.")

If the characters try to reason with Lord Giovanni to
let them go, he says, "The superior being never yields to the
lesser." If the characters plead with him, he merely laughs
patronizingly. If they call hima monster, he responds, "lam
more refined and cultivated than you could ever have
hoped tobe...even when you were alive!" He laughs evilly.

The Warning

By this time, the characters are starting to feel dizzy,
weak and cold from blood loss. Just when things look the
bleakest, a loud crash shakes the whole manor. All the hosts
freeze in mid-revel, panic on their bloodstained visages.

Suddenly an alarm goes up. Guards shout, footsteps
clatter and warning bells jangle. Another crash from the
southern wall shakes the building.

Asentry comes running in. "My lord! My lord! We are
under attack! A century of men at arms! Hardestadt's
troops! We are overwhelmed!"

The hosts leap up from their meal.

Claudius rages, "The Founders! Damn their eyes!"

Lord Mieczyslav shouts, "We're trapped!"

Matron Violetta scowls: "Someone has betrayed us!"

ALNazir cries, "It must have been that Malkavian
madwoman Theophana! We should tear out her deceitful
heart!"

"Impossible!" shouts Sire Wenceslas. "You are just
saying that to throw us off the track, Assamite! [t must have
been you! I have never trusted you!"

Lord Leopold Valdemar says, "More likely the Lady
Jadviga is behind it! Scheming Ventrue always put clan
before allies!"

Lady Jadviga retorts, "You are an addled-pated old
Lick, Leopold. I hate Hardestadt and have often attacked
his holdings. I say we stay and prove that we are doing
nothing to merit an attack!"

"Stay?" Gabrin says witha laugh. "And entrust my fate
to that madman Hardestadt? Never!"

Lady Dimitra shouts, "Giovanni betrayed us! We were
fools to believe he would attack his fellow Cappadocians!

Claudius bellows: "Silence! I forbid this infighting!
Follow me NOW or we are all dead!"

"There's nowhere to go!" Marchettus shouts. "Let's
fight them!"

"This is not the place! We can go to the reliquary!
They cannot follow us there!"

"Yes," says Lady Theophana. "We can go."

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


"Come!" Claudius insists. "I have a way out through
the crypts below! Come quickly!"

"But they will follow us!" Lord Casmir says coldly.
"Your soldiers will fall like the pathetic mortals they are!"

Giovanni thinks. "Aye. They will. We must slow
Hardestadt. Ah! Embrace your prey! They are drained and
will quickly Change. That will slow our pursuers and buy
us time to escape before our childer are destroyed in the
onslaught."

"What if one survives?" Lady Amisa asks.

"Ha!" Giovanni snorts. "I remind the gentle lady that
our attackers are the fanatical Founders. Hardestadt would
never suffer one to live! Now do it! It's the only way'

The Panicked Embrace

Each vampire quickly drains the remaining blood
from and then feeds a measure of his own blood to the
character he spent the evening tormenting. This will cause
each character to become a vampire of the clan the player
chose before the game. Some of the vampires disdain
giving their precious vitae to unworthy vessels, but they
grudgingly agree.

When they finish, they command the characters:
"Fight the invading troops to the death!" and flee. All
characters who have been Dominated are compelled to
fight. But those who did not resist can do as they please.
However, Claudius will not allow them to join with the
hosts in their flight, and will Dominate anyone who tries
into staying and fighting.

Dominated characters cannot see how the hosts es-
cape, but the others can. Ona Perception + Awareness roll
(difficulty 7), they see the vampires flee into a secret
passage in a storage room in the basement. After the hosts
leave, a Dominated servant closes the passage, pours oil on
the boxes stored in the room, and sets them on fire. He
locks the door to the room and leaves.

The characters are now vampires. They each have two
Blood Points and cannot yet use Disciplines. In addition,
the Nosferatu spends the first few turns writhing on the
floor in agony as the Change sets in. When she gets back
up, she will be horrendously ugly but not under anyone's
Domination.

The Attack: Eat or be Eaten

As the hosts disappear, sounds of melee approach.
Soon the door splinters and a group of armored troops pour
in. Their leader isa giant ofa man with gleaming fangs. The
troops all wear the standard of a single red rose, and many
of them also have bared fangs. The second-in-command is
familiar. He's Roderigo.

hearties, but leave at least one alive for torture

Roderigo shouts, "Surrender, you traitorous dogs!
Lord Hardestadt will spare you if you surrender now!"

The characters can try to defend themselves from
onslaught. If Paul did not get his job with the aid of the
characters, he is still conscious and fights to repel the
invaders. But his bad leg prevents him from dodgi
properly, and the characters watch in horror as he isst
down, his organs spilling over the marble floor.

If the characters try to flee, they are easy targets for
troops who lie in ambush along all escape routes.
characters see the other guests, now turned to vampires,
all around them. During the fighting, they hear Roderig
say to the troops, "Try to keep as many alive as possible:

Any characters who are not Dominated may try totalk
their way out of the fight. Roderigo seems very symp:
thetic. He acceptssurrenders without Hardestadt's appro
and then pleads their case to Hardestadt in the midst of the
battle. On Roderigo's recommendation, Hardestadt a
cepts their surrenders, especially if the characters promise
to reveal what they know of Giovanni and the conspi
tors.

Surrendered characters will be chained immediately.
Hardestadt says "We shall talk further when we reach

." Award an extra experience point to the
unDominated characters who implore that the other gu

them anyway, but this gives the players a stronger sense 0
involvement.)

The Storyteller should be try not to destroy the
characters, but make sure they are rendered unconscious.
Still, if someone meets the Final Death, too bad. They.
come back as one of the other victims.

Wrapping Up Actl

Once the characters are pacified, Roderigo insists
they be kept ali nd Hardestadt ultimately decides
to destroy the new vampires. Instead he has Roderigoa

soldiers are also killed. If Paul got his job with the charac"
ters' help, he is beaten but alive.

The curtain falls on Act I with the characters uncon:
scious or surrendered.

"Tha Last Summer


The Conspirators

Claudius Giovanni
Clan: Giovanni
Generation: Sth
Embrace: 1035 (born 988)
Apparent Age: Late 40s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Haggling 5,
Intrigue 6, Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Public Speaking 4,
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 5, Melee 4, Ride 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Finance 4, Kindred Lore 3,
Law 5, Linguistics 2, Occult 3, Politics 4
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Necromancy 5, Ob-
fuscate 3, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Elder Status 2, Herd 6,
Influence 6, Military Force 3, Resources 6, Retainers 4
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 8

Derangement: Obsessed with power

Image: A short, stout man draped in elegantly tailored
clothes and wearing a large skull pendant

Roleplaying Hints: You are a hearty, powerful man who
knows that he will soon have more power than others
could ever dream of. You enjoy your own witty bon mots,
and you constantly grandstand in front of others. You have
no pity or respect for those who cannot take care of
themselves.

Marchettus the Bold
Clan: Brujah
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1234 (born 1198)
Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Throwing 4

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Etiquette 2, Fast-Draw 4, Melee 4,
Ride 5, Stealth 3, Torture 4, Traps 3

Knowledges: Clan Knowledge 3, Kindred Lore 2, Military
Science 5

ot

cate 3, Presence 3, Potence 3

iplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1, Obfus-

LIONS
te

 CLADDIUS GIOVANNI

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


Knowledges: Area Knowledge 1, Gypsy Lore 3, Kindred
Lore 2, Lupine Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Elder Status 1, Herd 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Notes: Her extra level of Animalism makes her extremely
attractive to animals.

Image: A tall, sinewy woman wearinga traveling cloak and
man's breeches.

Roleplaying Hints: Like most Gangrel, you adore fresh air
and loathe the squalid buildings most people insist on
spending time within. You talk rapturously of the joys of
the kill, tracking, herbalism and other such matters, but
you have no patience with any subject not relating to the
wilds. You often growl, purr and interject other animal
noises into your conversation.

Lady Theophana

ian
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1173 (born 1157)

Apparent Age: Mid-teens

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 5,
Mimicry 5, Poetic Expression 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Dancing 3, Debate 3, Etiquette 5, Herbalism 3,
Melee 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Art History 4, Kindred Lore 2, Literature 4,
Theology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Dementation 5, Dominate 2, Ob-
fuscate 3

Backgrounds: Age 2, Contacts 5, Elder Generation 4,
Elder Status 1, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 3
Willpower: 7
Derangement: Obsession (insanity), among others
Notes: Her extra level of Auspex lets her communicate
telepathically.

Image: A slender, tall woman-child, with waist-length
blonde hair. She wears a torn, soiled, silken gown and a
decayed floral arrangement in her hair.

Roleplaying Hints: You long to delve into the minds of all
those around you, picking them apart in the search for the
sweetmeats of madness that lie within. You do and say
anything to extract these morsels, laughing gleefully at the
delightful insanity your antics releases onto the all-too-
sane world.

Matron Violetta

Clan: Nosferatu

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1078 (born ?)

Apparent Age: 70 or older

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Stealth 7,
Traps 5

Knowledges: City Secrets (Vienna) 4, Kindred Lore 3,
Sewer Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 6, Po-
tence 2, Thaumaturgy 4 (Path of Corruption 4)
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Elder Status 1, Influ-
ence 4, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 8

Notes: Her extra level of Obfuscate allows her to make her
mind invisible to telepaths.

Image: A frighteningly ugly woman whose face is only
partly hidden under a thick gray leper's cloak and hood.
However, she wears a full face mask with ragged eye-holes
and a smelly wet spot in front of her mouth. Hideous,
leprous scabs can be seen around her eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Your rough, slightly muffled voice
disgusts most listeners. Perhaps they are imagining pustules
breaking within their own mouths, perpetually leaking
foul fluids onto their tongues and lips. You loathe this
attitude and all the falsities exterior beauty allows. You
believe true purity of the soul is only attainable when such
unhealthy frivolities are stripped away.

Sire Wenceslas

Clan: Toreador

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1032 (born 969)

Apparent Age: Early 60s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 4,
Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Style 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Dancing 5, Debate 4, Etiquette 5, Falconry 5,
Melee 3, Music 6, Ride 2, Stealth 4

The I ast Sunner


Knowledges: Architecture 4, Art History 5, Kindred Lore 2,
Literature 5
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 1,
Presence 6
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Elder Status 1, Resources 5,
Retainers 6

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 8

Derangement: Pedophilia

Notes: His sixth level of Presence means he can create
feelings similar to the Blood Bond in people while he is
near them.

Image: A stern-faced old man dressed in a royal purple
tunic, leggings and feathered cap, and wearing copious
amounts of elegant, expensive jewelry.

Roleplaying Hints: You constantly press those with whom
you speak, bullying and flattering in turn. You particularly
enjoy the company of young children. Their physical and
spiritual purity excites your interest and aesthetic appetites
inaway no other beauty does. However, you search for true

artistry in all things, demanding it of others. You deal

harshly with all those who disappoint you.

Lord Casmir

Clan: Tremere

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1097 (born 1037)
Apparent Age: About 60
Physi
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Instruction 5,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Debate 6, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Biology 3, Kindred Lore 4,
Faerie Lore 2, Metallurgy 4, Naturalist 5, Occult 6

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Thaumaturgy 5 (Lure
of Flames 4, Weather Control 3, Movement of the Mind 2)

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Elder Status 1, Resources 4,
Retainers 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpowe
Image: A portly man wiht a large white beard, wearing a
black robe with silver trim.

Roleplaying Hints: Your eyes and voice radiate an ex-
traordinary intensen
man of your comfortable build. You adore the complex

ss, one others seldom expect from a

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining


paths of black magic, especially the infinitely corrupting
sacrifices and other tortures required in such rites. You
have no patience for those who do not share your interest
in corruption and power, yet you jealously guard your
knowledge of the dark paths from all save your Blood
Bound progeny.

Lady Jadviga Almanoy of Bohemia
Clan: Ventrue
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1223 (born 1186)
Apparent Age: Late 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Diplomacy
Dodge 4, Intimidation 2, Sense Deception 3
Skills: Dancing 4, Debate 3, Etiquette 3, Falconry 3,
Fast-Talk 5, Lip Reading 2, Melee 2, Ride 4, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Clan Knowledge 4, Kindred
Lore 2, Law 4, Metallurgy 2, Occult 3, Politics 5
Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 3, Po-
tence 1, Presence 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Elder Status 1, Influence 4,
Resources 4, Status 3
Virtues:
Humanity: 5

oscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Willpower: 8

Image: A heavyset woman with dark red hair who always
dresses in long, black gowns.

Roleplaying Hin ‘ou respect power wielded with au-
thority, and you feel that you have both the skill and the
temerity to rise to a position of true leadership in the
Ventrue. As your current mission shows, you are not
unwilling to take risks to achieve your goals, and you have
little respect for others not willing to do the same.

Lord Leopold Valdemar

Clan: Lasombra

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1113 (born 1074)

Apparent Age: about 40

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Interrogation 3,
Intrigue 6, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 5, Torture 4,
Traps 3

Knowledges: Finance 4, Kindred Lore 2, Literature 3,
Occult 3

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 2,
Obtenebration 7, Potence 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Elder Status 1, Influence 6,
Resources 5, Retainers 6

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 7

Notes: His extra levels of Obtenebration allow him to use
the darkness to suck blood from others and give his own
shadow substance.

Image: A bald, middle-aged man dressed like a prosperous
merchant in brocaded velvet.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a hearty fellow, who does
many things to excess — even things that would give other
Kindred "nightmares" for months on end. You seldom, if
ever, give credence to the idea that limits should be applied
to your behavior.

Lord Mieczyslay
Clan: Tzimsce
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1066 (born 1042)
Apparent Age: Mid-20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 5
Sonscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 4,
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Dancing 2, Etiquette 3, Falconry 3,
Herbalism 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Torture 6
Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Law 4, Medicine 5, Natural-
ist 4, Occult 5
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Pres-
ence 1, Vicissitude 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Elder Status 1, Resources 5,
Status 3
Humanity: 2
Willpower: 8
Derangement: Compulsion (torture)
Image: A handsome young man with high cheekbones,
wearing a simple black monk's robe with white surplice.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a blunt-spoken man who
believes in one thing, and one thing only. Power. Compro-
mise is not in your vocabulary. The weak must be kept that
way, and the strong have an obligation to remind their
lessers of their lowly position in the world. You particularly
enjoy using torture to make your points, and often get
carried away with such activities. Even in simple conver-
sation you often find yourself wishing to push one long nail
into the soft flesh of a servant, or otherwise exercise your
immense power.

The Last Supper


Lord Bajazet Al-Nasir

Clan: Assamite
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1011 (born 976)
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Phy:
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 1, Brawl 5, Dodge 6, Scan 4,
Subterfuge 3, Throwing 5

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Blind Fighting 4, Etiquette 2, Fast-
Draw 3, Melee 5, Stealth 4, Survival 3

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 2, Theology 3, Toxicology 3

cal: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Celerity 2, Dominate 1, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 4, Presence 2, Quietus 6

Backgrounds: Clan Prestige 4, Contacts 5, Elder Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 9

Image: A dark-skinned man with angular, chiseled fea-
tures, dressed in fine, silk Turkish robes.

Roleplaying Hints: You speak softly yet quite animatedly
when in conversation with others. Your movements are
always quick and silent. You enjoy your dance with death,
and respect only those who can face death with cleverness
and panache.

Lady Amisa
Clan: Followers of Set
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1073 (born 1049)
Apparent Age: Mid-20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawling 1, Dodge 2, Interrogation 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Masquerade 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Etiquette 2, Fast-Draw 4, Hypno-
tism 3, Ride 1, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Naturalist 3, Theology 2,
Toxicology 5

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4, Presence 2, Serpentis 6
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Elder Status 1, Herd 4, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 9

Notes: With her extra level of Serpentis, Amisa can tempt
people to act out their darkest fantasies merely by talking
to them about it.

Image: A small, swarthy woman draped in silks of foreign
design and an elaborate gold headpiece.

Roleplaying Hints: You often remind others of the spider
or the snake, fascinating and extremely dangerous. Even in
your most casual conversations you instinctively search for
moral weaknesses in others. You enjoy leading others onto
the well-worn paths of corruption, a task which is so often
all too easy to accomplish. You especially enjoy laying bare
the corruption of the "holy" monks and priests who infest
this area of the world.

Gabrin
Clan: Ravnos
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1195 (born 1167)
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Leader-
ship 2, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 3, Throwing 6

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Dancing 3, Etiquette 2, Fast-Talk 6,
Gambling 3, Melee 2, Sleight of Hand 3, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Gypsy Lore 4, Kindred Lore 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Chimerstry 5, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 3, Resources 3, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 7

Image: A short young man dressed as a Gypsy, wearing lots
of flashy gold jewelry and a coarse tunic and leggings.
Roleplaying Hints: Your manner is smooth and welcom-
ing, and you almost always have a ready smile on your face
— even when carving someone's heart out. You care little
for non-Gypsy conventions of clothing or manners, and
thus stand out almost everywhere you go.

Act I: The Art of Fine Dining



| Act ll: -
- In the Halls of*
the Dead

The smile that breaks so gently belies a troubled head

Like a voice that holds the secrets of a life you might have led

Eyes with pale indifference in danger and in grace

But the glance that knows the death-knell left its shadow on your face

In the deep, enduring darkness as your loyal friends go down

Touched by the viole

Donagh Long, "

In this second of three Acts, the characters are inter-
almost killed,
intervention by the mysterious Ravnos, Durga Syn. She

rogated, and saved by a very timely
requires that the characters spy on their former masters.
They visit the secret lair of their sires, and also visit the
mysterious Cappadocius to speak to him, deliver a message
and possibly warn him of his childer's treachery

Scene 1: The Interrogation

Cruelty would be delicious if one could only find some sort
of cruelty that didn't really hurt
— George Bernard Shaw, Heartbreak House

Journey in Chains

Once Hardestadtand his fellow Founders have searched
the rest of the manse and determined that the other
conspirators have fled, the Ventrue elder orders his min-
ions to chain the characters (most of whom are probably
unconscious at this juncture) and bring them along for
questioning. After all, Hardestadt wishes leisure to make
the most of his little interrogation, and he has a nearby
castle prepared for just such activity.

crown til their hunter's hunted down
‘The Shadow"

Roderigo places the characters in one of the same
large, shuttered carriages he used to bring them to the
castle in Act 1, Scene 1. This time he closes the heavy
shutters. It is clear that the carriage is specially crafted to
allow not even a shred of daylight to penetrate within.

Roderigo says, "I regret that this journey will not be as

comfortable as the first." The characters remain shackled
for the lengthy, very rough journey, which takes the rest of
the night and all of the next day to complete.

Asan added precaution, Hardestadt places three of his
strongest, heavily Dominated ghoul soldiers in the car
riage. Each is instructed to run the others through should
any begin to behave against orders (for example, attempt
ing to unchain a prisoner)

As yet another precaution, the soldiers are also pro
"bleeding sticks:"
ending in sharply honed knives. The soldiers are to drain

vided with five-foot-long metal rods

the captives — just enough to keep them groggy, yet not
enough to bleed them dry. Each of the soldiers has experi
ence in thisarea (on humansand vampires alike), and they
are expert at judging just how much to bleed a prisoner to
keep him quiescent and alive. They carefully save the

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead


blood in stoppered jugs. If any characters managed to
retain their free will in the last scene and surrendered to
Hardestadt, they will not be bled unless they cause trouble.
Ifall else fails, the guards can open a window and flood the
carriage with deadly sunlight.

Should any of the characters be awake for the journey,
they may attempt to talk to the guards. The men are quite
taciturn, however, and will say nothing to the new Kindred
save that they faithfully serve Hardestadt. If the characters
press too hard with questions, the soldiers will more vigor-
ously apply their bleeding sticks to the offending prisoners.

The journey is bumpy and hot, but most of the char-
acters will be asleep or still in shock at their sudden
Embrace and its result. Early the following evening the
carriages arrive at their destination, Castle Deverick.

Castle Deverick

Castle Deverick is a small, twisted fortres
tenaciously toa steep hillside. Hardestadt uses this castle as

clinging

his headquarters when away from his native Germany. It is
the ancestral home of the Devericks, of whom the current
family head is Baron Rudolph Deverick, a bleary-eyed,
dissipated mortal completely Dominated by Hardestadt.

When the darkened carriages pull up to the castle's
rear portal, the still-disoriented characters are dragged out
of their cramped quarters and escorted briskly inside by a
dozen guards with brightly blazing torches. The characters
do not know if it is night or day (it is evening).

Should any of the characters attempt to make a break
for freedom, the guards will quickly swing their torches at
them. Ifa character somehow manages to escape the circle
of guards, one or two of Hardestadt's Kindred compatriots
should easily find and recapture the runaways (most prob-
ably the Gangrel Milov Petrenkov and the Nosferatu Josef
von Bauren).

Once the characters are inside the castle, they are
quickly escorted down a narrow, winding stairway leading
to the deepest reaches of the structure. Monitored by
Hardestadt and the Tremere Mistress Fanchon, the guards
place the characters in a large, airless cell strewn with
moldering straw and near-petrified feces. Once chained to
the wall, the characters are left to ponder their fate until
the following evening.

Any characters still unconscious at this point, from
the events at the Giovanni manse or from being bled
excessively by overzealous guards, will wake up shortly
after dawn. Although the cell is on the lowest level of the

tle, there is a small slit of a window high up in the wall
across from the characters, running the length of the cell.
(The cell is on the outermost wall of the castle.)

As the morning progresses a slim beam of sunlight
knifes through the room's dusty air. Although at first the
beam lands far above the characters' heads, as noon ap-
proaches it slowly inches down the wall, in a malevolent

wave, towards them. Although they are not particularly
endangered by the beam, this should be very disturbing to
the characters, and they may need to make Courage rolls.
The sunbeam will fade and disappear shortly before noon,
stopping its progress a good five feet from the cell's floor. Of
course, taller characters will have been forced to slump
down uncomfortably in their bonds for an hour or two, but
they can easily avoid harm (although the players have no
idea where exactly the beam will stop).

The characters are free to talk in whispers throughout
the long, long day. Should they speak any louder, or make
any other sounds, the guards will yell for them to be quiet, "or
else we'll take the fire to you, you Hell-damned bloodsuck-
ers!" If the characters persist in their noise s
enter the cell armed with torches. They will immediately
shovea torch into the belly of the loudest character, charring
her for one Health Level of aggravated damage.

ALong Day's Night

After the long day finally ends and the moon has risen
over Castle Deverick, Hardestadt and his fellow Founders
again confront the hapless characters. Slamming the door

ral guards will

open toannounce his arrival, Hardestadt strides smugly into
the cell toexamine his prisoners. He bows ironically, saying,
"Well, well, well. Behold the grand conspirators. You will
not live to plot against your betters again. The punishment
for your crime against the Traditions of Caine is a slow,
agonizing death by sunlight. But if you truthfully answer my
questions, I can offer you a quick and painless death instead.
A truly admirable offer, and one I suggest you accept."

Hardestadt's speech will likely baffle the characters,
since they are not conspirators and know nothing of the
Traditions of Caine. If any of the characters attempts to
assert her innocence Hardestadt roars with laughter, even
as he slaps her across the face with the back of his glove, a
heavy gauntlet encrusted with razor-sharp metal spikes.
"You conspirators are such pathetically amusing little
liars!" he finishes with a chuckle

Walking down the line, Hardestadt solicitously com-
ments on each character's predicament. "My, but those
oozing pustules must take some getting used to — but you
wear them well, really you do.... Oh dear, were my guards
just a trifle overzealous when they drained your blood?
Perhaps you should have stood up to greet the sun this past
morning and had done with it?" And so on.

After he has dispensed with initial pleasantries (cru-
elly slashing any character who talks back to him across the
face or neck with the back of his spiked glove), Hardestadt
selects the first victim for his interrogation. Hardestadt,
with the other Founders following along curiously, will take
the character toanearby torture chamber for interrogation.

The Storyteller may either conduct each interroga-
tion in full view of the players not participating in the
scene, or separately, away from the others. If she chooses

The Last Supper


the latter option, it is more likely to increase tension
among the nervous players (and their characters), but she
must then be certain that each interrogation does not drag
on for too long lest the waiting players grow restless or
bored. A third possibility is to have players whose charac-
ters have finished their interrogations take on the roles of
the other Founders, and help interrogate the rest of the
characters, as described below

Advanced Interrogation
Techniques

Ifthe Storyteller wishes, and feels her players are up to
the challenge, she may have them take on the roles of
Founders over the course of the interrogation. By doing
this, the players will participate far more actively inascene
in which their own characters are essentially at the mercy
of others. While playing an active part is always more
interesting than sitting around waiting for others to decide
your fate, here the players will have to play individuals who
want to harm or destroy their own characters. Not all
players are willing or able to actively roleplay such a
contradictory part when it is their own characters' fate that
hangs in the balance.

Ifthe Storyteller goes with this option, she should have
Hardestadt choose as his first victim the character whose
player she believes is the most mature roleplayer in her
troupe. She should then roleplay out the interrogation

scene in private with the player. Once Hardestadt has

finished his initial interrogation of the character, the Story
teller should assign one of the other Founder characters to
that player, and explain quickly what the character is like.
The Founder is to help Hardestadt in his interrogations
The Storyteller should then have Hardestadt collect the
next best roleplayer's character for interrogation, and so on.

The interrogations should get more and more interest-
ing as other players take on the Founder roles. When
selecting the order, the Storyteller should be sure to place
anyone who she feels is not an experienced roleplayer in
the middle. That way, the player can get a good feel for
what the others are doing with their temporary Founder
characters, but also gets a chance to participate as a
Founder herself.

Once the initial interrogations are over, and the
Founders are arguing with each other and Durga Syn, the
Storyteller may again want to have the players take on the
role of some or all of the Founders (save Hardestadt)
However, this part of the scene calls for even more ad-
vanced roleplaying as the players are called upon to debate
their characters' fates. The Storyteller should be certain to
hand each playera card or piece of paper with his Founder's
debating style and initial goal (Blood Bonding or death in

most cases) on it. Use the handy Players' Notes on page 62

The Storyteller should also inform the players that they
must follow her instructions if she passes them a note

Act I]: In the Halls of the Dead


during the scene. This way she can still steer the overall
course of the debate should the action begin to get away
from her

Live-Action Notes

This scene makes an excellent live-action piece. Sim-
ply conduct the initial interrogations in separate areas, and
then have your group come together for the final debate
between the Founders and Durga Syn. In order to keep the
action going, the Storyteller may wish to have a different
Narrator in charge of each individual interrogation, so that

there is no lag time while players wait for the Storyteller

portraying Hardestadt to get around to them.

The final debate scene can get quite interesting when
each role (including that of the characters) is being por-
trayed simultaneously. However, the Storyteller should be
certain that all Narrators know what the final outcome of
the debate will be. Of course, the poor player characters

will have to sweat out the argument over their fate...

Individual Interrogations

During each intimate, individual interrog

ation,
Hardestadt will make an effort to determine his subjects'
inner terrors. In order to do so, he will judiciously utilize a
variety of torture implements, all of which are displayed
within the claustrophobic confines of the torture chamber.

Also in the

is a wizened old woman in heavy skirts and shawls. This is

hamber, sitting on a small stool in the corner,

Durga Syn, the ancient Ravnos who as Synovea observed
the characters while they were still naive mortals waiting to
be taken to the Giovanni manse. She sits quietly through-
out, observing all with her preternaturally bright eyes
During the interrogations, Hardestadt vacillates be-
tween a quiet, almost tender questioning style and an
all-out roar. Although his roar is frightening, he inflicts the

most pain on his victims when he is whispering sensually
Other Founders may assist with the interrogation (particu-
larly if the players are taking on their roles), but Hardestadt
is always the chief interrogator.

While interrogating his victims, Hardestadt will de-
mand over and over again to know the details of the
conspirators' plotand the identities of their fellow conspira-
tors. The characters can actually provide Hardestadt with
some names (if they manage to remember anything from the
hellish dinner party); however, they know nothing of the
and can tell
their interrogator little or nothing on this score. They may

conspirators' plot — save that there is one

remember that Giovanni and company conspired against
someone called Japheth Cappadocius, and wanted
Hardestadt to remain ignorant of something unspecified.

Ifa character makes up a story about the details of the
"plot," Durga Syn will casually toss a pair of dice onto the
stone floor, which come up snake eyes, indicating the lie
Hardestadt will immediately fly intoa rage at the character's
effrontery, applying an even greater torture as punishment
for lying.

The Last Supper

Tzimisce Pain

If there is a Tzimisce character in the group, he
was required by Lord Mieczyslav to torture a man
during his harrowing. Hardestadt now brings in the
man that the character was required to torment,
saying, "You tortured one of my spies, witless fool!"
He asks the man, "Is this the vicious dog who
harmed you?" The man says "Yes." If the character
only tortured him when he was Dominated, the man
will add: "He had to be forced to do so." Hardestadt
will dismiss him. However, if the character hurt the
man of his own free will, Hardestadt allows the man
to torture the character.

If the character killed the man, Hardestadt
says, "You tortured one of my spies to death. Would
that I could call up his spirit for vengeance. I shall
take delight in your interrogation." And he does so.

If there is not a Tzimisce in the group, this same
idea can be used for any of the other characters who
was called upon to injure a servant in some way.

Group Interrogation

At the finish of the individual interrogations,
Hardestadt will have all the characters brought into the
torture chamber and chained to the walls. If they have
continued to insist on their innocence, he gruffly asks
Durga Syn: "Old one, what do you make of this rabble
which has provided such poor entertainment this night?"

Durga Syn carefully approaches each character in
turn, clucking and muttering to herself in a language none
of the characters understands. When she reaches the first
character she asks "if the little babe knows aught of the
details of a conspiracy against the Cappadocian? Tell old
Durga Syn true now, tell her true, my dove." Once the
character has answered (probably in the negative), Durga
Syn suddenly lashes out with one twisted fingernail, deeply
scratching the character's hand or cheek. She then scoops
a few drops of blood onto her nail, sniffs, and then dabs a
drop or two of the fluid onto her tongue.

After she repeats this ritual with every character,
Durga Syn turns to Hardestadt and says: "Well, my young
giant, it seems none of your little chicks is a rooster! They
are blank slates, tabulae rasae, knowing nothing of our
world. Why, they don't even have the sense to recognize

that they have been hatched anew — let alone what to do
with their new wings!"

Hardestadt disgustedly tosses a bloody riding crop to
the ground before casually reaching out and drawing a

nearby servant to him for a quick feeding. As the servant

collapses at Hardestadt's feet, the Ventrue sighs wearily.
"Then let's have done with it. Off to the roof with them I
say! Sunrise is only
much yet to accomplish this evening."

few short hours away, and we have

"But Milord Hardestadt," Mistress Fanchon interrupts
smoothly, "I do not believe in wasting resources, even ones
-trifling...as these. I would be happy to Blood Bond
each of these to myself so that they may dousno harm. They

as,

could then serve us, helping to track down their errant sires
who have knowingly broken the Traditions of Caine."

Hardestadt laughs loudly at Mistress Fanchon's sug-
gestion, and several of the other Founders join him. "Do
you think this night's exertions have knocked the brains
from my body, Mistress Fanchon? No, no, you shall not
Blood Bond these neonates to yourself, Tremere. If their
masters come calling for them they could betray us!"

"They are powerful though, Hardestadt. They would
make most excellent slaves," Josef comments, picking
absently at a particularly pustulant wart.

"They are ignorant and could unmask us all," Rafael
says, his voice dripping with disdain. Then he softens,
points to the youngest or most attractive male and says,
"Although I could be persuaded to take this one for asl

e

"Perhaps I could take a few and Blood Bond them to
me! They would be my children, my own dear hearts!"
Camilla chimes in rapturously. "Then | could eat of their
flesh, drink of their marrow, and you shall both be satis-
fied!" She finishes gaily.

After a slight pat the debate begins anew with
Hardestadt, Rafael and Milov arguing for the characters'
deaths. Mistress Fanchon and Josef von Bauren favor

Blood Bonding the neonates, while Adana de Sforza re-
mains undecided and Camilla leaps from one side to the

other of the debate.

The Storyteller should conduct this argument foras long
as the tension builds (it will undoubtedly go on longer if the
players are taking on the Founders' roles). The characters can

interject comments, but none of the Founders will take their

prisoners' feelings into account on this or any other matter.

Ancient Intervention
Just as the debate is reaching a head, and tempers are
really flaring, Durga Syn speaks with a quiet authority that
temporarily silences the room. It goes like this:

Founder 1: "You are a blind fool!"

Founder 2: "You are the fool!"

Founder 1: "I say you are the fool!"

Durga Syn: "Fools all!"

Pause.

"Do not interrupt us, ancient mother," Mistress
Fanchon warns.

"[ warn you not to overreach, Gyp:
"You are here at our forbearance."

y," Hardestadt says.

VingaSymcontinucsundburinds Youwadceveniie
middling opportunities and precious resources God hath
set before you. Do you not see that cowering before you are

»

the perfect spies?

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead


"But they are unknown and undoubtedly weak! They
could turn on us at any time, old one!" Hardestadt scoffs.
"And risk facing the wrath of this newly minted
assemblage of the legions of all the Kindred? They would
Hive to be madder than the conspirators; who are barely
strong enough to stand against you when in hiding."
After a brief pause, Hardestadt continues in a more
reflective vein. "But why would the conspirators even trust

these pathetic creatures? Were I the traitor Claudius
Giovanni, I would strike them down ere they crossed my
threshold."

"What if he does? If they die, they die, and you lose
nothing you would not lose in killing them yourself,"
Durga Syn replies.

"You are mad as a Malkavian!"

"Mayhap I am madder yet. But I have foreseen that
these unworthy fledglings have an important role to play in
our tangled schemes. Behold, an egg newly laid at dawn!"
Durga Syn brings forth a large hen's egg with a flourish

Walking once more down the line of prisoners, Durga
Syn passes the egg over each character's head and bids them
s the
egg open and pours out the contents. Even Hardestadt looks

kiss it. Taking up a small bowl, the Methuselah crac

faintly surprised to see blood spilling from the innocent egg.
"Tam not unskilled in the arts of my people, and I can tell
you that this is a sign that these chicks are meant to play a
part in this long and bloody drama. Just wl
yet to be seen. But they must be allowed to play it!"

that part is, has

Hardestadt and the other Founders look longand hard
at the curdled blood and egg shells in Durga Syn's bowl.
Finally

not been wrong yet, but I do not fully trust you. Still, the

Hardestadt speaks. "Your Gypsy divinations have

hour grows early, and I weary of this. You had best be right
about so crucial a matter, ancient one. So be it. We shall
es their lives, so that they may

allow the craven neona
serve as dogs tracking down those who would break the
Traditions of Caine."

Hardestadt turns to the still-chained characters and
fixes each of them with his chilling gaze as he speaks. "This
evening, the fifth day of April, 1444, I declare Giovanni
and his fellow conspirators anathema! Never more will the
other children of Caine give them succor. They shall be
hunted to the ends of the Earth, and where they are found
they shall be slain in fire for their sacrilege!" He smashes his
armored fist into his mailed hand

"And you shall be our dogs! You shall hunt down your
fathers and mothers, destroying those who unlawfully gave
birth to you. And if youdo not, you shall join your begetters
as anathema, and no devil or god known to Kindred or kine
shall save you from my wrath!"

He turns on his heel and stalks from the room. His
retinue follow him. When they are gone, Durga Syn smiles

and says, "May you justify my faith in you. Return and tell
me of your efforts." She then leaves as well. The room is
empty.

The Last Supper


/

A moment later, Roderigo enters with two servants.
He says "Well done, lads and lasses." He begins to unchain
them. "I'm rather glad he spared you. I feared when I
delivered you to that hellish place that I should never see
you again. Now, let's get you cleaned up."

The servants bring buckets of warm water and fresh
clothing into the cell, and help the characters clean
themselves. They are covered in blood and dirt — unfit
company indeed. Roderigo binds any remaining wounds
and gives the characters new clothes to wear. The clothes
are fit for tradespeople. Nobles in the party will have to
dress down for now, and peasants dress up.

When the characters are clothed, Roderigo leads
them through the catacombs of the castle to a room with
along table. He feeds them human blood from great casks
toslake their ravening Hunger. During this process, he will
answer questions. If the characters do not ask questions, he
begins by saying, "I must tell you what you have become.
You no longer live. You are now among the ranks of the
Damned. You are the walking dead. You have the powers
of Hell at your command, and, unless you are destroyed,
you will continue forever. According to some, you have
forsaken your soul and cannot reach salvation. According
to others...well...the Kindred have many rumors..."

He answers all the standard questions about vampires,
including information on torpor, stakes, Blood Bonding,
sunlight, ghouls, the clans and creating progeny. He knows
nothing of Gehenna or Golconda, or anyresoteric wisdom.
from the Book of Nod. Note that the Camarilla does not
exist yet. He'll say that Hardestadt seeks to create a
confederation of all vampires, to protect against inter-clan
fighting and resist the Inquisition. If asked about himself,
he answers, "I am not undead, and I pray God never to be
one. But I serve them, and live on their blood, which gives
me the strength of the Devil himself. | am content that the
blood does not poison my soul, and that my Savior keeps
me yet."

This is also the point when the characters begin to
realize the strength of their new powers. If the players have
notalready assigned points to their Disciplines, they should
do so now.

After Roderigo finishes telling the characters what it
is to walk the Earth as one of the Kindred, he invites them
to sleep through the approaching day in a large, under-
ground common room filled with cots. He makes sure the
characters are tucked in and says, "We can talk more
tomorrow evening. Sleep now, and I pray it be the un-
troubled sleep of the angels."

Any character who tries to sneak out will have to face
ghoul guards who rouse the Founders.

Durga Syn's Egg
Theatrical Storytellers can easily add drama to
Durga Syn's mysterious prophesies by taking a little

bit of time before the gaming session to create a

"bloody egg" of their own. When Durga Syn passes
the egg over the characters' heads, the Storyteller
takes an egg from a small basket she places on the
table, passing it over her players' heads and cracking
itopen just as Durga Syn finishes her prophesying. As
the bloody fluid spills out into the bowl, the Story-
teller can enjoy her players' shock. Of course, this
effect works even better when this scene is done as a
live-action event.

In order to make the "bloody egg," the Story-
teller needs to obtain a few large eggs and some red
dye, fake blood or tomato juice. Carefully poke a hole
in the large end of the egg wide enough to allow you
to pierce in the yolk and pour a large amount of red
food color (the kind used to dye Easter eggs) into the
egg. Once you have squirted in a fair amount, place
a bit of white tape over the hole, painting the tape
with typewriter correcting fluid if necessary to hide
your handiwork.

If you want to go all out on this trick, you must
remove at least the egg whites (and perhaps the yolk
as well) from the egg. You can do this by pokinga tiny
hole in the small end of the egg with a needle. Make
aslightly larger hole in the wide end and, holding the
egg over asink or bowl, blow into the small hole. This
forces the white out the larger hole at the opposite
end. Once you have some space inside, put a scrap of
white tape over the small hole and turn the egg over.
Wiping the large end clean, take an oral syringe or
eye dropper and fill it with tomato juice or fake blood
(you may have to carefully widen the hole todo this).
Carefully drip or squeeze the "blood" into the egg
until itis full, then cover the hole with white tape and
use typewriter correction fluid to cover the tape.

You'll probably have to practice this several
times before you get it right, and be certain to check
the effect of a prepared egg before "show time." If
possible, only bring one prepared egg in the basket.
That way ifone of the characters wants to break open
another egg and catch Durga Syn (and you!) at her
trick they won't be able to do so. If you make certain
to have the large end of the prepared egg facing you
during the game, you should be able to tell which one
to grab,

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead


The Founders

The following Founders are the Kindred who capture
the characters at the Giovanni manse, and then partici-
pate in their interrogation at Castle Deverick. Although
other Founders are working to establish a vampiric organi-
zation, these are the ones placed in charge of stopping the
conspiracy against Japheth Cappadocius.

Each Founder's debating style and initial position on
the characters' fates is also given. If the Storyteller chooses
to have the players take on the roles of some of the
Founders during the interrogation, be sure to give each
player a card with their Founder's initial position and
debating style written on it.

Hardestadt

Clan: Ventrue

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 947 (born 904)

Apparent Age: Early 40s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 6, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 6, Ride 5, Security 2, Stealth 3,
Torture 3

Knowledges: History 2, Kindred Lore 4, Law 4, Linguistics 4,
Literature 5, Occult 2, Politics 6

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4,
Potence 4, Presence 5, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 7, Contacts 6, Elder Status 5, Herd 5,
Influence 4, Military Force 4, Resources 6, Retainers 7
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 2

Willpower: 9

Image: A tall, strapping man with dark hair and intense
eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an arrogant man who accords
others the respect due their station in life. Of course,
almost all others are far beneath your vaunted status, and
you treat them accordingly. Your manner tends to vacillate
from one extreme to another, from quiet politeness to
raging insults, from tender questions to vicious threats.

Adana de Sforza
Clan: Brujah
Generation: 5th
Embrace: 1093 (born 1068)
Apparent Age: Mid-20s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 6, Carousing 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 5, Seduction 3, Streetwise 3, Style 4
Skills: Blind Fighting 2, Dancing 3, Melee 5, Music 2, Ride 2,
Stealth 3, Torture 2
Knowledges: Clan Knowledge 3, Kindred Lore 2, Politics 4
Disciplines: Celerity 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Obfus-
cate 1, Potence 5, Presence 4, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Elder Status 1, Herd 3,
Influence 3, Military Force 2, Resources 4, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 4
Willpower: 8
Image: A petite, blonde woman with narrow blue eyes and
sharp features.
Roleplaying Hints: Change is necessary in all things, and
you are most decidedly a force for change in the world.
However, you do not believe change need be blind. You
often test others by offering up radical statements of all
kinds, listening to their reactions with interest. Sometimes
you will even go so far as to subtly encourage them to take
a position with which you disagree, just so that you can
appear the dissenter.

Milovy Petrenkoy
Clan: Gangrel
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 974 (born 948
Apparent Age: Mid-20s
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 6, Brawl 7, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Mimicry 2, Scan 3, Swimming 2
Skills: Animal Ken 6, Animal Training 4, Blind Fighting 2,
Herbalism 2, Melee 3, Survival 6
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Carpathian Mountains) 4,
Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 5, Lupine Lore 3
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 1, Celerity 5, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 2, Presence 3, Protean 6
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Elder Status 1, Status 4

The Last Supper


Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Notes: His sixth level of Protean allows him to make his
skin as hard as marble, halving the damage he takes in
combat.

Image: A slim, dark young man with shaggy brown hair
and wide, innocent brown eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a very quiet person — the very
image of contained power. Your large eyes take in every
movement and sound, and you often recognize far more
than others give you credit for. Your world is divided
neatly: you are one of the hunters, a vampire, and all other
creatures are your rightful prey.

Camilla Banes
Clan: Malkavian
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1063 (born 1029)
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 6, In-
timidation 2, Intrigue 3, Mimicry 2, Subterfuge 3,
Ventriloquism 4
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Debate 2, Dancirlg 2, Etiquette 2,
Melee 1, Ride 3, Sleight of Hand 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Occult 3, Faerie Lore 3, Kindred
Lore 6, Literature 3, Naturalist 1, Toxicology 3
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 2, Dominate 5, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 5, Presence 4, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Elder Status 1, Herd 3,
Retainers 2, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 5
Willpower: 8
Derangements: Perfectionism, dual personalities (one
mothering, the other sadistic).
Notes: Her sixth level of Auspex allows her small glimpses
of the future.
Image: An exceedingly tall, rosy-cheeked woman with
glittering, dreamy eyes.
Roleplaying Hints: You are by turns beatifically nurturing
and violently cruel. A constant stream of images pours
through your head: some of you brushing out your children's
hair and playing gently with them, others of you taking
that same brush and smashing it again and again into their
bloody bodies. Both images fill you with horror and glee.
This distracting drama often causes you to make strange,
seemingly non-sensical statements to others.

Josef von Bauren
Clan: Nosferatu
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1006 (born 943)
Apparent Age: Early 60s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 3, Empathy 3,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Blind Fighting 4, Debate 3, Medita-
tion 3, Melee 4, Stealth 6

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 3, Occult 3, Sewer Lore 4
Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 2, Obfuscate 6, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Elder Status 2, Influ-
ence 5, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: His extra level of Obfuscate lets him hide large
inanimate objects.

Image: A stooped, wizened man, no more than four-foot-
nine in height with huge, suppurating warts covering most
of his skin.

Roleplaying Hints: You never speak in haste, always
weighing options before speaking your mind at crucial
moments in debates. Your words always carry weight.
Above all else, you hate wasting resources, be they gold,
Kindred or kine.

Rafael de Corazon
Clan: Toreador
Generation: 5th
Embrace: 1182 (born 1154)
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Diplomacy 4,
Dodge 3, Intrigue 3, Public Speaking 4, Subterfuge 2,
Seduction 4, Style 6
Skills: Dancing 2, Etiquette 4, Fast Talk 3, Melee 3,
Singing 6, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Art History 7, Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 2,
Literature 3, Occult 4, Politics 1, Theology 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 2,
Presence 5
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Elder Status 1, Influ-
ence 6, Resources 4, Retainers 5, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead


Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Derangement: Obsessive vanity

Notes: For more information on Rafael de Corazon, see
Who's Who Among Vampires: Children of the Inquisi-
tion.

Image: A gorgeous, medium-boned man witha mellifluous
voice.

Roleplaying Hints: Although your beauty isradiant enough
to make other Kindred forget the lost sun, your manner is
cold and calculating. However, you are eloquent and adept
at influencing others when you so desire. You surround
yourself with lesser beauty, but as you are exceedingly vain
you loathe the few things and people more beautiful than
yourself,

Mistress Fanchon

Clan: Tremere

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1223 (born 1186)

Apparent Age: Late 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 2, Dodge 2,
Instruction 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Dancing 2, Etiquette 2, Falconry 3, Melee 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Alchemy 6, Astronomy 5, Kindred Lore 3,
History 4, Naturalist 2, Theology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 3,
Thaumaturgy 6 (Movement of the Mind 5, Lure of Flames 5,
Weather Control 3)

Backgrounds: Influence 4, Resources 3, Retainers 5, Sta-
tus 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Image: A handsome, middle-aged woman with very long,
dark hair and bright green eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: You shower the world with your golden
words and clever rhetoric. Your words form an oft-mesmer-
izing shield, which few are skilled enough to penetrate. In
contrast to your sparkling conversation, your movements
are languid. You aim for control in all things, and you
usually succeed,

Player Notes

These can be copied onto index cards for the players'
use if they are taking on the roles of Founders in the debate.

Hardestadt: A tall, strapping man with dark hair and
intense eyes. Ventrue. Hardestadt believes the characters
should be put to death at sunrise. He usually attempts to use
his strength of will and conviction to bluster through a
debate.

Adana de Sforza: A petite, blonde woman with
narrow blue eyes and sharp features. Brujah. Adana has
mixed feelings on the characters' fates. She appreciates the
desire to rebel, but believes the conspirators have per-
formed poorly. Adana prefers to throw a number of verbal
gambits into the debate ring and see who seizes which of
her ideas. Once she has determined how most of her fellow
debaters feel, she usually chooses the opposing stance.

Camilla Banes: An exceedingly tall, rosy-cheeked
woman with glittering, dreamy eyes. Malkavian. Camilla
continually fluctuates between a desire to slowly strip the
characters' flesh from their yet-living bones, and the wish
to Blood Bond them all to her bosom where she can treat
them as her children. Camilla has no debating style per se,
instead conducting her own internal conflict.

Josef von Bauren: A stooped, wizened man, no more
than four-foot-nine in height, with huge, suppurating
warts covering most of his skin. Nosferatu. Josef would like
to Blood Bond the characters if there is a way to do so that
will not jeopardize the possibility of a unified vampiric
group (the future Camarilla). Josef is a quiet man who
always waits until a crucial point in the debate to speak his
mind, nudging the argument towards his desired outcome.

Miloy Petrenkov: A slim young man with shaggy
brown hair and wide, innocent brown eyes. Gangrel.
Milov strongly prefers to release the neonates this evening,
then hunt them down and kill them in the time-honored
fashion. He is a blunt-spoken young man, who expresses
himself most elegantly through his body language.

Rafael de Corazon: A gorgeous, medium-boned man
with a mellifluous voice. Toreador. Rafael is in favor of
killing the characters and having done with them. He
believes they are too dangerous to allow to roam about free.
The likelihood that they are unwitting dupes is of no
concern to him. Rafael speaks eloquently and wittily in
debate, using his gorgeous looks to devastating advantage
on anyone swayed by such considerations.

Mistress Fanchon: A handsome, middle-aged woman
with very long, dark hair and bright green eyes. Tremere.
Mistress Fanchon believes that the characters should all be
Blood Bound, in particular to her. After all, as a Tremere
she is an expert. Mistress Fanchon uses a circular and
convoluted debating style, attempting to confuse her op-
ponent with all manner of verbal trickery.

The Last Supper


Scene 2:
We Are the
Revolution

The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it
— Abbie Hoffman, attributed

Marching Orders

The following evening, Roderigo summons the char-
acters and brings them to Hardestadt, who waits for them
in a room filled with military maps marked with trade
routes and vampiric boundaries.

The Ventrue tells the neonates his plans for them
"You are puny, immature and naive. However, there is
little we can do about these most unattractive qualities. I
shall therefore aid you immeasurably in your hunt for the
conspirators. Listen closely, for | become. .choleric...when
1 am forced to repeat myself.

"Claudius and his Conspiracy of Isaac meet in any
number of places, huddling together to plot and scheme
like the scofflaws and vagabonds they are. They think they
are safe in their little havens, because they are so adept at
scurrying away like rats when their betters come calling,"
Hardestadt continues. "Yet, like rats, they seldom fear
their own."

Hardestadt pauses to look at the characters and take a
sip of blood from the nearest servant before continuing.
"Therefore, you shall present yourselves to the anathema
at the Inn of the Lion, where my sources say they often
cower after being routed from more comfortable nests.

"Do not attempta frontal assault on the anathema, for
you have no hope of destroying them. Instead, sue for
peace. Present yourselves to them, and beg they take you
back. Tell the vile traitors that you escaped from my
clutches by overcoming Roderigo. Bring him with you as

proof and say he is Dominated by you, but do not let them
kill him for betraying them. Tell the conspirators that you
found them by asking Roderigo to take you to all the places
where he had seen them.

"Watch and learn all you can. Find out when they
intend to attack Japheth and tell me. And if you can,
destroy them, one by one. This will remove the burden
your unlawful sires placed upon you at the moment of your
rebirths."

If the characters ask Hardestadt why he and the other
Founders do not merely raid the inn and destroy their foes,
he snaps: "Fools! Do you think I could not catch them if I
wished? Do you think Claudius and his fellow rats have
escape routes I cannot block? | allowed them to slink away,
tails between their legs. It is not enough to wreak righteous

Act II: In the Halls of the Dead


retribution upon them. I must prove their guilt, and dem-
onstrate the need to band together against such renegade
Kindred. But I have said too much. All you need know is
that I must catch them bloody-handed trying to kill their
Cainite betters."

If they ask why he attacked the conspirators at the
Giovanni manse, when they were clearly not "killing their
Cainite betters," Hardestadt rages, "I need not explain
myself to you." But then he scowls and adds, "Sometimes
my spy is not very well informed. Sometimes I think she is
— but no matter. This is not for your ears."

Raiael's Admonition

Once Hardestadt tells the characters how to reach the
inn where he believes the conspirators may be hiding, he
tells Roderigo to take them away. "Deliver these serpent
childer of the anathema unto the bosom of their family."
Before Roderigo can do so, however, Rafael steps up and
whispers in the Ventrue lord's ear. After a moment,
Hardestadt grunts, nods and leans back against an ancient
rack, boredom on his craggy face.

Rafael smiles beatifically at the characters and begins
to address them. The Toreador tells them about the Mas-
querade, an idea of Rafael's that almost all Kindred now
uphold. He admonishes the characters in his soft, beautiful
voice to keep the Masquerade at all costs. "Humans fear
what they don't understand, and they will now fear you.
Priests. ..priests, who are supposed to be the embodiment
of Christian love and charity, will spit upon you. They will
consign you to the fires of Hell merely for existing. Even if
you were the noblest soul since our Savior they would
destroy you, even as the Romans destroyed Him. So take
care, younglings. If it was only your survival that hung in
the balance, then I am certain Hardestadt would not care
if you flaunted your natures."

Rafael pauses as Hardestadt snorts derisively. He then
finishes his little speech: "However, it is the survival of all
the Kindred that depends on you. We all must uphold the
Masquerade, lest we all fall to the Inquisition's flames. No
Kindred, not even the anathema, will applaud you for
bringing the Inquisition down on them."

The Founders now give the characters an opportunity
to feed from the servants, something which may feel
awkward, since they have never fed from living vessels
before. Should any of the characters grow too entranced by
her bloodlust, the Founders will make certain to stop the
feeding before she wastes a good servant.

A Final Assigament

As the characters are preparing to leave, Hardestadt
approaches them once more. The other Founders are con-
versing animatedly a little apart from Hardestadt and the
party. While servants place traveling cloaks on the charac-
ters' shoulders, Hardestadt tells them that they should be

certain that one of the first conspirators they slay is Lady
Jadviga Almanov. He insists that Lady Jadviga is a very
dangerous woman, and that the characters very well may
not succeed in their task should they not soon destroy her.

As Hardestadt well knows, Lady Jadviga is the agent
who has been leaking information (including the location
of the inn) to the Ventrue. However, Hardestadt now feels
that she has given him as much information as he needs to
destroy the conspirators. He does not want to share the
glory that bringing the anathema to ground will bring him
among the Ventrue, especially since Lady Jadviga is due to
receive the greatest share of that glory. After all, she is the
one risking herself nightly, while Hardestadt has so far
merely served as a clean-up man. Thus, he feels it would be
best if Lady Jadviga suffered an unfortunate death "due to
her own incompetence," allowing him to win the day
despite Lady Jadviga's appalling mistake.

Once Hardestadt finishes his instructions, the charac-
ters are free to head off into the early evening air. The
Founders provide the characters with horses and a carriage,
driven by Roderigo. He says, "Well met, my lads and lasses;
shall we go?"

The Welcome

As the coach rumbles through the night, the party
finds the way blocked by a fallen tree just a quarter-mile
from the inn. As Roderigo stops the carriage, six brigands
leap from the woods, brandishing swords. "Stand and
deliver!" they shout, charging toward the carriage.

The brigands should be no match for the well-fed and
healed neonates, and will likely fall quickly. If any charac-
ters stealthily went ahead on point, they could easily have
found the ambush before the carriage reached it. If they
search the brigand camp, they find dozens of oil-soaked
torches and stakes.

On interrogation, the brigands admit they were hired
by astranger to attack the carriage. The stranger told them
to use the torches and burn or impale any travelers, but
they feared the fire would alert the ambush and ruin any
silks in the treasure. The brigands describe the man who.
hired them as a nobleman with a scar along the right side
of his face. They did not follow his orders because he would
not pay them in advance.

‘The characters must decide what to do with any living
brigands. They can bring them to the local sheriff, release
them or simply kill them. If they take the brigands to the
inn, though, they can confront Lothar with them.

Hospitality

When the characters finally arrive, they find a large
stone structure more reminiscent of a small manse than an
inn. However, a large sign reading "Inn of the Lion,
established 1378" assures the party that this is indeed their
destination.

The Last Supper


A vaguely unstable-looking wooden barn stands against
the inn's western wall. Several stablehands move listlessly
back and forth between a nearby well and the barn. The
characters may leave their horses with the stablehands
when they enter the inn.

The inn's interior is poorly lit by small fires burning in
immense fireplaces on either side of the gigantic hallway
serving as the common room. A number of large, dark
trestle tables rest on the fresh reeds and straw scattered
across the broad stones of the floor. Small tallow candles
burn fitfully on a few of the tables.

The only persons immediately visible inside are a
young serving girl spreading new straw on the floor, and an
elderly man working at a desk placed so as to take full
advantage of the weak light filtering through the high
windows. The old man is Geppen, the innkeeper, and the
young girl is his granddaughter, Megan. Geppen's widowed
son, Alban, also helps run the inn, but he is currently on a
trip to pick up supplies in the nearby town.

As soon as the characters enter, Geppen looks up,
then quickly glances at one of the empty tables before
turning back to his work without greeting the characters
Both he and Megan are thoroughly conditioned to the
orders of Lord Giovanni and the rest of the conspirators.
Geppen is Dominated by Claudius himself. If the charac-
ters attempt to talk to Geppen he will ignore them.

Megan will also ignore any of the characters' conver-
sational gambits, although she will accept candy or any

other treat offered. She is a sweet-faced girl with dark
blonde hair and large brown eyes, and currently a favorite
of Sire Wenceslas. He has already drained her blood
veral times, and is currently toying with the idea of

making her one of his ghouls, so that she might entertain

him in this pretty 10-year-old form fora long time tocome.

The Lord Appears

Unless one of the characters attempts to see Obfus-

"alone" in the common

cated beings, they find themselves
room with the two kine for a few minutes. Once Claudius
believes the tension has mounted sufficiently he will
unmask himself, seated calmly at one of the long trestle
tables in the center of the room. One by one the other
conspirators show themselves: those Obfuscating appear
seated at various tables while the rest step out from behind
curtains, or wherever else they secreted themselves.

Chuckling maliciously, Claudius asks the neonates to
"Please take seats, that we may discuss like civilized folk
whatever business you have with the Conspiracy of Isaac."

Claudius and the rest of the conspirators will brook no
poor behavior on the part of the characters. Should the
characters be rash enough to attack the conspirators, the
anathema should have little trouble beating their progeny
into submission.

Once the characters sit down at the table, Claudius
will ask them how they have fared since last the two groups
met. As the characters talk, their particular sires move

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead


close to their new progeny, treating them with remarkable
solicitude. Since the characters are now Kindred, and
indeed are their childer, Claudius and his fellow conspira-
tors wish to cajole them into helping them in their plot
against Cappadocius. The characters should notice the
radical difference in the way the elders treat them now that
they are Kindred.

The conversation between the members of the Con-
spiracy of Isaac and the characters may run along a number
of lines. However, unbeknownst to the characters, the
conspirators had a hasty conference when Lothar returned
after the bandit skirmish to report that the characters were
headed towards the inn. At that time the vampires decided
that they would use the characters' timely arrival to their
advantage.

The Plot

Claudius does not deny plotting to destroy Japeth
Cappadocius. He explains that he recently decided that
the best way to attack Japheth and his hangers-on is to
arrange a meeting with the powerful Cappadocian ata time
and place of Claudius' choosing. Once there, he believes
he can get Japheth to drop his guard long enough for to be
successfully attacked and destroyed. Claudius considers
giving the characters the opportunity to deliver his missive
to Japheth to be the perfect test of loyalty. If the characters
prove untrustworthy, little is lost since Japheth is unlikely
to believe the word of neonate outsiders — coerced by the
Founders — over the word of a member of his own clan
(even Claudius).

When the characters ask of Japheth's crime, the
conspirators sadly tell the neonates that Japheth
Cappadocius is lost to a terrible madness. Claudius, a high-
ranking member of the Cappadocian clan himself, now
feels it is his duty to destroy Japheth before his sickness
destroys the rest. "That is why I have agreed to be the 13th
in our unholy cabal, and plot against Japheth. I know I shall
become anathema to some, but Japheth must be stopped.
He literally believes he can become God on Earth. His
madness must be checked before it can do great harm."

If the characters ask for details, Claudius says, "His
mind continually grasps for things beyond our ken, for
concepts God does not mean us to contemplate. I believe
it is for his hubris that God has punished him. I am afraid
that Japheth's blasphemous ideas have progressed to such
apoint that he believes the Cappadocians can rise o'er our
Lord God himself to rule the heavens," he finishes breath-
lessly.

"We few here tonight are but a small number of the
Kindred who understand that at times you must stand
against the tide in order to do what is best for all. Our eyes
are open. God is on our side, and we shall not fail."

The Appeal for Loyalty

The conspirators attempt to secure the characters'
loyalty with anumber of other ploysas well. Each character's
sire will speak to him of the importance of the childe-sire
bond in the world of the Kindred. Claudius nods sagely
during these lectures and admonitions, murmuring, "Even
the so-called Founders must agree that this bond is sacro-
sanct. If they truly hold the Traditions of Caine dear, how
could they begrudge any childe his duty, his right, to serve
his sire?"

If these arguments do not seem to sway the characters
towards the conspirators' viewpoint, Claudius will speak to
them of power and greed. He holds forth a carrot to the
neonates: "Once we have excised the disease, Japheth,
from the Cappadocian clan, I shall wield great power
among Kindred and kine alike. My family contains power-
ful vampires, skilled necromancers, and the shrewdest
businessmen in Venice. Any who bask within my favor
shall surely reap great reward. No one, certainly not the so-
called Founders, shall be able to do my favored ones harm."

Giovanni pauses before continuing: "I should like to
count you among my favored ones. Of course, those upon
whom I and my family frown shall undoubtedly perish in
unimaginable pain and ignominy. I am certain you have
heard whispered tales of the powers that necromancy
grants the skilled practitioner? Of how she can twist the
soul and anchor it forever, bleeding and screaming, to this
mortal coil? Folk tales are so often true! We can do that,
and more, to any who earn our wrath." Giovanni's eyes
narrow as he speaks, until they are no more than slits. Fire
dances in his pupils as he finishes in a low growl: "You have
dominion over your own immortal souls. Choose wisely,
childer. Your time of trials is nigh, and I would not have you
found wanting."

The Message

Once the conspirators have finished their arguments,
Claudius asks the characters to take a message to Japheth
at the Cappadocian monastery. The note asks Japheth to
meet with a contrite and heart-sore Claudius, who claims
to be in the throes of a crisis of conscience. Conducting his
family's business dealings no longer excites him; color and
meaning have left his life. Knowing how wise Japheth is in
matters spiritual, Claudius craves audience with his clan
brother to speak at length about his immortal soul.

If the characters readily agree, Claudius will smile on
them and offer them a small token of his affections (a
golden watch, ora flagon of sweet blood). If they refuse the
mission, the conspirators will quickly become hostile,
reminding the characters that their unlives are still very
fragile things. However, the characters likely will accept,
whether in hopes of earning their sires' favor, or to gain
Claudius' confidence.

The Last Supper


The Return of Paul

If the characters helped Paul get his soldiering
job, he did not die at the Giovanni manse. He is
beaten butalive, and the Storyteller can reintroduce
him at her convenience and in a manner that is
natural to the story.

For example, if the characters go back to the
Red Lamb Inn, or even to Giovanni's manor, they
can find him trying to heal. A dose of vampiric blood
would cure his wounds, and even help his crippled
leg. He trusts the characters more than any other
person, and will willingly serve them as a ghoul.

Once the characters agree to take the message to
Japheth, Claudius gives them directions to the Monastery
of St. Timothy, half a night's journey distant. If Claudius
is pleased with the characters' attitude, he asks if they
would like to spend the day at the inn before traveling to
the monastery. The characters are free to accept or refuse
this offer as they see fit.

Stealth Attack

It is possible that the characters will succeed in a
stealth attack on a single conspirator. If they do, and they
get away with it, reduce the number of conspirators by that
one. However, if they attack Jadviga or Claudius, the
vampire is able to escape without dying.

Hardestadt

If they accept Lord Giovanni's offer, the characters
can return to Hardestadt with the message or go on to
Cappadocius. If they go to Hardestadt, he is positively
gleeful. He rubs his armored hands together, saying, "This
shall be the proof to the Cappadocian clan that they must
join us. It will be proof to all!" He dispatches them to take
the message to Cappadocius.

Scene 3:
Visitation
Every time that I think of the crucifixion of Christ, I

commit the sin of envy
— Simone Weil, Waiting on God

Brother Clement's Ambush

When the characters draw within an hour's ride of the
monastery, they are attacked by Brother Clement and six
holy templars. They have set a pit trap in the road that
catches the carriage wheel, which must be lifted out to
continue the journey.

Act II: In the Halls of the Dead

65


When the carriage rumbles to a stop, the templars
begin firing lighted arrows into the coach. As the charac-
ters spill out, the templars hurl "Goliath slayers:" rags
dipped in holy water and wrapped around stones. They
swing these over their heads like sling bolts, and release
them toward the vampires. If they score a hit, the damage
is aggravated.

Brother Clement screams, "I warned ye! | told ye to
shun the lands of the dead! Now ye have partaken of their
evil! Ye would not heed the voice of the righteous! And
now ye are damned!"

The templars are fanatic, and fight to the death. Their
blood courses with holy water and anyone who attempts to
feed from them will suffer one Health Level of damage for
every Blood Point taken. If the characters manage to take
one of them alive for questioning, he can be forced to
reveal that they work for the Inquisition and received their
training in Rome. He does not know that the Monastery of
St. Timothy is run by vampires.

It is quite possible many of the vampires will be badly
injured by this encounter. If they are all subdued, they
awaken in the monastery, their wounds bound, and are
taken to Japheth.

The Clan of Death

The Monastery of St. Timothy sits amidst a beautiful
garden that looks lush even at night. All the colorful buds
are silver and white in the moonlight. The air is heady with
the scent of healing herbs and flowers. Solemn in the midst
of the flora, the modest building is silent at night, except
for the sound of crickets, and dark save for a few candles.
As the characters approach the still monastery, they hear
deep voices raised in reverent chant.

There are a dozen monks in the inner courtyard
engaged in nocturnal prayer. If the characters ask to see
Japheth, a young monk will beckon them to follow him. He
leads them into the monastery and down stone stairs to the
catacombs below. The characters pass rows of coffin slots
in the walls.

They reach the lowest level of the monastery and are
ushered into a room that is lit with a warm glow that does
not seem to originate from any single point. There are no
tapers or fire. In the center of the room isan altar ona raised
dais. At the far end are three chairs. The chair in the center
is empty, as is that to its left. Seated in the chair on the right
is a very tall, thin man in a monk's robe and tonsure.

The tall man rises and says, "lam Japheth Cappadocius,
foremost son of the great Cappadocius, abbot of the mon-
astery of the martyred St. Timothy." If the characters are
wounded, he has his monks bind their wounds.

If the characters announce the plot against Japheth's
life and reveal the matters they witnessed, Japheth says,
"Those are grave charges. I warn you, the Lord's penalties
for false witness are severe. | shall commune with my

The Templars

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Leadership 1,
Throwing 2

Skills: Etiquette 1, Falconry 3, Melee 3, Ride 3,
Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Occult 1, Theology 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 5

Notes: Slings have a difficulty of 7 to hit, a base
damage pool of 1, a range in yards of the character's
Strength multiplied by four, and can be used every
turn. The holy water means their damage is aggra-
vated against vampires. The templars are also armed
with swords and wear armor, which gives them three

extra soak dice but reduces their effective Dexterity
by 1.

father." Ifthe characters deliver Claudius's message, Japheth
does not look pleased. He frowns and says, "I must seek
wisdom. I shall commune with my father." His eyes roll
upwards, and the glow in the room grows brighter. Japheth
orders the characters to bring Claudius to him a week
hence, then tells them that his father wishes to speak with
them directly.

Clan Founder

A glow emanates from the center chair. A man with
a long beard and hair appears as a luminous, translucent
presence. He is wearing a white monk's robe and a beatific
smile. While he seems to be sitting down, characters can
make a Perception + Occult roll (difficulty 8) to notice
that he is floating less than an inch above the chair. He
speaks in a strong but gentle voice.

"Welcome, my children. | am he who was once
Cappadocius. I am Son of all Kindred. Unburden your
hearts unto me."

After they tell their tale (whichever one they have
chosen), Cappadocius says, "To understand these things
requires a wisdom beyond that which you possess. You
need the teachings of the Book of Nod. To possess wisdom
is to have life beyond life; to lack it is to perish even in life.
Do you wish this wisdom?"

If they say no, Cappadocius replies, "Many turn from
the Word. It is the most difficult path. Go forth from here."
He fades away. Japheth will escort them from the monas-
tery. Go on to Act III.

The Last Supper


However, if the characters earnestly ask to hear his
advice, Cappadocius says, "This then do: return to those
very templars who attacked you. Forgive them and bless
them. When you have done as! say, return to me, and you
shall become wise." Go to "Return to the Ambush."

If the characters did not kill any of the templars,
Cappadocius instead says, "As you showed mercy unto
your enemies, you have proved worthy of wisdom. You
shall learn." Use The Lesson section below.

Return to the Ambush

When the characters return to the ambush site, they
find it as they left it, with dead bodies scattered every-
where. If the characters do not forgive and bless the dead,
nothing happens, and Cappadocius will know it. If the
characters make an earnest effort to bless and forgive them,
the dead begin to stir. Their wounds close, and they arise.
They all appear to have been struck mute by the experi-
ence, and do not take up arms again. If the characters bring
them to the monastery, the monks will take them to help
with their rehabilitation. If the characters leave them, the
monks will go get them. Either way, the characters will see
the templars and Brother Clement working at the monas-
tery in their visit a week later. What they will never realize
is that the templars have become zombies.

The Lesson

When the characters return (or if they did not kill the
templars), Cappadocius receives them and says, "Because
you have harkened, you shall hear." He sits them at his feet
and begins:

"There is an old Malkavian tale. ‘When I made a
sacrifice of plants and fed upon them, I rose above them to
become lord over plants, and like unto a god. When I made
asacrifice of animals and fed upon them, | rose above them
to become lord over animals, and like unto a god. When |
made a sacrifice of men, and fed upon them, I rose above
them, to become lord over men, and like unto a god.' The
Malkavians know more of these vital matters than the
other clans. They understand that spirit has risen from
plants to animals to man to Kindred. We are not accursed
by God. We are blessed with life everlasting.

"You know that our Saviour did say ‘He that eateth my
flesh, and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me, and I in him.'
and ‘Whoso eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath
eternal life; and I will raise him up at the last day.' But did
ye also know that the Gospel of St. Luke says of our
Saviour, ‘And being in an agony he prayed more earnestly:
and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling
down to the ground.' Blood for sweat, as ye have blood for
sweat. What make ye of these portents?"

Act II: In the Halls of the Dead


68

If the characters conclude that perhaps the Saviour
was a vampire, Cappadocius corrects them. "Our Saviour
was far more than man or Kindred. But we Kindred are a
step on the path. We are not Damned. We are a step closer
to God through Caine. God's redemption is even for such
as us. But we needs must have our own sacrificial lamb of
God, to redeem the blood of all Kindred."

If the characters ask if he intends to be that martyr,
Cappadocius says, "Our Saviour said, ‘I am the bread of life:
he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that
believeth on me shall never thirst.' I shall come to Him,
believe in Him, consume Him and become Him. As
Kindred feed on man, I shall make a sacrifice of God and
feed upon Him, to rise above Kindred. I shall become Lord
over all. Just as | had to die to become Kindred, so must I
die to become God. I must die to my current state, as | once
died to humanity. My "death" must be a crucifixion — my
consumption of God must be a sacrament. It must be a
perfect act, a pure act of sacrifice for the good of all, even
my enemies."

If the characters ask who those enemies are, or if there
is to be a Judas in Claudius Giovanni, Cappadocius says, "I
do that which God intends." Japheth looks pained through-
out this discussion.

Cappadocius finishes, "We are the clan of life after
death, Life beyond death. Death not as an end, but as a
beginning, and I am to become the ferryman of souls. Let
them that have ears hear. Let them that have minds
understand. And let them that have souls know. Amen. I
bid thee farewell." He fades away.

Japheth is visibly shaken by the event. If the charac-
ters ask him about it, he is not very forthcoming, but will
allow that he heard more of his father's plans than he ever
heard before. "Be exceedingly glad," he says. "My father
rarely appears before us, almost never to other clans, and
never to fledglings. Ye are truly blessed."

Ifthe characters ask further questions about the merger
with the Giovanni, Japheth will stop short of saying his
father was wrong, but makes it clear that he finds it
disturbing. "We need to focus on matters of the spirit, not
of usury and greed. The moneychangers have entered the
temple. We have taken tax collectors into our bosom." If
the characters point out that Jesus accepted tax collectors,
Japheth scowls and does not reply, rhetorically beaten.
Should they ask if he intends to drive the moneychangers
from the temple, metaphorically speaking, Japheth says, "I
shall do as my father bids."

The Last Supper

|


Wrapping Up Acti

The characters can return to Claudius to announce
that Cappadocius will have audience with them. If they do,
Giovanni will take them with him. They can also return to
Hardestadt, and tell him. They have a week to make their
plans.

Home Away from Home

The characters are strangers in a land that is now far
stranger than it was in their mortal lives. They have no
home, and no friends. They may try to return to their old
homes for another look at their loved ones. This is danger-
ous, since anything more than a glance from afar invites
the kind of questions that can lead to the Inquisition. Also,
straying too far from the monastery can cause the charac-
ters to miss Giovanni's attack. That would bring about the
default ending, causing a massive Blood Hunt called on the
characters and a highly unsatisfying end to the game (and
characters).

A larger problem looms, and that is how to remain safe
during the dangerous hours of daylight. The characters can
barricade themselves in the carriage, but that is risky. They

can go into torpor. The best solution is to find a small
settlement with lots of underground storage rooms, and no
Inquisitors about. Roderigo can look after them, and any
other ghouls they create can help as well. If they return to
the Red Lamb Inn they will possibly find Paul, as explained
in ActIl, Scene 2, and he will be loyal to them without any
coercion.

The Decision

Act Il ends with the characters on their own and with
the freedom to make some big choices. They must decide
which side they support, and they must make this decision
without clear direction from the Storyteller. They know
that the decision is important, but they are probably
unclear on which is the choice sanctioned by this story. Of
course, if they are sure they know what the "correct" choice
is, that's even more amusing. If they are on their toes, they
have realized that there is no one right answer.

The path to ultimate victory is not clearly spelled out
from the story, because there is no such thing: just actions
and consequences. This may leave some players flounder-
ing, but others will be excited and energized by all the
possibilities.

Act Il: In the Halls of the Dead



Act fll:
The Choice

Round and round the spirit tumbles,
With half a chance it still believes
That cities fall but minds don't follow
And goodness hides up someone's sleeve ...
And what will be our secret beacon?
With only time to only try
To search our hearts for what's been taken,
While leaders eye their conquered sky.
And stomachs roll while church bells toll the crime.
The rose is crushed, the dove flies past, it's time.
It's time, time, time, time.

Ferron, "Phantom Center"

In this final Act the characters must make a fateful S I e
choice and live forever with their decision. They have a cene e
chance to revisit all the warring factions and must choose

e
between seriously divided loyalties:ot no iloyaltiesiay all: Immortals ina

Some results are preordained, but the paths to those
endings make all the difference in the world. In the end, We | d f SI
Cappadocius will die, but the way he dies will have reper- or 0 aves
cussions in the World of Darkness right up to the 20th

When the fight begins within himself,

A man's worth something.

century — and possibly beyond.

— Robert Browning, "Bishop Blougram's Apology"

Shrewd characters will realize that information is
power and will attempt to get as much as possible in the
week until the meeting. They can do this by interviewing
the three main groups.

Act Ill: The Choice


Visit the Founders

After the meeting at the monastery, the characters
could go directly to the Founders to ask advice. Hardestadt
will tell them to go to Claudius and deliver the message of
Cappadocius' acceptance of the meeting, and then return
to plot an ambush at the monastery to catch the conspira-

tors.
iovanni first and the Founders

Ifthe characters go to
second, Hardestadt finds out and erupts in anger. He
furiously questions the characters' trustworthiness, saying
that they should have come to him for instructions first. If
the characters ask what he would have instructed them to
do, he grudgingly allows that he would have had them take
the message to Giovanni, jus
Hardestadt's mania for control.

as they did. This shows

The Founders are still suspicious and disdainful of the
characters because of their inauspicious begetting. If the
characters persist in earnestly seeking guidance, wisdom
and lore, however, the Founders will be flattered into
providing it.

General Information
from all Founders

Once the characters have gained a measure of trust,
the Founders speak from the heart about their goals. They
speak first of something akin to altruism: unifying the clans
out of mutual self-interest and self-preservation. Unified
clans can react to the mounting threat of humans, who are
shockingly populous despite the recent Black Death and
Crusades. Claudius Giovanni must be exposed and stopped
because he threatens this union.

If the characters keep up their interest, the Founders
explain motivations that go a level deeper. They talk with
cruel eyes about punishing their enemies. They gloat about
crushing self-willed elders and wayward anarchs and of
destroying entire lineages of their mortal enemies. Claudius
Giovanni must be exposed and stopped because his de-
struction will be thrilling.

After that, a third motivation appears: naked lust for
power. The Founders want to rule, and they see the
proposed federation as a means to get the clans to play by
their rules, under their jurisdiction, and support their
efforts to crush dissenters. Claudius Giovanni must be
exposed and stopped because he is also trying to make a
grab for power.

At the conclusion of these talks, the Founders trust
the characters more. Sharing their secrets has forged ten-
tative bonds, and will make it easier for the characters to
get the Founders to accept their advice later.

If the characters ask about the conspirator's fears that
Cappadocius is out to bring heaven to earth, the Founders
will scoff. They say that such rumors cannot be counte-
nanced.

The Last Supper


Personal Motivations of

Individual Founders
Hardestadt

The leader of the Founders continues to stress the need
to kill Jadviga. He asks if it has been done yet, and if not,
when it will be. Otherwise, he is too busy to bother with the
characters, apart from laying plans for the ambush.

Adana de Sforza

Adana is glad the characters survived. She possesses a
Brujah's affinity for their struggle against impossible odds
and will tell them much. She reveals that the Founders fear
Claudius Giovanni ascending to Japheth's place in the

Cappadocian clan because the necromancers are rumored
to have dark aspirations to bring death to every living
cond-in-command,
they may gain the power to carry out that threat.

person. With the backing of a clan's

Camilla Banes

The Malkavian is difficult to talk to, because she
consistently switches between gentle mothering and vio-
lent hate. But if the characters endure her for awhile, she'll
say, "The voices tell me that a soul storm draws near. The
day we tear out Claudius's withered heart, the heavens will
open and a Maelstrom will deluge us. You must get your-
selves to safety, my precious darlings. You must bundle up
your souls with a unraveled cloak of purity, hold fast to the
white-hot heart of the storm, and wear stout boots of
courage — or you will lose your footing and fall into Hell
where you belong, you spiteful wretches!"

Josef von Bauren

The diminutive Nosferatu has little interest in talking
to the characters: "Ye were born bastards and bastards ye
shall be as long as we suffer ye to live." But if they persist,
he will warm to them and share his lore. He confirms that
the Founders fear Claudius' necromantic powers. "The
Giovanni seek to destroy the wall between the worlds of
the living and the dead. This will give them the power of
each realm in the other. If Claudius brings the infernal
realms into this world, all will be lost. He must be stopped
at all costs. This Camarilla be hanged. The important
thing is to stop these foul abominations."

Milov Petrenkoy

The Gangrel does not like to talk to any but other
Gangrel or well-traveled characters. He will say, though,
that as the time draws nearer for the meeting, animals
become more and more skittish, as before an earthquake.
He doesn't know what to make of it, but fears it, since he
saw something similar during the millennial frenzies of the
year 1000 A.D., when spirits walked and a Maelstrom of
dark forces lashed the Earth.

Act Ill: The Choice

Rafael de Corazon

The influential Toreador feels the characters are be-
neath him. An attractive young male character can get
him to talk, though.

He insists that all Kindred must sever their close ties to
mortals and that the Giovanni made a severe mistake in
revealing their newfound vampiric state to their entire
extended family. Such an egregious violation of the newly
formed Masquerade is unforgivable to him. The Masquer-
ade is his life's work, and he enforces it with relish. He does
not care about necromancy, the Cappadocians or their
religion, despite his religious background. All he wants is to
punish the Giovanni and prevent their further rise to power.

Rafael is not afraid to reveal that he feels the rest of the
Founders are not his equal in status. He does not serve
Hardestadt but travels with him as long as it serves his
purpose. A character who wins his trust can also learn that
the Ventrue are secretly eager to see the Giovanni join the
Cappadocians and even move up in its ranks. Rafael
speculates that the Ventrue are very likely in league with
the conspirators as well as the Founders, playing both sides
against the other to ensure a win regardless of the outcome.
Rafael suspects that the Ventrue would like to both results:
they want to see Claudius Giovanni as second-in-com-
mand of the Cappadocians with the Clan of Death active
in the world of commerce, and they want to see Claudius'
conspiracy used to rally Methuselahs to form the Camarilla.

Mistress Fanchon

At first the Tremere does not want to talk to the
characters except to tell them that they had better play
their part properly, or die. If they ask her about Maelstroms
she looks startled, but will not reveal what she knows. If
they ask about the other Founders and the organization
they wish to start, though, she becomes quite talkative.

She thinks it's a good idea, if for no other reason than
to prevent the very means by which her clan gained power.
The human wizards called the Tremere committed diablerie
upon Saulot and created their own lineage of Blood Bound
Kindred. Now they must make sure no one else can
duplicate such an event.

Visit the Conspirators

When the characters visit Claudius, he gratefully
accepts the news that Cappadocius will meet with him
and requests that the characters accompany him to the
monastery in a week's time. If the characters went to visit
him first and the Founders second, they must invent an
excuse to leave to see Hardestadt.

The characters may also decide to ask questions to try
to gain insight into the motivations of the conspirators. In
this case, Claudius tries to win them over to his Con-
spiracy. "Though you were misbegotten, you may yet grow

into real progeny, and be recognized by us." The conspira-
tors will be just as forthcoming as the Founders, eager to
expound upon their secret cause and gain support — or at
least pawns they can use and discard.
Theconspiratorsexplain that ifClaudiuscan kill Japheth,
he will become second-in-command of the Cappadocians
and use that power to advance his family. "He has always
wanted to become the speaker for his clan, and he does not
care if he gains it through betrayal." The conspirators will
reap rewards of Methuselah blood, riches and the eternal
gratitude of one of the world's most powerful Kindred.

Cappadocius

They also reveal that they fear Cappadocius' research
into Cainite mysteries. His obsession with ascending to
godhead and the world he envisions is frightening to the
vampires. "Ifhe makes all mortals immortal, on what shall
we feed? Vampires are the Damned. We have been cast
out of Heaven. God has turned his back on us, and we shall
return the insult in kind."

The Founders

All the conspirators have a hatred of the Founders and
their attempts to organize the Kindred. Asking about the
Founders unleashes a torrent of bile. "Such vile
communitarian impulses must be crushed. How dare they
try to tell us who we can and cannot kill?" "How dare they
say we cannot terrorize mortals when we desire?" "I am not
my brother's keeper! Caine would not wish us to acknowl-
edge obligation or responsibility to anyone!"

If the characters point out that the result of that logic
is that any of the conspirators could betray one another in
a moment, they all look uncomfortable. "Well, as long as
we have a common cause, we need not fear one another,"
they say uneasily, and change the subject. "But that
Hardestadt is just a powermonger seeking to hide his own
weakness behind large numbers of others!"

Maelstroms

If the characters inquire about Maelstroms, Claudius
demands to know where they heard of such a thing. A
plausible excuse will get them off the hook. Otherwise,
Claudius is very suspicious of them and questions them
relentlessly. If they say that they overheard a Founder
mention it during their captivity, he will be satisfied. So
long as the characters steadfastly act calm, and do not
betray a hint of wrongdoing in their acquisition, he will
say, "Such matters are over your head. Stay far from them,
if you value the blood in your undying veins."

The other conspirators are all unfamiliar with the term,
except for Lady Theophana, who absently says, "The voices
say that all Hell breaks loose in the Maelstrom: the dead rise,
and all our sires roam at will. All are weak. All are powerful.
All can fall. All can rise, and...what were we talking about
again? Hmmm. No, I know nothing about any Maelstrom."

The Last Supper


Lord Giovanni Speaks

If the characters ask Claudius about necromancy, the
tise of the Giovanni, and separating the wall between the
living and the dead, he grows serious and asks where the
characters have heard such talk. He admits to being a
necromancer but denies wanting to being death to all life.
"Our power comes from dying mortals. How would we
gain new power if they were all dead?" he reasons. Since
the characters have proven themselves resourceful enough
tofind this crucial information, Claudius raises his estima-
tion of them and decides to try to convince them of his
intentions.

"I admit we Giovanni rose to prominence through
guile. Who hasn't? Before we were Kindred, we sum-
moned the souls of vampires and learned their ways. That
made us clever enough to know what to offer the
Cappadocians to secure a place in their clan. We bring
esoteric knowledge of the afterworld. We can help them
gather souls. We may have a different purpose for the use
of those wandering spirits, but our means are the same.
Cappadocius gives us a place at the table, and we take a
higher place. What ambitious person would not? Japheth's
soul will make a lovely addition to the collection."

If asked what the Giovanni will do with the spirits,
Claudius enigmatically says, "I'm sure we'll find some
purpose."

.
de

If the characters say that they think sundering the
wall between the living and the dead is a great idea,
Giovanni will be intrigued. "It would be a source of great
power, wouldn't it?" he asks with a wicked smile.

The characters may ask the conspirators about necro-
mancy when Claudius is not around. The elders say that they
have heard rumors that the Giovanni are plotting a cataclys-
mic demise of all life, but insist that such rumors are false.
They don't know why, but they are sure there is no truth to
them. "What good would that do? If everyone were dead,
how could you have servants, slaves, pawns and vitae? No,
such things are but an attempt to demonize necromancers."

Delaying the Attack

If the characters attempt to delay the meeting with
Japheth beyond a week, they will be argued down by the
conspirators, and Claudius will find new messengers. He
will make the connection with the Cappadocians without
the help of the characters, who will be marginalized in the
final confrontation and have less influence. As in all
storytelling games, this requirement is flexible as well. If the
characters come up with a brilliant stratagem and make a

persuasive case, the time can be delayed — but not by much.

Lady Jadviga

If the characters tell Jadviga that Hardestadt took
pains to secure her death, she will be enraged, but thanks
the characters for telling her.

Act III: The Choice


"That dung-hearted villain! He wants the glory for
himself! Ifhe gets rid of me the Ventrue will reward only him!
Heseeks tokill me for doing my duty!" She isso angry that she
is willing to reveal the truth about her mission being sanc-
tioned by the Ventrue to make the Cappadocians more useful.

If the characters ask about the original attack, she
sheepishly admits that she deliberately leaked false infor-
mation to embarrass Hardestadt. "I told him that we would
perform a ritual at the Giovanni manse that would kill
Japheth. He barged in and could not catch us. That
humiliated him before the clan. Now he seeks to kill me,
and use you to get information for the assassination. Well
I am not so easily disposed of!"

She rewards the characters with blood, anda boon. She
is even capable of getting a Giovanni's blood, if the charac-
ters ask for it (as per Durga Syn's instructions, below).

°.
Visit Durga Syn

Finding Durga Syn makes a lot of sense, since she was
the only person who ever really helped the characters out.
If they ask for her at Hardestadt's castle, the Founders
report that she stays at in a Gypsy village two hours to the
south. If they summon her, she will arrive six hours later.
If they visit her village, she invites them into a hut, asks
them of their progress, and answers their questions. She
asks why the characters wish such information, but will
provide them with answers if they make it clear that they
want to make wise decisions.

The Prophecy of the Bloody Egg

Durga Syn has little more information on the proph-
ecy, other than to say that the fact that the characters have
not been destroyed by now ina sea of enemies is some proof
of its veracity. She admits she downplayed the power of the
prophecy to the Founders. She allows that the only time
she has seen greater portents were for a vampire yet to
come; one who will become a vampire by his own hand and
bargain with demons to deliver all the Kindred from
damnation.

She then turns the question around and asks them
what they would desire the prophecy to be and what
outcome they would like to see.

Maelstroms
She says a Maelstrom is a backlash of souls from the
lands of the dead. She does not know what to do about it.

"That's something known only to those who walk the
paths of the dead, like the Cappadocians and the Giovanni."

Cappadocius and Apotheosis

The Gypsy says that Cappadocius is a "most dangerous
Antediluvian, since he is tampering with forces beyond
the grasp of mortals and Kindred. But his research shows

The Last Supper

promise, since the Book of Nod fragments he recovered
were written by Irad, son of Caine, and explain how to lift
God's curse from the Kindred. The results of such a ritual
are unknown, though Cappadocius believes that he will
bring Heaven to Earth, where mortals and Kindred alike
live eternally in God's bliss. It may destroy us all. Or both."

Giovanni and Necromancy

Durga Syn reveals that the Giovanni have indeed been
"summoning and hoarding the spirits of vampires and mor-
tals alike. And the spirits of creatures beyond your ken. On
that day, spoken of in whispers even among Kindred, when
the Antediluvians rise up to eat their progeny, the necro-
mancers could be more powerful still. Even Hardestadt does
not understand this. But I say the Giovanni must be watched.
And stopped. They must especially be kept from making
mischief with Japheth's captured soul."

Stopping Claudius Giovanni

Ifthe characters declare that they wish to stop Giovanni
from capturing Japheth's soul, she says, "Make sure you
know the dangers, and agree with a clear heart. Interfering
with the necromancers will earn you powerful enemies!"

If the characters insist, she says, "You must keep them
pulling Japheth's soul from his body. This is what you must
do. You must find the vessel in which Claudius seeks to
capture Japheth's soul, and cover it with the blood of a
Giovanni to ensure that it cannot trap the fleeing soul."

If they ask where they can find a Giovanni, Durga Syn
says, "I do not know. Then again, Claudius himself is
Giovanni..." She smiles mysteriously.

Visit the Cappadocians

If the characters return to the Cappadocians, Japheth
is disturbed to see them. If they explain the plot against
Cappadocius, he is even more upset.

"My father will not acceptany of this. He will allow his
new grandchilde to come here, regardless of Claudius'
intention. | am forbidden to intervene. I may only forgive,"
he says, trying to disguise his distaste.

Marianna

If the characters ask about Marianna, Japheth looks startled.
Ifthe characters convince him they are not out to kill her or bring
her back to Claudius, he will arrange a meeting with her in the
monastery garden. Japheth says that she has taken a vow of silence
inanattempt to purify herself of the vampiric curse upon her. Ifthe
characters ask Japheth what a woman is doing in a monastery, he
tells them to get their minds out of the gutter. Marianna will not
speak to the characters, but she agrees to give up a measure of her
blood, which she has only occasionally fortified with just a bit of
animal blood. She looks weak and pale from her fasting; almost
ethereal. She has little interest in communicating with her kin.


Maelstroms

In response to questions about Maelstroms, Japeth
says "A Maelstrom of great power is coming to the dead
lands, so strong that it will be felt on Earth as well as the
other realm. Only those whose souls are protected can
resist the raging spirit winds. Only those whose feet are
protected can gain purchase enough to walk in that land."

Ifthe characters strongly indicate that they wish to keep
Japhethalive, headds, "I cannot go against my father's wishes
and fightany who would attack me. But 1 can alwaysaid those
in need, and you have need of these." He opens an austere
wooden box, and draws out shrouds and ragged cloth boots.

"Mayhap these will help you survive in the Mael-
strom, as they helped Noah." Once they have the shrouds
and boots he sends them away.

Other Options

Assassinate

If the characters attack and try to destroy any of the
important figures, like Japheth or Claudius, they survive
and become sworn enemies of the characters. The plot
goes on. (However, an attack on Claudius could yield his
blood, for Durga Syn's spell.)

If they kill secondary characters, those characters stay
dead — though killing Hardestadt, Rafael or Durga Syn.
should be nearly impossible.

Fight Lothar

If the characters have not killed Lothar, the ghoul
continues to follow them, trying to catch them red-handed.
He has a retinue of six ghouls. Lothar cannot hide himself
well, and is spotted on a Perception + Alertness roll
(difficulty 6). The characters can revenge themselves on
him, misdirect him or try to trick him into furthering their
own schemes. However, ifhe is not stopped, he might learn
of their plotting. The stakes are very high. Getting caught
betraying any of the groups is death. Only the most brilliant
of acting can stay the hands of the aggrieved parties.

Create Progeny

If the characters begin creating progeny for protec-
tion, they will attract the attention of both the Inquisition
and Hardestadt. Hardestadt will get to them first. Even in
the days before the formal Camarilla, this reckless disre-
gard for the Traditions is punished with the swiftest possible
sanctions. This may even give Hardestadt the proof he is
looking for — evidence that anarchs will turn to selfish
breeding if allowed to live freely.

Hang Out with Mortals

Ifthe characters return to the Red Lamb Inn, they may
find Paul (as described at the end of Act II). They also hear
a lot of gossip.

"The land is crawling with outland foreigners and God
doesn't like it."

"The end of the world is at hand!"

"Lord Giovanni has been cruelly attacked by foreign
invaders and is in exile until he can return and wipe the
grins off the faces of the outlander army."

"Lord Giovanni has lost his estate gambling."

"The monks of St. Timothy's are hiding a sinful red-
haired woman in their private quarters for their pleasure."

"Monsters walk the land by day as well as night now."

"The Inquisition is coming and we'll all be safe."

"The Inquisition is coming and we'll all perish as
heretics."

"The Pope has forsaken the Crusades!"

Decision Time

Eventually the characters will have to pick sides and
plunge in. They are in too deeply to wait out the conse-
quences. Doing nothing is deadly. Once the characters decide
who they support, they must take action quickly. Their only
hope of survival is to bring matters to a swift and decisive
resolution. They have little to lose except their newfound
immortality. The more they risk, the more they can win.

Choose No Sides

Since the characters now have the freedom to travel,
they have the option to try to escape the entire burgeoning
crisis. Though most of their options are bad, flight is the
worst. Neither the Founders nor the conspirators trust
them, and both will hunt them down and destroy them if
they try to simply run away.

Indecisive characters may not pick a side, and decide to
make play it by ear when they get there. This could be dangerous,
because it might prevent them from getting vital clues.

Support the Founders

The Founders arrange to be at the monastery in hiding
before the characters can arrive. They will hide in the
caves in back of the grotto.

Hardestadt orders the characters to bring the con-
spirators to the meeting as planned. When Claudius makes
his move to attack Japheth, the Founders will have all the
proof they need of conspiracy, and leap to the attack. They
invite the characters to join in the fray to get revenge on
their sires.

Support Claudius
If the characters support the conspirators, and do not
go back to Cappadocius, Claudius takes them to the mon-
astery and tells them to fight the Founders if they show up.
The Founders will attack when Claudius attacks
Japheth. The Founders curse the characters for traitorous
dogs and leap on them as well.

Act Ill: The Choice

Support Cappadocius

If the characters support Cappadocius, and seek to
defend Japheth, Japheth says that he does not want them to
fight in his name —hissire has forbidden it. The game could
take some interesting twists if they become Cappadocian
zealots, because Japheth and Cappadocius will resurrect
Claudius and Augustus if the characters try to kill them.

Scene 2:
The Offering

A lot of people say to me, "Why did you kill Christ?" "I
dunno. It was one of those parties, got out of hand, you know."
Lenny Bruce, The Essential Lenny Bruce

Launch the Scene

One way or another, the characters, the Cappadocians,
the Foundersand the conspirators all end up in the garden of the
monastery for the climax. If the characters backed Hardestadt,
they know the Founders are lying in wait for the conspirators.
If they managed to keep Claudius believing they were loyal to
him, he brings them with him. Ifnot, they can lurk in the garden
with the Founders. If they have alienated both, they will have
to convince the Cappadocians to let them stay there, in sight

or out of sight, whichever they prefer. The monks give sanctu-

ary to all and won't turn the characters away. However the
characters have to get there on their own and sneak in.

The following section details events that happens without
thecharacters' influence. Reveal asmuch ofitas they seeandhear.

The Garden in God's Hand

The monastery's inner garden is surprisingly large for
a courtyard sanctuary. Shielded from the elements, it lies
cradled between the monast and three
large, upthrusting rocks on its north side. The monks

ery's high walls

believe the vaguely humanoid rocks are a sign that this
spot is blessed, and they call them the Trinity.

The garden is surrounded on three sides by gray stone
alls. Only the rock formations delineate its northernmost

side. That winding "wall" includes several hidden grottos,
asmall cavern complex (the cave opening is located beside
the smallest member of the Trinity) and a natural spring.
The monks have collected a number of thorn- and spine-
covered plants, plantingthem in the garden toremind themofthe
painall people must suffer before they can reach the perfection of
God's eternal embrace. Roses also cover the garden's grounds.
The garden's largest grotto is cradled gently by a semicircle
ofrock. Themonkschipped away at the rough stone for centuries
until they had carved benches and seats into the rock face. Three
rocky seats stand out as particularly impressive, with the largest
flanked by the two smaller, The grotto is large enough to
accommodate over three dozen individuals comfortably, and the
monks sometimes use this space for open-air worship services.

The Last Supper


In this largest grotto, Japheth and several monks (his
childer and ghouls) await Claudius Giovanni. Mariannais with
them, clad ina monk's robes. (Some of the resurrected templars
may also keep a midnight vigil.) Japheth sits on the rock seat to
the right of the center seat, which is empty. A hard-faced old
vampire with a deformed right arm sits in the left-hand seat.
This is Augustus Giovanni, Claudius' father and sire.

Nearer God's Heart in a Garden

Claudiusand the other Conspirators of Isaac boldly enter the
garden and "meekly" confront Japheth. Ifthe charactersare siding
with Claudius (or pretending to), he has them take a dove as a
peace offering to Japheth. (The dove is in fact the vessel intended
by Augustus to trap Japheth's soul.) If the characters are there as
faithful followers of the Cappadocians, he will give them the dove
toofferto Japheth, butsneerat themas they doso. Ifthe characters
have lost Claudius' trust, but are in the garden, he ignores them
and has a ghoul present the dove (Lothar, if he's still alive).

Japheth rises and accepts the dove. Augustus remains
seated. Japheth gestures to the dove deliverer to stand aside.
(The characters can remain close at hand, however — closer
than the monks.) Japheth beckons to Claudius to come forward.

Claudius strides up, a mock penitent smile on his
arrogant face. His pack of conspirators stay at a respectful
distance. He kneels before Japheth. "Forgive me, brother,
for I have sinned against you."

"Aye, that you have, brother," says Japheth. Long
pause. "But my sire forgives all, as does my Sire in heaven.
And so I forgive you."

Claudius rises, making a show of flicking dirt off the
knees of his silken hose.

Japheth clasps Claudius' with one hand, holding the
necromancer at arm's length. He holds the dove with the
other in front of his chest, almost protectively.

"Go forth," Japheth says, "and sin no more."

"What's this? No kiss for your brother?" Claudius
taunts. "No kiss of peace and forgiveness?"

Japheth releases Claudius's arm. Claudius moves in
toward Japheth's chest. Suddenly, Japheth catches Claudius'
head in his hands, saying "Hear me well, ‘brother.' | am he
whosits at the right hand of our Father. I obey his will and his
word. Remember well the fate of those who forsake his path!"

Sighing, he releases the necromancer. "Come,
Claudius. | await your kiss of peace. Let us know each
other's souls and have done with it."

Claudius grabs Japheth and pulls him near in a single
violent motion. The dove is caught in between. It falls, its
neck broken, as Claudius plunges his fangs into Japheth's
thin and pallid chest, shredding the monk's robe and sending
a cascade of blood flying. The blood leaks from Claudius'
thick, greedy lips and spills down in bright red gobbets across
Japheth's once-pristine robes. Japheth's mouth tightens in a
grimace, but his body remains impassive, arms flung wide to
accept his brother's "kiss." Only Japheth's his fists, and the

blood running in rivulets down his chin from his own fangs
biting into his mouth, betray even a hint of unwillingness.

All the monks but one sink to the ground and intone a
prayer. (The "monk" still standing is Marianna.) The Founders
burst from the caves and charge up to the center of the grotto,
shouting "Death to the betrayers! Death to the necromancer!
Death to the conspiracy!" Hardestadt smiles broadly. He has
what they need. He's caught Claudius in the very act of
disobeying one of the founding Traditions of Caine.

Japheth gasps, "Stand ye back! Let no blood be shed
in the name of the Cappadocians!" as he convulses.
Claudius continues to drink.

The Founders sweep down upon the conspirators, who
quickly form a protective ring around Japheth so that
Claudius can finish his dread deed. The battle is joined. A
chill wind kicks up, and howls through the garden. A storm
is brewing. Founders and conspirators clash as the wind
moans, but Hardestadt can't quite reach Japheth. He
shouts, "Childe! Coward! Pacifist! Defend yourself!"

The characters may join the fight at any time on either,
neither or both sides. If they have offended people in both
camps, they may be attacked by members of both groups.

The Battle

If Jadviga and Hardestadt are both alive at the start of
the scene, they will fight each other with a vengeance that
transcends the rest of the battle. Without help from the

Handling the Climax

The Last Supper began with a linear storyline to
ease players into the action and make sure they have
all the exposition and background material that they
need. The climax stretches the Storyteller's improvi-
sational and creative powers. You must use everything
you know of the antagonists to craft responses to the
characters' words and actions — responses that can
barely be predicted by this story.

The Storyteller will have a real chance to shine in
this scene. The scripted responses answer all the ques-
tions necessary for the plot, but they cannot possibly
cover every range of conversation. Use the antagonists'
motivations to create new dialogue. If you get stuck,
remember that they can usually tell the characters to get
lost. And when really in doubt, fake it!

Live-Action Notes

At this point the story begins to get less coordinated
and more chaotic. Make sure that all the Narrators know
theirparts well, and are prepared to improvise quickly. Keep
up the lines of communication between Narrators, espe-
cially if the characters split up. They need to know what's
going on in the rest of the game to make the best decisions
inasplitsecond. Ifyouhave set thingsup properly, the game
should run itself. Sit back and enjoy the ride.

Act Ill: The Choice


80

characters, Hardestadt will not be able to stop Claudius
from diablerizing Japheth.

Mortal monks run out into the garden, their bare
heads gleaming in the moonlight. They implore their
guests: "Cease your violence in this most holy and serene
of places!" However, the monks do not interfere physically
in the battle, even if they are attacked.

Intervention One

If the characters help Japheth, they may actually be
able to interfere with Claudius' feeding. Japheth will force
themaside, saying, "This shall not be done." A bewildered
Claudius resumes the diablerie.

If the characters try to attack Augustus instead of
Claudius, they find their attacks go right through him. He
is a ghostly presence and not a flesh-and-blood vampire.

If the characters have found a way to get Giovanni
blood onto the dove, nothing happens when Japheth
finally expires. This is because the vessel is not intended to
house Japheth's soul, but Cappadocius'.

It is possible that with effective tactics, the characters
may be able to get Claudius away from Japheth. In this case,
Japheth will live, but will not be able to stop Augustus from
making his move when Cappadocius appears (below).

Antediluvian Blood

When he finishes committing diablerie upon Japheth,
a triumphant Claudius, bloated with blood and power,
exults to the raging heavens as winds whip around him.
Lightning crashes and he cries out mockingly "Whoso
eateth my flesh, and drinketh my blood, hath eternal life;
and I will raise him up at the last day!"

At that point Cappadocius arrives.

The Antediluvian appears in front of the center rock
seat, next to Augustus. Though he glows as in Act II,
observant characters who make a Perception + Alertness
roll (difficulty 8) notice that he is not as transparent as
before. In addition, those who earlier saw him floating can
make a Wits + Occult roll (difficulty 7) to notice that he
appears to be solidly in contact with the chair. He looks
very angry and bursting with power. Fierce winds roar
down the rock face, and drive everyone back from him.

"Claudius Giovanni, what have you done?" he calls,
his voice booming even above the roaring wind.

Claudius freezes in the midst of the growing tempest,
a look of guilt and shock on his face. He looks fearfully
toward Augustus.

Augustus says, "He didas I bade, Sire. He has taken the
place of your own son. As I shall take your place! 1 want
your blood, ‘Father!'""

"My blood is not mine to give. It belongs to God."

"Then I hope he forgives me for spilling it."

"His forgiveness is for all. Even the likes of you."

"Sanctimonious sot! I will destroy you!" Augustus
charges forward, but finds it hard to move, as if the wind or
the radiance of Cappadocius prevents him.

"Think on what you do, my son," Cappadocius says.
"Grandsire Caine himself has spoken to me and told me:
become an eternal sacrifice, that all may have life eternal.
I am to create Heaven on Earth, delivering us all from
God's curse, and delivering mortals from the grave."

"Heaven on Earth? Never!" With great exertion,
Augustus reaches his sire.

"You cannot stop me. I have given myself freely, and
my soul shall continue even if this form is extinguished."

"Then I shall have your soul as well as your power!"

As Augustus leapsat hissire, he too begins to glow. He bares
his fangs and drinks from the translucent chest of the Antedilu-
vian. Cappadocius closes his eyes and gently cradles the
necromancer's head to his bosom. Rivulets of blood leak from
around Augustus' mouth as he gasps: "Ahh! His blood burns!"

Hardestadt howls, "No! Blasphemy! It must not be!" He
tries to attack Augustus, but he cannot get past the whirling
winds that swirl around the pair and scream like lost souls.

Intervention Two

If the characters try to intervene at any time during
the confrontation, they must first get past the Maelstrom.
The swirling winds that are its physical manifestation keep
tangible objects and the effects of Disciplines from coming
near the pair.

However, ifthe characters have been given the shrouds
and boots, they can enter the spiritual dimension of the
Maelstrom. Suddenly the winds become visible as groan-
ing spirits, hurtling through the air ina frenzy. They cry in
pain as they streak past. The shrouds allow the characters
to see where the streams of disconsolate spirits converge
and diverge. With the boots, the characters can literally
walk between streams of spirits, enter the spiritual realm,
and approach Augustus and Cappadocius. They must
succeed on both a Courage and a Self-Control roll to arrive
before the diablerie ends. They do not have time to get
there before it begins.

After they successfully navigate the Maelstrom, the
characters are in the spirit world with Cappadocius and
Augustus, and can interact with and even harm them. If they
attack Cappadocius, Augustus fights them, saying "He's my
kill!" They may even try to diablerize Cappadocius them-
selves. Despite the fact that Augustus has already drained a
great deal of vitae, Cappadocius still has 50 Blood Points left.
If they do so, though, the blood burns them. While it causes
no damage, the characters must make a Humanity roll for
every Blood Point they take. Other than the Humanity loss,
Cappadocius' blood acts no differently from any vampire's.

If the characters attack Augustus and defeat him,
Cappadocius shakes his head sadly and says, "If a man
smites your cheek, offer him the other to smite. Only then

The Last Supper


can | bring Heaven to Earth and life everlasting to all." He
resurrects Augustus, who completes the diablerie.

Augustus hisses, "I shall remember your interference.
When we bring the dead lands to Earth, your souls shall be
first to be pulled shrieking into the abyss!"

Antediluvian Soul

When Augustus finishes the diablerie, Cappadocius'
body melts away to nothing. (Characters with shrouds see
it reduce to a small spark, which flies toward Claudius.)

Light radiates from Augustus' eyes, ears, nose and
mouth, as if a great light filled his head. He reels like a
drunkard. He manages to cry out "Claudius! His soul flies!
Get the dove! Catch it!" before he vanishes.

Intervention Three

Characters with shrouds see the tiny spark become
engulfed in the Maelstrom and pulled inexorably toward
the broken dove. At this point one of three things can
happen.

If the characters have already placed the blood of any
Giovanni on the dove, they see the spark reach it, turn,
then fly ina direction counter to the Maelstrom. It ascends
the stone wall and into the heavens.

If the characters have not yet placed Giovanni blood
on the dove, they have three turns to do so before
Cappadocius' soul reaches it and is trapped. If they manage,
making their way through the Maelstrom'by brute force or
guile, then the spark turns and leaves, as described above.

Forcing their way through the Maelstrom requires
that the character make Strength + Athletics rolls (diffi-
) culty 8) and accumulate eight successes. Each point of
Potence adds one automatic success to these rolls. Work-
ing their way through the souls is easier but may take
longer. It requires Wits + Survival rolls (difficulty 6) and
12 accumulated suc: s.

If the characters fail to put blood on the dove in three
turns, they see the still-standing braving the Maelstrom.
The monk's face is hidden under a heavy hood. The monk
approaches the dove, slices his hand and pours his blood
onto the dove. This is Marianna, wearing a shroud she
obtained from Japheth, placing her own Giovanni blood
onto the dove to stop the soul transference.

The Soul Escapes

As Cappadocius' soul-spark disappears into the sky,
the: heavens: Hosllysépen, and'tuin ‘pour down onde
garden. Claudius Giovanni looks in heroes the' Bldody
dove. "Come back!" he cries to the soul.

"Tie ‘scram ing" winds sliw/ei Che' hits' come." Thbte
with shrouds see the spirits sail away into the night. The
Maelstrom is gone.

Act Ill: The Choice


If the characters were responsible for keeping
Cappadocius' soul free, they should have the opportunity
to raise their Humanity after the story ends.

The Aftermath

The Founders

If the characters fought against Hardestadt, the
Founders continue to battle the characters until one group
is destroyed or flees. If the characters flee, they can live to
fightanother day. If they gain the upper hand, the Founders
will break and run, so the most important members will
remain to carry on their work.

The Conspirators

If the characters did not fight against Hardestadt, the
Founders have beaten the conspirators, most of whom
have fled. A few are prisoners (at the Storyteller's discre-
tion), along with Claudius Giovanni.

Hardestadt is fuming. "Diablerie! Diablerie most foul!
Claudius Giovanni, I should disembowel you where you
stand!" The Founders argue over what to do with him. If
the characters fought against the conspirators, they also
haveasay in the outcome. Whatever the result, Hardestadt
will not allow Claudius to be killed, but he does take him
into custody.

Marianna

Marianna tries to sneak away in the confusion, but the
characters can spot her if they make three successes on a
Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 6). If the characters
try to talk to her, they must do so quickly. She still has her
vow of silence and will not speak, but she will write notes,
which literate characters can read. She writes that she is
dedicating her unlife to the destruction of the Giovanni,
and that she has little need for her "brothers and sisters in
shame." If she put the blood on the dove, she will explain
how she was able to stop the soul from being caught. If they
ask her where the soul went, she says she does not know.

If the characters impress her with their nobility and
honor, she will agree to meet them at a later date to discuss
future plans. Otherwise she leaves abruptly.

The Cappadocians

The Cappadocians, their ghouls and the human monks
are wailing and grieving. If the characters kept Japheth
alive, he cries, "Would that I were dead ere I lived to see
such a night."

Jadviga
Unless the characters specifically targeted Jadviga for
extermination, she is still alive and free.
Wrapping Up Scene 2

The characters can stay to console the Cappadocians,
leave to celebrate with the victors, or go their own way.

Major Players
Japheth

Clan: Cappadocian

Generation: 4th

Embrace: 7225 B.C. (born 7248 B.C.)

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 9, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 7, Manipulation 6, Appearance 8
Mental: Perception 8, Intelligence 9, Wits 8

Talents: Alertness 7, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 9,
Empathy 7, Intimidation 6, Leadership 5

Skills: Animal Ken 7, Etiquette 8, Melee 5, Music 6, Ride 5,
Stealth 5

Knowledges: Investigation 5, Kindred Lore 6, Law 7,
Linguistics 9, Occult 8, Politics 6

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 8, Celerity 5,
Chimerstry 3, Dominate 8, Fortitude 4, Necromancy 6,
Obeah 4, Obfuscate 6, Obtenebration 6, Potence 6, Pres-
ence 7, Protean 5, Serpentis 2, Thaumaturgy 9 (Weather
Control 5, Elemental Mastery 5, Movement of the Mind 3,
Lure of Flames 1)

Backgrounds: Allies 9, Contacts 8, Elder Status 6, Herd 8,
Influence 4, Resources 6, Retainers 9

Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Humanity: 9

Willpower: 10

Notes: Japeth has a plethora of powers, many of which are
unique to him. He will not use them in most situations, but
the Storyteller should feel free to give him any Traits he
needs.

Image: Though he is a short, slight man, those who meet
him are usually struck dumb by the aura of peace that
surrounds him. During this story, however, he is excep-
tionally nervous, and his fears are beginning to affect those
around him.

Roleplaying Hints: You have spent thousands upon thou-
sands of years seeking self-knowledge, but now you have no
idea what is to come. In any case, you follow your father's
requests without question.

Augustus Giovanni
Clan: Cappadocian
Generation: 4th
Embrace: 1005 (born 945)
Apparent Age: About 60
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 7, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 8, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 7,
Leadership 8, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 6

The Last Supper


Skills: Etiquette 8, Melee 4, Music 2, Ride 4, Security 2,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Law 6, Linguistics 5, Occult 9, Politics 6
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Celerity 3, Dominate 6, Fortitude 3,
Necromancy 9, Obfuscate 3, Potence 6, Presence 5,
Thaumaturgy 3 (Movement of the Mind 3, Lure of Flames 2)
Backgrounds: Allies 6, Contacts 7, Elder Status 5, Herd 8,
Influence 7, Military Force 6, Resources 8, Retainers 9
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 2

Willpower: 10

Notes: Augustus' extra level of Dominate allows him to
Dominate anyone he touches or who touches him. His
extra levels of Necromancy allow him to create zombies,
battle spirits, exchange people's souls and place spirits in
the bodies of the dead. These Traits are accurate before he
commits diablerie upon Cappodocious. Afterward...
Image: A craggy man whose intense eyes seem to leap
around in their sockets.

Roleplaying Hints: You are completely caught up in what
is to come, fighting with all your might to keep your
excitement hidden. Nothing must get in your way.

Cappadocius

To provide Traits for Cappadocius would be ridicu-
lous. No one in this story could affect him without his
permission.

Scene 3:

The Still After
the Storm

The world dies over and over again, but the skeleton always
gets up and walks.
— Henry Miller, The Wisdom of the Heart

Loose Ends

There are a lot of loose ends, and not all will get
wrapped up tidily. Cappadocius is destroyed. Or is he more
than dead? The Giovanni own the Cappadocian blood-
line. What will they do with it? The threat to all clans is
clear. How will they respond?

The Conspirators

If the characters helped the conspirators rout the
Founders, and did not interfere with either diablerie,
Claudius invites them to return with him to the Inn for a
celebration. He is now fourth generation, but still bewil-
dered over the loss of Cappadocius' soul. If the characters
learned that it was Marianna's doing and tell him this, he
charges them with finding and destroying her.

The Founders

If the characters sided with or helped the Founders (or
can make the Founders think they did), they are invited to
a planning meeting the following night.

The Founders are furious. Some direct their fury is at
the characters, who they feel have no right to live, because
their interference doomed Cappadocius. But other Founders
think the neonates have proven themselves.

Interrogation

If the characters did not interfere in Giovanni's cap-
ture, Hardestadt and the Founders grill the necromancer.
He does not give them answers.

"We will never accept your clan!" Hardestadt says.
"You shall be renegade always, and we shall hunt you to the
ends of the Earth!"

Mistress Fanchon says, "Not so hasty. If they rule the
bloodline now, we can't dismiss them so easily."

Hardestadt fumes, "We should never have accepted
you either, after your Amaranth of that moron Saulot!"

Throughout it all, Claudius insists he be released.
Eventually, a group of Giovanni show up and demand he
be turned over to them unharmed. They agree to support
the Founders in return, Hardestadt turns him over, and
makes preparations to summon all clan elders for the first
full meeting of the Camarilla.

The Final Wrap-Up

The Conspiracy of Isaac is broken, but in losing the
battle the Giovanni won the war, and control the
Cappadocians. This is the start of the chain of events that
makes the Giovanni such an outsider clan. For Hardestadt
to make the Camarilla work, he may have to invite the
Giovanni into its ranks.

Act Ill: The Choice



Appendix:
Beginning
the Game

Creating
Medieval
Characters

All the material in this Appendix is for players and
may be freely copied and given to them

The Last Supper offers a unique opportunity to Vam-
pire players. Your character will begin the game mortal,
and will be Embraced during play. You may pick your clan

now and evenassign freebie points. However, you must not
use Disciplines or the benefits of the freebie points until
after your character is Embraced.

This story gives you the chance to play period charac-
ters in an historical World of Darkness setting. You may
create a mortal character from any medieval background
Sample character backgrounds include: peas-
ant, noble, clergy (nun, priest, or zealous lay person eager
to drum up men and resources for another Crusade),
crusader (Christian or Moslem), weary deserter from the
Hundred Years' War, foreign mercenary, Gypsy, prospet-
ous trader, trailblazing merchant, itinerant peddler, Jewish
moneylender (Christians are prohibited from lending
money at interest during this time), innkeeper, scholar,
courtesan, troubadour, revolutionary, doctor/barber.

you choose

Having players know one another at the start of a
game is a good way to build bonds between characters
quickly, and is generally a good idea. It should only be
discouraged (or forbidden) if real-world pals decide to
make their characters buddies so they can snub the others.
Hopefully you're totally unfamiliar with this sort of prob-
lem.

If everyone is in agreement, your character may know
one or more of the other characters before the game begins,
or they may begin the game as strangers to one another.
The only common feature is that all the characters have to
begin the game in Northern Romania, at the foot of the
Carpathian mountains, and they all must speak Italian. If
your character is not a native of the area, you must create
a rationale for them her there. She may be a sightseeing

noble, a traveling merchant or schol
even a refugee fleeing the lands to the south, where Turks

are successfully besieging Christian cities

, a runaway serf or

As you would with any Vampire character, keep in
mind the link between your character and your clan (or in
this case, clan-to-be). You are not required to make an
obvious connection, but some connection helps. This still
leaves a wide range. For example, a character of Clan
Brujah may be anything from a rebellious peasant youth to
a firebrand cleric in the still-nascent Reformation. A
Nosferatu can be anything from an unwanted immigrant
fleeing the wars toa leper from the holy lands. A Malkavian
might be the village idiot or a painfully inbred member of
aroyal family. A Ventrue can include a noblewoman, asilk
merchant and an enterprising poacher.

Appendix: Beginning the Game


w Traits

Players can use the standard Vampire character sheets
during character creation, but they should make a few
minor changes to the Abilities section. First of all, the
Drive Skill should become Ride and Firearms should be
Melee. Under Knowledges, Theology replaces Computer.
Also, characters need to spend one point in Linguistics in
order to be able to read and write their native language.

Advanced Roleplaying

You know that your character is destined to become a
vampire during the story, but he does not. Youare required
to keep this information separate from your character and
nothave him act on this basis. This can be areal challenge:
for example, your character would know nothing of the
politics or clans of vampires.

Playing Medieval
Characters

The world wasa very different place in 1444. Customs,
manners and personal habits were quite different from
today, though the fears and hopes were much the same.
The players do not need to be Medieval Studies majors to
do a credible job of roleplaying people of this era if they
keep a few key elements in mind.

Inflexible Social Positions: Upward social mobility
was not common in the Middle Ages. Some merchants
gained great wealth, and the clergy or military service
sometimes offered enterprising youths a chance for ad-
vancement, but these were the exception. Most people
lived their lives in service to an acknowledged master and
behaved respectfully even if they hated him. Deferential
behavior toward one's acknowledged "betters" was com-
mon and considered vital to survival.

Unless a player chooses five dots of Influence for her
character, the vampires in The Last Supper will be of a
higher social class. For the characters to behave any way
but respectfully (and perhaps with a bit of awe) would be
a shocking breach of protocol.

Nevertheless, there is a strong undercurrent of rebel-
lious, anti-authority thinking amongsome in the underclass.
This attitude, encouraged by the Brujah and some Lupines
and mages, erupted in peasant uprisings and sometimes
brought down kings. Characters with this sort of back-
ground would be the exception to the general rule of
submission.

Rigid Sex Roles: Though there were notable excep-
tions, women had few opportunities to gain economic
power or education and hence had very low status. Female
characters chosen from the general population would be
expected to be demure, reserved and submissive. This
limits the pool of female character backgrounds somewhat.
However, audacious mistresses, domineering wives and

The Last Supper


bold widows were often able to buck the system and behave
independently. Creative players can put together fascinat-
ing female characters, from the rare (but very real) female
warriors to rebellious peasants to educated women dis-
guised as high-ranking clergymen. (In the Middle Ages,
gossip of female priests and even female Popes was ram-
pant.)

Fear of Travel: Most people in the Middle Ages did
very little traveling. Setting out on the road was often
considered a perilous venture. For the characters, the trip
to the Giovanni manse may be one of the longest trips, if
not the longest, in their lifetimes.

Deeply Ingrained Superstitions: Modern humanity
has a strong skepticism of the supernatural world. Much of
this was cultivated by vampires seeking to remain hidden
among humanity. But in the Middle Ages, everyone knew
that evil spirits in many guises roamed freely over the land.
Due to the slow ebbing of magic and the incipient Mas-
querade, many people had little or no first-hand experience
of the supernatural, but most people believed in it strongly.

Though reason and scientific thinking are on the rise
during the period in which The Last Supper is set, the
strong technocratic forces actively seeking to debunk the
supernatural have not yet succeeded. Emotions run stron-
ger, passions are more easily inflamed, and blatant
contradictions are not always considered improper, or
even strange. People do not subject everything they expe-
rience to reasoned, critical analysis — and they do believe
in monsters.

Starting the
Game

Several weeks ago you received a visit from a richly
dressed messenger. He brought you a perfumed invitation
to a sumptuous dinner at the manse of Lord Claudius
Giovanni. Giovanni is from a wealthy Italian trading
family and is as feared as he is respected. Such an invitation
is a high honor, and one not lightly turned down, even
when it is from one as mysterious and distrusted as Lord
Giovanni.

You get to decide whether your character reacted with
shock, gratitude or terror, but your character chose to go.
Those from the lower social orders may conceivably be
terrified at the prospect of being called upon to dine with
the great and powerful, and may aspire to nothing more
than getting home with their heads intact.

When an ornate carriage arrived for you, you packed
your possessions (anything from your tunic without the
holes to trunks full of brocaded silks), said farewell to your
bewildered friends and family (furiously jealous husbands,
suspicious abbots, etc.) and set off on what may likely be
the longest trip you have ever taken — into the dark wilds
of the Carpathian woods.

Aftera fortnight of jarring travel through rough roads,
mud and pouring rain, you arrive late at night at the Red
Lamb, acozy inn where most of the travelers are also on the
toad to the Giovanni manse. The dinner at the manse is to
be held the following evening, and youare tostay at the inn
for the night.

The game now begins.

Appendix: Beginning the Game


The Masquerade GAME FACTORY:

FoR ADULTS ONLY a:

* be \) i) i ISBN 1-56504-250-6  WW2090 $15.00/821.75 CAN.
