# File: Giovanni Chronicles III - The Sun Has Set.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

BEACK DOG
GAME FACTORY
_ Fv Aous Our


Che Sun Has Set

By Christopher Howard


Credits WWIHL Special Thanks

Author: Christopher Howard Jeff "Boors of Justice" Holt, for bri
Developer: Ken Cliffe ‘on the phy.
Editor: 2 Eid "Specs" Hall, for knowing when to use protection

jing his foor down,

Art Director: Lawrence Srelly Rich "Puif Daddy" Thomas, for failing to learn from
Layout & Typesetting: Conan H. Venus Ed's lesson, and divcovering that skulls are hard.
‘Arts Dennis Calero, Richant Clark, Betan LeBlane Fred "Tiger" Yelk, for throwing his clab—er, stick
and Chriscopher Shy ‘when the play just won't come together,
Cartographer: Christopher Howatd Rich "Arena Toss" Dansky; for mascering the play he
Cover Design' Conan 11. Venu pearenionre

‘Andrew "This Much" Bates, for lacking that "two

inches from perfect..

Brian "Blood Goalie" Glass for bringing the game to
hal by spitting

Greg "For the Love of Christ" Fountain, for having @
healthy sense of fear in net

Brian "Spartacus" Petkash, for being the Ges
Hamilton of the asphalt

Cary "Third Nipple" Goff, for knowing how to wears
werise shoe

Dean "Hop Along
swing, bum knee and all,

Matt "Fred Astaire" Mitherger, for dancing more than
shooting.

Mike "Knee Capp
tha you will yer hurt.

Rob* Chios" Dixoa,forkeeping everyone on theit toes
— even his own teammates

Steve "Long Arm of the Law" Wieck, for having that
big D. reach,

Burnham, for racing down the

Tiny, for being living proof

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Ine. Allrights reserved. Reproduction |
735 PARK NORTH BLD, without the writcen permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden,
except for the purposes of reviews. White Wolf, Vampire dhe Masquerade!
and Vampite the Dark Ages are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Giovanni Chronicles, The Last Supper, Blood and Fire, The Sun
Hs Set, Vampire Players Guide, Clanbook Tims, Clanbook Cappautoctan,
‘Clankook Giovanni and Black Dog Game Factory are trademarks of White
Woif Fablohing, tne. All nhs reserved. All characcers, names, placesana|
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Ine

Themention of or reference to any company or product in these pages isnota challenge tothe trademark oe copyright!
concemed

Gant Stamte

This book ses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes, All mystical and supemanural elements ace
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only, For adules only
‘Check out White Wolf online
hrpefwew.white-wol com; alt ames. whitewol and teem

PRINTED IN THE USA,

pstorvteller


Giovanni Chronicles Ill:

Che Sun as Set

Contents
Introduction
Preludes 20
Book One: London Ghost Story 28
Book Two: Paths of the Dead 88

Appendices



The Sun Has Sets the thitd book in the Giovanini Chronicles series alin

Last Supperandcontinued in Blood & Fire, Thisbook deals with the ongoing saga of Clan Giowanni and the growing threat
s to the Kindted of all other clans. While they have seemingly withdrawn from the Jyh, the Giovanni have

spread silently ike acancer, growing in both tempor

d necromantic power. They have few Kinulred rivals in thelrstudie
of the dead, which makes them a threat like no other

his book, the conflict between the players' characters and the Giovanni intensifies. No longer content to stage fet
from the shadows, the Giovanni resort to open warfare ayainst the hated characters. The Sun Has Set is intended primarily
cen through the first two chapters of this series, Almost two centuries hav

passed since the events
hood & Fire and the characters now wield considerable power within vampire soci

This chronicle can be told with
‘sion (see New
Wanni, and interference jn the Necromancers' plans. soon make the

‘rand new characters, though. Players simply need to create elder characters tinder the Storyteller's supe
Chanter), New chanicters' encounters with the ¢

elders targets of revenge by the Roman vampires

Introduction


Why Black Dog?

‘The Giovanni Chronicles belong te the Black Dog Gunne Factory line for several reasons, but not for the most
‘obvioui ones. Many people equate Black Dog to sex and violence —a chance for Whice Wolfto do splatter books
that the roleplaying indusry doesn't normaly tolerate. Thar'e not che mocive behind these books, though. We
‘created Black Dog 0 experiment with roleplaying, ro present sss thar our hobby doesn'c normally address, sich
ste horific depths of evi imdty examine oupselves through playing extreme scenes and characters. Sometimes
you have eo do juice to keene, charicter Gr circumstance, such as the malignant comuption of a player' own
charscter, and-to be trie ro the subject matter. That might mean porting charaéter'sdownward spiral, and the
‘lens thar comes with it. Black Dog was ereared to offer you that freedom.

The Giovann Chronicles is Black Dog because you are called upon toportnycensuries-old vampires wha uve
probably forgotten or no longer sare about what it means to be human. Death is meaningless, thus your charucters
‘can take the lives of others as they please. With this indifference can also come depravity —if life offers no more
appeal, what pursuits will undying vampires resort to for enterrainment Torture? Abuse? Corruption? And how long
‘can even these acts break up the monotony before only truly heinous esd fire a spark of interest?

‘The Giovanni Chronicles let you play euch chanicters, which goes fran vay from what moe gaming groups
necomplinh with their stories: We acknowledge that you ace capable of handling and depicting extreme scenes,
characters und events in your games — you probably da it by course with even traditional roleplaying products
However by offering this series, we msist on your maturity, respect for other players and awareness that dhs s just
‘form of entertainment. That's why the Giovanni Chronicles — andl this book —are included in the Black Dog
line

This is just s game,

What Has Gone Before

Giovannt Chironicles 1 (1444): The Last Supper dealt with the death of the Antediluvian Cyppadocts and the
ascendance of the Giovanni Necromancers. Characters created during that story began as the pawns (and tneal) of the
(Conspiracy of Isic — a group of vampires committed to helping the Giovanni achieve supremuicy aver Clan Cappadocian
The conspiracy attempted to use the characters as foxkler against its enemies, the Founders of the Camarilla, The tables
camned, however, and the characters struggled agamst thett erstwhile sires at the Founders' command, In doing so, the
characters learned two yecrets: The Antediluvian Cappdocius sought apotheosis, a state of godhood, and Augustus
Grovanni sought Cappadocias' death, Augustus slew Cappadccius and deank the Antediluvian's blood, leading tothe end
of the Cappadoctan Clan and to the rise of the Giowann in its place

Giovanni Chronicles Il (1666): Blood & Fire chronicles the chiracters'quest (undertaken by onlerof the Camarilla's
Founders) for anccromantic document, the Sargon Fragment, stolen by the Giovanni mastermind Ambrogine —a powerful
and enigmatic elder. The Founders believed this document, previously hidden in the Vatican, contained the nectomantic
formula that Cappadacius used in his pursuit of apotheosts The Founders feared whar a sorcerer of Ambroyzina silk might
so with this mtormanon. Ambrogino's tail led trom Keme ti the Black Monastery near Base, SwitzerLind, where the
characters: met several elders of the nascent Sabbat. The eldets sought spiritual paths to guide the sect and offered the
characters clues to Ambrogio's movements, in return fo philosophical insights.

‘Thestory concluded in London, where Ambrogino sought the services of the Tremene anstnib Mallotte, w
the Fragment. The characters also learned of another party who was interested in the Sargon Fragment, the
Jocalo. In the end, the Tremere sorcerer betrayed Ambrogino by attempting tose a spell from the doctnent in a personal
bid for godhead. Mallotte's plans went awry, though, as the unimaginable power invoked by the eitual reduced him co a
cinder. The Sargon Fragmene was destroyed in the resultant Great Fire of Landon ind put the characters' struggle with the
Giovanni stalernate

ated
tite Court

‘The Sun Has Set


Giovanni
Chronicles Ill
Synopsis

Book One (London, 1848)

Storytelling The
Sun Has Set

Introduction


* Determine what each player's character has been
doing for the past 200 years, and integrate that information
into the background to this book. Most importantly; where
do de characters currently stand herween the Camaifla
and Sabbat? Political affiliations are fundamental t0 bow
this chapter unfolds. A yroup af Sabbat churactery might
hip stage the revolt in London, white a band of Camacilla
‘characters might fight to stop the Sabbat usurpers. Charac
{ess make different comtets.and learn varying information
‘based on their sect loyalties — or disloyalties

‘The prelinles detailed in this book wre instran
‘tablishing background to this chapter, and they shal
run before proper play begins.

* Read this entire book before staging any element of
the chronicle. You should havo a general sense of where
events can lead before diving in. That may seem obvious,
bur is very important here because players have so many
options before them that this book can ke almost any
course. Character could prove wo be disinterested int affairs
‘occurring in England, in which ease you must adape the
story for them to he motivated to travel to Egypt in search
‘of mote information on the Sargon Fragment.

* Although you know wha can generally happen tn
this book, read, eam aboot and master onty small portions

content ata time — probably enough for one ar two
nights' game sessions. That way you can tailor events
dlrectly to what dhe characcers have dome andl will do next
‘There's no poine in mastering all of the permutations chat
this book can hive; you'll ell only one story in the en

* After staging this storys pretudes, and ater staging
each night's seston, a
plan to de next. That i

alin
Ibe

ie plavers whae their characters
tt allows you to prepare for
the next seston and lets you prepare and stage events
nlessy, Events can certainly go in different directions
than those outlined here, but you can anticipate these
possibilities by questioning the players after cach game

Charactersin
The Sun Has Set

Playersin this chum

cio the Giovanni Chronicles may
acters from ome ofthe last two lwaks, vr they
‘may cteate new ones for this chronicle, Neweousers ti the:
chroniele can also invent character: now and be introduced
vat and ongoing events.

Old Characters

\¢the playersare wing characters from the previous two
books, thet characters are complex entities with strong
enwns for paticipating in coming events. They witnessed
the diablerie of Cappadocrus, thy cold-blooded slaughter of

use their cha

The Sun Has Set

one of the very Antediluvians, and chey have wrestled for
centuries with munlerous Giovanni who seek to achieve
godhood.

The player charnctersareseventh generation (barring
any diablerie during previousevents) and are over 400 years
cold. at the outset of this book. They may have pursued any
course of study over the past rwo centuries and learned all
manner of secrees and gained incredible powers (see Sub-
jects of Research, below). Generations of humans have
been born, remade the world and tured to dust while the
charactors have remained the came. linmortale can dales
deeply into any realm of sclenee, art ot vice. Players in. an
ongoing chronicle receive 45 freebie points to represent
thetr character' activities over the past two centuries.

The Sworyeetler should help acclimate these elders 19
theworkl ofthe 9th century. Charactersof thisageare now
strong, if not pivotal, players in vampire society. At the
same time, however, they have become more aware of the
freatct power games played by the ancients. For all of the
characters' apparent power, truly old vampires consider the
characters tobe little more than children.

Acthe other end of the spectrum are the growing ranks
of neonates. and of humanity isell. Mest young Kindeed
consider elders, like the characters, to he the entrenched!
‘Vampire establishment. Some resent being manipalaced by
the characters. while others ery to ingratiate themselves
increase their own power. Young Cainites are also more
familiar with the modem world and consider the chameters

robe tempting targets fordiublerie. The character hold the
middle ground in the Jyhad, hetswen the agciants and the
infants, nnd hey must watch their step i'they are to survive

Players should explain what their characters have done
for the past nwo centuries, Have they accepted roles as the
personal agents of the Fourslerst Perhaps they bave jouned
the Sabbac to escape the Founders' influence. Have they
spent the last two centuries expanding their financial hold
ings, studying arcane lore orartempringto gain information
on the Giovanni? How players spent experience points
‘eared in the last chapcer, snd how freebie points ate spent
‘now, greatly influencescharacters'pastactwvitiesand present
plans.

As Storyteller, you should try
along avenues that keep them within the scope of che
ongoing chronicle, Try to reinforce the notion that che
clders have inherited a destiny that's intertwinest with that
of the Giowanriias revealed by Dunga Syn's prophecy of the
Blood Ejgrin The Last Supper. Just be suns roe to pressure
the characters in thie direction; players don't like 10 be
curtailed or suspect that their character are being con
trolled. The patterns of fave become ull too clear by this
chaprer's

se characters


You and players should also comsider the psychological
charges that take place in vampires of this age, Some may
have divorced themselves completely from human society.
Honever, chiracters born ind Embraced during The Last
Supper were products of the rapidly changing Renaissance
world. They may huve less trouble adapting t6 the changes
of the past 200 years ¢han do varnpires Embraced even a
mere century before thee.

And yet, certain melancholy and stagnation set in
after four centuries, no matter when a vanmpite was Exn-
traced. Young Kindred may maineain regular contact with
humans, bur human concerns are increasingly alien at age
400. Many vampiresbelieve that amassingpower among the
Kindred santitheticalto any netienscthumanity. Remain:
ing involweel in human affairs requiees a very special effort.
‘The characters' many experiences have probably made
them jaded, They have lost two Humanity points over the
past couple of centuries, Those character' who have con-
centrated on retaining a human perspective may spend
freebie points to buy these leat Trats ck ae four potnts per
dlot of Humanity.

New Characters

‘Although this hook is primarily for those familine with
its ewo predecessor it possthle ro play The Sun Has Set
asastand-alone scenario with new characters. This nption
requires. little more werk on the Storyteller's part, though,

e's assumed that the events of the fim two books
occured, albeit with different protagonists, (Cappadociun
was diablerized, and the Founders sent agents to intercept
the Sargan Fragment.) New characters take up the toech
from vampires who have fallen or disappeared since the
events ofthe las book

New charactets probably don't have the sime interests
in Clan Giovanni us do thove who have been through The
Last Supper and Blood & Fite. Therefore, the Storyteller
‘must help players invent characters' concerns forthe pro-
ceedings of this book.

Perhaps the characters had holdings in 17th-century
London that were descrayed in the Great Fire, and they
leamed only recently that the Cicwanni were responsible
forthe con Revenge might certainly be in order.
Perhaps fate chooses the characters 10 become its next
champions against the Giovanni, and the elders are ap:
proached by the visionary Durgz Syn, who warns them of
the fate ubout e0 befall thera, Or, the players! characters
‘ould have been Embraced centuties ayo by the Camarila
Foundersand trained eversince ta heceme weapons wielded
by the scet. The cklets ar ler loose on the
‘now, Ultinuitely, the new characters' moeives for contend
ing with the Gioyanai ate left you based on who the
players create.

ani only

Players should design their character according to the:
normal generation procedure, but you should yi
character 50 freebie points with which 1 handle the pent:
ooustasksahead. You mayalsoallow new characters wispen
asixth freebie point un the Generation Background. allow
ing them to buy their characters up to seventh gemeruti
New characters should not be neonates; they could not
survive the rigors of this book. "New" characters might be ar
much as 400 years old and have accrued a certain degree of
temporal and personal power. (That i they have some
thing thae the Giovani endanger with the Neco
bid for godhead.) The players' charsete
Status ut ate probably not om a frst-name basis with dhe

Founders or Subbat elders who populated the previous two
hooks

may have some

Character Loyalties

Although clan or sect loyalties may play
character activities, personal ambition 183 vampice'sstton
eet motivator. Age und blood usuatly rump "rank" tn
srouns like the Camarilla cr the Sabbat: the characters are
il figures no matter how they lend their support

ation ismainly for purposes protection among
the Kindred. Young Camitessongregate taresistthe macht
nations oftheir alder. Yo, rogulat contact with a citcle of
close confidante fs the excepeicn by age 400. Even the
osest of powerful allies seek ro turn events primarily to
their own pavantage, Characters in The Sun Has Set my
ako age to work with foreven for elder

point, but usually ax a means to increase their persoxal
power. Eder characters may be offered favors, lands, access,
1 or control of hends, training in Disciplines, ser
anything thar they as wecruraal lords ad ladies could find
‘wefu! in their unlives. By no means should the elder' peer
wive the characters orders or expect anythiny frm ther
tharisn'rpald for. Such isone ofthe benefits of power fr the
players! characters

And yet, despite the character formidable age, ome
Kindred in this book posses: even greater power. These
‘monstrous forces may become puissant allies or lonw-term
enemiesofthe characters. Pethapsonly they have te power
to muly ve the characters orders, and even then. its with
some expectation of resentment revenge.

Introduction


Storytelling Elder Characters

‘Storytelling a chronicle involying elder vampires can be difficult. Ar 400 years, and as the moat openly
active players in the Jyhad, there is little thar they fear. With characters as powerful anid arrogant as only
aged! immortals can be, yome players think their characters should be able to do anything. Keeping such
characters "in line" may he something of a challenge for the Storyceller.

There are a number of things you can do tu keep the game on tiack. Lise contested roll; they pit a
character's capabilities dircetly against an adversary'sof equal ot superior skill. That way, « churacter with
high Traitscores can't simply throw her weight around; her powers are countered by those of hee vampiric
peers

Fiayers should remember tha their characters are elders — the figutes of power in Kindred sociery
Elders don't usually dicty cheit hands with lawly activities such as fighting neonates and gathering a herd,
Elders operate behind the scenes and use neonates and ghouls to accomplish "minor" goals. Ao elder's
Background Traits indicate who and what isar his beck and call, Agents and proxies can stage a wide
‘of missions, Jst because ant elder can perform an action easily doesn't mean that he lowers hime
actually doing tt.

Keep in mind, however, that pawns can be destroyed by

destroyed easily by the forces of opposing elders, or by the waa

il powers. Ghouls and neonates might be
hs that the Giovanni control. As the
ctor have aged and gained power, s0, (oo, have their enemies, Elder chamcters thus have to use the:
agents wisely or they might have none left.

Vampires do not live for centuries by being careless arstupid. Elder vampires are master mampulators.
However, even they are manipulated by greater powers (untess the characters avoid all contact with other
Kindred). Characters who theow their power around enay be teined tn quickly by chetr superiors, «
der threat of Final Death or through the mysterious evaporation of all of the elders" resources

Another avenue to explore in keeping power-hungry chatacters in line re the advantages, disadvan.
tiges and idiosyncrasies of immortality, After faut contre, vampires! survival instincts are strong wind
certain degree of paranoia is unavoidable; most elders fear anything thu might end their lang unlives
Suspicion, fear and underlying weakness ore significant aspects of elder existence, A rampaging character
mary be quieted with » umple reminder of his altamate vulnerability. A near-successful attempt at diableric
by @ Young vampire can remind an elder how delicare hie unlife te

Furthermore, old Kindred almost invariably suffer mental stagnancy. Meat elders have a difficult ime
comprehending modern technology, fashion vc social tends, The Storyteller may force characters to take
the Anachronism Flaw to distance elders from the world that they might wreak havoe on.

Anyund all of there techniques reinind dtherwise powerful elder cluatacters of thelr weakniessex: Only
foolhardy vampire disregards his failings, und he certainly won't remain an eldec for long.

s The y have investigated the powers of
Subjects of Jghahces te Mates cleaenaetent
in the Giovanni series that let characters ghosts,

Research dhreagentsofthe Onvanni, Actiarecter who eams AUER,

whether asa clan or out-of-clan Discipline, can use
After thetr last major encounter with the Giova Increasing Perception or Empathy also rasses a charncter's
Blood & Fire, charactors may have pursued areas of study sensitivity tn wraiths,
ad them again the Necromancers: These may inclade The characteesmay have reseatched Thauacaturgy nnd
of Kindred Lore (specialising sn Lilith or passed any leads to the Sargon
scion myths), the Chaldean Langu: Lore cesses in either effort are determined by the Storyteller,
(opecialiingin the Muldle Eastor London).Scoresinthese depending. on how far the elders ean impose apon or
‘canbe parchasednormaliythroughexperienceeamed _insinute thernselvesinto Clan Iremece, nd depentingson
inpreviouschaptersocthroughtheextrafrechiepointsthat the nrture of any clues gained ta the Fragen
player have to spend before this chapter begins. And finally, the characters could have studied Clan
Giovannt inelf ta hopes of understanding theie enetnies.

Sun Has Ser


Lore from The Vampire Players Guide), How

Resea

ing the Gi

they have likely e

ince the promise in 1528, when they

actual nature of this relationship 1
lars attribute i

justifyingtheir

by Au
fart most) they ah

rovanni, though nochow hie actually

2a in this book absolute

ynity for che characters

cesthe elders a ity co observe

Supper (she has fled h
mancers'nctions. Indeed, the charactersmay be:
he Romanclan.Ifthis isthe

If the charscter

sn about the death of

tied (se¢ Clanbook
the Giovanni have
asubsrantial reward for the capture of Mariani, the
the characters met in The Last
clan and is now

anni in their studies, Augustus' minions

8 of and duels with th
Alternatively, the Storyceller may

merce and may have manipulated tempor

w players to acquire Giovanni Lore (bases on Camarilla

Giovanni area

in. They make effectiv

Introduction

‘we of Potence and are quicker to initia

combat thammost stances, and its areare hummnces are alone imposible to learn
Kindred are. An overcinquastive character might have from an unwilling eapeive. Furthermore, young Otowmnnt
found hisselffaee toface with relatively powedulGiovanni seem tobe under the effeets ow rtual blood prohibition that
pawns in the past, which could have shocked Kindred proscrihes them fro ing the Discipline ro outsiders.
lnccumtoened to manipulation or intrigue, rather chan beute Members ofthe clan have heen quicker to die under toreure
force tuther than reveal the Romans' great secret. Finally, the

You are free to embellish characters encounters with —_Glovannt wete supposedly Necromancers befote their Ei
the Giovanni in the past, and thar may explain how the brace and seem rohaveennaniral affinity for theart. Giovanni
Roman clan reacted to the elders' snowping. Indeed, citing Necromancy appears t be "in the blood" — in-born rather

ist of wrongs that the Giovannt have perpetrated than aciuieed

the characters ayer the past 200 years rekindles the players" Another explanation for why characters cannot learn
dislike for the Romans, establishes mood for the coming Necromancy isthat they have been touched by fate, Destiny
story, and gets The Sun Has Set starred on the right foot. has broughr the characters and the Giovanni together as
The rival clan may have killed charactes' loyal retainers, enemies: though, they seem etemally hound, they ace also
feared the eldersforcrimesaygainsttheCamarillaorSabbat, eternally divided. The Giovanni's" Via Ossin" (Red of Bones)
‘or ever destroyed ay character' childer and en- isnot the character' path to walk, but it is not the only path
soaced the victims' souls tbe used as wraithly pawns. lertanding.Japheth'seloaksard! Thaumacurgy

ie elders' primary toals in gaining more supernatural
Necromancy power (studying Thaumaturgy és discussed above). Ofcourse,
Ieishighly ikely thar the characters have been able the characters may recognize their con

sislourn Nesruenancy over thepaieracicantiries, Thcreiny —Crovanid and the shar gubliee
have tried to pry its sectets from captured Giovanni, but the enemies, only with time. The Storyteller may point it out
such attempts werealoont certainly futile. Necromuancy is almost as un observation made after centuries of the charac
ditficult Discipline tosinderstand under the best of citcam- tes' contemplation oftheir untives.

Storytelling Wraiths

‘The Giovannt's control of wraiths makes the vimpites dangerous co Kindred as a whole, Wraiths ave an
tawisible enemy and, as faras most Kindred know, could be-ar any place at any time. Vampires who deal with
the Giovanni rapidly become paranoid, whether they realize it or not. That fear js justified; wraiths are the
Giovanni'seyes and ears, and they are dispatched to obscrve any place where ur perron with whom the Giovanni
have business. Wraiths are invisible, they can go through walls und possess plerhors of unknown powers. The
question, then, 1s how does one defend against them?

The characters can't beweraith-proof, but they can be wraith-resistant spend points to uscrease
Occult Knowledge. snectalizing in wraiths. tfyon have Wraith: The Oblivion, you may reveal select passages
fromm that game to knowledgeable characters, Occultists realize that just because wraiths can be everywhere, that

doesn'cmean they are everywhere. There are, therefore, some common-serise measures that characters can mike
against them.

Obtuscate ts the most obvious defensive measure at the elders' command. Even at its lowest level (Cloak
of Shadows), Obfuscate can poteotially hide a character from most common wraiths (make a.contested toll of
the wraith's Perception versus dhe vampire's Obfuscate rating), Chimerstey and Obtencbratton can likewise be
sed to fool all but few ghosts. Some Nosferatu and Malkavians have used Mask ofthe Thousand Faces to create
‘ouluiple Gke personalities to confuse wraiths and to feed the Giovatins false formation. Use of Auspex 4
(Telepathy) 1s almost completely safe from prying wraiths: (However, if characters speak solely Uisough
Telepathy, other Kindred become suspiciousaf hem, or believe thecharacters tobe outright sinister.) Japhech's
cloaks (see below) are perhaps the most reliable means by which the characters can perceive wraiths when this
chapter begins

Despite the power of their nectomantic abilities, the Giovanni have fewer wraiths under their direct
control than wary Kindred would believe. Many wraiths tetain identities in the afterlife are resiscone to,
control by the Romans, Other wraiths hate the Necromancers and work against them. Such wmiths could even
help the characters

The Storyteller should create the illusion that the Giovanni and their pawns are omniselenp, but the
chnracters' paranoia may give the Necromancers more credit than they're due

The Sun Has Set


The World ofthe
19th Century

‘The work! has changed a great deal in the 182 years
siner the events af Blood & Fire. The {8th and 19h
centuries have been fraught with revolution, turmoil and
opie eechnologicaland social progress. The ScientificRevo-
ution begun inthe 17th century hasborn fruit, culminating

jstrial Revolution. Humanity's place in the uni-
verse has grown both larger and smaller. Kepler's discovery
tha the sun has taken' roor jn the human
povche; Earth is no longer the celestial diadem at the

e. however, the Age

Explon
mapped all but the most dita
{ny human 50x
religion are rapidly giving way to popular sovereignty.
‘Another great factor in the h rationalist
‘mode of thought embodied by Enlightenment-era philoso
phersandthesewho follow them. Thinkerssuch as
Rouueau and the Founding Fathers of the American Re
public introduce such radical notions "fundamental
rights." The international siave trade hasalso waned by the
mid-19th century,
tied much of the industrial world together; travel is safer,
faster and mére comforcable now than ever before. The new
capitalism hasspawned improvementsin
living standaeds for millions, while at the same time giving
‘se tna host af new soctal lls, In industrial cities throughout
the world, children labor 16-hour work days under danger-
coy and umhealthy conditions, while the plight of the pooe
Meanwhile, the European Camarilla has expanded its
wer throughout the Westen world and seems to he the
preeminent power in Kindred society, Concentrations of
‘urban citizens and the poot make feeding alrwost
vampires. The Ventrue and Toreador mostly sate their
palaces on the cream of European society, while leseciviized
predators cast a dark shadow throughout the slums, Gruel-
fag work days, aluoluvlivas and despair thave: Eackess bse
spirits of many urban poor, who are like cattle awaiting
shugheer
"The Sabbt exodus from Europe has continued un:
abated dumtig the pust wo centuriesand led tostrong nit
soins in the Americas, while largely ceding Eunape to the
‘Camarilla. Subbat expansioa in the New World has slowedl
considerably, however, after the Tzimixce launched an
artack on Lasomibra interests under caver of Shay's Rebel
fiom un 1786. What began asa private struggle in the New
‘World has reverberared hack to Europe as an all-out war
berscen several powerful Sabhar elders. The Sabbat i now

on has continued unabated, Explorers have now
reaches of the world.

peasy for

divided against itself, The sect's continued existence is tr
ddoube by the middle of the 19th century. Some Sabbat
leaders fea that a single well-placed blow by the Camila
could destroy theit sect forever. Therefore, these Jenlers
advocate a unilaeral cessation of aggression against the
Camaritla while the Sabbar deals with tts own problems
Despite this onfer, others in the Sabha have increased

attacks on Camarila interests. These aids have coin ide
with a rash of human revolutions in the middle of the
century,

1848

Revolutions sweep throughout Europe, heaving i
cities in flames. Popular insurrections have scaered Py
Vienmi, Mila a
theads of Europe fear cont
dented scale and have brutally suppreseed revolts. Under
cover af these rebellions an influential Bruja elder named
Streck has attacked Camarilla interests in. manner not
seen in over 15D years. Streck uses guerrilla tacts
strikes at Camacilla interests from the shadows and
before the establishment can mount effective counter
tacks

Although Screck's atmeks have not yet caused major
damage to the Camarilla, its leaders fear that these strikes
are merely preludes to a. greater campaign, One of che
(Camarill's strengths and miost appeal iru qualities is that it
provides order and safety for is metnbets. Streck hav in
tionally killed four Camarilla neonates while leaving the
cold guard untouched. The attacks have undercut many
‘young vampires' confidence in the Camarilla, and Streck
assed thisdivisivenessto recruit co-conspirarorstrowa the
fringes of Camanila sociery:

This is the world that characters live
the forces that they must deal eth at the onset

Has Set.

Dramatis
Personae

The first two books of the Gi
duced n host of characters, some of whom do ot can appear
in this book. The following isa brief description of itnpon
tant figures from the previous books. This list is meane 10
refresh your memory. Thave who do tt have the eatler
books may use chis w a guide c© the namer that appear
hereafter. You may use some of these characters ashooks co
ineroduce (oe reintroduce) the players' charicters to the
chronicle. Most ofthe figures descethed here do not inter
vvene ditectly in the events of this book Others prowide
dlinect motive for the characters ts

nd these ate

The Sun

wnni Chronicles intro:

Wolved in events in

Introduction


4

London, where The Sun Has Set gets unsderway. Vou may
intredice these people 10 your chapter as you see fit
ie depeh of your chronicle.

The Camarilla

‘The Foundershave

depending on

cultivatetkeir*adopted

yes in the incerests of Camanilla unity
theless, the Foundets are a fractious lot; their personal

jons frequently eclipse thei epa
in the 19th century, Does Adana de Sforza, Bruja le
play the characters off other powerful vampires in
ensure her continued survival in the New World? Does the
secretubwut

veross clan

amb

wn thetoric

vlan Pounder, Carnille Ban
jetery and make dist
i her religious rhetoric, pressuring the characters to act
as her Comarilla pawns? Or does Mistress Fanchor

like the ebaractes wil ind it for her? And what
does von Bauren, Nosécratu Founder, do to undermine

No matter what the Founders' machi nd per:
sonal pha remember thar they're more powerful than
the characters are and manipulate even the characters
potent elders.

HHonships with the Camarilla. Do they seek power using te
sect asa vehicle, or do they belong to the organization
oly safery and eonvensen

"responsibilities" ifthey ak

a5 8 instnament of pow

The characters gain certain
all advantage of the Cancilla

Charac
may have a

the Founders
seat deal of influcnce over the Camarilla.
v the high rank of Archon (Statue 5) if thet
choractersserve the Founders faithfully. The rank of prince
ly cur of reach as tewad for

ted) proxeny

cor Justicar dangles vane
inspect
the sect in this way
tects, though tha
sect sfortunes. Loyal Camurillacharactets shouldbe ac
aware thar — while the sect has
and prestige — even older
should they fll

Characters who did not participate in the events ofthe
Previous ewo books may sill be «nder the Founders' sway
individual soup. Some of the Founders may even
give letters "new" characters, introducing them to
members of the London Primogen for when the events of
et underway

wy he among the Camarilla's atch
ans their power rises or falls with the

ined a great deal of power
were wait to devour them

this book

The Sun Has Set


Eklers who are tentatively ee tothe Camarilla —only
‘islong.as it protects them — have acertain independence,
but they are also endangered by their very seetmates. Char-
acters who pay lip service to the Camarilla's leaders do not
‘un afoul of the Founders une the characters break the
Traditions or otherwise attrict unwanted attention. Elders
\who have shown only passing deference to the sect receive
Tite ceesympathy from the Founders and no support from
other Camarilla member, who let endangeced characters
hangout tody.A German elder andhal-heartedCamarill
constituent who offends the Chamberlain of Londen is not
likely tobe spared thanesto akin letter from sect Founders

Ultimacely, the Founders may have information bout
a forthcoming Sabbuat attack on London and negotiate with,
the characters to investigate or even put down the assault.
events of this book) The Founders respect the relative
authority of elder vampires, so they are willing to pay
hhandyomely with power, titles, favors, Blood reserves se
‘cessor nds —but theyaliohave thestrength tomanipalste
the character into doing their bidding, The players! char
acters ae powerful, but they are no match fot the elders.

Camilla Banes (Malkavian): This Molkavian lender
hadaspecial relationshup with Cappadociusand isastavero
hs posthumws eult of personality. She seemingly regards
Cappadocius as both a lover and 9 Messiah figure, though
‘none knows the eruth (if any) of her relationship with the
Anrediluvian, Camilla encourages any chanicters enchus-
astically (including those of other clans) ro investigate tho
foul Giovanni who murdered hee "beloved Cappadocius."

CCamulla has an obvious martyr complex and sleeps
<tucified on an iron cross, Her muna seems to have Chis.
{ian trappings, butsome suggestthatsheactsoutofcaleutared
self-interest rnther than out of any true devotion. Ulti:
mately, no ome is aware of Camilla' true motives, which is
‘specially tue in matters mvolving the Sargon Fragment.
(Cauuilla has un enigmatic connection with a mad vampire
‘prophet named Anatole. The nature of this relationship i
iho obscure,

Rafael de Corazon (Toreador): Many Kindred consid
cred all-out war with humanity during che Inquisition
Rafiel de Corazon was one of the powers who averted a
bloodbath. He is the most high-profile of de Founders
However, characters who have known him since the events
‘of The Last Supper might consider de Corazon lctle noxe
thana figurehead;he has many biases against the otherelans
— and many more personal agendas, De Corazon resents
sinarchs, in puricular, and Brijah by extension. He may
fecruitchanicters to watch over these that he perceives 9
be influenced by Adana de Sforza (essentially, anyone who
does not beat the Camanlla drum Tong and loud), Despite
his Camarilla rhetoric, Rafael is far more motivated by

personal gain than by ideology. He wew seduction and hie
flnwless beauty to got his way. He has particular interest in
the Giovanni, though strangely notin the Sargon Fragment

Rafoel de Corton led negodations in the 1528 treaty
berween the Camarilla and the Giovanni. Although his
"inept" ratification of the treaty has become something of
joke among the Necromancers, Rafael is shrewder than bis
foppinhslemeanor suggests. (For more on Ra
sce Children of the [nquisition,)

Adana de Sforza (Brujah): The Brujab Founder has
‘been slipping philosophically toward anarchism for over a
century, and she shows liebe mterest sn the Osowanint. The
oly thing thatretgnites her interest in Carmarila politics te
direet proof of another copy of the Sarg Fragment.

Adana moved ro America during the 1770s and in.
volved herself in vampiric events duting the Amettcan
Revolution, and she has come into violent conflict with
several Sabbar eklers. Adan seems to have mere enemies
thin any other Founder bur has survived thanks to her wit
anda powerful, unknown patroa. Adana de Stotza i fast to
anger, but she is a useful ally to those who earn her respect.

Mistress Fanchon (Tremere): Mistress Fanchot has
developed a near mania forthe Sargon Fragment since its

avery and the events ot Blood & Fire. She is tent in

Chaldean and well-versed in ancient lore She is master
oceultist, and a frightening intelligence glitters in her eyes.
Funchon attempts to engage some of the character as her
‘gents in matierspertainingto the Fragment and otters great
rewards for success. Tremete under her sway know the
penalty fr failure or betrayal issevere. The demande af her
Service are rigorous, bur characters may find the power she
epwesents tho alluring to resist — an Archon under her
‘tutelage carries much authority in the clan.
‘Tremere is the most hic hical of the Camaritla clans
irisalmone impomtble foe members to avoid Ue whens
of their superiors. A Tremere character who partook in the
Previons two hooks and who wants to escape Fanchon's
service now might join the Sabbat or gain another powerful
TTremete mentor instead. Indeed, u Tremere cluster may
seek the Sargon Fragment and other ancient magic to free
himself of Fanchon's control.

Hardestadt (Ventrue): Despite hiy blustery reputa-
thon, Hardestadt isa shrewd tacti and the epitome of the
political vampire. He takes the threat seriously,
but the Sabbat worries him more. He encourages chanictery
under his sway to look out for matters of genetal Camarill
security, including the actions of the G in, should
events warrant, Hardestadr ts both the childe and deseen-
dane of a much older vampire of the same name (the enemy.
cof the Beujah Tyler). Hardestadt lives in Berlin, though he
‘still maintains Castle Deverick, his Italtan haven. He feels
contempt for those who have not lived the military life, and

lle Corson,

Introduction


the feeds ony from military men. Hediplaysan overwhelm:
ing hatred of the Sabhar (Streck, in particular), and
Hardestade rewards richly thave who weaken the rival sect

Miloy Petcenkov (Gangrel): Petrenikow disappeared
Into the wilds of Siberia during the 1820s and no one has
seen him since. He love much of his identity to his bestial
nature in the decades preceding his disappearance, and
soppoveally, he hua! riers and enemies ultke among the
Lupines. Some believe he wasadiablerise whohunted other
vampires for sport. Before his disappearance, Petrenkor
showed little interest in the Giovanni oF in culivating the
hava tce (wiles previous roleplaying decided otherwise).
‘Those who managed the dificult task of guining his conf
dence discovered that his intrigue for the Giovanni was
seater than he professed.

Villers (Ventrue Chamberlain): I hecharacterstnet
Valerius during the events of the last book. He is currently
(Chamberlain to Prince Mithras of London and has spoken
inhi lord sstead since the Methuselah disappeaed in 1898.
Valerius ts periups the mest influential Kindred in the
Beitish Iles The characters may have cultivated the cham-
ally uring Blood & Fire, but hive rodeal with
him in London resndless of their previous relations with
frm, Vatertusascatted a Conclave recently todiseuss what
steps the Comarilla muse take on tis, the SOth anniversary
of Mithras' disappearance.

Violetta usticae): She toole at) active rate in thi
‘eventy of Blood & Fire, Characters who worked with her
‘may have gained her loyalty. The Toreaidorembedies poli

stability amid the fractiousness ofthe Founders, but she
them. She isstern about
on as Justia anid toleratestwo activities that
undermine the Camarlla, These who have ma
clove relations with Violetta since the London fire realize
thar she fias become decadent and detached. (Some it
tion (0 fer nimored consumption of
faetic blood.) A certain harness hus also crepe into her
demeanor and her smile has grown a litle cruel.

Violecta may "contract" the characters — individually
‘ir enyemble— to investigate Giovanni oe Sabbae activities
nLondon, Ifthe charsctersdid not gain hers anally during
the events ofthe last book, they may have an opportuniy 19
do 0 in this one by fulfilling her mission. See the lusticar
prelude in the next chapter for mie

Josef von Baucen (Nosferatu): The cautious asst von
Buuren may be the glue that holds the Founders together,
The Giovanni interest him, but he also has "matters of
areater importance" to contend with, Nevertheless, he

wants to keep tabs on the Nectomancers, If one of the
characters tsa Nosferatu, Josef pays her well for information.
In the absence of a Nosferatu, be aay attempt to employ
charactesofotherclansby promising information thacthey

The Sun Has Ser

want in return. Josef drinks only cold blood and lives in
decrepsteplendoe beneath the nuinsofayreat Munich opera
house

The Sabbat

Given the Sabbat's rate of attrition in its battles with
the Camarilla and, moee recently, nits own civil war tay
of the elders that the characters met in. Basel (in Blood &
Fire) are either missing or dead. Past play and your diere
tion should decide who remains. Elders have killed each
‘ther in fara rivalries, oe thoy have died ut Camacilla hands,
ot from their owst excesses. The remaining Sabtut elders
have little knowledge of the Sargon Fragment (unless the
ccharacterstold them of it), Mest of them show less interest
An the Ciiovanni than they do in the Camarill. This factor
—and the general disinelination of Sabbat elders to inter
feceuntvecessrily with thet childer— give Sabb chracters,
more tntirade than theit Camarilla counterparts have

Nevertheless, certain factions in the Sabbat pila an
offensive against the London Camarilla. Some surviving
<eldet fim Blood & Fire are involved in these events and
uy require agents to work on their behalf. Since some of
these eldass are in direct conflict with ee
packs in this story may face clashing sect pressures. Most
Subbac vampires ae strong individualist, chough, and may
be able to ignore blood ties in favor of enlightened yelf-
interest, The threv elders Hited below are sugsestion for
those who atight nimain, You may want to reintroduce
‘others to provide clues or an additional flavor.

Lod Alexandre (Lasombra): Lon! Alexandce leaves
his shadow form carcly, but whet hee does ute charaecers
notice that he appears older than when they fice met him
4m 1666, He is physically wasting away. as if hisshadowsare
devouring hia, Much of hiseosion isthe result of aconflice
swith Lady Vindislava oft be. Since theit selon
ship in Basel, Lond Alexandre and Lady Vladislava have
centered bitter feud, Alexandre considers her to be a
destabilizing presence who inay drive the Sabbat into con:
fice with the Camanlla before itis ceacly. He has heard
tumors that Vindislava sponsored a recent Teimisce assault
‘guint the London Toreador. The offensive was ineffective
by Trimisce standants (wo Trimisee neonates died with

aly one Cainailla Tursanhor fon pale), bun Abexamnie
suspects that it was just the opening feint of a full-fledged

The Lasomnbra suspects thar although this attack was
staged ontensibly against the Camanila, Lady Vindislava'strue
‘tention tst0 undermine Lasombn leadership of the Sabbat.
Alexandre may encourage one or more of the characters to
investigate the Tsimisce artack 1 determine if it hides a
sseates plow hse wio ally hemscives with Lord Alexandre
enhance their sanding as leaders ofthe Subbat:

‘ther, Subba


ase of operations tn the Black
ad and is allied with » puck of
A-furted Lup

He sucasests that he characters make contact with dhe
‘Lasambra priveas of London, Laxly Astor, before they begin
thetr investigation,

Mateus Gryzhowsky (Nosferatu antitribu)s This
Nosferatu elder lives in Dresden and inay have helped the
acters find Ambrogino's tral when they visited the
ety, Gryzborwsky és seemingly an gown exis
a (who is probably an ally of Sabbav charac-

mmonstous bl ss,

about the enemy. fn the winter
fides that Marianna is seekiey fore
‘occultst; she stppénedly referréd to the occultst only ais
"Monsieur M." and searches for him in Baréelonu.
Gryebowsky does not know what she seks but suspic
teas to do with the Saayem Fragment

Although Grysbowiky ts Sabbar, he maintains semi
cordial relations with some CacnanitlaNesferatv. A rumored
Trimisee artack on Lawenbea interests im Landon also

concems him; he consider st counterpreductive to the
Solbhat's greater needs, He may engage one or more of the
characters tn investigate Taimisce activities in London. By
Jace summer 1848, Gryshowaky has heaed moe of an
impending attack in London,

Lady Vindisiava (Tsimisce): Lady Vladislava has 9
‘cold anal disturbing beuty, the peoxtuce of two mare cent
ries of Flesherafting, Her skin has a glossy, teanshucent-blue
‘quality, and her features ate so sharp that she appears tu be
rade vf chiscled glass. Her brittle hairs black sith tinge
sf purple and is held in place by clasp made from human
finger hones. Her most striking feature is her eyes, which
huve green, catlike pupils

Lady Vludislava bas vested interest in an opecorming
attack in London and secky agents whocan fulfill her goals
there, Although her stated target isthe Camanilla, her real
tarpoce for grtting involves. is to unudereur Lady Aste'.
influence. Landy Viadislava's yrude against
{Laxambra elder ts purely personal. i the characters dane ask
cof Viodislava's moetve for supporting an artack on the
Camarilia, she explains thot Lady Astor would become
priscusof the city ifthe Sabbat claimed it: Viadislavu smmpy
‘explains char thar cannoc be permicted to happen. Ln truth,
she desires ta see her ewn chile contsol London's Sabla

Lady Vladislav most likely wes the aervices of fellow
Toimlsce, though she works with metibers of other clans
who impress her with ruthlessness and efficiency. She s
generous in her negotiations: character whoagrees ta work

for her can practically name his price. She further explains
thar che two Tzimisce who attacked the Toeeader haven in
London were neonates, who chose an ancilla (Sie Hortense
Holden) as the target for their baptism by fire The chulder
failed in their initimion net the Toreador overwhelmed!
them.

Lanly Vindislavar suggests chat the characters travel 80
London and tells them to contact weertain Doctor Streck

The Giovanni

Hthechoreten task pare inthe events af the lat ti
books, the Giovanni now recognize tetas a thy
well ax a source of valuable information on the Sargon
Fragment. The Giovani have monitored the eller activ
ties ewer the pa two cennunies with varying degrees «
sinecess. The characters may have attempted to learn some-
thing about the Giovanni as well, chough this effort n
doubt was a difficult task, The Giovanni have gone
ground with 1 vengeance since 1528, when the Giovanni
‘agreed that the elan would withdraw from the Iya.

Anil yet Wann actively pursue and oppone the
irseters If the players' chanicters ever speak t theit
Necromancer foes, Giovanni agents explain enthusiast
cally chat the elders transgresstonsagainst the clan pre
1528, and thot any private vendetta ity response to th
charscters' "crimes" is wholly justified. Ifthe player char:
iiceets in this book are new t0.the chronicl

re (

ongoing,
oryline, the events of this book forcibly bring the elders

ana th Gi
Amnbrogino: A powerful Necromancer and clan mas-
«simi, AtbroginsGiawunni wi the primary once bh
the eventsof Blood & Fire; he sought the Sargon Fragment
tna quest for apotheosis, Whether he was working directly
oon Augustus Giovanai's behalf o¢ for bis own ends ts

anni th each other's tention.

The characters have heart whispered rum
‘Ambrogino'sactivities during the centuries since the Great
Fire. Indced, they may have managed to teace some of the
Giovanni attacks against them bock to him, though any
conilict with the elder has been through proxies. However
theennflicr with the Necromancer hasbccome increasingly
personal. Its also clear thar Ambeogino knows mote abut
the chracrery' movements tha they do atewic his (atiess
the characters have kept a very low profilesince the fire). If
played a role in the last book, Ambrogino
‘now acknowledges them as. impediment to his ongoing
quest for yodhead.

‘Augustus Giovanni (Giovanni Antediluvian): The
youngest ofthe Ancediluvians. AugustusGio of
‘of that Jegenidary group who isawakeand activ
i century. His very existeice ta tonto fe
ftumor nd speculation. The ancient vampire teputedly lives
bhalfin the world of the livinyand halfin theshadowy team

Introduction


of the restles dead. Frequent rumors about the ancient
‘vampire elaim chat he devours youls, as well as blood. for
sustenance.

If the characters were Embraced during the events of
‘The Last Supper, they were present when Augusts
Giovanni killed his sire, Cappadoeius. Augustus fears that
Cappaitocius inay survive in some fashion and is growing
Paranoid of his site' return: Although the characters were
mere neonates a the time (and hence, beneath Augustus?
notice) theirsubsequent actions have indeed brought them,
toAvustus' attention. Theekdersbecomeawareof Augustus'
presence in preludes that lead up co the events ot this book
(Gee the Preludes Chapter), and they develop a disturbing
sense thar the Antediluvian watches them

‘The Antediluvian ha recently acquired the services of
‘in enigmaticereature known asthe "Capuchin "TheCapur
chin feeds Augustis' paranoia, and some Giovanni blame
the wisened robed figure for Augustus' violent murder of his
childe, Claudius Giovarini. (See Clanbook: Giovanni for
further informacion oa the Capuchin)

Claudius: Claudius Giovanni was che progeny of
‘Augustus and the leader of the Conspirney of Isaac, and he
was present duriny the events of The Last Supper. Claudius
recently shamed Augustus when be friled at a chance to
recover flak of Cappadocius' blood. Infuriated, che father
killed his childe with his bare hands. Claudius! violent
death still reverberates throughout the clan as warning of
What happens to those who fail Augustus — even his own
childer. (For more details on these events, see Clanbookt
Giovanni.)

Gillespit A London-area Giovanni don. Gillespi
Giovanni wasone ofthe few Necromancees who was openly
involved in the events of Blood & Fire. He may have acted
san unwilling intermediary between the characters and
Ambrogino. Cillespi seems w have withdrawn from hia
London fi holdings since the Great Fire. Rumoe has
it that he has returned to Rome,

Others

‘The Conspiracy of laze: The Conspiracy of sae was
aagroup of elders, led by Claudius Giovanni, who Embraced
the chatacters during the events of The Last Supper. The
eonspitaey souht the destexction of Canpadec
cendancy over the Founder It failed, thanks in part to the
characters ln 1848, ome ofthe conspirator are dead while
‘the rest remain the prisoners of the Founders. Ifshe survived
‘the events of the first book, Lady Ami the Setite elder)
is rumored to have disappeared mysteriously fron her cell,

and she hus presumably heen replaced by a caitiff neonate
altered to look like her

Durga Synz An enigmatic Rovence soothsayee, Durga
‘Syn wns instrumental in pleading the characters' case to the
Founders during the events of The Last Supper. She per-
formed a serying ritual (the Blood Ex) and predicted thar

The Sun Has Set

thecharacters would haveasignificanc role in the unfolding
{rama surrounding Clan Giovanni. Durga Syn has not been
heard ftom in over 250 years, excepr through ruenoes nbout
her that originate in Rusia.

Rose Chandler: Rose Chanidler was aminister'sdaugh-
ter who was Einbraced by Mallorte during the events of the
Tat book. If the characters rescued her ftom Mallotte and
helped her avenge her father's death (by Doetor Hopkins,
theinfamous Witch Finder General), she allies herself with
them. Ic is quite possible that Rose isa character's adopted
child. She may further her "site's" interests by being an
‘agent and messenger. However, she has developed plans of
her own, as befits.a vampire of almost wo centuties, ad ix
no longer the naive chile that she was in 1666. If the
charactersdid noc rescue Rose 200 years ago she ts long dea
— hunted down by Mallorte's Crimson Bacchanal,
‘Count Jocalo: An ancient and powerful Follower of
Count Jocalo interfered not only with the characters
efforts in Blood & Fire, but with the eatefully cynstructed
plansof Ambrogino Giovanni in an apparent bid tognin the
Sargon Fragment. The characters have heard virtually noth:
Ingof the count'sactivitiessince that time. The Methuselah
temains a bogeyman to neonates and elders alike.

Jocalo's messenger plays a vital role in Book Two of
‘The Sun Has Set, and she represents the count's presence
in Beypt.

Marianna: Characters Fmhraced during the events of
‘The Last Supper know Mariana as the unwilling childe of
Claudius Giovanni. It ts also possible tha they established
2 tentative alliance with her during che events of the last
book. Yor: the charactors have neither en nor heard from
Marianna in over 130 years. She disappeneed after the Great
Fice but resurfaced briefly in Paris during the early 1700s.
Marianna was pursued by the Giovani and nareowly es
caped in an exchange that lofe x Camanila ancilla ad ems
Giovanni dead. Any charaerers who lived in Paes during
that time might have heard of these events. Any elder
character with Giovanni Lore or Kindeed Loce might have
learned that the Necromancers hunted afterher relentlessly
after she last oppeared in London, atthe time of the Great

Artifacts List

‘The characters may have come inte contact with three
mystical artifacts in che previous Giovanni Chronicles
‘These items ate also important to this book.

Lilith Fragment: This manuscript describes a legend-
ary meeting between Adam's first wife, Lilith, and che
Ange! Gabriel. Characters who experienced events from
the first book know that Cappadocius believed Lilith to be
a female aspect of God, and perhaps as part of his path ro
apotheonis. The characters may have recovered a copy of
this document during the Great Fire.


Sargon Fragment: This is a portion of
Chaldean Thaumaturgical manuscript that was sought by
the Founders, by Ambeogino and by Mallotte two cent
ago. Some occultists rumor thar the Sargam Fragment con
ose with the skill to use it, though mont
idee it to be a myth, in Blood & Fire, the ran)
aved Mallocte's Th
levels hefore destroying him.

the Fragment refers 10
Sargon a3 ether a man mage. Some stories
dst that Gos touch thoughts, thus reveal
the seerott of the universe. Sources on the Sargon

Any research conducted a

agment are rate, and a researcher has no way of telling fact
from fancy,

TJapheth's Cloaks: These armen

characters

were wifts to the
appadocian Japheth and were

anced

shortly before the death of Cappadocius: The cloaks af
forded the characters some degree of procection in earlier
books, I the characters followed Marianna'sadvice alter the
reat Fite (sleeping with the cloaks on ina graveyand), they

ed tertile nightmaresof shady skeletal handsreach
ing for them from the erypt soil. Wher the char
awakened. they realized that chev eould detect ocherwive
savuuble entities

Ac

necter who weirs a' clown menrally sense

most limited sense. If there are
deteertheir presence ifshe has Auspex 2 (Aura Peccoption)
tana che player makes a successful Perception + Empathy roll
(dficuley 8).

nS merors), a ch

One success seets  chamcter to wealth.) presence.
Three wecesses indicate an approximate direction of the
spints and atest to the number of wraiths in the atea. I
character receives four successes, she sees faint outlines of
sy pain

‘Chamecters who combine the use of Obfuscate with
these cloaks may engage the Giovannt's wraiths in a deadly
same of "blind man's bluff" as cach searches for the other

until one party succeeds

Jopheth's cloaks are now over
they were well-made, they now show

old. Although

of age. If 8
cloak on a regular basis, its new in

nl ulmost wpetes, the players are
ling newly created characters, you may vent the elders to
he cloaks in the early ye ¥; the eloaks ae
luable in helping characters detect and resist the
Giovanni's agents

ofthis st

Introduction



A ghost, that loved u lady far
Ever in the starry arr
‘Of mnuinight at her plow stood
Anu, with a sueeimes shies abowe
The bering words of human love
su te phantom un
Sweevanct sweet ts thew potsaned ni
"The lice snakes of aver throat
Inemiossy skulls that mest and ie
Ever singing "die, oh! die."
Unomé Lovell Bedkloes, "The Phantom-Lover™

‘The Sun Has Set truly gers underway whien the char
neteraerivein Landon, on or before December 13, 1948. Be

yet compelling, when you eneourage characters t0
ave their havens acrins Europe or even travel abroad t0

wintroduce people that the characters ha
they update the

fers ire Kindred elders who don't do

the story. However, different characters have
at proxies can doforthem, Thus, the characters

ent agendas, and this book ean' possibly account for
every contingency. Adape these as you sec fi

inspite the characters, invent peludes of yout own. Tak
note, though, thatthe preludesprovided here are significant
The f everal preludes that you san stage tw the com
before this book's tory wets fully underway. These prelixles —introrace snp
they refresh the players' memories of previouy events;they —prelles

should have personal and irresistible reasons for jeopardi

tality by traveling toand enteting city thar
they may nat have visited in 200 years

ig story) they foreshadow future events and
tant people that the charactors will meet.
theve clues and hints of Import in yon


The "Gaunt"

This prelude hints at enigmaricevents surrounding the
characters' lives, and it reminds them that they seem to be
deytined co be haunted, whether by the Giovanni, che
Necromancers' wraiths, or simply by

ysterious powers

Atterthe Great Fire, the characters recognize gradually
that a spectral tendsco appear when the elders weat
Japheth'scloaks. Thespitit isstooped and h

hooded robe. A cold, dank wind ries whenever it appears
Those with a keen sense of hearing devect
of water dripping as if in a subterranean pool. The figure

proffers a gold cup in a gnarled gray hand. Ie makes no
attempt to communicate and disappears at the character
approach. The apparition appears every few dec ut

late. The ch
ations.

with increasing frequency
wharever they like of these bisarre v

Augustus
Giovanni

This prelude doesn't motivate characters to gow
London i much asi reminds players of pant events in the
Giovanni Chronicles, and it also advises character thst

The Antediluvian becomes an occasional feature in
the characters' daytime dreams after the events of The Last
Supper. Indeed, his appearances increase after the events of
Blood & Fire, when the charicters confounded Clan
Giovanni asa whole. The elders are ike lose and frightened!
children in these nightmares, and they fee! whatever ou
they still possess slip away beneath
The dreamers inevitably awaken
sheathed in a film of bloody sw

The Anexhexeton

Stage this prelude one year before the events of The
Sun Has Set bes.

Characters who seek information on apotheosis, nec
romancy or wraiths — undoubtedly co gai
Giovanni — uncover accounts of a coven of sorcerers
operated in Savoy, France during the 1450s. Although
stories of such groups were com
hysteria of centuries past information about this group
particularly compelling: One of the witches ciaimed to
familiar with The Aneshexeum. Characters ith eveultlno
edge know the name of this book to he a synonym for or
component of the Sargon Fragment

Augusnus' dread glare
into the next night,

on during' the witch:

The Sun Has Se


Characters who research the Savoy cule are initially
frustrated that judges, executioners and supposed witches
have all ony succumbed to old age or the pyre. After same
digging, however, thecharactersuncover magisterial recor
of the witches interrogation.

The court seribe penned a complete, if passtontess,
account of the proceedings: The firs. three witches weee
wealthy unpopular merchants, with varying interests it the
occult, The men broke under torture and named their
leader: self-styled warlock who called himself *Betial"
The magisterial tribunal summoned this man for question
tng, He lasted for five days agamst a highly accomplished
torturer,

And yet, on the fifth night, Beliat supposedly
crted out "like a woman under the slightest touch of
the justice's ie, hegging the good Lad for
forgiveness. Seeking redempeion and deliv-
orance, the wretch gave several other >
names, each also hostile to the Church
and the towen's good onder."

thar he only at Mots
Me" Befial chusned that this >
called The Anexhexeton. (Sy
The charaéters docu Oe
{nents continine an te

explain that Belial
was put ina cell af-
ter his con
Flishody was

ned » warlock from Bacelona, Ay
ay

goty and con
with the stench of
amonth'sdecay"
the next mom:
ing. The
Savoy trib

nal chen sent fetter: of init
Barcelona ur learned nothing of

this Monsieur M

Barcelona is pore city on the Mediterranean cvast of
Spain If was once a munioe center of commerce vet has
declined over the past three centuries. Many of its buildangs
have Roman or Moorish influences. (See A World of
‘Darkness for more on Barcelona.)

The Lasombta and Toreador Clans hold the balance of
vanypiric power in Barcelona, but the city ix alo «center for
occult activity. There are rumors of yeveral Tremere and
human magt operating there. The characters' discovery in
France inspites them to pursue these humans. te learn more
bout apotheosis and to pethaps gain knowledge that even
the Giovanny tack,

vt) TALL DV IATLIALE RD the tors of goat that bs

The characters learn that Monsicur M. #, amazingly
still alive — proof of his dark ants: After several nights'
investigation, his tril leads to-a rutned church outside the
city that overlooks the sea, The church has a sinister
reputation among nearby villagers, who believe it to be
haunted, and it appears to have been put to the torch
recently, Damage done by the fire s considerable: Tapes
tries hang in smoklering taters on scorched walls; cooled
puddles of lead an gold are all thr remain of rhe church's
reliquary. The ocean wind blows through the enllapred
simuctate,
Atiuntechamber appears te have been biden at one
time, and characters find a charted corpse lying in an,
arcine circle of protection. This is the skeleton of
Monsieur M.. though the ehumacters can only
tues at that, The remains have suffered fire
"CN, as bu ones veoh ean
broken, suggesting that death was n
A>, ""buming Evidently, thectrcle had do
conjures lithe goes
A ttiangubir shape is chiseled ace
the red stone floor. An
‘etched circle touches the intetioeof
the triangle on all three sides,
Characters tead the words
Aneshexcum, Tesragrammaton,
and Primemawn in Arabic
text outwide ench fice of

the triangle
mains of a nearby

‘2
vA
book preseribe mich

4 theatrical ritual
E> elementsas:"Vex
vain, the head ofa
Ihiack eat fed om
thuman blood
for five da,
had
intercourse with agit, cares
from distilled baby fat, a cap made from lead, the skull of 9
paride..." The remains of several other accule tomes by
there as well, hough none isof particular interest. Moteur
M.appearsto have been a practitioner of death magic, with
an eye toward divine ascension.

Use of Auspex 3 (The Spirit's Touch) om either the
‘corpse or nearby artifacts renders a different sort of
tion, The character vision reveals Marianna (the rebellious
chikle of Claudius Giovanni and the womas that the
characters have known since the events of The Last Sup
et) knocking the magician unconscious and stealing 2
black-bound tome from a secret compartment i. wall

The charred re

Preludes:


Thecharcterthen qesatall blonde wornan (Locretia the shock is still undeniable. The figure keeps his d

ther than A » Gran nwa oad ihe A character with Mallavian ties could recognize

the vampire in previous chapters ofthis erica), Ifehis truly GF Camilla Benes and rumored apsetle of Cappadocia

Wsnoriant af dhe church forthe datk lord to pursue ii inst unl claim thay he carries. message from
scenes fe the chal ee, They tets'artival ina divine vision, and he delivers Marianna

wns thrortling

gician'slase sight: a pair of sn
ie from lin These we sha letter "further: C

elaborate. The lette
pon, the Pret Shinyatl (we BookOne:
a ai with Auspex 3 can verify that M

work." though he does not

foulwe is written in blood. A character

bith er cat ee hots and injured, in_a dank cellar, desperately weiting the
lealy vampire — steps trom the shadows. He i tll and letter in her own blood. ;
i light brown hair and w composed look. He wear Tet leseer —sehdtenes kod of the cfimecres:t

nt, plead.
com the Giovanni
nitially didnot

Barcelona that Marianna knows —hasian

a simple white peasaw's shirt his only ukdomment is gold

Marianey

t tells of her long flight
writes thot although
{ the reason for the Giovanni's pursuit of her,
she now believes that she has « partial means td the
destruction. She claims to have learned mote shout

Coptic crucifix. Despite the newcomer's cssual st
chunacters sense wimething disturbing about him: Use of

lng gold nurs — Te

Auspexteveulsasp

ith. Since such
aching virtually unheatd of among Cainites, the characters


‘Sargon Fragrientand will share her information with che
characters if they meet her in London in one yer, The
Teeter is dared December 13, 1847.

Anatole claims to be w frend and servant to
‘Maruanna, whe has "moved on from Barcelona to escape
her hunters." He is rumored to have met her during het
flight from the Giovanni, and Anatole recogni:
spiritual sigutficance co her persecution. He claims to
perceive a divine plan at work and believes Marianas
and the characters are part of it. His answers to charac-
questions are cryptic ar best, claiming simply that
1 elders are "party to God's will."

Anatole does not know exactly what role the chur-
acters atesdestined to play, but he offers to bless thew for
recking Marianna out. He watus that che offering may
‘cause discomfort. The Malkavian touches willing elders
on the forehead; they suffer a stabbing pain behind their
eyes. und are blinded by « pure, white light. They
headaches for the res of the night, but otheewise ve
to incut no long-term effects

Anatole knows little of the blonde vampite who
accompanied Ambrogino (assuming the characters saw
her in a vision), but he believes her to be one of the
Giovanni; ¢ can also explain the meaning of the
tezangle on the floor and the significance of the terms
surrounding it (see sidebar)

Resolution

"The characters are undoubtedly stunned by the infor
‘mation they learn in Barcelona. An investigation into some
obscure occult lore hag ke no the revelation thie Maniatins
‘instill alive, chat only Malleavians seem mad enough wo help
hrsand, most immportanehy, that Armbrogino Giowasnt (one
cofupotheoss, falter hundeeds of year of conflict with che
Giovanni, these discoveries do not inspire the characters te

ret London to meet Marianna, perhaps the Story
of power. See"

woube characters' baser needs: the promise
he Justicar" for further options

Accounts of Count Jocalo

The characters
ito Cs

yy a lear Uistubing Mories
Jocalo while among Spanish Kinkred

Jocalo's last rumored appearance was in the 1500s, and it
coincided with the death of a vampire elder in Madrid
‘According to various sources, Jocalo ean walk in sunlight,

devour the souls of those he kills, consort with dem
the dead, he is not really wampite bursomething fnew
sand he controls chantry of husnan n
these rumors may be true.

s. Somenenone ct

Information about Joealo is merely neste to renin
players and characters of the Setite lo
fele ir London, hur certainly ue thes
Messenger, in Book Two of The

His pres
th ie
Has Set

The Triangle of Solomon

Trained occultists recognize the triangle in the desecrated church as the Triangle of Solomon, an
ancien Cabalistic glyph said to embody the thie aspects of God. However, the remains of arcane
books in the secrer chamber suggest dark purposes for the figure: It is used int slecromantic or even
Siabolicrituils. Thissymbol is hardly new to those who are well-tutored in the oceult, but its apparent
félationship tothe Giovanni, Marianna/and Anatole may elevate its position in subsequent studies

Tetvagrammaton: The personal name of God) VHVH (you he
toe the key to Gods power. This may be the key thar Mallotte translated from Amibrogino's folio
cnowledge of the other two keys; the Tremere could nor hope for control of the pow

1666. Without

he unleashed.

Jt ty unlikely that Ambrogino gave Mallotte his only copy of the Sargon Prarment for stidy. Thu
the Giovanni are presumably one step ahead of the chiractets in their collective py

to apotheosis,

ie), This word is traditionally helit

Anexhexetons Omniscience; the wisdoin of godhead, Anexhexeton is the key to understanding the
Sorgon Fragment. The Tremere upparently knew this, hut nothing more

Primematum: The binding force of Heaven. The most difficult and obscure of the three keys, the
Primematwmn offers mastery and is reputed to control the hosts of Heaven (or Hell). Certain lore holds
that Primematum 1s the name of the power thar Moses uttored to open the earth and swallow Coral,

Dathan and Abican,

Preludes


The Justicar

Stage this prelude city afew months before the evenisof
this book bein.
Its late November, 1848, and Paris has just doused the
wing a working class uprising and its suppression,
‘h National Asembly. The Sabbat launched an
ingerests of Prince Villon under the cover of

attack un th
these revolts The attacks were staged primarily against young,

acters are loyal agents of the

Camarilla vampires. Ifthe ch:
Canilta, wie on all of hex may heave come (othe ey 80
help put down the Sabbst uprising, The Comatilla success
fully crush the Sabbae attack with the characters' akd

In the aftermath of these events, the Toreador Justicar
Viet Vidrwentury Loe
dom, sommons the elders to a suburban Elysium along the
banks of the Seine. He ‘contains a new form of art
(Proto-Impressionism), which those of a triditional disposé
doa may find disturbing

Alter welconniry 1
banter nd golden goblet

who the charwekees know fron

chuoracters graciously with lhe
of blood, the Justicar becomes very
i believes the Paris attacks were just a foray

ndermine the Camilla by eroding young wien
pires' confidence in their superiors. Violetta explains thatshe
‘captured a Sabbat vampire (apparently) of Cla Bruja. Her
guard bring in a short, grubby man with a drooping black
mustache. He atpeats nhysically unharmed. but his fear is
palpable; however, he manages a sneer as he enters, Violetca
ssniles achim politely. Her tone issoft, with anote of menace:
as she addresses the vampire by name

‘Marcel, you have committed illegal acts against the
(Camurilla Jord of this city. You are condemned to death.
However, you are young, creates as fodder by a sire who does
noc care for your well-being, 1 therefore, give yous chance to
‘scape your fate by speaking frely. Tell me of your site and of
this ‘Doctor Seck, whove naine I have heard these pase

"(Of couse, those listening know that a"pardon" for
the Sabbat wretch is highly unlikely.)

Thenconate thumpshischest at the elders with vartling
breavado, "1 ui Sabbat! We do not beg!" He stark almost is
speaking from rote. Violetta's brow furrows in mock anger,
and her ved lips curt around gleaming white fangs in a
peeshatory smile

Tourefine my generosity anitottend mein myown home!
She smiles conspiratorially at the characters. "You see what
‘brutes the Sabbot employs' The characters may use this mo-
‘ment san invitation fo step in and handle the interrogation,

Despitehisbravade, Marcel isnexttonothing othe ekers
acleast in aye, power and wisdom: they can force him to speak
many number of ways. They may decide to handle the neonate
igentlyortobneaktfewbones. Marcel ishoundhy the Vineulum

rel liteally wrighes f the chatacters hve him toapreak. Ihe

fers reinain observers, Violetta uses het Presence to

make the necnate feel absolute love tor her, then she beesks
his will. The Brujah ultimately speaks.

‘The Sun Has Set

Marcel's story is sympathetic — to those who can still
remember what that word means, He was a poor peasaat
who hnted the monarchy forthe heavy taxesit imposed cn
hs farm, When the tax collector eame to foreclose, Marcel
Jhad killed him ina blind rage and escaped. The authoricies
threw his wife m prison in his place. Marcel eluded capture
for three days. A German vampire named Dict: found him
joa the thind-night aid rewarded his cebellion witls the
Embrace.

Marcel has lived among the undead for only a few
months and knows less than the characters do abour the
Sabbar ao a whole, and even be» about the motives
behind the atacks staged recently. His mission was to
Kill a Camacilla neonate. Marcel decaptrated his victim
with an ax, but Violetta had captured him minutes later.
Marcet knows hat Steck was the reputed leader of the
revolt but claims to have never met the man.

A taace of bitterness creeps into:the Brujsh's voice
owand the end of the interrogation: "Bastards. They of-
fered! me vengeance snd then left me to rot!"

The characters may decide that Marcel could be
twseful and try to spare him from Violetta's "mercy." She
srives him casually to the charscters as part of any
Srrangement they reach with her, though she seems
amused if they show misguided compassion fur the weetch
If the characters don't bargain foe the neoruite, Violetta
orders that he be tuken uway by guards, wo be executed
with the morning sun

After Marcel departs, Violerta admits that Landon is
tipe for attack in Mithras' absence. The characters may
know Streck's reputation us an ugent of chaos (pechaps
having been tol so hy the Founders), thougl iio one in the
Camarila has ever actually seen hin, Fashionable senti>
ment holds that he isa fictional character, like General
Ludd of the Luddites. Violerta discounts this theory.

‘Violetta further confides that Ambrogino Growanal
seems to have sane interest in English affairs; her agents
hhave encountered his in the city. She fears that there ts
connection between the Sabbat and the Giovannt and
eta
ters in Lan
they make contact with Valerius
don Conclave, called to re-
he misring pricey
(or theit presence. Violetta also notifies the cho
that unother old ally from the Great Fire, Archon
Geoffrey Leigh (from Blood & Fire), may meet thet
cer their arrival
ra has power within the Carmarilla, She ean offer
imcters a variery of favors in exchange for their
services. She may he able to seipe clean a
character'sname or reputation for pase deeds. She a
the authority to call—oc call off —any investigation inte
1 character's dubious affair, present or furure. There's
‘much to be said for having a Justicar in one's debe

that London is in grave danger. Therefo
requests that the characters investigate m
don, She suggests th

vafisation

reters


The Dream

Thisprelude can berun any tine leading up tothe events
ofthisbook, Irliterally confronts acharacterwith hereveneful
und painful past, reminding her that she has always been and
perhaps always will be a pawn of fate. The event ako offers
‘enigmatic motivation to travel to London, to explore what
destiny hoids in store — because, after all, fate cannot be
denied.

Acharacter dreams thathe walks against howling winds.
Moldering comses distnter themselves and converge an him,
Bilioushumorsoore from theie mouths asthey shamble toward
the dreamer. The zombies rip his flesh with clawed fingers,
leaving jagged wounds that do nor heal. The character's blows
shatter the dead like overspe fit anu elesse mind-runs
ing stench, but two coxpses rise co take the place of each one
that falls.

‘Thedreamer stumbles on blindly, with numbed body and
soul from the cold. After seeming eternity of eanning, a
beacon of frelight parts the miasmal fog.

‘The character hurls himself forward in search cifsane-
tuary, but instead bears witnes to whornifyingly familiar scene
at Castle Deverick: The Founder appear ae they did over 400
years ago — stunding in imperious judgment aver the charac
ters as they once were: ftightened young children at the
threshold of immorality. Memories of events from The Last

‘Supper overwhelm the character, He relives the agonit-
ing tortures perpetrated on him and his companions by
the Conspiracy of Isaac, and the characters' subsequent
flight into the arms of the Founders, who now fiercely
debate their fate

‘The dreamer stands apart ftom events, a phantom
observer of the proceedings. The withered erone, Durga
Syn, sues for clemency, She produces an exg and beaks
ir open, disgorging its bloody contents into a wooden
bowl. "Liam not unskilled in the arts of my people. This
is a sign that these young ones are meant to play a part
in a long and bloody drama," she pronounces

The Founders resume quarreling and repeat the
‘events that immediately followed the prophecy of the
Blood Egg. The lords' voices become mufiled and indis-
tinct. Ignoring the debate, the old Gypsy turns toward
the dreamer; her eyes exert a nearly irresistible pull. She
smiles kindly, but sadly, and whispers, "The season ts
heavy with portent and the hour of yout fate draws neat.
1f you would embrace your word and gain power over
your enemies, then go to old Londinium and await my
coming, Do this, and you may yet survive the approach
‘nye maelstcom." The woman utters her last words with a
meaningful glance out the window, and the wind sud
denty wails louder outside the castle.
"Thelimage then blursandthe charscterawakensabruply,



‘A wer Suid in London: shops clese, sees almost

ople in cis desert of squares and strecs, hurrying bench

thw sabres, look ke weer ghosts; is homie. A hick
yellow fos fils thea, sits, cols on che very roma: at

Blocting poper..after an how's walking o..can wndersuand
sce

—Hippotyte Tans, Notes sur TAngletere

oT The good doctor has allies, though: Amb

Synopsis Giommeites let AnrogohatlenciinsghEapa

(Characters arrive in London for any number of rea agents that clu the Sargon Fragment lie in the bur:
city, London is Cumarilla-controlled currently, bur tenu berlain to Prince Mitheas » hinwelf wich
ously allied forces seek to undo that —and pursue theirown —Streck in hopes of using the Subbertu cover to gain

Somé Sahbat, indet the direction of Doctor Streck don current chamberlain Valerius (whothe characte‘
who, according to Justicar Violeta, wasinvolyed insect met in Blood & Fire),
api undermine London's feign Ain no dows not come alone into this schem
ders," luring the "misguided" over to the Sabbat, befote the city's coming Conclave and the Sabha attack

Streck's plans are not wholly supported by the Sabbae,
though, noc even by seme sect members in Landon. The
civil wat that rages among the Sabbat draws lines i Lo
don, 8 Lady Astor, the ruliny Laxombrain thecity,playsher
plcces against Streck. She hopes to maintain the current
status quo hetwsen the Sabha and €

Amubrogino's bid for gothead continues, and rhe play
nv' characters arrive in time toconftont him yet again. This
time, however, the Giovanni lord has powerful forces a
tayed the characters, and the elders must contend
With all of their foes ifthey are to see another night

against the establishment when it is weak and the Sabb is

Book One: London Ghost Story


Mood

Thearmorphere

1s betrayal

pites grow ah
tolence
ethaps more
Sahl

an ermote, for some:
ut her vampire Lona' privar As Storyteller, define L
se lish. Perhaps this lust insight — fog. The poor live in cramp

tions among the characters abo easy; but disappointing; the

re ultimately, ep
I bek alliances and the

fthisch

eases, The charact

en, sprites i

unknown f
bat alike imp
yy tight that th

with dhe

one; they must de
la, but they also know

mndon's close spaces and h

jour gaming area if your loca

The Sun Has Set


The charactets may teach London by a variery of
means. Although the fist self-propelled ship appeared in
1840, the majecity of ships still use snils. The mid-19h
century isthe age af the grent clipper ships, though sails are
slowly giving way to steam power by 1848. Chamcters with
the money or contacts can travel in safery.and comfort
Others may stowaway in dark holds, preying on sailors oF
prusengers. Those who profited from the yale of the Osprey
in Blood & Fire may even have their ov bonts.

Onlland, characters may choose to travel by carriage or
horse. Those positioned highly in the Comarilta have the
‘option of traveling in a well-appointed train ear that can
shut out davlight with window blinds and shutters.

You ity emphasize the relative ease, comfort and
safety of travel in the 19th century, contrasting it with the
clangers that the characters faced on their perilous journey
to London in 1666.

A\ ship delivers characters to London's port district,
slong the Thames. A train leaves them at Paddington
Station. In either case, they may be met by retainers to

ior Lady Astor af dhe Sabbat, f they weote ahead
announcing their arrival.

London, 1848
(Kine)

London has rien to 2 position of world dominance
since the events of the Great Fire in 1666. Decades of
unparalleled growth have made i¢ the woes largest city,
with a population of almost four mitlion by mid-century.
Durinw the 1840s, over 330,000 immigrants flooded the
city, many of them flecing the Irish potato funine. This
rmamive influx led to a building boom for the wealthy and
thiddle class, while the poor huddled together in he rotting
tenements of Nottingham Dale and Agar Town. At least a
thousand homeless people wander the city nightly.

The economic and miticary expansion of the British
Empire has made London the preeminenccity ofthe world's
targret pl
learning and the arts, Its services' economy provides jobs,
from skilled labor rosteeet peddlers. Child labor has become
a cnicial factor in London's economic growth; children
work grueling 16-hour days in the city's factories

ailight stains the London fog a ghastly yellow, while
smokestacks in the city's growing steel and textile factories
ddspe the place ina datk halo, London has six: major
industries: shipbuilding, textiles, wood and furniture, met
als and engineering, printing, wnd the manufacture of

al peer Indo Jas center of commarce,

precision machinery (watches, sclentific instruments, surg
‘al apparatuses),

Uruan living for the wealthy and middle clas is bea
able because of advances in amenities, includinyt the
invention of hot and cold running water. Yet, overcrowding
precipitates the wealthy to flee tothe suburte and leave the
oor stranded in the city's slums. The poorest Londoners
slave in the city's workhouses and earn less than is necessary
10 keep body and sou

London, 1848
(Kindred)

Kindred who traveled to London in the lat book note,
fy a¢ least that the city és more calm than the
pliguestiddled London nf 1666 was. Appearinces can be

though. Despite wich grand eathedrals
Paul's, 19th-century London is urbane and largely secu,
which earns ita reputation as a modern-day Gomorrah
Drinkingestablishments. gambling taverns, music hallsand
penny theaters abound. Over 80,000 prostitutes and other
peddlers of various vices ply their trade in almost every pat
of the city: These depravities, combined with the city's
exploding population, make hunting ea for vainpiree and
ceutse London with the largest Kindred population of uny
city.

‘Certuin enterprising varapires have gained power over
London's financial institutions. London's Toreador have
seemingly made peace with Ventrue rule and turned their
attentions toward fwilding the city's cultural instity
and Elysium. A fewanarchs, bitter about recent lasses tothe
elder, arw increasingly strident, yee ineffective, i their
‘oppesition ofthe lords ule. Although London remains in
Camila hank, a recent skiemish with the Sabbat pats
that proposition in doube

Geography

The Thames River ows east to west and divides
London almost in half. The river now nuns black with
residue from the city's major industries (predominantly
metal foundries), and it no longer supplies citizens with

fresh fish — but sill remainsa central avenue of trade. An.
cexveusive complex of docks and artfiema lakes tie both

banks of the Thames, Famous ports — such as the Isle of
Dogs, the Lonalon Docks, the East India, the Surrey Docks
and St, Katharine's Dock — peocess imprts fram through
coat the world

The old city sill Kes within decrepit wallscn theriver's
northern bank. Kindred who tock part in the events of
Blood & Fire remember this asthe ste of the Great Fi
‘This portion of the city sill houses such landmarks as St
Paul's Cathedral, the Tawer of London and the Brith
Museum. (an Elysium administeted by the Toreador).
‘Wenlthy Kindred and kine frequent this area's high-class

Book One: London Ghost Story



London County Council Boundaries
City of London 16) Camberwell

4) Shoreditch 19) Chelsea
) Bethnal 20) Kensington
6) Stepney

mond:

rk

9 City of Westminster
10) St Marylebone
11) $t Pancras 26) Lewisham
12) Islington Wandsworth
13) Hackney Fulham
14) Po 29) Hammersmith
15) Deptford

Asivva: Blood Supply

Book One: Lor

rdon Ghost Ste


London's railway system binds the city together. The
first railways connected Southwark to Deptford, London
Bridge and Greenwich. Additional lines connceted Euston,
Ealing, Paddington and Bishopsgate. The effcets of the
rnilwaysare diverse they have built up some areas of the city
and devastated others. Railways are used primarily for iter:
ity transportation in the late 1840s, with n "mere" 27,000
‘commuter and the first subwa
the future,

Homecoming

The Storyteller may nun the characters' arrival in
Londo in any number of ways Is, of course, possible thi
some characters have been living in London all along. kn
thiscase, the characters may reunite in the hustle and bustle
‘ofthe docks orthe tin tition. London nativesmay choose
(o put their out-of-town uequaineances up in their havers.
Some or all of the charicters may have access to various
Elysium houses

Note that any reunion between vatpite elders likely
to he more of one becwoen associates und allies of eorive:
tence than of old friends (though, there are exceptions)
(Old feuds and suspicions ate expected at any soch reunion,

Camarillacharactersshould make contact with Valerius,
the de faco peince in Mithn absence, whether they are
foreigners visiting the city or inhabitants returning from
abroad. The Ventrue take pains to make their ccmtrol of
Lonidon clenr. They enforce the Masquecade rigorously and
have litte tolerance for those whoendanger tar whobteak
the lave of prestation. Indeed, Ventrue patience Is sorely
prewed by the events of the coming nights. and even minor
\nfactions af the Traditions may be penalized

Sabbat characters muy have directions from sect lead-
erst meet with the presumpave Laxombea Archbishop of

2 =e Lady Astor. Orher Subbat may have separate
pements with Lady VExdislava's ally, Docrar Streck,

House Valerius

WV
patches

The age of the vallway
instil 20-0F more year in

ris knows the characters ate coming, he di
hansvewant Carlet pile her vp itn prévate
‘artiage. Carlyle (routs the characters with the utmost
respect, reyardless oftheir statu), unless they are outwardly
rade orhostil. Valerius possesses several havenisaround the
city, although he recetves new arrivals at his secondary
home, afashionable mansion neu the Royal Military Acad:
‘emy in Woolwich. The mansion is a large 18th-cencury,
red-brick buildiny at the end of a private driveway. High
ivy.coveted walls cromnad with metal spies surround the
House ce all sides. Oreat hounds stalk the grounds' shadowy
perimeter

A deferential guard opens the gate for any vampares
who have announced thei arcival in advance. Thove who
tum up unexpectedly (or without Carlyle) have to wait
while the guard sends amessage coche mansion. Ultimately
all may enter — barring any highly provocative behavior.

The mansion's intetiot is somberly tasteful, and an
obviousoutdoony motifunderlies much ofthe decor. Valerius
watts the characters in the library: two huge Irish soit
hounds stand obediently at his side. Valerius' childe, Lady
Anne Bowesleysand Archon Geoffrey Leigh arealso in the
room, Although Valerius és clearly of the ruling class, he
originates from the medieval (or. perhaps Renasssance)
nobility und is les polished than most medern nobles
iancieipate. Valerius is quick to pass some rules of eriquecte
off 08 "foppish affectation." and he tends to break into
Mudie or Old English when angered.

As the characters enter, they wimess Valeria thrash
{ngewo men (poachers) whe were captuted on his property
churing the day Ie iscleae that he is using but afraction ofis
tive strength; afterall, the men are still alive. One poacher
iscallund athletic, while the ocher isunkempeand obese. A
(ruand reports to his lord that the tall man shot one of the
estate's prize stags

‘Voleriui' face contorts with ire as hé curses the inortals
‘and ther beats them resolutely with each word. "| know
thee knaves: rascals, eaters of broken meats, hase, shallow
beygarly! Thowart nothing but the composition of beggar,
‘cowanks, panderers and the sors and heirs af whores!"

The poachers, bruised and bloodies, bleat for lem:
ney, "Mercy, your lordship. We were only tryingtofeed our
‘hungry famifies," the rotund man squeals as he extends his
hhand in supplication. This action violares an invisible
harrier and 1 wolfhound snaps of two fingers. The man
hhovels in pain and falls silent before Valerius and be shakes
with shock and fear "Youbelie yourself, villain, You sel my
pelts for n hefty enough price tn the Southwark markets to
supporta wife anda mistress," Valeria snarls tthe terrified
‘man. The short man'sexpression shifts from fearto supe

"Stil, your arrival here ts fortunate," Valerius contin
ves. The feast for thac accursed Scotsman draws nent. Your
presence means 1 won't waste my heed on thar brute,
‘Dunlop. Peehaps your shuggtsh blood will dull bis appeeste
before he sims from my private stock!

Valerius és well within his rights to Kill ve avers and
takes umbrage at those who interfere with his dispensation
of house justice. Ifa character ntercedes on the poachers
behall, Valerius may agree to let them go if they survive
Court Dunlop's vist

‘Guardsidrag the now-silentpoachersaway after wslight
‘motion of Valerius? hand. The chamberlain turns his full
atrontlon £9 the character Ifthey improseed him in Blood
G Fire, they may have become Valerius' allies over the
intervening cermuties. In that ease, he welcomes them

The Sun Has Set



in effort ro silence the lord wo avoid any dissension at the
Conclave. Valerius wants as marry supporters as he can gee
at the feast to pressure Dunlop, so he may even insist that the
chatacters attend, The feast is only a few nights away, and
chamaeters who plan to stayin London for any duration
wie to accept Valerius "gracious" invitation

Valerius suggests several places for the characters to
stay if they are strangers in town. He may invite allies to stay
at his country haven on the western ouskits of the city
Barring any further business, Valerius dismisses the charac-
, leaving them to their own devices

Storyteller Note: The upcoming Conclave ts merely a
hackalrop to the events of this Book. England's Camarila
Kindred gather in London, but the character can choose to
avoid the whole meeting tf so desired. Characters might alo
wonder why the Subbae would opt to attack the city when
its Cimarilhe population increases suddenly. Surely, that
would be the most dangerous time to strike — unless the
‘Sabbut have allies among the Cumarilla.

‘The Conclave may eventually occur after the events of
this Book, and the characters may attend if you choose to
stage it, bur the actual meeting falls outside the scope of this
chapter. Characters could use the Conclave as an opport
nity to jockey for power, ot co gan alles and information.
‘The Couclave may even be the crowning glory to the
characters! heroic deeds in London, or s gravestone to an
uanfortunate episode in Camanilla hiscory.

Lady Anne Bowesley

Lady Anne is Valerius' childe and he has groomed her to:
rake his place should he fall. She i well-versed in managing
political and financial influence, and many of her holdings are
{independent ofthe chamberiain's. A polished courtier. Lady
Anne wields power as though bor to it. f anything, sbe is
‘even more refined than her sire,

Lady Anne is a diablerist and, therefore, equal jn
generation to Valerius. Her victim was u rival Ventrue: she
and Valerius endeavor to cover up her act. Lady Anne
supports all of Valerius' decisions publicly and puts what
ever resources are necemary at his disposal, However, she
has her own ambitions and defends her personal interests
before thone of her élan or sire

Sabbat Business

{ithe charactersare Subbor, they may seckoutoneaftwo
\vampites upon arriving in London: Lady Astor or Doctor
Streck. Ifthe chanucters go their separare ways to find both
vampires those seeking Lady Astor likely have better luck.
Charactersseeking Streck requiteasuceessful intelligence +
‘Streetwise roll (difficulry 9) co mitiate contact with the citys
Brujah ansimibs. The connected characters meet Streck
agents, the Taylor brothers, ata sketch dockskletavem. Th
Taylors are identical rwins who are par of Streck's coterie and
who bring the elders to the Rat's Castle for a late-night
‘meeting

The Sun Has Set

The Whisper Gallery
(Streck and Lady Astor)

Lady Astor maintains an opolent cownhouse at St
Katharine's Dock, near the Tower of London, The charac>
ters arrival hasbeen forewarned by theeldersthenselves. or
by Sabor lone acrone Furope. Wthe characters appetnce
{s unannounced, they are still powerful Sabbat and are
‘welcomed graciously by Lady Astor

‘An elderly servant opens the door and shows the
‘charactors to the conservatory. Abbsrely oudible murmur, ax
{fahushed welcome, ripples through the roomasthey enter.
Candles are the only souree of illumination, The halls are
fmmetsed in deep shadows and adorned with grotesque
black- bale carvings Human and animal figures, carved in
Russian Baroque style, seem coflickersnd dance withalife
of theirown. Other portions of the earvings display webbed,
ropy patterns that look like pubing veins m the dim light
Holes carved in the tableas seem to whispet as the charac:
tery pasage disturbs the ait. Faster movements make
louder sound.) Black shadows dance and dart an the periph
ery of the characters' sialon. Some images are indistinct,
while others have almost human form. Thase who west
Japheth's clouks sense an indefinable presence tothe place.

‘Asthe characters approach the conservatory, it seems
aif the aic moving mysteriously through the manor does
them n service; two shouting vulces cai be hand.

"Our position here is weak," says a woman (Lady
Astor) in a:cold English accent, "Move against the
Camaritla now — when they'te gathering for their Con-
lave — and you will bring them crashing down on out
heads, Witness the failed coup in Paris
nan (Streck, who visits Astor to win her suppore for
his upeoming attack on the city) replies, "Paris wns noe a
failure. We learnedall that we neededand lost but one of our
number. The Ventruc here are no mote than a paper tiger,
despite their display of strength, Mithtas has heen missing
(050 years. Without him, thiseity bike a turtle on tsback
His lackey, Valerius, does not have the support of the
Primogen. Strike now and few will come to his axl! Show
that you ean revere three centuries of Camailla dove
nance, and our brothers and sisters throughout Europe will
flock to your banner!"

"Oh! And if Mithras returns?" Lady Astor replies,"
ow your reputation, Steck. You sow discord, yer you are
owhere to be found when it's time to face the conse
quences. [have not built nd planned for two centuries to
‘watch you throw it away in an arrogant uct of bravado!"
handing you an opporsunity, yer you tefse it?
Steck intones, "Whar have your centuries of planning
‘brought you? The Comal solidifies its control decade by
decade while you languish —*


The debate ceases abruptly
mom. Lady Astor and a g

e characters enter the Streck gives the characters a thin smile as Lady A

risrefinement persnificd. Sho satall, regal ating. Lady Astor neds at peeve yout bust
i andglistening here # complete, unleas you care to join my shadow

have worn out my welcome here
1 onr talking

gray eyes. Her shiny block

» whip and writhe around her nce you tre

al ud may find
the Rut's Castle, at the east end of Shuftsbury, tomorrow

Conversation, Steck delays lis lenorrur
agree with Streck's opinion:

ly. the
regi his plans, he thanks them politely fue the

him in with L

< Anterest and promises vo tke theis cormtnents unde il
f the Sabbat Brajah. He s

atall, thin ment. In any event, Lady Astor hay requested Streck

seademician with a subverted aristocratic ag: He's leaving. The roum's shadows rippleand unwind menacingh

casuilly in hlacks and His cold blue eyes (n response to her ccinstrained anger. The Brujah does t
Jehind hiv lasses with an insolent, dark mirth Jelay his departure for any further banter

Book One: London Ghost Story


Lady Astor's Proposal
Lady Astor visibly relixes once Streck leaves the room,
‘Some of the characters may already know her if they are
Jongtime revidents of London, though few know her well.
Lady Astor's welcome depends on past affilintions with the
charsicters and on the elders' overall reputation within che
agreed with Streck — she is highly suspicious. Lady Astor
greets the characters warmly if any of them are allied with
Lord Alexandee,
sco Tay seeunninygly Lictle interest in. the Gtovanntand
dismisses the Sargon Fragment as myth, though her interest
grows if che characters link itto the Setite attacks surround-
ing the Great Fire of London.

Lady Astor considers Steck her pinay peoblem and
tries to engage the characters to be agents against him. To.
her, Streck's plan to attack the Camarilla in so foolhardy a
manner is a de facto breach of the Code of Milan —
specifically the provision about working forthe sect's greater
good. Characters who follow the Path of Honorable Accord
may recognize the validity of this argument, while followers
cof other paths must make their own interpretations, Lady
Astor requests that the characters goto the Rat's Castle and.
"reason" with Streck. She does not initiate any conversa
tions that indicate "stern measures," but she listens to the
characters' suggestions in this regard.

‘Since Astor is asking a lot of the characters, it ir
unlikely that they are bought uff with » few trinkers, Ay
opposed to their past associations with elder vampires, the
C tersare now on mure even footingandcan name their
owniterms. | hey areno longerneonates to be ordered about.
Each may have his own requests and may negotiate with
Astor individually.

Lady Astot offers anything from lund, to feeding privi
leges, to positions of power in London when it falls to the:
Sabhat (in about another 100 yeurs by her calculations). If
the characters keep faith with her, they gain a powerful ally.
Characters who ugree to work with Astor may take Herd
for the duration of their stay in London (and afterward, if
they negotiate for jt). Sabbat do not uie hends ay much as
(Camarilla Kindred do, but they resort to them occasionally
asa matter of convenience. Astor also offers access co two

Lady Astor tries to convince the characters to sup-
port her cause, but she does not use anything but verbal
persuasion. However, she paints a dire picture of a
Camarilla crackdown in the aftermath of Steeck's re-
volt Astot cites the execution of two Sabbar during a
recent attack an the city's Toreador as asample of what's:

to come.
"The characters suifer no repercussions if they refuse 19

bp Lady Ascor she ts simply not disposed to aid them inthe
futute

The Sun Has Set

Lady Astor

‘Once nittned Katerina, she wasbom toKicyannabiliryn
the 10th century. She was a scholar and, by her mil-30s, a
powerful matriarch of a family one seep removed from the
Kievan thnane,

Supernatural conflict permented the Russian capital as
Prince Vladimir Cheistionized the land. Kateei'y wealth
and power made her an ideal candidate for the Embrace by
local Kindred. Her scholarly pursuit brought bier to the
attention of a foreign Lasombra, chough: he wanted to
expand his interests in the Rus. Following Russia's conver
sion, Katerina moved to Constancinaple for a number of
ccentuties

Alter the fall of Constantinople during the Fourth
Crusade, Katerina came to England with the intention of
‘Stablishing her place permanently, She assumed her cur
rent identity before inculcating herself into the English
aristocracy

Lady Astor hasspent the pus few centuries accurnulat-
tng power and laying plans for an eventual Sabbut takeover
‘of London. Herdesigns are well overa centuty from fruition,
though, and she resents ony activity that might discupt
them, Astor is afraid chat Sereck's impending attack will
draw too much attention foo dhe Camm. She hupes to
utilise the churacters as agents to prevent the attack from
taking place

Lady Aitor is 9 follower of che Path of Honorable
‘Accord and nubscribes to the Cade of Milan se tes w
avoid pilling Sabbat blood. She has mastered Obtenehratien,
Pocenice and Dominate. Astor isthe oldest andlongest lived
member of the Sabbat in Londen and presumably would
become archbishop if the city ever fell into Sabbat hand

i che characters agree to work with Astor, she shares
her knowledge of the Giovanat, Her informarion is same-
what more extensive than that of Valerius. She kriows the
ni have heen bing low
asl that they maincain interests én
Lambeth breweries. More importancly, she
terrabout Claudius Giovanni'sdeath- Lo

killed hie in Cairo. (This rumor i false, but itshould make
the characters consider a joumey to Egypt.)
Lady Astor claims that, during her aime in
tinople, she came intobriefeonflic with Ambrovine
ini over "minor," unspecified matters, She tells the
characters that Ambrogino was servitor to 1 Cappadoc
‘named Lady Constineia (a faverite of Cappadocius), who
Aled in the late 1500s. Astor has seen no sgn ef Durga Syn
she never heard of Marianna bur knows that n woman was
recently in town and mskesd about Sabbut who, ironically,
‘natch the character' deseriprions. Apparently, Mariana
left abruptly, as if pursued. (Apain, Marianna searched
London for the characters, but she fled for fear of being
captured by Ambrogino, her eternal assailant: Maria
‘current whereabouts are revealed by Durya Syn toward
end of this Book.)


Hayens and Herds

‘One of Lady Astor's havens is

arge und lavishly decarnted home on Chxford Street. The other wa seeluded.

"Thaines-side chateau vight miles east of Hammersmith. Characters can remain at one o the ther if they negotiate

for the privilege:

Hany ofthe charactersatrange foraccess to Astor's herd, she has Vesselsamrive uta time and place oftheirchoooiny,

She focewarns that her sock i:

fle strange, "They are not much on conversation, but that is hardly chet purpine,

{suppose — vulgar little merchunts!"Some vessels may await the characters in ane of Astor's havens, while others
arrive as needed. The blood donors are all middle-aged or older men, and most of them are moderately well-dressed.
They are all mutes, anid there tsa hint of fear ond avarice in their eyes.

Their handicap 4s psychological rather thin physical — and clearly Astor's doing. Investigating characters
discoverthat Lady Astor pays her vessels well foc theirservices, not ute necessity, but hecause it fits her warped sense
‘of humor. The men are lonely and pathetic misets; their inability to speak cuts them off fom society, yet their rece

for money continues unabated. Their blood is nourishing enough, but dl

St. Giles Rookery

The characters have sor
Gostle (Intelligence + Area Lov
‘aesomewhat familiar with Londo

oplity nto im

ciffculty locating the Rat's
ificulty 8), even if they
sketchy side Shaftsbury
of unmarked streets, courts and
Mectively known a St. Giles Reokery, The
area'souterFingishase toa méxcure of peddlers, streetwallers
and ingests every sort, Pale ol-tamp light cuens the fo
an eene yellow, but these limps row further upar as the
chancters move toward the center of the maze. Dismal
tenement buildings with broken or boarded windows loom
like brooding seratinels
Despite the area's dismal condition, the characters
notice a woll-dressed merchant walking purpasefully
toward the center of the neighborhood. The characters,
may choose to join or follow the man in hopes of
Tocating their destination
all bunds of ruffiansarmed with sticksand knives
wander the area and pect from dark alleys with malicious
intent. The thugs may confront the characters if the
‘vampites are few and not obviously dangerous by insist-
ing that the strangers pay a "toll" co pass unmolested
nt or the bandits know the ¢)
la, Thin chara
either to help them on their guest through va
means. A successful use of Auspex 3 (Telepathy) also
reveals the Castle's location, chough the district 4 90
confusing that multiple successes are
elders to find their way with this "mental 1
fhe chunieters remain hidden to observe events in
the neighborhood, the ruffians may rob the merchint.
They cudgel the man horribly. One takes a well-aemed
blow to his teeth, splaying them out at a horrible angle.
‘The man screams for help, but martals only watch from
their windows, The bandits strip the man of his clothes

scessary for the

n and dissatisfying

and toss him down a sewer opening and laugh that the
ratiwill finish the job. If anything of value t sealers, the
thugs proceed to fight fori, in keeping with this Book's
theme. The characters may aid the merchant, igre
altereation or take the opportunity to sate their tl

Ifthe chanicters id themerchan, be tellsthesn his name
iw Robert (it really Thomas). He confides
the Rat's Castle for a tattle entertainment and
refteshiment." He is happy foe any ct
walking throxsgh such a dangerous area,

The Rat's Castie

"The Rat's Castle te plain Iie building th
tlveaterin the last century. Boards cover the building's few
windows. Theentrance is red door in a refuse-strewn alley
Ifthe characters knock the requisite f
‘dons. Characters wh have befriended Robert are iwited i
tw his guests. If they ask for Marton, the doorm:
‘anemic boy and tells him to escort the visitors
Once past the dacema, che characters wall down 3
Hall and ascend some stairs into a loud and boisterous
auditorium. The room is large and garshly lit. Cridely
inte and fled ewo-perny figures decorate the walls. A
amy man oath dishoweled lair ana u ong than bes of
‘nese stunds near the entrance, Black makeup smears his
face, he wears a chimney sweep's hat anda sandwich board
that ends: The Priest and the Privy. A Modern Morality
Tale in Three Acts by Henri Marton
The characters are led to or they pick out Marton,
who is a small, mustached vampire in a gaily decorated,
red overcoat. He sits with two women and chats ainica

siting
Heompany while

times small

mks to sew their anvita

grcety them warmly, dismisses the waren ax
characters to sit

Book One: London Ghost Stary



ads the charneters upstairs. Those with en
hanced senses hear low moaning and swell sex in the ait
establishing the second floor as a brothel. Sire hi

coterie await in 2 small spartan garret on the top floor.
Besides Mare rie includes the two Taylor broth:
crs and a Gen pire named Diets. Theee cane
hnthe the room inadingy yellow glow. Streck welcomes

characters and asks them their busines

If the characters are here to speak for Lady Astor,
Streck repeats Marton's admonition and adds that a clever
woman like Astor should avail herself of the oppornunitie
thar che attack will bring. Screck then aska the characters
leave. Ifthe charactersattemps to attack, Streck C
his companions and retreats into the dark n
stitute the rest of the top floor. The Brujaly are int
mmilinr with the maze and escape through a passa
building makes any attempts to track thein by smell impos
sible. The anarchists do not fight unless comered
and may even prevent chatacters from attacking Streck at
e charactervae there conid the Sobbat raid on the
tread theirauras to dlerermine cheir honesty, He is particu:
larlysuspicious of characters thathe perceivestobe authority
figures. fStreckis not won over by the characters, he insist
Heconfides thatthe true targetof the attack isnotthe entire
Camarilla, but Clan Ventrue, the leaders of the Camarilla
»flce the country

ads that the Tzimisce involved should have stuck eo

now how. (Marron fooks somewhat uncomfortable

Streck gives allied character five addressee around the
attack: He fails to mention the Giovanni's role in providing
blood for the raid. Ifthe characters question him directh
abourthe Giova any knowledge of them.
In many ways, this is true; Streek has made a deal with them
nly for Hood, ngtore. However, asthe Giovannt

out the Neeromancers' vendetta against the elders

should he ever have to pick side

Book One: London Ghost Story


Investigating the
Sabbat


Hortense Holden

Joreense Holden ts an influential T
who's in change of the city's Elysium. He also sy

a y¢ behind the

Toreador's elder, who has become insular over the past Rony trormudians evtend from the crearure's h
y-timeresidentsof he city know Holden a ating Kieh ne Tstalice
iipoe ih a Hortense Holden mentions tha
political weight than tt should for his 200 years. (You must SuPPovedly lat attack
local ch nour of To

what previous c
ith Hi
reador isa tall, raven -haired man inhise
who exudes an airy yte. He holds fashio
‘court in a palatial Ke ne. Ifthe charact
Holden at Vater

ets ty

known Tremere holding ih
failed to mention any Sabbwe
"There'snolove!

Ho

shows the

the E

ney have abour the Sabbat attack

Hokien to talk
ow why the Sabbat attacked his

tha

ense Holden explai he

Sabbat attacke

8° skin-weaving powers. The

ind staked the other our tn
flee

Book One: London Ghost Story 3


The vampires rejoin on the second story 0 ths. A charaéter who reads
Holden and his followers, The group her mind perceives startlingly vivid of ghosts in hee
Jestroying ane in the prices b fn elaborce

tower, Victoria cantor sects se

hes, buc they are the pe

If the characters ask after the woman, Holden explains hallacinarory psychosis. If Victorka wens one of Japheth
thar her came is Victoria Ash, his childe, and that she hay cloaksanddsleepsina nnd (suchaathatatOur Lady ofthe
recovered from her fall. The characters may ask to question Sacred Hearr, ee next page), she begins to see real wr

onta, but Hortense Flokden cautions thar the experience moreefliciently than even the characters do (but she ail ec
VictoriaAsh ve asa wraithly "lighte

herring ut even a information. She

liopaled on an iron fence below. Victoria tells investigators

ms that the Tor trvdavidals

ideal with the help of the

rh lo and "her lover' ghost," who visits hex from treats Victoria; simple ll :
to time. Such a claim may be somewhat surprising ckler? reputation in Landon severeh
ming fi ming vampite, though the characters may

Yer, Vietox ier belie ts stg, Steller Now « ‘
fenitn A nll 1 ellectul sense she sl ute nnve Her vampire pot
host detector." Others may believe her pry hinged 3 Colitey endPreence 3 ,

tally keep her true nature as nebulous as possible

The Sun Has Set


Monsieur Pachard
(Tremere Elder)

London's small Tremere presence has never been par-
ticularly popular with the city's Ventrue. Characters who
follow Hollen'sdirectionsarid visit MonsieurPachardsbrood-
that they act on behalf of Valerius.

Monsieur Pacha sa small, intetse man, wath tft of
‘white hair tha sprout lke wild gras from his otherwise bald
Ihsod. There issomething omphibian abourhies, andl hands
are webbed up to the fet knuckle. He has a high-pitched
Goelic accent, and he tsa old and potent Thaumnarungs.

mnouncesthat hehasno intention of attending

on fox aaubog, honed hep

Conclave. Any dincuston ofthe Sargon Fragment excites hira
and he offersto translate the tome should the charac:

bbe ar the

Pachard denies that his people have beet attacked by the
Sublc, while simultaneously drawing his clatk around one
ide an injury. He offers no further information,
London's Tremere ate on the defensive. Other members
of the local Camailla offer thetn litle support, and. the
‘Tremere are too few to apply much pressure when itcomesto
political manipulation. The Tremere, therefore, keep to them:
selves and refuse to risk their necks for anyone.

Investigating the
Giovanni

The characters may decide that the doings of the
Sabbat or the Camarilla are secondary wo their interests in
the Glovansth The Necrottancers have hidden theis wicks
well bur are also creatures of habit. The characters may
search for them using the experience they have acqu

over the past four centuries. Camarifla characters are likely
toseirch the Sacred Heart Cathedral (as related to ther by
Valerius), Sabbar characters have learned from Lady Astat
stout Giovanni involvement with various Southwark beew-

Our Lady of the Sacred
Heart

The cathedral is in Wandsworth, a run-down, lower:
middle-class area. Despite this factor, the streets are clean
and well-kept Christmas wreath dlecorate doorsandanles
light up many windows, People walk unafraid here until late
into the night. A constble patrols near the cathedral
‘which isa large, domed building thar standsom irs own plot.
ley strangles the building.

The characters sense. that faith lingers in the
tuilding. The aura is discomforting, but not intolerable
Surveying the edifice reveals that a priest, a deacon and
several monks reside there. Most of them are asleep when
the characters arrive.

plaque hangson one of the rectory walls [elise al of
the church's priests since its founding in 1685. The name of
che most recent father is Theogore Coughlin. The name of
hispredecessor ieMatcus Giovanni (a mortal member ofthe
Giovanni family, but one whowe faith has kepe hax trom
falling to the depravity of his kin)

A thorough search reveals nothing else out of the
ordinary, though the character may discover Deacon

"randall's papers (see below.

Father Coughlin

Characters who take a divect approach and knsek at
the door awaken Fither Coughlin. He ts crow at being
dliseurbed, yet maintains polite facade. The characters may
question hisn in any way, from jubele inguiries about the
Giovanni, to using their Disciplines wo force his compli

Coughlin is evosive at fst but is only human and
feveals what he knows under pressure. The priest explains
that his predecessor, Father Marcus Giownnni, disappeared
‘over a month ago. along with the cathedral' treasury. This
isonly half trie. Additional coaxing compels Cough
admit that he stole the collection after Marcu disappear
ance, Coughlin yenuinely doesnot know what happened to
Marcus, but his being missing profited Coughlin, who h
been pressured to not investigate the disappearance any
furber, or to contact the police

Coughlin betioves that he is following orders from bia
bishop to remain quiet in this matter, to avoil a "scandal
However, the order to stay silent actually came from Cla
Giovanni. A character who reads Coughlin's mind may
realise that something is amiss if she receiv
jon-an Intelligence + Subterfuge roll (dificult 6), Addi
tional rolls may reveal the face of the characters' old
nemesis, Gillespi Giovanni, ssuing the command.

Ifthe characters do not discover the Giovani subter:
fuge and pursue the bishop lead, chey follow a red herring
and harass an innocent man.

Deacon Crandall

Atleastone clergyman in the church suspects foul play
mei s i cba
acters question Father Coughlin, one, oe
spotsadeacon spying on them. The man runs approached,
but he iseasily overtaken by a determined vampire
‘The deacon blanches with fear (especially the char
acters exhibit supernatural powers). He suspects chit the
strangers are behind Father Giovanni's disappearance. Sut

prisingly, the clergyman abo believesin supernatural powers i

Book One: London Ghost Story

Wo mucceses


ona flashes a crucifix. His faith és weak, though, and the
action causes only a flicker of discomfort. The man is
frightened butean be calmed with a judicious application of
diplomacy or Presence. The deacon ts Douglas Crandafl and
was Marcus Giovanni's "close friend *

Crandall has had a recent brush with the supematural
and ix capable of giving wneful
He claims to have been concerned about Marcus, wha
been severely deptessed for weeks befone his dso
The priest would noc share his problems, excepe to say that he
faced u "devil's choice."

henight before Marcus went ising, he reputedly went
fora walkin the adjacent cemevery, as washis habit. Crandall
watched frotn a window asa muy and woman (Gillespi and
Lucretia Giovani!) appeared. They spoke with Marcus and
rmade threatening gestures, Marcus waved fis cross at then
and the stranger vanished

Father Marcus in rumored to have walked the
‘cemetery the next night igninst Crandall' pleas, and he never
retumed (He was kidnapped by Clan Giovanni and incerred
Intovone of theirblood houses, which were created ta fed the
Sabla before the upcoming aetick on London.) Local mes
ber of Clan Giovanni bud tried to comupe the pious Father
Giovanni into joining their undead ranks; they offered hum
enerpusamountsof money tosign over deeds tachurch lands
tn the city, om which the vampires intended to build "safe"
stouyhter houses. ‘The seduction failed and the frustrated
‘vampires took theirrevenyge (Characters might hs
to eicounter Father Giovani later, before the S

Douglas can aliow the characters co nstorageroom where
hhe hid yore of Marcus' personal effects. Among these ane
several recent banker's cheeks for subseantal amounts from a
Montgomery Dunwien of Dunsitn Beeweriex The checks are
imate out to Marcus Giovanni, tut they are unsigned by the
recipient. The characters may find Dunsirn's home address
though the church's record of parishioners; Douglas tells
them that Montgomery én mtermirtent churchgoer arid
that he pays generous tithes.

Unless the characters have heen very discreet in their
Investigation. here, one of the Giovanni's wraith sentinels
soars silently into the night sky to warn his masters. Any
chanicter who wear one of Japheth's cloaks might catch a
slimpse of the fleeting imace
Storyteller Note: The Dunn arean old Scottish bank
faunity dhat has been Embraced into the ranks of the
Grovaani. The fanily'y respectable reputation i an effective
cover for members! Giovarant ties, und other serets. (The
family's bers ae cannibals)

The Dunsirn are an important souree of incorne forthe
Giowinni, and they enjoy more freedom than is grantedl
most wshordinate clan families

Montgomery Dunsirn
Drunsitn, 9 20-year-old
tw Ambeogino.

tal pawn of John
with connections

Discovering
Count Dunlop

VW characters explore the cemetery where
took his constitutional, they notice that the graveyard
is far older than the church itself. A high stone wall
surrounds a series locks and dates, each of which is
covered with gravestones of every description. Use of
Japheth's cloaks reveals » rangle of ind:
‘moving presences — a sensation the characters have felt
in other places of the de:

Before long, the characters notice a lange wolf erouch
ing in the shadkws of the cesnctery yace. Aura Perception
reveals dark-blue halo, suggesting suspicton. Ifthe charac:
terssee the wolf before itsees them (Perception + Alertness,
difficuley 8), they may approach it and do whatever they
wish. fthe wolf spies the chine ers first, it dashes from the
paces anc! into the surrounding streets,

The fleeing wolf is Alice Seymour, » Gangre! ancilla.
‘She ishighly suspiciousof other vampires ar the church: she

Jy discovered that Count Dunlop ss already in Loe
don and is in league with other vampires, perhaps even
Giovanni. Alice sported and trailed Dunlop to the church
two nights ago, where he met with vampires who Seymour
sniffed ww be Nevtoamicer

Tf Alice does not recognize the characters or knows them
to be Sabbat, she flees to exape whut she believes will be
itmminent atrack at the church (though she may abo try ©
rnmbush one of the characters who looks weak by doubling

evan 00 any pursuers).
If Alice Seyen«

Marcus

r recogmites the characters by fice or
description as fellow Camatilla, she stil flees to draw them
from the church, which she believes és being watched. A
tncksterat heart, she is not above deriving perverse delight
in running the eldetsragged. Alice must have something of
«death wish ro play such dangerous ames with vampires:
old as the chatacters,

Pursuing characters tril the wolf through sick cobble
alleys Ficasstilt early in the night, the streets are
filled with people. Commuters disembark from huge hone
‘drawn, tedand yellow omnihuses, People stroll the sidewalks
‘Some in the milling crowd are working others are shopping.
or engaging in casual conversation. The smell of roasting
chestnuts rises from a neatby streec vendor. Andy a Mind
frejggar sits ar the mouth af an alley

"The wolf spor shy about darting through the crowded
streets. Her presence evokes everything from screams 10
curiosity among the startled pedestrians. A horse rears in
panic ind a block-lacquered hansom cab ypins out of can:
‘rol. Thus it isnt dfficult follow the wolf trail, Characters
who are conceted with the Masquerade may try to follow
inva way dat does not eantribute to the commotion. I

The Sun Hi


the streets are
ran

har
ollow che

© may pu

A chara ie on horse oF foot. A fellow

nwo form (and mayalready

+ leading them,
ore than treach:
yin the pursuit,

hy = acters, her eyes

shows grea (though not comple
haracer se sb

i ters are investigating on Valens
behalf, he tells them that (contrary to Valeriue' belief)
Count £ ready in a: He has been camped
aaside the c almost a week, She has heen following
his scent and trailed him to the church two nights ago.

Voletius met rwo varapire

She has fe

and a woman — who
ice suspects th cemere
‘watched" ever since she trail
sifies around

Dunlop, and the fe

Characters who examine A a ghostly t

nothing, though this ws by no means conchusive

hey probably

more than a pc ney do, Once Ali
beaten, the eh force her to reveal
cone way ying on the church,

me Gangrel, pethap
ulnerable when the
air for more

Book One: Landon Ghost Story


Alice Seymour

London's unchecked urban growth ind increased Lu-
pine iggressiveness over the past century have conspited to
displace local Gangrel. Many have retreares! noth to Less
‘oppressive climes, Life for outlanders sho have remained
treat London has beeo
Despite her past differences with the Ventnue. Alice may
tally her pack to the chamberlain's defense if the Sabhat
attack. However, she will not become involved until she is
ry. Lf any Sabbar characters propose. an
ance with the city's Gangrel, Alice listens with interes
Shereportsdirectlytoherelder,preparingthe city'sCamaritla
forany Sabbat menace, or allowing the Gangrel wo profit from
the upcoming stack alter Valerius is our of the way (you aay
cide to any conspiracies).
Alice Seymour is a tall, attmctive wornan with shor, rd
fhnir. Her features show only the slightest hints of her bestial
She wears white shire with a leather waistcoat and.
teentlemen' legis. Despite her feral nature, she digplays
certain polish, bespeaking a privileged upbringing (hedge 10+
bility), Alice supports the Camaritla generally, but she is
nervous of anyone except for fellow Gangrel, She is
roughly equal gen

ek include Animalises 4,
3, Porence 2.and Protean 4

Dunlop's Lair

Characters who join Alice to iavestigate Dunlop even
tually each addeep cleftalongone of the Thames riburares,
Alice crouchesby the stream, stares intently ineo the fog anal
souls lowly, There ian uncarchly quiet tothe place and ne

mals of any kind are ncarby, except for insects. Alice

telates that she saw Dunlop and his pack enter and leave the

rea several times. Technically, Dunlop is not camped Ins
London, «3 he dovsn't break the Traditions by vet

unaniiounced to the chamberlain. And yet, hissecret forays

into the city to meet at the church could eavily be deemed

defiant to Camorila awe. OF eautse, the characters have ne

proof that the count met vampires at any c

A high flyingerow acts as Dunkop'seyes inthe atea. The

rts the count ta the characters' presence unless they

are Obfuseated or ocherwise well-hidder. Ifthe characters

| trave;Dimloprecog-

pproacl but does nothing ele: Ifthe characcers

tty to send ah animal into the ares as a spy it resists, The

characters muy persuade at t proceed, but the animal evs

tably fails to return,

A character with Auspex 5 may reconnoiter the area
with her mind. The character sees that the cleft opens out
{nto a smal fen choked by weeds and brackish water. Two
large wolves stalk the perimeter. Rooted in the shallows of a
i pond ia small copse of ead gnarled trees. Avcane
slyphe of an obscene nature are carved into the dew

Storytelling Count Dunlop

The charactors may believe any nutmber of
thing after visiting Count Dunlop. They might
even guets at the truth: Dunlop's motives are
pritmal, and be bos dark plans. The count hutes
Mithras andl Valerius for manifold wrongs, borh.
real and imagined, the greatest of which was
Mithras' veey rea} murder of Dunlop's daughter
and ehilde. Dunlop Ins tnmnsferred this haceed
Valerius, Mithras' favorite. Killing the prince's
shilde would be a fitting revenge — the first of
many —and would be easier than confrenting the
Methuselah himself. Dunlop is commited to
‘Valerius' desteaction.

To this end, Count Puintop fas made s vem
porary alllance with the Sabbat and a long-term
agreement with the Giovanni. The Necromn-
cers have made various promises to the count,
Including one to lift his wnsting curse' (see the
‘count's profile ar the end of this chapter) and we
‘his pull w direct his ncrsons ws for as the Garigrel
will allow, Dunlop hes und prevarieates about his
Intentions in London, but they heceme almost
transparent at the coming feast.

bark. A successful Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 7) is
required to entify the markings ss ancient Ci
adark, animist nature.

(farmers and trappers by their clothing) hang
limply from tree branches like rotten fruit. Two are barely
alive while the ret ate ao warying states of dasompesition)
none is ower a week dend. It looks nif birds have been atthe
‘victims eyes as eed rivulets flow from their bloody sockers.
The bieds have nat bud a chance st the victims' tongues,
though, which have been sliced off with » knife. Large
wooden basins lie beneath the two still-breathing viceims,
and ate filled to the beim with semt-congealed blood. The
bowls display various runes ind several other artifacts (a
ritual in progress.

There isan almost palpable heavines to the area that
grows more oppressive as the character mentally reaches the
hheart of the rigion — a eave in the side of » hillock. Tie
large, red-haired men sit across 4 small fire at the cave's
‘mouth. Boch ate armel with lage inonanxes, I the projecting
chittacter tries to enter the she iy serack by waves 0
sickness and dlaneicoration. Her tind maces back to her

bhoaly as she vomits blood

The Sun Has Set


he swamp, Alice re

nds hen that Cour reve
sem
ough and she:

den

a hows
wed fen is full of

Inoge, foul-tempered insects. The bus bill chirping
the feasting their every
‘characters may sneak by the insects if they use Obluscate

ow + Stealth rolls (difficulty 9) are

indivcover that th

seters pas, thus bn ove.

successful Dextetic

Gangrel s

hhallenge the character
v let them detect the chan

Dano

Rother tha

Je unnaturally
tog

tal growl: a sean sfucther

than sneak around in the swamp, the character
approach
by wolf

on vd al the Geangrel

side thi call. The same
fer and assume human
forwatd,

iawelf a

form. The younge J-headed men.
Richard Dunlop, &
Seoetith a

mond

He wWentifie

He hae a strony
tone, He de.
father.

n of the conn
speaks with an impen

know why the characters disturb

phase
the chamberlain, Richaed replies tha
shortly, bur ea

Ifthe characters ank why Duin getrepoeed to
hey intend to do

‘hey needed to perform a tnmnily ceremny

The ritual
inform "the prince

first complete and the family 1

vcrors would be

ichand te

dispenses of us a family matt

chy
otter an

Chanute
und wt

Auspex to survey the swan
seriously, may be angered
Ard yer, hw do the chara
nthe isu without reveal
father! Ifthe characters ni
present themselves to the ch
tue todo so the next nigh.
The Dunlops make iroby
to enter their impromptu

young Dun
spied on bh at

mberlain in person,

lon
The

vs thu they
chara aven.

nonmally an

ack 1

venture may flow very differ

‘ount Dunlop
with theit unfives (or hast
sin the swamp). The

nthe city, and he doesn't want hi

(such "small fab." Ifthe characters

heen ut

rant targer

by the deaths
Jefewt,
which may bet

lop can always clair toh

Ultimately nlikely that violence et

wate th

Pethap

port their
ed tire

Book One: London Ghost Story


Storyteller Note: This scene is intended primarily for
CCamuriila characters but Sabbat ones may uncover Dunlop's
haven, too, Perhaps they get the informatie rock or
force it from Alice Seymour. Dunlop's haven isa mere three
tniles west of Lady Astor's Hammersmith chateau, albeit on
the other side of the river.

Dunlop's lair was once a Black Spiral Dancer enem (see
Werewolf The Apocalypse): Dark spicit eneryies have
dissipated, but the place stll bears palpable psychic scars.

Southwark

The Giovanni wed to maintain a strong interest in
London's banking and lending institutions, bur their inthe
ence there his evaporated completely. The Daunvien family
has sitice proven invaluable in nsserting the clan's incerests
in Southwark's breweries

Lady Astor indicated that Giovanni invelvement in
London breweries was heatsay. Sabbat characters may nev-
ertheless choose o follow this tine of inquiry. Characters of
either sect may alsa investigace the Giovann trail that Alice
Seymour followed from Our Lady of the Sacred Heart ex the:
Dunsitn Brewery

There ure several breweries in both Southwark and
Lambeth. Both are busy manufacturing areas and remain
active (and woll-it) throughout the night Southwark tale
lustre and exten
sive open-air markets that are in basiness until the late hours,
‘The two biggest breweries are the Perkins in Lambeth and
the Dunsirn in Southwark An investigation of the Perkins
Brewery unearths no supernatural elements; the Dunsimn
Brewery ts something elie entirely

Dunsirn Brewery

‘The brewery is pattolled by watchmen, and all en-
trances except for in buck loading dock ace locked. These
precautions aren't likely co deterthe charactery; they should
have little difficulty gaining entry.

One may project herself into che place mentally before

‘or, instend of — entering, The vast nmjority of the
building consists of manufacturing facilities, with a veritable
wy of yom Caced workers Dorel and packing beer trom
reat vars. The technology and antlke efficiency of the
operation may amuce characters who are unfamiliar with
1Seh-century mass production. The workd has changed a
‘reat deal since the 1400s,

Charcters who wear Japheth's cloaks soon become
aware of another presence in the factory: Four wniths, the
servants of the factory'sowner John Dunsim, watch overthe
place: If ee wrath see the characters (dhe elders do wane

th departs swiftly to report the
‘intrusion to its master. There is nothing elw of an incrimi-
nating nature in the manufacturing area.

hhome to lange leather anufact

The Sun Has Set

1 the chamscters meak into the office portion of the
buulding they discover three people till ot work. Two ofthem
are rough looking guards (ghouls), both of who eacry hidden
ppbtols. A bronze plaque on a heavy oak door displays" Mont-
tomeryDunsim." The door hasacomplicatelock (Intelligence
+ Security dificulty S:rwosuccesses needed to open), Forcing
the door may alercthe ghouls or the builing'sthind cecupant,
Catherine Baker (sce next page), to ouble. The brewery
resident' office is decorated lavishly It is Largely devon of
anything interesting. However.churacterscasly locate paper:
work that lits Montgomery Dunst's adress,

Located near Montgomery's office ina lang: accountng
room with 25 desks lined in neat rows. The room iy almost
completely dark, excepe ora lamp at one desk, where « young
‘woman works. She wears a conservative gay dress with black
trim. and she wes to bahar over a ledger that trublot her in
some way, The woman is undoubtedly mortal

If the characters ignore her, they may search a thi
office. Iceontains cabinets and paperwork. These are prima
rily busines files: the company seems akmose studiously hse
abiding, There is same intecesting paperwork here, though.
A succestfl Perception + Investigation roll (dificult 7,
three successes required) tums upadeed to church bands in
Nottingham Dale and construction contracts with a local
Jumber yard, The deed issigned by none ocher than Marcus
Giovanni, formerpries of OurLady ofthe Sacred Heat (his
signature appears tobe shaky und faltering, not bold), These
articles are explained tn full below.

‘The characters have little trouble wibduing guards who
favestigate any commotion. ff the yonng woman eutches
the characters prowling, oc if they approach her, she ts
frightened but attempes to stand her ground. She demands
to know who they are and what they're doing. She tiesto
tun if the characters are menacing. If they coavince the
‘woman of their "good intentions," she may talk, but she is
stil afraid and chooses her word carefully. Characters may
aabo fowce informacion from her easly, or read her mind.

Dunsirn's Guardians

The brewery is under surveillance at all cimes. The
factory's owner has fertered four wraiths to the building to
protecticfrom intruders. fthecharncters just breeze through
the building and seem to lear litle, the wrth observe
their actions bur do not interfere. {f the characters damage
the phice, question Catherine Baker too deeply, or are of
the verge of learning any other valuable secret, the wraiths
work to expel che vampires from the factory

Previously dead ol lamps suddenly burs to life, shaking
and rattling of their own volition. One af them rises from a
‘table and burls toward the characters und bursts into flames
‘on impact. Ifthe eharsceers are in the plant's factory area,
the wraiths hurl bottles with amazing speed and accuracy.
"They may alo attempeto pourholingmalton the intruders,
IF the characters display any softhearredness (toward
Catherine, for example), the wraiths may also throw one of
the plant's wretched child laborers into the clanking ma-


wrath tack py

They try to

Fhurch Lands by

a bre

Book One

London Ghost Story


‘Catherine has been with the brewery for bess than a Year
1nd has worked hard todistinguish herself ws accountant. ka
return for her initiative, her mentor" has chipped away at her
confidence nnd has hit her more than once. Yet, ot the same
time, he hus convinced her that he loves her ted has hinted at
marriage. Montgomery's rmaset,

(Catherine and considers hier "toothsome." Catherine can den
ny John Dunsim by sight and knows Mesntgemery's ness,

Faker maintains a fierce hope that things wall tum out fr
the best, but she is lowly losing her sanity. She doesn't knw
aanythungabout vamipiesbur suspects something very frighten
‘nggabour the Dunsims If the characters read her mind — and
donot make contact with her— they lear what she currently
rvs.

{Catherine survives the scene at the brewer

soon
viormation that may be of we to the characters
‘She finds several lange tullsfor lumber and building materials
(enough 1 build 9 small house). The bills are from a known,
Tumberyard én tuwns. Catherine also finds the deed to a
church's land, signed (under duress) by Marcus Glowanni.
This information leads her directly to one of che Sabbat's
blood warehouses «

Whar she does with this information depends on how the
characters dealt with her at the brewery, Wraiths follow
(Catherine through her discoveries and eavesdrop on any tans-
action between her and the chamicters ifthe elders are blatant
ln theis dealings, Catherine may soon be dead.

Montgomery Dunsicn

Moaiigomery Dunsir livesnearhis factory in alange semi
ural, red-brick mansion, A hich metal fence surrounds the
sounds ana! large sur dogs stalk the yard silently. If Mant-

sgomery bs forewamed ofthe characters activitiesar the brewery
snl recognizes the threat thar they pose he atempesto flee his
home (he takes time tocollecthisthanatalogicaleurion. though

sce below). The characters muy intercept Montgoinery. He
offers litle resistance; however, he keeps pistol hidden ina
desk, of on his person df topped curse.

Montgomery manages the brewery, but more imyportantty,
hecoonlinatesthe London Giovanni'sdaytitue activities. Killing
orcapruring him cripples the can's daylight effeciveness. ithe
characten search the hosse, they fine build and polished bones
sechedov: rnin ahacemoen shal' Theyaks find venpey
rest chamber for vampires and emergency caches of cokl Hood.
Hf the characters question Montgomery quickly, they lear sev-
cal things from John Dunssn's activities in building blood
houses acrow the city, to a Giovannt alliance with London's
Sabbat. Monigomety knows nothing of the Giovanni connee-
‘bon to Count Dunlop, though.

Montgomery considers women inherently inferior to men
—tohimselfin pariculae. Hefoollhlyextendsthisraisconcey-
tion tothe vampires andsmuglyparronizesany female characters.
Such characters sense that he undresses them mentally, even
when he's under duress

The Sun Has Set

Montgomery is watched by wraiths as closely as his
factory is As the characters question him, those who wear
Japhoth'scloaks notice agathering of spiritual energies, The
wraiths here are similar to those in the brewery, but with
‘even less regand for property values. The wraiths strategy is
twofold: They seek todamage the characters while splitting
their forces. Atleast one wraith isakilled in creating strange
illusions that make the walls in the frone hallway Bleed
Another weuith tries to spirit Montgomery away froma the
characters. One character sees strange lights dancing in the
bhackyatd that compel hima to investigate. (These lights are
created in an effort to draw one or more characters our and
into a trap prepared by Ambrogino.)

Montgomery i a 90-year-old ghoul and has the Dise-
pines Dominate 2, Rotinude 1, Necromaney I and Potence 3,

Ambrogino

The garden behind Montgeimen's house i» opulent
bonderingon ostentatious. Reproductions of ancient Roman
soe line: red-brick pachwaws. High hedgerows prevent a
‘complete view of the garden, It has begun to snow and a thin
layer of white ice crystals crunch beneath the characters feet.

‘A lured character who enters the gaan seey dancinyy
‘alls of light that east faint pstters of color en the snowy
‘ground. The will'o the wispsretreat farther Ineo the garden
at the vampire's approach. Once the character hns followed
for a shorr diseanen (or refuses ts follow oe moves to turn
back) an apparition of peetless beauty appears. This isthe
Lover, a powerful Spectre that serves the Giovanni. The
creature's sppenrance reflecrs its vietim's deepest desires (if
‘more than one characters enters the ganlen, the Lover
ppears ro only its intended paramour, who w the character
who would be most moved or frustrated by the affections of
another). The spirit may seem to be a ghostly wonur in
white, u darkly hundsome gentleman or somethin com-
pletely alien,

There is something ethereal about the apparition,
but it melts away in the kaleidoscope of falling stow as
two figures emenge from the shadows. One is Lucretia
Giovanni, a call blonde woman dressed entirely in black
A thin black blade is barely visible arop a sheath on her
back. She smiles at the character; het ice-blue eyes
gleam with » mixture of amusement, bloodlust and
madness. There 4$ an ingenuous quality to her and a
character may decide (incorrectly) that she is younger
than he. He may also have seen her before, during The
Aneshexeton prelude.

Behind Lucretia isJohn Dunsien, a smallish, bearded
man who leans on a black, boar-headed eane. He wears
a stylish blue suit and 0 greatcoat. If the characcer
doesn't attack immediarely, the woman greets him by

She way even trae pleas

the myriad of uses of

ghosts, "especially for spying," or about "the disappoint-
ing depths to which the Camarillascemsto plunge tofind


pes with an ait

s," Lucretia says ruefully
ally. Whar I do now

ents skillful opponent, "You fight well.

nielee, Lucretia adap

really fair

¢ sirounding ground

Shadowy spiderforms. A second gh

relly liands, yevered ut the

unnatural undead vigor. The
how imo Ambrogino
hecomes aware of these mi

1 from the darkne

have never seen him

seen Aimbrogino's impersonator, th

1000 (see Bloud & Fire
Arabrogina sve

mares, His majestic, irtes

from the troe

Teen, like portals ta some netherworld in

He may struck ln on

SIinyati are the hands of mud

Kill. Theirskin issenti

Book One: London Ghost Story

the hand M. in
Barcelona (ngain as seen in visions from The Anexkexeton
prelude), The han although

nscrate no netul

those thar killed Monsieur

are fast, strong and
display amv in
mage their victim (they fight

J.clawar vital spors such as
pheth's cloaks (Dexter
1, minus «wo dice for the clumsiness of the
with a blue fla

tethouse stench, Two such blows are required t
each hand

may also enter the conflict directly

a sword to hack the

character 0 his is the battle's cone!

Storytell

h blow with ghoulish
ld be a disturbing and
ingexperience for an eldet. Amibro

ald describe
glee. A defeat like this
ha

g of a sadist (yet not obsessively so). H
character's gut but lenves an inter
tia and John Dunsisn,

blade cruelly in th

igh blood for him to regain his wits (and to forge the
sensuoue tone — politely at first chen with increasing

he actual torture

The Giovanni have used their wraiths tu spy on the

characters for cent id they believe Marianna has
whereabouts and accuses the elder o
plot" with hee to destray Cl
probably Lacks the
the charactet underwent The Anexhe

Dunsim isadept at torture, though:

nenting a "foul
» Giovanni. The character
formation Lucretia desires unless
20m

16 400-year-old
1e (the Scotsman

character his probably dealt with we
lacks imagination). Dunslen isn't really trying to.extract
informa nflict pain to distract the victim
on the Lucretia true intent (age below). If
¢ adept at resisting torture, he may divulge

we char

everything he knows (three Stamina rolls, difficulty 8 10
remain silent). The Giovanni may gain some valuable
information, However, regardless of how the character

answers, Lucretia professes to not believe him and then.

intensifies the abuse.

While Dunsimn cortures the character
him open and slicing off his fingers — Lucretia
to read the character's mind and then fetters a wraith
(The Lover) to him, The Storyteller should roll
's mindreading, The Lover is intended as a

curing

\ce to the characterand ngaapy thatthe Giovanni
can use in the future to learn of the character

— specifically, if he hay encountered Marianna,

The Sun Has Set


versely, the character may try

Book One: Landon Ghost Story


‘The Lover

The Lover ia potént und yubele Spectre, Itremainsdormant within itshostfor the nexttew decades, learning about
tts companion, When ir dock emerge, the Spectre manifests mainly as a whispered volce that delicately 4educes the
character's wibconscious It knows exactly what the character desites anid forms itself 19 meet chose needs. At firs,
the character may see visions of the Laver. perhaps reflected in store windows or in daytime dreams. However, a
second persona begins to impinge on the character's psyche over the next few decades

{en game teem, thi chameter gains 1 second Nature of yourehoiee. The type depends in parc on the charter
‘own penonalitysthe Lover becomes a daskreflection of hissoul. The Lover may look like the character's ideal "mate."
long-lost loved one, oreven himself ifhe ts nareisistic. Thespiritmay alsochange form to suit the character's current
fancies,

‘The Spectre his two goulltoreinain receptiveto its Giovanni mastersand to reveal information rothem whenever
the charactet bs in the presence of Necromancer — and to destroy the chamneter. To the later en, it whely
‘encourages the character's base qualities, tempting him to degrade or comprotnise himself in return for comfort from:
the Lover:

An ongoing histotical chronicle lets you stage a long-term seduction between game vessfons and during periods
ofcharacter inactivity, The character ts lirgely unawate ofthe Spectre, though he probably kaows something occurred.
while he wast Lacretia's mercy. The Lover isa xervicor of the Giovanni butt alsoa strong-willed spint with sts own,
aagendo and predilections. The player should be encournged to enact his character's degeneration as time passes, The
character nay. noe recognize the change thet occurs to him over the decades, but the other elders certainly do,
‘copectally after any significant ime spent apare

Ifyou have Wraith: The Oblivion, treat the Spectre asthe chanicter' Shadow. The Lover isa Doppelganger snd
possesses the Arcanol Argos 2, Embody2,Mollate 5, Phantasm 2and Puppetry md the Dark AteanosCantaminate
4: In Vampire terns, the Speer empowers the Beast within the character, destiny; Humanity or distracting the
churactee fam punning his path. ‘The Spectes has ce Disciplines Awepex 4, Dominate 3, Obhuscite 3, Presence 1

vough this power is used very effectively), Vicissltude 4, and Willpower 8. The Lover can use these abilities only

con the individual to whom it is fettered

The Preta Shunyata

Background? The Preta Shanyata are the handy of murderety birthed ina nectomantic ritual, and they are
controlled by Ambrogino withan ancient, evil artifact that he actyuined tn Tiber. Ambrogino has 49 of the creatures
at his cooumand is Londan and ean take more, though doing «0 takes time and effort.

Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity5, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 0, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidarion 3

Skill: Stealth 5

Disciplines: Fortitude 3, Obfiucate 1, Potence 3

Willpower: 3

Image: The Pret Shinyats are severed hands with jagged, graveyard nails. They are abnormally large and assume
stsolaved. spiderlike stance. Their skin is cightly rranchicont set haw glistening. boich-geay hae. Close oheorvens

red rouscles, tendons amd hones beneath the skin, The specteal hands are like ticks: They do not appear

to take damage until they are destroyed complerely, at which point they splatter with a moist cracking sour

Roleplaying Hints: The PretaShdnyatilare mindless servitorsthatare urgedon bythe hate that once inspired their
murderous "owners." They follow Arabrogino's simple command,

Health Levels: OK. OK, OK, OK, Destroyed

Storyteller Note: Despite theirlong, ragged nails, che hands da not do aggravated damage. They ute essentially

‘miodies and are imumune to Oorninate and Presence. When the hands swacm una group of {0 or more, those facing
them mse mike successful Willpower cull (llficuly 8) oF the vumpines frenzy.

The Sun Has Set


AFeast of Ghosts

Thisscene is dedicated to Valerius feast,held in honor
ofthe newly amived Count Dunlop. The event takes place
about two nights after the count announces himself to the
chamberlain (which he undoubtedly did the night after the
characters encountered the Gangrel — perhaps even ns the
Dunleps promised to do),

‘Camarills characters probably attend the fen, if only
becanxe Valerius pressured them toupon their arrival in the
fey. Sabbae characters who pose as Camacilla ssmy also
attend, but they had better he certain ofthe security of their
ttnesalter spending many nightsin Landon, undoubtedly
inthe company of known Sabbat. Ifthe characters have yet
to complete their own investigations or recover rom mect
ings with Ambrogino ot other enemies, you can delay the
feist until all of ue characterscan take part. Justify the delay
byotaginga game of Valerius' own —Dunlophastoyed with
the chamberlain by failing to announce himself ina timely
fiebion,and now Valerius toys with the Gangrel by delaying
thefestivities fora night or two. Trivial lunges and pares,
fechas, hut ones that are profoundly meaningful in Kine
hed eoure

Valerius! purpose in holding this fens isto sound out
Dunlop before the Conclave. The Ventrue és aware of the
oont's animosity toward Mithras and the court in general
vail ford wo play hie and before
the meeting proper, so that Valerius gains the advantage
and maintains control of the proceedings.

Itiscold the night of Valerius' receprion;aclammy nist
ofscores city and country alike. The gathering ts held in a
linge 13th-century manor overlooking the Thames, three
niles west of Woolwich. The house sa looming fortress of
heavy gray stone. Valerius explains to the characters that
Prince Mithras gave the tmansion ro him in 1666, after Srice
bemed the chamberlain's old mansion to che ground.

After the events of che past nights, the characters may
have much to report co the chamberlain. Villerius listens
imly to hit news and! is particularly disturbed by reports
thar Dunlop may be inleayye with the Giovanni. (Catmarilla
characters probably sill have little hard evidence linking
sither ofthese yroups to the Sabbar, though.) Ache least,
alesis is irttated by Lunlop's failure to show proper
pestation, but he decides not t0 push the tue (unless the
delaying option discussed nbowe is use)

The reception isheld in a huge bunting hall Four large
‘heunds curl up bs the fire. The polished wood floor s marred
byborses' hooves. There are several long, polished wooden
tables with knife marks oo theie surfaces.

Valerias has obtained a Large herd of dazed humans to,
ferve ns refreshments for the parry. Some of these have
taken various intoxicating substances, while otlers are
completely free of drugs ot alcohol (bust are still dazed),

seal hopes to bit the us

House rules forbid the unnecessary killing of the heed. The
two poachers that Valerius beat upon the character! atival
in London are among the vessels, and they look dazed and
depressed.

There are also large casks of blood om each table, and
there's ever a small quantity of animal blood for vampirer
whoshun human vitae. A mimber of ghoul retainers prepare
the hall; ome ure munictans. Valerius stsar.a lange cable sn
front of roaring fireplace. A great antlered stags head
hangs above the main table. Swords and shields bearing
‘Valerius crest (asable lion nimpant over a red chestan and
field urgent) line the walls The tis guestsarcve wround 10
o'clock.

10:00 P.M.

‘Valerius servant, Carlyle announcestach grouof ests
marobustfashion stheyenterthe hall Lady Anneatrives by
‘camiage with two Ventrue of lesser sation, They ore alli a
sociable mood and introduce themselves, engage the char
actervin light kanter. The Ventre. expecially the yourygones,
profess to be greatly honoced to meet Kindtes of the charac
ten' caliber. The Ventrue atrendees, trie so thete clan's
‘ature, seek togain political mlvantngesthrowgh dealings wich
thecharacters Some bringup the coming Conclave and voce
their strong support of the chamberlain,

Another complement of three Vente urtives shortly
thereafter. Among this grup ts tho Vertmie older, Josech
Caiman, Joxeph is a sight, brown-haized wn wich a neatly
trimmed beard, He dresses smartly in rich clothing, usually
bhick or deep blue. Gaiman is one of the mou influenaial
Kinde in Lenders ancl older shan the characershy atleast
century. He Balled to Valerius, but he hashis own plots and
schemes.

Lfthe characters were involved in the even
book, they cemember Gaiman ae the henefacto
Chandler. If Rove, the Catiff who the character: may have
inlopted in Blood & Fire, is wall with the group, there is
cheerful reunion berween the two. Thismeering may become
awkward if the characters (und hence, Rese) are secretly
Sabot und plan couttack the Venttue. Gaiman is charming,
but urterly ruthless when necessary, anu i mont interested in
‘preserving order ond, thus, his own power. He aids characters
i. matters involving the Sabbwe more readily dhin he does
those involving the Giovanni

There issome fiction hetween Lady Anne and Jeneph
Gaiman, Mithras disappearance bas maul the political situ
ation among the Vertue uncertain —svoce unstable eae it
hits been in cennurics. Both vampires have vied for power
throughout this period. Gaiman'ssupporters make allusions co
Lady Anne's dubiows connections t the Amber (sce Blood
& Fire), who have fallen: out of frvor with Mittran, The
Armbers did not receive invitationstoa
charactersare Valeri' allies, they may stat ee main table
with him, Lady Anne snd Git

he lst
of Rese

Book One; London Ghost Story


10:40 P.M.

Alice Seymour arrives with ewo of her pack (if the
charieters let her live carlber) and represents the Gungrel. She
speaks brictly with Valerius and then takes her place at alow
‘able on the east end ofthe hall

If Alice mer the characters previously, she cells thet
da: Dunlop had already left when she passed his havens ste
‘expresses some surprise that he is not yer here. If the
characters have not met her before, she introducesherself to
any Gangrel in the gr bur Alice does nor take pains to
jrovent henelt to others, She s rscepeive to any efforts the
characters make to introsuce themselves, though,

The hall whispers with private conversations as the gueits
break into small knots The characters may decid 10 we this
sceasion to make alliances of to catch up on news. They no
doubt have other plots und interests they wish to further that

todo with the Saba othe Giovanni

11:25 P.M.

‘The Brujah eldet Reginald Moore arrives next. Ménte
isan old and powerful revolutionary who was Embraced in
theearly !Wh.cennury. Despite his radical past, come young
Beujah consider him ww be too defenentil tthe city's
Vertiue. Hs party includes three other Beujah and Strech's
sociate Henri Marron. If the characters are part of the
Sahar plot, chey may attach rhemuslvex to tho Beujah's
party (oe come alone at any point during the festivities).

‘The Brujah jenerilly wear modest finery, thonigh one
swears rough working elothies in an apparent act of defiance
"The rabble takes over a large ble on the same aide of the
hall aw the Gangtel, though there te little initial contact
between the rwir groups beydind perfunctory nds. ‘The
Brujah are in 2 boisterous mood and make mere noise than,
th rest of the guests combined.

Midnight
‘Shortly after the Brujah's arrival, Carlyle emerges and

announces in choking mockery of his unal voice, "Count
Dunlop and parry," betore stepping wside quickly. Count

Dunlop enters the hall and many guests look asif they wish
he had not. His face isu virtual skull, with haggard sunkers
‘eves ithe effects of the curse thar made him undead), The

rnidly glow of the torches tints his gray, parchment-skin to
astckly orange color. His tartan isthe shade of dried blood
and ts worn nearly to tatters, A cold sunking breeze blows
into the hall with him, and one guest whispers "Nosferatu
whether out of intimids mockery.
The count' coterie — composed of his natural sons
follows him. They are easier w look uoor. but chev
are clearly touched by theie father's malady, First is
Richard, whe the characters may have spoken with afew
nights ago, The other wo are William and Archur

‘Those who spoke with Richard may cemember him
saying that he was first bor, yet he is clearly the
youngese of the three

Dunlop's coterie takes its place at a'table on thé
south side of che hall, across from Valerius, The chae-
berlain, initially stunned by che Gangrels' ghastly
appearance, recovers swiftly and raises his tanked it
toast, "Lords and tndies, honored guests — ix has been,
too many centuries since our highland cousins have
visited us. May they find a warm reception here. one
hey will cherish on their etura home." The guests raise
their glasses in consent, especially fo chis final slight.

Lord
ina guen
enterta

unlop raises hisglass in reply and pronounces
Scottish accent, "May out visit here be an
nA ito
and Acthut pull out stringed
them on the table, looking in the
erius' minstrels. The charaberlain laughs
though Dunlop's group

still exudes an air of menace.

The guests drink deeply from both the.casks and the
human vestels. Some of the heed fall unconse ous and
Valerius' retainers exrry chet from the room. The two
poachers are among the first to be presented to the
Gangrel. The two men, reeking of fear, step forward like
sleepwalkers. Raven-haised William and the ancieat
looking Arthur are the first to drink, as if testing the
hhlood for their father and his favored son Richaed
‘William drinks tong and deeply from che tall poacher
and moves on toanother vessel, leaving the archer alive
Arthur whispers something into the for man's ear, which
invokes a shudder, before ravaging the man's throat
‘The victim's eyes roll hack into his head as blood pours
from his mouth and throat; he stumbles drunkenly for 4
moment, beckoning with his hands for help we abyolu:
tion, and then falls dead with a thud. Richard beckons
for more vessels and mind-aumhed blood donors shutfle
forward

Characters who read auras detect a bright orange —
terror — dominating the herd's otherwise mottled glow
‘The Dunlops'aurasare hypnotic, lowing swirls of brawn
and green, indicating bitterness and mad obsession.

William har oF sergoese aie enrenopes 24
approach the count. Dunlop brusquely ignores any
atconversation, saying only that "it isnot permitced
character pursues Dunlop persistently, she may learn
finally that he believes humans ote becoming more
caitlelike every yeur, dalling the blood of their hunters
He blames the Ventrue for much of this and intends to
sayas much at the Conclave. Count Dunloy does not
leave his table, nor dairche mingle. However, Rove
Chandler is present, one of the charactets sees Dunlop
took at her and smile enigmatically, Valerius and hts
coterie remain seated as well

i

The Sun Has Ser


1:05 A.M.

Hortense Holden enters fashionably late with four vam:
Fikes. The Toreasor all wear splendid finecy. One wea
e been the height off

dhion ts the Cox of
while the ochers display mote modern regalia
‘Ast is among their number and i perhaps the
She wears the Latest in Parisian
fhhiens, dark-purple dress wth ilac-colored rules, Her eyes
tae emerald green und sparkle with a youthful ebulience
texderingon madness. She isquiet initially andstaysclosetoher

Victor

hanter gaily, and their presence seems to

he unthering's gloom and provide the missing
the feat into party, Sie Hortense Holden
achesDunlopatone poing;the two speak tor
then Holden departs. Dunlop's eyes naross

eeaddor walks sway:

‘ome point, a chanscter notices Victoria staring ds
tectedly into a great wall. Her mout
though he's talking coher reflection ifthe character aks what
she bs doing,

the yuu heats who "pop hall. She describes them
iminute detail, ascnbing motives and personalities t each,
*You see that man bowing before the countess! He
Invest, but she i enhalled by that red-haired saute"

without her consent, confirms these

wats do weave in and out of the
court, oblivious to the Kindred feast that occupie
space. If the character is artuned ti
decision), he may notice that certain det.

le are amiss. [e's almost as if a modem theater

1 dressed the spirits. These "ghos

nts of Victoria's umayination,

ve dead

hanicter who wens Japheth's
ere is something present in the hall. Vic
nents on it, 100, "Of, course, | don't think the resident
spiries have noticed the ugly lietle bruce who lingers about
Count Dunlop doesn't know it, but the Giovani have
attached a wraith to him to spy on the Gungte
and on the proce
describes the sp

activitie
lings at the Camarilla feast, Victoria

A like
cecature with webbed feet, and its yellow, saucer-plate eye

are cracked with veins of ed, The
and the character and darts from the room. Victoria
re than willing ro help the chameter puryue th
ako muses, almost as an afterthought, that the
gaily dressed Brujah (Henri Marron) looks familias, bu
cannot place him. (Marron was the leader of the
attack on London's Toceadot but was kept out of

arran thought.)


I the character reports the wraith to Valerius, the
chamberlain becomes visibly disturbed and asks the elder
about his expertise (if any) in spirits, Valerius does not use
this information to eject the Dunlops iutmediately, bn
constrained rage darkerw bis brow.

The Crypt

the character and Victoria pursue the ghost they are
Jed throughout the mansion and notice that most ofits 10
douse. Larye white clochscoverfumicure like funeralshrouds:
Uf thy character follows Victoria, her ghostly fancies lead.
them on a merry chase from one end of the estate to the
vother. Ifthe characcer follows senses imparted by Japheth's
<loaks, the player may have to make several Perception +
Emyuthy rolls (difficulty 6) to track the fast-moving wraith,
ve ic wend its way through the dark mansion. Vietoria
tollows by using her own descriptions to embellish the
experience, (Ideally, allow the ovo hunters apprehensions
torfeed each other's parancks.) Victoria may abo rake this
‘opportunity co seduce the character, (She believes that het
exclaver's ghost hus given bis blessing for her to take other
lovers)

The ghost's tral loads the pairtache mansion'cgeay
stone catacombs, Three Inrge Frish wolthounds ind four
cof Valerius' men stand yuard before a thick iton door. A
guard informs the vampires that this portion of the
utldine is cfflimits: the «

rent the guards in many ways

I the eharscter manages to peer into the ¢typty he
ees un empty store room. Thaumaturgical runes cover
the walle and seem to describe some sort of opening
ritual cos character with Occult 3 of higher. If the
eharoeter entee the exypt physically, Valerius is alerted
to the yotrusion through a maagie ring that he wears (a
aft fromm Mithras). Valera and Is allies soon usive to
intercept the intruder. Archon Geoffrey Leigh also ap-
pears as if from nowhere.

Valerius is stern with a character who intrudes get
the crypt. The chamberlain is tn nw mood to he titled
with. He lets the incident pass if the character latins 10
have been trying to help hy tracking a spirit. Otherwise,

the character to watch his step. There is no
ny toad prints leading anto the crypt
Mithras' previous

den. Theaide wasa Cappadocian

continues to protect the crypt under Mithras' command
mden was known to possess
se an unknown intruder broke into the tomb

sane powers,

‘The Sun Has

Meanwhile

The party continues while charactersare ghost hunting
‘or disturbing Valens, Willtam ard Arthur join the mousi=
cians, and one of the Toreador produces a fiddle. The
musicians play 9 tune called "The Rabbit and dhe Fos
which iso hid songabout a lecherous priest and a ile
wife. Those Embraced during the 1400s may recognize tas
asong that swept Europe. It started in fealyand finally made
les way to the Scortish Highlands by the century's end,
William Duntop asserts pacriosically that st was tho other
wwayaround. Acleast four guestsdance in maddening circles.

Of all of the Dunlops, William seems to be the most
approachable. He ean hold hisown in conversation ranging
from hunting 10 music to philosophy. Hix older brother
‘Arthut, apparently reclusive, excuses himself from the fes-
tivities and slips from ehe room.

Ione of the characters follows Arthut ftom the
she trails him to the room where the herd recuperates,
‘Arthuirsneales inside and finds a vessel who i tll awake
‘The victim starts with fear asthe Gangre! looms over him,
and eackles nastily. Arthur pluniges his teeth into the
mortals neck. The vesse] manages a choking seream before
the intruder drains himn dry

Iino one follows Arthur, he kills five people in this
ttumnicr before one of the young Ventrue discovers him,
Arthur is clearly killing out of cruelty, not for need of
‘nourishment, Regurgtared blood covers the flooeand much
fis tunic, Ia character interrupts Arthur he turns with
contemptuous snarl and asks why she ins concerned —
"They ute only huruars" The Gangrel's eyes betray mali
‘ant spite

Arthur does nor attack; but the character might. The
‘ovo may bartle uninterrupted for thtee curns before guests
from the main hall urrive w stop the strugele. If che chara:
ter kills or injures Arthur badly, Count Dunlop bellows in
anger and swears to have the offender's head. "This is how
youtrest honored guests" he saysto Vaterius."Youshall pay
the price for this offense before the Conclave," the Gangrel
threatens os he and his remaining sons leave the bal,
carrying Arthur's body, The Dunlops later try to kall the
character who attacked Arthur in the coming mid on
Valerius' home (see The Attack).

Anhurcontinueshisgrisly work if character doesnot
start a fight and kills at least four more people before
returning tohisfather'sside- He was blood-stained when he
Jefe the hall, so10 one nottces tha anything is amiss. If the
character tells Valetius abour the incident, the chusnberlain
Jeaves the oom to see Arthur's camage for himself. He
stalks back tothe dining hall and murters angrily about the
"rules of comity." Valerius hae had enough no matter how
these events tmnspire. He assumesa majestic bearing, draws
his sword and bellows for silence. The torches burn about


him crazily, eransf

satute of ancient and

Th

Presence powersas well the room scemsto be full of

Valerius tums to Dunlop, "You hav
tanctity of this home and exhausted the

of the

Dunlop, wh

cower over Valerius, now licks

J and you are not he

ube site ana folluw Irtn out

leading us wo our
Conclave!" Dunlop's

door. I will speak my

hud fall ico place bet

A few of the Brujah and one of the Gangrel give Valerius

nasty stare ufter Dunlop leaves
Most of the other guests make their excuses and leave
sly thereafter. If the characters are Sabbr posing as
J Canaria, they may abso tke this opportunity to leave,

though daring ones may stay to spy
Storyteliee Note: Iris possible rhatthe feast breaks ine
} full-fledged battle. The Dunlops do everything they

il Valerius before retreati

The characters may join
alliances. Geoffrey Lei
is by Valerius, as do all of ch
a vampites present. The characters may well

tither side, depending on the
tho close at hand and
other Cam

decide the outcome of this battle. A battle is unlikely

Other Matters

he believes Dunlop intends
Telepathy who spent
tw the same conclusion, though th

that reading them is lik

who succeed in reading the Gangrel

{for Valerius

Marroni If one of ‘

chatacters decides to puny
din

it

Victoria's suspyctons about Marton, results vary ac
to the elder's appron
rmiemories of Marron

t believes she saw him short

acter accuses Marron outright durin
the party, the other Bruja are likely to back Marron (|
seeins well-liked). The Brujah elder, Reginald

re, rake

particular offente af wancune queations fib guess; Marron

denies all
the Brujah elder privately, he liscen
Marron' complicity

iowledge of the matter. Ifthe character go

Book One: London Ghost §


The character may nso try to lure Marron away from
the party to question or éapeure him, which i not clifficul,
especially ifthe character suggests areful mischief. Marton
scowls at the general state of things in London, Looking
scomnfilly atthe Ventrve table, ews the charaeter,* Hose
tmany poncey Ventruc are there an this eity, an

Dealing with Marron at the feast any end én any
srutmber of wo fem the Brujah gs
his capture und confession of his
attack. Marron's eapere may cause

Sabbit, though the Giovanni (and therefore, Streck) lean
of his arrest throughs theie wraith spies. OF comuse, Sabtaat
characters realize that Victoria has damaying information
ai sheneedstbe dealt with —,

nories to killing her

Alter the Feast

Characters who leave the feast with most of the guests
are now at loose ends and are free to pursiié any course of
ction. If they work with Valerius, he asks them tw stay in
the city to support hien, explaining that Dunlop sirprised
Fhim tonight. Valens hay nor seen the count in over 300
yyeary the Gangrel bas aged badly,

Dunlop hasnever blatantly worked against Crencilla inter
ents, but he fears th ntention now. Valeriis

ajor proble

Subbu and the Gtovanne and ¢0 also keep wateli over

Dunlop: Some charocrets may aspect aecnnection among
these three parties, They may also have decided that Dunlop's
graye is against Valerius in particular. Valerius may agree

rorelu avert, and Geotirey Leigh Volunteers
1 serve os bodyguard

Camden's Crypt

Hehe charactersask about the erypeheneath the hone,
Valerius tells them reluctantly thacit isthe grave of Mithi:
chamberlain, Lon! Camilen of Clin Cappadocia
fusexplains that Camden was aporent Necromancer,
wan architect an engineer. Mithtas never told hit
thecompletestory of Canuen'sdeath,onky thatthe Giovanni
were responsible.

Valais furthoe admits that someone broke fice us
‘ayptafew monthéago, bur Spit's Touch revealed only the
ttnage of o masked man who took rubbings. The chamber
{ain ulmoot capruited the man and hysince posted yuards 10
protect aigunst antroders. The character who stalked the

Victoria may wish tu describe hisene
at this point ihe his not done soatlready. Valerius has
pt the crypea secret at Mithras" command but shows itv
actors thoy expreesian urgent desire to see i

Vollerins unlocks tie fran door toa small room, Samal

pieces of cut crystal w the ceiling af the

The Sun Has Ser

them (moonlight is ditected into the subtersanean wast
through a series of iegentously placed mirrors), casting 9
sdim-hlne glow on the floor. A character who i competent
{es engineering (or whe is highly perceptive) notices d
hhaitline crack that traces 9 three-sneter-Lo

the erype floot. There is no apparent way co lift the deli
cated stone.

‘There iy no coffin in the crypt, but arcane symbots
cover the walls. Those knowledgeable in the oceule may
recognize these af Thaurnaturgical — the means to some
kind of epering ritual —and that some symbols are meant
<® wards. The characters may also use Spans Touch (dai
‘culty 9) to gee their own impeession ofthe intrude
Dunsim of Clan Giovanni (see sidebar). He was masked
when he raided the place,

"The opening ritual described by the tunes is Level
‘Three Thaumatungy and requites un extended Intelligence

(difficulty 2, 10 successes) ta decipher. The
ritual iselftakes three hoursto perform. Valernusterbidsthe
characters to translate the markings and perform the ritwal
bydeclavingthar Mithrasstrictly forbade such efforts. Inay
‘event thechuractersmay decide thar he eryprisa prize het
kept from the Giovanni

Joba Dunsirn and Camden's Crypt

Jolin Dainsim, an adepe occult scholar recognized
tht Lord Gamdenis secrets could be gained, even
though the Cappadociin wasdead. Therelore, he began
avacarch for the former chumbe iy pce
Mithns fad ler it be known that the cumberkain's
‘Gtoyannt assests renird my Rome with the boxy tn
an effort to allow Camiden 10 rest in peace. Darvin
neve better,

He searched for the besy frutlessly for over «
cerry before fie uncovered one af Camden's secret
‘havens in 1846, Dunsim discovered Thaumacurgical
runesandcastthespell that they reconled. A lange stone
chest rose from the crypt flor. Inside were lentes that
revealed the location of Cuden's tomb. Dunsicn's
\wralthsscon confirmed that there was need acryptin
‘one of Valerius' mansions: However, Dunsien's writs
couldn' penetrate dhe outer erype beemne of necro
mantic alegre

‘Bansita took macters nto hisoin hands and tole
‘onto the property. He broke the leek to the erypt nd
nade rubbings of the Thaumaturgical carvings on the
wall. John Dunsim didhn'thaverrimeto open the eryp's
sectetchamaber.and Valeriasilmost captured itn she
left: Punsi trangia the rubbings and learned that
‘opening the annex crypt involved 1 three-hour cet
‘emony: he thenyvasedthis information onto Amieogino
‘Giovanni — despairing himself of wn oppor
Perform such writual on his ow


Blood Houses
Revealed

the Sabb
ameters are Sabbse. they learn that #

f being exposed and must

<d Dunsien Brewierie
work detailing the con
lari

nee owned b
of the b

yan the deed!

nedthath
his humbe

gute

hiwrch tands in Now

se

and horrib
hi

work to silence the

‘ontribution to the

(if they

1 19 Seatland

rapidly, who asks th
the Masquerade and

nation. A group of Gic

at chutracters

plish these things ifthe

John Dunsien that Cat

Book One

London Ghost Story


feeding houses. Dxinsitn tells Streck, who agrees that the
‘Ventre may catch wind of this if they hive not done $0
already. A Giovanni mole in Scotland Yard reports that the
police are moving the witness. Streck tells the characters
about the security breach and! asks for heir help in abduct
ing Catherine. If they refuse to cake part, he sees five
ichouls to secure her from the authorities,
chatacters of with Ventrue proxies. The coachman lashes
the horses to nun faster. Catherine sits quietly and aftaid
within the iron eat, along with two policemen,

Chanicters who decide to mke a personal hand im
‘Catherine's rescuefabcluction can rettieve her in any num:
ber of ways: Aniimalism be used to stop the horses, and
Presence of Dominate can be used to incapacitate
yuan, Cbficate t effeccive at lnling or distorung the
operation,

The guards carry nightsticks, bueno other wespeins.
Sabhat ghouls accomplish their mission through an attack
that leaves one policeman dead and the other ewo badly
injured. Once the Sabbat have Catherine, theyescort et
‘one of theit other blaod houses. If he Sabbar suspect thar
the Ventrur have Catherine, they yend agents ta Dusien
Breweries to destroy records of the blond houses' constric-
‘ton, assumingthat the chanactersdon'tpossess those papers

Scotland Yard

Landen js one of the first cities in the woild to
institute a police force. Founded in. 1829 by Home
Secretary Robeit Peel, the"Peelers (later called Bobs
ies") carry truncheons rather than blades ar firearms.
The hlve-uniformed police weve tildally unpopular
‘but hove slowly earned the ctizens' rust. Their main
headquaitersisat4 Whitebol Place, which overlooks
Scotland Yard (where the king used to greet Scottah
nobility),

The Ventre have influence over the police force
through various agents and have passed astrict edict
syninstvampireshuntingpolicemen, Some otherclans
most notably the Brujah and the Toreador) also
control low-ranking officers in the force. The

Nottingham Dale

The ch
Nori
house,

itets must enter the wretched slums of
Dale if they decide to investigate the blood
rsh immigrants from the recent potato famine
A families displaced by the growing railroads aver
crowd the slum. The few opportunities for employment

here ore pig-keeping, brick-making and peskling. The
neighborhood iderisvely known as "piggeries and porter:
ies"; pigs outnumber the. 's human population by throe
toone. The acrid smell of opetvair slaughterhouses perme:
aces nnucl of te dimly lit region. Mast of the people on the
street after dark are drunks or belong to roving gangs. The
sreacurrently suffersacholemepidemic; hunger aul disease
hhave clatnes over w hind ofthe children here a the past
year.

The Giovanni blood house lange, ewostory weal
building with no windows. I's bile on lands once dedicated
fo the neatby parth church, but thse Lands have been
soapirad by Clan Giovanni ehtough the forced signature of
moral priest Marcus Gowan

To posible sce
went tothe characte ‘men patrolling the
exteriorof the building. Evadingor overcoming these guards
{s easy but the characters may abo detect the p
wraiths, One of these wraiths follows the characters unt
detected or summoned away by its master, Gallespt. The
sguands are ghouls of the lowest variety; lth ate wanted
murderers and each possesses one level af Rotence and

Fortitude, They know little of value, dough the characters
say force them ta reveal their iaater'sniame: Cillespi. The

ghouls don't know where to find him, nor do they know
anything about the upcoming Sabbat attack

Characters inside the building find the prisoners in a
lomyg em and wordt box chat bear any wugsisling resem
blance toi slaightethouse stall, The mind-numbingstench
of urine, feces and fear permeates the air. The prisoners
stagger ack in animal frighe ws the characters approach the
fox: Many of the huis ae two ae
dead. The survivors huddle together for warmth and in a
vain attempt at protection. Their Sabbot captors have sewn
their lips shut with copper wire; their begrimed faces look
like old Laur socks The Sabbat have cu aged kes in
the prisoner' cheeks through which they receive meaget
noutishment. Discarded rat skeletons lie strewn
‘testament to how the prisoners have supple
diet

‘The charactors may help, question or leave the prison
cers a their consciences dictate. ‘The humans are peitaarly
‘vagrants who report being kidnapped by chugs wath guns
smal clus. Some of them think they are desk! and in Fel
‘They have all heard their capcors killing individual prison.
ctv anyl drinking theie blood. Yer, none ofthe peasoners fas
actually seen their captors, except as shadows through the
salls! wooden gratings.

‘Camarillacharacters may act tocover up duis violation of
the Masquerade; they ein we their poo to make the

preenets forget these events, or they may simply Kall the
humans.

UfCatherine went eothe police firs, four Peelers guard
the building when the characters acrive. The Peelerslerthe:
characters rita the edifice. An eldorky doctor cuts wite

Sun Has Set


ib

fiom th

pursait

re

hhol provided by the Peelers tod

being le
ther vb
hate
d dilpic

Th
piles eo

-whohave
eink alco

xin Thedoctor

ec! wear bloody bandage

aden the

isa ghoul and claims ro have never seen anything like thi
Inhis Iie, The elders may questicn the prisoners ancl look
Charserers who arrive wearing Japheth's cloaks, ne

ircumstances, detect severtl spirits slip away

toward the Thame

owed (the wraiths travel shrough bul

und). The

he wraiths' near the river front in a district

acles that the character must travel ae
ated warehouse
ab

xd docks are fog enshronded. Wonden

.
we ever, The mournful sou
inthe distance, The boats here are
nit. Asthe characters ponde

nan creak with the

and river sr
him ikea briny garland, and his feet maken fain sue

ou walks. The man mumbles angrily ep himself an
ts initially oblivious to the charucters. He is very start
when he becomes aware of them

per is n wraith, albeit a rare one, who has resum
physical form to have his reve the liv

characters may be surprised

are not even requized to sex the spit

The dead man shows a certain deference ifthe chat

terse well-dressed, but there is jill a sey ir

characters with Auspex h
eyes the eklers suspic "
me, yer m7" Although Jasper has been dead on!
few nights. he is nware chat he-is 0 ghest and isn't
surprised if the eharncters reveal that they are vampin

al other hosts pus hy
8' arrival. If they ask in. w
aughs, "Why should Tell you? What

Book One: London Gh


‘He wants revenge ax payment. "My whore-wife and
that goddamned Nate drowned me for my money. They eat
white bread and vrink good beer while I sup on brine!"
Jasper wants the characters to kill his wife and her lover.

If the charactors agree. Jasper is adamant thae they
fulfill their ide of the bargain fist; "How do I know you
‘won't just walle jway and leave if tll you first?" Besides,
hip wile "lives only # short ways away." If the characters

saree 10 his verms, Jasper leads them toa ramshackle two-
‘nory house. Carefulserutiny reveals tha three other fuilies
share it, in separate apartments.

Jsper's wife and the loathed Nate areat home and may
be awake of asleep, depending on the hout. Jaspet eagerly
shows the way to the apartment. If his enemies are asleep,
‘he urges the characters to wake them "so chey know what's
coming." If the couple is awake, they ate frightened but try
to brazen it out The wife swear her innocence in all
things. Burly, bad-tempered Nate may artack the charac
ters. Jasper screams silently from the sidelines, egging the
characters on, "Kill them! Drown them in the river! Rip
their guts our and tear off their heads!"

Jnper cackles with lee if the characters kill the
adulterous murderers in at least one of his suggested man
‘ers. Jasper is disappointed ifthe chatacters kill the couple
quietly in cheit sleep, but he still keeps his part of the
barynin. In either event, a certain spark seems to go out in.
fhisw and he begins to fade Jasper seems geniinely surprised
by the phieniomenon and curses this lit stroke of bad luck.
He points toward the well-lit docks on the other side of the:
river as he disappears, saying, "The Isle of Dogs.'

Ifthe characters balk at doing Jasper's favor, he paints
ar them ack vgly and promises bloody vengeance. He
uns away, but then follows the chatacters discreetly if he
can. (He may even be recruited by the Giovanni if you
choose.)

Characters who have acquired some wraith lore muy
cealice that Jasper's need for vengeance was the only thing,
that kept him in the living world.

The Iste of Dogs

The Isle of Dogs is one of the city's bustest docks and
is bustling throughout the night, Cubitr Tour is the most
active area on Dog Island: itis a complex of brick fel

and wharves. [is aljo host to numerous cement
und iron works that spew grit and dust unto the ait, Char-
actets sho are local merchants may have fnsiness interests
here,

‘The charactets probably lost the wraiths ehat fled the
‘ood house, but dececting the presence of other ghosts on
the island isnot difficul. Many spirits seem to congregate
at a small graveyard 0 the: nneth. A dilapidated 17h
Century mansion overlooks the geaveyard on a small piece
of property; the house Looks sotely out of place among the
docks and sawmills

The Sun Has Set

"The manor isthe lar of Gillesp! Gowan, and he has
hidden here for almost two centuries. He hay crumbled and
become a shnlow of his former self. Ifthe ehurseters were
involved in events surrounding the Great Fite, Cillespr
bhlames them for his fall from grace. He ala» fears them,
Gillesp is home ulone when the characters arrive, save fr
hhiswraiths. The elders may approach in almost any mannan,
bbucthe ghosts wam of the charucrers arrival unless they are
well-hidden. The characters may subdue Gilles i dhey
caatch him by surprise.

Gillespl sends eight of his wraiths against the charac:
ters if they're spotted. Elders who wear Jupheth'scloukstmay
ccatch brief glimpses of the wraiths' skeletal shapes: The
characters alsa fee! coll nethor wind blow about thee a
the spirits strike. The wraiths probably can't stop the char:
acters, buc it's also unlikely that the charscters can damage
the wraiths (the wraiths attack as they did at the Passi
Brewery, and the characters may counter with Japheths
cloaks).

Gillespi uses Dominate and Poterice to escape in the
confusion. He is the approximate equal of one of the
characters and may wall overwhelm a single purr and
dlisappeac, His chances of gettin away dwindle ifmore than
‘one character pursues him.

Gillespi prefers death to capture. The characters are
Rendsbene an destroying; whats good inthe world ab faras
he's comcemed. Gillesps has sufered ercatly since the Great
Fire: enduring demotion and humiliation and being forced
to go underground, He hus grown extremely bitter.

‘Although the charyevers eyhisn. Gillespl, Auibeogino
and Augustus terrify him, He refuses to answer any ques-
tions, bur the charscters may be able to wring information
from him in any number of ways, Gillesp resists ubise snd
players must roll Manipulation + Textuge (dificuly exual
to Gillespi's current Willpower) to beat informanien out of
him. Characters may also se telepatly or mind contr
(Characters should ultimuely by able to get information if
they push Gillespi har enough,

A few months ago, Gillespi received a letter cen
‘Ambrogino that told him to id John Dunsien tn providing
logistical support for a Sabbar attack. Cillespi arranged ro
have five pens burlrin various locations throughout Loaon
and he filled them with vagrants to serve as blood reserves
forthe attackers. Gillesp isnot privy to information on the
Sabbat raid, He knows Dunlop by name only, and be has
tnet Sireck only tice. He distrusts the Sabbar and does not
recognize what Ambrogino's ultimate intentions ate, but
Gillesp suspects that Clan Venurue isthe primary target of
all ofthe schemes.

Gillespt also knows that Joha Dunsimn bas learned
something importantabout the burial place of Loud Cunden,
Mitheas' previous chamberlain. The Giovanni can reveal
thar the tom i located in Valerius manor. Gillesp i too


tired to bother to profit from this knowledge himself but
might wse it to buy his freedom, expecially form characrees
\whohave contended with Ambrogina for centuries, Sabbat
character i would be glad eoharve this inforina
tion; the seerets available in a Cappadoctan's bucal com
would surely be sought ater by the Ambrogino and would
further explain the ancient Giovanni's presence in London,

Pally, Gitkeypt has heard rumor that a sinus crea
te, the Capuchin, isin the service of Augustus Giovanni
Gillesp distruss the Capuchin, and believes it may be
responsible for the death of Claodius Giovanni.

‘Should the characters tal ti follow he wraiths from
theblood house, octefusetohelp Jasper, they may never find
Gilles. His information on the blood houses can still be

true from what the characters may have learned fron
Menrgomery Dunsits, of from Catherine Biker. Alterna
tively, you could have one of the hostages escape the
Nottingham Dale blood house and reveal the blood reset-
oi Confirmation ofthe connection between Dunlop, the
Subhat and the Giovanny becomes apparent enough when
they stage theie coondinated attack on the city.

The Attack

The Sabb make final preparations for theirarmick en
London shortlyafter Valerius' feast, but before the Camailla
Conclave. You may stage the raid any night following the
‘east but after the characters have had some time to pursue
amore leads and do more tivescigating.

The attack is described asa suggested series of events
(Characters actions thus far may alter some of what ix
dbrailed below, requiring that you skip events or improvise
dtematives. Regardless of what happens-at this point,
vents oceur rapidly, with little time for deliberation oF
inal

Sabbat War Party

Sahhor characters must make some hard decisions.
Elders who watch Streck for Lady Astorare probably aware
ofthe imminencattack, Lady Astor requests that they try to,
{exon with Srreck one lat time; she does not want hood:
hed hut condones the destruction of the rebels if the
‘huracters recommend it. Word among che cty'stebelhious
Sobbat has tc that Streck's warparty se amecting ae the Agar
‘Town blood house, which is amide the worst of the city's
shuns, Thestreetsare narrow and there isnodrainage in this
fut of London.

Reveley can be heat ever asthe charactits approach
the Sabbat meeting place. The poor avosd the a
toundingchebuiking because they recognize thatscn
‘al soccurring. Streck doesn't tear discovery ntti pou
theuttack ts about to begin, and the police won't enter this
pat of town.

‘The Sabbat war party isin full wing. Themain holding
pen is similar co that in Nottingham Dale and is eaked with
blood and feces. The pritonen' faces ace sutures shut
Sabbar characters who witness ths forthe first time may
find such treatment of mortals crude and "pedestrian,"
Streck and his coterie are killing prisoners and draining
‘them i preparation for the rd, The characters have no
doubt carved out thetr niche us the plans if they are parrot
the assault.

Steck troats the chanicters like honored equal: He
toxsts all of his companions in maybem, exhorting thein uo
acts of heroit in the Sabba's name, He is clearly using
Presence to whip up his followers, andthe characters may als
‘exercise their Disciplines to enhance the party's enjoyment
Steck recounts the crimes of the "Antedilyvian controlled
‘Cmarila,"ati hisagentsshout theif ace, The chanactere
sna join in this merriment or take their shate of rhe herd arc
thtow their own parry. The warehouse i huge, with plenty of
plac to spread ou

Streck and his associates have cut off all avenues of
escape. The Sabhat can chase victims through the darkened
building and play any games they like. The weakened
ppriconers are hardly a challenge, but their horror & at a
Fevered pitch; the characters anay rrnure this fone
pathology they wish

Streck doesn't partake of the camage and distances
‘hitself from the gumes. He yeeks to eruuze at least ane of
the characters ahout her general opinion of dhe Sabha

Marron isthe main instigator af the carnage,

the characters asnumes thar role. Marron steess victims
aout like th of the
absurd. Starved dehydrated and in terrible pai, the ison
ctsshamble about like ombies. Marron loosens the witeson,
Victims' mouths, but he leaves them dangliry to act as

ilessone

The play ivelf s an itspeompeu
one of the wit of Marron's eater work

mouths, 40 the husnans can "perform th
wrecked and bloodied gums. One man loses
Diets viciously yanks the wiresfree. The man enmtsagurgled)
scone at he ling Mere aradiee the jaw with an alepont
childlike intensity before throwing it in a reise pile
‘A young wimnan lies in the comer with a deal baby at
herbreast. Her eyesare dim and uncomprchending Minton
commands her to tand and dubs her Queen V
mount is ready, your majesty!" he shouts ns he has her ride
im, The "queen" smiles nervously, Holding her
baby to her chest with one hand, she balances peesatisly
andes the wires in her mount's mouth wo bnidhe
Marron abo gives prisoners a chance to strike back at
their "oppressor," who isa man who hs heen dubbed "the
doctor" The doctor was forced to sew up his fellow prison

Book One: London Ghost Story


while his m sined free. Marton. at Marcu
pers boards and encourages them to chase 1 ei p ie hapless priest against a slaugh
thn ¢ building and beat him to death, Sc . The mortal
aractens ming fr ctacle wnintorentitig burit "skull sh ray Of fine red mise, Sn
ts with general approval from the Braj anarc comtorts into a € of pain
Thedoltish Taylor brat claw. If one
ry. There same thin,

weds him

the man's witbt

anu! bone. Not even this noise being
he wretched Agar Town,

prisoner (who was stisporon
shows dizecthon fiost Magron. He hut
Streck and the characters all the whi
ike the

th d. The impnet
mixed with arygetand fear, eather thas
reriwith Auipex2seeablinding golden,

the hallmark of True' Faith
suses pain and exposes the ch

qulet the priest ie ineffective

building

iptsinco.abal

ather applicable bev
ye. IfMa
se di

the Sabbat's tortures

Marcus Giovanni
Th
chain-link te
breast, Thos

haracters may learn some
dead. Th

wearing Japheth

tartoo shimmers with a dack at
John Dunsirn wanted the mortal Mateus he
cteation of strony the Sabbar attack. Mar
refused and Dunsim decided that if he would nov serve
the clan in life, then he would de so in death, The t
Virtually guarantees that 9 mortal human comes hae

a wraith when he dies. Dunsirn threw Marcu
ment, but also to learn first-hand
bat torture methods. The Necromancer

planned wo question the traitor after his death

The Sun Has Set


Characters with Occult Lore 3 ochigher may recognize
the tattoo as 9 Giovanni creation, or asa wand of imprison
‘ment and may try to engender mistrust between Sereck and
theGrovarnt, Streck may interpret the tattoo as 9 sign that
the Giovanni are spying on him more than he cares for.

I' Marcus survives. the chamteters may be able to bend
the priest co their purposes, though this fae from easy. He
Isstrong-willed and intelligent — an exceptional
Morcusknows about vampires and is what the Tremere call
neutral." (He is itomune to Dominate.)

Marcus may prove ro be valunble ifthe characters save
billie —not because of whar he knows, but because of who
Fels Hemighe become the agent (though probably not the
Alls) of the characters, and he could spy on his Kinurest
brethren. Mateus can't he Dominated, Blood Bound or
Enbriced, but characters may trick him, perhaps "demon.
stating" their good ill by sparing blood-house victims.

The powibilities of such a development are left up to you
tnd the players.

Last-Minute Challenges

Satur chitacters who work with Lady Astor may
lanive at the blood house ut any titne during these proceed:
ings They may simply choose to attack, of they may try ta
talk to their rehelfious brothers, Streck is dedicated to the
attack, but there is a slim chunce that characters ear
fersunde him tostopvit. Streck agrees tohale the attack ifthe
‘haragters are able to turn one cif Strock's coten to their
sidethrough rhetoric — bat only tfone aft haractetscary
defeat Sereck is armed combat. The characters mut pick
theirchampion, and fighting should be tun riormally. Moat
Situ ducls ane to first blood. 1fStzeck lose, he keeps his
‘wed and cancels his portion ofthe attack, He cannot recall
Danlop othe Giovanni. though,

Joseph Gaiman

The Sabla want to not only destroy Valertus, but also
those ofhishowe. ifthe Sabhsat attack advances planned,
Speck and his minions assault their frst tanget, Valerius'
aly — Ventrue Joseph Gaiman. Streck goes after Gaiman,
{grin Dunlop an opportunity at Valerius, agreed. Streck
J taken advantage of Giovanni wraith resguarces and is
Fall informed of his cargees? wlacrcabancte Sole clh=
es can join in the mayhem, couple with Dunlop (see
‘Camella Defense) ar choose their own course (perhaps
‘en aid Carmen's tem),

Gaiman 4s in his private Oxford business office,
ales he has moved for security reasons. He has sent all
ifhis human workers home as he prepares to deal with,
ay corollary dam

tion Ven:rue and three hou
the Sabbar have the belly fora fight; any attack on his
"faven surprises him

weds, He doos not believe

‘Gaiman's office is it a high-traffic atea, but the build
wwabsorbssound like tomb. The fight may pour onto the

characters and of equal blood. He isparicularly powerful in
Dominate and Presence, und he attempes to use these
powers to tum the chunicters on each other and escape
during the confusion. Gaiman is also skilled with a sword
tind can roll with a punch. He is noc an easy targec and tries
to reach Valerius if he escapees. Gaiman has the Disciplines
Auspex2, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Fortiuxe 4nd Prose

Camarilla Defense

Camaritla charscters may instinute a wide array of
defensive meanuresin the nights leading upto the attack, ot
it may catch therm completely off-guard. They tay shiek
Valeriy, research the Giovanni or carry the attack (0) the
Sabbat at one of the blood houses. The characters may have
confused the Giowanni's weaiths if they have taken Byzan:
tine security measures. The characten' efforts may have
tallied the Primogen to Valerius' defense — or not, The
characters could have guessed at leant two of the attackers'
tntenvtet targets (Valerius and Camden's crypt) und vtand
(quand over them

If Aimbroignio has learned abou Vietoria Aah, be aay
end a wraith messenger to whisper in her ear sbwut a
fictional arcack on an Elysium eo further divide Caroe
forces, Valeri may be in his secret haven north
Hampstead, Lady Anne Bowesley has made her own
‘angements at Valertus' behest and hides with the wid of a
Nosferatu ally, (She i not one of che Sabbt'> primary
target and Likely survives no matter what happens.)

Characters who have kept warch aver Dunlop know
that he ceturned vo his lair after the feast and has not stirred
since— and, at least not wnt de night of te attack.

Dunlop and Valerius

Valerius miay clude the Giovanni's wraiths, but be
ceannot escape the eye of Count Dunlop, The Gangrel and
his childer cast aritun thar allows them to track thetrtorget
for afull week (hence, Dunlop sapparent inactivity aiter the
feast). Dunlon comes knocking wherever Valerius hides
‘Theformerand hischilder pad quietly from the fen in wold
formand take every precaution tostay hidden. Iachuraceet
manages tokeep up with Dunlop's pack, she sees them enter
theeity and warehouse —one of the blood houses
jpossble that Sabbat characters ink up with Dunlop
Anstead of Streck and may do so here. Dunlop allows them
{o"tagalong,"buc he wams them that Voleriusishisto kil)
Dunlop anil his coeerie goagethesnelves a the blood
house. The Gangrel are mostly business, in contrast (0 the
theatrics of Streck's Sabbat. The eapeured humans cower in
fear, unable cormove. The Gangrel family descends on them

peepee

London Ghost Story


and wrings their necks with careless efficiency, like farmers
killing chickens. The room fills with the sound of tearing
muscle, popping cartilage and pitiful choking screams. Count
Dunlop and che red-haired Richard kall their victims tv 3
casual manner, slowly enough to cause pain. William snaps
their necks swiftly and cleanly. Arthur isthe only one who
shows any emotion, chasing some of che victims around,
clocking like a demented sexe

‘One man, apparently s Local farmer, begs for mercy for
hhiswife and son. The man takes aswing ae Arthue who, still
eigeling, overpowers the human and ties him to  neatby
choirs The demented vampire assumes the solemn de-

priest and kisses the man onthe eyelids. He then

1s eyeballs from their sockets. A faint pop

sctends their extraction as the man wails in pain. Arthur

coils the orln geuly ia is hands, directing them toward

the man's family as Richard disparches the woman and

child, Arthur, then disinterested, drops the eyes. They

dangle horribly cn the man's cheeks as Arthur turnsaway in
search of other amusement.

Charocters who stalk Dunlop may attack here or con-
tinue to give chime. The Dunlop leave a few humans alive
and plan to return here after their mission, Ifthe characters
snveumpe ty stop Dunlop aftet he leaves the blood house, he
and his coterie attack without hesitation. If no one inter-
feres with the count' progress he continues on to Valerius'
esate

Ambrogino's Bidding
Duntop' atcack on Volesis ty altered ifthe chas-
acter have set up a defense af Camden's ctypt, in the
catacombs of Valeri! manjion. Ambrogino.ccmnands
Dualop tojoin the Giovanni in hieattack rather than

lec the Gangrel arsack on his own, (See The Giovanni
for more details.)

The main obstacle standing kerween Dunlop and
ia is Geoffrey Leigh (assuming that the characters are
rot guanding the chamberlain). Dunlop and the Archon ate
feverty matches inv most respects (brute strength versus
finesse), but Dunlop'scoterictipathe scales inthe Gangrel's
favor
Valerinsdispatches his ghouls to watch from windows:
they cary pistols and wooden stakes. Leigh and Valeriusdo
rot leave the house they detect Dunlop' snerival, but hey
wait for him inside. Dunlop's clan elambers over the high
walls anal enters the house, The Gangrel hope to steak in,
bat brave « hail of gunfire if they're detected. Dunlop and
his sons enter through several entsances ar once, murder

servants and drink their Blood. There is litte stratgy te
their attack: They kill everything in sight. The coterie
finally corners Valerius and Geoffrey Leigh in che main hal,
where the two Kindred must fight or die. The entice pack
attacks Leigh, while Dunlop goes after Valerius

Characte who get involved may join either side.
Sabbat characters who want taste of Valerius blood may
help Dunlop cut down the chamberlain and his defenders
destroying a dynasry that dates back almost 800 years,
Dunlop wants the glory of the kill, though, and roars
rmurderoualy at any character who kills Valerius. A charac
terwhostealshisright torevenge becomes Dunlop's prumary
target hefome the night ends (see Treachery, below),

Comarilla characters may arive justin time or prepare
«trap for Dunlop, Ifthe characters have planned too well
{removing Gaiman asa target, for example), Streck and his
team may join Dunlop in a frontal attack on Valerivs
‘compound, The house is the scene of truly Bloody melee
‘with numerous vampireson each se. A few chursctera may
even remember to keep) an eye on Camden's rypt.

Treachery

Ambrogino, using his influence ewer Dunlop, has sr
‘anged for the counc to be an instrument of revenge fo the
characters' past transgressions. He has given the Gangrel
londerstodestroy the character, alongwith Valerius, Dunlop
works alonygide Subbat characters as long as they have 9
common Camarilla foe. Once the fighting is over, Dunlop
tums on them.

Despite the count's strength, it is unlikely that he
engages the whole groups he triecta pick off characters one
by one. Ambvoyino singles out Rose Chandi if she has
stayed wit the group since the Great Fre. Other potenti
targets are Victoria Ash (ifshe has aided the grou) 0 any
of the character' childer or beloved retainees. Dunlop's
attack should surprise Sabbat characters, who probably
have little reason to expect duplicity from him,

{nv the case of an artack on Rose, Dunlop grabs the
Coitif: He vears her bead off with hia massive strengel and
hurls her body atthe character feet: "Gommpliments from
"Ambroginot" he snarls ashe anid his coterie move in for the
bill

AF Subba chnemceccs Ihave sun femal of Camden's
crypt before this point, Dunlop can expose Ambrogine's
purpose in attacking the mansion, "Once I'm through with
you, thar accursed Giovani ean exhume his <imned
‘Cappadocian and my debt will he pau." Characters can ply
Dunlop for further information about Ambrogino's inten:
tions while they fight: The Gangrel és happy to share —his
{goal fosimple revenge. The full extent of Ambrogino's plan
might oven be revealed sf the chauacters can defer and
‘question Dunlop, of read his mind. (See The Giovanas, for
details on Arubrogino's raid of Camden's rypr.)


The Giovanni

Ambrogino and Lucretia have anly one goal during the
Sabbat attack: 1 open Camden's tomb and retrieve its
contents. The Giovanni meet at @ tavern near Valerius'
‘manor, and Ambrogino sends his wraiths to investigate the
rmansion's defenses, If he spies the characters lying in wait,
he sends his wraiths co summon Dunlop (and posably
Gillesp) to hus se.

Arbrogine sends: Dunlop) to precede hie into the
house with instructionstokill any guardians. If Dunlop does
‘hot appear (the charactors have distracted killed hi),
Armbrogino sends his wraiths t0 attack and distract any
souands

Ultimately, no marrer who comes to his ald or who
defends the erype — or even how riny vampires srand in
‘waiting — Ambrogino stages his raid. He is determined to
eam Camden's secrets about the Seogon Fragment.

Ambrogind Dominates Valerius human guards rather
than Kall chem, to cover his presence at the toub. The
characters may pounce on him immediately o let him play
hishand.

Amabroving pours a strong acid on thie erypes lock
Once he ts within the tomb, his companions stand guard
while he lights seall fire andl begins to chane, passing his
fingers lightly over the crypts runes. Ambrogino casts the
sstual that John Dunsim leamed to reveal Camden's re
mains, This tual takes three hours to perform. If us
allowed co proceed to completion, there is momentary
scllness and the sound of scraping stone as four handholds
‘merge in the trap door in the floor. The Giovanni li the
stone, revealing Camden's resting place (see Exploring the
Crypt, below.

Ambrogino is prepared if the characters attack. He
dispatches Dunlop and Lucretia. If they cannat stop the
characters. he joins che fight. Ambroygino uses Dominitte,
Potence and Thaumaturgy to devastating effect. His Prete
Shanyata fill che halls of the catacombs, all the awhile
distracting and possibly overwhelming the crypr's defend

The odds are in favor of Ambeogino, Lucretia and
Dunlop if they are together. However, Valerius, Geoffrey
Laigh 2+ aoe Strack might ia in wait with
Ambrogini and Lucretia retreat farther into the catacombs
ifthe battle goes against them. Durilop covers their retreat
at Ambrogino's command,

H Dunlop falls oF thingé look nd for the Giovanni,
Lucretia defends her sire as he iotones a potent rite in
scaknomn tongue. A black rolling doorway opensin mid-a
the surrounding catacomb ripples asf viewed under water.
Avcold, auh-laden wind blows through the portal. The
charactets then aee a dark and stormy landscape beyond,
oth jagged stone cliffs illuminated hy intermittent blue

explosions. The aky is a sickly green with hosted black
clouals. Ambrogino and Lucretia leap through the portal,
which closes instantly after their pasrage

The portal leads to the Shikdowlands, a realm of the
Underworld. Characters might not recagnize the place, but
the sense of dread and fear that it creates is undeniable. It
drives all vampites bock; not even frenzying Kindred can
hope to follow the Giovanni. Unfortunately for Dyno (if
he is present), he, too, staggers away from the portal und is
atthe mercy of the characters

Hf Ambeogino js undiscurbedl in Camden's crype, he
descends into the chambor where the former chamberlain's
hoay lies. The Giovann's plot ts foiled by the ultimare of
ironies, though: The dead vanpire's secrets ate protected by
spells and devices of Cappadocian design — the keys to
unlocking them died out with Clan Cappadocian, the very
vampites that the Giowants obliterated

Storytelling the Shadowlands

You could let characters follow the Giovanni
through theie pore, hough it wan exeenondinarly
dangerous undertaking. The Giovanni know where
they have goue ind have every advanuige in the
‘Shadowlands; they disappear immediately and
the characters in the lands of the dead.
Youscouldtell a story ser in the Shadowlands a»
characters search for a way to retum tothe land af the
living. Vampires are very useful to the lord of the
Underworld, and the powers thar be might even
make deals with the characters — passage home n
retuen for favors on the other side. Indeed, a long:
Seod and powerful pint might fewer ielf to the
‘characters and thus forge a bond rhat could last for
‘centuries,

Exploring the
Crypt

If the characters are the victors in the battle, they
peobably have full opportunity to explore Caniden's erp

(Durga Syn, che Raynos prophet from The Last Supper,
also arrives and may give Camarilla characters access tothe
tomb if Valerius otherwise denies it.) Even ifthe characters
fare Snbbar and che attack fats overall, there t a. strong
chance that the erype's ole m events goes unnoticed with
‘out the characters! emphasis on it, and they gain the
‘opportunity to explore the tomb,


ter the crypt, bu
pel


ot Kindred Lore 4+ would likely know this). The char- feappeas then, that che characters must return tthe crype
Acters' travels to Egypt and ongoing search for the Sargon 0 the dite specified in the letter — 34 yeurs from now — as
Fragmenc are detailed in Book Two of The Sun Has Set. Camdeninsructs. When the mapdoes appear, the very airin the
cerype glows Hue as starlight is reflected downy ante the toms
through aseriesofintricatemiroesbuiltineo Valera manor (at
even the chamberlain knows of thelr existence), The stones set
into the ceiling of the crypt cast light shapes onto Cantens
srcophugws — revealing Lams lai.
Storyteller Note: Mithrasnever teees to nuke we ofthe
known reasons Pethaps be del out of
Giovanni also follow Vin Ossis, even they lack the respect farhis former chamberlain, or hecmuse of» fundamental
highest truths that the Cappadocians possessed, anidthis — dbinterst in necromancy. In any event, the hidden chamnker of
thyme is one of those truths the tomb har gone untouched since

‘Though the characters might hope ta stud the map
discussed in the letter, they must apparently know the
third rhyme of the Via Ossis— one of the vampiric paths
—ino conjure the image up. The rhyme died with
the Ci ns, though; n bitter irony thar denses

even ino from viewing the map. Although the omb'seonnents, fe

My beloved Constancia.
Af you are reading this. chen perhaps Gd can stil hear che prayers of our kind: Though T om long dead,

you may yet live. I learned of your pert in Eauype and sen Leolis co ald you agabnse Asgustus brood. but
there are ever 30 sanyy more of them than us Chese nights. tHe tof me chat he last your path and feared the
worse, yee T seill Mare cling to hope. Tam not strong on the ways of prophecy, but T sense my time (s short.
40 I wrice ths Lecter

Our clan's fire burns dim since the Neath of Father Cappadocius, The cursed Glovannt pursue us witchoue
Prt ahr repel rrr lahat "Ae Capatocos: hat rfc on Secs
Long. yet we know its couch but once. "Now chat Tsense tts silent approach, find che choughe beth nvigoratig
and restful. ‘Whatever my fue. the upstart Giovanni must pay che price for ateacking their betters. Though
they swallow' us whole, we witl stick log an har On their throats.

Icis to this end that Inow address myself' As you sought the wisdom of Lazarus in occule comes. Ivtubied
the man himself: "Was he really Japheth. a3 you have 20 often asked? I fear I will never know. Since our
Father's folly benewth dread "Kayrabli. Lazarus has become Infttores — heretic — ard some accuse him of"
stealing Sargon s lore. He isa Nffieule man to find. if indeed ke sel exists tle ¥0 receive atleast one Visitor
hefore his Nsuppearance — che il-fced Calas. "What passed becween chem in that Valley of serpents
sunkeown.

You were right. The secrets we serk must lie boneath che Desert sands, My studies of poor Cates have
rendered some fruit i» your absence. tte was a careful man ant had visited Lazarus' lair before. T have
recovered a map of tts lower strata and it (3 this that T now bequeath to you. Replace the sarcophagus aos
cover up my of bones: éncant the third rhyme of che ‘Via Ossis and che map wil stand revealed ky the Ughe
of the sears. "Use ic and avenge me loved one, if suck és your bese.

If you found what you soughe in Faype. chen you will no doubt make gaod use of this. Lard Michras swore
chat none but you would Visic my remans. uc forever (su long time. Tf another of our kind reas Chis, know
{you chat the Giovanni are a bight upon chis worl and chey gnaw at our souls. The map will reappear every
‘42nd year hereafter. the night of our Lor®, February I7, ISO4. by the Gregorian calendar. If you have the
Wil and che knowledge ta ee thts Infarmatinn (nak tn mur Btneummon the Porta. far ath ase ells lacear
sand chey will 80 you no harm

Beloved, I must go now co make final preparations. "When they come for me, they will fd me ready. T
will not ask for Lord Michras' procection, taened prive bc at least he will furnish me some small measure
of revenge. That jackal Amber will no Soult be the mext chamberlain: Ged save che prince. We have fought
Long aid hard, you und I. Tf you continue far a while in the world — which is my mast fervent wish — chen
my soul flies before you, protecting you from harm. When at last you Ye. le your sou fly to mine n whatever
Pleasane darkess aviaits ux.

Your loving.
Thomas ‘Becket Camden


ets,

Za *

—

The Arrival of
Durga Syn

atrack, Dh


the heart of Rome that could be the stitrings ofan Antedi-
luvian, anal she has come to read the characters' fortunes, iF
they allow it,""Thinisadangerous time for you,"she intones,
"The wheel of fate is spinning, and you are bound ta it. You
should know your destiny, How say you

Hthe chameters refuse co be read, Durga Syn does not
benate them bur caurions, "! must leave again in three
pighus. yon chauge your hear, ask for me aldudai shall
find you."

The Vision

dye characters subynt to the reading. Durga Syn does
‘nor we the Blood as she did in 1444. She produces a
Jong, briliane red feather with a yellow and onnnge ti

tit and chants, waving the feather back and forth slowly,
and she appears to go into a trance.

‘The characters' surroundings distort and collapse, chen
fade to black, The air crackles as if with ponsibility cn the
‘verge of form. Suddenly, adim vista appears. The characters:
seeady wasteland. A viper leavesstrange undulating tracks
it wend is way over the sinds. The characters see
themselves in the desert, drinking from a river of living
blood that flows from the body of what appears ta. he
‘Claudius Giovanni.

The vision ripples abruptly, like astone thrown into a
pond. The characters then see themselves in another place
andume. Blacknes gives way to geometric canyons of light,
though this image is darker and more remote than the ast.
Thecharactets are surrounded by great buildings of steel and
gas in a metropolis that far exceeds the grandeur af
London. Strange carriages and garishly dressed hurnuns pass
by. unseeing. The characters can perceive cobweb patterns
‘ddestruction etched into every surface. They taste vampiric
Mood on their lips, but iti» chin anu anemic. The veil
erween the quick and the dead is sim, and the yroup sees
legions ofthe dead massing behind the fail hurries.

reat waves of darkness suddenly thunder down. Time
and distance seem to crumble and distort as the
changes, & rive ofhracktsh blood flows forth from the veins
of a monstrous Augustus Giovanni and floods the city
streets, The river roils and breathes like tharin the previous
vision, fue the blood is older and more potent. Its reek
rervhelms the charnesets by moking their ade rel. The
Anrelluvian's eyes flood the world with a bloox-ted light.
‘The river washes ourward and tears down the frail harriers
tetwecn this realm and the nest.

‘The world is conquered by the dead: Neither Kindred
surkine can survive. A malefc thunder peels throughout
Creation. As the characters drown in darkness, they taste
the Antediluvian's blood —a taste cutis stll there when
they avabin (ive ihe Wane.

As the vision fades, che light dims in Durga Syn's eyes
And she seems drained. The characters are shiiken, hut als
strangely invigorated. They may be willing to entertain
several thoughts at this point. The first may be that this {s just
an extremely good piece of Ravnos fakery. Yet every sense
tells them i wasreal (or wan asreal asa prophetic vision
be). The Antediluvian blood on their lips may put such
suspicions to rest. They have had only the sightese tart, but
‘even that hints ata power und darkness that they have never
dreamed of

Af Vitlerius is alive and present, he waits until Durga Syn
bhaefinidhed thecharaceers!seading and apeaks,Litle Mobs,
would you do a teading for me! We are a kingdom without 9
crown,"

The characters cea look of ieritation cross her fa
osay. Lama not hece (or you." DutgaSyn agrees to there:
on one condition: Valerius must let the chanicters open
‘Camden's tomb (assuming the charactors have not already
done 1). Valerius' first instinct is to refuse, but he may owe
the characters his tife after the night's evenes, so he consents:
Altematively, Valerius' desire co know the furure of his
princedom may prompt him to nequiesce, despite Mithras'
injunction ayninst disturbing the erype

Ifthe chamberlain agrees, Durga Syn stares blankly into
the disunce and then decrees, "Your prince will return, but
‘not for long: I ee-a great atng in the forest bese by wolves
Theytearhim down and the lowesreur supson his blood. | am
sorry, there 1s no help for it

On thisnote, she says she needs to rest —dawn b also fast
approaching. Durga Syn iv nowhere to be found the next
night. ifthe characters allowed thetr fortunes to be

Aftermath

‘The charmeteis' adventures in London may era i any
number of ways. The Camarillyroay stand trump

House Valerius could lic in smoldering ruins. In any event,
the Camarilla reacts, if belatedly, to restore full command of
the city. I'the Sabbat did significant Januage, Lady Ast
worst predictions come troe: Known Sabbar are hunted down
and destroyed, and the Camarilla remains vigilant for future
uprisings for some time to comme.

TtValeriusisdead, the line ofsuccession scleur Lady Annie
Bowesley is declared chamberlain atthe Conclave, thong i
a baptism of fire as all of the other clans seek to clain some
power: Lord and Lady Amober (Ventrue from Blood & Fire)
arrive rpidly in London w keep the pence and tos back Lady
Anne's claim, thus reinvigorating their own fading power.

IE Valerius lives, his power declines over the next few
decades as his childe's comes to the fore. Valerius steps down
and Lady Anne becomes chamberlain in 1879,

The Sabbat have toflee London quickly, even ifthey wit
@ stunning victory by devastating House Valerius. The
Camurilla rallies wihia two nights (though thot may still

Book One: London Ghost Story


Jeave Sabtat cuuracters time to open the crypt). The ehar
actors must sneak hack into the city if they are to sec
Camden's map in 34 year
Nomatter whathpyens, Lady Astucislikely to weather
Streck's influence wanes, even if the rebellion
Je crackdown follows the 1848

intended « continent

Gillespi ly receives his dearest wish
Rome "where it's safe." John Dunsim goes back to hishaven
pds and drops out of sight for 9 time. Ifthe

ave Canherine Bakerat the endot thestory
Dainsin brings her "to meet his human family," The canni-
ts Duntopa useful pawn and strive
it posite Du th
haractersheescapesthe country and aay even reappear in

nary lead to the Sargon Fragment has

Egypt as wito's ay
akes him hate the characters now more than ever
ino is not without other leads, though. His agents

port that Marianna has fled to Egypt, and he contin
west for apothiosis there. Ironically, that is where

the characters" search teas thean as well

Characters

(London)

The Camarilla

The Sun Has Set

Valerius (Regent of London)
Background: Vs imbraced by the power
Ventive patriarch Binwlusiam (an anciene Vertue scholat)
alter the mortal sustained a fatal injury ar the Bartle of
Hastings, Valerius iter pledged hisswon! to Prince Mithea

prs
lin following the mysterious death of his predecessor, the:
‘Cappeilocian Lond Cumden (sce Clanbwookt Cappadocia)
Valerius was granted one of Mithras bs
4111666, osterwibly as reparation
shortly before the Crear ice
After Mithras' disappearance in 1798, Valerius became
Prince of Londan in fact, if not in tithe. Imperial England hay
underione a meteoric rise during Valerie' reign, thongh
through his doing: Clan Ventrue's control of
Primogen has dwindled daring Valerius' rem
Sire: Bindusira
Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Traditionalise
Generation: 7th
Embrace: A.D.
Apparent Ag
Haven: West London Estate

064 (Battle of Hi

Physical: Suength 4, Dexterity 4, Seatnina 5

Social: Charis

Mental: Peseepiion 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talentat Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Bexw! 4, Dexge 4,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge §

Skills: Anuonal
(Rapier) 5, Ride 4

Knowledges: Buteaucracy 5, Finance Stn
Law 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Politics 6

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2.
tude 5, Obfuseate 1, Potence 3, Presence $

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts, Hend 4, Influence 5,
Mentor (Mithmas) 6, Resources 5,

Manipulation 6. Appearance ¥

3, Eriquette 5, Firearms 4, Melee
alth 2, Survival 4

minate 4, Fort

Virtues: Con
Hu
Witlpewnes 0
Merits: Judicial Ties, Political Ties
Image: A wiry, athletic
mngted hair anda neatly cropped beat
tailored, 16th-centuryelothing. Althoughhe
a certain grayness has erept into his de
shouldered the burdens of empire. For all V
there seems (9 belittle joy left in his wife, His 600 years of

ontrol 4, Courage 4

Roleplaying Hints: Atlasseems to have set his burden
squarely on your shoulders, You remember Mirki
1 foxy nih ot the nar of che


summoned you te his havert and told you he was leaving and
that he needed to attend to "personal" marters. The paper
‘work vasall mn orderand Mithras assured you ofthe family's
loyalty, and then he departed. He had left the Bitish Iles
before, of course, but never for so long. You do not now
‘what disturbs you more: Thar the islands are without his
rouection for the first time in centuries, of that there are

Although the kingsom prospers lke never before, you
Anpect that it & vulnerable to attack from any direction,
You uphold the prince's banner out of loyalty and plan to
return (fro hime in persons sehen he returns.

You are the quintessential Ventrue: pulished or the
sarface, but quick toanger if your pretogacive is questioned
You are an architect by nature, and you use your great
fneence co deaiuy thine who woud threaten the nation
‘ou helped build, Your humor is exhausted by the recent
Sohne upeisings:an ancient rage builds within youand mars
‘your polished countenance. You have lost your near-leg-
‘endary coal more than once over the past few decades asthe
Beast rises within you, Yet, you are sentimental about the
dannedest of thingsand, ironically, youare nostalgic forthe
Joung island nation you once knew.

‘You concentmate your efforts of kite on the upcoming
‘Conclave, but you sense doom and futliey in the proceed
ings Your agents tell you that a Subbat attack is imminent.
The Toreador Justicar hs sent her Archon to provide
ixidinonal ecurty, which does help. Some ofthe Primogen

smoke their support clear, while others are-evasive.

Sul, you did not nse to your current position by
shrinking from adversity. You are Valerius — tight hand of
Prince Mithtas. You are the builder of kurgdoms, the Lion

fEnylund and a hundred other such (you belatedly realize)
Lbborious titles. Ifyou die, itis with a dignity thac befits your
‘nlfe,and i is nor alone

Equipment: Rapier, fineclithing, chornuighbred ring
hors, pistol

Geofirey Leigh (Camarilla Archon)

Background: Born in the Uth-century Byzantine
Frpire, Genfirey Leigh (then named Justinian) wasa fran.
tia noble and warrior who fought the Seljuk Turks. In one
‘nocturnal battle, Leigh's garrison was killed, save for him:
‘eH. Resigned this imminent death, he fought on viciously
tae killed a score of Turks, His proweas attracted the
attention ofthe Turkish lender, powerful vampire ware.
TheCainit singled Justinian outand letthe more lish out
se him. When the Gangrel decided hat Justinian say
worthy, he Embraced the human and left him to fend for
hirwelf.

Justinian survived and changed his name when the
Byzantine Empire fell. He wandered Europe and Ai
where he eventually met Violetta and assumed his current
festa as Archon.

Clan: Ganigrel

Sires Unknown

Nature/Demeanor: Rebel

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 1042

Apparent Axe: 27

Haven: Country Manor

Physicals Stcenuth 6, Dexcerity 7, Stamina 6

Socials Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mentali Perception 5, lncelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertnes 5, Athletics 5, Bea! 6, Dige 4,

pathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 4. Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Eriquette 2, Firearms 5, Melee
(Sword) 6, Muwic 3,Repait 4, Sailor 5, Secutity 4, Steal.
Survival 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance, lnvestigution,
Law 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 3, Tracking 6

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Celerity 4, For:

tide 7, Obfincate 2, Potence 4, Presence 2, Protean

Backgroundst Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 4, Re
timers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self:Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Meritat leon Will, Code of Honor, Berserker, Acute
Senses

Image: Leigh i un extrewely Large an imposing isan
{nv his mid-20s, with a bristling mustache andl Jor, wavy

Ts is swarthy én eo of Londons

I. He usually wears well-nade, but weathered, tray.

cling clothes; he looks slightly uncomfortable in noble
finery.

Geotfrey has w hawkish expeession and ie shows the
signs of his feral blood, Fine black haie sprouts fromthe tips
of his pointed ears and his good-humored grin reveals
Lupine fanga, He goes shirtless in the wilds black wiry hair
covers most of his musculnr frame. He walks with an impe:
Fiows stride, Despite Leigh's fenrsome demeanor, he is a

J, person. He hes a booming laugh
1and appears to enjay his unlfe ro the fullest

Koleplaying Hints: You realize that youdonot powess
the subtlety (ordesite) necessary to playa major role in the
Jyhad. You take your responsibilives as Archon seriously,
though. Soldiering isthe noblest profession, and you follow
st code of chivalry stringently, though most Kindred con
sider the notion pasé. The two great laves in your life are
Violeta and the wild. However, given Violetts's dark
moods of late, you are better off with the anim

Equipment: Sword, leather jerkin (one point of ar-
mor), travel year


Count Dunlop

Background: The penon who became Count Dunlop
highwayman who stole his naane aexl tithe fuun the
fe murdered the lastof the Dunlopmen
pe their wives charrel. All but a few of
lence of the new "lord's" early

Dunlop €
¢ house

died in the casual v

The impontor mised four children — three sons, Rich:
ved, Williary and Archut, and a daughter, Mary Elisabe
hough the counc killed che wife who bore his daughter,
sething minke hur spare dhe girl: She grew up as on
ntamithed blossom mn a house of burchery. He bought
every refinement to ensconce her in luxury and blessed
Dunlop's greed for territory was his downfall: He tough
Wars ayannst neighbors. forced entire villages into bondage,
and rewions finally erupted into w border war. His
vom fought by him while his daughter remained obli

t emies forced him coretreat slowly, and he evens

ordered hy
fal

The coune's
abruptly one night
a hoarftost chill

ro destroy his villages rather than see them

some hold over the region ended
Dunlop surveyed a burning village,
ierced him. His sons lay unconscious
nearby as an old witch cackled at hitn from the darkness
arveled at the destruction he Ind caused and
rave hitn a simple choice: instaty death, or enemal Iie and
When he awoke, the witch woman was gone, but her
blood sll froze his veins. Dunlop fell back this Keep and
dine Thefamily's
> helped them hold onto their fiefdora,

though Mary Elisabeth was exposed to the bloodshed.

The was

Dunlop recognized the advantages of immoeraliey. He
‘exacted ghastly revenge on yome enemies, and he simply
‘outlived others. He let Mary Elizabeth yeow to womanhood
ind breed human heirs and murdered the unworthy fathess
after the children were bom. When Dunlop Enabraced bis
daughter, iewasasa yeryiineactoflove, agit of imencrtality.
‘The old hugs blood still festered ar. bin, though, and
‘osvupted everyabig he touched.

Dunlop soon leamed the limits of vampiric power
when he attacked Ventrue holiings. Mirlras appeared
alone in Dunlop's private chambers and demanded that the
attacks cease. The count Inired himsel at the Methypielah,
who tumed the attack with contempeoous ease, crushing
the Gangrel's bones. Mary Elizabeth witnessed the fight and
hurled herself at her father's assailant. Mithras deespitated
the childe with his sword and, turning lus attention to
impudent father, warned that wuch a fate would bef the
Gangrel ithe did nor mend huis ways

Dunlop capitulated to Mi vanes
a thom iin the side ofthe London Venere, He builea shrine
to his daughter. consecracing it with his hacred for Mitbras
and, in turn, Valerius.

Acer is fir century, Dunlop realized that he was sll
Bloor was polluted and corrupe. Dunlop

and passed iton to
searching for a cure were fruitless, Ie was
John Dunsitn of Clan Giovani: that Dunlop realised a

aging. The old ha
inherited that curse sons. Years of

‘eed for his malady was
fori.

Clan: Gangrel
Nature/Demeanoe: BriveyRohel

nd. All he had todo was pay

ace: ALD 963
Apparent Age: Between 45 and 100
Physicals Steength 6, Dexterity 5, Stammna 6
Social: Charisina 3, Mur
Mental ence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alermmess 4, Athletic 5, Beawl 5, Dodge 4,

Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwive 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Eriguette

Heabalisin 4, Melee (Ax) 5, Ride 3,

urvival 5
Knowledges: Finance 1, Inve

guistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politic 2
Diseipliness Animalism 3, Aurpex 2, Celeity

tude 5, Obfustate 2, Necromancy I, Potence 3,

thaumatugy 1
Backgrounds: Allies, Contncts 2, Heed 2, Influence

Resources 3, Retainers 4
Viewurs: Conscience 1, Self:Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 1
Willpower: 9

The Sun Hay Set


Merit/Flawas Huge/Premature Aging, Hunted
(Werewolves)

Image: A strong, lean wolf of man, Cunt Dunlop
thas a brutal face, with a craggy broken nose. His longed
and white beard do not soften these features, but only
make them more hoary. His gigantic starure towers over
almost everyone, Kindred or kine. Dunlop wears the
dhite. Although he exercises a control over nature, other
Gangtel recognize that animals avoid Dunlop even more
than they do other varopires

Duniop's expression t» haggard and his face ts
shrunken with age, His skin ts ike parchment worn tight
cover bone and sinew, though he can imitate the bright
flush of life by.expending his blood. His brow és asunken
thicket of black; his eyes glistening emeralds suspended
in orbs of ghastly yellow.

Dunlop is a diablerist, but he hides this with al-
chemical blood potions. (Auspex does not reveal him ax
adiablenst.)

Roleplaying Himes: Everything falls npart. Life and
ualife are both nightmates of decay, You realise this with
horror because years pass for you almost as they do for
mortals, You wete young when you became a vampire,
but you have hecome very old after 900 years. You will
be dust within a century.

You sought cures and potions for your éurse. Noth
ing worked; you broke moire than a few charlatans over
your knee. Vampire blood slowed down the process,
you nceded more tw stave uff the rat, Then you discov-
ted the Necromancer,

‘They say they can arrest your decay and have shown
you proot of their powers. You have stopped aging for a
full decade now, and perhaps grown a little younger!

Now the Giovanni keep youon a leash and tease you
with w year here of there for your services. They have
‘aught you just enough of their craft thar you may see
their ghostly servitors — at leasr the ones thar they will
lecyou see —and they promise to teach you more. And
ifthe Giovanni ask you to kill for them? Well, you've
never been above mayhem and carnage.

The Necromancersinstnict you to support Sabbat
sid undar the prerente of the Conclave Streck must
have crawled out from under a log, but you will work
with him uneil the Giavanni say otherwise. Yes, you wil
ope this ice war for them — you get to hutt Mithras
by killing his lapdog. The Methuselah may be out of
reach, bat destroying Valerius will even the score for
your daughter

Equipment: Furs; tattered, blood-red tartan; large
two headed ox: pouch of herbs

Dunlop's Pack

Dunlop trusts no one but his childer — Richard,
William and Arthur — ro protect him, The Gangrel
watch over theirfathet like well-tramed guard dogs, Dunlop
‘wears faded finery, but he insists that his sons and retain
ets wear only the newest clothes. Morbid Kindred may
find thar Dunlop and his retinue look like funeral march,

Richard, William and Arthur
Duntop

Background: The brothers were cach born ofa ditfer
enc mother in a house of murder and casual cruelty, and
they soon proved themselves to be true Dunlops. Richard
murdered his first servant at age five, and William devel

ped atalent for knives. Arthur seemed more interested in
rreand music than mayhem and thus prompted his father
todrown his mother on mupicions of infidelity, He need
not have worried: when Arthur was 12, he led his family
into secret cave where they found seven missing servants
and peasants carved into an claborate work of rotting
flesh-sculpture. The lads helped thetr father maintain the
family territory by procuring victims and suppressing dis-
sent ay they grew to murthood

When Count Dunlop Embraced his children to repe
the family's enemies, the three brothers fought at his side
‘The count maintained control of the house for the nexe 50
years through force. but each son tested his power event
ally. Thecountattacked them, staked them and entombed
each in turn behind a stone wall, The three sons remained
trapped for two centuries while their father grew in power,
When Dunlop awoke them at last. he was able to Domi:
nate thet fully

Thesons have discovered that they share theit father's
malady, but have not aged as quickly because of theis tie
several times over the centuries. The longest petlod they
have been awake has been 30 years, during the 15th
century, which make the sons partial contemporacies of
the characters. The three have currently been awake for
only two decades and are having difficulties adjusting to
the modern world.

Clans Gangrel

‘Natuie/Demcanvon (itoand)

Nature/Demeanoe (William): Martye/Survivor

Nature/Demeanor (Arthur): DevianyMoter

Generations 7th

Embrace: A.D, 963

Physical: Strength 3 (Richand 4), Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipolation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, lncalligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3 (Richard 4), Beawl 4,
edge 4, Empathy 2 (William 3), Intimidation 3, Leadership 3

Book One: London Ghost Story


ie Seah awnalscee 3 The Sabbat

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 1, Qeeule 2
(Anhur4)

Disciplines: Animalisn 3, Auspex
and 5), Obfiseate 1, Potence 2, Prote
(Aru

Background

ovina 3 (Rich:
4. Thaumaturey 2

Herd 5, Resources

Virtuest Conscience 2, Self- Cont

ue

mn (1400s), Premature Aging
J. though first born, appears to be the

wuched him
10s. He hha

ig: cynical Look.
and rarely leaves

tev he in hie

squint
10 ax similar to his father'
the count's side

William, the vecord son, has remained the middle
beother in appar

tage. He hus straighe black hate with

aks, worn in a ponytail. He wears theee knives
ne scabbards when a

nuffeted the curse mas

ng other Kindred.

werson when mal bas "Doctor Streck.

ly man in his mid-50s. He carries a gnarled sraffand — Prussia, u distant n

AibaldSereclewasbornn L3th-century
ive of the Holy Roman Emperor, The

wears un arcine tuby pendant, He seems to have poetic Tiling Ventre of the nation kept aj on thet
carries no weapon except the stall Renaissance nuaninhis philosophy and politics, and be wis an

isistic upper athe emperor: When
extended his control from Sicily ty Germ,

All three brothers wear dark-burgundy. tartans. perinec

Roleplaying Hints:
Richard: You ure fither's éurrent favorite. You will

5, Steeck's power

Stizek continued to suppore his lord even whe
Honosioue I excommunicate the king for breaking his vow

wo younger siblings. William, in

particular, may pose a problem, The Cumarilla are fool yyy gc ceusale. Thus, when Frederick finally
c ali 2s wel is Frodericksaidede-camp,

William: You bear Gad's cume for your family The Ventrue decide to okd Steck to thee
evils. You hate your father and siblings, for they revel in waste fumilypotriateh Baron Hardest, How
‘ out of fear. Ifyou show weakness, the — Crusales. Handestalt' nemesis, Marchettus the Boll
other two ate on you like wolves. You sharpen your cacked! ind filled dhe Ventrue ghouls ining Sineck and
knives in anticipation of the night you will be free Embeaced! the Prosian,

Arthur: Your moth vil before your

Wher, and she was right. You surpassed your sire's force of person

fa liry and boing Beujaly blood

fat inactsof wanton cruelty, Youwatch your leamed to despise the Ventruc fac: wilzation.
apadly decomposing body with morbid curiosity eck isthe voice of extreme Sabbat Beujah in the 19
Storyteller: Richurd isthe perfectsoldierand obeys. century. HisFith Path ofthe Revolutionary as virnually become

his father's commands. William has a fascination with daetrine among the burgeoning ech pope —_
dilate fa fabbat's Path ¢ 4 Sereck has made whatever i 19 fo fulfill his goals of |

liberry, He has made sn alliance of convenience with Coun
op td John Dunwiee of Chan Gio

The Sun Has Set

Clan Brwjals aie
Sire: Marchettus the Bold
e/Demeanor: Visionary/Rebel

Generation: 2th
Embrace: A.D, 12
Apparent Age: 28
Physicals Se

ength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4
Charisma 5, M: ‘pearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alermess 4, Braw

Subterfige 2
Skiflss Eriquerte 2, Firearms 2, Melee (Hand
Sejtles) 4, Ride 3, Stealth 5, Survival 3

tion 3, Law, Linguistics 4
Discipl
Foccitud

ance 4, Investiga:
Yeeult 2, P
es: Auspex 4, Celer
1, Obfuseate 5, Potence

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Influence
(Beujah and Anarchist) 5, Resources 3, Status $
Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Morale §

Path: Power and the Inner Voice 7

Willpowe
Metits/Flawst Unbondal

c: Ambidextrous/Driving

Imagei Strock is u tall, thin 4 H
subverted aristocratic bearing, He
blacks and grays, is clean-sha
brown hair in a ponytail. A pair of

lostes m

nv and wears his reddish.
yuna, iron-rimmed

ify eyes that though
but he be

Asa muster ora

farsatical snes Steck usually displays a ceserved

revolution, cand thetorician, his voice
an fan embers of di

sent into a eortlagrat

his face as he revels in the anarchy that his presence

Roleplaying Hints: It hind been good year — wit
the rebellions in. Vienna, Milan and Berlin. And then
yere was Paris... The Toreador Justicar reacted soon
J forced you w flee the city

She didn't understand your purpose. ‘Tiae

than you expected

aren't about terstory, strategy or any of the crimes that
the Camarilla ascribes to them. Your efforts are dedi
cated to chaos and to the power to create fear among
your enemies. You know chat paranoia and cecritnina
tions bave sprung up in the wake of each attack

Yet, you ate un
There is something man

potential in London

ithuc
England — not like the old days, when you witness

fone faction destroy another. Feh! En

linose sedencary about

land's vaunp

ane shopkeepers. Even many Brujab here are

traditionalists whi
have drained the ¢

squabble over stupa. The

weapon to ampose thete ey
out the world.

The Ventrue must be overthrown, The foray
made this far are minor compared to what
fouse Valerius funeral pyre
ot your "lie The €

rye and now ¢
al brand of ord

expect toma
do et

at the best of times, while this

wateh your associates carefully and protect

digsetly
Equipment: One-handed seythes, x
tory political leafler

Storyteller Note: Streek is sibling to
any character Embraced by Marchettu J i The
Last Supper. Strec relations with any of

lineage, though. Sabb may know of Sueck
They may endone his philosophy wholeheartedly, reject
shared with Streck, though he might attempcco use a blood

Streck's Pack

Background: Sreeck's coterie consists of four Subbut
Brujah: Henei Matron, Gortfried Diets, andl Hi
Christopher Taylor, che wo English brother

have all worked with Streck for over

Jevitied 0 his cause. Marron w ea i

Teimisce rald on the Torendor Elysivn

Bock One: London Ghost Stor


Clans Brujal anetribu

Generation: Sth (Diet: ix 9th)
Embrace: 160¢
Physical: Strength 3, Dex
Social

Mental

ity 4, Stamina 4

Tharisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

ercepeion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Intelligence 1

Strength 4, Char
Jonti Marroo has Clhatisans 4,

The Taylors have Brawl 4), Doxige 3, Empathy 2,

* Lendership 2, Streetwise 3 (The Taylors

Skills:

quette 1 (Marron has Etiquette),

Knowledge

Law 1, Linguistics

Disciplines: Auspex

Taylors)

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Cont

Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Obfus:

in 2 (The

Porence 5, Presence 3, Prot

04, Herd, Influence

Viewes: Callousness 3, Instincts 5 (The Taylors 4),

Morale 4
Path: Power and the I
Willpower

will shorter him. Marron colorful thearnical

e).Hehas

nls 10 we

easy ait and is geegurious, The Tay!

rufflans, Th

lish dock

ore rough and unshaver, with a brutal

uality

fquipment: Guns, ammunition, printing press

Ambros

Backgrou
from a disreputable branch

steeped himself in aceult lore ar an early ag
b

10 Giovanni

mbrogino, the bastard son of a Necro:

the Giovanni fanily
ore his Embnice, an
ut the world. Inde
Ambrogino cur off his own hand and replaced it with che
evil relic, the Preta Shinyatd, while pursuing the paths of
the dead tn Tibet. Ambrogino wns Embraced
ocian, Lady Constanc
to help assure Augustus' loyalty to the clan,
Ambe

wine was Claudius' rival for Augustus' favor

family and wasthe direct cilde of Augustus; he considered
Ambrogtne der by virtue of his bastard bitth

re. Ambtog

Cappadoci Hieved Claudius to be a

wumbler in

Ambrogino traveled widely after his Emb
grew in both necromantic lore and in cont

merchant empire. His status
when Ambrogino helped engineer the downfall of
"pra ugh Chains played a more pu

Ambrogino wis ala the hidden hand behind the death of
Lord Camden,
tomb or arcane librar

ut he failed to find the Cappasdocian'

Jon in 1666 to en

nslating the Saxgon Frag
we charucte
who h:
since with the help of wraith spies. He hu
launched a major search for Mut
Pomsesiesfurthersecters to the Sargor

jor sethacks to the low

eldees ev
nna, who he bei
nent. Ambrogi

The Sun Has Set


far-flung weaiths have not yet proved to be equil to her
capture. However, the death of Claidius Giovanni has
mised Ambrogino's position in the Antediluvian's eyes

In 1847, Ambrogino finally learned the location of
Camden's tomb through John Dunsien and —agaleat the
advent of Mithras' possible return — urged Dunsicn and
Gillespt into a rapid alliance with the Sabbar to cover his
own activities in the city.

Chan

Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/Visionary

Generation: 5th

Babeace: A.D, 1045

Apparent A

Physical: Strongth 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, lntelligence 6, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Beawl 4,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4,
Smeetwise 4

Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Melee 5, Music 3, Ride 4,

Security 4, Stealth $, Survival 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 5, Investigation 5,

tics 5, Occult 7, Politics 4
linesi Auspes 4, Ceerity 3, Dominate 5, Fort

tude 4, Mortis 3, Necromancy 7, Obfuscate 4, Potence 6,
Presence 4, Thanatosis 1, Thaumaturgy 6 (Spirit
Thana 3)

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 5, lnluence4,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 5, Morale $

Path: Via Ossis 9

Willpower: 10

Merit: [roa Will

Tmaget Ambroging is astender, powerful-looking man
in his mid-30s. with stenighe. shonlder-length brown hair.
He is u curious combinition between a contemplative
scholar and an imperious king, His expression changes
feally among a confident air of quict power, sincere empa-
thyor overwhelming rage. His dark gray eyes peer out at the
world like thunderclouds.

Ambrogino almost always masks his ceal visage behind
The Mask of 2 Thowand Puc; few have seen his true

arance. Those who manage © penetcate his disguise
Jeethathe wokier than he fre orpears perhaps ta hineart
50x Even his alder form ts powerful and vital, however,

‘He wears adark-blue greatcont and thick, black leather
Hoves. He is known to wear spectacles when in a contem:
plative mood, bur these are an affectation. His left hand is
sy ond clawed, hearing a stctling resemblance to the
finds ofthe Preta Shinya.

Roleplaying Hine: You possessan ndvontage that ew
bchets can rival — you can see the futur tin full, co be
ure — the Oracles of the Restless are enigmatic — but you
have little doubt of your destiny.

You punined paths of power through the dead even asa
mortal. Youliave stulied the Bardo Thodol, De Arte Moriendi,
The Petakhanda of the Hindus, Swedenborg's De Coelo et de
Jnfemo woud ever shunt rubbish Th

your own band off und replaced it with that of a pos
tages to gain power over the Preta Shinyats, All of this
before your Embrace!

"The blood of Canpadocius closed some doors ta you. but
itopened others. The old man— Augustus — indulges your
eccentricities because you have been valuable ro him. If he
knew your true motives, you would be as dead i Claud

You fear Auuttus. but otas much asothersdo, He may
pursue godhead, but he has not obtained it. Foe all of his
‘Hower andl ancient blood, he is fallible, You are not cuseless,
though: Claudius' death servesas potent reminder what
happens when one failvan Antediluvian. But then, Claudius
‘was fool, not worthy of hit blond

This "Capuchin* that Augustus deals with worries you
You have some theories on nine!
to ensure that it does not do to you what it seems to huve
de to Claudins

‘You realize that Claudius! whelp, Marianna, ts the key
{0 your failures in obtaining the Sargon Fragment, She has
already caused you more trouble than hee idiot sire ever did
Vethaps Cappadocius is not as dead as people think

You buive # grudging respect for the vampires whi
interfered with your actions duiring the events of th

se. As lony as the Capuchin feeds Augustus' p
‘about them, you may continue to gather infermatior about
the Fragment for yourself. the legends are true (and you da
not doube them), Sargon's lore has the power to shake
Heaven and Hell to their very foundations
‘You prefer not ro kill the interfering vampires beesise
eo yet plans s¢ this points They unearth valuable
ion thot you can use, like pigs root for truffles
‘They must die, however, if you ure to fulfill your destiny

You play a dangerous game, but the prise is worth any
risk. Your only teal love é:for your childe Lucretia, You will
take het with you when you descend Hell's dark stain.

‘That power would already be yours ifmot for that traitor
Mallorte. You brousht the Fragment 10 h
could translate the language,
ible than his bufocnis manner sages. Yo practically
handed him the keys t0 gedhead! But he i-dead now on
‘mannet of his demise was mest instructional, Your que
riot end with him. His was not the only copy of the
Tesvagramomaton, but without his rather specialized knowl:
‘edge, youre only now beginning to comprehend the artifacts
Inericactes

‘Count Jocalo's interference in your schemes ts the only
thing that truly frightens you, Whae that evil fop intends is

beyond your knowledge, bathe willior find you unprepared

Equipment: Swordcane,twopepperbox revolvers, hand
of the Preta Shonyardi


Lucretia Giovanni

Background:
between nother Italy
i's wealth
of Claudius, het her
ate forthe

bom in the Alpine climes
land as proxluct of the
family. The great great-grand
tage and beauty made het i
Several noctumal
s drove themaway, Many
oyeved shun Clauss bimself wanted to being her mt the
ly
Despite the grear honors intended for het, Lucretia's
mortal life was far from settled. The young woman was
wibjected o whipesing voices and went mad. Lucretia's

purenes consigned het to an asylum, She appen
tat time spent in che mahoue searced her deeply. Lucretia
her parents on her 21st birehday us reward forthe

potwone
ahaniex abe had sul
fortune

Luctetia's rrevchery made ler more eligible for the Em.
brace thaneverbefone andarmacted theattentionof Ambroging
Giowsnnt, Claudius, now ofa mind to procreate, decided that
ie was time to Embrace che worn, However, indiscretions
Fuad foaghr Claudius disfavor with his father, As Claus'
star wan falling, Ambrogino's was sising, Augustus offered
Ambronoa boon:

and ale tock conte o

tic lore, he requested the right to take Claudius intended
Although the movewasa political stroke, genuine bond
har developed berween childe und sire. Luctetia hax proved
hersell to he Ambrogino's most useful and loyal ally. She
tracked N clon (sce The Aneshexston pre
lode). Marianna escaped and, with the aid of the Mafkavian,
le valuable pypersftema sorcerer with knowledge
on Fragment Its unknown what penalty, if any

ure mn this matter

Nature/Demeanor: Deviane{Gallane
Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 1203

Apparent Ager 21

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 6, Srumina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perveyrion 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 6

Talentst Acting 3, Alereness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 4
Deadge 5, Emputhy 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3,
Seduction 4, Sacerwie 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Melee
(Swonl) 6, Ride 4, Security 3, Stealth 4, Survival

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, France 3, Investigation 3
Law 2 Linguistics 3, Oocule 4

Disciplines: Aupex 2, Celerty 4, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 4, Necrrmaney 4, Objuscate 1, Potenee 4,

Presence 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Conmets 4, Hert 2, Influence 3,
Resources 4, Sanus 3

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 5, Morale 5
Path: Death and the Soul 8

Willpower: 8

Meri/Flaws: Luck/Overconfident

Arnage: Lucretia isa wiry, athletic woman in her ealy
20s. She possesses sharp, heautifil features with high
cheekbones and arched eyebrows, Long, wavy, light-blonde
hair with white highlights frames her face. Her eyes ate
‘cold-blue, hike witvter in the Alps, and they gleam with,
rocking derision. (Her eyes low like ice when she utes
The Gleam of the Red Eyes.) Her skin i a safe iory-white
and her crimson lips are sn a sonic smile. Lucretia alesis
the raiment of a crvuler, wearing a fashionably cut Blk
‘overcont with breeches an! feather boots. She
Mack sword and strides with a preteratural grace.

Roleplaying Hints: You were 21 when you diseoy
‘ered the liberating power of madness — a lesson you
leamed just before you crossed the threshold of immor.
tality. Your madness manifest cent de
wish. You take terrible risks in order to fulfill your
desires. You did not care foe C Ambrogine
understands your needs. You admite him fot his power,
intellect and ambition, He isan avenue to great power
and you will reap the fruits of his labors

Your only concern is that your sire dees feat
Augustus enough Few thing disturb you, bur the Ancient
(Qne sends «chil of fear through your undead boy

You respect competent enemics, expecially they
splay 9 sense of style or panache, This respect may ever
develop into a warped affection for long-term foes.

‘You use your beauty 0 advance yourself within the
clan. You have wrapped two elders stound your fuyet
‘Not even your site is resistant ro your chacma,

nadia, b

Equipment: Straight black broadiword

The Sun Has Set


Gillespi Giovanni
Background: Gillespi m

Europe
His keen' business acumen,
family connections and willin
opportunities

London eared him the Embrace

at the expense of the local Camarilla, After the Great
Fire, business opportunities for the Giovanni turned
ut, Gillespi's superiors ordered him to dissolve most of

Gillesp) has te

ted in that position for almost
two centuries, and he has hidden hi
He hay watched his financial re

tracks remarkably
ses dwindle as
clevate him to bis former status
Clan: Giovanni
Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/ Architect

Apparent Age: Mi
g Island Mansi

Skills: Exiquee
Stealth 3

Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 4, Investign
‘Hon 9, Law 3, Lingutsticy

Discipline
Fortitucle 2, Ne

Backgrounds: Allies

Influence 1, Resource
Virtues: Co
Humanity:
Willpowe:
Image: Gill

3, Contacts 5,
3, Retniners 3, Stat
science 2, Self-Control

iiéd-20s. He uppea

existence iteclt. His spi

neelec
Roleplaying Hints: August

to that creature, t

much older now, having grown
has been broken by the
his family
has been fitenin
Capuchin, again, which me

die. You hop
tightening around your neck

nu always get the shit work and your current

Inhorious assignment stinks like Then

here's thar base idea how he

incle Antoni
sd Durnsien: you have 1
ut into the family. He's trying ro damage you
Puration to increase his standing. You suppose you'll
have to take cate of the Scottish
far. He already has Sabai
as well as that hulking G:
1666 all n
Ambeog

iF things go-to
fing arcund your ph
looks lik
pays you well for this shit duty, but

ho amount of money (heresy for a Giovanni, you

know) is worth all of this. You're goin: bck to Rom

Equipments Ruse
clothes, tarnished

Book One: London Gi


John Dunsirn

Background: John wa
the cannifaliseie Da

one of the fitit members of
be Embraced when the
nily. John's occule talents and
exceptional perversions acquire ng the
Giovanni. He sought out the fina ad

wer. Dunsirn discovered che

Giovanat inducted the k

romantic and family
pt, buch

didn't have the resources to explore it fully,
he sold his diseovery 0 A\

bro
attack at Ambrogino's request, but he actually hopes to
fuethe

is own influence by doing 40
Clan: Giovanns (Dunsien Family
Generati

Embrace:

Apparent Ag

Physical: Strength 3, Desterity 3, Stamicin 4
ipulation 4, Appear

Mental: Perception 5, lntelligence 4, Wits 5
Empathy 3, Ineimidacion 4, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Eriquer

1, Ride 2, Security 3, Stealth 3,

owledges: Bureaucracy 4, Finance 4, Investiga

tion 5, Law 5, Lingutstics 1, Occult 4, Science
Discipliness Auspex

Obfuscate 1, Potence 3, Thaumaturgy 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Herd 5,

2, Resources 4, Retainers +

irtuest Callousness 5, Inst
Path: Death and the Soul
Willpower:

Mecits/Flawst Corporate Ties, Criminal Ties, Eat
Food (Human flesh)Overconfident

Image: John Dunsirn is » small, pleasant-looking
‘man in hix mid-306, He hae ne
cut short to follow human trends. He weary a black
(Oxford Street cloak and

with a bore's

ries a thick wooden cane
ax the top.

He is Scottish; but intempt to
blend in with London culture. His one con:
Scottish heritage is a woo! scarf that hears a dark-red
tartan with green and yellow stripes
Roleplaying Hints: Pleasur
first, last and always. You love visiting L
sions and perversions abound to
jaded — no, rarefied
rent, sophisticated and ob-s
ride through the park with chs
where you may feed your soul
haven where you may satis

sian te hy

i udmintedly
where are
An idyllic

palate, The wo
ng lady, the theater
and then hick to

ur "basee" appetites. You
can even fit iva round of night-golt at che club if

are lucky.

You consider y
"businessman's holiday,"
satisfy your perversions. Your doltish servant Mont gon
ery has some taste at least, and Cather
charms — as a morsel. You intend to take
courting, corrupting and ultimately consun
jour work here ts done, You hav
are by neglecting husiness

urtime in London to be a
and you use any excuse

The Sun Has Ser


Interlude (1848-1882)

Onice chuiracters have opened and investigated Camden's crypt, they undoubeedly discover thar i will be some time
before they may purse their current leads to the Sargon Fragment. Indeed, not even Ambrogino is capable of activati

‘nap that Camden protected with Cappadocian secrets. Therefore, the chacacters may returt\to Valerius! nant in 34 ye

atthe appointed time in 1882, to witness the projection of the map of Lazarus' haven —the supposed resting place of insight
{nto the Fragment,

Charsetercmight expect Ambeogina to mir up at that time ac well if he gor co fans to read Carndan's lattor: He dove
tot, though. He suspects, rightfully 50, that he has played his hand in London and that iris wiicide to return at an appoknited
time — when all the Camarilla vampites in the world could await him.

Anibtogino pursues other leads instead. Namely, he continues his hun for Mariani who he believes can help him
waster the Sargon Pragrent

Of course, ll ofthis means that down-time occurs between significant chaptery in this chronicle. The characters may
le it to continue theie revearch ines the Giovanni, into the arcane or inte the Fragment
general what his character does over the next three decades, You ean use that infoermat
‘oryou can allow characters to simply improve their already formidable abilieies. Each
spend on her charneter in addition to whatever experience points are gained for surviving the events of Book One

Characters may decide to research Egypt in anticipation of traveling there (or they might actually go there to
{now the place and develop an advantage over the Giovanni), You must decide what elements of Book Two that chatnc
«an lear by its outset,

The 19th Century

Asthe century progresses chums occur farer than ever before: Even the most modern Kindred may havediiculy keeping

th the wots transformations. The American Civil War inthe 1860s marks the advent of modem warfare an leaves over
million dead. Slavery falls nto disrepute throughout most ofthe Western work. Technological advances sul axphataxraplyy
change the way humans perceive the world, and they cause a new ser of problems for Lasombyra. The Scientific and Industral
Resolutions continue unabated, excising bellef in the supernrural irom the human psyche (at lest 1 inastriaised counties).

Darwin's Origin of Species (1859), and subsequent works, all cauke a widspneia sensation. These vs yptead beyond the
icientific conumnity and, to many, contrasdet millenininm-old religious miths. Kindredand kine see Gead tossed off His throne
‘namother blow agains fth and "irrationality"

The intemal combustion engine isalteady in use by 1882, and the first automobile is four years away. Trans-A laste cables
ate hid, thns allowing for almost instantaneous communication between Europe and North America. ventions auch as the
telephone, the light bulb and the phonograph have come about, but they are no widely in ase.

And yet, in many other parts of the weld, things have scarcely. changed singe the characters' Embrace duriny the
Renaissance.

The characters clash with the Giovannt again in this era: Camatills characters may swary Kindzed opinion against the
Necromancer. I the Giovanni attack on che characters aren't evidence against the Romans; their apparent
Sabhit in London. ifnae in other nlaces.swavsopinion against the clan. (Creating Sabla conirraane igi
more difficult.)

Tie characters protuibly inereased their skill with Japheth's oaks, as well. They can now see ghosts, if only fatitly, They
‘anak detect the presence of weaths nearby (within 15 yards) with only a successful Perception + Emputhy roll (difficulty 6)
— Aupex is not requited. One success alerts character to a ghostly presence. Two uxcesses gives an approsituate aense of
irection and indicates how many wraithsare ithe tea. A character with thece successes ses a faint outline. Four successes let
anchoracter see details of appa



My tongue poes tothe S

to tell the corpses, "I

the killing was just om

retary of the Deal
of those thin

Adifficule to pre-visualise — like a cone

Galway Kinnell,

to continue their search for
op the Giovanni from
chiming it and achieving divine power. Several leads
gained in London potnt to Egype

# The levter left by
ftroces in

wlers upon his crypt to journey to Egypt to find

* Durgi at their
ful move in pursuit of the Fragment would take
them to desert Lands
© Marnna hav
her ongoiny search fe
© Ifthe char
below), the
shat nppears coe w church of
design, which might be (ound in Egype —
where all other lends to the Sargon Fragment p

pparently fled Ee
the Fragment

ts return to Camden
witness the projecti

for Egyp

tomb in 1882

fa diagram of
h Christian

Bock of Nightmares

The characters learn that travel
bur ying to accompl he

deadly. The Giovanni h mee f

iy and the Fragment. Ambroging has sent a

favored student — Rosaura Rosselli —and her bt
Baklessr to the desert to find the rogue childe. Aft
activities in London.

Sargon Fragment mote cover a whi

surse the
ty avond
specifically

and the
direct conflict

ak Two, However, the ints
ters' shared pursuit brings them int

And yet, the riv
ean sicvive cinly by worki
Marianna,

harac

together. Their hunt for
scans' lair and th brings thea all
The foreigner
they hope to see another night

nto the hands of the Setite

the Serpents game

and com to win the means ta apo:

Book Two: Pi

raths of the Dead


The thome of Book Two i sacrifice —what characters
are prepared to give up for their goals ot for the greater good
tliroughout this story. The
many ofthe sects ralitional precepts in onder to keep the
Peace among a wide variety of clans and Cainste philoso-
Phtes. Egypt's Camarilin ake) acknowledges its feeble hold
‘on the reigns of power and is willing to compromise its
values, such ay overlooking incursions by Setites, eo retain
contra

The characters' Giovani enemies in) this chaprer
imuvt give of themselves for their master Ambrogino. The
Necromancer pains must endure the tortures ofthe desert
to capture Marianna, If they fail 1 elaien theie prize, they
make their sacritce for naught — ind pethaps even love
their own lives to theit angry lon.

Marianas serif
effort to under

-shenelf constantly in an eegoing
ins toachieve apotheosis.
Her very existence is offered up for the greater good.
Finally, the ‘ters must decide what their absolute
sare, Once they errive in che desert haven of the
Setites, these values are tested ously. Can the charac-
ters resist personal temptations for power, knowledge or
Just in onder ¢o fulfill their goa! of defeating the Giowanni?
Or he characters weak and do they fail to resist Serite
seduction, lovin everthing they have strove for since
thir Embre
You can introduce this theme into your games by
conftumting characters constantly with moral dileramas,
and by asking players what actions they choose De char-
acters continue their pursuit of the Sargon Fragment or do
nities to gain personal power or sats:
All charncters feed on desirable Sctite vessels or
sbstai tn order to remain pare? Do cha
face in theie sects to fulfil higher ideals?
Ita situation ever arises in which characters could
ly be offered information or thing else that they.
ire enforce this story's theme und snake a moral ques
thon of the situation. Make the players choose between
what their characters need and what their characters want.
Which of the two will be sacrificed?

Mood

The mood of Book Two ts isolation. The characters
Journey to Egypt. where they soon learn that any American
‘or European waysare out of place in thedesert country, The

ills and Sabbat there do not abide by Traditions or

ites of most "civilized" places do. Camanlla,

they rake oppo
ee rick Loxing

‘Sabbat and even Setite vampires wander city streets almost
jt restriction, Chntcters who rely on their status iit
sect discover that they have little clout in places such as

Cairo and Alexandria, and they feel (solatet as 9 result,

‘The vast desert also reminds even powerful vampive
celderi of their ultimate vulnerability tn the work. No
amountof bleed can preserve an undead lord indeftnicelyin
the desert. The endless landscape and blazing sun make
simple existence it challenge and force the characters t
realize how truly lone they are. Not even the company of
Setite hosts is reassuring because the Serpents have thet
own plans for the characters, and the elders have no one to
save them but themselves.

‘Tocreate thisinsular mood, stage your game sessions in
a big room and at a large table. Space players far aps and
make them share tools such as paper, pencils und ice. The
distance between players — thet remoteness — soon be:
comes awkward, then frustrating, and perhaps even
lunnetving, This isthe same cange ef emotions that thei
‘solated characters experience

London Prelude
(February, 1882)

After the chaacters seasch Camden's crype and tead
fis letter in 1348, they realize that Camden's "rap" lat
appeared in 1840 and will reappear next in February of
1882; that tneans reeuming to London and the presiding
'smaansion, whether by invitation or stealth, I
the characters left Londen under good terms with the laa
‘Camarilla, they are undoubresfly welenmed bock to witness
‘Camden's map. Valerius is still indebted to the charactere
ifhe isstill chamberlain. And Lady Anne Bowesley, (she
is power, accepts the characters into her home out of
respect for their pase deeds

Sabboe chameters or those who left Lendon on bad
terms at enter Camden'sceyp without petmis:
sion. Protection of the erypt bina declined aver the yea
and charactersmay use Auspex to cast their sensesintothe

J tomb, oF se Obfnscate, Obtenecheation ot
i. nccess uo the erypt.

No matter how the characters try to gain entry to
Camden's tomb, hey must see fe now or watt until 1924,
when i¢ apes again.

‘The night the charactors arrive ar the chambers
mansion is foggy and overcast. However, stay seem 0
shune so brightly that chey pierce ever the fog. The sts
light penetrates the darkcracks and fissures ofthe Vertue
manor and is reflected downward by Camden's iagenious
system of mirrors. The crystals in the ceiling of Camden's
tomb glow blue; their faces sparkle and then hone the
starlight into beams thar draw a picture on Caindea's
ssireophaves

The image 4 of a Christian church in a eruefoem
shape, with a nave and transept. The appearance of cl:
tunns suggests Moorish influence in the architecture. There


isclearly » staiccase in one comer, which may serve is an

A particularly bright spot of light at one end of
tut

ling what
The image fadey avers asthe crystal in
theceiling dim, Characters may hve made an ilastrntion,
of the diagram or committed it to memory, The a does,
-t, without a point of reference by

Larus' tomb is somnewhe

which to find this ice suggests that
in Egypt, but where? Its bi
aracters maty explore wh

ves of inquiry that they can think of to locate thisclh

fur they ms uleamarely travel to Egypt and, onc

ope to track the place down

Travel

sen country. The ¢

«undergone startling pre

40 years since the events in London, Steam engines and
vellpropelled bu
heel, Ships are now
The Grear the largest ship of the nge, carries acrew
of 400 and up 10 4.000 p nas ae

easily in Vogue

pa high style

have Large
maneuverable

‘omfort-conscious Kindred can travel

Yet, many ships still store sails
engine failure and most ships ate

protect again
tl] made of wood,
of wonclad

despite the recent development
When churactery arrive

Egypt they realise how

¥ the world have
The railroads that ite now ubiquit

United States do no

xiat in Eaypt. Overdand travel i

down the Nile ls by by

Travel upand

Travel in Egype present
Kindred. Where da they sleep
find retainer

a host of difficulties f

day! Where can the
Whur 1s the
danger of banditry? How quickly might the vanypie

in which they can re

anions that yous as Storyteller
thus forcing thes

hould present to player
0 make arrangements for their char

acters transportation and protection

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Egyptian History
(Kindred and
Kine)

anda valued prise since anriguity, but i sil an eng

tweven the most knowledgeable of Kindred, Most vampire
2 beliove thar two brothers, Osiris and Set, batted

supreanacy of Egypt before recorded history.
Both were Embeac

by ancient vanpites of Antediluviaa,
cenit, bloed. Osiris ruled Egypr while Set
lived fora ume the Second City, acquiring dark lore. Ser
eventually killed his brother, tho
‘on for centuries thro
Ser then learned ns

Osicis' memory lived
human and vampire cules.
alesecrerly through pawnvand
may have heen the force behind Pharioh Menes' unifica
don of Upper and Lower Egypr

A line of 30 human dynasties ruled Egypt on Ser's
three millennia,
‘was created, largely unt

seemingly acelessciviliza
ped by the outside world. Ser's
eas contested, though; Setites and the rernaining
lowersof Horus vied for true power, Theirstraggle ended
in 332 B.C. with the invasion by Alexander the Creat
Toreador arrived with Greek invaders und ruled the land
for 300 years, The Toreador, in turn, lost power to Roman
‘Ventnue, only to regain it when the Roman capital shifted
from ltaly to Constantinople. Finally, Assamites usurped
Greck power in the seventh century, and Egypt's capital
was moved to Cairo un the 10th century

The Vontrue, Toreador, "Asssmites and Sctites all
sades und hoped to gain final control of the desert natin,
The Seljuk warrior, Salah ad-Din, finally seized Cairo with
the aid of Mamluk mercenaries (former Turkish slaves), A
Mamaluk vampire named Mukhtar Bey suryived a Setite
tuttack on bis Ventre mentor and became ruler of C
and the first and only Caitiff prince of a major city.

Epype became a part of the Ox pire in 1517,

din

asion of L798 — remained ynder Ort
recently, chat is

1882

British imperial expansion has brought Exype under
English

le. In the 1870s, Europe began u new eta of
colonization. Perhaps the greatest event to occut in this
‘hetiod was the opening of the Suez Canal by Napoleon Il.
The French built the comal, but che insolvency af the
Khedive (viceroy) of Egypt paved the way for English
{ntervention, Ismail Pasha ruled under the suzesainty ofthe

The Sun Has Set

Salt of Turkey and buried Bxype under a mountain of
debt. The khedive defaulted on £4,000,000 in loans allow:
ing English Prime Minister Disraeli to acquire Egyprian
shares in the Sue: Canal Company, However, the woren-
ingEzypeian oconomy put England'ssnvestinent at isk, and
European powers uryed the Turkish sultan to replace the
Hhedwe

This ouside intervention resulted in an armed msur-
rection led by a-charismatic Egyptian named Arabi. His
tebellion was primarily against the Turkish sultan, bun
Fance and England supported Turkish authority

No hostilities take place against English or French
forces im Egype in the first half of 1882, although English
fercesincrease to protect the emprre'sinvestiment. Tensions
the ay the year progresses, chough. France and Britain
tiockide the port city ot Alexandsia, which leads (0 an
increase in anti-European sentiment, Egyptian nationals
amurder 50 Europeans; the British bombarded Alexandrian,
foro in retaliation, On September 13, 1882, the Beith,
‘my under General Wolseley defeats Arabiat Tel-el-Kebir
{ear Cairo), thus putting Great Britain in contol of Egypt

The reception that characters receive in Egype varies
seat cepending on the tine of yeae at which they ative
‘Theymay dock befate the outbreak of hostilities, or after the
feaburdinent of Alexandria snd during hostility against
Buropeans that occurs in the latter half oF the yes.

Egyptians ate cool coward foreigners, but not inhorp
table — in the first half of the year, thar is, The narive
fopalace is aggressive toward "European infidels" after the
Fornburdment, by harassing the characters' entourage ifnet
iincking i outright. British authorities are constantly
‘apicious of the native "ellahm swine" and of Continental
Furopears, especially Germans, who ate their European
Competitors in the colonial mace. However, the British are
vik to warn Europeans or Americans to be wary of the
tives, and the British scek to help any foreigoetsat whom
the Exyptian people lash our

Geography

Eaype is in Northeast Africa, Ortoman-ruled Libya

ferders the country to the west; and the Anglo-Egyprian
Sian les tr the south. The Mecliterranaan Sie tcf cha

‘nanhern coast; the Red Sea lines the easter coast.

Egype consists of four main regions: The Nile Valley
and Delta, che Eastern Desert, the Western Desert, and the
Sinai. The Nile Delta is a fertile region: It boasts Inch
farmlands thar extend about » hundred miles ato the
interior. Cairo, the nation's capital, isat the scuthernmeist
‘end of the delta. Almost ull of the country's population
thors in Caito or along the Nile banks, while moet of the
femainnder resides in Alexandria or along the newly built
‘Sue: Canal. The majority of foreign Kindred choose to live

fn these regions as well, ceding the interior to the Lupines,
Setitesand whatever other horrors live beneath te shifting
sands

‘The Nile River runs the entite length of the country
700 miles — into the Sudan below. Five had reefs of lack
Sgneousstome (cataracts) impede the Egypvian Nile' progress
southward, dherefore, chuming the river
rapidsat each ref. There are five such rapids bat the ©
of this story do not bring the eb
than the finse cataract

‘The Eastern Desert is part of the Sahita. The W
Desert isthe nadkn's most barren region, wath viet
‘human settlements i the deserts southern latitudes. Not
‘even Setites venture into this region, aid some Kinubred
scholarsspeculate that itis the resting place ofthe legerary
Second City. Few have dared to pt tia theory to the text,
aul fewer still have retired,

‘The Sinai Peninvulaisa rockyplateanof burning desert
that connects Egypr to the Ortoman-controlled Holy Lands
beyond, Kindred rately gothere either, bucsomedo becuse
of its holy aura and its large Lupine population,

Cairo

The chamicters probably disembark from the intema:
tional travels ar Camo, It's the largest city inthe country and
preparations for the next stage of theie journey)

‘The elders mustdecide how to proceed, beyond milking,
nominally o Camarills ourposs inn a Setite desert. The city is
controlled by w Caitiff prince, but Mukhtar Bey upholds the
‘Traditions (at least in theory), and demands thar newcom-
‘ets announce themselves. Even if characters know little of
probably expect to follow sect rules,

Of course, Sabbat characters need do nothing of the
sort, There aren't many Sabbat in Cairo, though, so they
have few leads to follow (see Chy ret Contacts). lron
cally, the Prince of Cairo ts fair-minded; Sabbat charnese
who dare approach him are received on friendly terms.

Mukhtar Bey
(Prince of Cairo)

The idea of a Caitiff prince offends many Camarilla
vatnpires, perhaps even the characters. They may have
learned to overcome this aversion if they have visited
the prince on previous expeditions to Egypt (to learn
more about the countey before 1882, pethaps). Polite
conversation about Mukbtar Bey describes him as the
"Mamluk* prince of Cairo; the city's Camarilla vampires

ters any farther south

Book Two; Paths of the Dead


Dd

The Sun Has Set

rarely mention the word "Caitifi." Fehecharactersate

ing officials in the Camarilla, the prince treats them

Makhrar Bey has agents throughout the city, They
‘watch primarily for Setite incursions, bur they also keepan
res oF those who have

Wn rilla or Sabbat caractersmiy
spot these sentriey and approach them with the intent of
traning a meeting with the prince, ar they maybe sported
and "advised" to present thetnselves, The prince isnot at
‘opposes to Sabbat vampires as Buropean lenders ae, and he

eared to welcome them as readily as he isto peiceable

lh Kindred, Sabhat characters who have done any
research into Egyptian varapires have heart of
Bey's egalitarian rule, and they may recog
source of informaricin and suppore as long a they follow the
Camarilla prince's rules — a striking contrast ro the reighs
of Europe

Ithemase

ves. Ca

him as

Mukhtar Bey maintains an opulent and well fornified
haven on a hill overlooking the Nike and much of the iy,
His home exudes wealth and qui
have visited Cairo before and sent messiges ab
nouncing their arival, they receive a polite invitation 1
dine with the prince. Visitors must remove their shoe
t Ey
obringusmall gi
the host. (An appropriate Area Knowledge or Lote n
ditficulty 4,18 required to know these factors.)
Mukhiar Bey is w formidable warrior who dresses in
Wester finery with an Egyptian flair. His symbol of office
{s. stout wooden cane with an this head. A blind female
vampire wearing a ploin, white dress, and a small Mamluk
are present throughout any meeting between foreign
nes and the prince.
Makhar Rey asks the eh
bbuviness. He has no interest in any outside feuds they ba
with the Giovanni, snd he does not offer information that
he suspects will be tsed to harm anothe

before entering his home (as (s custorn én

hhomes),and it's consideted court

ely abou theit

acters

hiscay
while
them into

smpice
The characters sre under the pesnce's yx
they'te in Cio, but not if their own actions
trouble

The prince warns the characters not to unnecessarily

that Eu ht consider "scum," He makes room fr
‘vampires of almostall kinds — until they prove incapable of

respecting the peace. The only Cainiees who are officially
not permitted in the city are Setites, who have been the
inal enemies of the city (or ceututies. And yet, eve
the Serpents make forays into Cairo,

‘The characters are free to enter anil vetin ith

lems are hunted by the prince's entries. Troublesakersare
canfranted by aymany asa dozen vampire agents. They seek


Jets the unsuly (o leave the city b

who refuse or who defy theit

‘escort ure staked and stowed away an board a ship hound
The prince hay heard fegends of Lazarus and know
thae che Cappadocions hnd 9 history in Egypt, bur he

#5 few details or facts abour their past actiy

These things are best left alone," he explains. The
Lamia, mentioned in Camden's letter, are also unknown

ar Rey confesses to sightings of a woman in
1c city who fits Marianna's description. Indeed, she has
tted sporadically over a period of decades. The

woman has supposedly never presented herself (0 the

P irhave his sentries ever been able w catch her
Characters who ask for places to gather more in

mation on their quest are directed ro a

Impetigo, in the eity's dock region

Character
Contacts

Camarilla Kindeed or impeesonators may —through
uly of the country, clan connections or int
fnined from the Camarilla Founders — learn
Lond Waldo Harrngcon of Clan Ventrue. Har

p-ranking member of the sect, which was estab

phed in Egypt ta overee Ventrue interests in the
country. He maintains a Cairo townhouse and a larger
avert thac us five miles north of the city. Harrtngron
appsary to be a good-humored old man with a friendly

Characters do well to look beyond thar facade
hough, and question his motives in giving them any
The lord maintains contacts with other Camarilla

return for every favor, and he accepts only

bout vampires and clans across the world. If

ion in Cairo, he accepts any data that improves

hn
his standing among the Ver

If the characters admit to searching for Lest
tomb or mencion journeying into the desert, the lord
ware them about the Setites and Lupines who, acec

Ing to him, are prevalent

Harrington knows leas than nothing about Lat
the Setites may b
ted with it. He has never heard of the Lamia or

Marianna but és happy to be informed about them.

Book Two: Paths of the Dead 5


hasalmoxenothingin tt
ch
tions in Cairo, pethaps through insurrecciontists aainse the
Camaritia, have learned of Allema. He is a Moor of Clg
Lascmibra who exports warious curiosand abjersd'art. Alec
aceual role in the eity isto spy on the Camarilla
though he has no intention af risking his neck. He
fellow Sabbat by providing heedsand transpose

way ofa Subbat presente

acters who have researched Sabbat connee

ifcharacterscan otter or promi
‘or Setice activities

nothing abour Lazarus of any legends

Harringtox

ot Aldea explains that the Setites keepa

Jow profile in the city, but that they largely come and ao
they please, Harrington claims there is no formal avenue ol

Jaws the words "Fire Cout
from him, but no explanation of whar that phrase means
Aldema voluntects this name up front, deseribing \¢ as th

desert haven of the Serpent.
Both men can also relate that the Giewannt have an
operation in the city (maybe on the docks), but neither

its exace location, lafermation might be available at the
mopetigo, a known dockside huriwout for riftaff. Kindred aa
ine; Aldema has heard a rumor that someone murdered
important Giovanni in the past month, bur he knows le
more. Either man shares thar there 4s a Nosferatu (name
unknown) who skulls north of the citvanl who tsades nda
secrets Harrington and Allema would both like

Noferatu, if anything,

what the characters learn fron th

The Street

The characters have some success if they search fot
information on Caira!s streets. (European
maintain a low profile if they wish to avord the notice of
Egyptian nationalists.) Car's Knee pop

befite

and thee tawid

inquiries elicit blank stare

city of nes

of vampires. None

Successful Ate Lore
(difficuley 6) reveal th

appropriate sect Lie rill

partially unde
Fie

t) . Anything that draws police attention attracts his
cas wel

sire police

contol of  Setite elder named Ole

A Nowferatu churacter may meet cine of his few fellow ean
members in the city. The most accessible of them isa Besloui
woman with a shattered cranium. A large wound severs hur
neatly down the middle, and black bloed

don her face, She was Emb

iy ind

sed shortly after reverie

swound, and her iryury seems tohave given her wopersmalitis,

ater her real name, bur she has becienie
methingofayocial chameleon; she uses Mask ofthe Thousand
Faces to mimic the voice and appearance of « chamicter wh

speaks with her, but she dense

The woman bas forg


The wotnan breaks unto stories of her childhood if'she
isn'rkepeon track, bur she is receptive to those who seem to
joke an interest in her comfort and well-being.

The Nosferatubasnotspeciically suslied the Giovani
She can confirm hac they have been chasing » young
woman throu uttheetty. Thedescription thar the woman
gives bears a stking resemblance to Marianna. The

at the Giovanni have captuted the

dtranger, but she then breaks into a different voice that
an escaped west, terward Alexandria,

n doesn't know where the Giovanni hide but

1 docks bar, che Impetigo, asa pecaible listening

Nosferatu eepecte 1

The Impetigo

The Impetigo isa musty, raucous tavem in the busiest
pantof Ca ad itremains open into the ite hours
‘ofthe night. The decks are international errtory and ehe
quvor (uncommon ja Egype). The ellentele ix
mixture of satlors, local toughs, Beitish soldiers and human
flotsam ftom u hunadred ports of call. There area number of
English, French and American salons here, A fesw men
doce drunkenly to the music of n old black shipeate, and
there are sever card games en progress. A young brother
and sister help their harried farher tend har. The focal guard
feats up nightly fights and rounds up those who are t00
drunk to go home

One sucks fight breaks out ay the characters enter, A
cond game turns brutal and a sai shouts insults ata tall
Mack man, accusing hit of cheating. The black man wears
‘vos thie isthe eurtent fishicn in the United States. He
cemmains seared and shows Inte sign of being insulted: he
tells the salar ro sit dawn and shut up before he sets into
trouble. The man takes a drunken swing at the American,
whododes the blow easily, grabs the sailor by the collarand
Jus him ball the lenge of the bar: The sailor lies mooning
inthe wreckapeof a broken table. A few people rum around,

phrious that this is noc a fight they want.

of Auspex confirma thar the black mun is the only

edoesn't give the characters second

lance unless they approweh him, Then he introduces m=
self as Hank Biggs. The vampire knows the city and ite
samnire population. anal he wpnenared 1
6 co show elders around — for a price (£100
pending on what they want him todo), Hsteedaube
chanicters are arrogant or if they try to lord over hit.

MW asked, Biggs reveals that there are Giovanni in the
lirea and eh they are "chick ws thieves" with a local Brajah
fis acquaintance. He continues to say that the Giovanni
Camry call themselves "Ghibecti." He knows that some

ry Italian lly" billed thrctan'sbocal leadat and that the
Giovani are out for blood. Big has also heard eumoes that
incer bigwigs are in the city, but he does not
know if thete's a connection between these events; The

io'sdocks,

tavern ser

Giovanni operate « brothel and haven in the northern
suburbs of the city. Biggs shows the churacters the way if
they wish.

Ir soon becomes apparent that Biggs is an American
dealt — charming, if somewhat naive.

Hank Biggs

Mask: Digr wo at escaped Louisiana slave who be
came involved in the Underground Railroad and helped
others evcape to fteedom. An unknown vampire bestowed
the gift of Caine upon him asa reward for his efforts. Bigu>
briefly fell with « pack of Louisiana Ganagel, and chen
with seme Union Beujah during the War Betws
States, He lost faith in the Camarilla, hough; ics
corrupt an institucion as the one he had escaped

"The Catcif dntied to Egype through circumstanice. He
took to Mukhtar Bey' egalitarian ule and has remained in
the city ever since. Biggs has some useful
the Kindred of Caieo. The characters may notice with
arousement that, ike other young Kindred, he strives to
hang onto his humanity and mamneain mortal friends.

lank Bigs tsa youryeblsek man with a wiry build. He
hhas.a neatly trimmed heard and yives the impression «
having traveled widely. He typically wears an. American,
tailored business suit, He tases with the eneryy und enthu
siasin of youth. Hank bas the Diseiplines Animalism 1
Fortitude 1, Potence 2 and Peotears 1. He ts eager to learn
‘mone and foregoes his fee it one of the characters agrees 66
teach hima new Discipline

The Giovanni

‘The Giovanni "bigwigs" that Biggs mentions
re Haldesurand Rosmura Rossellini, agents sent by
Ambrowing to track down Marianna ster she had
been sighted in Cairo. The siblings arrived in Egypt
before the characters did and drafted Cairo Ghibetti
leader Kenneth Stahl into their service

‘The Rovsellinis like the characters, are strani
ets here. Indeed, they may be ar a greater
disadvantage than the elders are. They are accus-
tomed to ‘depending on necromaney, but they
‘quickly learn that Egypt (especially Thebes) is rife
with allen and troublesome wraiths, Many of the
Giovanni's own ghostly agents become lost ot de-
stroyed in this foreign land, vietims ofthe Egyptian
ghosts of the Dark Kingdom of Sand, though Rosaura
keeps several highly potent Spectres tn reserve,

‘Ambroging (+ sure of Rosaura's loyalcies, but
hhe is leas certain of her brother's

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


The Ghiberti

The Giovanni haven

i large, dimly lit, three-story
hood at the city's edge. The
J yentleman ride up to the
ding in nc wh brick fence with sharp, itor

w e place, There are several windows,
ome lit, somedark nd sorne bostrded up. A chi

eter using

Paychic Projeetion to reconnoiter discovers the haven is a
high-priced beothel that caters to wealthy businessmen.
There are eight womeri and four ctistomiers inside. One
woman seetns anemic and sleeps fitfully in it back room,
The house's business dealings occur on the fist and second

ns There is a basement with several freshly tuned

e of these contains the decomposed remains of a

decapitated gan

There ane two items of interest on the third floor. A
been split almost completely in ewo. The room's window

van, They are at ease a they drink blood from expensive
cxyual and speak Dutch, The surveying character
hear oplun about "oursiders ruining the opera

sage.

One of the
(0 a Ghost who hs spied on the characters) and
souldenly shouts, "Intmedere|" Both men leap to their feet and
tur themselves with revolvers ancl rifles, They assume pos
tonsac top-floce windows and sean forcargees. The character
may avoid detectic
themsele

ett Looks up into space for a moment (he

by the Giovanni' spies If they disguise
‘wearing Japheth's elo
terscanvulantake anne diet anal ard one
aspayingcustamers. The doorway tthe hrothelishlocke by
a large, muscular man, a ghoul who attempts to turn the
chamerers away if they do not we the proper passphease
"Augie sent me." Characters can Team it 1
oorman's mind. Yet, the establishment denics women and
fain entrance through
through a window or back door
Those entering throu

ing the building, Anyane

dog thar barks as they pass, Ant
lectem eyes the characters suspic

dog's reaction that the guests

sseparate oomand asks if they require "special ervices." The

iF the characters persist, sh

ns one of the men fram
upstairs, who requests that they leav

The Sun Has Set


The characters may gain information here in several
wways;the encounter may or may notend in bloodshed. Han
assault i staged, both of the Giovanni defend the house
while the customersand prostitutes quail in feat- The
vampires are ninth generation and are good with theit
‘guns, One is particularly strong while the other attempts to
se Dominate to stop the characters. Uimarely, they are
not a match for the elders,

The haven has wraith guundians as well, who are
similar to those that the characters encounreted in the
Dunsim Brewery. The wraiths harry the characters and

throw yall abjectsand off lamps that start fires. One of the
‘two Giovanni guards uses the wraiths' distraction toescape
sand wam his leader, Kenneth Stahl, who lives nearby, of
trouble, The characters ean follow the fleeing man ot
‘aprare him before he escapes.

Ifthe characters wake and question the gel in the back
oom, they learn that she witnessed the decapitation of the
‘tablishment's proprietor. Frederico Giovanni.one month
ago. She isa favorite plaything of the Giovanniand isafraid
that they will kill her soon. Her fearful description of
Frederico's assilant matches Marianna exactly

The Giovanni are defiant (f apprehended and shout
the prince's prohibitions on harassment: Nonetheless itis
hot difficult for the characters ¢o wrench the following
information from them:

Mariana appeared not ony last month, but also over
30 years ayo in the company of another female vampize.
Frederico Giovanni captured them through sheer numbers
find held them prsoner. Marianna escaped, but they killed
her companion. The Giovanni launched » major, but
futile, effort to find the rogue clan member and concluded
that she fled the country, She appeaed again eeecvtl
Frederico'soffice, where she severed hishead. The Ghiberti
chased her around the eity for two weeks, and wo "offi.
als" from Rome (the Count and Countess Rossellini)
secon arrived to take over the hunt. The two
the haven don't know the Rosellinis' eu
abouts, but they believe they may be in Alexandria,

Kenneth Stahl

Kenneth Stahl is an Afrikaner who took over the
Cairo Giovanni after Marianna killed his predecessor. A
‘earch of his mansion reveals taste for workdly goods (he

uards and servants. Stahl ties to excape attacking
characters by drinking blood from his servants to gain
ftrength and ordering wraith guards to slow is assailants.

Stahl isn't powerless, but 4 both younger and of
‘weaker blood than the characters, and be is fairly easy co
defeat if caught, He trodes information readily to save his
lie. Stahl knows that Marianna fled to Alexandeia with

nbercabouts, The Roman Giovanni told Stahl tw be on

The Cairo/
Alexandria Pass

The characters have come to Egypt in search of
Lazarus' comb, However, they have no idea where it
might lle, or where to find the Lamia who, according to
Camden's letter, should be able to help them, The
characters do know Marianna, though, and ae famitiae
with herongoinginvolvement in the hunt forthe Sargon
Fragment: Therefore, they may go to Alexandri, whete
she has supposedly fled, to recruit her atd in their own
quest.

Travel between Cairo and Alexandria is usually

ate, but the events of the past year ha
the co cities are approximately 180 kilo

‘The first and lase lengths of the journey are through
‘grassy scrub; the majority is through open desert. Mer-
chatts travel the road, and i is possible for the characters
to attach themselves ta a caravan, though they had
better be prepared to explain their inactivity during the
day

Despite humors of native brigands alony the road,
the characters are more likely to run into trouble with
opportunistic English. Soldiers disguise themselves as
bandits and raid caravans for booty. The moat notorious
of these men isa Captain "Handy" Jack Hannaford. You
‘may have Handy Jack and his lads attack the characters'
caravan to liven up the journey, The soldi
by day, but they prefer night to cover theit activities
Handy does nor like witnesses and offers no mercy to
those thar he robs — he hides thee bodies in a rocky
ravine. Handy hus eight accomplices
whom are armed with Jacob rifles and bayonets

There are other dangers along the road between the
sities, though. The charcters may suspect that the
Giovanni have dispatched wraiths to watch over
route for Marianna or themselves, Characters who weat

thar ghosts (actually Eeyp
) abound on the way to

Alexandria. The Giovanni have a sanall weaieh army at
their command or there is something else it work

The charncters may decide to ot
these dangers. Lord Harrington may have cautioned
that the Setites keep the road clear of Lupines — that
those who leave it are vulnerable to attack. And yer. cit
road travel allows the elders to go undeceete

an attack

ad yiwen

y hast.
Of courte, the characters are unaware
Giovanni's ghosts have been disippeat

at the
ng it Egypt. The

ters are in the country, but not necessarily that
the elders are on the road to Alexandria,

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Desert Travel

Desert rraveiin a logistical nightmare for vam

rites. The characters must pl any auch
expedition Fints there is the mutter of sustenance
The chatacters can carry blood in js or canter, but
wnt certainly require camels to carry the
amountmeeded. Blood spoils quickly outside the body;
blood carried soon-elots and fouls unless a character
Tknows a ritual to keep ic fsb. Human blood donots
may fullil the charageers' needs, but these niceds te:
quire provisions of their own. Furthermore, vessels
may resent marching through the desert with no pur
pene but fo feed bloodthinty monsters. Ghoul guards
may keep vesels i line and prevent thvem from digg
vp their masters during the day, bue the addition of
houls makes a caravan large

Shelter from the aun is another vital necessity and
difficult wo find in the slesert Chamcrers with Protean

a careful

3 (arch Meld) have lictke difticuley in, this: reyaed,
Those without jtshould being light-proof shrouds, andl
they should have themselves buried.

Alexandria

Founded by Alexander the Great in 332 BKC, Alexan:
driaserved asthe seat of power for the Greek Ptoleruies. The
City grew into a cencer of learning, urt and architecture
luting theit reign, Queen Cleopatra VII made the city rival
Ror but military power, and it fell to the
satus ofa large fishing village after her death. Alexandria
has recovered only seme of its former glury since the
completion of the Suez Canal

Both Egypeian and Greek ruins predominate Alexan+
dria, though there are also examples of medieval Chistian
und Muslim architecture. Great antiquities such as the
Pharos Lighthouse (one of the Seven. Wonklets of the
Ancient World) have collapsed into the sea. A mediev
Mariluksultan used che rubble of tobuikd For
Quit Bey. Furthermore, the city's Great Library, burned by
the Romans und partially rebuile by Cleopatra, bumed
second time'at Christian hands in A.D, 391 ivan assault on
"pugat intel

The city maintains a garrian of British soldicts. The
ttoops do not see much section in the fist half of 1848 and
Spend most of their time relaxing, drinking and stealing
souvenirs for home. However, the port is blockaded by

‘The Sun Has Ser


french and English ships in early summer and bombarded «
few weeks liter. Entry into the eity becomes mich more
dangerous once hostilines break out. Natives are outwardly
cain and

the city.
The influx of foreigners over the past 13 years has

ubled Alexandria's vampire population

2 Tonealor arsed
hould present thea

lithe characters mer with Aldema in Cairo, he told them

ultia. The city has no

have

ways "behaved.""‘T eeps an eye on Sahbot vam:

pies who introduce thy «does not have them
right.

The Dream Court

Jonna' court — te Dream Court — is hidden amang
at J rsque overlooking
cern har +, Lord Harringronor Alderna

may have told the characters where to find the princes"
‘The monique that stands sbove the court seems to have
been impresniveat one time, but now gmaspokes through its
‘onitonted by a handsome young Greek man who emerges
from the darkness. He introduces himself ay Antonius and
uaks the characters kindly to ilemtify themselves, If they
haniceees fnil i find the entrance ra the court. If the
characters comply and introdu 2, Antonis es
quent ¥ don blindiokds and follow him: he leads
them through » maze of ruined hallways. They then hear i
icraping sound as a hidden door opens. The door clases
fehind the priup, and the characters may remove their

€4hminate allway

are a deep Mediterranean blue and the floor is

eruleancblue marble with purple veins. The main court

ond is octagonal with a high-waulred ceiling, which is
porcthe structure, and free

rone that ts supported by dolphins an
Jockang wosnan with
and azme ev lon
souh and a scarab necklace. She holds a lapis ol capped
A as her synbol of oftce, sand she bas a serene expression,

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


: " Jonna says thar she believes at exists, yet does not know

aupects chey are lying. If the characters sect

Sit Wonca ie ty Ally: eal imac ay fone) ea
. I , Elders whodeckde to leave immediately trchase Marianna
- a nse etnies arenes ind w Baldesar may pick up their trails again in Caito, but they fail

dficult. Herthoughts slip away like

mportane information that's available in Alexandr

rabogre eat A hardned is evident in Iosina'svéice ithe charictens
nh shes to be le sea ask abut the region's Setites. She proclaims that they at
Like Mukdar Bey, lonna expects discretion from vant hrent ro all, but that she as ho cholee except ta allow
in wantaniy part of ntsile fet. chem in her city. There may be Setices in the city currently
q : drown bout lonna suggests that the characters avend contact wtf
am Court itself for the duration of thett say (up to: hem, Lonna shudders visibly if the characters mention the
ff c,sheauggrstaatavernniecarMontaza Bay. Fire Court. She tells them is the haven of the Stites and

Wi the characte nt themselves well, lonna is ixover 300 miles south of Cairo — through hard deser
Hing to anawer She reveals that a Glovanal neat the great tombs of Thebes (1 9dh-century Luxot) She
tains ¢ ciry a week ago uc fid:nge admits 'to having been captured and taken there thee
nunce themselves, lanna sent her servants to demand centuries ago and that she escaped with her sanity hace
uirpisniicamtha tren Coure-acd Beyscoalctarly lntack: An ute tees datas he
wast mawers to Jon's questions and she _tefs de nothing to raise the Serpents' te.
galininret sui ts takes calla the characters are free to do a they wish in Alexandria


Two Nights in
Alexandria

Characters who seek out other vampires learn thar
Alexandra ws primarily « Toreador art colony. A young
Ventrue merchant also operates out of the city, and ewes
Gangeel auvive in the surrounding desert

Chameters who discussed Lazarus, the Larnta oe Lord
Camden with fonna, or anyone else In the city, reeetve a
fmiest on their second night int the city. The visitor ap
proaches them, and may dy se anywhere you chocwe — at
the chatacters' hotel, in the desercoreven in the catacombs
eneath the city. The visior is a thin young European
vwoinan with a faine Austrian accent, which is strange in
these lands. She wears a blood-red tobe with black ivy
patterns woven throughout it. A hood and veil eonceal her
feanites except for her red, glowing eyes. The woman
corres cruelly carved seimirar on: helt, and she gr
cious declines ro give her name. Those who read her aura
decermine that she ts curious and suspicious

The woman explains that she miay be uble to help the
characters on their quest, but that they must not reveal
anything she shows them, Ifthe characters ace uncomimu-
hicative or antagonistic, the woman chastises them, "How
‘could ones such as you know ofthe lar of Lazarus?" and she
tums to leave. Only profuse apologies convince her to stay
and continue her business

The woman asks the chutadters about their interest in
the Giovanni and their intentions toward Marianna, If
they answer correctly (that they hare the Giowanni and
seek to help Marianna), oF they show hee the letter from
Lord Camden's crypt, the wornan leads them into the
desert on the eastern side of the city.

‘The woman takes the charactets to an open stretch of
desert beneath a statue of an ancient pharaoh. The night is
clear and shooting stars streak through the heavens. Four
shostlike female figures emenge ftom the dunes, each wear
ing: blood-red tobe like the original woman's. The
newcomers carry bows with block, barbed arcows, (The
arrows are tipped in a potent blood potion and do aggra-
sated damage.)

These heinys ate the descendants of the Lamia dis
cussed in Camden's lever, who are che remaining agents of
‘Clan Cappadocian who supposedly help enemies of the
Giovanni find Lazaris' haven. One of the four women
sides yracefully toward the characters. Het hands and skin
‘ne a dusky brown; her voice his a Bedouin tone. There is
a mystique of hoch age and power about her. She speaks
primarily to female characters, if there ate any.

This woman repeats the questions about the charac-
ters intent toward the Giovanni and Marianna, und she
watches intentlyasthe elders answer. Ifthetranswers please

hersshe marches herselfas "Omegs" andrevenkshet Marianna
‘has returned toCairoand tssecking the Temple of Lazana Omega
showsthechanctersanoldsemll ha lcatesthetombneat Lor
(disturbingly close to the Fire Court). The seroll ts writen it the
ancient Chaklean langage, but the woman ¢inalates. She
stunned if a chamecter knows Chaldean. Characters who went
through the events of Blood & Fire may recognise the xl'
seripe as similar ww thar of the Lith Fragment. This scroll is much

Oly Maby fates eld ase of ab
Shermer (1]o parun fark from thy bungee
tnt aff Race (2), sll seding Arsams thy
Qeveweee whe stabs hie ha (8). fe walle ole

devin. Ab eat mime bw
Me Qosarnnrarterge 0

roars halniing = shall lt by fuoenan tallews

pony low ane Why shane af fol

"9 Ions
Pipes enshio
Parget aiken Mabe "Moos io the vod of bones
(B) anv: srceete
ant ml fas

respannee, But Maly sheak bie hear ane oain,

will not fallone such pathy for ie te an af fenus
te owns,
Ole Mab tor

othe whe
oppression thaine. fallow oy p
Bor Maly op

27 of mp rawch™

= feel

bi spies

Vay tem east on ho lifes jah
hearer che of cAnadie (7). °F hove abecady walled
lang thang the lanre of reat mhat mers cam
pose bine shew mat" Thy wall erphars "Thewah
Fan abe, SF sill wissen the pout Horton
People ad pour meter ates premise nettang bur

my Ln

Aan ale APL Lasse ohne

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


rus is merely an incidental chatucter in this

ent, bur it till contains seven useful facts. Players

uke Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 8) or appro:

priate Lore rolls (difficulty 7). Charncrers decipher one

of the enumerated points in the text for each success. If

the players' rolls fail, Omega deciphers key elements.

Alternatively, the Storyteller may let the players discuss

the urtfact and figure i out for themselves before roll
tng

Boch number in the document indicates an impor-
tant clement

(L) Shemsu-Heru is a name used to describe most
Egyptian mutntnies.

(2) Duat ts the Egyptian land of the dead.

(9) Ka te the portion. of 1: mummy's spirit chat
‘remains att tomb to guard ity body,

(4) The Valley of the mes

(5) The Via Ossis or "Rood of Bones" was a path:
followed by many Cappadociims and is still followed by
some modem Giovanni,

(6) A Follower of Set.

(7) A werewolf, probably of the "Silent Strider"
tbe, No one bas heard of Amam the Devourer, but he
is apparently an unpleasant individua

Ascute players may realize that this scroll contains
information thar transcends the above elements. The story
speaks OF a toad with four mpecific directions (ie the
Thebes map). If the chatacters are able to determine one
point of the "compass," they should be nble to determine
the others hy default. Those who have studied a map of
Egypt know that a major toad nuns north>sourh along the
Nile hank, past Luxor (where Thebes once was),

The parchment does not indicate the direction in,
which Naebq was walking, so there are four ways th
characters may ovient this ap, OF course, itt possible that
the road is ancient and no longer exists, or that the roads are
metaphorical eather than real.

Omega can relate that the story was-scribed by an.
unknown Malkavian, but she doesn't kivow how he came by
the information contained in the parchment.

If the characters quote or produce an old copy of the
Lilith Fragment. Onea's glowing red oyee wid in shew
surprise. It may become evident (if it's not already) that the
women hate the Giowanni and curse them forkitling the last
of the Cappadocians — especially the Lamia, The women
may offer to help the characters in the future if the foreigners
wcem sincere in their hatred of the Necromancers.

The Litim

Characters who bave researched the
Giovanni extensively may know of an-obseure
bloodline attached w Clan Cappadocians the
Lamia. These varopires were almost exclusively
female, they worshipped Lilith and served Clan
Cappadocian toyally forcenturies. The Giovanni
‘hunted the Lamia down, along with the rest of
theclan. However, the Lamia established a legacy
— the Lill — before they all died out,

‘The bliss sasinall, female mystery cule that
worships Lilith and preserves the philosophies of
the Lamia. The women are heirs to much of
Lamia lore and have-cells in Alexandria and
seyeral other Middle Eastern cities. The cule
anaintaing  radition of complex tituals designed
ty hone the mind and body. The Lilim bear a
terrible hatred for the Gioyunnl, but they also
fear the Nectomancers' power (the women are
secutity conscious co the point of paranoia), The
Lifim do noe know it was nctually the Camarilla
that filled the last Lamia in the 18th century.
High-ranking Camarilla characters may recog
nize the Lili' ignorance,

‘The Lilim do not bring the characters ta the
ccul'shaven in the Kom asb-Shugqufacatacomibs
"There ts rio particular bad blood between the
Lilimatid the Sotites; but dluwaméshavesought
(unsuccessfully) to Keep their exivtence hidden
from the Serpents. The Lilim are suspicious of
both the Sabbye and the Camaril

Af one of the characters ts a woman and ts
knowledgeable about Lilieh, che Lilim may con-
sider her for rectuitment. The initiation process
takes at least n decade, and none of che cule's
‘secrets is taught until tharrine has past: Initiates
must also share in the Lillm's version of the
Vaulderie. All Lili have at least one level of
‘Necromancy, and mast of them have some profi-
lency with Auspex, Fortitude and Morus. (Foe
‘more on the Lamia, see Clanbook: Cappadocian
and Dark Ages Companion.)


The Road to
Luxor

There ate two ways toreach Lusurfvom Alexandtia
The first @ to travel sou im
Desert. Travel is difficult along this roure: There are no
toadsand no river to guide the chanucters for much of the
way. Furthermore, the Western Desert is Lupine terti
J there are also rumors of an Assamite temple in

nt. The only advantage to this eoute is that ic
haracters difficul

the path dangerous indeed, with

savage Lupine atticks, endless wastes and freak sand:

he Western

the Giovanni

Ieis more likely
(@ Calro and then hes
This ts the route th

the characters choose co return
south to Luxor along the Nile.
Marianna seems to have taken in

Valley of the Kings

Valley of
the Queens

her hunt for Lazarus' tomb, as revealed by the Lilim. If

the Giovanni continue to pursue Marianna, the charac

terrare a few days behind both p
rnust move rapidly ta close the
1 is over 300 kilo

set 10 400 kilometers

The journey to Lui
Wulture flies, but ¢
ters follow the tiv

There isa thin step
slong both side dl

of the Nile, the

inland. The
bank. Trave
hniny beevent
ide. Encounters can involve
red mosque to Lupine

the characters' 3

Lupine


The Sun Hi:

Set

Luxor
The East Bank

The characterysee great ruinson both sides of th
a they approach Luxor — a sleepy fishing village ow the
tiver'seast bank, built on the 4000-year-old ruins of ancien
Thebes. The rown hasvasingle mina
population. If the characters stay in town for n
night, the villagers notice their presence
ious (especially because the villagers sce the characters at
night). The only coun a
merch:

wd no apparent vampire
than @

strangers € two Caio

The villagers have seen an increasing number af ae
chacologists passthrough in recentdecades, butnone ishere
currently. The villagersdo not recall seeing anyone whe
Marianna's description, buta "large party" (the Rossellini)
passed through a few nights ago, They did not stay long and
the villagers give varying accounts ofthe direction in which
they departed

‘There isa certain dread chill mo Luxor Characters who

don Japheth's cloaks realize chat the entire area ix
necropolis, and they feel watched constantly

The only major road from the village continues along
the Nile and is called the "Comiche." The villagers say ics
quite ancient bur that thete isan even older road that tuna
c other side of the river, near the Valley
Of the Kings. The narives avoid this toad, thougiy they
believe itts haunted and used by bandits, The villagers add
thar two archacologistsset ont for the older road months 2x0
and disappeared.

Characters who start
detailed in Naba's story, find « number near the village
None of these intersections forms
cone deseribed in the story

heir search for crosseuds, 3s

n perfect crows like the

Four temples stand on the eastside of the Nile, on the
ae Luxor: Karak, Aman, Mut and the great Luxor

Temple. Any attempt to find "lost radi" among the ruins

orfartheroutin the desert pe

probably conclude they are searching on the wrony sid

the river. The only easy way across the Nile is by boat

The West Bank

The west bank has many
dloes, the clesest of which are dhree kilometers away
desert. There area few scattered lio
but none és more than a half-kilomerer inland.

tkonk

Churacters who head northwest coward the Valley of
the Kingssee the great Temples of Ramesyeum und Medinet
Habu looming on the left. There ate a number
in the area that all wind wildly, and none come
crossroads. The characters passthrough a series ofstcep hills,
a: they make their way further into the interior. Some of

id roads

Nabo's


these mounds reveal entrances to the forlorn tombs of old
nobles that were plundered Jong ago. Characters alto see
signs of an abandoned archaeological dig.

As the characters emerge from the hills, they come
across the massive temple to Hatshepsut, Beype'sfirstfernale
pharaoh. The temple is partially freestanding, the remain
deci carved into the side of a great cliff face. The cliff itself
extends less than a haif-ktlometer in etther direction; the
characters uce better off going around it than aver its

Nabq's
Crossroads

Inimedinely beyond Hatshepsut ci i che Valley of
the Kings. The termain is difficult in places, but an old road
runs parallel to che Ni the bortom of the valley. The
chatacters we several intersect cone that bisects
perfectly, thus fitting the dese Naka story.

The main road continues past the crossmads toward:
he wwuthwest and brings the characcers farther into the
Valley of the Kings: The opposite lengeh runs n
sscaight ine the desert, toward Catro, The tntetsecti
runs northwest into open desert and southeast back toward
Luxor,

The characters must now choose a direction in which
to travel in hopes of findig Lazarus' tomb — presumably,

od tepresented hy Lacan himself, whic
paths that Nabq refused to take in his story. The characters
haveno idea which direction Nabqwas traveling, and, thus,
they hove a one-an-foar chance of picking the path they

Northeast (Toward the Desert)

This rosd leads the characters into the desert over
several nights of traveling
‘You have the option of staging an encounter between
the charactetsiund the Giovanni in one of two places: hece,
n the deset, or i the Serie Fire Court (see the Giovanni
in the Fire Cour sidebar).
If the Giowannt are clashed with in the desert, they
biave taker this road in pursuit of Marianna, but they have
wther. The Rossellinisand their retinue seek shelter atone
point in caves thar line this road. The Giovanni ate bighly
paranoid over half of their wraith servitors have disap-
peared. They ate not taken easily by surpeise,s0 any ambush
arcempts must be planned masterfully,
The Giowanni try to avoid the charactors a this june
tse (though Baldesar is inclined to attack). Rosauta
nd Marianna before destroving the
gshave posted guards who reconnoi
ter by day and ghosts who are vigilane by night. If the
characters are spotted, the Giovanat send

Book Two:

Paths of the Dead


retainers to unearth the elders during the day: A daytime
‘bactle may occur between the Giowanni's ghouls und those
of the characters. The Setitey nrrive shortly theteafier to
collect the survivors and rake them into the Fire Covat

Alternatively, the eliaracters mny deteet that « large
purty was recently in this area; there are remaits of camp.
fires and signs of excavation, A character who finds a
‘persril posession eft belnd hy the Giovanni may gain.
clearer pictute of his enemies. There is little else of interest
‘on ths ro

aby ied this toad to approach the exosstoads in
is story

Southeast (Toward Karnak
Temple)

This road nuns for a few hundred yards and then ends
albcapttyata clilfnearthe Temple of Hatabeywut. The lights
of Luxor burn in the distance. The path' point almost
directly to Harshepsut's temple. However, characters with
econ eyesight (Perception roll, difficulty 5) see that it
actully points toward Karnak Temple on the other side of
the Nile

The path continues athe foot of the cliff and cra ut
the ruins of washed-out bridge over the river; Characters
who cross toward Karak also puss Luxor on their right. A

Jong avenue of sphinxes lies to the north of Kumak Termple,
and thw dors pass through a Roman aus

Characters who wear Japheth'sclonks notice that there
ate noghowtly presences it thi area. However, thowe elders

do gealise that they
waters The moon

ane sloshing through black, icy-cold
nnces wally acrons a landied ciples as
the surrounding mains (and any characters not wearing the
cloaks) fade ino blackness.

Asfaraseldersin the real worldare concerned, nothing
thas clucged heir comparuons sell quietly om the romps

oth. Characters wha have entered this oeher world cannot

‘contact the othery thar they have left bekinal

A cold rain batters the deeam-world characters; not
‘even Auspex nor Gleam of the Red Eyes cuts thrigh the
downpour. Amorphous shapes leap and spring about, and
the characters suffer a sudden nausea, Elders wh push
through the inky Water come to raised, yrimy stones.

A cig of haimy Blick trees bristles from the dry and,
A figure seems to step sidenty from one. of the thom
pillars. A black rope ie tied around his neck and seeins to
hold him upright as he Hitrally floats a few feet above the
‘round. The apparition appears to constr the characters
with his bulging eyes, anu i grin crookedly

This vision Is the Hanged Man, one of Rosaura'
temitining Spectre servants. The Giowannt had tracked
‘Marianas to the region of the crossroads bur didn't know
which path she had taken. Therefore, Resuura commanded
the Hanged Man to guard over this one to waylay Marianna,

should she appeat. The Spectre desesn't eave that moths
enemy of the Giovanni has arrived the spirit is happy to
its ol

"Ici unseemly forthe dead to walk as you, encased in

the spirit memes ast points st the characte.

"Lill strip away such pretensions and make you pure!" The

Spectre holds his hands out toward ehe characters, nd the

protrusions extend into monstrous, bladed pincher like

those ofa peayinyemumtis, The elawsmake the xxind af wont
being urshathe

The elders can confront the Spectre with whatever
Disciplines or strategies they wish, The creature is fast wo
attack and uss its control ofits realm coconfuseand disorione
the characters. The Spectre becomes increasingly spidedike

is the battle progresses, hut (t retains (1s human vivage and
tnocks the characters with their imminent "purification,"

Ifthe Spectre manages to "Kill" schuracter, she losestwo
points of permanent Willpower and her seal-woeld best
enters torpor for the remainder of the might. After she
recovers, the victim suflers ongoing miglatmures about the
Hanged Man flaying her alive

If the characters defeat the
Charsctersretuen tn theirhesdioe
change of surroundings

AA daring or perver chaucter tay try to drink the
Spectre's blood before ic ides completely. The varmpire fel
tnfwed by soine thick, cold veiiom, She serv: Japhed
cloaks and molt snd drop from her body like a dead cocoon,
‘The character falls nto torpor as des vamypite who akilled
by the Hanged Man. However, a character who fed on the
Spectro realize over the following nights thar she con nc
see wraiths without Japheth's cloaks

Karnak Temple

Karak js momimental and impressive. The temple
fhouors Aamun, Thebes sun yok
burning sensation thar growsmare intense by the moment. H
the characters do not leave soon ofter, they lose one Health
Level per rum until destroyed.

‘Characters who observe the temple through Jupheth's
cloaks see atlury of motion. Large shanty ti
all sides, seemingly frown thin ait. The appaitions ae howe
inv hervy cloaks and cloying shadow, bur black jackal heads
ateapparent. Lhe creatures rush sbout in apyarent contusion
as they seem te battle unseen assailants. They do nit notice
the chamcters and any attempts at contact ore futile, The
beings are the mindless spirits of werewolves who hu
hound to the seca as wraiths, forever denied their
afterlife

(Characters who interpeet Nuba's story tay take these

hat Naba ac
ompaied from the crosiixis. Thus, they may guess that
Lazarus' tomb lies on the upponite,northynst road — in the
direction in which Lazarus stood in the story

petty, it dissolves slowly.

are disoriented by theit

Tharacters who enter feel

tes appear ot


The Hanged Man

Background: This Spectre was a murderer and
‘horetic in life who killed seven priests before being sent
to the gallows. The Hanged Man i now a powerful and
malignant Spectre that serves Rosaura Rossellint

Physical: Strength 7, Dexterity 5, Stamina 7

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

‘Talents: Alertness, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 5

Skills: Melee 3, Stealth 4

Knowledge: Occult 3

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Chimerstry 4, Fortitude 3,
Obfimcate 1, Visitas 4 (Spider Foren)

Willpower: §

Image: The Hanged Man wearsa simple black rote.
His head lolls horribly on his shoulders. The rope that
"huarigs" him reaches into the air and ends abruptly; iis
bitached to nothing. The Speesre ean ake assume a
hhuge, sickening spider form with» human face, and it
spins hanging rope instead of webbing.

Health Levels: OK, OK, 1,1,

Southwest (The Fire Court)

If the characters travel inti the Valley of the K
their rood breaks into a number of winding paths throug
‘amazeof ravines. High cavern walls tise on all sidesand the
tooonlight casts eerie blue shadows, A few paths have
tombs along them, like huge Bluck mowths gaping from the
lift sides, These openings may reveal fantastic minting
con the walls of tombs, but nothing else. The characters
‘route eomestoadead end asthey mand acomer. The walls
are higher here than anywhere else in the maze, and the
cul-de-sac is east into piteh-black darkness. Suddenly, the
sand ar the elders feet hegins to glow a pale blue anda cold

‘Two figures emerge from thie darkness and confusion
alert, and he huts large red scorpion tnttoo eve
Hoy longbow is aimed at the lead chi The other
figure is a tall, regal woman wearing a gold and tapi
hheaddress: Her skin i like potished black onyx; she has red

The two ate Gi
WF che charocters met fac
Jocalo in Blood & Fire, they may have
two in his coterie. (Such a meeting probably occurred just
before the

tites beat the characters senseless.)

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


The Sun Has Ser

the elders do not attack immediately, the w
speaks, "Lam the Messenger of Count Jocalo. Who are you
and why do you trespass on our

Characters present during the Great Fire might con
sider this question a litle
hisminions trashed large sections uf London in 1666. [his
‘occasion isbrought up, the Messenger pronounces that they
were merely retrieving their "property" and does not labo:

‘The Messenger smiles — not unpleasantly — at chat
thernvelves politely. If they explain
pat they are locking fo something, she inquires os to what
itis Thecharactersmayaskabe th
to which the woman confirms thar they are both neat.

cr that they seek La
ose hy, adding almost 2s an afterthought that tis
on Sette bands

haracter te wzirus' tomb, she say

This last revelation raises a distus

ig concern: If the
characters want to continue thelr mission, they have to deal
with th

Characters who simply curn back as if 10 leave Secite
lands (located to the southwest and northwest of the eros.
roads) are free
ak

Northwest, below, for details on both options)

Northwest (Lazarus' Tomb)

The northwest tail leads inter open desert: Moonlit

Setites in one way of another

do s0. The characters may als artark ot
deal with the Setites to

nein thelr search (see

sand dunes tipple out before the characters like waves feezer
in mideswell. This road leads to Lazarus! vomb, though
reaching the place is nor a marter of walking

The characters ure confronted by Jocalo's agent gain
(or for the first time, ifthey were not encountered

This meeting is similar to the one described ubove — the
charactors are faced

The elders have several options: They can retreat to
plan their strategy, they can attack and risk the conte
quences, or they can negotiate with the Setites. The Setites
leeehe characters re

meersof Setdornit harass

n difficule, if
ree highly
misce named Alexei, who hides nearby. The
Messenger of Jocalo disappears in bartle and wes her Disc
plines to distort the characters' sense of reality. (She casts
illusions se thac they mistake each fo
Meanwhile, he rack nccording
to theit specialtic

-ompaniens move in nd

Victorious Seuites do not kill the characters; but they
take themasprisonerstothe Fire Court. I'spossible that the
Setites may caprure some characters while others escape
Those outside the Fire Court may have to attem
mission, IF the characters hegin eo win a butt


opponents retreat fsck t6 the Fire Court. The churacter
‘may now travel in any direction they choose, but they soon,
face the wrath of the assembled Fire Court. The characters
may have time to reach Lacarus' tomb but it s unlikely that
they have the opportunity to explore it befare the Setites
mie ir great numbers,

The characters can abo attempt to negotiate with the
Setites. Jocalo's memenyper tells theen thet omy talks must
‘uke place in the confines of the Fire Court. She guarantees
thar the elders may leave the haven at any time. Ageeeable
character ate yiven black leather hands to wear. The boos
beac strange hieroglyphs wee have w light acrid mill that
grows more intense with time (suming that characters
breathe). Characters who put these on discover that they
cannot project mentally of we telepathy. Characters who
ater the Fire Court voluntarily are moked to leave thelr
retinnes outside the tended 19 — without harm —by the
Series. The Serpents lead blind characters gently, The
thier experience a larry of sensations — blowing winds,
incunierable turns, animal sounsls. Sere of these are rea,
others te illusory

The Setites roughty bind characters who attack and
lose. Prisoners ate also taken to the Fire Court in hoods,
vluich, concain strom avetal njouth retains thas prevent
the prisoners from bicing through the cloth, Alexe! molds
prsaners' hands toyether behind their backs with their own
skin to prevent escape. The Setites brutally suppress any
mcempes at rebellion and desve chsasactees hw cesie to
torpor by hammering wood stnkes through their hearts.
Alexei and Glycon are adept at causing great pin 0
Kindred. Alexei, in particular, cokes delight in draining the
chassctervof thet bleed. The Mesenger stan aloo

The Fire Court

fm eery well acqusinied with the seven deadly sns
U keep a busy schedule trying to fit them in:
Ir proud wo bo stator and I don't hae time for slxk
1'm greedy and I'm angry and f don'cave who I ross
— Warren Zevon, "Me. Bail Example"
‘The Fire Court is the centuries-old haven of Egype's
tes. I has been dedicated to Set and eomuption since its
creation. The vampires who reside there use i as a nexus
from which to foment dissent, €0 undermine the efforts of

other Cainites, and to spread their own influence
‘The Setives are fully aware of thet haven's

urround-
{nig othe riches that may still be stofen ftom che tomb of
the pharaohs; and, of the potential power that hes within
Lazarus' tomb, Rather than clnim these prizes for them
selves, the Setites leave them be, to let them serve as
temptations for other vampires to dare the desert and Ie
lured into the Serpents nest. Thus, i i thar the characters,
Marianna and the Rowellinis come to Egypt and find
thenelverat the merciesof the Followersof Set. The devert

with secrets, prises and games,

learning the characters' narutes and teampting them 10

compromise themselves. Only the elders' moral resclve can

‘Keep them fromfalling othe Settee' foul taint, while vthers
's Jeft of thelr souls

iracters who enter the Fire Court of their free will
Near a great metal dace swing open and clang shut behind
them with an echo of finality. The characters are

deep underground they
Messengerof Jocalo and Gljcon tet
though, asthey pas the characters on
a simple white robe who ciarries a torch and bids the elder
to follow. The torch casts an eerie orange light over many
paintings on the walls, These pairvcings' images os patty
cryptic, bur one depicts a great black serpent devouring the
sun. Aftera few more twists and turns, the charactersfinally
‘see pale firelight at the end of the tunnel.
Characters who are brought into the Fire Coury force
‘see none of these things. Their hoods are not removed, and
they're probably unconscious until they're roused in che
huven's throne room.

The Throne of Neferu

The ninnel leads to a great room ex
sone. Six huge statues of men and women with makes
coiled around ean serve us pillars, holding the vaulted
ceilingatoft The statues expressions are of either ecstasy
agony. The ceiling is veiled ky shadows that wem to ripple
with a life all their own; characters with keen eyesight
tealize that cuvedstakes cover dieentie ceiling, Dosersof
teal snakes slither anound the rooms as well

Torchessputcerficfllyalony the walls, their br
unequal tothe taskoflightung the reat hall. Over 30hurman,
figures — guards and slaves — around the throne
tom's peritueter. The Messenger and Glycon sppear here
again, 0s do five others who seen to be vampitex

‘A large, circular fire-pic is near the center of tive room,
Aestire bursa jhastly green andemits mn ininxicarin tums
[Behind the fire isa dais. Stairs lead foorn the dais tou colled
stone cobra thar syreads its hood over a golden throne. in
frontof the ditone isa powerful bald mat inthe green and
old ceremioiial robe o sits behind
hum. She can be no sore than 14 year ok! in mer
appearance, hut she radiates an nura of unimaginable age
ind power, Her unearthly beauty sini
‘horacters' minds, and playersiot Toreador mist rol for the
clan weakness (difficulty 6) or stare fascinated at het, The
sor wears white robe bound in intricate designs by Black

from sand:

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


sand ed brocade. A graceful golden cobra wraps around her
lefrarm. A silver necklace with asingle red stone adomsher

"The vitier beckons the characters foward, saying, "L
1am Sobek, third vessel of Princess Neferu, Welcome, hon-
cored wpplicants. You have traveled far to find us." Histone
mixer even mensures of lrlly disdain, polite welcome and
nuspicion. Even characters with low Etiquette can guess that
the Setites expect them to bow. If they doo, Sobek beams
with pleased superiority. If they do not bow, the Setites do
rot puriue the iswe, but the characters initiate the poor
‘remmenc that they may receive thereafter.

Sobek sks the chatactets their teaions for coming 10
Eaypt, ff chey are inthe court voluntarily, they have dis-
cussed theiequestwith the Mesengeralteady-Sobeeexplains
thot if the characters want the court's "asistance," they

Ht and passa test for each favor they desire

ines entertains no mone than four requests and the

acters must also spend wn abdiional night before the
in accutdance with Sets traditions."

The chansetery' primary aussion és probubly tw find
Lazarus' haven. The Setites tell tem the tomb is lose by
aod long abandoned. If the chatacters sk why the Setitex
have nt broken into the tomb themselves, Sobek scowls,
"Lazarus played and won, curs his bones!" The Setites do
‘not expand further on theit relationship (if any) with the
Cappadocian other than to say, "Hf not for such a place, we
wow kl nat ave guests such as yourselves."

Character' secondary motives that they may pursue
here include finding Marian, the Giovannt and elues to
the Simm Fragment. Some characters may have other
things they want as well, hur the Serites reject ridiculous
resqucats out of har Characters must stay with the Series
‘one night for information on each subject that they pursue.

Sobek promites "we know of them all too well."

If the chameters come to the Fite Court against their
will, they suffer rough handling by thete captors (the char-
actets were trespassing. ater all). The elders awaken in the

vr' theme foo, the taste of blood en theie lips. They
sill wear the hoods —sothey arestill lind — but nothing
obstructs their mouths. The floor around them is soaked
with enough spilled blood ro clear their minds (assuming
chuargerets delan to Lek the flacr). bur the
blood to heal these wounds

A character who refuses wodink ftom the floors force:
feu from the wrist of Glyeon. The blood surges throuigh the
character like fire and she snaps to complete awareness

Sobek hooins, "Bow before the queen of Serpents!" If
any of the characte refupes to asuine 4 kneeling pasition,
Gilycon hacks off their logs with his seimiar. Sobek makes
the vame offers iu he dee to valuntary guests, but the
‘eaptuted charactersure playing game of lif and death, not
simply one wis

‘The Sun Has Set

Corrupting the Characters
"The Setites!sole purpose in bringing the charse=
ters —and all chit they capture — to the Fire Court is
tocorrupt chose individuals. The Setites eck pawns to
spread their influence throughour the world snd hope
to tum the elders to thew favor. The: rwraprion
Process occurs magically over the nights that the
characters spend at te Fire Court, Hieroplyphict on
walls throughout the place bend dhe character! wills
Thownanuyically. This ever, combines! wich poe.
soned blood thar che Setites feed the characters during
their stay, operite 10 break the charactery' spirits
‘The Comupt Soul Rinsal yidebar details the ef
fects of the Setites efforts; charicters' Natures or Pathe
maychange the moe in keeping with Sette phil
phy, and they may lone Humanity. All of these effects
‘can be temporary oe permanent.

Voluntary Guests

The Sericessay twill uke thi remuinderofthe evening
{to prepane the tests, so the characters may entertain thiems
selves-in the incerim: Sthves shew the Vishork 20 orulent
guest chambers. Entertainine hooks 1 musical in
struments ts availble, but the hosts inmtruct the characters
not to fraternize— feed, thatis— too mueh with the slaves
‘The Setitesclam thatthe charactersimustesnain "pure for
the tests; and all non-Kindeed retainers are cared for i
sepanate wing, The Serites promise rotreat them well und to
‘soc tamper with mortals

Strange occult hierojlyphics caver the walks of the Fie
Court, and a skilled Thaumanurgise (cated 3 or higher) may
realize that the place has a magic energy to it. An educated
character eho studies the miarkingscarefully —Inrelligerce
+ Occult (difficulty 9) — realizes that they ae signs of
comuption.

The Setitesullow the chamcters to vauder their nest
charnber. Ir consists of a series of persoruil apartments in a
single wing overlookinga large common ream. Inthe center
of the communal area és goldery statue of a muscle
jackal-headed man (Set) holding a long spea. Saull fires
and a spring-fed pond surround the statue

The characters may relax or bathe in perfumed waiters
washing off the grime of the road. The sooms and the
cominon ares ate opulent, but distressing' full of large
snakes, The serpents slither ehroueh holes in the walls,
traveling freely from room to roam. Snakes alo nest facil
around the statue of Set andl warna themselves by the fires:

The chamcters are the-only guests. other than the
snakes; in thisimea, though they ean summon 1 servant by
cinginga bell. A single slave appearsanil performs his tsk
never looking up to meer the elders eyes, The slave answer


walchumbery, but the hosts do nor empty the com- pends laxgely uni past en ck
anes. prised by his appearan
The characters are noe allowed to leave thelr guest reserved, but open Marian

wiotherules ofthe confide her complete th

ives. She reiterates the rule doesn't know any move (and poral
he remains calm and reasonable at all times role, see the Marianna in the Fite Cou

Book Two: Paths of the L

Characters may think twice aboue drinking Setite The firse wing contains the characters retanets (and


Hyoudecide that the Giov: guests of the Seti
as well, having pursu and been ¢ they
rein the third wing, The exploring character sees Baldewr
pace angrily, while Rosaura seems contemplative. Baklest
more receptive. The Rossellinis have learned through thet
own means that the characters and Mariana ace in the

court-Ronauta adinies openly thar her wing's centerpiece |
plain, black-basalt column —repels her wraith agents. She

ia therefore inclined ro discuss any alliances that she anal the
‘characters might make against their hosts. (F
sibtioge' we here, see che Giovanni 1 the

Theexploring cha
ould
and she may search the now-empty throne root. St

ter may also see aroom with many

offinlike cells (which, eather chan

fences a soul-aumbi

skull. Th

‘trespassing character with the ssime burning im 7

clunracters can find. Th
Fire Court without Sette
Impossible t

fore, it appears that leavig dh

Involuntary Guests
befove Princess Neferu. The characters are

their hood still in place and their hands still Ales
ogether. The cells are a ft

prevent vampires from

‘hance to escape at this point. Any character who manages
to fee his hand suffers four non-scakable Health Levels ot
dam

of the characters is a Tsimiser sl
have been bound, but

However, if on
notices that

meshed skin that ean be broken with only
Alexe} Flesherufts the chara

ial job of it for any other character who
Sargon Fragment. Indeed, Alexet may eve
offer tn help the characters if they have revealed an interest
in finding the Freer

Alexet isan agent of the Setites, bit he is interested in
working with them onlyastongas tserveshim. Finding the
agment and gaining its power ix much


importane co him chan any deal he has made with the
Setites. Ifa. character exposes Alexei's overtures to the
Senites, the Serpents refuse not to believe her.
Imprisoned characters each receive a visit from the
Messenger of Jocalo on the frst night. She firmly putsdown
‘any attacks a character makes, but abe does not cause undue
jain. She removes the metal mouthpiece and tilts the
Shuacter's ead back 90 ca fee may cexetve hood rons a

sold cup. The Messenger is quick to seal each character up
again. Each player must make asuccessful Self-Coatol roll,

Each character receives only on
ismissing limbs, in which ca
grow the limbs back,

fa character refuses to drink, the Messenger promises
that the blood is not deugyed (it n't). Ifa character sll
refuses to drink, she splashes the vitae under lis mash, The
player must make a successful SelfCionerol roll for his
character to eesice drinking.

Otherwise, imprisoned characters hallucinate in their
tombs and hear menacing laughter an the yuna of sakes

lood Point, unles he
we receives enicnigh Blood to

(difficuley 10) of her character undergoes a futile frenzy in

coiling in their brains.

Giovanni in the Fire Court

Baldesar and Rossura Rossellini tracked Marianna te) Egype before the charicters even arrived there
Marianna wos in search of Lazarus' tomb and the vecrets of the Sargon Fragment, just asthe charactes are.
Marianna's search led her right tito the clutches of the Fise Court, and the Rossellini siblings followed her in
the same trap.

‘You have the option of making the Roselliis "guests" as cig characters ate, oof having the Gjovatini till
broad in the desert in search of the missing Marianna. If the Rossellinis and cheir entourage are Mill free, the
characters may meet them in the vicinity of Nabq's crossroads, as demiled previously. That encounter
undoubtedly leads to afight one that the Setites are aware of. The Serpents being the weakened vi
‘both combatants (your discretion) into the Fire Court by force. Glovanni or characters brought in this w
considered prisoners and are held in the eoffin-tombs for disturbing the peace on Setite lands. The Serpents
‘utwardly seck to settle the dispute that che characters have, bue they secretly strive to corrupt one of both
pari.

If you decide thar the Rossllinis have arrived at the Fire Couet before the characters do, they are treated
as "welcomed guests," The Setites already have Marianna, the Giowanni's quarry, und they use her ax bait to,
‘corrupt the Romans, js well as the characters,

Indeed, if the Ctovanms are in the Fire Court, the Serttes subject them tv the sme tests thar they do che
characters. The Giovanni's prite is Marianna. Hf the characters find our about the Giovanni's presence, the
‘Sctites confirm thar they are undergoing their own series of rests, and even convey that the Giovanni vie for
possession of Marianna,

To heaghten their entertainment, the Sctites measure the characters and the lov: simultaneous
tn the same tests: Not only do the characters have to impress the Setites on the Serpents! ese terms, but the
characters have to outdo their Roman rivals.

If the characters' first prize was not Marianna, and they learn that the Giovanni are prosent and ace
contending for her, the characters may change their prize. The Setites don'e care; they just want to keep the
foreigners around as long as possible o corrupt them to the clan's ways. The Giayarini might even stay after the
first test df dhe Setites mention Lazarus' tomb and the chance to gain access to it

‘You must decide how the Giovanni deal with the Fire Coutt. Baklesar is brash enough to believe that he
‘can enjgge the Setiteson their ewn tuf and win, (He andl Giycon hate each other at frst sight,) Baldesar may
alo try to eliminate the competition — the characters — if he has the opportunity. He could attack them in)
‘ny ofthe tests in which the vampires compete. If Bakdesar strikes, Nefens and her court appeat from nowhere,
subdue him and spologize to the characters. They then throw Baldesur into Duat (sce below) wo enjoy Alexels
‘ministrations, If Ballesar challenges a Sette (most likely Glycon), the Serpents open an impeomptu court and
Fermit iim to fight for his freedoms in cheic arena (see The Arena). The Setites invite the characters to watch
this spectacle

‘Rosauca is cautiously diplomatic it te coutt, and she tries to sain her objectives by playing the Serpents!
game, She isteceptive o discussion of analliance that will fee herself and her brother, and Rosaura is loyal «
the charncters only as Long as it suits her purposes.

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Marianna in the Fire Court

{ithe chamcters manaye m contact Marina, she is hay to se tvem if past relations were good. Ihe hasn't
mot them before she iscautious bar istensto what they have w say. (She isuspicious that their overturesate a Stite
trick.) Mariannnisnot.a contestant asthe characters and the Giovann( ate, but she relates wich bitter irony hat the
isu "prize" wo he won.

‘Marianna explains past events to charseters who cait make contict with'her. In 1847, she discovered that
Monsicue M: of Barcelona had ubcess to informacion about Lazarus' tomb, She went wo Spain, with the Giovann|
con het heels, to "persuade" the magician to pare with the information. He wat unconperative and she forced the
papers from him. She fled Spain with her prise, bat not before meeting with the mad prophet, Anatole, The
Matkavian foretold the characrers' coming (assuming they went through The Aneshexeton prelude), and Marianno
entrusted a letter to hen in hopes of meeting thea ina year's time

Arbeogino himself stalked Marianna in| Londan anu forced her to flee the city before she could meet the
characters. She chen joumeyed to Egypt with a companion ro explore further leads om the Sanson Fraement, She ran
stout othe Cairo Ghibert, wh killed her companion and hurt Marianna severely:

Discouraged by her defeats and constant flight, Marianna went deep into hiding for decades, until she hoped
«hut elie Giovanna would lse track ofher. They didn't leseher completely and picked uphes trail whet she avenged
ter frien's death by killing the leader of Caitu's Ghibert,

jana finally ed to Luxor to find Lazarus' toms bur she Was taken captive by the Setites, who
1 of the Giovanni and the chiseeters. She cautions that the elders should nor trust the Setites,
is knowledgeable on many subjectsand is less erypeic than Darga Syn, She explains ta Lcirus lived
a Caprice monastery on Land traditionally held by the Setites (whe claim the encise wess hank of dhe
Nile). Lazarus ceportedly entered the Five Court for five nights several centutics ago, but Marianna knows nothing
‘of what transpired.

She abo recounts dream in which a black bird carrying carrion flesh flew 1 Lasunie' Coptic monastery:
Marianna interprets this dewam to moan that Laswruxtcturned tobis havea recently. (Mariarina is correct — Lazarus,
‘poniigas ue Capuchin, returned othe church with none other than Augustus Giovanni to inter the Antediluvian's
murdered childe, Claudius. (See Clanbook: Giovanni for details on these events.)

Marian may bea font of information on other matters. well, but abe cmutions that not even telepathy may
Iboasate form of comtmunicition ia this Wden of vipers." She delays any seniousdliscussion of Cappadccius, the Sangim
Fragment or yporticosts until chey leave the Fire Count — the chatacters must, therefore, play the Setive gaan to
Win Marianna in onder to continue their personal quest:

icipated

In general, any additional requests thar the characte.

The Five Tests

ergo the Serpents' tests
information they want must spend it least

Characters who agree t
to gain ¢
two nights — and five ae the most — in the Fire Court.
J deceptively simple. If the characters came to
oart voluntary, they may leave at any time they
choose. The Follawers of Set have designed each test to
explore and exploit the characters! moral strengths and
weaknesses Refusal to finish a test by any character
mean they all fail and must att leave. There is no prite
for the first night, which & the ceremonial preparation

make along the way require another night's sty. No matter
hhow many fvorsthe charsctets request atthe beginning, the
Secites ty to increase the number by offering axklitional
Incentives for them to stay (see Incentives)

Characterswho ate keprin the court agaitwt theiewillare
lhepe in eofinlke celta The Sxsives Keep acm chained ar
near torpor, giving them only stall snnaunts of blood before
cach tet.

‘The fact that che characters and the

dhe suane texts does not mean thatthe sides re equal. Ifthe
Giovanni are there willingly and the characters arenes, the
Giovanni may acquire what they wish and dept long before
the charveters can eum their freedom. Ifthe circumstancesare
revered dae chatacters inay rack up ther prices and go betore
the Giovannt can escape. Otherwise, itisa horse ice anda
guessing sane,


Although the Setites lay down certain "rules" for the
teume, they have great respect foe characters who find
ingenious ways to cheat. Despite their deserved reputation
for guile, the Setites keep their word in most inseanices (at
Jemst a tt pertains 10 the tests) and seem almost frighten
ingly honest

The order in whieh the tets ure ran depend on how
inany thvors the charactetsask ofthe Seties. All chatacters
undergo the eventsof the first night, which sem like bizarre
entertainment offered to the characters, but the events ate
octually mdicators of thetr manures and virtues, lf the char-
_actets intend to stay for jut two naghts — hey want ony
‘one favor — run the events of The Fourth Night (Da
theirtest-Ifcharactersstay three nightsor more, youcan run
any of the textydescribed below,as long as The Fourth Night
tsstayed betore the characters leave

Player Options

The five vst are high-stakes grmes. Founmng the
characters through all five nights may have sory and
character implications long after events at the Fire Qourt
are passed. Decide how far you want to take the teses
Lownplay the james if you want the overall plot of this
hook toproceed;thecharacterscan leave inanihtortwo.
Playupthetess four sume sn venue fee woleplayinys the
restycernunly offer an opportunity for players to strut their
stuff indeed, the players may make the decion for yin,

deciding ro gee whar they need and eave immediately,
to undergo all ofthe tess — doing the latter us an act of
defiance agains the Setites, of out of sheer grea

‘Cluracters who cumpete againn, the Glovania
win Marianna and other prises have afew oprions avail
able to them. The Sette rules ar flexible. Wf winning 4

Frc means making the compention Keak bad, then
chorocees can tae their Diciplince ve "cst" vt con
foun the Rossellini The setusl ploy the characters we
‘supeothe players but you, playing the cole ofthe Series,
should overlook almost any undechanded tactic short of
‘outright combat,

Buldeser resort to violence when guile p
azod he» taken away by the Giovani as discret the

cane in the Fiee Cont" sidehae. Rowen i mone
cunning and uses her Disiplines to make the characters
look tad whenever posible. She might; for example,
dere chat one of er wraiths attend her in the eourt: I
probably memes losing the services of the sprit forever
(dluetothe proximityofthebwmaltcolumnintheGiovanni's
quite), hut it ighe mean learning the characters' plans
snadvance, and undermining thems.

Fortunately, forall contestants, the Setites repost
Creativity; cheating to make a competitor look bad aly
falses the status of an opponent in their eyes,

The First Night

The festivities of the first night are not officially part of
the tests: They are described as "hoypitalicy" by the Setives,
who allow the characters to meet and speak with the
Serpents' slaves, and to otherwise entertain themselves and

vovin strengeh before thw acta
wave the chatacters wetivities 0

1. bn truth, the Setites
ths sigh «0 fear chet
moral strengrhs and weaknesses.

Youmust decide whether the Giovanni ace present for
these festivities If they are, this iy an opportunity for the

acters to scheme with them (9 attack the Setites, ora
chance forthecharacterstomatch wis with the Rossellinis

Guests and prisoners of the Fire Court ure created
differently on the first night. Guests' experiences are de
sectibed fiete. Prisoners' experiences are describes inder
*Unwllirys Guests."

Characters who are in the court voluntarily ate at
tenided w by aslave in a ceremonial robe shoety after they
awake. The slave brings them to the main hall whete rw
tows of beautifil men and women await them in modest
white ruber and gold sabe. A Setite wornan of surpassing
beauty introduces henselfas Seyla. She weary a forzn-t
silken yellow dress with aChinese dragon pattem on it
smiles atthe chamecters, her eyes lingering on thet hun.
urtily. Her voice sends a sensual shudder down theie undeax!
spines.

"This is not a test, but refreshment before the tests
begin. Each of these slaves is highly skilled tn bringing
pleasure ro our kind. In addition to fleshly delights, ehey are
well-versed in many subjects. Some sing. Others are of «
more scholarly bent. Go among them and choote as many
as you desire, Ifyou must kill, choose only from the vecond

"The charucters may question the slaves. who ate wetw
inely enger to serve, No matter what a character's interests,

‘slikely char one of the slaves shares toa certain degree
Some ot the slavesare ghouls, others are human, The olest
thena tr Hector. 300-year-old ghoul who appears 10)

bea 17-year-old

(Aaracters may refuse 10 minye with th

ites donot force them to. However, that ef
ch alee thi: ch

the characters are n

slaves; the

with the humas
mined.

Seylaexplains thar she fs not allowed to pi

churacten' entertainment, but that she might enjoy their
company another night (if they stoy). Rather, she calls fort
two beamtifl Egyptian chiken, a boy and ith, who wear
the golden robes ef favored slaves. They appear to be
slightly younger dats Not hrtell and look limont ele,
with igh cheek bones and slightly tspered ears, They have
luxurious black hair and light-brown skin that glows like
bumished bronze in the low firelight. High, thin brows

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


frame eyesthat flicker gold and orangeasthe children regard
the characters with an unbearable serenity. Thase wha read
their minds discover thar the chikicen ate in w state of
ecstasy, virally above the world itself, Toreador must
receive successful Willpower rolls (difficulty 7) to divert
themselves from the faxcinaring children.

‘Scyla explains thatthe twin slaves! blood courses with
a potent drug kxioirn ai som the drug has a mystical
component that may reveal certain truths, She claims the
substance is harmless. Some, all or none of the characters
may choose to drink from the delicate young slaves. Even
the most vicious of Sabtue ate Gvercome by the pleasurable
rush of the blood and cannot ravage the children's throats.
Seyla has the pair sued away afterall the characters have
bhad a chance to drink. (See the Soma sidebar forthe drug's
efits.)

Scyla departs after the children do, leaving thecharne-
ters to thei leisure. The urea is partitioned into 2 series of
opulent rooms of varying size and decor, apparently afford
ing characters privacy if they desire it, The rooms and balls
are lined with tapestriesand great works of art by human and
empire masters, Eunuchs stand guied, but their role is
strictly decorative. The pleasure slaves comply to even the
‘most outrageous demands. They seem to genuinely love
their Setite master, though they fel some feae as well. (If
‘character forces slave to act against the Setites, the slave

hhas violent seizures.) Slaves answer questions about the

tives, but their responses are somewhat limited. They
believe they are the beloved Children of Set and that the
Setites are thetr goals

The saves are of the Series' highest caste: their ereat-
estfearis of demotion to the lower ranks, oF of going to Du
(the Underworld). If the charactery ask where Duat is, they.
tell hem it isbeyond the great onyxdoor, None oftheslaves
knows what is actualy there: No one ever returns

Characters who drink from the slaves discover that
their blood has the same spicy quality as did the blood fed to.
them in cups earlier.

‘The Setites do not interfere if the characters inistreat
theslaves, even if they kill a ghoul from the first or third row,
(The insight the Setites yain from the test far outweighs
their slaves' value.) Anything ts open game, and Sabbat
characters may tla thie apgvwminiey eo follow some af tale
Jess humane instincts.

Characters who decide to enjay the fleshly pursuits
offered by the Setites find chat the slaves are everything
that was promised and mote. The eldet vampires are
accustomed to the idea of humans as playthings, bue the
‘Setites' slaves exceed anything they have ever experi-
enced, The characters may he tendet or brutal, according
rotheir whims It isaleo pouible that the night's catcceain-
‘ment awakens the Lover in any character who is porsessed
by the Spectre. After 400 years, mast vampires are long

The Sun Has Set

beyond caring what their human partners feel. Orhery
however, may use the experience asa chance to reaccusitt
themselves with the beauty and fragility of moetality

Characters bent solely on pleasure may gaits more
than they hargained for. The slaves are well-versed in
pleasuring vampires, They can employ techniques and
fate oils that bring a fush of life hack ro che grayest skin
‘Nosferatu and other less "aesthetic" characters note chat
all of the slaves are beautiful and may decide that the
enntite exercise is w hollow one. Ironically, the uglier the
character, the more that some of the slaves seem to be
attracted to him. Most of the slaves are versed in the
most perverse of vexual practices, human or vampitic:
Others are young, inexperienced or even virginal. Char:
incters may feel their long-dead hearts beat agaln and
sense Gi hor blush freckle their skin

‘A great wash of nostalgia accompanies reawakened
senses, Flashes of the characters' human lives, long
buried in darkness, pass through their minds. These
flashes may delight some and repulse or distuth others
The characters alsofind thar the slaves are highly recep:
tive to the use of Disciplines (-2 difficulty on all rolls
Involving the slaves),

Several partitioned cooms are filled with erote
clothing and sexual paraphernalia. Toreador steunes to
the fashion world may recognize several Madame Mascin
originals among the outfits. Many of the tools ute de»
signed co heighten a slave's desirability ton undead
lover, Various devices control blood flow; some of the
sexual devices are deviane; some look (and move) like
snakes, Others are translucent, with various-sized spinal
columns within. Even more exotic — and disgusting —
ate perfectly preserved, truncated human and animal
senitalia, These may do little for the characters, but
several slaves xravitate toward the items and shaw obvi.
‘ous signs of addiction. Many of the sexual instruiests
have a mystical or alchernical component that increases
the user's pleasure (or pain) to an unnatural degree.

Alexer's contribution 38 a mechanical blood pump.
‘Thedevice isencased in a decorative lapis box with gold
tim, It draws blood sensaously or agonitingly from 3
subject and stores the vitae in dark-red ceramic vases. A
of entertainment, or on herself — a certain amount of
hunger excites the palare.

A slave dons a special apparatus with gold clamps
thar facilitates of constriets various portions of his vas:
cular system. The slave's hot blood gushes into a feeding
vampite's empty veins at an unbelievable rate. The
pleasure is immense and the character may be hand-
Ipressed to stop before she deans che slave dry the dies
the end of ewo turns). The first slave to don this garb is
from the expendable row, but slaves of any row gladly
wear the blood-flow device.

ahierlaslon on ilauee fwaridous forms


Characters who decide to be cruel discover that the
shivescan endute vast amounts of physical pain, and they
even beg the characters to hurt them, The slaves seek
nest, of to feel emotions of any kind, Other slaves fear
pain an great lengths to avoid punishment. Yet, all
slaves derive some spark of pleasute from harsh (reat
factor may prove to be quite madening to any sadists in
However, some slaves are fragile psychologically
ters amy tmplant nighemares or phobias chae the
humans may never recover from. The slaves are so recep.
tive to these nightmares that a character implanting
them may suffera form of psychic hacklash. The character
imay become caught in his own creations tf Telepathy 1s
© experience slave's pain. The undergoing is

the character is trapped temporarily in his

9 couse permanent

The slaves may also provide characters with intellee-

val entertainment, in tandem with or instes

delights. Some slaves are talented musi

serenade the characters with a wide range of instruments

ind musical styles. The slaves' scholaely pursuits run the
from history, science, philosophy, folklore to the

Allof the slavesare multi-lingual; communic
noe a problem.

One room contains 4 library with a modest, but
highly representative collection of common and ra
books. Bibliophiles are likely co find a few volumes tha
they have sought alter for n long time. Almost hall oft
‘allection is of a provocative nature and covers every
thing from the volumes of the Marquis de Sade Justine
and The Misfortunes of Virtue) to Leopold Masoch's Venus
inFrstothe writings of the recently deceased Baudelaire

There are also books on Tantra and blood-curdling por
nography by notorious Toreador and Malkaavian deviants

The remainder of che books are of a

niture, There are various histories, work

thing from Homer to the latest by Twain) and scienti
tex. There are several books on the occult, inchiding
The Book of the Deal. This book may be disappointing to
the charactets at first; the text seems to he primarily
descriptions of ancient mortuary techniques. However,
duracter who studies che tome comes across a piassay
Aocribing a "simple" ritual, The Eye of Apophis, that
allows the caster to see wraiths. The Green-Eyed Venus,
one of the slaves, is « highly accomplish

tay be valuable to the ebsiracters who want tak

hout the ritual. The slave states that the spell is prac
ticed by her masters. The Setites later volunt
character the ritual ifthe guests stay another
Incentives, as well)

Book Tivo: Paths of the Dead


Chamcterswho deinkefrom thermo fivoredstaves
soon feel the effects of a drug unlike any they have
ver taken. Itcauses hallucinogenic efects that adap
‘wudinkers desires, The character also expetiences
syneechesia(comsuves of the senses; the character sees,
soxndsand feels aes). As the drug' effecrs climax,
the character sees (or believes she sees) the central
truths and paradoxes of vampiricexistence. The world
becomes whaievershe wishes for the remainder of the
night and she may faney thar this is partof what the
Sogn Fragment could do for her.

"Those who abseain from the children and study
their drugged companions' auras see deep-red hues

snd the firefly flickers of subdued magical force. Using
‘Telepathy to read deupged characters! minds i chal-
eriging (difficulty 7, co uccesses neoded), If the
telepath succeeds, his mind blends with that of the
subject md essentially forms one entity with control
of the two separate bodies,

‘Characters¢mho undergo the effects of this drug
nay chinge Natures or tke the Dual Nature Merit,
permanently (Scorytelle's choice whether ane or
either effect tikes hold). You and the player must
agree on the churacter'enew Nature, though it hoald
‘besigrificantly different troin the old one. The chat-
acter perceives thischange asspisitual gevweh, burthe
Serpents know ittobe the complete destruction ofthe
olf penonality —and it ruphicement by a comupt
unewone, [be drugmay even headkdiceive, depending
fon a character' new Nature, The Setites are, af
coun, willis to mypply che charueter with the drug
In the future fora *reasonable pice."

Slaves
The Setites' slaves min the gamut of human experience.

Half of them are Egyprian, and the others came ftom Europe
and exotic climes: They are multfycered individuals with
ms and flaws. Yet, i clear thit
«ail is riven by an unnacural deste, typically carnal If
characters choose cerebral pastimes, slaves try 0 steer
proceeding to more base pursuits. Slaves hecoene flustered

e though the servants ate
heir rue nacre.

Denying slaves physical or sexual a

‘ght cues them anguish as moening approaches. They
shudder. Their akin becomes ashen and thei lips turn blue
Some of them even spit up foam and die if they're spurned.
‘The Serites vent their displeasuse on the slaves if they fall
to erigender the "appropriate response" inthe chatactern.

their own pusions,d

if characters resist these action,
forced to act contrary

throughout the

The Sun Has Set

‘The shivesare aware ofthis danger, bu they do not speak
1 @ the characters: (Though the ellers can goin chs
{information easily if they search the slaves! minds.) Aslave
‘who fails the Setites may appear a a victim in Duat on the
fourth night (or whenever the test in Dust is staged)

‘The sliwes ate obsessed with sexual deviancy. Some
show in eagemessto dominate or hurt their peers, but then
‘urn on a dime nnd become iuite suibenisive, Genuine
bonds of fraternity and friendhhip ako appear 1 exist
between many of them. They aid and abet each other in
rmassseducing the charvetes, and they seem to share &
natal almost empathic rapport

‘There isa definite hierarchy among the saves, includ:

‘queen. The harem's social ocder seems
ge, beauty, wit and sexual expertise, snd
mirrors Kindred society in odd ways. Some of che slaves are
‘emotionally dead, while othersate vibrant andalive, Allare
highly accomplished at two or more skills Most ofthe ghou!
slaves have at leat one point of Fortitude to withvrand the
rigoes ofthe court, You may with co create more slaves th
those described here.

‘The Three Dreamers: The Setites call three speci
slaves *the dreamers." Characters who read theve mortal'
minds discover extremely vivid thoughts and imagusstions
‘The dreamers interact with the outside world, but they are
ultimately ost in world oftheir own creation. The dream
‘rs fanasies even apply to the room: every detail ofthe all
has a surreal aspect from these slaves! perspectives

‘The characters may explore these peivate realms, going
along for the ride ortakingcontrol ofa host'smind, creating
compelling tmagesofalmest any kind. Mirulreadingeharaes
terscan even expetience vivid memoriesof the sun without
sustaining harm. Characters with Telepathy may also link
the minds of everal humans to the dreamers, orchestrating
thelr thoughts into symphonies of pleasure or terror. The
dreamers may be used to re-eruct past events or for the
characters to become gods oftheir own private universes

ach deeameris marked with an asterisk (*)

The First Row (Favored Staves)

The Serites protect che slaves in this ow no certain
‘extent, though these humans ure ultimately expendable.
‘Thecharacearemay wie icture of may degrade these people
in any way they wish. The Setites intervene only if the
characters begin to daughter the favored ones. A character
tay kill one of these people "accidentally" in the throes of
passion. The Setites admonish the murderer bur do not
impose any penalties

Akbdar Husayn: Akhdar is a handsome Egyptian
man, seemingly in his fate 20s, with brown skin and dark.
brown eyes, He tea brilliant municinn and co
of any Toreador retinue, and is Scyla yorite minstrel. He
generally appears cheerful and full of life, but his 100 years

poser, wor


of playing for the coutt have destroyed his will tu Hive. He
sages characters to"ree him" through death, bute isin the
wrorgg mw for sac release.

The Green-Eyed Venus*: The "Green-Eyed Venus" is
a valuable prize from adistant land —an Irish wornan with
‘0 memory cf her past before meeting the Setites She
displayed remarkable eceult knowledge and the Serpents
allowed ltr wy continue ber soalies and yatned some tnter-
<sting insights from her. The characters may profit similarly
If they recognize hers more than just a pretty face, Her
dreams are che most portent (and dangerous) of the three
dreamers.

The Venus conveys the feeling that she was once
something greater than she snow. She succumbs slowly to
the monocony:and degradation of the court and she isdying
‘emotionally. She encournges the charactets to handle her
roughly in trade for her expertise in hopes of firing her
ecotions:

The Green-Eyed Venus is favored because she is
\reamer and beesnsher rd hairmarks heras chosen by Set,
She ty nor a Necromancer, but she is widely read on the
supernatural (Ceult 5}, and may even teach a few hedge
spell

General Ahmad Thn Tabatit The "General is chis-
es Eypcian man in his enrly 40s. He has a pointed black
besa anda friendly demeanor. Military historians among
theparty find him highly knowledgeable about almost every

hartle ever fought. He discusses military history, theory,

‘weapoinny and his "erocic encounters in times of war" with

qual faclityand charm. And yef, he ia fraud. Atkmad was

ws Amiy. He never saw hattle and fell

's clutches by pursing prostitutes.

ites have created grandiowe memories for the

man, and they are amused by the presumptions of their

paper general" (Ahmad considers himself Glycon's valued
confidant.)

"The General is tess physical than are most of the other
slaves, and extreme sex acts seem to deprade him more 50
than they do the ocher slaves, Characters who expose the
frau damage the General' psyche.

Tuya*: Tuya isa pretty Egyptian girl in her late teens.
She has strug black hair and moves with modesty, T
sicko ronwonlehy Cairn marchane family: Amantarprie-
ing Toreador discovered her vivid deeams and spirited her
from her home, and he subsequently sold her to the Ser-
ents, Tuya wos introduced wa strangeand frighteningnew
orldonly three monthsago, and isslow toadape toher new
tole ab a toy.

Tuya takes great solace in the arm of the court's thin!
dreamer: jfft, He seduced hee when she first arrived, buche
hastited other already. Loveatill clouds Tuya'seyessand the
character' presence may affect the couple's relationship in
any number of ways, the characters ure kind to her, she

entreats one of them to help her and Jafia escape the court
‘This plan i highly unrealistic, but dhe humans! freedom
‘might be won ifthe characters agree to stay another night

Hector: Hectorappeats to he Greek young enary, but
he is really 300 years old — the oldest of the slaves. Hector
scoms disinterested in the court's power gates, but he looks
after the other slaves. He's n contesaporary of Scyla and has
considerable influence over her. He uses this power to
intercede with the Serites on the saves' bebulf

Hector's good-natured charm and easy goin manner
make him a favorite umong the slaves and their vampire
masters: Characters who speak with hira realize that he has
developed 2 sense of inner peace, incongruous with the
Serpent court Hector isan athlete anda taleeted rmsican,

inter, mathematician and philosopher; He ishighly adept
at Obfuscate and Presence toa lesser deyree.

‘The Black Pharaoh: The "Black Pharaoh" was
highly acelaimed youngactrew on the European stage at he
tum of the century. Despite the woman's undeniable ulent,
hor lover and mentor abandoned her when she showed her
first signs of aging. She mmed to drink for solace and
prostitution for survival, and she was on the vesge of
insanity when the Setites discovered her. The vampires
halted the Black Pharaoh'saging, gave her new purpose and
introduced her ro « new hfe

‘The actress took to the court with a passion, She was a
shillful manipulitor and soon rose to th the slaves'
ranks. She currently ianipulates Tuya and Jaf (third row)
forher amusement, but she has been unable to pres the
third dreamer into her service. A personal favorite of Seyla,
the Black Pharaoh feats that the vanpire's eyes now shift
Tuya

The Second Row (Expendable
Slaves)
The slaves of the second row are fodder to
characters ito extteme acts. These slaves te
expenduble and deal with chat knowledge in
‘Some seek out death carelessly, while others do everything
in their power to please the characters 1 awe their lives
Helena: Helena isan attractive, blonde woman in her

mid-20s. Her eyes have a hollow, haunted look She
sddicted to <stieanes of Phare san pin at

seeks death in one lsst moxnient of passion. Helena clearly
conce had other interests (she ix a skilled hiscorian and
Tinyguist) but is new Keke my
moves from ane physical encounter
tmuch distinction between partners. Helena manipulates
the characters into killing her, whether through pl
olfenses

Horus (The White Pharaoh): Deptichi ostentatious
title, che "White Pharaoh" jsone of the more inconsequen:
tial members of the harem. He believes himself be the go

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


re jeweled-falcon headdress. He addresses the
characters as though they are his equals, or even his
subordinates

‘The Pharaoh was "crowned" mainly by virtue of his
sexual prowess. He ts inordinately proud of his member
and waves itaround like a seepeet. The White Pharaoh

ite vex, and his enthusiasm fades if he's
ved to be submissive.

The Setites have sculpred the man into a parody of
Horus, the son of Osiris, Set's enemy. The White Pharaoh
ts un the expendable row, and the characters realize that he

nog the shaves. The others have good

cuted fun at his expense, but few slaves seem to dislike

0. The Pharaoh isa 150-year-old ghoul and has the Disci-
plines Celerity 1. nitude 3, Porence 2 and Presence [.

The Third Row

Slaves in this row sense the tenuousness of their
existence in the Fire Court, Their actions or natures
deny them the protection of the first row in the various
tests that the Serites stage, and they fear falling too far
out of favor and being reduced to little more than food
for strangers. Therefore, these slaves go to great lenges
‘to ensure that thetr masters are pleased,

Celeste: A high-class Parisian courtesan, Celeste
ccepted an offer from a wealthy foreign merchant in
1750 and has been in the court ever since. Celeste left a

daughter behind and is obsessed with her long-dead

child. The Setites have allowed her co conceive a child
‘oat of perverse sympathy. Celeste believes the father is
the White Pharaoh, but this belief is not true.

Celeste confides thar she seems to have been preg:
nant fora very longtime, Use of Telepathy indicates ewo
consclousneser in her body: her own and a primal one
with « low intelligence and a malignant intent. A ehar-
acter who uses Telepathy on the Setites to investigate
further discovery thar the vampires (probably Alexei)
‘implanted Celeste with a bisurre "mortuary embryo."

Celeste 0 paunter and promising: playwright, in
addition co her sexual talents.

Jaffa": The spoiled son of a rich Ottoman noble-
rman, Jaffa tsa liar and self-described "thief of heart."

a proto tennpared and hs sreenided preett
sous schools in Eueope and America, His fantasy life
‘eas even more decadent than his real une, though. His
violent dreams of sexual conquest turned into acts of
murder, and he fell easily undee the Setites' sway.

The vampires have given Jaffa the feeedom to ex-
plore his fantasies, He has also become the private vassal
of the Black Pharaoh who allows him co indulge his

brutal cravings on the other women of the harcus, The

Black Pharaoh bade Jaffa to seduce Tuya upon the gil
arrival. He now finds the innocent newcomer dull by
comparizon to the rest of the staves. Jaf continues hit
‘courtship to further degrade Tuya and also out of obedience
to the Black Pharaoh.

Jala enjoys the court immensely and believes he can
Jeave at any time. He has no desire to "excayy" with Tuya,
bbuthe hasnt told her that. Jaffa has strong, undisciplined
mind; his dreams are of animal passion and violence, with
him as the perpetrator.

The Lover

A character who was captured by Ambrogine in Lon-
don and possessed by the Lover may experience the Spectre's
emergence during this night's activities. The character it
hard-pressed to resist che Lover's influence, even i he trict
twabstain from the camal festivities. The slaves look incred-
Ibly desirable to the character, and every instinct urges hit
tosate his darkest desires, Ifthe character resists, the player
should roll Willpower against the Lover's to determine who
takes control,

lfthe player wins, the Lover goes quiet and the charac-
ter can refuse the Setite'enticements fae player loves the
roll, the Spectre takes over and guides all of the character's
actions. The vampire is overcome by lust and may believe
that his actions are still his own,

‘The Loversecks gratification foe itself rel its hose The
spin doesn't care bout the slaves' well-being and appot-
tions pleasure and pain in unequal measure. The Lover ties
to avoid arousing the other characters' suspicions, bat its
tunable to resist the lure of the Serite' diversion ad ay
lose control. (It wants to sample bots the soma and the
dreamers) Slives are killed unless the possewsed character's
companions intervene. Whether the other characters no-
tice that something is amiss depends on how
uncharacteristically the Lover takes its host behave.

‘The Spectre may alo speak directly with the character
and tell him that it can provide greater pleasure and power
ifthe vampite stays with me forever." The wraith may even
answer a few questions, though it portcays itself as a fellow
Victimofthe Giovani. Itprofessesto hace the clan andsays
the fetter thar bind itto the character are permanent. The
Laser peomlice tn help the aliler ogsinet tha Chowan, but
it diserwts the other characters as well. It knows the
character' opinions about his companions and seeks to
reinforce the host's suspicions about hisallies. If the charac.
ter reachessome sort of agreement with che Spectre, he can
call on it at will for advice in the furure. The Lover claims
tobe weak now, but it promises, "I will grow stronger." Ifthe
character rejects the Lover, he might convince the Setites
toremove the Specter, themgh asch adificul ask cercainly

demands another



The Second Night
(The Arena)

‘The second testis vitually the same for both voluntary
and involuntary guests. They are taken to a large sunken
wens with a mesic of « black and red seonpion across its
floor. If the charncrers are thore amwillingly, Alex stepe
forward and grabs their bound hands, Tho elders fel flesh
and hone unknit and separate

‘The Setites wach froma gallery above asthe charac:
ters enter the arena. All of the Setites whe wore i thw
throne coom when the characters fincurtived, and tore —
ight i total —are here. The only one missing tx Nefery
Slaves walk among the Setites, who feed languidly from the
vessels

Glycon steps forwand and addresses the characters
plainly, "We of the Serpent are warioes and honor those
vwho know the code of war. There ate to les halferuths
in the arena, only existence or destruction.

"Weave driven many Lupinesfrom the Nile, baw
oftheir mimber remain to harassall Kindred, Thece of these
beasts were captured on our lands, in defiance of our sacred
lw, Kill them and claim your prize. Fail the test and die
under the beasts fang," Giycon aks, "Fight and be fre," if
the characters ate there involuntarily.

The fight isresolved based en the characters status in
the court. Elen: who attend voluntarily must choose a
single champion from among them (this could even be

Raldesaror Rostura ifthe characters can silence any dissen-
ston against thet cherce), The champion may drink érom
fone of two large howls, Each contains 10 points worth of

blood: The blood in the gold bow! bv scented, while the
‘ood in the silver bowl s nt.

Characters who are there involuntarily are probably
divetully weak and can barely stand. Theirs is a collective
effort Exch irceated blow is provided or each charac

store thx Blood Points, although the characters may

the blood in any way they wish. They may choose 1

give almost all of it o-one of them, but they iust all fight.

(The Setites are antused if the characters squabble amongst
themselves for the vitae.)

nue fight" and forbids the use of

ate. Heshows thecharactersacallection
ord, spears; keiveyy ances) and lets thee

The aren isa bron, round dish, It is surrounded by
high walls thot are topped with razor-sharp spikes. The
vious gladiatorsline the tatericr wall. Theskulls
y vampiric. though there is 9 massive wolf's sk

ted with gok! and precious ones. There is no cover
anywhere in the ring, only the black and red scorpion:
mosaic, whuve jagged contours seem to distrt space in the
arena, making i difficult co judge distances (Perception

Dice Pools are reduced by cwo dice), Use of The Gleam of
the Red Eyes reduces this penalty to one die, and tho
Lupines are immune «0 the scorpion's effect

‘The portal on the other shle of the arena opens. The

snastretches ond distorts. The chacucters' vision shifesn
‘andoucoffecusin amaddlentngly random way. Two massive
‘beown and gray wolves hur through the suddenly all-oo-
cloce portal. One of the animals i« male and the othe i
female. The beasts are larger than normal walves and have
Jong, sharp claws and sleek, streamlines fexlies. They weir
collars eth silver studs, and they are mad with pein aad
roge. The Lupinus attack directly but have some ricky
énoves (including 10-merer backward jump), The charac
{ers weapons are not silver and the beasts heal one los
Health Level pee tir.

Uleimately, perhaps the only way ro win & ter emove
the werewolves' heads of to hack them tato sina pieces
"The Lupinesdo not partey, though they dimly register mage
hatred for the Setites thar they do for the characters. At
come point in the fight, one (or both) of the enraged
Lupines leaps into the standsand injures itself on the walls
iton spikes. The jump's sheer height seems to surprise even
the Setites, The bottom two rows of the audience are
secupied by the Serpents' hutiany pets, whe freeze wich
terror of flee screaming. Sobek rises anal utters 9 han
syllable, topping the beast in its tracks. The Setite ehaow
the smimal back into the arerw snd wound it with a silver
blade (one Health Level chat catinot be regenerated 4
penalty.

Characters inay notice that the wolves fight more
savagely if the melee moves close to their entryway. The
pool hay ytiomg autual swell Entering the chaenber
beyond drives both werewolves berserk. The only light in
the roeim radiates ftom the arena, which i square cham

Jiscernible exit and ie adored with the same
ny bieroulyplies that ube characters have seen
elsewhere in the Fire Court.

A pile of torn tapestries serves as a nest nthe fir
corner. A frightened one-year-old wolf cub hares ity teeth
and groves from the nest. The cubs too young to change
form or defend itself adequately, but iti fast and elusive
‘The cub's defenders fly agninse the intruders in trsan fury
Machracter actually manages to grab the cub asahostage,

eke > ws enape
the den. Takin the hy letle more than
temporary stanad-of, hough. The parents pace the charac-
ters as long as they have the cub, Despite their survival
instincts, the wolves would kill theie cub rather than let it
remain én the character's clutches

Tone ofthe characters manages toripa silver collar
‘one of the beasts (or if character spares the cub when he
cull have Billed it, the creatures show crude gratitude
ind avoid attacking that character. If there is oaly one foe
the beasts ay spare bina, but only i he ne longer presen
a threat. The werewolves hutl themselves against


Sctites insteid, whi slush the ereatures to pieces' with
abandon. Otherwise it is up to the characters wo dispatch
the Lupincs. The characters win their pete if the Lupines
are killed, whether by the elders or the Setites,

Another character may replace the champion if the
waror falls, Chamcters who fight the werewolves as a
grup have little recourse if their numbers dwindle, You
imight have the Setites grant the characters more blood if
the Fight has proven entertaining thus fur

After the battle is over, che Setites give injured char.
acters enough blood to heal their wounds — abou six
points' worth exch, The Setites kill che Lupine cub f ttl
lives, but they toy with i fora long time before drinking it
dry

The Lupines

Background: The three Lupines ane a family, ene-
casts from a pack of Lupus werewolves that ranged along
the southern Nile, The wolves encered Sette teritary
and were capcured by Gilycon and his men. They have
fufered ill restment of the Serpents' hands an have
bert fed human flesh, arbor other things.

‘Nature/Demeanor: Fanatic/Finatic is

Physical: Srengrh 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social Charismes 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wies 4

Talents: Alertness4, Athletics3.Brawl4, Dodge.
Empathy 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3

Skillss Animal Ken 5, Srealh 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Investigation |, Qeoulr 2

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 2 (Sense Cor-
ruption), Celevity 1, Protean 4

Willpower: 7

Image: All three wolves have dack brown fr with

ay streaks. The mule has patches of sable blick on his
‘k and long muzzle, appearing selated to the jackal

headed creatures nf Karn, ifthe charneters witnessed
those. The wolves assume Hispe (prehistneic wol) form
sn combat, The femule is hager than the male and aw
white cressent mnrkingberweenhereyes The cub hss
bent paw and the-distinctive markings of both of irs
pent. Al thtee cf the animals ium into normal walves

when they die.

Raleplaving Hinees You sere exiled for the gine
tribe formating with each othe The monsters whakeep
youchained here will kill you in any event, so youmight
1 well kill as many of them as possible hefore-you die.

Storyteller: The werewolves can heal ane Health
Level every nurm nutomatically, except for wounds n=
flicted by silver weapons or by the testh and clawy of
Kinds, which do permanenthaem. Werewolves enuse
ggravated damage with thelr teeth and claws, The
‘gnumais ure ominated by the Setites «nd canoe tee to
the safety of the Umbra.

Aftermath

Victorions characters wit their prize (which aight si
ply be ther lives if they have been prisoners upto this
save the Fire Court, althiuigh the Setites

want them to say longer to ensure the characters! corruption,
Three ion exes full of gold are delivered to the characters
chambers (ar are tase to the arena flor if che characters
sdernand theie fice imocsaely), with promise of mone tf
the characters remain another night

Glyvon and the Mesenger af Jocalo may also take the
characters aside and say, "You have won your prise, but you
remybenockeertoachic ving you arived
here. There area yreat mariy thin thi
tw about Lazar toms

Characters who decile to leave are escorted wy the
entourage ifthe Setites are disappointed withthe cluaacter
performance. (See W the Characters Leave for sare informa
tion on departing ftom the Fire Court.)

The Third Night (A Game
of Chess)

Ifthe characters stay for third night, slave urainions
them co a large, four-sided theater with tiered seats and a
low, square stage. The stage is mude of red stone and ts
furtitiones into 64 equal squares. Thirty-two rigged sla

han weben
ns may Fear fr
but these must be won.

stand in fearful rows. Most of the slaves kook Exyprian, but
‘twoare European. Each wearsa fetish identifying him or her
asa chess piece. They all carry shot daygers and Took at the
characters with blind fear, Theeharacteryane invites to take

seatsatoneend ofthe bound": the Serin
row at the oppotite end. The only hosts missin
and Nefer

Sobek grins and says

"You of the Camarilla (or Sabot) are reputedly great
tacticians, 3 {am sure you are familiar with the fundanery
tnlsof chess. These wretches before you have st
or defiled our temples, We have condemned them co death
and you must aid in their just execution. tony hope you are
‘more entertaining than ay list opponent." This comment
evokes laughter tromifew of the Setites. butnat fox
who the vitier looks ar with obvious

‘The characters may have moral difficulties with this
test, oF none at all. Sabbar mighe nor blink atthe prospect
of condemning humans to their deaths — some Subbat
‘might even find i¢tame, Those who strive to maintain th
humanity may face a dilemma. While all of the charact
hhave killed before, this game ts cold-blooded murder The
apparent fact thar the Setites have already sentenced the
prisoners may muke playing a little easier for Kindred, but

recline inabigher
me Alexei

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Fhanly palatable, Humane characters must also weigh the
these human strangers against the greater good of
stopping the Giovanni

W the characters protest of move to walk out on the

me, the Setitey are magnanimous and make a counter-
offer: They will spare the lives of those who survive the

me, W the chatnctery sill quit, Sobek hisses and curses
hem for their false pretsuastons 49 Inunaiey arid nani
them with the prize they have just surrendered. The charac-
ters are free to leave te Fire Court,

H(Rosauea is still the Fire Court, she may volunteer
to play m place nf hesttant characters. However, she might
stipulace that winning the game means freedom for herand
hee brother, leaving the characters to fend for themselves
another night.

Lr the characters agree to play, they must succeed ar a
tesisted and extended Intelligence + Game Playing roll to
beat Sobek (First player to five successes wins). You could
abo vet up a chess board and compete with the players —
allow good chess player to assume che role of Sobek if your

Ifany of dhe characters speak with an English accent,
‘one of he Europeean's "pieces" seems to awaken froin his
trance. He staggers forward and stares into the shadows at
the characters and gasps, "No. No. No, It cannot be. An
Englishman? Here! Good lord, help me, sit! Tam Sir Richi
Tatton, an atchiveologist. These barbarkans — my mind!"
The uther European, a Frenchman, mutters to himself.
There is general laughter from the Setite gallery as the virier
silences the "piece" with nstate. The characters may request
that the two « he added to their prize if they win.

‘The husuan chess pieces kill ench other on command,
though a few balk and run frantically around the board
before guards hack them to pleces to the applause of the
assemblage. The characters pass this test regardlessaf whether
they. ot lose the game. Sobek is scomful if they lose
badly, and he scowls at them darkly if they win. A narrow
low by the charcters evokes a "good game, well played,"
from the appreciative wmner,

Participants with Humanity 3 ot higher must succeed
at Conscience rol (difficulty 7) or lose point of Human-
ity, This difficulty is reduced by one if characters negotiate

lives. oc by cw af they secure the archacolagists"
releae

‘The Setitesagree to award the characters their prize for
the night. The characters may be thinking of taking their
‘winciings and running by this time. The Setites offer them

wo keep the guests there anothernight (see the
ve)

The Sun Has Set

The Fourth Night (Duat)

"Thisevene i suaged on the fourth night fthecharactes
stay that long. If they do not, run this wcene on the chare
ters' Inst or second toast night at the Fire Court, depending
‘on how you want events to unfold

Slaveswearingblack robesandhurial wrappings waka
the characters They carry a small funerary boat arid bid the
elders to climb aboard. (Characters who attend the cout
unwillingly may be dumped aboard and overseen by gua
‘on the "vesie" to ensure thar the weak wampires remain
there.) The servants carry the group through the throne
roo and toward the massive onyx door on the other side
Rows of slaves stand in silent vigil outside the door, holding
‘candles, The humans are impassive, frightened or ook w
te characters with compassion,

‘The Messenger of Jocalo stands before the portal, in
front of Sobek and Glycon. A young boy stands with them,
holding reed brush in one hand and a small gold poe in the
thet. The Messetyger speaks as the characters ate carried
forward," Thiststhehardest test of al orto claim your prize
you must travel o the Underworld and staid judgment on
the scale of Anubis: Fail this test and the cost is death. This
1s Your final chance to turn from this path." Ihe Messenger
waits while the charactersconfer. lthey turn back here, the
slaves carry them from the hall and they may leave the cout,
ar any time.

Ifthe characters agiee to proceed, Jocalo's messenger
takes the brush from the boy's hand, dabs icin the gol po,
‘and paints a straight black line over each character's eyes,
‘She ales again as she warns that the eldersare going tosee
strange sights in Print. They may speak with those they
meet, bur they are noc allowed to interfere with the activi
tes of the Underworld. She explains further that once they
have passed a room, they must move on and may not return,
toachamber behind them, The Messenger then waves het
‘hand before the portal, which slides open in eerie silence

Sobek gestures for the characters to walk inside. They
find themselves in hall earved from black stone. Torches
sputter under a cold, damp breeze thar blows from some-
vwhere in the darkness. A dense fog covers the floor, None
of the Setites or slaves joins chem.

Room One (The Dungeon)

The black hallway leads to a stone arch before a
‘cavernous, medieval torture chamber. Charucters with tastes
for such places may feel a wave of nostalgia as they see
familiar torture devices, some haying gone out of use centu-
ses a,

Two men go about their work here. One speaks in.
casuil, friendly manner with o haggard victim stretched
tthuncon arack. Although cleatly in pan, che prixaner craves
almost any kindness, and responds with the sume. Other


Prisonerslie in various agonizing positions around the room,
Most of the machines are erapry, though, which gives the
dhingeon an atmost forlorn appearance, if that is ossble.

Charnctees whi investigate the room (rather than
walking right through it) discover that the fist tortuter sa
friendly Spanish man. He introduces himself humbly as
Samuel and relates that he has been a torturer to (and of)
ings be eleatly considers his profess a legitimate and
necessary one. Mont of his justifications revolve around
"keeping the order." Samuel is a litle rough around the
edges bur he iswell-educared in hisowwn way on philosophy.

Chansetets moy find the appurcat dichotomy bevween
Samuel's demeanor and job chilling or amusing, He trades
hintsand anecdotes hour the peofession ifthe visitorsshow
sninterest. Samuel is clearly not an inspites torturer, buche
goes about his work ina chcecful and ficient manner. He
‘ay epitomize the banality of evil to some.

IF the characters ask what lies beyond, Same! claims
with» certain degree of distaste thac a group of "doctors"
eeupes the next room. He admits to disliking thei seien-
tifcdetachment and isresentful because they have"stnippedl
the heat from the business."

Ifthe charactersreturn Samuel'shospitality;he appeals
tothe coputina good word wich "Anubis" for ins but does
not ehiborate. If the chamcters express contempe for the
torrurcr, he isservile throughout thetrvisitand tries to hurry
them ftom the rem,

Ivo prisoners, other than the man on the rack, are
tinder Samuel's care. One is» young temple slave who has
teen sentenced to.a month's torzure and then death for his
«rime (smilingin Sobek's presence). He isver-consciousin
‘coffin similar co those that the characters miay have been
lope in after theit arivak; unwilling guests may be sympa:
thetic to the young man's plight. The alnve regains
consciousness temporarily when Samuel grants him sore
ater

The thie prisoner is less friendly to his toemuner; he
hives "monster" at Samuel's approach. The man's face 4
Indy distorted, bearing the tell-tale scarsof Vicssitude. His
jas grind past each other to croak out each syllable. His
vor has been plucked our in placesand he bus burn marks,
‘The man is a Coptic priest.

The priest is itially more concerned with the charac
tert well-being than his own and mistakes the elders for
snortals and fellow victims, The priest's demeanor changes
significantly the characters teveal their vampiric nature ot
approach more closely to expose uny vampiric curses, The
Jesooer calls we God to "abjure the demons," The priest los.
faith lou ago, s0 the prayer has no effect on the characters,
Samuel, emfsirassed by the outburst, burns the priest by
‘may of apology and anarks, "Calling on God again? He won't
fear a miserable old sinner hike you!"

The second torturer isa thin, silent Chinese man of
indeterminate age. A patchwork of vices has etched evil
lines across his face. The man does not seek commiseration
with the characters but prefers to be left to his work.
However, he és convivial if they inguiee about his craft

The characters soon identify this torturer asthe cteator
of the flesh-and-gles sculpture in Maruanna's chambers
(accuminig the characters have managed to visit her}. The
artist isa favorite slave, given Neferu's own blood to pursue
hhisealling, Hiseyessparkle with an inhuman clarity (Apex)
ashe explains his vision. He applics colored, molten glass to
hh living subject over a petiod of days o¢ weeks. The lass
dips, streams of sprays ina fine mist from a collection of
impressively engincered bray and yokd nozzles. The artist,
‘explains that an alchemical olution keepsthe subject' skin
from charring.

He speays a swirl of orange glass across subject's bare
stomach as a demonstration. The victim moans firfully, but
she shows no other sign of consciousties. Her Wily is
Frintoned in a graceful arc by metal brces. Whotls of
multicolored glass spread out behind her like gossamer
butterfly wings. Her face is already half-encased in green
slay that reflects her unblinking right eye into » dozen

etror-otricken facets, As the he pechanascry mre

that the skin is bright red, but it is otherwise undamaged
(Nothing short of another night's stay wrests che sectet of
this formula from the Setites.)

‘Thee artist conrinues co explain thar the victim's con
sciousness, or "ka," 1s trapped in the body after the piece is
complete, The body may be preserved in a pristine state
forever of be allowed to rot, depending on the mortuary
process involved. He enthuses that a displayed, decompos-
ing body gives his masters fresh insights intocomupeion and
decay, Despite the horntic nature of the art, Toreador
{especially antiribu) may see genuine merit tp the work

Samuel produces an iron key whenever the charneters
ate prepared to move on, and he shows theta into the hall
leading to the next chamber.

Room Two (The Hospital)

‘The characters may be aghast by the next chamber.
Patnced white walls and smooth gray floors give the rooman
air of clinical sterility. The characters are startled initially by
‘the room's electrical lighting. It is very likely that they have:
never seen electric light before (the first coumercially

lable bulbs have been around for only three years).
‘Characters using Auspex find chat the lights glimmer and
flare in odd ways, burning strange and disorienting trailk of
light in their eyes as they seek to adapt. Those who keep
abreast of technological advances nore that the equipment
in the room — operation devices —iaon the cutting edge.
"These modem wonders are particularly incongruous and

ret in backwater Luxor.

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


efficient precision between long

scopes, beakers and four patients. One of the dactors— an
‘old man with « benign face and tufts of white hai fa

this bald head — oteps forward to greet the characters. He
intecdhuces himwelf ax Doccor Helmut Strieben of Vienna,
Hie vaice i

-alm and confident, lus characters may recsig

¢ fear behind his intelligent eyes,
‘Chamcters who cour the facility learn that it consists of

three adjoining laboratories, inching a series of personal

living spaces for the doctors, The sdoesors hiwe eo

‘look foun their patients and offer the chu

if events warrant t

Dox Kal veal, asagly Seah
thin mustache. The other, Nurse Blizayak; is pleasantly
ip Russian woman in her lane 30s, The relitionship
heqween the dice sects profesional, hut it 18 one of
disguised pfesional jealousy. Thedocton are exceedingly
polite and helpful as they offer to answer anything the
characters with to know ahout theit work, They explain
that their spomsor, Alexel. has selected them ro work on 0
very importing experiment, shou uoue know exactly
swhat Alexei's intended result is (and they don't dune ask),
periments are lke someth
novel's mod-scientst labo

diein oe Hawthorne's

Patient ies prone ona table. None of his features isdiscomn-

ible; his face and skull have been skillflly removed. His
spinal column rem. intact andl is connected te his
bain, which isuspended ina jet green sohinon. Copper
wires lead from the braic to an electrical generator. Nurse
Bliznyak demonstrates how she is "mapping" the brain ard
its responses to electrical current. An electrical pule in
daces spastic movement 4. various extremities on
command. She apologizes if the chiracters have a negative
reaction (0 the experiment, explaining thut such advances
servethe scientific good. A charscterwhoreadsthe patient's
thoughés discovers a dim mote of consciousness. The brain
begs feebly for death.

The other hun cual subjects have
paved the point of communicating. They have been re
duce tothercom ponent pats they provide ony atone
responses and.are wed as tissue donors. One patient, pinned
toa specit able, has heen peeled back, layer by layer —
Probably by we of Vieisinude. If rhe characters isk about
Alexet, the three doctors independently describe him as the
mest brilliant surgical mind of the day

The Doctors

Each of the surgeons is highly intelligent, but charnc-
ters who watch them carefully (Perception + Awarencs
difficulty 5) may detect cert idiosyncrasies thar seem
*"pre-scripted" or ingrained by another source. They speak to

The Sun Has Set

each otherin repetitive plirases
from theother two bef
doctors ate as tu
patients
Doctor Steieben: Helmut Srrieben ts cold, methodieal
and monstrously detached from the pain he cmues A quiet
nan, he nevertheless entertains the paranots
Kalb is sabotaging his cesearch in hopes of
‘ining the seniors reputation with Alexei to become head
doctor, Strieben fents he ison the way ous and seeks away
to Kill the younger scientist, Doctor Strieben is almot
sentry oly but he appears co bx: an his $05. He has a
‘weakness far poetry, Rococo paintings and Handel's Wau
Music
Nurse Bliznyak: Nurse Bliznyak iy probably the mest
"evil" of the throe doctors: She reservts that her sex pre
vented ber from beeominga doctor in the outside woekd yet
she hax fared little beter here. She i glocfied sistant 10
the twomale doctors, despite her superior intelligence, She
tents her spite and frustration on the paticrts and delight
in hurting others ashe hits been hur. Those who reid bet
thoughts discover highly romanticized ties of « hand!
some Alexei. She believes he will Embrace her as. rewand
forher work, but the characters may amaginies much ditket
fate in store for her
Doctor Kalb: Doctor Kalb is indeed trying to sabotage
Doctor Strieben's experiments, though not foe dhe reasons
that Strieben suspects. Kalb is 0 genuinely humiine man,
trying to do what small yood he can. Discuvered fr hi
sround-breking biological scutes, Doctor Kalb was se
duced to join the Fire Court by Alexei'saeadeinic hires. The
biokagis initially refuse to ake pein the basta gray
work. A few hours under Alexei' tender minttrations
changed histune, though. He hasworked secretly to subvert
the hospital's experiments ever since
DoctorKalbharbeen in the court longer than the other
rworhave, and he undermined the werk of previous doctors
terthe point where Alexei killed hem, Thus, "evil destrys
Kalb believes. Kully has became unhinged by his
expetiences and believes himself to be an angel of mercy —
sometimes killing subjects surreptitiously, s0 they can exe
cape further pain. He eases his own pain through heavy
drink. Kalh buries his tte thoughts to the best of his
abilities, but Telepathy uncovers them. Alexes probably
knows of Kalb's mercifil predilections, but he allows the
doctor to continue his ways as a random element in the
Trimise's experiment

Room Three (Alexei)

A long, dark hallway leads from [Duat's second cham
ber, Guttering oil lamps emit a feeble light and thick smoke
‘There are bones of every description ser into the tunnel'

ls, and they glisten with i shiny black residue.
Human and anienal skolls stare dumbly. Mosaics of spinal

seek nodso reassurance
gun theirown. The
pain of Alexel's experiment us the


Alexei stant

‘olumns, distended ribs and intricate geometrical spirals of

exude 1 vitcous, redlsh-black protoplaim. Swarms of large, the comer of ast

A heavy des
a tortured groan. Observant characters (Perception + A\

nel forma the opening mechaniam. A "Come
regards the

Thedoorleadsinto acircular racmofrough-hewnstone, _¢slestial court"

ial «shoes, 10

ween dev

ye wouden peu. One heal
her two stare atthe intruders with ravenous intensity, — Humanity rat

\eundera'

cn the plare nf a huge scale that hangs frorn dhe ceiling
then steppuny «

aneteraity of pain in thes f
‘Another dish iy sus nigh

a stanway beyo

om the distane plate. certainly object.

the chatner floor. He wears a sumple
knuckle bones shimmer in the dim firelight, Pelvis bones black robe and a black, iron Anuhis mask. "Anus" strokes

new, difficulty 6) notice that a distended human face is and they recognize his voice:
nap with apureand perfect and weigh your soul against the feather of Mant. Do noe be
afraid. Only the truly gulty need fear the judgment of th

Jean, but tips winder che weigh o dhe cleracter whio

Theonlyvisiblemeanstochechamberfloorisbystepping found yourwanting- Bef good cheer

pended on che other se of the room — the counterbalance The Teimisce appears to expect the character
totheplatebefore the characters. large white featherrests his place willingly on the torture table. The characte

Alexei reminds the ch

Book Two: Paths of the Dead

wotuary rable. Lang slices, apparritly
subterranean flies bus: hungely sound the fet topuies. intended forblood, inethe table's teses

nce. Nefetu

actheenuofthehallwayswingsopen with feat Anubison ixmall gold throne and smiles benignly at the
‘visitors. Alexei points tothe!

the charactery fet

ge plate

inside. A Lange und cluttered dhe charansets walk over thw plate toward the stunease

torre chamber sitshelow. There are iron matdens;racksand the scale holds or all ur one. The feather of Maat inevitably
uhostofevi-fookingmachinesofunknown function ororigin thes and the plate beneath an unforrunate character drops
bere. A hulking body with three shrunken human heads skwsly, depositing him before Alexei and Neferu. The scale

2s the hiyhes
nisce orunder the charac

The toro ofaman sstrapped toaspecimen table, Hiintemal appeals most toNNeferusnestheri enabilities (one whoscerns
organs uaveboen pulledoutandpinnestdown,buttheywrithe particularly corrupe).
invknot The deformed man means sof. Anubis responds, "Alas tt seems the justice of Maat hs

nogh Some may know
alhelle. Yourneed enjoy but one

of my genius. Come den, let us begin, you und f

take
 theit


{fey forfeit ut this point, they will al be killed. If
the "chosen one" refuses to take his place on the table,
Neferu pronounces all the elders to be oath-breakers. She
wes her awesome powers of Presence and Dominate to
‘command the character ro rake hisplace on the table and for
the other characters to remain where they stand.

Despite their references to the "tuseice of Maar," net-
thet Neferu nor Alexei really cares who goes on the torture
table. If another character volunteers to take the chosen
victim's place, Anubis, "in his cosmic wisdom," accepts,

Itisalso possible thar the charactersdavadled in the fitst
‘wo room for mostof the night. Ifso, the Tzimisce asks that
Neferu give hitn an additional night to practice his art on
the chosen character. (She denies this request.) Thus,
Alexei tries to fitan entite night's session into the time
remaining before dawn,

If the character takes his place on the table, the others
are leftto watch asthe jackal-headed Tsimisce tortures theit
comrade. They miy decide t6 attack but go up against a
Methuselah and a sixth-generation Tsimisce — odds of
sarviving are unlikely. Neferu may also use her Presence to
compel the horrified characters to remain where they ate
and watch the impending operation.

Left to his devices, Alexei restrains the chanicter with
heavy tron chains and begins his gruesome work, Alexet is
tan inhuman, master torturer. He combines the clinical
detachment ofa sungeom with a cruel und sardonic wit. He
deplores conventional tools and uses Vicissinude on the

flesh and bone of the unfortunate victien — kneading and
twisting him into @ pain-wracked mass of independently

‘witching organs and extremities. Those watching may
recognise an eye here, a contour of flesh there, but other-
‘wise, their companion no longer exists. One or anote of the
characters way try to anchor the victim telepathically, bur
doing s0 subjects the telepath to the victim's agony (five
dice are lost on all actions until mental contact is broken).

The patient loses canteolofhishody within the first fow
‘minuesof torture. He may try tomaintain his sanity in any
numberof ways; he ean try to escape teality by dwelling on
past experiences of he may concentrate on his path. In
euher cate, five Willpower muse be spent and a Derange-
‘ment still develops ifthe character survives.

As the characters witness their eompanion's disole-
‘ion, a boiling black morass of ropy flesh flows up through
the table' aluices and intermingles with the tortured char-
acter, A shiver of pleasure shoots through Nefera's slender
bay asthe plasmic entitysmothers the victim. The patient
's enveloped by a wave of blackness, Thore wha monitor
their comrade's thoughts feel a dark undertow pull their
sninds downward. A successful Willpower roll (diffieuity 9)
‘s required to escape. A Tzimisce may recognise the fleshy
rmussasa masterfully crafted vozhd (see Clanbooks Tsimisce)..

‘The consumed patient (and any minds trapped with
1s) Loves all serwe of entity. A hot, humid feling and the
sinell of rotten meat close in, An. angry insectike fsx
emanates from all around, as if made by donens of hovale
creatures. Alien sensations, memoricsand pumal hungeras
if from other hideous minds, invade the character's The
other beings are dim and dead, with lierle indepersent

Honeoftheslavesdispleased the characterson thefint
night and was condemned to punishment, the character
meets her disembodied mind here. The slave may misake
the chanicter's purpose in coming t Duat and may bop
forgiveness for her past transgressions. Alternatively, the
wronged slave may attempe to drag che character down with
her into the depths of the eozhd-mnind,

‘Moments ater the characteris onsuuned by the veh
‘Alexei's mind seems to erackle and scintillace aroured him.
‘The Teimise's presence cols through the void lke thoeny
vines made of black plas. His voice cuts into the character
like a knife (and can also be heatd by any characters whose
minds are trapped with the character's): "Tell me, little
vampire — for the Serpents will not — what is ic you seek!
‘Speak truthfully, for {am your onty salvation. Sees minors
will noe blame me for your death." It the character resist
the wozhd-mind encroaches ever further and eros any
‘one point of Willpowerpertura. When thecharactersseote
is reduced to zero, he reveals his gouls to find che Sargon
Fragment. If and when the character's will breaks, Alexei
proposes an alliance

Alternatively, Alexei may try a mote diplomatic ap
proach from the beginning of the torture, particularly ithe
character is a fellow Trimisce, or if the characters have
mentioned the Sargon Fragment in his presence. Alexei
suppears to the character in his human forma, saying, "There.
Even that viperous chikl cannot spy on us here. [rule this
domain." He proposes an alliance to acquire and study the
contents of Lazarus' tomb. Alexei then claims to have
special expertise that could aid the characters and also hints
at inminent Setite betrayal, "They seek to keep you here
nly to destroy your souls."

If the characrer agrees to the offer, Alexet warns that
the characters must leave the Fire Court before the end of
the fifth night, even if t offends the Setites, The character
may wish to impoye conditions to this "partnenhip," and
the qwoccan make a deal. Alexei claims that the rest of the
night's torture will go painlessly. As his mind withdraws,
Alexei warns the character not to betray bisoverturesto the
Senpents and threatens that the Setites cannot even imag-
tne the paitt that he ean inflict.

If che character rejects Alexel's offer, the Tsimisce
‘curses hin and tells him to prepare for death. The wo2hd!s
‘mind crashes in on the character's, as described above, The


character can resist only as long ashis Willpower holds out,
atthe endof which Alexei proposes hisalliance again tothe
defeated choracter.

Noferiwarchessilentty throughout the procestuce with
1 mixture of pity, amusement and arousal. She doesn't
appear 0 perceive the Trimisce's perfidy. Ax dawn ap-
proaches, Alexei grudgingly returns the character to his
foemer shape at Neferu's bidding: The Methuselah then
ongets the characters to return to theit apartments through
hidden door in the torture chamber

‘The tortures character awakens the next night in the
fuect wing, wearing 9 black snd red rohe. He is extremely
sore, but otherwise, he seems unharmed. A stake of gray,
\worm:ridled wood ieson his chest — ae from Nefierufor
providing a good night's entertainment. This gift isa mys
tical totem chat reduces the dificulry of necromantic ritual
by one.

The characters undoubtedly decide to leave the Fire
‘Court 2s soon as possible. The Setites entice the characters

dh iches or seerets now more than ever to cornpel then

to stay one moce night: Indeed, Jocalo's messenger appears
tnd congratulates the characters on their successes. She
tells them that they have seen the worst that the Fire Court
fas to offer oa that they will spend «ight in uty
if they stay for just one more. She nods an prornises to see
them the next night ifthey agree vo remain, She vespons,
"You are wise" and departs if they refuse to stay.

Storyteller: Alexei ts interested in the contents of

Lazarus' tomb but 1s tapped in the Fire Court by his
agreement to work for the Setites. He violutes that agree-
ment only if the prize outweighs the risks, The Sargon
Fragment isufficent inducement and Alexe! may become
an ally in achieving the formula bur then a setiows con-
render for possession of it,

Alexei follows the Path of Caine and desires to serve

and diablerite the Father. He believes the Sargon Fragment
{s the means to achieving that end. He has no intention of
shariny the knowledge imparted by the Fragment with the
characters, and he seeks to hetray them once his prize is
within reach,

Ifthecharactershetray Alexei'sovertires tothe Setites,
Neferu orders the Tsimisce to her quartees to "await her
pleasure." He stiffens somewhat und shoots the characters it
‘murderous glance, bot he complies. Any discussions be-
tween Neferu and Alexei on this score are out of the
characters' earshot (and other senses),

The Fiith Night

Characters who ate foolish or despemte enough to stay
fifth night wake rothe sight ofthe remple'splensure slaves,
who take them to a rectangular room. The walls are 9
solden-brown marble and the floor is deep blue. Columns
and fine curtains partition a lange portian of the room, Seyla
inwaits the characters and smiles at them sweetly, "Youhave

heen fine and diverting company; the Children of Set are

not ungrateful. The princess tenders hee reyrets for any

discomfort you have felt ar our hands and conveys her
wuude."

Many of the pleavure aves from the firs nid
few more, are abo in the room. The slaves' reactions an the
fifth night depend on how the characters treated them on
the first. Each curtained room contains the pletautes that
the charactersenjoyed most theft night. The Serites ave
‘no agenda this night except to keep the characters from
leaving, though the characters probably search for hidden
schemes throughout: The Storyteller may wish to tale thie
‘opportunity to introduce the first night's entertainment co
these who were prisoners and missed it. The Secites have
hhad several nights to preparethistime, and rhe pleasures are
even more fulsome. Ifone ofthe characters ssvites Seyla to
foin them, she agrees.

Theslaves ake theirleave shortly before dawn, and the
Messenger of Jocalo arrives. She states, "I is an hour before
dawn and you have completed your final test. You may
depart yous0 desite. However, you may stay the rest ofthis
fight and the princess will sce you off tomortow eve with
honors as befit your statute."

The chauscters have « ital choive. They can sun like
hell nowand risk the disfavor of their offended hosts,or hey
can stay until the following evening. They muse consider
hoy close i isto dawn, how far it isto the neues shelter,
sand ow fast the Series will Fev vei: leave, There are abso
three more heavy iron chests full af gold in the characters
suest wing. The combined nights! teamures are
Increase everyone to Resaurces 4 {or
ahead a4)

Scyla

Scyla is charming company in whatever activities the
characters pursue, anu abi relates thac she ison the"Puth of
Exxeasy," Seyla has no shame whatsoever but displays a
strong sense of rieual propriety. She complies with any ofthe
pleasure demands that characters make of her but expects
them to keep up. Her vampiric kiss ts exceedingly plewur.
able and é in many ways reminiscent of the characters'
Embrace. Scyla is also a talented musician, historian ancl
hunter (she often joins Glycon on his excursions)

‘She may impart court gossip; the Fire Court a thor
oughly enjoyable place from her perspective. She docs nor
seem terribly touched by the plighr af its victims, hough,
Scyla shows empathy for the characters' suffering She has
a rich and humorous contempt for "hat ft fool Sobek."
Scyls may even promise to make contact chur
ters in the outside world at somie pout, if they so request
She does so only af she believes they
Soyla ts slightly younger than the <i

nouyh to
for those who are


Incentives

‘The Setites wane the characrerstoremain atthe Fie Cour for aslongas pesuble in onder to comp the visitors fully.
‘The Serpents use the characters' gals and needs to entice them tw remaing one secret will be revealed or one: itt will
be prowaded for each night thatthe characters emtin to undengo the Sets' ess, The following are see items that
might be used to bribe the characters into seaying longer.

The Magic Lantern: If the charseters have already won the right taexcavate | acana' tomb, the Setites hrmg ina
lange plain cliy um. Sobek explins, "This simple vase once belonged to Lazarus, who was not a seranger to this cout
He seemed to think itimportant but lot it to as on fis third night am sure it bt a trfle but perhaps you would care
tw play for ie? The characters may examine the urn through various mystical means and find it normal ial ways.

However, the best way to ecanine the vee physically is under a bright light. Ifthe vise is brought near a torch, the
shadow cast itabows thin lines of light st forma cruciform shape; like that Lord Catnden's map, The Seite show
serine surprise when they ee the image (the shadow <hveling Serites don't usualy we light a tool) and rh to take
‘the ur from the characters that they must wit ic i onder to study further,

fone ofthe players makes succesful Perception + Alertnessrall(ificulty 8) ora character bas Eidctic Memory.
the elders have jen all they need to know; the chamcters do not need co compete to win this treasure's secrets. They.
Jean thar there is another secret chamber in Lazarus' haven beyond the one suggested on Camden's map. (See Lazarus'
‘Tomb for more information on the second secret chamber.)

Lady Amisa [fone ofthe chiracters was Embraced by the Sette Lady Amisi in The Last Supper, Neferu apes
before thechancrerasffrom nowhere an offer himher hand and intones, "Come, there ssameone lwould reacquaint
‘you with."

The Methuselah lead the character through a secret pussge and into rich apartment. The characters long-lst
site relies comfortably in achair- Lady Améa arpearstnuch assbe did when the character fist met her in 144, though
there ti dint look about her (langimprisonment bythe Founders has unbalanced ber mind). The sie appears hap
tasee her hile ashe hug him warmly and kises him chastely on the forehead ie allows it Lady Amist nures the
chacacter that she hares hiny ne ill will for his role in ber centuries long. impraonment, ant she apologies for any
dicomfor' she emus him inthe pase

‘The character may actually be moved to forgive and forget Lady Amita bit ahudow of herformerselfand i has
been over 400 years, afterall. Aftera shor reunion, Neferu dismisses the woman, who then leaves in hace.

Nefera adldreses the character, "The precious Founders didn't reveal her escape because they feared it would
encourage youtoseekisout. When wediscovered where she was hel, wedent agents to liberate her wubmtiguting another
lvherstead. A Follower of Set in chains like a common criminal? Intolerable"

Pride, not any genuine concern for Lady Ama' wel-beiyg eet tov been the linpetus for er rexcue, and this
‘xspicion i verified ag Neferu continues:*She s not whit she once wis After her literation, shesteeped herelfxo deeply
inher own vices that he isof no further use rows. You, however, belovedichild,bave proven your corapeteniceand worth
Despite her decline, Lady Amisa still has one thing to offer — her blood."

"Neferu offers the character the opportunity to diablerice his sie and one-time tormientor. The price an eminently
reasonable one, that he convince his companions to stay another night- Neferd als offs the character place of high
‘exteemamnong the Setites. Ifthe character agree and manages to keephis ompanionsat the Fire Court foranother night,
the Setites bring the ehinacter co Dut om his final night; they te theshrieking Lacy Amis ro the torture eableyand the
clablerisemsay drain her with cle troubl Hersich vitae sithera through bit body, thus iesbuinhimwithseunining vigor.

‘The Eye of Apophise Ifthe characters have revealed that the Giovanni ae their esenies the Followers of Set use
this information to theie advanuige. The Mesenger of Jocalo appears before them. *The Giovanni ire musters of
‘Aectomancy and youmust tight them onthetr ow termstodeleatthets. Youcannot continue todepen son thove tattered
cloaks." She offer to teach the characters a non-Thauranurgical necromancy ntwal (hedge magic) in recur for
soother night's stay, An Intelligence + Occult rol (difficulty 8) must be made for thore characters who agree to xay'and
‘ty learn the ritual. Once one of the members inthe group learns it, he can teach it to his companions ata kter date,

‘The Messenger gives her smdent 9 smooth black stone and instnicts him to drench it in his own blood (which costs
fone Bliod Point) while casting the rite. The stone souks up the blood and acquires a highly reflective quality: The
"Mesenyer then summons frightens slave who's covered with painted hieroglyphs. She sashes the slave's throat wth
‘nkrfoj he stares blankly fora moment an then falls o the foe. The chiracer holding the stone cin see the spelt of
the dead inant cise frou thie boxy. This sisal Jas sanilac ellevss as Jopheth's cloaks, but it cans be uneal wherever the
character desires, as eppoxed to holding onto the thinning cloaks that cannot last much longer. The ritual requires an
Intelligence + Cccul rll (dificulty 7) toca, and it lasts for one hour fet succes

‘The Sun Has Set


lithe Characters
Stay

Ifthe characters stay the fifth night in ancicipati
of leaving che Fite Coure with honors the next evenii
they ate subjected to the full scope of the Setiter
cortuptive efforts. The spiced blood that characters ray
fave drank, and the hieroglyphics painted throughout
the court have a cotrupting effect on the characters
during theie stay, I he Setives try to complete the chat:
acters' downfall on the last night by making the elders
ponwn of the Setites and spreading Setite influence.

aracters may lounge in theit apartments, wander
ft their eave, or sock our a few final pleasures in the fast
hour of the fifth night. The Setites' spell (see the Cor-
rupt Soul Ritual sidebar) cakes effeet as the characters
fall sleep. They have woubling dreans of snakes and
feel emorionally disturbed. Hf no successes ate called for
the ritual against « character, she wakes and suspects
that something is atiss,

Ii even ne wuccess (+ rolled against a character, he
twakes unaware that anything has happened, However,
fie not himself. There isa feeling of fiery revelation in
the air. Time seems to pass exceedingly slowly. "Alien®
thoughts intrude, but in the character's voice, which
compels him roact in ways that he might not have before
but thar do seem sensible now, He is in a fog; bis
reactions to events are lagged

‘The Setites'spell corrupts the soul by loosening the
chameters' inhibitions, thus giving reiga wo their dark
sides. The spell does noe put the characters under Setive
control, though. Indeed, spell victims feel no malice
toward the Serpents

The Setites thank the characters for being such
gracious guests, pack their belongings, and make wre
they do nor forget anything. The Serpents promise that
the characters' human. entourage and animals await
outside. Slaves carry the characters' possessions and
chests of gold (if any). Other shaves lead the 8
through the Fire Court's maze and out into the open
overt

The chanicten' human retinueand animals.iwatt as
promised, though they ace visibly frightened. Marianna
and any other prices won at the court are also there for
thecharactets. Indeed, either of the remaining Giovanni
may have heen escorted to the sueface and avalt the
characters as well

The humans are unaffected by the ew
and are still under the characters! cont
immune to the spell, having escaped it through medita-
tion, bur she is unaware that the Setites have done

stuptive spelt

anything to the characters She ts probably suspicions of

the elders anyway, simply for having stayed with the
Setites for so long, and she probably doesn't know what
their normal personalities are like. Marianna is eager to
proceed to Lazarus' tomb and temains with the chatacters
only as long as they offer protection and do not act against
her.

‘The Giovanni have certainly been corrupted by the
Serite spel, and they may act in any way you wish, The
Giovanni may actualy be helpful to the characters, becuse
‘ofhavingmended their old ways, or they may seek power for
themselves — having tumed their backs on their former
master

‘The Fire Courts entire vampiric contingent (except
Alexei) standsassembled outside. Neferu steps forward and
Jooks into the characters' eyes. The pale nioonlight caresses
hor and she appears like a factic princess roore thay any
childe of Caine.

Some characters may pull themselves togedier enough
Aat the expense of two Willpower points) to atk, either
tudely or politely, why they feel strange. Neferu expla
that they have been given new insights into the world, "It
will fade, and for chat I weep."

‘She continues. "The crossroads te nearby. and. you
must go there to resume your quest. Depart with our ford
‘memories and take this with you to aid in your journey
home." Slaves bring four large barrels of blood for
which ts enoueh to provide each character with eight Blood
Points

‘Corrupted characters may believe thar they're leaving
paradise and may want to stay: Nefers refuses them with:
"No. it is best thar you follow your oun whims for a white
‘You must study your newfound insights for voursclves "Her
eyes glean like distant stars and characters who are still
affected by the spell leave without peotest

Charactart whe oseape the spell' tminedinte effccts
‘may challenge the Setites from the momentthey awake and
‘realize chat something has happened, The Setites rake this

buise up toa point, but Nefers uses Dominate o Presence
1 "dissuade" charscters who threaten violence.

‘Characters gee their bearings about an bout after leaw>
ing the Fire Court. Some of them may fixally be able to
recognize thac something happened co them at the court, but
they atl fel so pti il wil fn te Deriner. Charuevers
ho have already succumbed to complete corruption may
scheme agninst their fellow, depending on how thiscorrup-
tion takes form, Characters who were nor affected by the
spell may notrecognize that thei fellows havebeen changed
significantly for some time — not until it's too late

‘The Storyteller should not underestimate the ability of
thisspell o tear the group apart (atleast teanporarity, with,
difievent characters becoming corrupe at difereat times,
Returning to attack the Fire Court is suicide, but the
churacters may entertain long-term schernes of revenge.

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Corrupt Soul Ritual

Magically potent hieroglyphs caver the court walls and, in combination with che effect ofthe Seuespvced
blood, have a powerful influence over the character. These forces subtly break down the character' mora fortitude
and yeilience in anticipation of a final coxrupring spel eit by the Set

‘For euch full might thot the characters stay in. the Fire Court, they suffer the effects of one level of the
‘Thasumaturgical spell Corrupt Soul (see The Vampire Players Guide). Thus, after two nights at the court, characte
safferrwolevelof the spell. Victims are comupted for varying lengths of ume, as per the spel's description. Characters
‘who stay at the Fire Court foronlya night or two are affected by the Seties power to some degree, and the Serpents
‘pun a foothold m the characters souls.

‘Setiteslso use a Thaumaturgical path of corruption, but none in the court uses this path iagsinst the characters
‘during their tay: The Setites wan the charaéters to become tant by theie cnn deeds.

‘Thechuarncters may be compre completely if they remain at the Fire Court fora fll ive nights. The Sete
‘climnare che Chamcrery' accumulated nine with » ritual that literally changes the elders' identities, thus eroding thei
former selves and inoducing new, base klentities. Arno point do the Serires control the characters directly:
visitor downfill is the result of eheie own transformations.

Syatem: The Settes cat thei ritual atthe end of five ull nights. Roll 10 dice agninst each character (dificulty
isthe victim's current Willpower +1), The number of successes rolled determines how long that character iscorruptes)
(vee the chart below).

‘The spells comuptiom is subtle. The longest lasts, the longer the incubation perio thar precedesit. Character
touches er only ato under ication rerio whilethor cote franisht donc maf thirchanee
wnt an hour has pas.

‘Characters are groggy throughout their incubation periodsanu rave no clue that anything swoon: (There are
no Dice Pool penalties for this disorientation.) They don't recognize the Setites.as the source of theirpuzlementand
feel no need to confront the Serpents.

"The Compt Sout ritual chines characters Nature, tempoally cr permanently. The Storyteller nd player
should agree on the new Archetype that applies tothe character, but it shoud contrast the character's normal Nature
‘oeshould mean admstiechange ofidentty. (Remember that Nature the character strueself,notehe way he portrays
‘himself; other charactats may not know if or how their commad has changed.) The ritual muy aloo have long-tenn
‘amifictions on a character's Humanity or chosen Path, depending on the actions that he performs while corrupted.

‘The ritual has the following durations, based cn the number of successes rolled against each character.

succes ene hour (virally no incubation period)

Davccesses one night (one-hour imeubanion)

‘wo nights (one-night incubation)
five nights (two-night incubation)
permanently (severalavonth incubstion)

Successes
Fnucceses
S muccesses

I the characters flee the Fite Court, they may pack
and order slaves to recover their retainers andearry theit

possessions. Slaves yo no further than
the maze that leads to the surface. Chameters may have
to abandon any possessions or treasures if they want to
leave quickly

lithe Characters
Leave

Charset

who decide to leave before remaining a

fifth full night (or who leave ar any time), avoid the

Setites corrupting ritual, However, they are subjected to
the lower levels of the Level Five Thaumacurgieal spell,
Corrupt Soul —one level per night stayed —as deratled
in the sidebar. The effects imposed by the spell should
still he roleplayed,

‘The Messenger of Jocalo and Sobek confront the
chatacters at the beginning of the muze, Sobek ycowls,
but the Messenger smiles: she gives each character u
mask of golden cloth, which must be worn before encer-
ing the maze. The hoods smell pleasantly sweet 10

res, not foul like the first masks. The

the masked characters swiftly and surely

The Sun Has Set


through the maze and may even help them shou!

aden, The chatacters may remove th

tehind them under che Blowing desert winds
table itching presages
‘find cover

the horizon
g that will follow if they de

Nabq's crosse

Goanyw

F e to the northeast

ds i 0 short di

ere youdesire, burdonot retum her

If the characters ask the Messenger why the has
intervened on their part (if she has done so at al), she
] responds, "My master
aceply. The Messen treats to th
attack, she still disappears, Meanwhile, che sky's purple

then vanishes and

oiygh to

The churacters must scramble If they ate to find

er before dawn. Naba's crossroads mark freedom
from Serite lands, and the characters probably rush
there. They

w have several choices: T
award Liizatu
here and now, If the characters are traveling

or, hed ab or bury themsely

ds
xpect to yet ts the Temple of Hatshepeut. Play up the
absurd heaviness ofthe gold ifthe characters struggle to
reach shelter under it weight. The temple is safe fro

have many retainers, they make it ta Luxor with sec

wandering villagers, and the characters probably deep
If the characters head for 1 ©
pen desert and realise that they eh

before arriving. If the characters rescued the archaeolo.
», Sir Tuffton lead at is
com the light. M
also offer guidance if they are with characters, they

anna or surviving Giovanni may

nore than the characters did, and they
ake shelter

Two: Paths of the f


The Giovanni and Lazarus' Tomb

‘TheGisvannican be tmrrodiced into the story'sctim:x in any number of ways, depending onhow events have
transpired thie far, Perhaps:the Giowanns were contestants for the same pees in the Fure Court and are with che
characters a¢ they proceed to the tomb, The Reesellinis don't turn on the characters until the tomb has been

xploced and! its prize, if uny.can be claimed.

‘Perhaps the Giovanni never entered the Fire Court and have been searching for it m vain and batthing toca

Lupines

"The Settesdon tallow intrudersacces wo the torah Ifthe charactersstagyer weakly to Naby Wcressroads after
testing the Fire Cour, the Giovanni may ambush chem, However, the charicters may have eared the right to
eck Lazarus' combs, wilt the Giovanni have not. | he Serpents strike the Giovanni from out of nowhere and dig

the offenders away.

Hithe Rowellinis canriot possess whatever lies in Lapirus! tomb they try ta kidnap' Marianna as prite foe
Armbrogino (and ro protect rhe lives for failing him), Mariann joins the chatacters in any fight against the othet

Giovanni siblings

Lazarus' Tomb

The characters may know the Io of Las
‘omb after deciphering the legend of Nabq, of they may
follow Marianna to the place if she was rescued froma the
Fire Court. If the characters failed to win access to the
tomb from the Setites, they may have to face the Ser:
ems again when they go there, this cme in a. fight.
Alexet could come to the characters' ald against the
Setites, but in hopes of taking the characters prize from
thein

The journey to
anticlimactic, or a des
There is lit

anus! tomb may be quiet, almost

ate race to beat the Giovanni
le becween the characters and the' tomb if
they have appeased the Setites. The tomb is six hours'
march through hard desert, but wt s not difficult to find,
The majority of the journey covers rippling sand dunes,
with no structures visible anywhere.

The land becomes a rocky plateau beyond the desert;
ie appears as if sme eataclystn occurred in the ancient
past, leaving only rubble. Parts of the terrain are almost
impassable and the characters must leave any mounts
behind. The area is preternaturally silent, and the char
acters' Voices seem distant and

The characters come toa wide, tht, circular plain. The
‘eglon is free of debris, as if spared the destruction of lang
igo the plain is an eerie eye In the surroundiny
There iva certain eleetticiey in the ir. Those who wear
Jupheth's cloaks do not see any wraiths.

A single, flat-topped hill rises in the center of the
plain. The characters feel naked and exposed as they
approach, even if they use Obfuscate. The hill is erose-
shaped, similar to the image in Camden's map. The rains of
2 1Oth-century Coptic church ie atop the hill. Lang
fisautes appear in the stone floor, as though a great battle

The Sun Has Set

occurred here. Characters who studied or made a copy of
‘Camden's map should be able to locate the suaits that lead
underground. A large, flat rock covers the entrance, but it
can be moved with combined effort

A steep staircase winds down into the darkness co a

‘vast complex filed with seemingly endless maze of col
‘umas, This s the church depicted in Camden's map — the
supposed tomb of Lazarus. Mosaics alone the walls depict
biblical scenes and are bordered by Arabic patterns. Re
rmackably, the structure seems to have gone untouched by
the centuries.

Searching churncters discaver two empry sarcophayt
fn side rooms, a small private temple with stained-glass
veindows and rotted tapestries. Long-unused oll lamps are
Positioned behind the windows, as if to cast light thtough
the glass. There 1s also a sitting racm with empry hook.
shelves. The room's furniture looks medieval, perhaps 12th
century:

Characters whi lock for the aren that was seemingly
‘emphasized wicha bright light on Camden's map arrive at an
oblique comer nt the end of the transept. The wall is
decorated with a mosaic depicting the Four Horsemen of the
Apocalypse. The wall can be smashed down, ora succesful
Parcoptlon + Aworomats coll (diftcutty$) neveals toe euch
hidden in the eyes of a rider. Pressing them results
clang, and stones shift aside to create an opening in

the wall

Beyond the portal is # large, round zoom. Its domed
celling has remarkably nccurate depiction of the diablerie
fof Cappadoclus. IC the characters witnessed the event,
figures in the fresco beara xrong (ifnat exact) resemblance
‘Thaumarurgical formulas and Chaldean writing. Those who
hove Thaumitungy 4 and who can read Chaldean realize


that this room explains the absence of wraiths in the arca: A
ritual his been eat here that keeps spirits away, even to this
by
Thescent ofburdock and other herbs assaults the nostrle
cdthone who breathe. A stone ber sands atthe center of the
with 9 desiccated corpse atop it. Five haprismal forts
stand evenly round the body. A cal lille
scumblles dhe canysc like a glen spice. Four stall
full ofa thick, black blood. The conse ismaked andl
covered by aypiral tation, The cause of death isnotdifficaleto
{ques The fmnof the face ihadly bartered, with the skull pie
Jone tic wiht, nan caywonig ade, buck puvndes die de
(Characters who participated in The Last Supper barely
recognise thisastheir congenial hor' Claudius Giovanni, Use
ca The Spant's Tesch shows ast momentsand the wrnthful
face of his fither Augustus as he crushed Claudius' skull
Characters usiny, The Spirit's Touch also see a hooded
gure painstakingly tattooing the bedy, It occurs to those
see this vision that the cloaked figure (presimably
Lazarus) looks like the Gaune from theirearlier visions, (See
ludes chapter.)
Ifthe charactets touch Claudius' body, the corpse's
broken teeth chatter. The mummified vampire rattles
ing, stentorian scream and then collapses into
a pile of dust.

The Anexhexeton

Characters whe ear

the teerets of Laz
lantem in the Fire Chart know thar thete is anothe
chamber beyond this one, Marianna may also know lore
that suggests the seme

ws magic
hidden

m+ Awareness ral (difficulty 8
lange stone tn the floor just

A siccessfl Pere

two suwxecoes) severly th

helow Cappad

ius in the ceiling mural ts slightly lower
dan the rest. Pressing firmly on the stane ea
above the rest of the floor with a grinding sound. It can be
tlled fice with a combined Serenth of 6 or higher.

A steep stairway leaded th
only room for one persan to pass
small cubical room with a raised stane platform lies at the
broken stone tablet with numerology and Ch
chiseled in ite

es 1 €0 be

ugh solid tock. Thete's

Idean word
sd 3 of
potent

higher) realize
rmgie: The Anexh and wisdom of
the divine. Mallotte must not have irwoked this
Sargon Fragment when he ased his portion of the text and
‘was immolates (see Blood & Fire)

A character must have Thaumaturgy 4 — and
player must moke an extended Intelligence + Occult
(iitficuley 8, 10 successes required) — to study and make

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


any sense of The Aneshexeton. There probably isn't time to
do so here in the desert iiven che effort invalved, but
research may begin if and when the characters return 10

ication. The formula describesa path to apothevsis with
4 strong necromantic component. The character unravels
the steps to achieving aad, but it soon becomes cleat
that comerhing és missing from the pute. The scholar
{earns great deal, though; her Occult Knowledge increases
by two,

Alexei and the Characters

If the characters experience Duar while in the
Fire Court, they may make a deal with Alexei. He
spares the tortured character in return forthe elders!
ait fn the pursaic of Lazarus' tomb and the Sargon
Fragment.

Alexclappeantbefore the charsetersin the desert,
after they leave the Fire Court, and sks if they
planned break their agreement. He insists on
joining them in search of dhe tomb. The characters
tnay fglve Alexet liege. He tloes his beat «0 wart off
their atcacks without harming anyone 100 badly. All
the while, he seeks to explain that his knowledge of
the occult can help the characters immensely; and
‘hit thete is strength in their cooperation. Alexel is

‘# powerful member of his clan, and agenuine alliance
‘wich fim would gain the characters a gteat deal of
{nlaence in Europe. Fighting the Tzimisce now might
also mean the characters' end.

Alexe! intends to rake The Anexhexeto for him-
self ihe and the charactet find it. He even trades
claim to Claudius Giovanni's blood for the Sarzon
Fragment, Alexei cakes the Fragment by force if nec:
‘cwsary, Nearly defeated characters may allow him to.
have #t rathec than meet their fate in fighting for it,

Marianna defies Alexei's claims, but even she
ecognues the dangers of confronting a Teimisce of
his magnitude. Of course, there is always the option

‘af shartering the tablet on which The Anexhexeton is
eownded. dre ¢haraciers done chink of, Markt

reworts (0 the desperate measure to keep apotheosis
‘ut of reach for Alexei, the Giovanat and the char-
acters. Alexei vents his rage on whoever shatters the
tablet, leaving hitn or her physically distorted before
he storms out of the tomb.

Aftermath

The Sun Has Set may end tn any number of says,
Tangging from the chameters coming away triumphant, £0
the Giovanni or Alexei taking possession of The
Anedhexeton, The characters may be free of Setite corrup-
tion, but some may still he uncer its sway.

aracters may decide that drinking Claudius' Blood
{in Lazarus' tomb is dangerous and take some of with them
for future study. Marianna tries to claim one of the four
remaining portions, incisting thae shir will drink it; she
believes ic w be a potent tool against the Giovanni. The
characters may let her have a container, but that leaves
only three. f Marianna is allowed to have a share, and the
chameters have helped het thus far, she proclaims hersell
their ally and promises to aid them in the future. If she is
refused a share, Marianna tries to grab one and escape into
the Shadowhinds with the help of a wraith ally (see
‘Marianna's profile). The portal she opens is reminiscent of
tharwhich Ambrogino might haveused to escape Valerius'
‘mansion in Book One. Marianna may proclaim antagonis
te characters as her enecinies before she disappears

Rosaura or Bakdesar Rossellini try to claim portions if
they are sill with the characters, The Giovanni are quick
to drink whar they can lay their hands on, in anticipation
‘of destroying evetyone in the tomb, The bid backfires,
though, as the overwheliming power of the ancient vitae
throws the Rossellinis into torpor.

Of course; cemaining characters must also decide who
among them can drink any remaining deatte Any erruaale
thar occurs in the tomb might abo desteay some of the
blood containers.

Characters who drink the Blood ane flooded with
usages. They witness Aujustus Giowanit stealing the lie
from Cappadocias, and killing his own son, They see 2
bblack storm gather over the world as the butriers between
the living and the dead collapse. Drinkers then know
nothing more as they slip into torpor. They do lower theit
generation by one in the process.

Any remaining chumctets have the choice of standing

Vigil over their fallen comrades, o carrying the uncon:
scious bodies back to civilizarion with them,

The Sun Has Ser


Postscript

point, Indeed, ehis story's conclusion may

questing as it

rise as many

sewers. The characters' relationship with

the Giovanni haracters gain
wane recognize themas the clan's
Ambrogino already has The
Teougrammaton, gained during the events of Blood & Fire.
Ihe gains The Anexhexeton, he ls two-thirds of the way to
sgodhead. Conflict with the Giovanni becomes m

Jowibe grows woene. IF th

The Anexhexetom,

heated

ecades that follow.

You may even want to stage a story of your own tha

ts strupoles with the Necrorns

aunpiric opinion ag
particularly among the Camarilla, who may
recognize the m:

continues the charac
The characters may try tosway
Giovann

pst che

mituce ofthe threat thar the Romans pos
es' elly

le. The ch

as other rivals of

backfire
with che

Giovarint against their con

T actions in London are certainly «
characters pursue this crime openly, the Giovanni ure put
oon the defensive. The accord (juished through by Rifael de

Corazon) established that council of elde

ry 13 yon

ro monitor the agenement

The Giovanni have almost unparalleled information.
sathering capabilities, and they have lenened rch

thetr enemies th
moet important pla
them, The Carsatilla has 1
whe

in the Jyhad remain unknown to
utinely sent elders to Venice

nist: ting elders have gained

{information on theirhostsas well. The Venice mi

Inevitably cat-and-mouse gum

true advantae. The characters might have the power t

nnecromaney and other hidden lore, Certainly thetr ability

imprave. Decicie howmuch you wantrhe charictersto leam

les posstble that ch:
Hiovanni Necromancy. You could eve
nation from Wraitht The Obliv
spirits and the lands of the dead. Ch
kniwledge might also make i difficule (though no

nay learn the lowest level

pass characters
in on the types af
wncters' increased

pos
use ghosts to spy on them. The

in some ways dependent on their
rodothetrown kegwork fo

Characters
(Egypt)

The Giovanni

Baldesar Rossellini
Backgrounds In life, Count

fay life a well brutaliine and raoing bots his wie ar

Blood Munt. Raldesar then brutally inducted his sister in

the family, with the permission of his site. As & vamp
iclesar was adept at amassing money and inspiring fer hk

influence tainted a hundred port cities around the worl

Unfortunately, he proved le

an adequate ta the ¥

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Beavo/Director

Generati

Embrace
Apparent Age: 30
Physical: S

ath 5, Dexterity 4, Seamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appeanince 4

Mental: Perce elligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3,

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Eriquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee
4, Music 1, Ride 3, Security 4, Stealth 2,

(Dueling sal
Knowledges: Bureaucr
Law 3, Linguist

3, Finance 3, Investigation 2,
Politics 2, Torture 4
Fortitude 3, Nec

«4, Occult 2

Disciplines:

romuncy 1, Potence 6, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 4,
Resources 5, Retainers 4, Status 4

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale $

Path: Death and ehe Soul

Willpower: &
Merity/Flaws: Underworld TieyShort Fuse, Dark Se:

et (Questions Augustus

Image: Bs nary in his mid-30s
He has kacurious ir that he usually wears in oiled
ringlets. The sands of Egype force him wo wear his bait in
umpler, conservative fashion, ti i beardand
lightly upturned mustache. His typical expression is that of
1 wolf eegarding a tabit

Roleplaying Hints: God, youhatehiscountry, Youbate
its heat, is dustand the sw

nsof angry insects along the Nile

nu hace its stupid monkey facet peasants, untouched by the
waysofeivilization, Yer, youhave aeagents in
Cairo were fess than adequate t and their failure

hs ons. You must
‘ake 9 more active role in arrers, That bitch Marianna has
more lives than a cat and is loose in this accursed pce. You

for Amb

reputation with your super

must captur

no of lose everythin

the past four cert

inspite fea

y

underlings hecinie i eases your

have eenthe pritsofthe Voidhowling ta e leaned upon the
unicash them. You enjoy the luzunes that your wealth brings

know that you woukd 1x in the kind of

wy great rol

world thot your chan would create. You ako fear and disensst
sister, who you believe would have you fa this mission.
Quote: See you in Hell! (Followed by gunshots.)
Equipment: Two British "man stopper" pistols, wealthy
merchant clothing, lucky bull

The Sun Has Set

Rosaura Rossellini

Background' Roeaurs w

after her parents! death, but it was only a

ty. Baldesar

alled her

fefuge from her brother

to Romeand put her through one harrowing ordeal after
ng her the salvation of the Embrace. Baldesae sou

whispered to Rosuura in the few brief moments that she
hung betwoen life und deaths asease of purpose and calm

arose in het, Thar's when Rosaura smiled, knowing that

controlled her destiny

herself in the

ways of the

yptsof Rome and Ven

Jead. She Is now under the tutelage uf
nd Is his agent of chotce in

ving Marianna and th

Ambtogino Giovann

Ambrogina allows Baldesar to command the mission

orcad pawen if all fils

igh, to recoup bis fa
Sire: Bales
Nature/Demeanor: Martyr/Masochist
Generatios


Embrace: A.D, 1447

Apparent Age: 30

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
3,M.

Mental: Perception 4,

Social: Charest

ulacion 4, Appearance 2
lligence 5, Wits 4

Empathy 1, Inti

Talents: Alertness 5, Dod

dation 3
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 4, Music (Flute) 3,

Ride 2, Security 4, Stealth 4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Finance 2, Investiga

4, Law 3, Linguistics >, Occult 9, Politics 4,
Thanatology 5
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Nec

nancy 6, Obfuscate 3, Patence 2, Th

imaturgy 5
Rituals: Spirit Beacon, Call upon the Shadow's
Backgrounds:

(an

Allies 4, Herd 3,
o) 5, Resources 3, Retainers 3, Status 4

Mentot

Willpower: 8
Merits/Flaw:
Foal (Ser

Eidetie Memo
Amb

Rosau

Occult Library/Driv

anni)

birdlike we

wearc her brown hair short and unadorned: Her clothes

are similarly plain; she wears a conservative gray dre

‘urpants and boots when in the desert. Her only affect
tion iy a small golden crucifix, Rosaura's eyes are black

moist, like orbs of onyx suspended in oll, She move
with modest, precise gestur a somewhat

hough a strong gust of wind
e has a soft, shy ¥

ethereal quality to her

could blow her away. SI
che speaks at al.

Roleplaying Hints: You surpassed your brother in
nectomantic skill Jong ago,and he fears you

ould. Heh

y and you forgive him his

aswell he

he next century with:

ryourhelp. Yer, you

exist for one purpose only: to ensure that your master
Ambrogino Giovanni may ascend to his place in the
heavens. Egypt poses oversheln culties, b

must steel yourself and survive whatever obstacles arise

if Ambroging is to prevatl
Tam truly
hand. Perh

after you are deed.

for the p

s you will be

Equipment: Plain cloching

Kenneth Stahl

Backgrounds Born into the Dutch-African Ghiberti

family, Kenneth made a small fortune selling arm in the
growing Afrikaner settlement on the Cupe of Good He

His ability to open up new markets impressed » Giovannt
merchant who offered hitn the Embrace. After being born

ceed to Cairo. He

quickly to

second in command of

1 combination of business acumen and aptitude
mancy. Freder
Fans eft th

Tiovanni's untimely death

business to Sahl,

did responsibility for

fan: Giovanni (Ghiberti Farnily)

Generation: 7th
Embrace: A.D. 1690
Apparent Age: 35

Physicals Strength 3,

Dexterity 5, Stamini

risa 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, ntelligenice 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Beaw

etwise 4

Book Two: Parhs of the Dead


Skil

Exiquette 1, F
alch 2, Survival 3

ns 3, Melee 2, Ride 3, Secu:

Knowledge
Law Ly Lingutatios

sult 3, Pol
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Necromancy 3, Pe

ics |

Ritual: Spirit Beacon
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts, Herd 2, Influence 3,

Resources 4, Retainers 3, Stanus 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Inst
Path: Deaths und the Soul
Willpower: 7

Image: Kenneth is. tall, somewhat lanky, man in his
i. teddish-blond hair, and a few
‘casially in hak
up sleeves. He has

cts 3, Courage 3

arly 30s, He has steai

n his face. He dress

soctal sieuations

Roleplaying Hinest Ie a job, imn't it? No one ever

peing Giovanni wasgoing tobe all money

that enery M
Thing. és, thie dumb fucker med to play games with her
just killing her. She escapes! and then — bang!

The business i

led Cappadocius' stink all over
anna slut when she appeared years aps.

appears outofnowhe rand takes Frederico's
a off. Stupid bastard,

head

oan, th

1 good

OF coure, when you gained Fredetico's posit
Inherited his headaches as well, Baldesar says he wants

Marianas alive for shipment to Rome. "Easter said than
done," you tell him. "Do at, orf will pull out your hear," he

replies. Fairenouyh. You've a nucabers man by trade, but you

have the will necersary to stick a knife in and twist. You've

dirty your hands over the years, and you'll see your
way through this, too.

nshots.)
hat

Equipment: Revolver, fighting ki

Giovanni Enforcers (Egypt)

Background: The Rowellias have fout Italian and
four Ghikerei ghouls with chem while in Egypt. The ghouls
are all highly loyal unl efficient, but there is friction be
een the two grours, The Italians have told Kenneth to
keep hismen in line." The ghoulsdo most ofthe Rosselli
legwork. They havea cart and divide their number into day
ind night shifts while in che
quently travel during the
speed

ert. The Giovanni fre
thus compromising safecy far

Physicals Sec
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation
lertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3

Skills: Fircarns 3, Melee 2, Repair 2, Ride 2, Security?
Stealth 2, Survival 2

High-powered rifle. heavy piatal, camels

blood, food and water, compass

The Sun Has Set


The Fire Court
(Characters)

Neferu

Background: The history of the Fire Court is linked
with thatof its founder. the chikl- Methuselah Neferu. Ages
Akhenaten, who the Setites cursed as
Jnt-bringer, became a heretic and cast down
's traditional gods — Aman, lis, Ositis and Set. The
phunioh insisted that the "old" gods bow before the new cult
of Atom, the one goad

Neferu was a lady in waiting to Akhenaten's wife
Nefertiray bur she was alt save tx temaple of See, The
people protested Akhenaten'ssacrilege, but only the Setites
acted to eetum Egype t0 «ts rightful state, Akhenaten's
visier, the dark-eyed commoner Ay, was a ghoul and
high priest in the now-hidden temples of Set. After
Akhenaten's death, Ay murdered his one heir,
Tutankhamen. Ay then attempted to marty the mut-
deted king's wife to become Pharaoh.

Akhenaten's widow wrote to the King of the Hittites,

requesting that he send one of his sons to marry her
instead, and she had Neferu deliver the letter, The
Hitcite agreed. but Ay's men hacked the prince down.
The grieving queen soon followed her husband iito
eternity, never knowing that the "dutiful" Nefetu had
betrayed her queen by sharing the letcer with Ay

The old gods tose again, and Ay's Setite patcons
abandoned him. The traitorous temple girl gained a
much grearer reward: A Setite Methuselah was im
pressed by Neferu's treachery and Embraced her into the
clan's coils

Over a thousand years passed hefore the child ap
peared again, when Egypt was under the heel c
conquerors: The Greek Toreador and Roman Ventrue

sought toenslave the land by using it us treasury tw fund

other conquests. However, even as Julius Caesar and
Mark Antony had to appeal to Cleopata to fulfill their
desites, 30 did the conquering Ventre and Toreador
need to deal with the Fire Cour. The court was created
by Neferu as the Setites' center of authority among the
foreign clans, Vampire lordssuch asthe Toreador Michae!
(liver Parriarch of Constantinople), the Ventrue putt
trch Bindusara.and the Sabbat Jalan-Aajav all reportedly
visited Neferu's court in their quests far arcane lore and

As foreiign conquerors enslaved Egypt further, re
ducing itt lirtle more than a province of their empites,

foul corruption emanated outward from the land. The

decay created by the Fire Court soon undermined the

very pillars of the Roman edifice. Vengeful vampire

ordsstruck at the court and supposedly destroyed it time
ys

¢ from the ashes in
today os the place where desperate vampires aust suppl
cate the Setites for aid — and ate corrupted in the

and again. Yer, the court al

bargain
Clan: Followers of Set
Nature/Demeanor: Autist
Generation: Sth
Embrace: 1352 B.C.
Apparent Age: 14
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Se
Soci Appearance 6
Mental Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6
Talents: Acting 6, Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brul 3

Dodge 6, Empathy 6, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5
Skillas Animal Ken 2, Exiquerte 5, Melee 3, Mise 5

Stealth 5, Survival 5

Knowledges: Finance 5, Investigation 5, Linguistics 5

ule 7, Politics §

hile

nina 4

wisma 5,

pulation 6,

Book Two: Paths of the Dead


Disciplines: Awspex'5,Celerity 2, Chimerstey 3, Domi
nate 5, Fortitude 3, Nectomancy 4,Olfuscate 3, Potence 1,
Presence 6, Quietus 1, Sexpentis 6, Thaumaturgy 6 (Cor.
ruption 5, Movement of the Mind 4)

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 7, Influence 5,
Mentor 7, Resources 6, Retainers 6, Status 5

Virmes: Callousnes 5. Instincts 5, Morale §

Paths Typhon 9

Willpower: 10

Imager The mind and power of an ancient in a
child's form, Princess Neferu seemingly embvidies the
innocence of childhood. She wears « red and white tobe
that curly and billows around herasif caught in a breeze,
Her movements are effortless; thote who watch her
tealize that her feet never touch the ground. The court
moves in harmony around her and cuters to her every
whim, Neferu speaks infrequently, but when she does, it
is a melodious sound like chimes in the wind. Her
‘musical laughter and enigmatic verse hide words of
momentous importance and dark desire. Neferu neve
feeds from the teuly innocent, despite — or pechaps
because of

her corruption,
Although Neferu is immensely powerful, there isan,

{indefinable air of something even older looming behind
facade

Roleplayien, L
hat you will be

the cou

‘These foreiyners sre amusing,
id when they are gone. The skeins of
fate are woven tightly about them: it sdangerous to deat
with them, Thankfully, thar is not yon
dtspaise of them and the Necromancer

nk. Let Jocalo
ishewill; youdo
not relish the thought of engaging an Antediluvian,
‘vert one as young as the pretender Augustus, You hi
in uneasy relationship kes you laugh
irmor, You like him after
» fashion, but since when wax their ever trust between
Quotes You do me an honor by coming to m

find wha you seek here

Storytelle

Neferu is extremely poweeful but dis:
he uses Dominate and Presence to contral

The Sun Has Set

Sobek (Third Vesset of Iniquity)

Background: Sobek is the Fire Court's third high
priest since ity inception, and he has used his pesition to
influence Egypt and the country's worldly interests. No
cone brows whietier Sobek ts the direct childe of Neferu
or if he owes his unlife to another master. He presid
over most ceremoniesand conveys the wishes
supplicants to the child-princess. There are son
court who consider Sobek a buffoon,

Clan: Followers of Set

Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Director
eneratian: bah

Embrace: A.D. 850

Apparent Age: 40

Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 4,

Soe risa 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, lacelligence 3, Wits 3

‘Talents: Acting 4, Alermess3, Athletics 2, Dodge4,
Empathy 4. Intimidation 5, Leadership §

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 5, Game Playing 3,
Melee 3, Mune 4, Ride 3, Stealth 4

Nefetu's

inthe


Knowledges: Binreaucracy 4, Finance 4, investigation 4,
Law 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 4, Thanatolegy 3

ciplines: Auspex

wninate 4, Fortitude 2, Ob:
fuscate 3, Potence 2, Presence 4, Serpentis 6
Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts 5, Hen, Influence,
Rewaices §, Rerainers 5, Starus 4
Vietwest Callou
Humanity/Path
Willpower: 9
Meritss Church Ties
Image: Sobek is 0 Linge, bald, bull-necked man in
his early 40s. His face looks as if it's ex
stone and is often as enigmatic as the Sphinx itself. His

ns 5, Instincts 4, Courage

Ecstasy 8

ed from sand:

smile is a little sly, which is a habit he ©
break. His is green and
ssa long golden staff with a cobra coiled around (t
ed Europcar suit
he leaves the Fire Cont,

He wears white robes ora richly tal

he rare uccasions tha
Roleplaying Hi
the Fre Court

ts You ace the third high priest of

.cessors failed because they
thar, Let the

our pre
but you are anyd
squeamish pick and choose thei
way to be strong and to be one with See is to indulge in
all vices. You engage in every hedon

were weak ng bs

every fad and every decadent rend. Yon have 2 special

appeals to your warped sensibilities

Though youbelieve that most perversions strengthen
you, one may destray you: The child-goddess thy
e:ve trips through your mind, invading your every

waking hour. She whispers nightly of your

ssyet gives
Your obwes

you tio hope of realising your dark desire

sion for her will surely be your undoing.

You look upon those who come to the court with a

ptilisn disdain, but you know how to be eharrn:

cold,

ing. You

ermine victim! des
Lnowledye —and
Quote: Why do

rapidly —sex, wealth,
ght to destroy th

you complain? You knew' I was a

Equipment: Priestly wbes, sharp-edged cobra

Code of Ser

af,

Gilycon

Background: Glycon was

mbraced in 12th-cen-

and Assamites. Indeed, the war to claim Egypt a
fought primarily between Awsamite and Serite lord
serous ame. The wats for Egype became so heated

that vampire masters eventwally fought them them

elves. The mortal Glycan stumbled upon june such a

battle, fou

it by un apparent Mamluk invader and Egyp

tian holy man.

Giycon intervened on the prieat's behalf. The inte

stor of a fhumeave nears

being wielded, bur h Assamite

enough for the Serite priest to remove hi

head. The holy man thanked Glycon for hu
help and peered into the young man's pious soul: The
priest took the mortal under his wing and explained thi

id his brother Osit
ed into the Serire wart
hin 1 the

hatred between Set
hen Embs
and loyalty

Book Two:

‘aths «


Clan: Fo
Nature/Dem
Generation: 7th

Embrace: A.D. 1169

anor: Competitor/Traditionalist

Apparent Age: 21
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6 (Ded:
ented)

Social: Chacisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talenta: Alertness 3, Athletics , Brawl 5, Dodge 4,

Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3
Skille: Animal Ken 2, Exiquerre 2, Firearms 4, Melee

3, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Investig
Aedicine 2, Occult

Linguistics 2
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Obfus

tate 5, Potence 4, Protean 2, Quietus 2, Serpentis 6
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Herd 5, Influence',

Resources 4, Status
Vie

est Callousness 3, Instincts 5, Cour

Willpower: 7
Merit: Police Thes

Image: Giycon ts lean, young warrior who move

ntlike grace, He is bald und Ini skin ts tan, with

red scorpion tattoo

Roleplaying Mints: As 0 iember of the Bec

hood of the Scorpion, you are an instrument. You have

forged yourself into a weapon, one that yout masters use

to destroy their enemies. This i nor to say that you
lear
Gangtel in particular, but yor stop

killing them if your masters bid it. You r
ruelest of deaths f

he hated Assamites
Quote: You are good. I like th:

Equipment: Sword, high-caliher rifle and pistol

Alexei (a.k.a. Myca Vykos, Sascha
Yykos)

Background: Myca Vykos was an adheron

Constantinople's Obertus Teimisce, but he consorced with

Serites and fe

om the puree faith. The apo,

Jack grimoires and cultivated his Vicissitude over t

centuries thar followed. He spawned a thousand rivulets of
terror that earned into a bloody torrent throughout Europe

Dark Ages. Inst

ig vines in his wake

the tum of the 19th century, Alexet ca

Fite Coury, lik
He spoke w

s many other vampire lords of ang

h Princess Weferu for an entite week bel

position as the Fire Court's chief undertaker. The previous

Clan: Tsimise

ure/Demeanor

Genorations 6th

Apparent Age:

The Su

Has Ser


arisma 3, Manipul:
eption 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 5
ing 2, Alerness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4,
Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Intimidation 6, Streetwise
Skills: Eriquette4, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Repair 3, Ride3,
Stealth 4,5
Knowledgest Bureaus
investigation 4, Linguistics 3, Medicine 5, Occult (Book of
Nod) 6, Science 4, Thanatology 4
Disciplines: Animalum 5, Auspex 5, Domi
Fortitude 2, Potence 3, Thaumaturgy 4, Victssitude 6
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 5, Influence 3,

vival 3, Torture 5

3, Finance 2, History 6

Resouces 4, Seatus (Priveus) 4

Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 5, Morale 4

Path: Caine 7

Willpower: 9

Merits/Flaws: Acute Senses, Ambidextrous, Double
Jointed/Overconfident

mage: Alexei has used his mastery of Vieitsitude to

nto a mask of sinister and alten
beauty: His features ate absolutely symmetrical. His
expression is derisive, yee his words are police and well:

transform bis featu

measured, almost introspective
He wears a black torturer's robe and a wask of

Anubis, of the greatcoat of a modern European gentle

Roleplaying Hints: Vampire lord
Fire Court over the centuries for a very good reason:

There is power and arcane knowledge herv beyond the
n. The Setitesallow you tostudy theit mrt
ary tomes in return for your services. You have gamered

ad fear during
yout stay. The Setites are Necioancers of sorts, but

hs insights into anatomy, putreface

hs seem lost on the cl
ed these dark mysteries and have

pete greatest

's young. You,

however, have expli

plumbed the Serpents' mortuary secrets. Youhave delved
into tomes and performed rituals that even they seem to

You site also w master torturer and a char

ning eon
ple to understand what
happens to them as you lovingly render their skin and

setsativnalist. You want pe

bone into symphonies of agony

follow the Path of Caine and walk in the

Father's footsteps. Augus

senile old foo! Cappadoct

is Giovannt, Set and that

all pale by comparison
hild. You seek power as a means of
lf worthy co serve the Dark One. Thus far,

Lilith's unholy sn
mak

that your interests do

t with those of your Setite "hosts." Neferu

saged your talents for a

y-Only 18 years rem:
of your tenure, which you may see through — you
your word, after all
Lazarus' tomb interests you greatly, though, If the

gain

secrets, You carefully weigh the

hy

Quoter That was nat

es6, the ti
knowing the Sev
that the Serpents have nc

Storyteller: If any

Lord

themandatiemprto ally with them ay

Vykos; read Ci

Alexei

2 (Bor more on Alene), atkat

charycters were Embraced

nay take a yenuine inter

astantinople by Night.)

shea prise beyond compare
nothing but sand). Yet, you suspect
ks of offendin,
al rewards of Lacaras! rem

The Messenger of Jocalo
Background: The Mesenger of Jocalo is the mont
fother Serites are sure of what to make of her. She ft

appeared at
13th century

1¢ shadowy

d many theortze

Count Jocalo's side inv the

Book Two:

Paths of the Dead

athy


The Messenger ts clearly Indian by birth, ond she

doplays a bizarre array of abilities and Disciplines. The few
who know het ate amazed that

she seems equally at eave
ue high art of the Vedas as

s divcwsing
Messenger

appenes before chose that Count Jocdilo uses in his power
kilful diplomat. The Me

m his two Malkavian cc
Clan: Fo! f Set
Count Jocalo

th ora

accompanied Joc
le For spiriting M;

jotte
panto

Nature/Demeanor: Perfectionist/Autist
Generation: 6th

Embraces A.0). 895

‘Apparent Age: 20

Physical: Scrongth 4, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4

ram 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Socials Ch

Mental; Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

‘Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Dodge 5,
Enypathy 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 4, Streetwise 3
Skills: Etiquette 5, Melee (Saber) $, Musie4, Ride 4,

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finan

62, lnvestigation 5,

Law 1, Linguistics 5, Occult $
isciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Chimerstry 6, For:
tieude 2, Obfuscate 5, Presence 6, Serpentis 2
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Mentor

Usealo) §, Resources 3, Searus 3
Virtues: Callous

Paths:

2, Instincts 5, Cournge-+
iti 7

Willpower: 9

Merits: Esleuc Memory, Acute Vision, Magic Resistance

Image: Th
image. Sh

Messenger usually maine

with

son lips and gl
riod lapis henddeess,
n her back

she catries two curved swords in

old she

I the Messenger is ever encountered in her hi
nomic dunk skin nigh
ule-colored eyes. If she allows herself to
bbeseen this way,she may even introduce herself as"Mara."

Roleplaying Hints: You ate
Lilith, an

features and dark

nner high pri

you watch the antes of the Giowonint and

other foreigners with detached amusement: Jocalo allows

You toexpress your love for the mother-goddess while fn his
Although the Lilim believe they are hidden from

aster actually discovered therm altos

Set, your

Your service to Jocalo ensures the Lilim of their

1, whether they know ir ot nor

You consider yourself innately superior to mont Kin:
dred ina are particulsely disdainful of the Giovanni, who
hhuned down the las of the Lam

the Fire Coir are your play thingy; you do all that you can
to make their say « painful one, even if ie means fayoring

the other foolish foreigners.

trange, unearthly

urved saber, silver daggers, poetry book

wer bs welldisposed to
ms and highly, knowledgeable aboue the

: Embraced by Claudius C
the events of The Last Supper, Mariana has
of the Giovanni's mast intractable enenies. She 6 re
sible for the deaths

Necromancers, and the Giovanna have spent vastamounts
cof time and energy to find and destroy heer. She first met the

The Sun Has Set


characters in the events surrounding their Embrace, and
in during the events of Blood & Fiee. She may hive
even struck i tenuusalliance with the characters in 1666,

Marianna is primarily loner, bat she has made sorne
valuable alliances over the centuries. These relationships
‘combined with the arcane spirit loreshe has acquired, have
allowed her to evade the Giovanni far longer than would
scent possi

Martatina's occult knowledge derived ftom nightmare
and whispered omens that compelled her to find
Capradocius' mountain fortess, Ercives. She uncovered!
the dead Antediluvian's arcane library hidden at the
mountain's roots; studying his tomes, Marianna gained
acces to necromantic secrets unknown to even the
mnni While far fromm mastering, Cappadacius! lore
Marianna has teamed briskly; her very existence is an
increasingly painful thorn in Augustus Giovanni' sie.

Clan: Giovani

ire: Chaadius Giovanni

Nature/Demeanor: Martyt/Loner

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 1444

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 9

Talents: Acting 2, Alerenes 4, Dodge 5, Empathy 3,
Hagiling 2, Interrogation 3, Intrigue 4, Masquerade 3,
Search 3, Seduction 4, Sense Deception 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Dancing 3, Etiquette 3, Fase
Talk 3. Game Playing 3, Melee (Sword) 5, Meditation 3,
Music 3, Reseateh 5, Sleight of Hand 2, Stealth 4, Tracking §

Knowledgest Alchemy 2, Comuritla Lore 2, Investiga

ion 4, Kindred Lore 4, Law 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2,
Occult 5, Theology 2, Wraith Lore 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Coterity 3, Dominate 4, For
titude 3, Neeromancy 4, Ohfuseate 4, Potence 4
‘Thaumaturgy 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, (
Virtue
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 7
Merits/Flaws: Higher Purpose, Concentration, Me
diuam/Nightmares

Tmmaget Marianna
with fl
aged slightly over the p
‘youthful features are now tired and worn. She dresses in
ale

nets 5, Resin
-Control 4, Cour

Yonwsclence 3,

im. heauriful, young woman

Jame-ted hair and brown eyes. She seems to have

centuries, however; her ance

loose fittingand p:
dark colors
Roleplaying Hints: You ace
son — you have been the pawn of other powers for
centuries. The Giovanni created you and fave hunted

ucually black or other

noid for goo rea

you ever sihce. You believe that Cappadocius' soul
watches over you and that you are the means ro hie
vengeance. He has taught y
evade the

what younced to know to

id to strike at them. Yer, your
mnearthly patron is enigmatic, You sometimes sense his

fatherly presence; other times you feel uttetly aloue.
You ate 400 years old
you cannot die — yer. C
Cappadocins
uttent path foe "higher tieals," you are not
controls your destiny.
You sympathize with the others Embraced hy the

nd weary of the world, but
wudius, Ambrogino and even
festolen your life from you. Though you

Canypiracy of Isase; they share part of your fare
Equipment: Nondescript traveling clothes, robe

with hood, sword

Storytelleet Marianna has learned many secrets
Gomi the Lesser Key of Cappude

unknown to all but the most skilled Necte
mancers. Marianna made a costly yet with a wraith
before her arrival nt the Fite Court; she can escape death
to the Shadowlands

bby beityg led

Book Two: Paths of the Dead



Appendix One:

Clan Alliances

hope


left to thei own devices

Camarilla Characters indy) nx

weight in Egypt's isolated 1

Hiche characters were faithful to Camarilla ingerestsin

tet

Unforrunately, dhe characters' rivalry with the

may have sgh Giovanni doesn't commund oundinyg response that
wumples of "true* Camarilla vampires. Most Kindred are thecharacters might The Camanilla has declared
duals hy and such ideological indoc- Clan Giovanni "anathema," buc the sect currently consid.
ination is eel ry ersthe Nectomancers a peripheral theeat compare
Th ulers try to influenice the characters through Sabbat. The Founders show little interest ultimately in

well. Characters' personal freedoms (at least their public the immediate favor of the Fouts an conutnand

thes) te curtailed by being the Founder's representatives: some sway — and may even have

athe than bitter und petty. However, working with the

Fomdersand beingesteemed member ofthiercongvo ‘Salbat Characters

Sabbat of the characters'
ence have probably obtained some rank in their sect

might have in theits, A society such as the Sabbat thet

The Sun Has Set


composed of individuals demands thar each earns prestige
and power through herown deeds. Politica allianees, favors
and deals hold less weight in the Sabbar than they do in the
Camuarlla, Thus, Sabbat characters are somewhat on their
own in the event of The Sun Has Set, unless they can call
upon personal favors oF inion.

ers defected from uve Camasilla during
Pinel Sabbat elders may have encouraged
them tomaintain their Camanilla identities in order to spy
fon the enemy camp, However the higher that such chatac-
ters climb in che Camarilla, che greater their chance of
tliscovery, Thus, spiesprobably keep out ofthe limelight and
stay their distance from the Founders. Sabbat spies do have
the benefit of donving ot support from two sources. The
trick ts to eroure th che Camarilla never learns the truth
about the elders, and thar other Sabbar do nor conse the
character' Camaritl "allegiances" to be genuine.

Independent Characters

An independent yroup of sampines may become in
volved in the events of The Sun Has Set in many way,
Peshups the characters experienced the events ofthe fist ewo
brooke, but have had cnough of the imperious whims of the
Founders und Sablut lords and have dissolved their set tis.
Such chamncters might have clan loyalties, but no lave for
either social order. Maybe they slip slowly toward anarchy,
rninenininys their Camilla of Sabot identities ab corive
nient fictions. Such charactersarein very dangerouspositions,
but they have the freedom to forge their own destinies,

the characters were Embraced by the Conspiracy of
tkoae, nocall ofthett ses necessity belonged to declare hut
constitute the modem Camarilla or Sabbac. The following
options are available for characters Embraced by independent
conspiraros

‘A chatacter Embraced by Gabrin the Ravnos finds
homeamongthe Rom quickly. This factor is especially true if
shespeaksill of er sire, who wae not popula with the clan. A

Ravnow vampire may attempr to juevive the events ef this
book without compromising her freedom, Fut there will he
many who want tobens the Ciypay to thew will. The ability ta
read dreams and prophesies i highly pris
Setites, in porticul, ight concer
rupkive efforts on the Raviws c

A childe of Ba
urns umong he Asan
clan and the Assamites try to collect his blood
the character. An Asamite-horn churacter may find a
home in another clan, become unto 4 Cats, oF join the
ranks of the Assamive wusriba. (Obvivwsly, you should
ignore this suggestion if the character hav alteady
the Assamitesduring the eventsef the previous twobooks.)

The Followersof Set hi
collect Lady Amtss chi
her. A character who tries to initiate
Serpents finds theirtral tobe extren
a persistent character might eventually have a striking
dream about a hauntingly beautiful Sette girl in the
desert... A wayward Serice wha travels to Egypt is "wel
comed home" by the Fire Court and is given acces
court's resources, but he i expected to be more loyal to
[Neferu chan to his ewn companions

Independent characters are on their own through.
out this chronicle more so than any vampites who ate
connected to the Camarilla or Sabbat. Chamcters with
‘out soetetal ties Can expect assistance from no one
What do sect vampires gain from helping loners? Of
course, that assumes the characters hive noth
for others' aid. Independent v
by necessity; they have to rely on theirown strengt
survive. Independent characters might thetefore buy
trade or bully for resources, information or assis
even from Cama vampires. Other Cainites
may belong ts the sects and appear to be loyal, but all
varnpires seek to provide for themselves in the end, and
all Kindred have their price

made no apparent mov
though they are very awa

contact with the

ly elusive. However,

Appendices


Appendix Two:
19th-Century Firearms

ich century. Some tifles designed at the century's ena! are used throughous thie
ion, barrel design and materials
nce 1666, having given way co pinfire cartridges.
the |

is and humans may use —some of these guns
explained in the Vampi

20th cencury with only minor m

‘ations. Innovations in ammun
anil rate of fire. Matchlock ignition has bes
ths first pr ,

nye, power
ine obsolete

ole patents

revolver design in 1835, though hand: advanced cylinder revolvers existed as early

century
The following lists detail the

ns that 19th-century vampires,

fe used hy characters in this book. Categories such as Rute and Range an rules

1848
Pistols
Colt Paterson: Difficulty 6, Damage 4, Rare 2, Clip 5, Concealment J, Range 15

Derringer Pocket Pistol*: Difficulty 6, Damage 5, Rate 1, Clip 1, Concealment P, Range 12
Pepperbox Revolver: Difficulty 6, Damage 4, Rate 1, Clip 6, Concealment J, Range 15

Scottish Snapchance*: Difficulty 7, Damage 4, Rate 1, Clip 1, Concealment J, Range 10
US Navy Model 1843: Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip ty Concealment J, Range 20
* Mu

loaded, one-shot weapon; must be reloaded with every chor |

Rifles
Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip 1, Concealment N, Range 100
Flintlock Revolving Carbine: Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip 7, Concealment T, Range 100
Hall Carbine: Difficuley 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip 7, Conecalment N, Range 120

Ferguson Rifle: Difficulty

The Sun Has Set


1882

By the 1850s, smoothbore weupons give way to rifled barrels, increasing both range and accuracy
The first self-advancing revolvers are not generally available until the 1890s

Pistols
British "Man-Stopper": Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip 6; Concealment J, Range 30
Colt Lightning: Difficulty 6, Damage 4, Rate 2, Clip 6, Concealment J, Range 30
Lancaster Model 1882: Difficulty 6 Damage 5, Rare 1, Clip 4, Concealment J, Range 40
Remington Derringer: Difficulty 6. Damage 5, Rate 1, Clip 2. Concealment P. Range 25
Sharps Pocket Pistol: Difficulty 6, Damage 4, Rate 2, Clip 4, Concealment P, Range 25

Rifles
Colt Model 1855: Difficulty 7, Damage 6; Rare 1, Clip 5, Concealment N, Range 125
Jacob Rifle: Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Cli 2, Conceulment N, Range 250
Sharps Model 1855: Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate 1, Clip 1, Concealment N, Range 100
Vetterli Model 1881: Difficulty 7, Damage 6, Rate |, Clip 13, Concealment N, Range 175

Winchester Model 1873: Difficulty 6, Damage 5, Rate 2, Clip 7, Concealment N, Range 150

Appendices


CS

BUACK D
The Masquerade Hantp of GAME FACTORY
Ser undo On
