# File: Giovanni Chronicles II - Blood and Fire.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Che

IVE

GIOVANNI CHRONICLES II

GAME FACTORY-
Fa Aus On

Giovanni Chronicles Il:

Sle

hE

By Richard E. Dansky, Cynthia Summers and
Christopher Howard


Credits

Written by: Richard E. Dansky, Cynthia Summers and
Christopher Howard

Developed by: Jennifer Hartshorn and Robert Hatch
Edited by: Ronni Radner
ident in charge of production: Richard Thomas

Vice Pri

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles, Lawrence Snelly

Interior Art: Jason Brubaker, Dennis Calero, Richard
Clark, James Daly, Fred Harper, Eric Hotz, Leif Jones,
Larry MacDougal, Andrew Ritchie, Andrew Robinson,
Alex Sheikman, E. Allen Smith

Front & Back Cover Design: Kathleen Ryan

Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
R Suite 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

CAME STUDIO

©1996 White Wolf, Inc. All
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purpose of
of rewiews. The Giovanni Chronicles: Blood and
Fire and Vampire: The Masquerade are trademarks
of White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names, pla
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

rights reserved

sand

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyrighted concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader

discretion is advised. PRINTED INCANADA

Blood and Fire

Special Thanks

Thanks to Jen Hartshorn, for her love of beauty and
tolerance of grotesquerie; to Sean Bajar, for never really
getting a shot; to George Schmauch, for his verbal and
pictorial prowess; to Trace O'Connor, a lady of great dignity
and class; to Elizabeth Folkes, for slogging through to our
doom; to Lisa Charlton, for actually having a clue; to Lori
Sanders, who'd damn well better come back and split a
pitcher or three with me; to Roger Smith, catalogue artiste
nonpareil; to Bruce Butkovich, who will soon be laughing
us from center stage at the Roxy amid a deluge of women's
undergarments; to Dave Remy — vaya con Dios, ‘cause you
can't tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks,
and don'tstep on any rabid Ariolimax columbianus; to Remy
Blaine, for being dedication personified; to Cindy Mayberry,
Ghost of Ads Future; to Steve Smelker, for doing his dutyon
the West Coast; and last but certainly not least, to Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook, who is an immensely talented artist and
an even better friend.

You will all be missed.


| Giovanni Chronicles Il:

Shae?

hE

Contents
Introduction 4
Act One: Unholy Bandits 10
Act Two: The Black Monastery 36
Act Three: Flash Point 68
Appendices 104

Contents


Blood and Fire is the second book in the Giovanni
Chronicles and it continues the story begun in The Last
Supper. Characters from the first story may be used
ding this story; in fact, such is preferable.

Two centuries have passed, and the characters are
Olonger the raw neonates they once were. They have

fained understanding of Kindred society and may well
haveamodicum of power in the newly formed Camarilla
(though not too much, or they won't be able to be
persuaded" to help the Founders). The year is 1666,
and characters are presumed to be familiar with the

customs and institutions of the Renaissance world.
(Characters may be "updated" by giving them 30 addi-
tional freebie points to spend as the players choose or as
logic dictates.)

Blood and Fire may also be played with new charac-
ters created specifically for the story (Blood and Fire, like
all the Giovanni volumes, may be played as a stand-alone
story). Characters are created per the normal character
generation procedure, but the Storyteller should give
each character 25 additional freebie points, the better to
handle the perilous tasks ahead.

Introduction


hat Has Gone
Before

Giovanni Chronicles One: The Last Supper dealt
with the death of the Antediluvian progenitor of the
Cappadocian clan and the ascendancy of the Giovanni
necromancers. Characters created during that story began
asthe food, and then the pawns, of the Conspiracy of Isaac,
a group of vampires committed to helping the Giovanni
attain supremacy in the Cappadocian clan. The characte
were created as cannon fodder against the Conspiracy's
enemies, the Founders of the Camarilla. The characters
came into conflict with both the Founders and their
erstwhile masters. In so doing they learned two secrets:
The Antediluvian Cappadocius sought apotheosis, and
Augustus Giovanni sought Cappadocius' blood. Ultimately,
Augustus Giovanni slew Cappadociusand drank his blood,
leading to the demise of the Cappadocian clan and the rise
of the Giovanni in its place

Creating a
Character for
Blood and Fire

The world of Blood and Fire is not the world of today's
Cainites; it is far more Gothic than Punk. To create a
character for this world requires a basic understanding of its
vagaries, as well as recognizing the differences and similari-
ties between the 17th century and today. There is far more
toa Renaissance character concept than hose, a floppy hat
and an outrageous accent,

Picking a Concept

The first step in creating a Renaissance character is
deciding ona character concept. Certain ones thatadd spice
toamodern Vampire campaign (hacker, gangsta, mafioso)
have no place in the 17th century. On the other hand, that
world offers some unique opportunities for roleplaying.

While the roleson the bottom (street criminal, escaped
slave) and the top (noble, lord of the church) are easily
defined, there are new possibilities in the middle. Merchant
princes and guild artisans are examples of middle-class
character concepts; explorers are another. There also exists
an entire domestic servant class from which to draw, as well
as the subculture of carriage drivers, grooms and whatnot
necessitated by a culture that travels by horse. It'sa brave old
world, and your character concept should reflect and grow
from that, instead of being a modern character awkwardly

forced into an older setting.

Blood and Fire

Renaissance Technology _

The only firearms available are flintlock pistols
and muskets, Both must be reloaded with everyshot.
Flintlock pistols may be fired every turn by anyone
with Firearms Skill, every other turn by an untrained
wielders they are Otherwise treated as heavytevolv- |
ers, buewith halved range. Muskets may be firedonce
every three turns by a trained user and may not be
used without trainings otherwise treat them as rifles,
but with halved range.

Spending Points
Several abilities havea great deal more importance or
'soteric abili-

Renaissance characters than modern ones.
ties from the Players' Guide, such as Falconry, are of
increased importance. Knowledge of Heraldry is the differ:
ence between seeing a carriage go by and knowing, by the
coat of arms emblazoned on the outside, precisely who isin
the cartiage. You should select your characters Abilities

and emphasize them accordingly.

A male noble character without a solid understanding
of Etiquette is unthinkable, unless he is specifically de-
signed to be a bor. Similarly, most (if not all) nobles have
a good knowledge of Riding, but Driving is left to carriage
drivers and servants. Pistols are becoming common, espe:
cially for dueling, but every noble worth his salt still knows
how to use a rapier. French is the lingua franca of the
continent, and not being conversant in la Francais is
equivalent to having dung on one's shoes.

There exists a curious dichotomy for female charac-
ters; noblewomen of the period are in many cases expected
to spend their days in needlepoint and harpsichord prac
tice. Such characters would likely know several languages
(French, English and Latin especially), as well as having
extensive networks of Contacts and Allies in the salons of
Europe. This is not to say that noblewomen would never
know anything pertaining to a more active life, but rather
that these characters would be rare, and have to deal with
social consequences of their "unladylike" behavior. On
ngsuch knowledges would provide

the other hand, posses:
quite an ace up the sleeve for a supposedly demure and
retiring Viscountess who was faced with sassy ruffian:

Lower-class female characters, however, are fully
expected to have a full knowledge of more physical and
earthy skills. Such characters might well have a few
points in Brawl (and almost definitely ones in Dodge
would not be surprising for such characters to possess
knowledges relating to commerce and other such tradi-
tionally "male" arenas. (See Moll Flanders by William
Defoe for a perfect example.)


Lower-class male characters, like their female counter-
patts,areunlikely to know how to read or write, leavingsuch
things for their betters. Knowledges are rarely possessed,
though there is a definite emphasis on Talents. Most men
cannot afford fencing masters, ergo Melee is unlikely to
havemore than adot or two unless the character comes from
amilitary or mercenary concept.

Equipment and Rules of
Association

While upward mobility is slowly gaining acceptance as
asocial concept (so long as wealthy merchants have daugh-
terstomarry off to bankrupt nobles' sons), class delineations
in1666 are very strong and very real. Upper-class characters
willl not, except under great duress, voluntarily associate
with characters from lower-class backgrounds. They may
expect obedience or even outright servitude from them,
depending upon their upbringing, but egalitarianism is
Unthinkable. For a noble character to be addressed as an
equal by a commoner would be regarded as a deadly insult.
Horsewhipping a peon who dared address his betters with
familiarity would be regarded as proper behavior on the part
ofanoble, or even a wealthy merchant, and social opinion
would be solidly on the side of the noble.

Many weaponsare impossible to conceal, and formal dress
fortheday isnot conducive toaction. One cannot hidea rapier
tinder a trenchcoat (as such do not exist) or even a traveling
cboak: Even pistols tend to be too bulky to conceal easily.
Remember, also, that there are no mail-order catalogs or 24-
hour stores available. Broken equipment is difficult, if not
impossible, to replace. Ifa pistol is lost in the Alps, there is no
convenient gun shop around the next coulé with a sale on
flintlocks and no seven-day waiting period. Theft and barter
are common ways to acquire property, but failed thieves are
Punished with mutilation or death. Money is a real concern,
and those who have it do not associate with those who do not.

Story Synopsis

The characters are called together by the Founders for a
Yeryimportant task—to reclaim certain manuscripts belong-
ingto Cappadocius. These manuscripts basically amount to
the Dead Sea Scrolls for Kindred society. The papers in
Gutstion were part of the necromancer's extensive library,
believed tohave been lost when the Giovanni destroyed their
Site. But recently, the Founders have linked the disappear-
ances of a number of rare manuscripts with the Giovanni
clan, and they fear that the Necromancers are attempting to

tie the information in these fragments to grant themselves
ollike powers. Knowledge is power, and if these manuscripts
docontain information superseding that in the Book of Nod,
thiscould make the Giovanni very powerful indeed. Will the
characters retrieve the manuscripts for their masters, assist
the Necromancers or do something else entirely?

as

Introduction

Blood and Fire

Act One

The adventure begins in Italy, as the players are
brought together by the Founders. The characters are
asked to report to a manse in Rome. Should any of the
player characters refuse, the Founders will not hesitate to
Summon them, of, in the unlikely event that that fails,
drag them in via brute force.

A manuscript, or rather, a collection of manuscripts
have disappeared. The Founders explain that Cappadocius
had come into possession of a number of fragments believed
tohave been lost from the main religious canon for centuries
(see The Last Supper: p. 7, "Lilith," p. 8, "Apotheosis').
These included excerpts from ancient Christian, Gnostic
and Zoroastrian manuscripts stating, among other things,
that consuming the "body" of God may literally transform
one into divinity — something alluded to throughout the
Christian tradition. These manuscriptsalso postulated Lilith
as the equal of Jehovah and outlined a process by which a
ritual called "The Anointin
light and darkness in one being. Cappadocius sought to
posses deific powers by unlocking this mystery, and obtain
ultimate power over life and death

could unite the powers of

Through extensive investigation, characters learn who
has made off with the manuscripts — one Ambrogino
Giovanni, a favored son of the family, who was asked to
obtain and make several copies of the manuscripts in ques-
tion to ensure that they would not be lost again. Characters
deal with many of Ambrogino's agents, but the culprit
himself has fled Rome for the Swiss Alps. Characters un-
doubtedly give chase, which leads to Act Two.

In the course of their investigations in Italy, particu-
larly astute characters may realize that someone has
apparently already come before them, interrogating many
of the same witnesses and following the same clues they
possess. At this point it is not possible for them to
ascertain who itis, but it should unnerve them slightly to

know they are racing against another investigator as well

as the Giovanni.

Act Tw

In this act, the characters travel to a remote section of
the Alps, where they discovera monastery, of sorts. Itishere
that some of the newly formed Sabbat's wisest members
have gathered to try to discover a way to reconcile their
inhumane passions with the Beast. The Paths of Enlighten-
ment, as they would come to be known, are for the most part
developed here, as vampires try to find meaning and spiri-
tuality in their

lamned existences.

Itistothisenclave that the characters trace Ambrogino
Giovanni. The elders here will insist that before they will
speak with any of the characters about their search for the
missing manuscripts, they must first agree to spend some
time at the enclave. Here, they will each go through vision

quest of sorts, in which they must decide for themselves
what they truly value in life, and what their own morals are.
Forsome, this may be the beginningofasearch for Golconda;
others may realize surprising truths about themselves.

Ieis here that they will encounter the other individual
trackingthemissingmanuscripts.Itisnoneotherthan Marianna,
the young woman who was among them when they were
brought to Giovanni's manse in Act One of The Last Supper.
Shetooseekstofind thismanuscript, but for reasons ofherown.
She is doing everything in her power to block the advances of
the Giovanni, but she is unlikely to support the Founders
either. She may become an ally of the player characters for the
final two acts, of she may try to get the manuscript for herself,
dependingon the opinionsandactionsofthe player characters.

Ultimately, characters learn that Ambrogino has fled
the scene once more — this time for London, to obtain the
services of a translator.

Act Three

InAct Three, the characters, having tracked Ambrogino
to London, attempt to acquire the manuscript once more.
Ambrogino has come here to obtain the services of one
Andre Mallotte, a vampire scholar and one of the few beings
whounderstands Chaldean, the ongue in which Ambrogino's
manuscript is written. The power-hungry Mallotte obtains a
portion of the manuscript and attempts to use it for his own
gain, but brings about his demise in the proc

This scene also heralds the arrival of other "interested
parties": the Followers of Set, who attempt to obtain
Ambrogino's manuscripts for themselves. To this end they
employ Count Jocalo, one of the clan's star operatives.

Through cleverness and luck, characters should end up
with part of the manuscript—an apocryphal tale known as the
Lili Fragment. Unfortunately, theact ends with the Great Fire
of London, which totals the better part of the city. In the
ensuingchaos, the players will ikely see theirprized manuscript
goupin flames, regardless of who possesses itat the time. Thus,
stalemate is reached — the Founders fail to obtain the
manuscript, but it is kept out of Ambrogino's hands.

Dramatis
Personae
Ambrogino Giovanni

Thi

search, seeking apotheosis through diablerizing God Himself.

renegade wishes to continue Cappadocius' re-

Ambrogino is a wily foe and is never personally met during
the story, although characters must deal with many of his
agents and servitors.

The Founders

On the surface, the Founders wish Ambrogino's plot
stopped, though some among them seek the Necromancer's
knowledge for their own ends. They will provide some aid
to the characters, but primarily serve as the "stick" goading
the characters onward.

Marianna

Claudius Giovanni's "dinner" has matured consider-
ably since the events of The Last Supper. S $ tO
stop the Giovanni's plots while garnering their knowledge

e now s

for herself.

Count Jocalo

The Setites make their interest known via the shad-
owy Count Jocalo, a Setite agent of vast power. Jocalo
works from the shadows and is almost never met person-
ally. The Setite serves as a plot device and source of
character terror.

Andre Mallotte

A Tremere scholar consulted by Ambrogino, Mallotte
attempts to use the Necromantic knowledge of the manu-
script for his own gain. He is unequal to the task, however,

and is ultimately destroyed by the manuscript's secrets

Introduction

patie

Sm <
cite AL ¢


The coachman smiled down at me when he saw I was behind him.
He said "Your brother Raven lives, but I think you'll never find him.
And Owl still watches all around but he listens more than speaks
And he'll never understand that it isn't you he seeks."

-Steven Brust, "Raven, Owl, and I"

Before beginning Blood and Fire, one must re-
member that the Rome of 1666 is not the Rome of today.
The streets are narrower and dirtier, and one must step
carefully in certain quarters or else receive an unceremoni-
ous dousing of slop. A hodgepodge of languages is spoken in
the streets: Italian, English, German, French and Spanish.
The wealthy rattle by in the carriages from palace to palace
while the poor die in the streets, and the Tiber serves as the
entire city's dump. Itis here that the characters must pick up
Ambrogino Giovanni's trail, amidst the squalor and the
splendor of the Eternal City, Rome.

History

Much has changed in Europe since the events of
The Last Supper, and the world has become smaller.
Copernicus and his spiritual children have literally rein-
vented the universe; behind Galileo, Brahe, Kepler and
countless others, the Technocracy has extended a strangle
hold on reality. The Age of Reason and the Age of Explora-
tion have erupted hand-in-hand, and many of the European
powers have turned their attention abroad. The Americas,
Africa and the Orient have been ruthlessly exploited, with

Act One: Unholy Bandits


European flags flying on every continent. The English,
French and Spanish have carved up North America,
while the regions to the south are primarily Spanish.
Africa is a patchwork quilt of claims and unexplored
territories, and lions roam freely across veldt where the
Sahara will one day sprawl. To the east the Dutch have
saturated Japan with more guns than all of Europe pos-
sesses, and Macao and Hong Kong are bustling ports for
European traders.

Athome, two centuries' worth of military blunderers
have stampeded across Europe in ever-changing alliances.
ven as the Founders charged the mansion of Augustus
Giovanni, the English and French staggered through the
Hundred Years' War; that conflict finally staggered to a
close with neither side gaining any advantage. Since then
the English have allied with the Dutch against the Span-
ish, then turned on the Dutch over conflicts regarding
trade. Industrialization is creeping in as the sceptered isle
attempts to shake off Cromwell's heirs.

France, when not battling the English or the Span-
ish, has spent decades tearing itself apart in religious
strife and the Huguenot War. The passions and horrors of
the witch burnings are still present, and old women and
friendless girls are still being put to the stake.

The German states are still warring amongst them-
selves and with the rest of the Continent. The Low
Countries, having only recently shaken off the Spanish
yoke, find themselves in trade wars with England.

Spain's star has risen and fallen multiple times. The
Moors and Jews have been expelled, but this ethnic
cleansing has hardly solved all of Spain's problems. Philip
IP's spectacular failures in the Netherlands and with the
Armada essentially wrecked his country for decades, yet
the conquistadores have managed to hang on to Italy for
over 150 years. The Papal States generally managed to
maintain their independence, but most of Italy was a
prize to be handed from conqueror to conqueror for as
long as they could hold ic.

The Inquisition's heyday has come and gone, and
the transformation into the so-called Society of Leopold
is well underway. Still, there are more witch hunters in
the world than previously, and even if the faith of the
masses has started to dim, that of the fanatics burns even
more brightly.

In the world of the Kindred, the Convention of
Thorns in 1493 ended the anarch uprising, but gave true
birth to the Sabbat. Over the past 1 70 years, the wars of the
Kindred raged across Europe even as the wars of their
mortal pawns did, but it has become clear that the
Camarilla's numbers and resources have given it the upper
hand. Already the exodus to the New World and the long,
slow retreat to Scandinavia have begun for the Sabbat.
Hardestadt and his fellow Founders have nearly achieved
their dream, or so it would seem.

The Eternal City

This is not intended to be a comprehensive guide to
the geography of Rome or a sort of 17th century Rome By
Night. Rather, it is a sketch of the major regions of the city,
including those areas in which the characters are likely to
stalk during their investigations. Remember that this Rome
is not our Rome, but a darker one, at the same time grander
and more sinister. The Vatican looms higher in this world,
ith the shadow of St. Peter's creeping across the River
Tiber come late afternoon. The streets of the Jewish quarter
form their own little labyrinth, and there are notches in the
swords held by the heroes of Roman statuary.

Rome is laid out around the Seven Hills, with the
River Tiber bisecting the city. The northem part of the city
consists of exclusive residential districts, as do the Seven
Hills. The heart of central Rome is the Piazza Venezia, and
from this forum the Corso, Rome's most famous road, runs
to the north. It passes through the Piazza Colona, which is
dominated bya statue of Augustus, and ends at the Piazza del
Popoli. The church of Santa Maria del Popolo, an obelisk
and several fountains are here.

Extending from the south of the Piazza Venezia through
the heart of ancient Rome is the Via dei Fori Imperiale. It is
along thisroad that the Colosseum rises and the endlessseries
of Roman forumscan be found. The Arch of Constantineand
the Baths of Caracallaare also accessible from the Via dei Fori
Imperiale. Many of the pieces of classical statuary here have
been literally defaced, if not decapitated; many of the build-
ingshave been mined forstone toraise Christian monuments.
The rape of antiquity is on full view here.

Iso to the south are the Palatine and Capitoline hills,
=

an exclusive site on which the wealthy can dwell. In

contrast, to the west of the Capitoline are the narrow streets

and crooked houses of the Jewish quarter.

tacular views of the ancient city as well as

which afford

The so-called Field of Mars
and streets that contains much of the hustle and bustle of
Rome in 1666. The Piazza Navona (formerly the Diocletian
Circus), once flooded for mock naval battles, isa new center
of commerce. Also of note is the Roman Pantheon, which
has been looted of gold but little else, and which stands
south of the riverside tomb of Augustus.

sa maze of small squares

The Trastevere isanother Tibersideareaof thecity,crammed
with artisans, tenement-style buildings and small shops.

On the right bank ofthe Tiber, north of much of classical
Rome, is the Vatican. The skyline is dominated by St. Peter's
Basilica, as well as the innumerable papal palaces. There are
many gardens here, perfect places in which to stroll and discuss
matters of faith. Also along the river but further north is the
Castel San Angelo, a defensible, turreted medieval fortress
From beneath its frowning walls
St. Peter's. Even further north is the Aurelian Wall, which
stands between the heart of Rome and the Pincian Hill.

secret passageway leads to

Blood and Fire


To the east of the Corso are streets lined with fashionable
shops, which are patronized by the wealthy and pretentious
Notable are the Vias Condotti, Borgognona and Frattina,
which lead to the Piazza di Spa
running through here is the Via Sistina, while the Piazza itself
is the center of the potent Spanish presence in Rome.

Scene One: An
Impolite
Invitation

Ie is not necessary for the characters to begin the

gna. Another one of the streets

chronicle in the same coterie, or even in the same country
Each, at some impossibly inconvenient moment, will feel an
itresistible urge to journey to Rome. The need may not be
verbalized as such; it could be a direction given to the
footsteps of Gangrel wanderlust or asterling business oppor-
tunity for a Ventrue, No matver why the characters journey
toRome, however, they will eventually arrive in Rome and
find themselves before Casa Hardestadt, a sumptuous manse
done in neoclassical style and guarded by pink stucco walls
and heavy iron gates. Characters nearer to the Eternal City
may find their summons delayed or perhaps weak enough to

Pier

be ignored for awhiles characters starting in London or the
colonies will find the call almost sexual in its urgency
Somehow, prepared as much as they could possibly be, the
characters will find themselves standing on the rain-slicked
streets of Rome on the night of February 13, 1666.

Iris not recommended that characters roleplay their jour-
neys to Rome, unlessitaffordsan opportunity forthe characters
to get acquainted (or reacquainted) with one another

Before the Gates

The compulsion to journey further on will weaken for
a second at the very gates of the manse, allowing the
characters to take a second to examine their surroundings
and new companions. The casa is on one of the broad
avenues on the Capitoline Hill, and is surrounded by other

h is on a sizable

manses of equal size and opulence.
parcel of land and is bordered by walls surmounted with
iron spikes; each has gates of iron that are bolted and
inst the perils of the night. Lamplight can be
seen in many of the windows and the strains of a minuet

chained ag

can be heard ftom far away; it would appear as if a party was
in progress. Carriages rumble past on their way uphill as
footmen with powdered wigs and immaculate livery cluck
at their horses; each coach is marked with a coat of arms

udents of heraldry will recognize noble crests from all

over the Continent, and the figures that are glimpsed

Unholy Bandits


briefly will be richly accoutered and masqued. No one will
stop to converse with the characters or even comment
about them. An occasional disdainful look from a footman
or other liveried servant is all that will be sent the charac-
ters' way, and perhaps an idle speculation on someone's
part as to whether or not they should call the Guard.

It is foggy out, and the mist has creptas far up the hill as the
gates of the manse. It has obviously rained earlier in the day, and
the stones are slick with moisture. The air isso cold that one can
see the breath of the passing mortals. Just above the rooftops of
the city, the bulbous moon shines brightly through veils of thin
clouds. There is no sound from the city below, as the fog muffles
all but the revelry of those even higher up the hill.

Characters examining the gate of the manse will note
thata heraldic motto has been fashioned into the intricate
metalwork of the bars. The Latin reads: "Regere sanguine
regere in veritatem est," literally "To rule through blood is
torule in truth." Older characters will recognize this as the
venerable motto of Clan Ventrue, and a second look at the
ironwork will reveal the telltale clan symbol cunningly
hidden within the curlicues and twists of fine smithcraft.
Below the first motto, smaller, is a second: "Vincam etiam
ab inferis," which can be translated a number of ways. The
most likely, however, is "Even from the grave I shall
conquer," and any characters who lived through the events
of The Last Supper may remember that phrase. They will
recall — should they flog their memories enough — that
the phrase appeared on the coat of arms of the renowned
Ventrue, Hardestade

Characters looking through the gates at the grounds
will note that the manse appears to have been recently
renovated, and the ironwork itself certainly looks new.
The grounds are immaculate, dotted with small topiaries.
A small fountain, carved into the shape of a Cupid with
slender wings and barbed arrows, burbles quietly into its
basin. The path from the gate to the house is graveled, and
the lawn to either side is smooth enough to serve asa green
for croquet or bocce

Broad steps lead up to the heavy wooden front doors of
the mansions, each of which has a heavy iron ring set into
it. The windows are all curtained and faint silhouettes can
beseen pacing toand fro behind them, but there is very little
illumination in the house itself, and the upper floor is
entirely dark. Itisas ifthe beings dwelling in the manse need
no light in order to see, or they prefer blindness.

Inplain sight yet isolated, this is the perfect opportunity
for the characters to take a moment to introduce themselves
toone another, should introductions be necessary. Ignored by
human society and not yet deemed worthy of the attentions
of those who called them here, the characters stand on an
uneasy middle ground. They can not pursue any inclination
they might have to join the party so tantalizingly close, for
they are leashed tightly enough by the Summoning to pre-
clude that option. However, the silent iron bars of the gate
clearly indicate that the invitation to proceed further in has

Blood and Fire

Impatient Guests
If the players attempt to scale the walls, leap the |
fence or otherwise burrow their way onto the mansels |)
grounds before they are invited in, the consequences |
will be startling. For any atvempe to trespass, the player
must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) the second
they cross the perimeter of the grounds or else they will
fall sound asleep immediately. This will occur even if
the character is in mid-leap or mist form, and any falls
or other accidents incurred cannot be Soaked. Some:
one who falls victim to this protection will remain
asleep fora fall hour, and may well endupbeingdragged |
to the meeting with the Founders. Nothing short of
feeding the victim a point's worth of Cainite blood will _
serve to awaken the sleeping would-be burglar earlier. |
Mistress Fanchon of Clan Tremere has warded the
grounds with a particularly powerful inversion of the
ritual Wake With Morning's Freshness. The titual has
actually been cast on two perimeters, one slightly inside.
the other, so if the characters assume that the "protec-
tion" has been brought down by the first characters'
intrusion, the next to attempt to cross will receive quite
a suprise. After the second breach, there are no more
protections on the grounds themselves. However, the

P

breaching of the wards will certainly alert anyone inside
the mansion that an intruder is on the grounds, andalll of
the Founders ghoulservantsare quiteproficient with both
pistol and crossbow if the characters prove to be a threat.
Ifthe characters act in a threatening or vandal-
istic manner, they will quickly discover that the term' 5
"crossbow bolt" issynonymous with the phrase, ‘take
traveling athigh velocity." Characters who are st
by the house staff will be brought into the drawing
room to sit and watch as the other characters
treated as honored guests. Such intruders will only
have the stake removed after being physically carried
down into the catacombs. Characters who are'polite, —
however, will be shown to the drawing room with all
due respect by a black-clad servant, and any compan-
ions still outside the gate will be invited to join them.
Depending upon the Founders' mood, the characters |
have displayed either remarkable persistence of bla-
tantly demonstrated their utter lack of sense;
observations will goa long way toward determi
the mood of the conference to come in thi ecatacombs


not yet been issued. In essence, the characters are left for a
brief time with nothing but themselves, a situation which

their travels will bring them into time and again.

entually a short thin man wearing black livery will
come to open the gates and formally invite the characters
into the mansion. The invitation will be reinforced by a
} sudden emphasis from the Summoning. The servant, who
will not speak other than to offer the invitation and
formally welcome the characters to the house, will lock the
gates behind the last character (including those who are
Obfuscated) and silently bring them into the manse. The
massive doors will swing open at his light pull, and the
characters will be escorted into a dimly lit drawing room.

The furnishings are rich, but not ostentatious, and
the decoration is classical in its motif. Greek vases and
kouros s
walls all depict scenes from Adriatic mythology. On one
wall Laocéon struggles in the serpent's coils; opposite
him Prometheus writhes as the eagle tears at his liver.
The furniture consists of low tables and couches with
overstuffed black and gray silk cushions. The charz
willbe invited to seat themselves by the first servant, who
will then leave the room. Another servant, dressed iden:
tically to the first, stands in the center of the room
holding a silver tray. On the tray are a number of crystal
lasses one greater than the number of characters and a
hand-cut crystal decanter full of blood. The servant will
offer a glass to each of the characters; when quizzed about
the extra glass he will simply say "We had been es
one other," and speak no more about it. The blood is not
human, but Kindred, and from a vampire of 6th Genera-
tion. Should any of the characters demonstrate displeasure
with this, the servitor will hasten to reassure her that the

atues abound, and the paintings adorning the

cters

pecting

individual whose blood is being served is dead, and that
her hosts would never be so crass as to serve the vitae of
one still living who might seek to Bond her. A reading of
the servant's aura while he gives this recitation will

indicate that he is perfectly sincere in his statements

The characters will begiven time tosavor theirrare meal.
The vitae is intended to be both a bribe anda waming, and wise
Kindred will recognize it as such. Working for the unnamed
masters of the mansion obviously holds the potential for great
reward, buton the otherhand, a Cainite of the 6th Generation
is obviously of little moment to the powers that dwell here.

Should the characters wish to discuss their situation,
continue any conversations they began before the gate, or
simply rant about the whole situation they should be given
time to do so. Eventually, however, a line of servants will
appear, led by the man who opened the gate, and he will
announce that the characters' hosts are ready to receive
them. Two of the servants will roll back a rich Persian rug
on the floor, revealing a flagstone with a ring set in it; two

more servants will lift the stone to reveal darkness below

An anonymous servant will step down into the darkness,
beckoning the characters to follow him.

Regere sanguine
tegere in Yeritatem
est - Pincam etiam
ab inferig «@-


Exploring the Manse

Should the characters either sneak inside
the mansion or skip away from the drawing room

during the evening, they will find that the upper
floor isalmost completely shut down. Drop cloths
cover furniture and dust is deep in the rooms
that are not opened to serve as servants' quar-
ters. A broad spiral staircase leads down to the
first floor, where unlit but exquisitely furnished
rooms wait in the darkened corridors. The entire
manse should give the impression of a shell, a
sham resurrected for public consumption. There
is something old and dead here, and the atmo-
sphere should be so riddled with discomfort that
the characters should be glad to return to the
main drawing room to sip their aperitifs.

Sample statistics for seryitor ghouls in the
Casa Hardestadt:

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appear-
ance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery (special crosshow training) 4,
Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 1,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Polities 1

Disciplines: 2 points in any of the following:
Auspex, Celerity, Fortitude, Potence or
Thaumaturgy

Willpower: 8

Note: All ghouls have access, depending upon
the situation, to loaded crossbows, a brace of
loaded hunting pistols or a rapier. They will

not use their weapons unless attacked or
provoked by the characters (see above).

Into the
Catacombs

The characters will be led by the unsmiling ghouls in
black livery down narrow, nitre-encrusted steps into the
catacombs that burrow and twist for hundreds of miles be

neath Rome. The ghoul leading the way, a middle-aged man
with a hatchet face and spiderlike hands, has obviously been
taught the rudiments of Thaumatu
flames barely bright enough to illume the way. The ghouls

in his hands dance

seem sure-footed on the slippery stairs, giving the impression
that they have been here many times before. They will escort
series of twists and turns

the characters through a d
with the clear intent of completely disorienting them. Any
attempt to mark a trail will be politely but firmly foiled by the
ghouls; likewise, any efforts toward escape will be aborted by
the grim-faced escort. In the depths the only sound that can
be heard is the snare drum drip of water onto stone.

These are undoubtedly among the characters' hosts'
most trustworthy ghouls, and killing or injuring any of them

will certainly enrage the ghoul's master. If a character does

manage somehow to escape, she will find herself wandering
lightless tunnels full of bones, stacked neatly or crunching
underfoot. The tunnelsarealsoa well-populated Haunt, with
literally dozens of wraiths making their home here. Such
spirits are likely to take this golden opportunity to tormenta
lone Cainite wandering the dark. The unlucky character will
be flung bodily against walls, have the scent of fresh hot blood
maddeningly wafted at her, feel invisible fingers testing the
strings that bind soul to body and see phantasmal monsters
leaping ftom every comer. Ofcourse the characters' assailants
are invisible and noncorporeal, making any efforts to frustrate
their assault futile. Eventually a black-clad ghoul, bearing a
palm full of flame, will stalk into view and offer to lead the
wanderingcharacter back to hercompanions. Ifthe character
has any sense, she will accept the offer gladly.

Sepulchre

entually the characters will find themselves led into a
larger chamber, lit with sconced torches. Closer examination
ofthe brands burningso brightly along the walls will reveal that
they are not wood but bone, each torch a femur that has
somehow been conjured into flame. The walls themselves are
gray stone, honeycombed with beds for the beloved dead.
Skulls, spines, ribs and knucklebones are stacked neatly in the
comers of the room, each bone sorted with each. In the center
of the room is a round table with a slate top, with intricately
carved chairs around it. Seated at the table are the Founders,
those lordsand ladiesofthe Camarilla whose will has drawn the
players here. They do not look pleased. With an unspoken
command the ghouls are dismissed and the players are left in

the imposing presence of their elders.

Blood and Fire


Storyteller Note

Tf you are running Blood and Fire as a sequel to
‘The Last Supper, itis recommended that you modify
the scenario to/aecommodate yout chronicle's unique
continuity. Feel free to remove any of the Founders
who were killed off during your Last Supper sessions;
anything they impart can easily come ftom the mouth

of one of the'other Founders.

The Founders sit, staring with weary contempt at the
players. It would appear as if the centuries have not been kind
to them. They have gained power and seen their dream come
to fruition, but their power came at great cost, and the dream
was realized in debased and bastardized form. The Foundersare

Hardestadt

Generation: 5th
Embrace: 947 (born 904)
Apparent Age: Early 40s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 6, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 6, Dodge 5, Intimi-
dation 6, Leadership 6, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 6, Ride 5, Security 4, Stealth 4,
Torture 4
Knowledges: History 3, Kindred Lore 5, Law 5, Linguistics 6,
Literature 5, Occult 3, Politics 6

Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Dominate 7, Fortitude 5,
Necromancy 1, Potence 6, Presence 5, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Allies 7, Contacts 6, Elder Status 7, Herd 5.
Influence 7, Military Force 6, Resources 6, Retainers 7
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Cour:
Humanity: 2
Willpower: 9
Image: A tall, broad-chested man with an aristocratic bearing,
Hardestadt has typical Teutonic features and dark hair with a
shock of gray. He wears a general's uniform from one of the
countless German states and he is visibly armed.
Roleplaying Hints: Status and rank is everything, and you
outrank almost everyone. Treat them with the proper no-
blesse oblige, except when it becomes necessary to point out
how inferior they truly are. The iron fist is always ready, but
you're expert with the velvet glove. If flowery words and a
smile will get you what you want, there's no need to get
blood on your uniform. You've lost some major battles to the
Sabbat over the past two centuries, and anyone expressing
the slightest sympathy for them in your presence should be
treated as a traitor.

Act One: Unholy Bandits

Adana de Sforza
Clan: Brujah

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 1093 (born 1068)
Apparent Age: Mid 20s
Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 7, Carousing 4, Dodge 5,
Intimidation 5, Seduction 3, Streetwise 4, Style 4

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Dancing 3, Melee 7, Music 3, Ride 4,
Stealth 3, Torture 4

Knowledges: Clan Knowledge 5, Kindred Lore 4, Linguis-
tics 4, Politics 5

Disciplines: Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 7, Presence 4, Protean 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Elder Status 3, Herd 4,
Influence 3, Military Force 4, Resources 4, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Willpower: 8
Image: Like a dagger, de Sforza is small yet gives the impression
of being honed toa deadly edge. Her hair is so blondit is almost
white, and her features are elfin and sharp. Adana wears men's
clothes of a rakish cut; one expects her to speak with a
swashbuckler's accent.

Roleplaying Hints: Born to the role of devil's advocate, you
enjoy debate for the sake of debate and for what it tells you
about those with whom you are debating. Very few of the
positions you toss out to discussion are ones you support.
Rather, they are decoys and tests, allowing you to see who
snaps at what bait. There is much that needs doing in the
world, but you see no need to charge ahead into action
without first testing the terrain you're charging onto.

Miloy Petrenkoy

Clan: Gangrel

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 974 (born 948)

Apparent Age: Mid 20s

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 6, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 6, Athletics 7, Brawl 9, Dodge 5, Intimi-
dation 4, Mimicry 2, Scan 3, Swimming 2

Skills: Animal Ken 6, Animal Training 4, Blind Fighting 4,
Herbalism 2, Melee 4, Survival 6

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Carpathians) 4, Kindred
Lore 4, Linguistics 5, Lupine Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Auspex 2, Celerity 5, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 3, Presence 2, Protean 6
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Elder Status 3, Status 4

Blood and Fire

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 5
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: Petrenkov is a slender, youngish-looking man with
eyes that seem far too old for his face. His complexion is
milk-pale, and he wears poor huntsman's garb. A long knife
is constantly in evidence around him, and he twirls, throws
or sharpens it constantly.

Roleplaying Hints: You do not look at something, you
assess it. All others are prey, to be classified as dangerous or
harmless. Speak infrequently; act quietly. If drawn into
debate make your point and then attempt to end the
conversation.

Camilla Banes
Clan: Malkavian
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1063 (born 1029)
Apparent Age: Mid 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 7, Intimida-
tion 4, Intrigue 4, Mimicry 5, Subterfuge 4, Ventriloquism 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Debate 2, Dancing 3, Etiquette 4,
Melee 2, Ride 3, Sleight of Hand 4, Stealth 5
Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Occult 4, Faerie Lore 3, Kindred
Lore 6, Literature 4, Naturalism 3, Toxicology 5
Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 3,
Obfuscate 6, Presence 4, Protean 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Elder Status 3, Herd 5,
Retainers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 5

Humanity
Willpower: 7

Derangements: Perfectionism, Multiple Personality Disorder
(one persona mothering, the other sadistic) and the delusion
that Cappadocius was both a saint and her lover.

Image: Camilla is tall and thin, looking almost fey with her
dreamy eyes and slender frame. Wearing a simple shift of
white, she appears to be out of place in the catacombs, an
angel trapped in an outpost of Hell.

Roleplaying Hints: All is madness, all. Your children
stand before you, awaiting your approval and love, which
you would gladly give if they didn't deserve punishment,
didn't deserve to have you smash their little leering faces
so that they wouldn't haunt your dreams any more, the
blissful dreams of your little lost ones whom you miss so
much, now long dead....

Another face intrudes on your dreams: Cappadocius. He is
angel and saint, lover and teacher, and you know intuitively
that he awaits you in Heaven.

milla has been prone to infrequent attacks of
ver since the events of The Last Supper. The
other Founders, when not attempting to garner advantage
by deciphering her ramblings, find the situation disturbing
tothe extreme.

Josef von Bauren

Clan: Nosferatu
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1006 (born 943)
Apparent Age: Early 60s

Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

arisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0
Perception 6, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Diplomacy 5, Empathy 4,
Leadership 3, Steetwise 6, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Blind Fighting 5, Debate 3, Media-
tion 4, Melee 4, Stealth 7

Knowledges: Kindred Lore 5, Linguistics 4, Occult 4, Sewer
Lore 5

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 3, Forti-
tude 5, Obfuscate 8, Potence 5

lies 5, Contacts 6, Elder Status 4, Influ-

Jonscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Image: Bent and twisted, von Baure
greenish warts which give him the appearance of a gigantic
toad. He stands just under five feet tall, but carries his left
shoulder higher. Ironically, he wears the cowl and robe of a
medieval monk, sparing the characters the worst

's skin is covered with

Roleplaying Hints: Let others pour forth a torrent of words; you
stl be the one who directs the stream. Never speak first if you
canhelp it; let others hang themselves if they seem inclined to
doso. Haste makes waste, and you abhor waste.

Rafael de Corazon
Clan: Toreador

Generation: Sth

Enbrace: 1182 (born 1154)
Apparent Age: Late 20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Socials Charisma 6, Manipulation 5, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 4, Dodge 4,
Intrigue 5, Public Speaking 5, Seduction 5, Style 7, Subter-
fuge 4

Skills: Dancing5, Etiquette 5, Fast Talk 4, Melee 4, Singing 7,
Seealth 4

Knowledges: Art History 7, Kindred Lore 4, Linguistics 5,
Literature 4, Occult 5, Politics 3, Theology 3

Act One: Unholy Bandits

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 3,
Presence 7

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Elder Status 4, Herd 4,
Influence 6, Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Courage 2, Self-Control 5
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 9

Derangement: Obsessive Vanity

Image: Medium boned and of average stature, de
Corazon is beautiful in a way that seems almost an-
gelic. He wears the garb of the Spanish conquerors, his
finery almost peacocklike amidst the drabness of his
fellow Founders.

Roleplaying Hints: Every night you thank God that
you were not Embraced as a Lasombra, for that would
deny you the pleasure of seeing your own visage in the
looking glass. Others are useful in helping you achieve
your ends or in confirming your own opinion of yourself,
but in the end, they are merely flawed mirrors held up to.
your perfection.

Mistress Fanchon
Clan: Tremere
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1223 (born 1186)
Apparent Age: Late 30s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social Charisma 6,
Mental:
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Diplomacy 5,
Dodge 4, Instruction 3, Subterfuge 6
Skills: Dancing 4, Etiquette 5, Falconry 4, Melee 2,
Stealth 3
Knowledges: Alchemy 7, Astronomy 6, Kindred Lore 5,
History 5, Naturalism 5, Theology 4

Manipulation 6, Appearance 5

Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Celerity 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 1,
Nectomancy 2, Thaumaturgy 6 (Movement of the Mind 5,
The Lure of Flames 5, Weather Control 4)

Backgrounds: Influence 6, Resources 6, Retainers 5,
Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 4

4

Willpower: 9

Humanit

Image: Mistress Fanchon is an attractive, mature woman
with afair complexion and ice-green eyes. She wears a robe
of simple black, and her long, dark hair is plaited.

Roleplaying Hints: A master manipulator, you under-
stand speech and its uses far better than any of the other
Founders, that blustering fool Hardestadt included. Move
slowly and languorously, but your mind and wit are razor-
sharp and rapier-fast

Blood and Fire

Old Allies

If the characters helped the Founders during the events
of The Last Supper, their reception will at least be reasonably
warm. Mistress Fanchon will rise to greet them, saying how
pleasant it is to see them again and how fortunate it was that
time seems to have borne out the Founders' decision not to
annihilate the characters upon the Embrace. This will eam
her a black look from Hardestadt, which she will ignore.

She will continue by praising to the skies the charac-
ters' ingenuity, courage and skill in their efforts to bring
the traitors to justice during the unhappy events of April
1444. However (and here her tone will turn regretful), it
would seem that the events of those horrific evenings are
not quite finished.

Hardestade will interrupt here, attempting to bluster,
into control of the situation. He will mellifluously apolo-
gize for his error in judgment regarding the characters
during "those heady days, so long ago," and comment on
how glad he is to see them well after over two difficult
centuries. However, it would appear that those events that
everyone had thought to be laid to rest once and for all
have not truly been laid to rest.

Old Enemies

If the players fought against the Founders, de Sforz
will begin the conversation. "It has been two centuries
since we last met. Don't look so surprised to see us. Your
pitiful attempts to burrow your way into anonymity were
precisely that: pitiful. Did you think you could hide from
us? Did you think that two piddling centuries would wash
away the stain of what you've done? No, we've kept an
eye on you, waiting fora moment when such as you would
finally become...useful." If necessary, she will rattle off
the details of how one or more of the characters spent the
past two centuries, concisely demonstrating the futility
of attempting to hide from the Founders.

"Idiocy," Petrenkov will interject. "I said we should
have hunted them down for our amusement then, and |
repeat it now. What good are these scurrying rats?"

"Now, now," Hardestadt says, rising and pacing about
the chamber. "These unfortunates made a mistake wo
centuries ago. Now is their chance to make good onit. And
I am quite sure," he says, standing quite close to the
characters, "that they will make good on it. Otherwise, my
dear friend Milov will have some new playmates. Briefly."

The Gangrel will laugh, but no one else will. Disap-
pointed, the Ventrue continues, "Listen very carefully to
your one chance at salvation, little vampires. We have
kept your patrons — those who have survived — walled
up for ewo centuries. They are in a donjon in a castle in
France, chained to a wall and fed only the blood of
plague-ridden rats. Every day the sun rises and its lovely
golden rays come through the window opposite where


they are chained. Every day that rectangle of gold slides
down the wall, inches from their wrists. A few years ago,
Lady Jadviga actually summoned up enough strength to
break her manacles and attempt to hurl herself into the
sunlight. Fortunately, her guardians were able to subdue
her before she did herself serious injury, and it only took
seven months for her burns to heal properly. Do you
think any of your former patrons has enjoyed the last two
centuries very much? Would you like to sample their
pleasures and see if your opinion differs? I think not

"Two centuries, two decades and two years ago you
were willing accomplices in one of the foulest crimes our
kind has ever seen. There is more than enough evidence,
more than enough reason to condemn you to torment
and Final Death, Yet you have a chance to repent and
seek absolution. This is your one chance to wipe the slate
clean. I suggest you take it."

New Pawns

Ifthe characters were not involved in the events
Last Supper, the Founders will attemptto overawe them with
their position and personal power. These are the legendary
Founders of the Camarilla, and they expect due deference
from the relative neonates who stand before them. Van
Bauren will open the discussion, informing the characters
that they have been brought to the Founders' attention
through the reports of their respective clan elders as potential
candidates for resolving a most vexing situation.

The fact that the characters were "recommended" by
their clan elders can be used for good or for ill. Perhaps the
characters have rendered extraordinary service and have
demonstrated unusual aptitude for dealing with problem-
atic situations. In this case, the Summoning should be
played up as the route to a reward for exceptional service,
and the Founders' rude method of gathering the characters
canbe seen as a regrettable expediency necessary for assem-
bling the optimal team of operatives.

On the other hand, the characters could well be in hot
water with their clans for reasons real or imagined. It is
hardly difficult to manufacture evidence of a breach of the
Masquerade or worse crime, and the resourcesat the Founders'
disposal make the matter trivial. The Founders' attitude
toward the characters will be that the mission is a penance
for crimes against the Camarilla that the characters had
damned well better perform or else risk being summarily

removed from existence altogether.

Of course, the ideal mix is for a combination of
motivations, with the favored children of the Camarilla
forced to work cheek-by-jowl with the equivalent of
vampiric juvenile delinquents. There should be marked
difference in how the characters are treated by the
Founders depending upon their status, but alternately
they will be flattered, cajoled or bullied into accepting
the mission that Hardestadt reveals.

The Die is Cast

Hardestade will pontificate here, outlining the bare
bones of the situation. It would appear that a text has been.
stolen from the Vatican library,a work written in Chaldean.
Part of the library of the late, lamented Cappadocius, it (as
well as many others) was placed in the Vatican stacks for
safekeeping after Augustus Giovanni's crimes.

It is Hardestadt's suspicion that the missing book con-
tained the ke
nature of godhead itself. Furthermore, this theft comeson the
heels of other crimes ofa similar nature, Mages' libraries have
been ransacked, chantries burgled and churches and monas-
teries looted of manu
ritual called "The Anointing," which supposedly has the

to Cappodocius' forbidden researches into the

cripts — all concerned with a rumored

power tograntdivinity-ordemoniac power—tothesoul who

Why the Vatican?

At first glance, there would hardly seem to
be a worse place to store Cappadocius' manu-
scripts than in the heart of the Eternal City. The
darkest secrets of vampiric existence surrounded
by men and women of Faith, and within easy
reach of those servants of the Church and Inqui-
sition who seek to eradicate the Kindred; why,
the situation seems almost comically dangerou:

However, there is logic to the Founders'
madness here. After Augustus' act of diablerie
upon his sire, it was unanimously agreed that the
contents of Cappadocius' library should be hid-
den for safekeeping. The safe alternative would
have been to destroy the collection in toro, but it
was felt that the knowledge contained within
might someday prove to be of use. Still, once the
agreement to save the books had been reached,
all consensus vanished. None of the Founders
trusted any of the others to merely protect the
deadly texts, andaneutral storage site wasneeded.

It was the Nosferatu von Bauren who fi-
nally suggested the Vatican, pointing out that
the concentrated Faith of those dwelling within
would serve as a potent barrier against vampiric
thieves, whilst more moldering texts of medi-
eval metaphysics would hardly be noticed amidst
the piles and stacks that the Vatican already
owned. The other Founders acquiesced, the

transfer was arranged, and through the eras of

the Avignon and multiple popes, the manu-
scripts remained safe..-until now.

Act One: Unholy Bandits


Blood and Fire

performs it. Theoretically, the ritual merges the notions of
Transubstantiation and the Amaranth, essentially allowing
the individual performing it to Diablerize God Himself.
Theoretically, such an individual would then become God

after a fashion, and possess such power as to dwarf even that
of Cain. The ramifications of this possibility are terrifying.

"You can see why we're concemed," Corazon will
interject here. "It would seem that someone wants to follow
in Cappodocius' footsteps."

"The difference being," says von Bauren the Nosferatu,
"Cappadocius was a pacifist. A potent fool, but a passive
one. Whoever hasstolen this book will, ifhe discovers a way
to perform this ritual, use his new-found powers and act
None of us, notall of us combined, could stand against that

The thief must be identified, found and apprehended, and

his prizes either locked away or destroyed."

jot destroyed," the Tremere
thy (Auspex 4), she will implant in the minds of two of the

nurmurs. UsingTelepa-

haracters the following offer: If the stolen book is returned

d
toher personally, she will provide the means for the charac-
ter bringing her the prize to commit Diablerie not once, but
twice, raising her Generation by two. If the characters
refuse, she will warn them telepathically to keep their
silence and try again on two more characters. If it looks as
if the characters are going to accuse the Tremere, Mistress
Fanchon will Dominate them into silence under the cover

of averting an interruption.

"In any case," Hardestadt comments, "this is a matter of
grave importance. The lot of you have demonstrated, singly
and together, your supreme fitness for this task. Do not think
to refuse; we have no time to gather another band to do what
youare eminently suited to do. Retrieve or destroy the book,
itmakesno difference. Unmaskand destroy the thief. [hereby
call Blood Hunt upon him. Do any here gainsay my right!"

There will be some unhappy nods at the table, but all

will acquiesce. Hardestadt will nod once in tight-lipped

satisfaction, and continue. "So be it. The thief's life is yours,
and ifit turns out to be one of Augustus' childer, we'll finally
have the excuse we need to wipe that foul brood from the
earth once and for all." Observant characters will notice
that certain of the other Founders, de Sforza and Petrenkov
in particular, donot look particularly pleased at the prospect
of war with the Giovanni

‘our own resources should be

more than sufficient to track down this ravager of libraries.
Go, my servants will lead you back to the manse. Be
circumspect in your investigations, but be also swift. I can
see some of you chafing under what you consider to be my
harsh authority. Consider how much infinitely worse it
would be if one like myself - only less merciful - were made
into God Himself." Hardestadt pauses a minute for effect. ‘I
thoughtso. Go, and may the Lord of Hosts Himself have the
enlighted self-interest to aid you on your quest."

The ghouls will stalk back in at this point and politely
escort the players back to the villa via another convoluted
route. As the players walk out, the Malkavian Camilla

Banes will suddenly burst into high-pitched laughter. She
has been completely silent until this moment, and her
outburst comes as a shock even to the other Founders. "500
years," she will shriek. "A halfa millennium before the dead
saint rests. Oh, my poor darling Cappadocius, only three
more centuries before you can rest in light." The tinkle of
psychotic laughter will trail the characters into the dark.

Discussion will be allowed freely on the trip back, but
even the most reflexive rebel among the Brujah will be forced
to agree: Life under the Camarilla could not possibly be one-
hundredch as confining as life under a Cainite made God. The
question remains, however, what other options there mightbe.

It is highly unlikely that the characters will be overly
familiar with the Giovanni, While the Cappadocian blood-
line has been known as the Giovanni for over two centuries,
the necromancers have been both censured and secretive.
Unless a character has Kindred Lore or a particularly good in-
character reason to know about the Giovanni, he will be
unaware of much beyond the fact that the clan is rumored to
dabble in necromancy, and that they are fabulously wealthy.

After the players return to the surface they will be
offered refreshment, then courteously shown the gate. The
heavy iron gates of the manse will clang shut behind them
witha sound like a churchyard bell, and from far off through
the evening mist will come the tolling voices from the
steeples of Rome.

Scene Two: The
Trail of the Thief

There is no linear path to discovering Ambrogino's
identity and destination. Rather, aseries of clues lies strewn
throughout Rome for the characters to find, piecing them
together as best they may. Some may be missed; such is the
vay of things. The following settings are not intended to
serve as any sort of a linear plot, instead use them as
touchpoints. The characters should be free to wander from
each to each in any order they choose, gradually acquiring
the information they need to unmask their prey and the
direction of his flight.

Eventually, the weight of evidence should point inescap-
ably to Ambrogino Giovanni as the culprit. A little more
digging yields the fact that Ambrogino has fled to Switzerland,
leavingbehind his servants among the dead to protecthis trail.

Most of the informants whom the characters will be
dealing with in thissection of the chronicle are mortals. The
characters will have to act circumspectly, as blundering in
with blatant uses of Disciplines is likely to alert both
Ambrogino's restless servants and the city guard to the
characters' existence. Breaches of the Masquerade will be
extraordinarily costly in the shadow of St. Peter's Basilica,
foreven if the Society of Leopold does not attempt to track

down the supernatural disturbance, the city watch is likely
to have a great many members with True Faith. The players
must demonstrate extraordinary restraint, even when their
quarry and opponent does not.

Starting the Ball Rolling

After the meeting with the Founders, the characters
are likely to have no idea of where to go. Most of them are
probably foreign to Rome, andas the very soil of the Vatican
is permeated with the power of the Faith of millions,
examining the scene of the crime is an impossibility. In-
stead, the characters must find their way to their clues, a task
which with all of Rome yawning before them, can be
daunting indeed.

The focus of the characters' investigation should be
the occult nature of the theft, and should the characters
follow up on this idea, any contacts the players have in the
local mystic underground should be able to point them to
Adonijah. Conversely, they may wish to pursue the fact that
it was an ancient text that was stolen. In that case, anyone
of quality (or a ragged street urchin) can lead the characters
to Alfonse's book shop. Should the players be stuck for a
starting point, an encounter with the beggar woman is a
possibility, as is a quick stop into the Three Lions for a bite.
Of course, the Founders have a vested interest in the
characters' success, and may well point them toward Alfonse's
book shop as good a place to start as any. However, the order in
which the characters visit the various sites is essentially immate-
rial; nor do they necessarily have to visitall of them. Still, each,
offers vital information not available elsewhere in Rome.

The Bookseller's

Located on the elegant reaches of the Via Frattina,
Alfonse's is frequented by many of the learned of the
Church's most erudite scholars. The owner, one Alfonse
D'Sarcina, hasan almost miraculous ability to obtain copies
of works that are either locked away in the vaults of the
Vatican library or are otherwise incredibly difficult to lo-
cate, Many times has he been able to provide for some Frater
or Pater the very text that they needed, and fora modest sum
as well. Truly, it isa mystery how Alfonse manages to stay
in business with the prices he charges.

Ofcourse, religious texts aren't Alfonse's only stock in
trade. A select clientele, consisting primarily of higher-ups
in the Church hierarchy, also comes to Alfonse's book shop
for Islamic, Gnostic, Qabbalistic and even overtly Pagan
texts, many of which could get the possessor burned for
witchcraft. These books, much more difficult to obtain than
the Christian texts which provide Alfonse's cover, are
priced much more dearly. Furthermore, each comes with
admission into Alfonse's little conspiracy of silence; should
he wish, the bookseller could topple some of the most
powerful men in Rome.

Act One: Unholy Bandits

The shop itself is a pleasant little place, its shutters
and windowboxes painted a cheery yellow. Golden light
glows from the windows; apparently the bookseller is
working late this evening. Inside books by the hundred
line the shelves which cover the walls, while Alfonse's
latest printings sit proudly on a sturdy table in the center
of the room. A separate section for scrolls, some suppos-
edly from the Great Library of Alexandria, takes up most
of the east wall to the right of the door. All the rest of the
wall space save some windows is covered in immaculate

shelves bursting with leather-bound books.

From behind the stout door in the back of the room
waft the smells of the printer's trade; some pleasant, some
not. A long counter of polished oak runs along most of the
back wall; behind this Alfonse usually sits with a brace of
pistols within easy reach in a drawer. Alfonse also keeps his
cash behind this counter in a locked iron box; he wears the
key on a chain around his neck. Books line the counter as
well, as do pamphlets, plays and other printed materials.

The back room is larger than the front and is sparsely
furnished. In addition to the door leading to the main shop,
there's also a door in the back that apparently leads to an
alley. Windows are everywhere and wide open, apparently
in an effort to combat the smells. The walls are bare wood
and the entire chamber is positively spattered with ink. A
drying rack for paper is in the back of the room, the front
contains a monstrous printing press currently in the midst of
the typesetting process. Close examination of the letters
already in place will yield that Alfonse is apparently produc-
inga version of the Decameron, and the type box is near the
press. A small boy, Alfonse's nephew Sigismundo, is hard at
work at setting the type, but is making frequent mistakes. A
large jug of ink rests on the floor by the press; Sigismundo's
frantic efforts bring him close to kicking the jug over on
several occasions. A stair winds up in the corner, leading to
the richly furnished rooms on the floor above.

If the characters ask Alfonse about books on Lilith,
Gnosticism, Apotheosis or any related topic, he will
smile a simpering grin and tell them that he is most sorry,
butall of his texts on those subjects have been purchased,
and that his contacts have been unable to locate any
duplicates. At this point he will attempt to usher the
characters out of the shop.

The characters have several choices here. They
can leave the shop and whatever clues it might con-
tain, in which case they may well hear the songs
wafting from the Three Lions Inn down the street and
wander off there to investigate. Or, they can remain
and attempt to cadge further information out of
Alfonse. Depending on the tactics that the characters
use, the following are likely results:

If the players attempt to question Alfonse further
without using any physical force or Disciplines, he will
let slip that a "young thing of a girl" was in just the

Blood and Fire

previous day asking for books on the same topics as the
players. Of course, it filled his heart with regret to send
sucha lovely lady away empty handed, so he instead sold
hera travelogue, written in Latin by a soldier who helped
defend Vienna against the Turkish hordes, of his jour-
neys from Paris through the Swiss Alps and on to Austria.
If questioned on the "young thing's" description Alfonse
will get a bit hazy, but he will remember her piercing gaze
and coal-black hair; perhaps the vague flounces to her
apparel will be memorable enough to be mentioned; the
young lady in question of course being Marianna.

If the players use violence and attempt to beat the
information out of Alfonse, he will scream bloody murder
and the boy will tear out of the back of the shop to fetch the
local guard. As Alfonse is either owed favors or has black-
mail material on many Vatican potentates, the guard will
come ina hurry, and at least half of them are likely to have
high Faith ratings. As the players either flee orare forced out
of the shop, they will hear the bookseller ranting about "the
whole damned lot," and how he'll never deal with any of
them again no matter how much Giovanni pays. The
players may well mistake Giovanni for a first name; if this
occurs help them down the primrose path of their incorrect
assumptions. Should the players be chased off in this man-
ner, they may well wish to return later in the evening to
continue their interrogation. If they attempt this, they will
find that four guards, all with Faith 6 or above, have been
posted in front of the book shop. As stated earlier, Alfonse
has some powerful friends within the Church.

Should the characters use Disciplines such as Domi-
nate or Presence to extract the information from Alfonse,
it'sa whole otherstory. Depending upon how successful the
characters are (and how well they phrase their questions),
Alfonse will reveal the following:

© The aforementioned information on Marianna

The fact that he sold all of his religious texts on
Gnosticism, the Cule of Lilith, some Qaballistic text on a
ritual called "The Anointing," and other related books to a
young man of swarthy complexion and rich clothing

That he was instructed on fear of death not to men-
tion whom he had sold the texts to, or any details of his
appearance.

That the "young lady" had also asked after the man
who had bought all of the books.

That Sigismundo has been complaining of strange
noises in the shop ever since the wealthy stranger came and
purchased all of those books (at a dreadfully inflated price,
it should be added).

Characters with level 2 Auspex may attempt to spot
any wraiths currently lurking in the shop; most if not all
will be in the back room or upstairs waiting for the players
toleave. Ifthe characters choose to investigate the "strange
noises," Sigismundo will talk about type rearranging itself
on the press and ghostly moans and whispers. The wraiths


that Ambroginio has commanded to keep watch over
Alfonse's silence may well decide to play with the che
ters, offering a creaking floorboard here and a snuffed
candle there to raise the characters' paranoia levels to
unbearable heights. However, they will offer no concrete
proof of their existence, and eventually the players should

ac

grow bored and leave the shop.

If real information has been forced out of Alfonse,
once the characters have left the shop the ghostly guard-
ians Ambroginio left behind him will strike. Walking
away from the bookstore, the characters will hear a
strangled scream from inside the house, and then the
sound of several titanic concussions. If they rush back
into the shop, they will find nothing in the front room.
In the back, Sigismundo can be found rocking back in
forth in wide-eyed shock. On the floor next to the
printing press is Alfonse's body. A veritable storm of

heavy lead type pieces has been brutally flung against his
countenance with such force that his nose has been
broken, his teeth have been shattered and his larynx has
been crushed. To add insult to injury, the jug of ink has
been upended over Alfonse's face, and the last bubbling
remnants of his breath pop even as the charac

ers storm
into the room. The empty jug rolls across the floor
hollowly; then as the characters take in the scene, they
vill receive another shock.

From Sigismundo's mouth will come the voice ofan
aged, gravel-tongued man. The voice will distinctly in-
tone the words, "Silentium sapientia est," then the boy
will collapse into a quivering heap. Characters who
understand Latin will know the phrase to mean ‘
is wisdom."
revived, and the watch will probably be arriving soon.
Should the characters attempt to search the store and the

lence

Sigismundo is unconscious and can not be

living quarters above, they will find nothing of use
upstairs save some money and some items of jewelry they
might sell. The print room is rapidly being flooded in
illed ink, and they may not wish to stay there for long
Ifthe front room is searched, a pile of bills of sale will be
found behind the counter next to the iron box of cash. A
successful Wits + Investigation roll (difficulty 7) will
uncover a bill of sale matching the list of texts that
Alfonse sold to the mysterious gentleman; the initials on
itare "A.V.C.G." The bill is for an unbelievably large

amount, reinforcing the notion that Ambroginio has far
better resources than the characters do, particularly ifhe
can drop this much money in one purchase.

By this point the wraiths are long gone and there's
litle left of interest in the shop. Should the characters
daydle, the sound of the approaching Guard should
speed them up. At the Storyteller's discretion, the play-

ers could possibly be pursued by the Guard throughout
the remainder of Act One, adding a certain urgency to

their quest for information.

Act One: Unholy Bandits


When the players do leave the book shop, the street
offers them the distant sound of singing from the Three
Lions Inn, while the back way promises foul stench and the
remnants of the printer's art in the alley.

Alfonse
Phi
So
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5
Skills
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 1, Law 2, Linguisti
Occult 3, Politics 2, Science 1
Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources 3

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
"harisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Intimidation 3,

Appraisal 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2

Backgroun

Willpower: 7
Image: Alfonse is just starting to go to fat. His black beard
curls in ringlets, almost covering up his incipient jowls.
His skin is dark and pockmarked, as if he had a pox in his
youth. Alfonse wea
fashions in the mistaken impression that they make him

expensive clothes, preferring Dutch

look more dignified.
Roleplaying Hints: If your customers look like they have
enough money for your wares your real ones ~ act as
unctuous as humanly possible. The sooner you pull them
into your little conspiracy, the sooner you'll be protected
by whatever power they have. Rub your hands frequently
1 wax thapsodic over the qualities of whatever text the
characters are looking at, and be sure to sprinkle every
sentence with a compliment or three of the person you

are addressing.

Sigismundo
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1
So.
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Abilities: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 1,
Streetwise 2
Skills: Printing 1, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Linguistics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Mentor 1
Willpower:

arisma 2, Manipulation 1, Intimidation 1

Image: Sigismundo isa little boy with enormous brown eyes
andadark complexion. He wearsan ink-spattered tunicand
pantsand no shoes, and it's obvious that his uncle is working
him too hard.

Roleplaying Hints: Don't speak unless you're spoken to,
Unele Alfonse told you about speaking to the customers,
and you don't want him to beat you like that again. Check
with Uncle Alfonse before you tell anyone anything, be-
cause sometimes he gets angry when you say things.


Wraiths

_ Anaccomplishednecromancer, Ambrogino has
setmultiple wraiths to guard his trail, While they will
generally not interfere with the characters, they will
attempt to silence witnesses and the like. Alfonse's
book shop is the only place where the wraiths will
directly move to actual violence, but at Storyteller
iscretion, they can make their presence feltatother -
"Times and places im the story.
t Forthe sake ofease ofuse while playing Blood and
"Fire, it can be assumed that wraiths are driven off after
theyare struck, and that they can possess the equivalent
ofany of the following disciplines: Auspex, Chimestry,
Dominate, Obfuscate, Presence and Thaumaturgy (es-
pecially MovemnentofMindandLureofFlames).Wraiths
are capable of movement through closed doors and
windows, but not through walls unless they wish to go
incorporeal. Furthermore, most wraiths are both invis-
ible and inaudible, so the only way characters will be
able to detect them is through the use of Auspex.
» _ Icis a common feature of ghost sightings that
Theambient temperature in the region surrounding
"thesighting drops dramatically, and Storytellers may
wish to relate this fact to their players.
~~ For more information on wraiths, see Wraith:
The Oblivion.

The Three Lions Inn

From the street the sounds of merriment can be heard
from the Three
earthenware crockery smashing against an unyielding c
nium. A establishment with delusions of
gentrification, the Three Lions is a clearinghouse for mer-
cenaties, caravan guards and all other forms of hired muscle
and steel. The owner, one Tomas Frascatore, hasa strict "no
firearms or steel" rule within his establishment which he
maintains with a brace of loaded pistols kept behind the
counter. However, mere flesh-on-flesh mayhem is tolerated
ifnot encouraged, and many prospective employers come
here to select their hires based upon the casualty lists of the
evening's revelry

From the front, the Three Lions seems to be a place for
gentry; the facade is gray stone while a gilt-lettered sign
showinga trio of red heraldic lions tumbling together in play
swings over the heavy doors. A balcony projects above the
sign, and from beneath its white canopy a beautiful woman
or three can usually be seen waving. Strains of foreign
conversation come wafting onto the street: Spanish, En-
glish, German and especially French.

ions Inn, as well as the occasional crash of

low-clas

The illusion of class slowly fades once one enters the
Three Lions, however. Booted, bladed and pistoled mercenar-
iesslouchat thebaroraroundthe thick oaken tables. Attractive
women, many of whom are obviously prostitutes, flit about the
room or drape themselves across patrons. Serving women,
silhouetted by the fireplace against the back wall, flit back and
forth carrying trays of earthenware mugs and ducking the
unwanted attentions and groping hands of lecherous drinkers.
Tothe right, apolished staircase reaches up to the second floor.
Characters observing this will notice couples ascending, usu-
ally with some urgency; usually the men who rise with a
companion will stumble back downstairs alone.

Behind the
a great bear ofa man with a curling black beard and arms like
tree branches. Wearing a wine-stained apron, he surveys the
relative peace and quiet of his establishment, at least when
circumstancesdo not force him to reach for the weaponsstored
below the bar. Itis fitting that Frascatore smiles, as he gets 20%
of the price of every hire that takes place in his establishment,
no matter what the job being contracted might be. Over the
years, various mercs and merchants have attempted to avoid
paying Frascatore his commission and invariably have been
found floating face-down in the Tiber the next morning.

The Drunken Guard

Sittingaloneat a table in the centerof the room isa tall,
thin man with receding brown hair anda weathered, angular
face. His movements, though blurred by alcohol, are aston-
ishingly quick, andhe will move to cradle his mugpossessively
ifany of thecharacters move toward him. Heis wearinga dirty
white shirt and black breeches, with a pair of pistols stuck
through his belt and a wicked-looking knife tucked into the
top of one mud-spattered black boot. Sufficiently observant
characters may be able to discern that the man's boots and
pistols, at least, appear to be British army issue. As he sits
pondering his drink, one of the serving women will approach
him and ask if he wants another; he will refuse and admit that
he barely has the coin to pay for his current round. The
barmaid will tsk concemedly and chastise him for not taking
the Switzerland job, then wander off toa better-heeled client.

isthe toweringformof Signore Frascatore,

This is the characters' opportunity to speak to Toby; if
they offer to buy him drinks he will gladly tell the tale of his
woes. A former English soldier, he deserted some five years back

and has since alternated between careers as highwayman and
caravan guard. Even in the civilized year of 1666 there are still
bandits on the road, particularly in the wilds and forests of
Europe. Toby will complain endlessly ofboth ofhis professions
‘Asa guard, he risked his neck to help fat rich merchants get
fatterand richer, and asa highwayman he had to sleep out with
the wolves and bears, just to risk getting shot stealing some
noble brat's snotty handkerchief. Toby is a melodramatic, if
amusing storyteller, and should at least keep the players from
wandering off in disgust immediately until someone has the
presence of mind to bring up the "Switzerland job."

Act One: Unholy Bandits


Arthat, Toby will shudder and look hopefully athis mug.
Ifthe players take the hint, he will gulp down thecontentsand,
with increasingly slurred words, recount how he was ap-
proached here by an agent who was hiring guards oraso-called
"milk run" to Basel. Theamountthe man offered was ludicrous,
but the trip had some special conditions attached. Travel was
to be by night, and the cargo was delicate z books, if he
remembers correctly. The owner of the books would also be
part of the party, and while he was never named, the way the
factor smiled when mentioning him made Toby's skin crawl.

Besides, Toby had een thisparticular factorhiring forthe
same run earlier in the year, once or twice, and Toby couldn't
remember seeing any of the men who'd signed on ever again,
Now they could well have found other assignments in Basel,
but surely at least one of them would have returned to Rome,
and hence to the Three Lions. If pressed, Toby will admit that
the factor washavinga hard time indingmen; the mercenaries'
grapevine is efficient, and that could well have been the source
ofthe exorbitantofferof pay. However, as Toby will remind the
characters, you can'
He will also detail the other oddities of the trip: Travel in the
Alps at night is still tantamount to suicide, there's something
fishy about the way the factor made the books sound more
important than their owner, the road from Rome to Basel is
crawling with bandits, and so on.

spend money once you're dead, can you?

If Toby is pushed for a description of the factor, he will
desctibeaman whoisshortandswarthy, wearingred and black,
with blue eyes anda black beard. A rapier swung at the man's
hip, his clothing was very rich and he bore a thick silverringon
hislefthand wherea weddingbandshouldhave been. With the
help of Dominate or Presence, he will beable to remember that
the insignia of the ring was a stylized "G," though he will not
beable to reproduce it. The man's accent was northern Italian,
though he spoke excellent French.

One of the other bar patrons will call out that every time
Bernini was in the bar, itsomehow always got colder, but he will
beshouteddown by good-natured ribbing. Should the playersask
around the bar for more information on this mysterious Bernini,
whatwillcometolightisthathehasbeen hiring forthepast three
years; before that no one remembers seeing him. His nickname
among experienced mercs is "Old Suicide," and no one in the
room will be able to remember anyone who had ever signed on
with him coming back healthy. The survivors, and there have
beensome, were invariably sickly andsometimestookmonthsto
regain their strength. Most, however, never retumed at all.

Toby Entwhistle

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Soci

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,
Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 1, Stealth 2,

Survival 3

Blood and Fire

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (the road) 2, Bureaucracy?,
Law 1, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 4

Willpower: 6

Image: A storklike man with impossibly long arms, Toby
seems to be made of stilts and straw. Possessing an angular,
scarred face and a shock of brown hair, the mercenary looks
tohaveseenall the barbarity that this world has to offer. His
boots are black and scuffed, his gear of good quality but
worn. There are wine stains on his shirt and breeches, and
many rents in his clothing have been stitched up carefully.

Roleplaying Hints: You'll say anything to anyone, if they
fill your mug first. Basically a decent fellow at heart, you're
starting to feel the years and the miles, and you're not quite
as fast on the draw as you used to be. You're afraid to go back
out on the road again, but even more afraid of staying in
Rome and drinking yourself into an alley.

For a prospective employer (or anyone buying youa
drink) be informative while making certain to warn them
about the dangers of what they're heading into. Examples
from your own hard past should serve — Lord knows you've
got enough.

Note: Toby will mak llenthire-orghoul= forthe trip
northward. His presence will reduce travel time and enable the
party to protect itself better from bandit attack during the day.
He has heard rumors of the "Black Monastery," and will tell
endless horrific stories aboutit ifrequested. Itwill takean extra-
large commission for him to approach the place, but his |
financial straits are desperate enough that he will sign on.

Upstairs at the Three Lions

Characters may wish to indulge their appetite at the
Three Lions. If so, the prostitutes frequenting the establish-
ment will serve quite well for an evening's meal. Should a
character express an interest in retiring upstairs to partake of
refreshment, he will find himself dealing with a winsome blond
child by the name of Lucinda, whose pale skin and blue eyes |
proclaim that she is from somewhere in the northern Povalley,
Fragile and delicate, she will quickly strike a bargain and lead
the character upstairs. It is impossible to mistake her for more
than 15 years of age, a child first coming into her womanhood. |
Should the character seek a somewhat older companion, he
will find the other courtesans deliberately hanging back until
Lucinda has acquired a client; her situation is poor at best and
this is a gesture on the part of the other prostitutes to make
certain that she can at least find lodging for the night.

The rooms upstairs are tacky rather than expensive;
theyare d idea of whata rich man's
home looks like. A half-dozen rooms line the hallway, three
on each side. Lucinda will lead the character in the one at
theendof the hall on the left. As the couple passes the other
door, strange sounds can be heard from within; cries of
pleasure ot pain, the occasional crack of a whip against flesh
or the breaking of glass.

n's

rated in a poor mi


Once inside the candlelit room, Lucinda will immedi-
ately shrug herself out of her clothing and stand, pale and yet
somehow modest, before the rumpled bed. She will always
attempt to cover up the left side of her neck; characters
somehow finding a way to look at the shameful area will find
that it has been savagely bitten and shows signs of scarifica-
tion. The tooth marks are indubitably human; if questioned
Lucinda will haltingly lay the blame atthe feet ofone Bernini,
whohad promised to beat her if she told anyone of his "taste."
He would purchase her attentions for the evening and pro-
ceed to rape her, forcing her to bare her throat to his dull
teeth, When the blood finally did flow, he would lap it up
greedily and then proceed to take his physical pleasures from
her. But the blood always came first, she will claim without
emotion, and the one time she refused Bernini's attentions,
Fracatore forced her to go upstairs with the little factor.
Apparently the little man's employer was a man of extraordi-
naty means, and Frascatore did not want to lose the riches
that would come from commissions that Bernini facilitated.

Lucinda knows nothing of Basel or any shipments of
tooks, and even after her revelations she will pathetically
attempt to tempther employerto the bed. Itshould be noted
aswell that the other prostitutes are protective of Lucinda,
and while they are unable to exact any revenge on Bernini,
they will certainly act against any character who causes
Lucinda distress. Such characters will find doors of infor-
mants closed to them, taverns filled with unwelcoming
stolen and suchlike

stares, their horse:

Anyattempt to make Frascatore pay for his complicity in
thefactor's brutality will bring the entire room full ofmercenar-
ies to the bartender's defense. Should the characters wish to
tackle such odds they are welcome to attempt it, but doing so
without seriously breaching the Masquerade is impossible.

Lucinda
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social:
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

sma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Dodge 1,
Empathy 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Melee 1, Music 1, Stealth 2, Survival 1
Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Mentor 1

Willpower: 6

Image: Still a child in many ways, Lucinda is fine boned and
blond, with a complexion so pale that her veins can be traced
through her skin. Her hair hangs down to cover the ruin
Bemini has made of her neck, and she will resist any attempt
to brush it away. Lucinda wears a simple brown gown that
shows off her charms more by accident than by design.

Roleplaying Hints: If possible, preserve what shreds of
dignity you have left while acceding to your client's wishes.
Nothing anyone else might want to do could possibly be as
foul as what Bernini already does to you. Someday, when

N esetaneet mm i

Act One: Unholy Bandits

29

you work up the courage, you're going to kill him and
Frascatore. Until then, keep your silence and grip the knife
you've bought tightly.

The House of Adonijah

Tucked away in the twisted streets and tottering houses
of the Jewish Quarter is the house of Adonijah, a would-be
Hermetic mage and scholar of the Qaballah. Hidden in the
narrow alleys west of the Campidoglio, the hous
shackle, with a tarnished silver mezuzah (a small box
containing inscriptions in Hebrew, posted in every doorway
to a Jewish home) hanging from a single nail in the door
frame. Through the windows, papers of every description
can be seen strewn in disarray. From inside, a man's voice
can be heard in sing-song chant in a language that can be
identified as Hebrew. Close examination exposes dried bits
of potter's clay in front of the door, but little else. There is
Adonijah's establishment, nor will he come to
the door before his prayers are finished.

ram

no sign o1

When Adonijah does at last answer the door, the
characters are confronted with a bowed and wizened man,
dressed in black with a white prayer shawl draped over his
A black yarmuilke is pinned to his mass of white
hair. His beard is an explosion of white, his nose sharp and
hooked, and his hands obviously arthritic. There is clay
under his fingernails that matches the clay on the ground
outside, and his eyes are piercing in a birdlike sort of way
Indeed, his very movements should remind the charactersof
sparrow as he hops from foot to foot, never

shoulders

some monstrous
standing still

Adonijah will ask the characters their business with
him warily. He will invite them inside and clear places on
his rough wooden benches for them to sit, yet keeps his
distance. The Qaballist obviously recognizes the Kindred
for what they are, and yet seems willing to listen to them. If
the players cannot explain why they have sought him, he
will offer to cast the gematria (a form of Qaballistic numer-
ology) for the character who spoke last.

Adonijah Ben-Reuyen

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Physical
Social: Ch
Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Alertness 4, Expression 1, Intimidation 1, Intu-
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 1

Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

arisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Meditation 3, Research 5, Stealth 1, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2,
Occult (Qaballah) 5, Science 2

Willpower: 9

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 2

True Faith: 7

Blood and Fire

Image: Adonijah is bowed and bent by his years, but his
green eyes are still bright and his wit is still keen. His hair is
unkempt and tangles down to join his bird's-nest beard, and
he wears all black. Over his shoulders is a prayer shawl, and
ablack yarmulke rests on his head.

Roleplaying Hints: Is someone asking you a question? Why
shouldn't you answer with one? Study is precious to you, as
isknowledge, and you do not give away the fruits of your
labors lightly. You have had dealings with the Sons of Caine
before, and do not fear them as much as others might
Indeed, certain signs and portents have told you that these
vampires, as much as their feeding habits revolt you, are
esential to defeating a serpent that gnawsat the roots of the
TreeofLife. With that in mind you are more kindly disposed
toward the players than you might otherwise be.

The golem is your pride and passion, and you gave
mnuch for the materials necessary to complete it. While you
haveno wish to actually raise it, you fear thatsuch an action
night well be necessary, and far too soon.

Note: Adonijah has a very strong Faith, as is fitting for a
scholar of Talmud and Qaballah. However, he has no wish to
ber the characters from his residence, and the normal aver-
sion Kindred have to characters with True Faith does not
come into play here unless the old man is attacked. Adonijah
isalo adept at the hedge magick Path of Warding, Binding
and Summoning (See Ascension's Right Hand for more
information) and has laid certain protectionson his mind and
soul. Any attempts to use Dominate or Presence on him are
automatically at a difficulty of 10, and if they fail Adonijah
will be aware of the efforts directed his way.

Gematria

When Adonijah casts the gematria, he will ask the
character their full name, translating it into Hebrew and
adding up the value of the Hebrew letters in their name.
He will also ask their date of birth, and not be surprised
no matter what the year offered. He will seem insulted if
the character lies about their date of birth, and such
characters are unlikely to receive his full cooperation.

Once the gematria is cast, Adonijah will rummage
around the sea of papers for a scrawled chart, referring
back and forth between the scribbled numbers and the
chart. Eventually he will look up with a frown and offer
the following:

"The sword of Uriel waits for you, Iam afraid. I see
ithere; fire, a conflagration, and in the center of it pages
burning. Avoid the numbers 16 and nine; be kind to old
vomen and young gitls. Take the taste of blood from
another's mouth where it is an abomination but beware
thechalice that will be offered you. Beyond that, I can
see no more."

Ifthe players cannot come up with further questions
for Adonijah, he will shoo them out.

The only line of questioning that will be fruitful forthe
characters will be following up on the mysterious clay, of
which scattered bits can be found on the floor. A look at the
papet-enshrouded table will reveal anatomical charts and
texts written in what appears to be a Slavic tongue. Any
character with Occult can make a roll of Intelligence +
Occult (difficulty 6) to recognize what the old man is doing.

Specifically, Adonijah is attempting to build a golem,
an artificial man of clay animated by magic and given a
semblance of life. If confronted with this, the Qaballist will
defiantly announce his intentions. Yes, he is building a
golem, andat great personal cost. Many of his most treasured
scrolls, some of his oldest works, had to be traded for the
notes of the great Rabbi Loew of Prague, who built a golem
in 1523 that saved the Jews of that city from those who
accused them of using the blood of children in religious rites.
Such times are coming again, Adonijah fears, and he is
resolved todo for Rome what Rabbi Loew did for Prague. He
will offer toshow his work to the characters, obviously proud
of his creation. If the characters agree, they will be led into
a dank basement, lit only by flickering torches in rough
sconces. In the center of the room stands a stone table; on
the slab rests a titanic figure with a face like the roughest
outline ofa visage. Fully eight feet tall, the golem isstill very
much a work in progress, but a majestic one. The golem
cannot yet be animated, but its heavy limbs promise strength
and endurance beyond that which mortals know.

Of course, it is not the golem but the books that were
traded for the notes from Prague that should interest the
characters. Oddly enough, Dominating Adonijah will prove
useless (he has laid certain protections on himself for his
dealings with Kindred; his earlier mention of Uriel, the angel
of the sun, was not a coincidence) but asking him will yield
a bounty of information. The texts he traded were almost
exclusively in Chaldean and Aramaic, many of them touch-
ingon the question of Lilith or on magic and blood. The only
relatively modern piece bartered away wasa list, quite recent,
of the titles in the Vatican library stacks and rare collections.

The trade was conducted with the factor for a certain
wealthy patron, one who had sent the information many
times for the casting of his gematria. The factor was named
Bernini, or Roselli or some such, and only came after
sundown. What that made him is anybody's guess, Adonijah
will conclude, and bid his guests good evening. If they have
impressed him, he will recommend that they speak to
Alfonse the bookseller. As the characters leave, they will
once again hear his voice rising in prayer and, if they listen
closely, perhaps an echo from beneath the house

Should the players physically attack Adonijah, they
will easily be able to defeat him. Any mystic protections he
has laid on himselfare forhis mind, not his body, and indeed
too much rough handling will cause the old man to die. The
golem will not rise to rescue Adonijah should his creator be
assaulted; as yet it is still only clay.

Act One: Unholy Bandits


The Beggarwoman's Tale

As the characters traipse along, they will be accosted
by a beggar woman mummified in rags. She will insert
herself into the characters' path, crying "Alms! Alms for
Madame Cloaca!" Her name means "sewer," and she cer-
tainly smells as if she were named with odor in mind.

Such forward behavior is exceedingly unusual for a
beggar in this period, and should be enough to attract the
players' attention. What will be even more unusual is that
the character with the lowest Willpower will find himself
reaching into his purse to bestow largesse upon the hideous
creature before him.

Madame Cloaca is in fact a Nosferatu, and a quite a
wealthy one at that. Preferring to ambush wealthy kine and
Dominate them into handing over the contents of their
purses, she has amassed an astounding cache of coin, which
she uses to purchase information from all over the city.

If the characters resist Madame Cloaca's Domina-
tion, she will immediately Obfuscate and flee. The best
way to get her to remain is to call out, loudly, that the
characters are willing to pay handsomely for information.
To get the Nosferatu to reveal herself once again, a sizable
amount of coin must be laid on the cobblestones. At this
point, Madame Cloaca will reappear and, parodying a
merchant, proceed to offer her wares.

If the characters ask about rare books, the beggar will
direct them to either Alfonse's or Adonijah's. Should the
inquiry be about food, the Three Lions tavern will be
proposed, Madame Cloaca has no direct information about
the theft itself, but she does know the following, which she
will reveal at her leisure and for her own price.

* The catacombs beneath the city have become un-
friendly to Kindred of late. The increase in hauntings began
some six months ago, immediately after a certain great
merchant house opened its doors in the city. The name of
the house: Giovanni. Then again, the hauntings have
started to decrease in the past two weeks or so.

# Something called the Black Monastery is tucked away
somewhere in the north. Rumors have placed it in the
Schwartzwald, the Swiss Alpsandon theslopes of Mount Doré
Ics said that the monks are all vampires, that they sodomize
each other and spit on the Cross, and that they practice the
Black Mass and have signed the Black Man's book.

# The Giovanni in residence in the city are, to the best of
her knowledge, Pietro, Ambrogino, Vincenzo and Mario
Pietro is the eldest and serves as the head of the household.
Vincenzo was just recently Embraced and isservingan appren-
ticeship under Mario, the most recent arrival from Venice
Ambrogino is perhaps the black sheep of the family and hasn't
been seen much in business dealings with the family.

# The factor for the House of Giovanni, one Bernini,
is currently at one of the family's warehouses, overseeing
the unloading of a cargo of valuable spices.

Blood and Fire

It may well have been a member of the family going
back and forth to Basel; the carriage that was taken on the pas
three trips was the one that bore the family crest and arms

This is all of the information that Madame Cloaca will
sell, and she may not sellall of it. Itdepends on how well the
characters treat her, as well as the depth of their purses
When she has wrung the last coin from the characters, she
will mockingly bow her thanks and vanish into the night

Should the characters need further guidance later in
the evening, it can be assumed that Madame Cloaca isin
fact following them, suspecting that their doings will make
for vital information indeed. Ata dramatically appropriate
moment, she will reappear, cacklingat the high-and-mighty
Camarilla lords' inability to get along without her. The cos
for assistance or direction at this point is humiliation, not
cash. Besides, she's already extracted an evening's worth of
coin from them, so the rest of her night is quite free

Madame Cloaca can direct the characters to any site
they need to reach. However, if they come to rely on her
directions she will take full advantage of that dependency by
misdirecting the characters or worse.

Madame Cloaca '

Clan: Nosferatu
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 356 (born 321)

Apparent Age: Indeterminable

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empathy3, |
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Stealth 5
Knowledges: History 3, Kindred Lore
Sewer Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Obfus
cate 5, Potence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Herd 1, Resources 4

3, Linguistics 3,

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 5

Willpower: 8

Image: A shambling mound of ra
bright eye and an extended claw. From somewhere within
the mass (approximately five feet tall) can be heard the |
jingle of coin and the slow shuffle-slide of a dragged foot

and scraps, pierced bya

Roleplaying Hints: Knowledge is wealth, and you have
both. Oh, the pretty young things need your help, do they! |
Well, maybe you'll help them and maybe you won't. De-
pends on if they're nice to you now, don't it?

Note: Madame Cloaca spent better than a 1000 years in |
torpor at the bottom of a mass grave, and as such is some-
thing ofa bizarre anachronism. There are curious gaps in her
knowledge, and she does prefer to converse in Latin.


Scene Three: The
Giovanni Manse

Some of the characters may feel that it would be a good
> pay a visit ro the House of Giovanni, attempting to
ify who of the family might be available. This is pure

hness, and the wraiths guarding the Giovanni residence

villalert the residents to the characters' approach long before

their arr Furthermore, those wraiths will harass the

ters as they wend their way back up the same hill that
they earlier ascended at the Founders' request. However,
every so often Fate demonstrates a fondness for fools.

The House of Giovanni dwellseven furtherup thehill than

dt and his compatriots, their house larger and more
There is no gate, however. The characters are free to
rightup tothe door. The wingsofthe house willseem like
greatshadowedarms, ready tocrush the characters withinastony
embrace, Always, the characters will have the sensation that

u

they are being observed. This is, of course, because they are.
Waiting at the door is a servant, a plump, balding little
mnan in red and black livery. He will invite the characters into

thehouse ir name of his master, Mario Giovanni, who has

been expecting them. The very soul of courtesy, he will walk

the characters into Mario's receiving room and then vanish.

Mario Giovanni
Clan: Giovanni
Generation: 6th
1503 (born 1477)

Apparent Age: Mid 20s

Embrace

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social:

charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Intimida-

tion 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
g

gling 5, Melee 3, Music 1,

iquette 4, Firearms 2, Hz
Stealth 3, Survival 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 4, Investigation 1,

Law 2,1 istics 4, Occult 3, Politics 2

Discipline:

Potence 3

Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Necromancy 4,

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Herd 2, Mentor 3,
Resources 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 1, Se urage 3

Humanity: 3
Willpow:
A slender, black-haired man in subdued finery,

Image

Mario radiates a quiet air of danger. Everything he wears

is obviously costly, but this is demonstrated through
quality, not flash. Mario is clean shaven, and his hands

are encased in black gloves.

Act One: Unholy Bandits


Roleplaying Hints: Isn't Providence kind to send you

hounds to send after your overly ambitious cousin? It must

be Fate, and who are you to gainsay Fate? They are putty in
your hands, but you must take care to mold them carefully.
After all, if you work them too quickly they may break.

Mario is quite aware of Ambrogino's doings, and has no
love forhis cousin. Irisnotthat Mario objects to Ambrogino's
aims, but rather to the fact that it is Ambrogino who will
receive the glory for accomplishing them. With that in mind,
he intends to drop enough information for the characters to
find Ambrogino's trail. With luck, they will regard Mario as
eitheranally oratleastan information source, and they check
back with him as to their movements in regards to his cousin.

When the characters are seated, Mario will introduce
himselfand apologize that his cousin, Ambrogino, whose duty
it is to greet guests who are....kin, is away on a business trip. If
asked about this, Mario will off-handedly refer to Basel, and
possibly even drop in a comment about chasing those wild
rumors of the Black Monastery again.

Assuming he hooks the characters' attention with this,
Mario will proceed to spin a story as to how his poor cousin
Ambrogino is "not quite right in the head," always looking
through moldy old books and chasing offall over Europe to find
standingstones or ghostly towers. His latest obsession is the so-
called Black Monastery, which he's sought diligently for the
last wo months, and which he's bound to seek diligently until
the next mania hits, It's bit of a disgrace, Mario will confide,
the way in which Ambrogino derelicts his duties to the family
business in order to pursue his own interests. If the party seems
particularly gullible, Mario ill ask them a favor: to take ashort
trip north to look after poor Ambrogino. He'd go himself, you

The Mysterious Map

The map that Mario's servant produces is a de-
tailed depiction of the route to the Black Monastery,
located just outside of Basel. It also pinpoints Kindred-
safe inns, known bandit hideaways and monasteries
and churches that might pose a threat to a traveling
party of Kindred. All in all, it is precisely what the
characters need in order to continue their quest.

Of course, the detailed nature of the map
does not jibe at all with Mario's story. If pressed on.
the issue, the necromancer will shrug diffidently
and say that the parchment is a copy of the map
that Ambrogino himself took on his travels, and
that he thought it might serve as a starting point
for their quest: If the players uncover the inconsis-
teney between story and map after leaving Casa
Giovanni, they may well come to the conclusion

that they are being set up.

Blood and Fire

see, but business calls and he has so many responsibilities. Of
course, he does have a map of Ambrogino's route, and to
ascertain his cousin's safety he'd be willing to pay quite well.

If the characters agree to accept Mario's offer, they will
immediately be handed a map, as well as a large pouch of gold
coin byaservant whoseems to materialize in the room. Another
will appear and whispersomething to Mario, who will standand
apologize, claiming that business calls. The butler will show the
characters out as Mario strides briskly into another room. The
door will slam behind them with a sepulchral thud, and the
players will find themselves on the chilly street once again.

Atthis point, the characters have the map to the monas-
tery, as well as the wherewithal to hire transportation to the
site. Of course, they are also beholden to Mario Giovanni, who
will set wraiths upon the players to observe their progres
Included in the bag of coins are a good half-dozen that are
Fetters for various wraiths in Mario's employ, meaning thatthe
watching wraiths will be able to find the characters no matter
where they go, so long as they keep the coins with them

Should the characters not get the map from Mario
Giovanni, their best bet is to hire Toby the mercenary (see the
Three Lions Inn), who hassome idea where the so-called Black
Monastery actually is. Should they not hire Toby, they atleast
have Basel as a lead to go upon, and a few nights' diligent
searching near that city will turn up the proper path to the
monastery. There is only one bit of unfinished business: Ifthe
characters have already visited the Three Lions Inn, there
still the matter of the Masquerade-shattering rapist, Bernini

Scene Four: The
Warehouse

Only at the Giovanni warehouse do the men work al
through thenight; the other great houses' stores are quietunder
the moon. Not so the one overseen by the legendary Bernini,
whose speed at unloading a wagon is legend among the factors
and taskmasters of Rome. When the characters approach the
warehouse Bernini oversees, the man will be instantly recog-
nizable as he stands atop a wagon full of boxes marked with the
name of various spices, bellowing orders. Around him sweat-
ing, hustling men curse and shove as they off-load boxes with
remarkable precision. The balletof the unloadingseemslikeit's
about to fall into disaster at any moment, but somehow the
imminent collisions are always averted by a hait's breadth

If the characters approach Bernini, he will ignore them in
favor ofhis work. Ifthey persist, he will have several of his workers
attempt to remove him. Should the characters mention Base,
Ambrogino or missing books, Beminiwill demand that they leave
and enforce hisrequest with most ofhis workers. Conversely, ifthe
characters subtly attracthis attention, Bernini will notice that his
visitors' breath doesnotsteam in thenightair. A long-term servant
of the Giovanni, he is quite aware of what this means and will
quickly find an excuse to find his way over to them.


Ifthe characters have met with Lucinda, they may know
of Bernini's fixation with becoming Kindred and can use this
desire as a means to extract information from him.

Bernini

Clan: Ghoul

Apparent Age: 31

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive (wagon) 2, Etiquette 2, Fire-
arms 3, Melee 5, Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Mentor 3, Resources 3
Willpower: 8

Image: Bernini is short but powerfully muscled, with a black beard
and piercing blue eyes. An earring dangles from his left ear the
weight appears to be a silvered baby's knucklebone. Wearing black
and red, Bernini is heavily armed with both pistols and blades. He
isexpertin theuse ofeither; managinga crew ofruffianshe hastobe.

Roleplaying Hints: They hold out the promise to youand they
snatch it away. They offer you immortality and then tell you
thatyouare notof the right blood, that youare not Family. You
shall show them. You, who knows their secrets, you will find a
way t0 use those secrets to achieve the eternal life they have
denied you! No matter what it takes, the Embrace will be yours.

When dealing with others, always look for the edge. If this means
being more ruthless than the other fellow, so be it. Your driving
ambition is to become Kindred, and you will do anything to

achievethat end, butin themeanwhiletherearecargoestounload,
bargains to strike and wenches to tumble. One eye ison eternity,
yes, but the other is peeled and focused on the here and now.

Sample Laborer Statistics
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental Wits 2
Talents: Alertnes Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Intimidation 2

Perception 2, Intelligence

Streetwise 2
Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 1, Survival 2
Knowledges: Occult 1

Willpower: 5
Image & Roleplaying Tips: The laborers are dressed in poor
tut reasonably intact clothing. They are honest workers,
generally lange physical specimens, and not terribly interested
in anything other than unloading these damned crates. The
workmen arearmed witha variety of blunt weapons, knivesand
the occasional (but rare) pistol. There area dozen of them, half
of whom will be in the warehouse at any given time

Bernini is desperate to become Kindred, and he kno
that he is not of the right family to become Giovanni. As he
has already downed Kindred blood while still remaining
mortal, the factor is convinced that human blood is the way
to the transformation; hence his repeated assaults on the
prostitute Lucinda. Once he is off with the characters, he
will begin trying to convince them of how much he deserves
to be made Kindred. He will rattle off all of the depraved
things he his done on Ambrogino's behalf, from obtaining
small children off the streets for the master's "appetites" to
slowly torturing men to death to make certain their deaths
are agonizing enough to make them wraiths to recruiting
friends as guards for Ambrogino's trips north, knowing that
theyare to be murdered. His treatment of Lucinda is his piece
de resistance, and he will lovingly describe everything he has
done to the prostitute. Bernini's tone is hungtily lascivious
as he describes how he tore at the tender flesh of the git!'s
neck, the sweet copper taste of her blood and how exciting
her screams were. The recitation ends with a sexual flush in
his cheeks; if there are any female characters present Bernini

will look at them with a violating animal hunger. He will
look to the characters for confirmation of his behaviors, and
if itis not forthcoming he will be exceedingly confused.

If the characters offer to Embrace him, he will give
them literally anything they desire that is within his powe
Ambrogino's location, whathe took with him, how longago
he left the city (ascant two weeks), how many guardshe had
with him (four, barely enough to last the trip) and so on. If,
the characters renege on this bargain, he will become
infuriated enough to attack the character who lied to him,
and his men will attack with him. The characters are faced
with the choice of engaging in a potential full-scale melee
in the streets (in which they are heavily outnumbered) or
flecingandallowing the threat to the Masquerade roam free.

Should the characters kill Bernini, they will have not more
than a single round to flee before the laborers notice what has
happened to their factor and, using the tools at hand, move in to
punish the characters. On the other hand, should the characters
Embrace Bemini, his initial frenzy will take him right into the
workers, there to wreak bloody mayhem. Regardless, the situation
endsdisastrously, with only the knowledge of their prey's identity
and hiding place serving to give the players hope for victory.

Leaving The Eternal City

When the players finally do take themselves out of
Rome, it is suggested that they hire a coach (or two) to take
them north. Not only does a coach afford protection from
the sun, so the journey can be continued by day, but it also
confers upon its riders certain assumptive status which the
characters may find d
chased ot, if necessary, stolen; however a stolen coach is
often easily recognizable if it has a coat of arms upon it, and
will lead to unwanted attention from soldiers. While a
coach isa slightly slower mode of transportation than mere
horseback riding, the added benefits make it worthwhile.

irable. Coaches can be

sily pur-

Act One: Unholy Bandits



In this second act of Blood and Fire, the characters
trace Ambrogino Giovanni to Switzerland and a mountain
monastery where a group of Kindred elders have gathered to
assist the fledgling Sabbat sect with the creation of Paths of
Enlightenment. Upon their arrival at the enclave, the
characters are informed that before the elders will discuss
Giovanni, they must spend some time at the monastery
learning about the elders' mission. During this time they
may discover contradictions with what they have learned
about the Sabbat, the Camarilla and vampire nature. While
atthe monastery, they encounter the person who has been
tracing them since Italy and learn that Giovanni has given
them the slip aj

Into the Old Country

In 1666, Switzerland looked forward to a little peace
fora change. Over the past century, it had harbored some of
the most passionate thinkers and artists of the age, but some
equally passionate hatred and terror. Cities like Basel and
Zurich enjoyed a rich intellectual flowering during the 16th
century, providing homes to universitiesand luminaries like
Erasmus and Hans Holbein.

in, his trail leading to London

But Switzerland suffered considerably from the reli-
gious struggles that rocked Europe during the Reformation
andCounter-Reformation.
of religion and language occurred where Catholicism and
Protestantism met and often clashed.

Worse, Swit
tinction of being the geographic center of the witch
hysteria of the 14th through the 16th centuries. Basel was

some places, serious divisions

erland also enjoyed the dubious dis-

home to one well-known trial where a rooster was charged
with witchcraft for laying an egg (such eggs were said to
hatch the dreaded basilisk, a creature that could kill with
a single look or breath); for said crime, the unfortunate
fowl was burned at the stake. The witchfires raged out of
control until 1662; while they slowed somewhat after
that, the embers would not die out until 1728, with the
last legal witch execution.

Characters traveling through Switzerland to the Sabbat
enclave near Basel will have a number of things to worry
about from the locals — religious fervor and the witchfires.
Nowhere will it be more important or difficult to preserve
the Masquerade than during the travel time.

Travel itself during this time, while somewhat im-
proved from the daysof Last Supper, wasstill notundertaken
lightly. Bandits were still a problem, and now they wielded
firearms in addition to swords and knives. Switzerland was
also a dangerous country geographically. Mountain roads
were frequently narrow and treacherous for a carriage, and
threatened with rockslides. In the winter, many such roads
became impassable until spring thaw, and any who dared
the mountain roads on foot or horseback had to worry about
sudden avalanches.

However, it was for just such reasons that the Hospice
of St. Bernard was constructed. Located in the Swiss Alps
and maintained by Augustinian monks, it is here that the
famous St. Bernard dogs were first bred. This traveler's
refuge could provide a possible stopping point for the
characters, but the dogs may have objections to the presence
of the undead. The monks may also have Faith that the
Kindred could find objectionable.

Act Two: The Black Monastery


The City of Basel

This beautiful medieval city is nestled between France
and Germany, with the Rhine running through itand the Jura
Mountainsas its fence. It enjoyed relatively easy contact with
Italy and was home to a fine university staffed by such
luminaries as Erasmus. When the religious fervor of the
Reformation and Counter-Reformation finally cooled, Basel
was a predominately Catholic city. During the 17th century,
it was known as a center of industry for the production of
stockings, silk ribbon, tobacco and snuff, as well as home
industries like woodcarving. The Rhine literally runs through
the middle of it, allowing commerce and travel.

Basel in the World of Darkness issuffering fromaserious
lack of the supernatural, as the witch-hunts have driven away
many shadow denizens. The Kindred population has been
decimated by the witch-hunts; only 12 vampires exist here.
Their "prince" is Brujah Manfred von Schorr, who is virtually
a figurehead. The rest of the vampires defer to him out of
necessity: Manfred is a fair leader, a skilled warrior, and has

made some small headway with the area's Lupines.

And Lupines abound here; the surrounding terrain is
glorious by their standards. A pack of eight has taken up
residency and patrols the forest surrounding the monastery
and the city. They are well aware of something unnatural in
the monastery, but they are reluctant to confront 15 vam-

pires. However, should someone venture out by himself.

A Grim Reminder

Some characters may well forget that the witchfires are
only about four years cooled, and Switzerland was one of the
true hotbeds of the witch trials. If a character forgets the
Masquerade one too many times (and once is one too
many), or even if the characters have been as good as gold,
the Storyteller may wish to use the following scene as a
irieans of reminding them just where they are.

As they pass through a smaller town on the way to the
enclave, they see torches lighting the square and a mob
clustering, Even if the characters don't want to stop, they
will see this eventually: if not here, then in another town.
Either way, they see two women: one a middle-aged, moth-
erly looking matron; the other an old grandmother type.
Both wear shifts and are barefoot, and look as if they were
just yanked out of bed. The old woman needs to be helped
along by a guard. Both are led to the center of town where
two pyres and stakes await them. The elderly woman accepts
her bonds quietly and begins to pray fervently as she is tied
to the stake. The matron, however, screams and thrashes in
terror, and it takes several men and a few slaps to get her t0
stop struggling long enough to be tied.

Agrim-faced man wearing the robes of a judge reads off
the charges: These women are hereby charged with witch-
craft, for consorting with devils and demons, for the keeping
of familiars, for certain unnatural acts, to wit — copulating
with Satan and participating in his unholy rites, etc. If the

Blood and Fire

Storyteller wishes to embellish here, Sprenger and Kramer'
Malleus Maleficarum, Montague Summers' History of Witch
craft or Time-Life's Witches and Witchcraft will provide any
number of "crimes" to attribute to these women,

The charges read, a priest declares them to be beyond
jod's mercy. The old woman bows her head and clasps her
hands tightly, and the matron begins to sob hysterically. The
villagers stare at them, some with dispassion, some with hate.
Those characters who sean the crowd for other reactions may
seea few who look sad or frightened. Ifthey attempt to engage
the villagers in conversation, they will be mostly ignored.

The pyres are lit. Those characters standing closer to the |
woodpiles will need to make Courage rolls (difficulty 8) to |
avoid Rétschreck. The smell of burning wood engulfs the
characters, and the fires burn brightly for five minutes. Sud-
denly, the dry wood flares in the old woman's pyre, and flame
begins to engulf her. She continues to pray frantically, but as
the flames lick around her shift and legs, she tums her face
upward and lets out a guttural scream of agony. She is soon
joined by the matron, whose shrieks are ear-piercingly shrill.
Thesmell of wood is now mixed with the odor of cooking flesh.
If Self-Control or Courage rolls are needed, the difficulty is8,

After 10 minutes of thishideous chorus of screams, the |
old woman's chin drops to her chest, and the flames cover
her. The matron continues to shriek until the flames are |
around her chest; then she too falls silent. The crowd |
watches, many murmuring or praying softly as the bodies
slowly blacken and lose their human shape. The roar of the
fire is the loudest thing here.

If someone has managed to stay near the forefront all
this time, he or she notices a young woman enveloped ina |
black cloak standing on the other side of the pyre. The
woman holds her cloak shut with one hand, the hood mostly
covering her face. Her expression is masklike, her grief
betrayed by the hand tightly clutching her cloak. She meets
the gaze of the character for a few seconds. A character who |
is continuing from The Last Supper will think her face
seems vaguely familiar, like something seen in a dream.
Suddenly the flames leap, and when they die down, she is
gone. If the character wishes to pursue, he will not be able
to get through the crowd fast enough to catch her. By the
time he gets through the crowd, she is gone, vanished into
the night that hems in the village.

The villagers disperse to their homes as the flames die
down. The blackened bodies on the stakes look nothinglike
human beings as the bones slide down the charred stake. A
character moved enough to approach the pyres will be
accosted by one of the stern-faced village elders. He will
inform the character that the women were witches, tried
and found guilty by the letter of the law, and executed
accordingly. He will not hear it if a female character at-
tempts to argue otherwise, and may even turn and accuse |
her of witchcraft. A male character who attempts the same
will be asked to shut his mouth, as he is not a member of this
village. This should be suitable encouragement to leave


Town information is added for those who may want to
check here first, meet the prince or lodge their ghouls.

Asmentioned before, Basel isa medieval city, with cobble-
sone streets and half-timber buildings. The evening streets are
litwith the occasional lantem, although the wealthy who need
tobeout have lantern-bearers to light their way. Mortal activity
has decreased considerably with nightfall, but taverns, inns and
some households are still awake with laughter and snatches of

conversation from behind the shuttered windows

Those wishing to ask after booksellers or dealers of
antiquities will be directed to four places, neatly all of which
closed forthe evening. Theexception isalong the Rhine in the
northem half of the town. This news is given with a distinctly
ilkat-ease expression and quick over-the-shoulder glances.

e

Said book shopisrun by Herr Dieter Frankel,a Nosferatu.
His shop door is locked, but a faint candle-glow from inside
suggests someone is still about. After some persistent knock-
ing, Dieter will be motivated to grumble to the door and
demand, "What do you want? Who sent you?" (He is wearing
Mask of 1000 Faces). After listening to their answers (hope-
fillypolite ones) and checking their vampire natures through
Auspex, he lets them in and closes the door behind them.

Dieter is a curmudgeonly old cuss who answers with
politeness only when given in kind... maybe. He looks like
anold man in dressing gown and slippers. A disk around his
neck bears the heraldic device of a black rose being drawn
through a golden bow. He received a written inquiry from
Italy's Giovanni concerning the Chaldean language, burhe
had to decline on the basis that he did not deal with that
language. (He may get sidetracked expounding on his own
work with Hebrew, Greek and Latin, but will get back on
tack if reminded.) Since then, there have been no other
inquiries. Have the characters introduced themselves to
Prince Manfred von Schorr down at the Black Coq? It
doesn't matter if they're just passing through, but it's a good
idea, what with the Lupines and such. If the Black Monas-
tery is mentioned, Dieter orders them out of his shop.

The Black Coq isa noisy, smoky tavern, with pipesand
rowdy evening gambols greeting the characters. The
tavemkeeper will point Manfred out ifasked, indicating the
shadowed back area.

The noise level seems to diminish considerably in
Manfred's presence. A tall, thin man with a tired, bearded
face, he sits with his back to the wall, surrounded by three
of his "court": ewo men and a young woman in blue, all
wearing the same disk as Dieter. The men will block ac

to Manfred until the characters state their business. He
acknowledges their introductions and inquires as to their
business. Manfred does not know of a Giovanni p

ing
through here, nor is it his business. He's too busy keeping

tabs on the Lupine activity, which he warns is more brisk

than usual. Whatever's going on up in that "Black Monas-
tery" has the werewolves skittish and looking for targets. If

Act Two: The Black Monastery


the characters indicate they're going that way, he answers,
"If any of them ever deign to come out of their ivory tower
and walk among the rest of us, please convey to them that

they should introduce themselves post haste, or I cannot be
responsible for what happens."

Elysiums are designated as the University, all churches
and the Black Cog. Also, the Eagle and Child Inn is to be
avoided, as those Lupines who venture into town go there.
The tavernkeeper is his ghoul, and the inn across the street
is ghoul housing. Unless the characters have anything else

pertinent, the interview is at an end.

Fox Hunt

Between Basel and the monastery, the characters
hear the sounds of baying dogs and whinnying horses. A
man is spotted on the edge of the road, pale and terrified,
gasping for breath. His clothes are torn and mud-spat-
tered. He attempts to flag down the characters' carriage

screaming, "For love of God and pity's sake, help me!"
but the coachman does not stop, even if the characters
order him. Seeing that's he's not going to get help here,
the man takes off running again, crosses the road and

disappears into the forest

A few yards up the road, a cloaked figure on horseback
approaches, and the coachman stops. The figure asks in a

low female voice, "How far back did you see him?"

The coachman answers promptly. If the characters
attempt to interject verbally, they will be ignored,
A.uspex or Heightened Senses reveals that the woman is
Kindred, with a magn
Fine black threads seem to snake through it. The woman
trots beside the coach to get a good look at the group
Her face is too deep in her hood to be seen, and she will
Her long black cloak is

ent aura of green and purple

not answer any questions
trimmed with crimson cutwork that looks like flames
licking at the edges of the garment

Satisfied with the information, the woman tums her
horse and crosses the road to the forest, where she spurs the
animal into a gallop. The sound of a huntsman's horn
echoes distantly as the coach starts to move again. More
riders cross the road behind the coach, following the sound.

One isa man in fancy, night-blue hunting gear, followed by

another rider in "highwayman" clothes, most of his face

muffled beneath a scarlet silk scarf. Both are Kindred.

The characters, ifthey saw the riders pass behind them,

will recognize Lord Alexandre, and Julian Sanders respec-

tively when they reach the enclave, mostly by that duo's
fancy gear. The speaker was Vadislava, recognizable by her

distinctive cloak.

After this, the rest of the journey will be uneventful as
the characters pass through the forest and into the foothills
of the Jura Mountains.

Blood and Fire


Arrival

The coach will stop about halfway up the mountain,
asthe road has become too dark to traverse safely. At the
same time, characters see a glow from approaching lan-
tems, and six men walk down the path, all carrying
lanterns and armed with swords. Three wear black and
green, the others scarlet and black blazoned with a silver
fish. The men state that they have been sent by the
masters of the monastery, to guide the characters. The
characters will have to walk from here, as this is the best
way up the mountain. They are assured their luggage will
follow, and the men set off back up the road.

The wind whines eerily at this altitude, and the late
autumn night is full of sweet, chilly air. The men are silent
and do not respond to questions about Giovanni except to
sy that Lady Meridie will explain everything. At that
point, the wind seems to moan, suspiciously like a low
howl. The men in scarlet and black cross themselves
quickly, but do not say what they heard. The Storyteller
should do her utmost to convey that the characters are
going into very unfamiliar, very scary territory. The entire
trip takes about 20 minutes walking time.

The monastery looms on an Alpine crag, gates
thrown open despite the Lupine threat. A dry fountain
carved to look like a woman in Greek garments stands in
the middle of the courtyard. As the characters approach
the front door, a woman in a long green cloak steps out
andstands at the top of the stairs. This is Lady Meridie de
Chancie, one of the leaders of the elders. Her green eyes
study the group intently. Her voice is level and pleasant.
"| was wondering when you would arrive. Vad
mentioned that there was a group of our kind on the road,
and out here they can only be going one place.

ava

Ifthe characters begin their questions immediately,
or attempt to leap right into searching for Giovanni,
Meridie steps into their way and speaks in the same
measured tones. She never overreacts or shows any sign
that she is being ruffled. "Urgency should never be a
reason for one to forget his manners. Is it not meet that
first that you should introduce yourselves before you
begin tearing up our house?"

If necessary, she will continue browbeating the
characters about manners until they comply. The balky
will be restrained by one of the escorts. When everyone is
settled, Meridie leads them into the monastery.

The Monastery

The compound of the elders is a former Augustine
monastery, similar to its more famous brethren, the Hospice
ofSt. Bernard. Built to withstand the harsh winters, it looks
more like a fortress than a monastery, taking advantage of
the terrain to serve asa fitst means of defense. The place has
teen further fortified by ghoul guards.

Three entrances lead into the monastery. The first
is the front gate, wide enough to admit a coach, where
ends the mountain road. Beyond the gate is a wide
courtyard with the monastery on one side, a stable for
animals and a chapel. The second entrance was built to
ensure escape during siege and can only be traversed on
foot. A path diverges from the main road, leading
through some treacherous ground before reaching an
ironwork gate set into the rock face below the west
facing of the monastery. This is kept locked at all times.
The tunnel leads below the mountains and up into the
monastery proper, where travelers exit through a vast,
empty wine cask. The third entrance is found on the
north facing, another escape route in times of war. This
tunnel is also secured with a locked gate and ends below
the chapel in the ossuary.

Inside the walls, one finds a comfortable, if austere,
setting. The stable houses a number of horses, all of very
fine breed and obviously expensive, and a couple of pack
mules. Across the courtyard is the chapel, a simple struc
ture with few fancieson the outside. Beside the chapel rests
the main building.

This severe-looking structure has been partially
renovated to facilitate better living conditions. Origi-
nally housing over 30 monks, it now serves as the
temporary headquarters of the new Sabbat sect. There is
no second floor, only a ground floor and cellars below it.
On the ground floor are the main hall, the private
chambers of the various elders, a small dormitory for
guests, another for ghouls, the library and a number of
unused rooms. Any windows are shielded with bolted
shutters and thick black draperies. The monastery was
quite large, and the rooms being used now are clustered
in one portion, leaving the rest unused.

Ghouls are guards and servants and nothing more.
Any ghouls arriving with the characters will either be sent
back to Basel or told to stay in the ghoul dormitory.
Socializing with ghouls is frowned upon by most antitribu,
while Sabbat clans outright forbid it and deride anyone
foolish enough to be caught doing so.

Down in the subterranean portion is a wine cellar
with a number of dusty bottles and clay jugs corked and
sealed. These contain wines, most of them left over
from the monks' departure. Also, there are many earth-
enware jugs, much newer looking and sealed tightly.
These are filled with blood with some strange weed
floating in it (Perception + Herbalism, difficulty 8, to
figure out it's burdock). A few chambers, which might
have been root cellars and pantries during the
monastery's use, are now mostly empty. One is being
used by Vadislava as her "workroom"; another is used
by Lord Mendel as a ritual chamber; and the third, in
the bowels of the earth, is being used by Intisar for her
own purposes.

Act Two: The Black Monastery

The Chapel

Simple in taste and design, the chapel has little in the
way of the fancies and niceties of the Gothic or Renaissance
churches. Rough wooden benches, some broken, areall that
remain of the pews. Thestonealtarisstill intactand covered
with a rotting cloth. There are some suspicious-looking
stains on the cloth, too old to identify. The leaded glass
windows have remained remarkably intact, but allow little
light into the chapel. Someone has thrown a rock through
the large window over the door, and moonlight filters
through toasingle pool on the floor. The Faith in here isold,
bur there is enough residue to cause discomfort to the very
monstrous (roll Willpower, difficulty 9).

Below the sanctuary is the ossuary. Here, neat piles of
bones from monks long dead rest in their own jars and
cubbyholes, with the most grisly prize saved for last — a
pyramidal stack of cleaned and polished skulls resting in the
comer. A wooden door bound with iron is in the back of the
crypt. This is the third entrance described above

Meeting with the Elders

A ghoul takes the characters' cloaks, and Meridie leads
them into the main chamber.

Said chamber is large and lit primarily by a fireplace,
with a few candelabras near those reading or otherwise
engaged. The infrequent light only serves to deepen the
pools of shadow in between. A few fraying butstill splendid
tapestries showing Esther and Asherus cover the bare walls.
The furniture runs the gamut from Italian Renaissance to
Elizabethan to the new Baroque styling

Most of the elders are present, absorbed in their own
tasks until they hear the characters come in. Melisande
snaps open her fan and gazes over the edge at each one in
turn, Master Frazier, absorbed in a book, slips a finger in to
mark his place frankly appraises them. Intisar is reclining on
cushions near Melisande, whereupon she rises unhurriedly
to look at the characters. Veradis slips out from the shadows
behind her, her face impassive unles
Assamite character. Her stony expression flickers over him
before moving on.

she spotsan obviously

"Where are the others?" asks Meridie.

As if to answer her, Theron comes rushing in like a
freight train and bounces intoa chair, turns around kneeling
on the seat, and stares at the characters with wild pop-eyes
"So who are these fools?" he demands.

"They are brethren of ours and guests," Meridie replies
without missing a beat. "Where are Mendel and Mateusz?"

"The library, I think," says Intisar. "They will not hear
you from down here."

"And the rest of them?"

Melisande closes the fan. "Out hunting. They were
going to see what prey they could scare up on the other side
of the river."

Blood and Fire

From outside echoes aclatterofhooves anda loud male
voice singing a bawdy song. A door bangs open from farther
down the hall, and a group of vampires clad in hunting gear
strides in. Those who looked out the carriage windows
recognize the party from the road. Lord Alexandre enters
first, wearing night-blue gear and twitching off his gloves,
He does not pay the characters much attention beyond a
glance. Julian, the singer, springs in, checks out the charac-
ters in a moment and takes the hand of the nearest lady
character to kiss.

Vadistava does not enter farther than the door. Char-
acters will recognize her from the cutwork around the
borders of her cloak. She leans against the door frame,
taking in the whole thing with eyes as dark as flint. Haakon
her, wearing rougher peasant garb in comparison to
the rich clothes of the others.

passe:

Meridie tums to the charactersand says, "As| said when
learned of your travels, those of our kind on this road have
only one destination. Welcome to the Black Monastery."

The name should send a ripple through those "in the
know." Rumots of an enclave of vampires up in the hinter-
lands have been rife, but no one really knew pertinent facts.
Now the characters are about to find out.

Ifone of the characters blurts out the above informa-
tion, the room chills a little. Alexandre replies, "It would
seem our reputation precedes us then. Tell me, little one,
what do you know of us?"

Any answer from the characters brings scattered chuck-
les from the elders. Alexandre smiles at Meridie, "Then our
secret is safe for now. Still, you appear to have an unfair
advantage — you know something of us, and we know
nothing of you. I should like to remedy this."

If no answers are forthcoming immediately, he gets
impatient. "Oh, come, come! Surely there must be some
reason for you to be traveling to our little enclave. One does
not risk the Lupines out of sheer curiosity."

Those who tell him about following Giovanni's trail 0
thisplaceare answered with collective confusion. "Say who!"

Demands to be allowed to search the place are met
with disdain by Alexandre. "And just what variety of fool do
you take me for? Do you really think that I would allow you
to come barging into my house like highwaymen, with
apologies to Master Sanders—" he nods sardonically at
Julian, "—to simply search and then leave, without having
ever discerned what prize you've truly passed over?"

The curious are rebuffed with more such barbs until he
"agrees" to tell them outright what he has been intimating,
with assistance from Meridie.

The group present are nearly entirely elders of the
Sabbat sect, the exceptions being Meridie, Frazier and
Intisar. True, the Sabbat wars are over, but the sect isin need
ofhelp. In unshackling themselves from both Camarilla and
Masquerade, the sect is discovering how terribly easy itis to
fall prey to the Beast. The call went out fora group of Sabbat


with the will and talent to find new ways for the Sabbat to
avoid the insanity of the Beast without falling to the stifling
chains of the Camarilla.

Alexandre notes that each side has something the other
would like. The elders have information on Giovanni; the
characters have fresh new voices and thoughts. He proposes an
exchange: Contribute to their mission, and they will contribute
tothe characters' knowledge. This is his first, last and only offer.

The characters can refuse and attempt to barge their
way through, but Julian, Veradis, Vadislava, Alexandre and
Haakon are all fighters of some skill and will make hash of
them without second thought. The characters can attempt
tohold out, but things will grind to a stalemate.

Once the characters agree to see things Alexandre'
vay, house rules are laid down: No ghoul is to be tampe
with without permission from i no diablerie (shar-
ing, yes; cannibalism, no); any grievances are settled
peacefully between the parties or mediated by him and
Meridie; any dueling is done in the courtyard.

ed

maste

Thematteris sealed witha Sabbat "prayer," as Vadislava
calls on Caine to witness their strivings that all may find
what they seek, "...even if they do not yet know they seek
it" She stands reverently for a moment in silence before
uttering, "Caine hears us, and we are blessed." A Vaulderie
may be passed among the Sabbat

Group Dynamics

The Sabbat of the group have formed a temporary pack
among themselves while at work here. They perform the
Vaulderie just as any other pack, and are equally close-knit.
Acharacter who arouses the ire of one will incur the wrath of
the rest. The non-Sabbat characters tend to cluster among
themselves for similar reasons, although they would never
call ita pack. Despite the friction among certain members
concerning someone's competency or ideology, things rarely
come to blows. The attempt here is for egalitarianism in the
interests of productivity, which succeeds. ..some of the time.
The educated, courtly or sharp-witted engage in exchanging
verbal zingers, as is the fashion of the times. A character who
can keep up will certainly be drawn further into their circle.

Iso.

Lady Meridie's Garden

Lady Meridie will gravitate toward a character who
seemsintelligentand appears to havea genuine interestin the
business of the enclave. She will meet up with her in the hall
not long after rising, and invite the character to take the
evening's refreshment in the old garden. If the character begs
off for other business, she will simply reschedule it for later.

The garden is old and somewhat unkempt, but one
comerappears tohave been recently trimmed and salvaged.
One bush is a shrub variety of rose, and a few blossoms still
cling, emitting a light scent. Meridie offers the character a
seat on a nearby stone bench and pours out blood from an
earthenware pitcher into goblets. The vintage doesnot taste

Act Two: The Black Monastery


Storyteller Notes —

The various encountersstaged between theSabbat
elders and the characters are intended to be thought:
provokingspringboardsfortoleplayingand introspection.
on the characters' parts. The Storyteller and any assis-

tants are advised to go after this with gusto. Also, the —
various characters are not limited to their own clanmates
by any means; additional notes are made as to what type
of charactersthe eldersmay look foriftheirownclansare
not represented. And as always, feel free to use different
scenes with differentclans or to make up ascene ifthere
is not one to your liking. a4 ee

What's to keep the characters at themonastery?
For starters, they're out in the Jura Mountains, sur-
rounded by wilderness. While Basel is nearby, it's not
quite close enough to travel freely back and forth.
And in' between Basel and the monastery li¢ the —
woods, and its indigenous Lupine pack. 3

Ifthe characters do wander out into the wilderness,
sic the Lupines on them, Someone may come to the
characters' rescue if they scream loud enough. Of course,
ifthey survive, theyre in deeper debt with the Sabbat.

The Sabbat intend to hold verystringently to their
exchange. Those who attempt to circumvent it are met
by the threats in "Something in the Shadovws...".

The forthcoming harrowings are explained as a
means to an end. Those nervous about being sepa-
tated from the group are told that one-on-one really
works best for this Sort of thing. =

at all stale or foul, although there is a hint of some plant
(burdock, used in the Preserve Blood ritual). Meridie pro-
poses a toast "to our success," and drinks. After some polite
small talk, she steers the conversation toward the enclav

"How much did you know of us before you came?" she
begins. It is unlikely that the character knows much beyond
the facts thata group of Kindred have set up shop here. "I saw
how disturbed you were at the terms of the exchange. Would
I be correct in suspecting that much of this comes from
ignorance?" If the character says yes, Meridie immediately
launches into the section below. If the character says no,
Meridie asks what exactly she does know, soshe doesn't cover
old ground, and tailors her words accordingly.

"The Camarilla is so interested in maintaining its
precious humanity that it frequently embraces humanity's
flawsas well as its virtues. Humankind fears what it does not

understand. So it is with the Camarilla. If they but under-
stood our mission and that of the Sabbat, perhaps they
would be less inclined to war with us. | am considered
Camarilla because I have not taken the Sabbat's Creation
Rites, but I do not serve the sect's interests. I was requested
tocome at the invitation of certain allies and elders who felt
that my talents would be of use during this time.

"In seeking to understand the Beast, in shucking Human-
ityas the Sabbat have done, the Beast is given freer rein. We do
notseek toshackle the Beast, merely to place iton the appropri-
ate leash to ensure that we do not lose our intellect, our passion,
our essence, to mindless animalistic urges. If the Camarilla has
anything to fear from us, itis that we are right. The Sabbat is
perceived asevil largely due tobad propaganda... although those
like Vadislava do little to enhance our reputation."

She continues in similar vein, describing the Camarilla
as being foolish, cowardly and unwilling to examine what
made them what they are. Meridie believes that the Beast
can be harnessed and its passion channeled into personal
strength of soul, provided it has the right means. To this
end, the cardinals of the Sabbat made an open call thatany
with the wisdom and strength to undertake the task meet
in Switzerland at this monastery to create such means for
the Beast. Following the work of their forebears, they
chose to envision the "harness" as a road, as means for
traveling beyond the barriers of sheer mindless bestiality or
paralyzing fear of it.

"Our discussions have been...lively, concerning the
means to the end of the road," Meridie remarks with a wry
smile. "Haakon is certain that peace can be found in our
Beast'sconnections with theanimals from whence itsprung,
while Lord Alexandre believes that power, harsh enforce-
ment of it and refusal of frailty is a muzzle for the braying
soul." If pressed about her own beliefs, she will demur, buta
patient character or one who suggests Meridie has no
opinion of her own garners the answer, "I have listened to
all, and find Haakon's beliefs to be most sympathetic to my
own. However, all are valid in their own way."

Now Meridie attempts to learn about the character's
thoughts on the Sabbat here, her thoughts on the Camarilla
and authority, her thoughts on the nature of the Beast, God,
good and evil. In so doing she employs a Socratic, question-
for-question method. For troupe play, such a conversation
would be a good time to hand Meridie off to another player.

Ifthe character shows some leanings toward notions of
free will, open thought or moral relativism, Meridie springs
this question when the character is unlikely to be thinking
about it: "Would you stay, given the chance?"

Meridie seeks a blurt-out answer. If the character
hesitates, Meridie asks her to be honest, as she has been. If
the character says "yes," Meridie nods and says, "Then
perhaps you should learn a little more. I suggest you visit the
library. Ask for the Red Book of Westmarch. It may help to
clear up some of your questions. If you need to talk, you
know where to find me."

Blood and. Fire


If the character is ambivalent, perhaps over conflicts of
completing the mission, Meridie suggests, "Think on it. The
Sabbathold freedom in high esteem, and the freedom of choice
isoneweall, nomatteroursect, value mosthighly. Perhapsread
the Red Book of Westmarch — you will find it in the library
Wewould certainly understand if you felt you had to complete
your mission. Come to me if you have questions."

Ifthe character says no, Meridie probes further, trying to
understand what the character objects to and pointing out
inconsistencies or fears based on falsehood. She suggests that
her reasons may bear deeper examining: "Is it our passion, or
your own which frightens you?"

the pauses to look up at the night sky and determines
from the stars that it's time for a meeting she planned with
he excuses herself and departs.

The Red Book of Westmarch

This large book, bound in tooled red leather, is a hand-
written account of the Sabbat, written by Robertof Westmarch,

Lady Intisar

Ventrue antieribu. It describes his own rebellion against his
dle, gives an account of his Creation Rites, and provides
descriptions of Jyhads he has fought in and impressions of the
Camarilla and vampires in general. Robert has little respect for
the elders, deviates from his original points into diatribes
against the Camarilla, and occasionally does not finish stories;
but the historical information is credible in regard to The

Players Guide to the Sabbat, albeit with a strong Sabbatslant

Campaigns for Marseilles, Bremen, Krakow, Lisbon and Cardiff
are described in florid language, extolling the Sabbatas Crusad-
ers, while the current retreat to Sweden is written with an eye

toward viewing the Sabbat as wolves lying in wait.

Master Frazier's Chamber

Master Frazier has performed espionage for many
cliques, and those characters who move in lower-nobility
circles (barons, counts) or merchant guilds may recognize

him. He also has an excellent memory and may recognize a

character from a prior encounter, even if the character
doesn't remember him (in case there are no Ventrue or the
Storyteller does not like a particular clan harrowing).
Master Frazier invites the Ventrue character or his
remembered acquaintance out fora little falconry. He carries
a hooded, white goshawk, while a ghoul servant follows with

asecond hooded peregrine. If the character does not have the
Falconry Skill, he can make an attempt to work with his bird
by rolling Manipulation + Animal Ken (difficulty 9; three
successes for the bird to launch and three for return). If the
characteris female and having difficulty with her bird, Frazier
will make a polite venture of taking her arm to demonstrate

the proper launch, flirting in courtly fashion,

Talk falls into the current state of Europe, how things
are moving along in trade, and into the character's own
current affairs. Frazier's opinions on politics are strongly but
nely voiced, especially in the presence of a lady,

never profé

Act Two: The Black Monastery


After some time of this, he invites

and he jokes frequent!
the character to his chambers for a glass.

Frazier's chambers are elegantly spartan, hung with a
number of tapestries. As he pours out the blood, he remarks, "If

one is going to be brilliant, like any fine jewel, one needs the
proper setting," If asked why is he here, he replies, "One must
answer the call to duty, my friend. The Sabbat had a need, and

Loffered to fill it. Having walked on both sides of the fence, I have

found | would rather be on this side, but with one eye toward
scribes his involvement with

hopping over if need be." He di

events as being primarily business acumen — he wished to find

out what the Sabbat elders were planning to do, not so much
conceming the Beast, bur how were they going to conduct
business afterward. "I found there to be a frightful lack of
discussion of honor. Rabble like thar Scarlet Pumpemickle,
Julian Sanders, are apparently quite content to run roughshod

ind. While

Ican respect their wish for freedom, this does not and should not

across the terrain withouta thought for order of any

preclude the need for someone with a head on their shoulders."

If someone chooses to indicate Lord Alexandre at this
point, Frazier's reaction is not complimentary. He rails at
Alexandre as a blue-blooded hypocrite who hasn't the first
idea of nobility and who only respects Machiavellian power.
"Someone should take the time to inform him, if he ever lets
down his nose from the clouds, that this world is not his

chessboard. He has his own honor, but donot wanthis kind."

He will be unlikely, if at all, to ask the character
questions about conversion to the Sabbat. If the character
brings it up, Frazier is noncommittal, saying the current
options do not favor conversion. "However, I am not
opposed toa clearly thought-out decision of such a personal
nature, and while the rest of the clan might consider it a
blasphemy on my part, I would heartily support any such
decision on your part."

A Taste of Blood

Lord Alexandre will gravitate toward a character of
noble blood if there are no Lasombra in the party, or may
settle for one who has the hallmarks of nobility but no
a location where they can

pedigree. Alexandre choos
have any length of uninterrupted time. This may be in his

chambers or in one of the less-traveled halls.

Alexandre engages the character in conversation on
current politics, or perhaps a game of chess, and things seem
to be going smoothly. At some point, he begins to draw the
character into a discussion of the enclave. At what would
seem a strange place in the conversation to do so, he holds

out his hand and asks, "Your hand, milady, if 1 may?" If the

character places her hand in his, Alexandre kisses the ba
and palm, places another kiss on the wrist...and bites so
quickly that the character has no time to pull away. He
drinks about one swallow's worth

Blood and Fire


If the character is frightened or reacts badly, he closes
the wound and apologizes with a half-concealed look of
disappointment. Ifshe is fascinated or otherwise unrepulsed,
Alexandre cradles her bleeding wrist, watching the blood
bead up like rubies, and murmurs, "Pardon my forwardness,
milady. You seem so very at ease that I find myself forgetting
that you are not one of us."

He closes the wound, and offers his own wrist with, "If
youlike..." If the character refuses, Alexandre simply nods
andanswers, "As you will," but will ask why. Ifthe character
bites, he reacts with subtle pleasure, an indrawn hiss of
breath and closed eyes, but nothing more overt. The blood
stings the tongue a little, and the character can taste
something like different spices running through it, little
darts and hints of flavor. If the character notices this or
reacts with pleasure to the taste, Alexandre replies, "That is
thetaste of the Vaulderie, my dear. The blood of my brothers
and sisters runs through me as surely as my own courses
through them. Exciting, is it not? Imagine it, if you can
Bound to your own coterie as surely as if you were family, yet
without the slavery of chance or Blood Bond. No child may
choose her parents or siblings, yet they are family by mere
dint of blood. We are family both by blood and by choice.
NoRegnant, no Thrall, no masters and slaves. Only a loyal
band of brothers and sisters who will stand by you until the
Gehenna itself ends. Would you like that?"

Should the character become nervous about where the
discussion is heading ot wish to leave, Alexandre will catch
her arm for a moment. "Do think on it," he whispers, and
releases her. She may leave without hindrance

Ifthe character is Blood Bound, Alexandre will taste it
inher blood. He looks up, eyes bright in the low-lit chamber,
mild interest in his face. "Youare Bound, my dear. [can taste
it. May I ask to whom?"

Any struggle by the character to give a name or to
indicate her true feelings about the Bond (she needs to
spenda Willpower point to force herself through the Bond)
will see Alexandre grow grim, his eyes dark with rage. His
voice is soft as he brushes her cheek. "Oh, my poor childe,
what have they done to you? Such monsters... The Vincu-
lumis too sacred to be used as a shackle of the spirit." As his
hand comes away, he clenches his fist tightly, perhaps
drawing blood from his palm.

If the Bond was made willingly, Alexandre will not
believe it, and the character may need to do some hard
persuading to convince him otherwise. After listening, he
replies, "If it was truly made willingly, then what person
would willingly shackle herself to someone who is left free
tohold the chains? That is the hound putting himself on a
leash, and my dear, you are no mere animal."

If the character is willing or interested, Alexandre will
continue for some time to describe pack bonds, using the
character as an example of how things are not done in the
Sabbat. This may potentially spin off into further roleplaying,

so the Storyteller should consider how she wishes to handle
this. She may hand Alexandre off to a troupe player, have
Alexandre arrange for asecond meeting (a one-on-oneplayer
session) or simply cut things off for now. A clock chimes, and
Alexandre becomes aware of the time. "Forgive me, but there
are matters I must see to before the end of the night. Think
on what I have said. Perhaps we shall meet again?"

A character who insists on following and continuing
will be dismissed with a polite but firm, "No, my sister, not
now. I insist that you first give what I have said some
thought. There will be time for questions later."

Asa sidenote: If the character is Bound to another
member of the party, Alexandre will make the Regnant's
life...unpleasant, fora while. He may use his Obtenebration
to sneak up on the offender and verbally harangue him as a
"slavedriver" and "the one who would be Beast." He may
demand the circumstances behind the Bond and threaten
that pethaps he should see how life is on the leash.

Where Do Angels Come From?

Lady Melisande makes friends with a Toreador charac-
ter or one who attracts her attention through physical
beauty, sparkling conversation or courtly manners. She
suggests they retire to her chambers for private conversation
(Master Frazier and Lord Alexandre are at it again about
honor down in the main chamber)

Herchambersare quite luxurious forthesurroundings, hung
in ich burgundy velvets with fine wood furniture. She offersblood
in glass goblets and proposes a toast: "To Love and Beauty!"

Melisande's early conversation revolves around the
courts of England and France, current arts (opera is her
favorite subject) or gossip on the elders, Melisande is a
skilled courtier, versed in etiquette and the nuances of
reading body language. She offers very few clues concerning
herself, well aware that a snap of a fan at a certain crucial

moment or an ill-timed smile may mean the difference

Desire and Vampires

For vampires, the taste of blood and the Kiss
replace desire as humans know it. Thus, a male vampire
might choose to drink from another male vampire
without connotations of homosexuality. The ecstasy is
inthe Kiss and taste, giving pleasure to both vessel and
drinker. Forthe Sabbat, drinking from each otherisseen
as strengtheningthe ties beeen each other. The result
isabond like that ofsiblings orlovers, but even stronger.

Scenes such as Lord Alexandte's or Melisande's
that hinge so highly on this blood-drinking or courtly
flirting do notrequire the player characters involved to
be of the opposite sex. Things can be just as highly
charged (even more so) with same-sex characters,

Act Two: The Black Monastery

between success and disaster. On the other hand, she
watches the other character's body language like a hawk.
The character who is her guest should take care to describe
what she is doing while talking, such as rustling a fan,
fingering a handkerchief or making facial expressions.

Melisande then moves the conversation into talk about
pleasure and hedonism. Where does pleasure cross the line into
hedonism, ifat all? What constitutes pleasure, and what deter-
mines when pleasure is no longer so pleasurable? Melisande is a
firmadherentof the belief that without pleasure, life is worthless.
Likewise, she believes that nothing is inherently evil, only
perceived as such. Because of this, no form of pleasure is
inherently evil, and that includes feeding on mortals or flexing
one's vampiric powers on mortals. She will have little time for
one who argues otherwise, callingher the Baroque equivalent of
square." One who does agree with her will have a jolly time of
it, as she asks the character what sorts of pleasures she indulges
in. Her pet delights are angels, opera and how to combine the
two. The castrati are a favorite point of reference for both.

Atvvarious points during the talk, Melisande offers differ-
entdiversions/pleasures for the character tosample, such asart,
music (she has four instruments —lute, harp, harpsichord and
viol), physical beauty (she calls in four ghouls of both sexes, all
strikingly beautiful), the Kiss (the character may select the
ghoul), pain (self-inflicted, given to a ghoul or inflicted by
another), poetry (Shakespeare, Donne, Jonson) or something
more cerebral. As the discussion progresses, Melisande's tastes
start to run little to the dark side, including what in modern
times would be called Gothic and sadomasochistic.

Atsome point, Vadislava enters, carrying a small sack.
She presents it to Melisande, claiming that she found it
while hunting. Melisande seems delighted with the gift,
which seems to be an unremarkable sack with nothing in it,
and invites the character to share her joy.

The Tzimisce wishes good fortune and leaves. As she
departs, Vadislava turns just enough to catch the character's
eye. She smiles lightly, and her expression isaskin-crawling,
"Now you're going to get it."

As the door closes, a muffled catlike noise rises from the
bag. Melisande quickly opens the sack and begins to murmur
platitudes like, "Ie's all right, darling. What a precious little
love!" Slowly a blond head emerges, and a little girl of about
six years looks up with dazed blue eyes. She is very pretty, with
acherubic face. Melisande picks her up and begins to comfort
her, occasionally feeding her sweets and cooing to her. The
litele girl does not answer questions at first, apparently too
stunned by the change in surroundings. After a few minutes,
the ice partially thaws, and she begins to cry that she wants
her mama. Melisande merely answers, "But, darling, your
mama's in heaven now. She went to be an angel."

Abruptly, she tums to the character and says, "Now who
does this precious one remind you of? Isn't she a perfect little
angel?" If the character voices any objections or demands to
know what Melisande plans to do with the child, she replies,

Blood and Fire

"Oh, stopit! All] want todoisloveher. Isthereanythingwrong
with that? Whatdoesonedo when you'reallalone up here with
no one to love?" She begins caressing the child's hair, and her
expression seems to grow more thoughtful, as if seeing some-
thing beyond normal sight.

Melisande sits down on the couch with the child, reiterates
that her mother is now an angel and begins to ask her what she
knows about angels. The answers are typically childish, such as
angelsbeingpeoplewho livein Heaven whowearlongwhiterobes
and the like. The little girl begins to cuddle closer to Melisande,
despite her shivering, her thumb slipping into her mouth. She is
not atease, butseems tobe merely accepting the situation. Asthe
child talks, Melisande's gaze seems to travel even farther

Ifthecharacterattempts towrestthechild from Melisande,
the vampire will pull away from her and summon ghouls to
"bounce" the offender. As the character is dragged away, she
shrieks, "She is my angel! Find your own, spiteful wretch!"

Ifthe character does not intervene or becomes interested
intheexchange, Melisande invites her tojoin the conversation
by asking, "What do you think the angels say?" or some such. |

When she is satisfied with the child's answers about
angels, Melisande kisses her curls and whispers, "Would you
like to be an angel?"

The little gitl nods silently. Melisande slowly strips the
child to her shift, whispering that since angels only wear long
white gowns (thellttle gi's very words) then she won'tneedher
stockings, her shoes, her pinafore. Each article of clothing i
thrown into the fireplace. Thisdone, she cuddles the child close,
singing sweetly about flyingaway to Heaven. As the song winds
down, she begins to trail kisses down the child' face, ending at
the throat, where she bitesand drinks. The child whimpers with
pain, but Melisande rocks her throughout the drinking.

As the last blood leaves the child's body, Melisande
whispers, "Now fly away." As if her soul is released at that
moment, the little gitl goes limp in Melisande's arms.

Melisande looks up at the character with a smile. "All
should create something to give to this world. [create angels"

Many a Quaint and Curious Volume...

One or more characters is bound to go looking for the
library in the hopes of speeding things along or under
pretext of finding information. In this warren of corridors
and unmarked doorways, such a search could take a while,
not to mention giving the character a view of various
chambers. Optionally, the Storyteller might have him
glimpse one or two encounters between the party and
various enclave residents.

Atlast, the character comes upon a set of large double
doors, with the words "IIluminatus Veritas Domine" in the
center of each. After a mighty tug on the brass ring handles,
the doors creak open.

The library isa jumble of large, illuminated books, folios
of print works, scrollsand various scribbled notes. Large, wax-
hung candelabras adorn shadowy comers, and a number of

ald copying desks line the walls. The massive shelves are
mostly empty, except at eye-level and waist-level. The smells
ofdust, parchment and ink permeate the air.

A pool of dim light glows over one comer of the
mounds of books jumbled on the table. An investigation
findsLord Mendel behind one of the old copying desks, with
an illuminated book in front of him (sharp eyes will notice
thename Meridie de Chancie), several candles hovering in
theair around him like fireflies, and doing his best not to be
noticed. Realizing he has been "caught," he sizes up the
character. "Who let you in here? I don't remember seeing
you around here before." (Remember, Mendel did not meet
thecharacters when they arrived. The Storyteller may wish
tocobble a quick previous introduction for him if she wants
him to dive straight into the harrowing.)

The character may tell Mendel that he came in with
theparty from Italy, and the man nods in remembrance and
asks the character's business in the library. The character
can also try to lie about his Sabbat status, a fact that can be
tested by tasting the character's blood (See "A Taste of
Blood" for results). Lying puts Mendel on his guard and
makes him far less likely to talk with the character

If the character asks about Giovanni coming in with
rolls, Mendel looks puzzled, thinks back, and says that he
hasnotseen him. However, Mendel does recall coming into

the library a few hours after sunset and finding the books and

other materials disarranged.

In truth, Mendel honestly can'tremember. He speculates
that perhaps someone was looking for something, although
he's uncertain who. A character who attempts to extract
information via force or rudeness will be Dominated and sent
on his way, waking up after he's returned to the main hall.

In spite of being unable to recall the information the
character wants, Mendel will be helpful if the character
expresses a genuine interest in books and learning. The
character may ask questions about Giovanni'sscrolls ifhe has
something to go on, such as the Chaldean language or the
like, Mendel shuffles the books here and there, apparently
having his own system of classifying. He has two books on the
subject, both of which are largely unreadable: The first is
written in Latin, primarily describing the Chaldean astrolo-

gers; the second is an historical treatise written in Persian.

Ifasked about the Giovanni clan or the Cappadocians,
Mendel will present a large tome that recounts informa-
tion about the Cappadocians (some of it patently untrue)
and the Maelstrom Scene in Act Three of The Last
Supper. (If the characters are in a continuing chronicle,
describe the scene as it played out for them; if not, use
whichever option appeals to you.) A character with expe-
rience in printing may determine that the ink is fairly new,
so the account was given recently. Mendel goes on to

describe his conversation with his source, but with few
specifics, the most notable being that his informant was a
lovely young woman he encountered in Nuremberg. He

Act Two: The Black Mon:


desctibes a red-haired woman in her early 20s with brown
eyes. The book in front of him with Meridie's name isa sort
of Who's Who among Kindred women.

Unable to help further, the librarian suggests reading material:
pethaps one of Mr. Shakespeare's plays, or some of Mr. Donne's
wondrous poetry, or even something by Lady Gemma Vachon, a
delightful new vampire poetess he recently discovered. He will
studiously dodge questionsabout why he is at work at the enclave,
except to say that he was requested to come by Master Frazier by
dint of his scholarship. If the character starts to demand for
answers, Mendel goes back to his work and lets that be the end of
that. Ifthe character takes his suggested reading, Mendel asks that
thecharactercome back witha review ofit, and goes back to work.

If the character attempts to pull rank or Camarilla status
or (realizing Mendel is Tremere) threatens to tell the elders in
Vienna, Mendel collects the candles floating around him into
a glowing cluster and mutters softly. Suddenly the character is
aware of heat licking at the hems of his garments, and his skin
begins tostingasifbumning. Ifhe looksdown forthe heatsource,
he sees nothing. Mendel's eyes reflect the candle-glow eerily as
he snaps, "That, whelp, is why you should not go to the elders.
I could incinerate you if I choose, and I may very well choose
to. Should I consider it?" By now, the heat is intense, and the
hems of his clothes are smoldering, giving the character a very
interesting look at how a garment burns without flames to
hamper his view. He'll rake aggravated damage if he continues
to balk (treat as normal fire damage). Any other characters
attempting to aid their companion get similar treatment.

When the character, now hopefully chastened, apologizes,
Mendel claps his hands with a verbal command. The heat
vanishes, andthe characteris left with any damage, plustheneed
to change clothes. Mendel retums to his studies with a grumbled,
"Take care, then, howyoudemandof your betters. Pity—youhad
promise," andignoresthecharacteruntilshe leaves. The character
is unlikely to getany further unless he makes some atonement,
suchas treating Mendel asan elder, taking hissuggested readings
or acknowledging him as the greater magician.

If the character is respectful and polite from the begin-
ning, treating Mendel as a clanmate (if Tremere) or elder, he
willwarm tothe characterand invitehim toretur fordiscourse
afterhe has finished his work. (For the discourse/harrowing, go

to "The Raven.")
The Rayen

Mendel is pleased to see the character return and asks how
he liked the reading. He gladly leaves his book aside for the
moment to discuss literary matters. He'sactually rather garrulous
when he has someone worth talking to, and suggests they walk
about. He eventually steers them toa window or some outdoorarea.

On the matter of his betrayal of the Tremere, Mendel
sighs and shrugs. "What would you have done? ] was but inches
from the final drink that would have enslaved me to the
Council forever. The Sabbat offered me a choice for the first
time in my unlife—even my Embrace was decided for me. lask
you, what would you have done?"

Blood and Fire

Helistens to the character'sangument, butpokesholesin such
things as unquestioning obedience. "Would you destroy youre
theyasked? Thatis what they want, my friend." Healso bringsuphis
studies of new rituals, citing Preserve Blood and Power of the
Invisible Flames. "There are things they forbid you to learn. Can't
you guess why? To keep you weak, dependent on them for the
golden showers of knowledge. Here, we are free to pursue ourovn
studies, without the elders forever looking over our shoulders"
Mendelfindsoutthroughcareful,leadingquestionswhatthe
character most dislikes about her clan and being Tremere, and
proceeds to salt that wound, eventually coming to, "It is NOT
done that way among us." The lure should be getting out from
under whatever irritations the character has in her present life.

As the conversation winds down, a raven abruptly lands
nearbyandpreenshisjetplumage. Mendel glancesatthecharacter
and smiles. "The harbinger of death, it is said. Perhaps, new lie
instead?" He rises and departs, leaving the character to digest this

The Bold Marauder

Julian picks the Brujah or any obviously action-ot-
ented character for his morsel. He finds this character and
taps him on the shoulder, whispering, "I can see you're as
bored with all this as I am. Do you want some real excite-
ment? Then let's getout of here!" He wears hunting gearand
carties a brace of pistols in his belt. He also slings a number
of bags around his neck. Something chimes, and one falls
partially open to reveal several metal spikes. He also carries
a wicked-looking spear, similar to what is used in boar
hunting. He brushes aside the character's questions, saying,
"You'll learn soon enough. If you ask too many questions,
adventure loses its bite, which is danger." This done, he
leads the character out of the monastery on foot.

The night is filled with sounds ofall kinds: insects, birds
andthe murmurings of wind through the pine boughs. Ifasked
what sort of prey he's after, Julian smiles, "Only the most
worthy." Human? "Oh, please! I have better in mind!" Boat?
"Only savagery." Bear? "Good, but better than that." He
keeps the guessing going until the character guesses — Wolf?
"Ab, a man after my own heart. Yes, wolf, and only the best
wolf, because if one's going to hunt, one must hunt something
that will hunt you in return. That improves the chase."

Ifthe character brings up the Fox Huntscene, Julian ignores,
the questions deliberately, finally snapping, "He was snooping
around the second entrance! He deserved what he got!"

Bynow, the charactershould have some suspicionsabout |
where they're going and what they're hunting. If he says the
magic word, Lupine?," Julian crows with delight. "Well, youre
not as thick as [ was starting to think! As I said, only the best."

Ifthecharacter objects, Julian becomespetulant."Youmay
have brains, but you lack spine. You've been taught to hunt
nothingbut weaklings. That provesonly how much stronger you
are, and thatprovesnothing. Isthis what thatprecious Camarilla
and Masquerade has done for you— turned you into a coward
afraid of yourselfand your own strength? know how strong am,
and I prove it time and again against equally worthy foes."


Ifthe character continues to object on the grounds that
they prove nothing by getting killed or similar, Julian loses
patience quickly. "You're nothing but one of those willy-nilly
philosophers like ‘Lady' Meridie. Well, then, let's see how
well your philosophy serves you outside the hall." He throws
tackhis head and issues an almost perfect-sounding wolf call.
Afer a few minutes, three answering calls reply. He turns
tack tothe character, mocking. "Now then, the rulesare this
The Li
when they arrive, you won't be for much longer afterward
They've been looking for a target ever since they knew we

upines know that someone is here. If you're still here

were here. I led you from the monastery. Were you payi
attention? And lastly —" he leans in close to give the charac-

tera sharklike smile— "since you've been such a poor sport,

Ithink I should like to find out what you're made of."

The howls are closer now, perhaps secking an answer
Julian replies and whispers, "If1 were you, Pdstartrunningnow."

He abruptly vanishes into the night with shocking
Celerity. The character can try to return to the monastery
asquickly as he can without running into either foc; can
attempt to turn the tables by hunting Julian; or can stay put
and wait for the Lupines, who will not be pleased to see him
vhen they show up. No amount of persuasion will convince
them that it was not the character making the wolf how!

The character who turns and hunts Julian finds that the
‘old highwayman" is clever, but too cocky. Certain of the

inferiority ofhis partner, Julian leaves cluesstrewn hitherand
yon, such as broken plants, the ribbon from his hair hanging
ona branch, or evena few drops of blood (Make a Perception

+ Tracking or Investigation roll, difficulty 8). Julian accepts

being caught with good grace and thanks the player for an
enjoyable hunt. He drops the all-important question as,
"Wouldn't it be great if we could do this every night? Oh, I
forgot — you're one of them. Never mind." If the chai

acter
manages to get back to the monastery before dawn, Julian
carries only grudging respect, if that, for him. He considers

him the 17th century equivalent of "wimp."

If the character does not object toa Lupine hunt, Julian
leads him out for the time of his unlife. During the interim
while waiting forthe wolves toshow, hesays,"You know what

everyone's doing, with the Paths and all. I've been thinking

what if there was a Path that more or less gave the Beast
what it wanted? You let it out to play by doing risky things to
keep itsated. The others talk about finding proof, philosophy
and all that, but you and I know that it doesn't take that to

prove the worth of something. What do you think?"

The actual Lupine hunt can be glossed over as having little
luck, or the two can find a Lupine worth taking down. Said
werewolf can be as weak or tough as the Storyteller wishes. Julian
isarmed with silverspikes, asilver-headed spear, andhisown teeth
and claws. He could probably take down this Lupine on his own,
if he didn't mind losing some valuable body parts in the process

Act Two: The Black Monastery


An Evil Below

Intisar tends to keep to herself, although she seems
amiable enough with Melisande. If there is no Setite in the
party, she will have little or no interest in the group.

If one of the characters is a Setite, Intisar will question
him relating to his beliefs in corruption, how much he believes
in Set, etc. Typical Setite reasoning and proselytizing evoke
little interest, indeed almost disappointment, from. Intisar.
When asked why she is here, she replies, "They needed me for

a perspective on evil, having none of their own."

She speaks of the Setites as evil, but more in the third

person, almost as ifshe isnotone of them herself. She refuses
to answer questions about herself. After a largely unsatisfy-
ing conversation, she excuses herself,

A character wanting to talk with her further will not get
much out of her. She seems bent on keeping to herself and
travels swiftly down to the lower reaches of the monastery.

The lower chambersare cold stone and seeminglyalive
with all manner of strange sounds. One is currently in use,
the door slightly ajar, and as the character passes, he sees
Vadislava busily working at her art — she is tattooing a
ghoul who is almost completely covered with body art
Whatever she's doing looks painful; the ghoul is gripping a
pole and biting down on a stick until he nearly breaks it
Sh
even humming a little as she pauses to consider it like an
artist holding up his thumb for perspective. Unless the
character knocks, she will be unaware of his presence, and
ems oblivious to all around her.

on the other hand, seems quite serene with her work,

Blood and Fire

Thesecondchamberisdim, almostdark, butenough light
creeps from under the doot for the character to know that itis
in use. This is Lord Mendel's ritual chamber. The floor is
covered with a myriad of mystic circles and arcane symbols. It

smells strange in here, like something burned (Heightened
Senses picks out more definitive odors — herbs, some incense
and wood). There are a couple of charred-looking spots on the
floor, and half-melted candles form part of one warding circle
Otherwise, the chamber is barren, not even a table or chair,

the character approaches the third chamber, he hears
whisperings and the occasional soft cry. Light, much brighter this
time, streams out from beneath the door, which has been shut. A
Wits + Security roll will determine ifitis locked (itisn't, but the door
will notbudge;ithasbeen bolted shut from the inside). However it
isoneofthemassive,oldkey-locks, which hasa largekeyholetopeer
through. The character looking in will see the following,
Intisaris tracing pattems on the floor, murmuring wordsin
a strange language that does nor sound like anything familiar (2
character who lived in ancient Egypt will recognize it as spoken
Egyptian, a chant to Osiris). She traces in the air with a wandof

incense and a golden rod topped with the symbol of a disk
between two horns (roll Intelligence + Occult — it's the symbol
of Isis). By shifting position, the character can see a small altar
decorated with the figure of an Egyptian woman (if the person
made the first roll, no need for one to identify the figure of Isis)
Beside Isis sits a strange, lithe figure with green skin; folded,
spiny wings; and a tall white headdress (Intelligence +
Occult, difficulty 8 — it might be the figure of Osiris, but you
know he doesn't have wings; something's not right here)


Her ritual done, Intisar bows before the altar and begins
to whisper again. Within a few minutes, the light in the
chamber dims subtly. The character should roll Perception +
Alertness here. If he succeeds at least once, he is suddenly
flled with unease. More successes, and the unease increases
tndread, even the sense that something ust brushed pasthim.
IFhe fails, he feels nothing. If he botches, nothing
happens...yet

Avoice that conjures images of dustand darkness seeps
around the stones. The altar seems peculiarly shrouded. If
the character scored particularly well on his Perception +
Alertness roll, he is struck by the note of pure evil in the
voice. "Faithful one, what say you?" the voice intones.

"Much news, exalted one," she replies, her face still
downcast. She begins to describe the recent events, suggest-
ing that perhaps the characters so newly arrived might be
vorth his while to explore as avatars. She mentions the
listening character in particular.

Now would be a good time to recognize two things:
One, Intisar is apparently involved in demonic worship of
some kind. Two, the others would probably appreciate
hearing that they've been earmarked for sacrifice. If the
character chooses to stay, he will hear the voice whisper its
approval and say that the Falcon will feast on the Serpent
‘oon, thanks to its faithful one. It merely needs a suitable
body to serve as host for the avatar that will fil it. If the
character botched the earlier Perception roll, the creature,
abruptly pauses and there is a gathering sensation of rage.
Suddenly it hisses, "Beware the ears that heat too much!"

If the character attempts to leave and botched his
earlier roll, he hears the same message. Intisar sits up, and
her Serpent's Eyes seems to pierce straight through the
leyhole to the character. If he makes eye contact with her,
hewill need to make a Willpower roll to resist and get away.

The character who made all of his earlier rolls or
nerely failed can make a Dexterity + Stealth roll to sneak
avay without notice. Success means a clean, but nerve-
wacking getaway. A failure means Intisar lifts her head
dightly, apparently suspicious, but nothing further occurs;
make another roll to see if the character can finish his
«scape. A botch is bad news —an unfortunately timed noise
ortripping over one's hem right when itis least convenient.

IfIntisar catches him, she fights with a dagger and her
darting Serpent's Tongue, which causes aggravated damage.
The noise will certainly attract the attention of Vadislava,
who breaks up the fight and demands the character's story
andquickly. Since Intisar did not have time to put away her
toys, Vadislava becomes suspicious and "suggests" that they
allgo visit Lord Alexandre and Lady Meridie.

Ifthe character gets away without incident, he can go to
Vadislava in the next chamber with the news. She is unim-
pesed with the story unless the character can relate some
gpcifics, such as the altar. She follows the character to see for
herself and does her own peep through the lock. Suddenly she
tumsandstalks silently down the hall, eyessmoldering with rage.

The character who decides to confront Intisar later
may want to have ammunition for that fight. Ifhe stands up
and starts railing at her, everyone's going to look
he's crazy, Intisar will put on her best "injured-innocence"
look, and nothing will happen. If he attempts to confront
alone in a hall, she Dominates him into forgetting

Intis:
the event occurred. If he speaks privately with another
elder, suchas Meridie, Frazier or Haakon, and provides proof
(taking them to the chamber isan excellent idea), that elder
will accuse Intisar. The Sabbat demand the right to interro-
gate and punish her, which is granted by Master Frazier and
Lady Meridie with little further discussion.

nt at Intisar's

The characters are allowed to be pr
torture. This should be brutal, with Vadislava using her
Vicissitude and Alexandre displaying his intimate knowl-

The Path of Evil Revelations
for Storytellers

As The Players Guide to the Sabbat warns,
player characters should not follow this Path, and
for good reason. To do so is to accept a lopsided
bargain of temporary power until death, where-
upon a monstrous evil will devour both body and
soul. Both Camarilla and Sabbat loathe
Infernalists, though for different reasons, The
Camarilla views Infermalism as a completely self-
ish act that threatens the lives and sanity of all
around them, while the Sabbar sees it as the
surrender of the freedom they prize above alll else.
One of the few times they would agree on some-
thing is to snuff this scourge out of existence. On
a Storyteller level, Infernalists throw the game off
balance and make life unpleasant for everyone.

If there are no Setites, Intisar's evil may be
revealed alternatively. The presence ofa demonic
entity would unnerve the "sensitives" among the
group who yenture toward the cellars, Theron has
been raving about "rats in the walls," but the
others believe this is madness wrapped in fear.
Other Strange omens may be used to raise suspi-
cions about something strange invading their
sanctuary, such as strange cries or shadows that
moye alone (and are not products of
Obtenebration). A subsequent search of themon-
astery and chambers reveals the lower hall where
Intisar has been holding her rites, followed by her
punishment, described above.

Act Two: The Black Monastery

edge of pain. The Storyteller is encouraged to go whole
hog, but remember that such scenes may cause Humanity
loss for some Camarilla characters. Intisar is compelled to
give her reasons for following the Path: As a priestess of Isis
Embraced by her very enemies, she sought Infernal assis-
tance in a misguided attempt to corrupt the Setites even
further from within in revenge. While such a response
might garner a little sympathy, the fact remains that she
committed a crime and must be punished. After some
debate (which the characters may contribute to), it is
decided that she'll watch the sunrise from a nearby
mountaintop, although a few Sabbat seem a little disap-
pointed that she won't be a Blood Feast.

Riddles Wrapped in
Enigmas

Theron will most amuse himself with his Camarilla
kin, but any character who does not seem to fit in or fill any
obvious molds in the group dynamics will do. The method
to Theron's madness is chilling lucidity wrapped in the
trappings of starkest insanity. His habits of changing cos-
tume and mannerat the drop ofa hatare all means to an end
— his end, which only he understands.

He begins his night's work by learning his prey's
Derangement, if she has one, through Eyes of Chaos
(Dementation Level 3), something he will most likely do
on the first night of the players' arrival. Then he sets
about doing whatever is necessary to provoke that De-
rangement to its fullest passion. He hasa lot of time, a lot
of props anda very cunning mind. In the end, he will have
something to show for his efforts.

If the character manages to maintain some level of
sanity despite Theron's efforts, he begins deriding her as
a coward taught to be good by the establishment. Mad-
ness wants to be free! If the character fights back by
trying to provoke Theron's Derangement, he reacts freak-
ishly, with bizarre tics and rapid, low-pitched chatter,
muttering abour Gehenna and the Antediluvians. He
throws in bits from the Book of Nod's "Chronicle of
Secrets": whatever it takes to get the character's atten-
tion. When this is done, he mutters, "What are you going
to do when the night comes? And it will come. What will
you do? Where will your Camarilla be then?"

No matter how the character answers, Theron replies,
"You don't understand." Depending on the character's
Nature and reactions, Theron tailors his speech accordingly
and plays up voice and mood to wring the most from the
moment, Eventually he says, "Do you want to understand?
Then come with me." If the character says no, he says, "Do
you remember how it felt to let your madness have its way
with you? That is what the Beast does to me, what it does to
us who have been taught to be afraid of it. I can show you
how never to be afraid of it again. Would you like that?"

Blood and Fire

Ifthe character said yes to Theron's original question,
he starts to lead her through the monastery, headed for the
outside. He's on his way to taking her for Creation Rites.
Before he can get all the way out the door, he and the
character are intercepted, either by Lady Meridie or by one
of the character's coterie. When asked where he's going
Theron says he's just walking with his new friend. Meridie
puts a halt to the activity and reminds Theron that the
Sabbat is about freedom. The character must choose freely
if she wants to go. The character will probably be a litle
dazed and certainly not know where she's going. If the
character's party member attempts to stop Theron, he
befuddles the offender with Confusion (Dementation 4)
This failing, he will release the character with a pout.

If he manages to bypass everyone, Theron takes the
character toa graveyard for Creation Rites. The Storyteller
may want to throw obstacles in Theron's path to stall fora
rescue. Two potential helpers might be the characters who
left with Haakon and Julian; one might return in time tosee
his coterie member being led away.

Night of the Hunter

Haakon approaches the Gangrel character or any who
show an interest in nature by clapping him on the shoulder
without fanfare and saying, "Come. Let us go outside and
leave this fancy talk for the weak."

Outside the outer walls, he pauses to breathe deeply of
the night air. "Ah, now that is perfume, my brother. The
smells of earth and pine and the tang of animals. I pity those
who have never experienced it, for truly they walk among
the dead. Just because we have surrendered to the darkness
does not mean that the world has died around us. But now,
we are free from the endless talk. Let's use it well."

He starts running, and the character will need to make
a Stamina + Athletics roll or employ Celerity to keep up.
Haakon is unlikely to slow down for the character. He does
notstop until he reaches deep forest, where he pauses to take
long draughts of the scents around him. Around them, the
night sounds of animals echo. Haakon takes a seat undera
nearby tree and invites the character to join him.

Haakon believes that he must still be human in many
ways. He was once human; his spirit feels essentially the same
tohim. The only thing that has changed is his physical being,
and that too has been a natural thing. Though vampires must
preyon humans forblood, don'thumansdo the same thingwith
cattle? One must live, but asserting one's life does not justify
mindless slaughter. "The wolfis one such wise hunter. He does
notkill forsport —such waste feedsnothingexcept the ground,
and the earth does not care. We hunt because we need to eat
Ifonewishessport, thereare others lesshurtful." The Camarila,
Haakon continues, aren'tbad people, just very confused. Ifthey
can be reasoned with and made to see the light of pure and tue
freedom, that's wonderful. If not, well, then, maybe they jus
need to be led if they won't go willingly.


He as
character has said his pie

's the character's views and will listen until the
completely before asking his
own questions. He is interested in the character's view of his

own humanity and life and will work at understanding
exactly how the character feels. After hearing the character's
piece to his satisfaction, he will ask the character for
gestions for new sport. A tracking expedition, rock
climbing or something that will not involve killing (it's

asumed they've already fed) will earn the character bonus
points in Haakon's eyes. It should be noted that Haakon
does not track like a human, bur gets down on all fours to
sudya trail and take scent. He won'tdrop the question now,
but if the character shows himself as potential Sabbat and
sill-developing Path of Harmony material, Haakon will ask
him about it as they return back to the monastery, a simple,
"Lwould greatly enjoy your company were you to stay. You
would make a worthy brother/sister."

Lessons Learned

The Assamites in the party are Veradis' concern. She
isunlikely to be interested in others, unless they show real
Sabbat leanings from the beginning.

When the characteris leastexpectingit, havehimroll Wits
+ Alermess (difficulty 8). If he scores two or more successes, he
tecomesaware thatsomeone issneakingupon himandmay take
any appropriate action. Any lower and he remains unaware.

Suddenly, Veradis has her knife at his throat. If he
prepared for her, she nods with some satisfaction. "Good.
You've learned your lessons well." If the character did not

prepare o was unaware, she looks very displeased and digs
herbladea little more deeply. "Idiot! Youshould have heard
me coming from a mile away." Either way, she releases him.
The character can try to grab her (Dexterity + Brawl,
difficulty 7), and if he manages, she smiles. "Better. Now
lees try that first part again."

Forthenextfewhours, she pullsfurthersneak attacks like
this. Ifthe character doesn't start improving his score, Veradis
kidnaps him and drags him toa disused outbuilding, where she
eds to deliver a stem lecture concerning his obvious

fre
filures. "I did not endure the Anarch Revolt and those
posturing fools at the bargaining table to preserve dullards like
you who cannot seem to tell which end of the dog will bite!"

As one of the original Assamite antitribu, Veradis is
proud of her decision and her circle, and cannot understand
vhyherclanmate is so clueless. "They have made youa dupe,
aspineless sheep who blindly follows instead of watching out
f! Even your own leaders, once OUR leaders, forget
allthat we once stood for. Do you know what we once were?"

She pauses to describe her work on the Path of Caine
and how far she has proceeded. "The Mighty Father of us ll
longs to gather us back to His bosom, but only if we are
worthy. This is the true holy war: Caine's great brood
fighting the enemies who would deny Him. Are you worthy

toreturn? | wonder."

Act Two: The Black Monastery


Veradis will continue to berate him in this fashion
even cuffing him, unless he stands up for himself, either by
she takes

lashing back verbally or challenging her to fight.
him down, but the fight is swift and hard. If he manages to
scratch her or gain the upper hand for a moment, she is
pleased and fights all the harder, since he has shown he can
obviously handle it

Unless he shows some really brilliant moves, she takes
him down, but doesn't kill him, just scolds him and tells him to
go practice. If he shows creativity, she's impressed. "You waste
your timeand talents with them. I could find many usesforsuch
talented ones as yourself." She lets him up and suggests that
they gosomewhere more private to talk, the subjects being the
ethics of the new Path of C.
Creativity and intelligence on the char:

question, "So, when are you going to join us"

assignments and travel
art bring

rs

In Halls of Bone

Vadislava keeps to herself a great deal, seemingly relue-
tant to participate much in group discussions and absorbed in
her own work. A clanmate or the very curious may go
searching for her and eventually discover her in the ossuary,
apparently deep in contemplation of the bones of the form
monks. A character who attempts to interrupt her is ignored
for his trouble, unless he does something like
She hasan intense dislike of being touched and responds with
a withering look and a touch of searing Vicissitude on the
offending har
her newest guinea pig for a little practice with Bonecraft

her disruptions will make the offender

A character who chooses to sit quietly beside her in
+ meditation, hopingto catch herattention, is rewarded whenshe

s, Lovely, aren'tthey?Such preparations the livingm
for themselves and the dead. Do you think it matters to them?

She refers to the dead if the character asks for specifics
"Would it matter? Afterall, why should the spirit eare what
happens to the flesh after death? The spirit is no longer
bound to it. Does it matter?"

Vadislava leads the character in a discussion about lifeand
death, such as what happens to the spirit after death, whether
ghosts exist and the possibility of reincamation. Whether the
with her or not, he had better have som

character agre

arguments handy to support his statements. She listens intently,
her very silence and motionlessness an unnerving factor.

If the character brings his own history into the discu
sion, ormentions being tortured ora prisoner, she will ask him
how he survived, what did he do to stay sane, does he have
scars, etc. If his answers are suitably impressive (ice., he was
tortured, but survived by imagini
mentors), she slides off her gloves to study any scars. It may
atifully worked

I

g his revenge on his tor.

startle the character to see a number of t

tattooson her hands (much like henna patterns on womenof
India, except hers are black ink). Asked about it, she is
reluctant to bring up too much, but can be persuaded to sey
that they were the product of time spent as a mortal cap

Blood and Fire

Arayseuoyy YLT PL OM] DW

Aen aup Buoye IOUT UeD ays se FOLIO Yon se YptAL
sroqureyp urew ayp 02 eq aoeIeYD oy Busey AyenquAD
Suny 02 Aarunuioddo ue jo aSequeape aed |]! earysIpe,,
Ape zayziry say uarysty 01 (7 voneauaWiag) SU] PUI
Buysn pur UoNDas pjo ay orur sadoap saroBIeYD atp eAup
02 siowsos rep woy Surduinf ,‘asnoy paruney,, Aejd pps
woIDY | p10] "‘UoIsensiad Jo pueig UMo JY 10 sty YL Yea
«hazed Bununy,, aya uIof eavpsipe A, Apey] pue UoIY |, p10]
uoyp "yoreas ayy siduiange sarsereyp auo UREA a0 JT
-yppeq Sem Joy puy 02 Ja1DeIEYD a4 SutAvg] ‘smopeys oy ou
peg sqjauu sipera ,3,U0M NOs Jt ]]923,U0A\,,:, LoNsasTns,, &
3A19901 []}44 JOU SAOP OYA UK "ISOYD J9Y SSOIdE API] B YAN
spaq Jy Uo ‘roNUUOp san axp UT ssousNo!ssuOD UTI
T1 sipers,, aBuayfeyp o2 saproap oyai JexEIeYD Y

"guy au YUAN SurAor ‘Sapruus ays ,"Paropaxq Au YO
‘oe1mup,,"sie8uy r9y uo ayruy Surmomp e sooueyeg pur rorepaid
v ay] sopfus oYg "a[puE> sraroeeyD ax WY IBI] Jo aaND
dup o1UT smopeys aup Woy ano Surddars stpere Jo IyBrs ax Aq
poroaal s1 ays ‘sisiad sop ays Jj "preauioy o8 pur asisiad 10 4}9eq
WN Ue aIDeIEYD IY] | "Years MOIsN! shempeaqorsuBessuRp
yp ‘sasuas 10 2431] 194 waM 02 sain ays APPIN aioy JMU ON,
"yeayp soy saysnug Sunpauiog ,;199q nos aavyarayas ‘BUIOTNOK
are aroys YO, ea 29y ur Jadstyat e sreay ays ‘<quappng
-Aummudsjouonesuas uesea|dun ue ypin popresse Apuanbays ays
Saypmy sonuNUOD ays J] "BurypoU Seaver sasuag pauarystayy
pur ‘ureuno & wana 10U ‘uaas aq 01 SuRPoU S| ary ‘UonIaNp
Sq) UT 2YBI] J9Y SITY ays J[ "POPP a>] ‘we JOY Ysruq SuNYPEUOS
s[2j oRDEIeYD oY "YORDs >pep "opjo ay UE UDYMoWIOg,

‘royiadoype ayyun are saveyd Aueyy (‘sSumas jenuaiod soy
Auayseuow oy Jo onduosap ayp aag) "sep sueruNsnany ayp
Sutanpaz9m Aayp se uereds se urewrsaseyd peraaas‘ayqeuqey
wotp ayew O2 poysiquryar uaaq aavy sasond pue siapye ay
go siaqureyp aup a]!4yas pue ‘a8ie] arin st Araseuowi ay |,
"Buoye sBuryp uarsey o1 Aun 03 sioqureyp pasnstp pure s1Op!4309
auf areSiasaaut 02 aploap []!a\ eutog "spueY UMO HEY O1UT
sinew 922 0) aploap ABUL puk s|jords au pue TUURAOID,
Jo} Ypreas ay Woy 380] BuIaq SI aw YSMUD Moy anoge
ssapisox awOD9q [JM sIBIDeIeYD ay QUIOd oUIOs TV

""SMOPBYS If) UI SULIIWIOS

(c22mnog snouarshyy Y,, 01. 0D) "Aused
puosas sip yam Sunaaw ev aBuexe or dase jm ay uodn
-o1yai ‘o8uea ayqeadoooe sty our swio9 901d aup UN a10u1
Aes 10U ]]}§ 9} "‘MoReULOFUT awHES axp 10} SUrYOO] aavpoua ap
1 3w09 Ajnuadas avy sored parsoayut oppo urEWa9 IEE] —
TUURAOIO UI parsazoqUT BuO ATUO yp 10U SI JaIDeIEYD ay Tey
uonusur Aeur 90110 ay dn aAUUp o1 uOpa Ue UT ‘esnOIe YA,
urea] ued ay] Ivy 99501 Soause AjpeUy Ang ‘suIoy pu sajna
mesgJSON ayp ‘a19y aouasard STUUBACID UO LONeULOUE
240WW 40} INO spoy JaIDeIeYD ayp J] "UL ay BUIyAAIAAa 105
soroereyp op Surdwnd da sdoas pur ‘ore] jo yonuu pray 100
sey ay ‘9194 da st ay se parejos! 2eyp Surdes ‘s]]or9s yp UI pars
-roquy souiod9q AjareIpauruUT zsnaIeY THURAOI pUe s[Jor9s
ueappeyD ayp jo ansind aya pue (,payeq-ypey,, Se 310A UNO

Stpera, Surprzap aprya autes jo tpeg ayp on suonngunuod sy
Jorxo Avwr ay arya) Araiseuoul ay? 2e 310M s,zsnarepy INO
uoneunoyur padueypxa aavy deur Aayp *(Ayjnyadoy) ssw
-fsnq s,19{po ay inoge BurypAr9Ao surw9] PHIU IYA\
-sqynsor Surmoyjoy ¢p ytN dn pus pjnoys sayp ang ‘siakeyd
oma ayp 01 dn st paxsom st guads ay MOBY "s1akefd sao
YIN 10m 07 aay say Furavay ‘GAvjd sopPour o7 zsnarepy
9a18 02 Aavunazoddo poo8 v aq pjnom styp ‘sradejdadnon wpa
BuPpom s1 sa]]ax4s01g ay J] "VOREULIOJUT 10} Buyjsseq Iw
Davy 02 9944 [99] ABUL NIeI}SON aU uk zsnoreyy ‘919}{
(3489 pnoys nod sdeysag juoWstuL
ano Jo areave UaAa NOS are ANU IY 104 ;AUp I,UP|NOe
‘s1ypo 01 anpea rkeasB Jo aq P[nom ras ay Jo sBuLOp ap
Ajaang ‘siaadas a] MI] UA INO SuPUeD] ANOYAIAN aAvaq P|NEw
nos QeUP OP 02 249M [JL MON, *2A1S 02 sosNyoI Zsn9IVYAY YOY
SuuvAolg anoge UOHEUOJUT 409 zsnarePY duund o1 An og
4ew ap "dn padooo Buraq 10 rauRAcID noqe UoNeWMLOf
Joy 11m 01 Buraey noge urejdwios sew saiveTey> ay]
aiautdsar anok Suysofua
aze nos asnun | "zoI]Iea NoA 19943 02 ay JOU sem | Ie
ow aa1B10J "uampaig ‘s8uN9aI9,, ‘ayDeISMUU pure PIedd ||}
2 YIM ueUI pase-a]ppru & aq 01 Burradde ‘mo sty suop ay
‘sade 4 0001 Jo yseWY Suusvam st navaZSON JaYPO ayp yy AaNUM
-soddo asty ye n1e19jS0N s,99109 ay INO SyaaszsNare A,

PIJOAA 94 JO DEW

"TEs 2yB anoypU aoqye "eT]a2 Byp Ut LOOP.
yseo-ouIM ays re paumnboe aq Aeur sadeury sures ayy
~ysoyj st aSeunt op 2eEp YBnoUd AjUAdAL pu ‘TUTEAOI
ourSorquiy 1salins 419490 Jo UoN estas SurUaYALeAoaH
pur aouereadde ‘rapua' ‘98 "Anboy!jos 1ajtuypy ap Bune
-4vfd ouoautos jo soBeunt yar pajtesse A|uappns st ay ‘SPs
ayp Jo au uo Ypnoy dg suopod soroeeYD axp j]
«118 Jo Suoseax sag au 40) wy wed ‘Un SII
ang "sotpoug Aur ‘ureSe sxeos asoyp weg "saryDIOypuEY 204]
aiowp puryag 112 OYA sioysuoW o4p pu sUELANpEPaIU ayp
asurede2t jo dosp se] Aaaao qpids y]ta J pur ‘mou | "w03ysouw09
autULaiay an moun J, "Poojg ap Suureduios "uao ay pue wed
sty uado saysed vaeysipe, spuey sty UF zoasty U0 sty Pot,
0) pauarysiy 002 ‘premio wiry Suy]je> ‘a8ex Jo Yyse] Suisuns
ve sButg wed sayoerey> ayp uo UoIssNostp Jood 10 uONeNsNYy
{c WOY aU P]NoysNo' sdeysag "aBeruay nod moypua pal
AARY NOs Suo] 00 J "Buojaq 4jnun NOs axoya ‘uFoY NOs WMA!
1 :days yeuy yup st urewar pjnom yup |p "WIN styp Je asp)
os us9q aaey nox, ‘SuyNuN A]]eUy ‘siomsuE ay se APUATUT
ran BIeYD ay SoIpMas ays [Jaa OF suoISssNostp at pjnoyg
«mouy | AteUI HEED JaALIG Te ase NO "]]}H NOS sV,, ‘so4fdaz
pur spou ays ,pauaddey Aypeos ar aeyp jjosdur purer 0:
soy 2eaM1 J, 10 ,‘9UOp aaey | [149 au Jo au purwsas Koy,
‘ayy] Suruoseas yaa ‘Ajauyjod sasnyag Ja19eIeY> ayp J]
cH] NOK J NOK 10} asoyp asesd pynod 1, "steSuy 324,
yBnouyp steos s rox 3e1eY au sa1pmas ays se apuad ApSursudins
St} yon say JaYPorg sty pue E[NoeVIG Pe] azEM sa8ersoy
Mo}]9}19Y JOomy 9UI YOIY BuLNp ‘sOOp] Bp UT SAN] ajo


AWIY astsse 01 paa4Be | ‘TUUBAID Jo asnopy ay WOY
asnoy 1URYDIAW AU 10y SOISSATUOD UHEIIa9 10} SUEY UT
-wiy 01 sa9tatas Auw pue jasduut paruasaad | ‘asnoy wueysieut
TWURAOI ay UIP LN Sisa1a1UT UTELIa9 asuEApE OI AuMIEddo
we Bulag "uajoyp axnb wry apeut a1 pur ‘9yryme apiq or
NoneMAU!, 94 Paatooa1 001 af ‘pamo]]o} Sulaq Jjaswty pue
‘yaduiaa Jo ano AJa40s pusty sno punoy yng ‘paauze ay ‘are
Aue ay ‘sozud ureui99 10} auueu sty aBueYDxa o2 Addey auinb
alow Uep! PY Jo MIe19;SO 9Up pur ‘paataoiad se sen sty But
49409 INOge 1949]9 08 auINb JOU sem pudLy Ino Apuareddy
"jppuopy px07| UNO Ano Wo LONUUIOJUT SUPAAas ‘NOK a10}aq
aysiu v inoge paatue af "D19y som OULBOIqUIY ‘S94,

_cuonednooo zaypo puyjon paau pia J weep wraas pony, -somdoz
ay ,'spuary Aur ‘padeld yayy,, "0g OtuOMT Ue soyxeUr JOIzeL
ano puno} Aatp oy pue aot sem oUMBorquNY mou Aatp re~P
no quod srayoereyp ayp [HUN "wUTY tpIN panp e Oru axpuRXay
Supjonord Apeau Umainey ySnomp aouasouU! Sula J91ze1y
"uy joIn2] 2o10y puk WY areUTWIOG Ue arp Jo JposuURy Warp
Jpupepio eo 9p sorze1 or Aysntp ano prey st uoHENas ay

-sraqureyp sty U! punos st FY "01ze1J 10} YOO] 02 ano sjnoys
eaaas puss Aouyp pue "yt poyppaut uaag sey sprew-Buraios
jpoy8 umo 1a Jo ouo aya SuTUreay Joye AypeIsadso ‘sBuryp
op 01 dem aup 10U st sty ENP soarBe ays "sit YM a1pUaypy
Ape] 0 $908 ay pue "yaim pasadurea Sutaq s;Noys s1y Ape]
-nonued ‘squaAa 19A0 snouny A[snorago st axpuexo]y

"wry paeuruog Apusredde saizery roseyy "VeUp
YY THURACID) OUIBoIqUIY Jo UoNdudsap siaseIeYyD axp
Suquiasou ew v soquiosop jnoys axp pur ‘opty e ade} sty Woy
esse 1]9} Pooy stp "Ino pouzeys pu osioy axp uo dn 108 uew ay |
+o) palasuoo saizery Jaseyy YOyAs , QuawDAsE Notp,, INoge
Sunpowios Sukes ‘99!0a ,UBIor0y,, Joep e ya ayods of] "wry
ujof 0} 3no awed ¥eo]> >rep w Sua UU "dn popppes aq
s9s101]280q S14 Jo UO IU parapro puk Ino sured JaIzeLY IOIsEPY
oy aquosap 02 suiHaq ULM aUB ‘spaodans 19A0D21 J

SuoIm Woy IYBL Warp Y>eeI JoNIEq
aysiu spurur sia12eIeYD ax Uo Yona-pue-yURA BIeEp ap!sep
Ae oyas ‘orpuexayy 01 S908 pue Wty ULeY 01 Payn oY s19q,
auawuar ue op "yDIog AAU J] "YPeIA s,aIpuXA]Y YS! YOM
soy wa peoye o3 Aydus pue yse Ou op oy simoeYD,
yjesuty somowow Suisstus ap J9A09un Or dwone [IM 9y
‘dioas a4p1 UE sa1ouaIsTsuOSUT ag 01 Was 2204p IBY sNoIAGo
sowoag 11 UDdYA\ "JasWINY [NOYS ay UOHsnb uaad dew
24st puryog suosvas ayp anoge snotns-9q JIM aupuexayYy
ploy ‘poypeordde jy -purur sty orur Surajap a10joq jarseur
s1y Woy uorsstunad yse 01 aavy [EM Aayp "IM porodurer
usoq sey Arowour sty 2eyp radsns simoereyD oy J]

{a1 2,Usem 10.11 sea — pasnyuod say MON,
-gnoys 01 uaai8 Aypensn 20U UreBe ‘sauO JaNIaq atp Jo uO sem
ajppes aun ‘os "s[Noys ayp o1 UaAI Ajjensn JOU ‘SauO Jaq,
sip joouo yBnoypye ‘sesioy s sa!zey JoaseYA| Jo OU SEAN I] S>SIOY,
axp yo Sunn suzeas ap [NYS SorzeLg ,-Ape| AU "NOK por |
‘jnoys v asn, -poyzend Ajoumuas suraas pue peay sty sayprers
29} {(atun otp Burdptoads) Appuaar Aza amoge Wy A ,S1038
9p 10} 4419 4p O1UT ssausng UO sIuRArOs Aypensn ae Aa | "Apel

pu

ally pue pooyg

Avu Sya] avy roquinu yy, yam ase] oyp UTE A\ "saya YonU
anoy Apioads on woyp yse |],ay "ANE yoy Oya payse J] ~9yAN
Sunpjeads azojoq, uowssrunad s pio] sty aaey asnuut ay yeUP sKes
pu snoasau 228 01 swreas ay ‘SH19ads 00} arous Aoyp JE Ng ‘sUON
-sanb Jeroua8 s9asue 07 IUISUOD |]!a\ BF] "aNUNAY saxpuRXaT
PIOT YI st sojqeas aup Surdaoy jo a8reyp wt joys ay
a@yap sn oya way] {Apuasar ano jnoys &
puss nos jo due pig,, ‘pazznd Supjoo] ‘]yey wrew axp sioua
slap]? atp Jo auo ‘areshasaaut 10U pip Ja19eIeYD ayp JT

‘apisur suedap pur suum ay ey ay ,.xeas9aq
ano Jo 9u0U s1 801 94p puk ‘noys auo UeEp a1ou daay [4419
duo ueYp o10UL UT ssoutsng Cut daay J, ‘St Aydax saoizer
(casodand £490 yeyp 40} UEpLPY 02 JOY Anos
quas pey Nos poorsiapun | zsisani ano jo pate ay a10j0q asf
Yo] Olja UP seas OYM WaT ‘aIZeIy INg,, ‘pPpe AvU soIDeTeYD
Sup pM zoppp uy "ssauisng 10} raquiamnyy 02 Yo IUas ay ey
siq Jo joys e sea 2 ep saydar ay yay asnf Oya wy syse ays
JU epi zo asioy saya Jo udas aq 01 SurypAue awed 02 up
(003 st preduzno9 aya pue asey 002 BuIAOU st asioy ay. "edap
Jopul & Burppawa so1ze1y saisepy sas ays ‘oinbut 01 S908
2ysj] ‘prwaanoo ayp UT saxooy Jo.rne|> aup steay are TyBIU yO
ypeauq & 193 ano Aydws 40 s1ap]9 ayp jo auo yt no SuNgUAA
soxoereyp & ‘Avis paoiopua s19y71 OUT sIysTU Oma INOGY

SUINY OPEL AL

Ardura uo] st a1 ang YaquMEYD ayp o2 JaIeIEYD ay aye
dao ueo ayg "ueTTeT sr WeUP sIsaBZns (9 AanoysIp) [Jor Uo
-eSnsaauy + uondaoiog & pur "Jom Ayre TuDD9e ay areITUIT
vo [118 ay, "Tuadoe aBueAIs & Ys asons e pue soIzeLy LoIse,
dares 07 dn aures [113 ayp wey UOReUUOZUT ay sieU ssa29Ng
-3saq siy op 01 ayeUIWIOG] Jo PueWWIOD.IUADEp E YALA BUODLHOS
syse pur ‘aqoud 01 worsstuuiad syues8 a1puayy "pase J

JOY WEY 01 Pay oY Ja2eIeYD
ayp sem a1 Up Jaquiowiar sew oYs pur "18 oy? O2 WUEY UF
sqjnsax Aem Jaya Yorog Vy "AUT |AIosIq] wes ep Ura pre sty
J9A09 pue LOReULTOFUT oy 10} AIOWFOU §,)215 dy OU! BIp Or
adwane Aeur (¢ aeUTWOG) PUL] [NyIBJ0,] yaar JOIDeIeYD
JV ‘aIpuayy 02 sSuojaq ays shes ays ‘payse J] "sue Jo aD1A9p
20 [151s ou Ypta ‘deo arya pur ssoup onjq wre] e swam jnoys
AY] "UoIsstunad anoypIa yan posodurer aq Aeus spnoys
ou yey IIa asnoy ay purU UL seaq P]noys oy "uosiod
Jo ArouroUt 5,118 oyp Yoreas 02 soysta JOIDeIeYD OU J]

-pousrysiy 10ur u9A2 aw0d2q 01 19Y sasMeD UOISEAD a INO
Bunutog , UoUapUad,, Sues sueIs ays UDA ang ‘xyMasfe
uewa]2ua8 vor Buipuane sea ays ules ‘semi ays aayan inoge
suoneursdxe Asuinpo soyew [218 ay J "poojg urerU0d s1a]qo3
aul Te 8 ang ‘Aojode say srouueas pur sayed
ayg "en e uo s19]908 Ardwea own SuyAued prew-Butasas @ Aq
3900 UNL 9q ATEDU LAK Xadsy IMOUPLN S19] NeLYD TUULACIO)
ouroiquiy Aq pue ‘<puasas ayinb pasn uaaq aaey yioq
TYP sMOYS (VORAIDSIP s_a]]aIdIOIg ayp Ie pade|d) Avaypey,
pasn-sso] ureUaD B UL 10 4e]]99 9UIM ay puNoUe sIOpLIOD

SsIUUSIP 10} SU

Dyp UL pasn Yano, sautdg "popreaiar 9q |]!4 seare snolAgo
sso] YpIeas OM 10 ISLYD aU Ploae OYM siADEILYD,


Arsaseuoyy YOR]G Py] sow] DY

sem Sunoour step IY sorseIeYD oyp suLOFUT OY ‘zsnaIEy
(pM [Rap o1 aaey ose |[IM pue ‘oY Wo aU! OU 198
[28 9y 9y YIM snoradun saurosag 10 Jay sassard 1a12eep
ayp J[ TuuRAoID ayp jo spuey axp UI aq OU P]noys jnpamod
os Sunpdue pur Inpiamod Ara arm Aap eM? poorsiapun
ays Iya suoHaW Aypapzend ays ‘s]]o19s ay UF asoraNUL
Jol] Noe payse Udy "Poojq esp o2 se padsey> Apysn
6s ‘spuey zay Aq dquo padenag ‘snoarau 29y axeur TUUeAOI
dtp JO sUOHUAYY "It saAatjaq ays JI sayPo ayp Jo Aem au
qOUIOD OU SoyeUE Ang "GOIS ay 02 SUArST] aYg "J9Y ~pLAL
sey zoxoereyp sup ssoutsng ey

ise pure Jjasioy soonponut
ayg "Aseaun ag ]]!a4 ang ‘10Jaq se apseas OU T]LM Ys ATO
ype 02 zerpureyun are euUeHEYY pue Ja19BeYD Up J]

(,SUOISsnosiC],, 02 08) UNO sIY UO sBUIE anUTUOD HED ay 10
*(wionspoeyy atp poarains sxoyEIeYD ay SuOUTe OY yse PUE
<2dYSIU a]qUIAI IEP paatauns sn jo aoy,, ‘Aes ]]LM BULLE,
uodnaraya) siapo ayp sayaiay ay aptys sBurpaaooid ayp
uo asned e and 02 se ued royoeTEYD ay], "ype2 02 douse JpLm ays
‘Aquaouls sty Jo Joy oUIAUOD UeD JOIDeIYD atp JI ‘TaAaMO}
TUURAOID ay Buidjay anoge aimuzaao Aue saxeUL s2I>e
-reyp otp J] UoHestaattoD atp anUTUOD 02 sasTya ay "[EIep
yotfdxa ut Azors sty JUNODAT JIDeFEYD atp IeYp pure ‘Mou JF

S10 ay WOYA ]se aYS "UUEY Jay Op asLAUAyO 10 TUUEALID,
9Y2 02 eq JOY Beap 02 Burwod rou st oy euUBLRYy 2uULAUOD
01 zaxoeeYp ayp soy Surpensiad asey ous of" |]! IT

«i{NOJ,, "TAY UL RG ses pue
-oeaeyp ay sazluBod91 asiMay]] UURLIEYY "UUELTEYY Se 13]
azuSo201 q]1m zaddng ase] ay, wo J029eIeY> SuINUTUOD
"dn syoo] ays ‘sio1ua saioereyp arp sy 998} 19Y Woy AeAe
dn pauuid st sey pa uo] 19} ‘pamiog peay 19y ‘9]q2 ape
suis ssoup spn y_9e7q ‘urejd & UT UewOM BuNod WHS y

"ur garsereyp a4p Moye 03 apise sdaas pur ‘soounouue
ay cr quauaise ay tod ‘Ape Ap, "JOUDIUT oy JO sKoIA

ssaoerEyP arp SuTpo|q Is1y s1aqua pure sou zsnareyy Are]
dtp ae zsnareypy PIM soature zoqdereyp aup ‘soIe] NoY-F[LY
‘auoo 1ySru AueUr Moy SuTUZdUOD parsonbat
sem uorstaoid oN *Areaqty ay UE aduay NoY-FJEY e Uodn
paaide uaaq sey Bunaaur oy? IY? BurAes "Buruaaa ayp ul
Joe] JoIDVIEYD MIWIEJSON BY YD22j 02 SaUIOD zsNAIeWY,

9d.INOS SHOLID}SAW Y

(c28paymouy Au jo pua ayn st rey Puy "Pr»l]
Davy pjnom ay URUD UNY 02 Jaso[2 sey AULD Nok pu "UII,
ansind nod ay smouy ay Apeauyy 40} punog sea ay A194
Jou MOUY | YBNowpye Yo] ay ‘2]qGe axaMm sBuTUP se UoOs sy
Ava sty Jo ano pur pardn920 nok Surdaay 10} snug |]eUs e

poatesai | 10u pay!] ay UoIntsodoud e ‘Burpry ut Avs 01 pani}
Sea O}f "I[NOYsTP'--aured9q sBuryp ‘Jearsre nok WIA,

MOUy OU Op | ‘anzeA Jo SuryaAue punoy ay ou
Jo JaYPoy,\ "PuapyneA ayp Ie aim sroypo ayp apy Arerqy
auf or ssaooe WY IUeIB O1 age sem | ‘eBeNSuUE] ay YI AWE]
_Jruney awuos pey JaPUDyy P10 IMP paaospaq | WaamMoy "aut
0} aeyrueyun Ayarajdwios an3uoy y "71 sem Ieyp ‘ueappeyo
"UL UaIM "[]eIa1 | ‘s]Jorss urea SutAwed sean ayy,


‘Sunumpuey paduress
sIpeq ur oweu e spuy pue a sjjorun sarserey ayy "But
aredap o10J9q swioq pu suNUEINUT ay ,,}1OM We $aD10} 90
are x94} J "NOK Woy 314998 [[!M JOtPOUR SYaas nog 19ARrey AY,
:{gaisis) soypoaq ‘Yaquiouio1 sheapy ‘parapuar saotAsas 40}
juouided uy, Tuouryored jo desos e puaty sty sassed op]

AYSMOQGZAID ZSNIIVYW

{c29XP YIN 08 aun140} pooy "azayp STA
§qurerz9o J} 94 ‘paresuesn s|jouds snorsaad sty saystas ay jf
jal 19} sug sty Wo 3seay SAUD AeLE — 40} Aseaqy] Aur ede
a101 TUURAOI YT AUeU ot IGNOp OU Sea IT "MO]]EP JO
aureu ayn Aq paspuryy e — wopuoT UI SBuIp YoNs jo sepOYDs e
sem arayp weep pure | ‘aBensuej ueappeyD ap anoge Bur
of |Je0a1 J "NOK 02 asn Jo SuryraUOs avy Aew | 2Ad!]9q
| uoneredar jo dem Aq pur Auedwios mo4 30} apnaners
UW GaAaMOPY "YPN] 100d ayp 40} sa‘ojode Ayy "}uURACID
mnoqe preay J,, ‘AApe Jo pom v JOF apise zy yINd ym
ppuopy "wry Mouy 0} 9UUT Up UDyEr SEY IIDEIEYD ej]

| JopuoW psoy

"YopUuoT UT Of 01 arayas tea] WeD Aatp shem perDAds
de a19N]| "MOU BuFAas UY parsozaruy aiour a4,ayy WoYs
uo Suipuodap daas xu soup ayeu ues sraIeTeYD 3 |

—-« BOpUOT 0) peoy om UO

ypeq Surum
ous axayp pur auop st 11 ‘apeut s} UoIs!Dap ay 22U0 1nq ‘Mou
1y8112998 24 03 pos ous! A|Bur]]LWUN apeu ozIdwea reqqes
| y veuar sip aziseyduia pia szapja ayp ‘suoisisap umo
saIp aye Afarww | asnwu srajoereyD axp snxp pue "wWopaaiy

J siaeqgeg ou yar quinyp jo apna axp ‘9]oyss ay UO,
-sysnn ays so12e1ey>
IO 10 2apfe zwjnonzed v 02 8 02 aplsop Avw so12eIeY>
spue (saraypiqissod Bu14e]dajor asuaqu stayo pue) Auessooou
auosoq Avw afehoa jasiaum,, Uy yas Ala Joy pur
oyun soy eqqeg aup INoge suOHsanb yaa Jjasi9y puy Aew
ays , SUIMOLIEY,, 2UO asea] 1 YBNosP Uaag sey AIDeIeyD

ip pur ‘punor pur punos auog sey ¥per aup [fe Jy

jy3noy] 10-4 poo,

amy pue poolg

"oyio ayp zepury Ayaannoe FLA 94
"Tou Ieyp aed UOISsaUHBeUOU e sAyeUI aYS "SBUNYP WAIAYIP
oma agv Op 02 eM sIIDeIeYD ay IY pu s|Jouds ay
YIM Op 02 YM ange seapr s,eUUELIEY ‘YBA9MO}] "pas
-sodas aq pjnoys Aayp aeep ue Year TuURAOID Jo Ino >]
1saq ‘sno1aBuep axe s[for9s oyp etp VasBe SapIs Bog «

28

swayp Jepury
01 ueo ays Surypdsaad op [fla ays Burd] Jo zy asnode 10
TUWRAOI atp1 10} A]eAO] HotpazepapsinveTey> 9p] «
spuepiaziimg aavay Aayp se dnos3
up surof pur siayzereyp ayp djay or saaase euULLeYY «
{(Aazed ay ur 20y UM 2, UsdOp 19]]934403g ap fl) UOTE YOM.
01 stayaid ang ‘siarzereys ayp djay or saaase BULLE «
spaypear aq ]]}a suorsn}su0s
SurMo]fo} OYA JO FUG "eUULEWY YIM d98e pue oArt[aq
sraierey> ay soyIyA Jo JNeU k s} ay ‘pu oy U
aueu snpoopedde 1e syaayp 494
umop UNL s1e91 {pool "snIDopeddes Jo aua|qerp ayquz0Y,
SmIpnesd) puke wonsjseyy aya INoDaL |]LM ays addng
Ise] AY Jo siti9Ao ay SuLMp pareai rou sia1DeIeY> 9804)
Jog "spuey ruULADID Ut SuO]aq OU Op s]]o29s oY IeLP S101
-de1eyd atp asUIAUOD 01 IsoUHN Jay Op J]! BUULHEY

-woyery] ul quads sea
zenareyy "BUIOS oa Ady DIDYM AOU 0 patudas Kay 9oUIS
‘s1a1381eYp ay TULMOT]O} 01 pa1z0s91 94g "spULY s,LWULACID
ourforqury ur Apearpe aiam Aayp ‘pey ays own op Ag
swoyp Surpuy 01 Jjasiay 19s ays "wrayp Jo preay Aq se Us

way rye aq Pjnom TWUEAoID ayp Ieyp BuIMoLY

{ep woy $194 Jo I9eIUOD

-sromod poandaz 1194p pue s]]o19s Ueap]EYD auf Jo pray asny
dys az9y J "sue!opeddes ayp Jo AnuMOD quDIDUE ay UDDAq
pey rey spur] oy ur Sudpmas ou qudds oys ‘sjaavna J9y,
Bunng "19y pareao pey oyM asoyp aeayap 02 Aem v Surpuy
02 ayuN zy Bupesipap Aseg ayp or jaavn or paajose
pur 1YB!u au qoiDaIs UF GuaIseUOW ay Yay ays "Wayp
podenag om asoyp 01 op pjnom Aatp Iya pue THURACI
Dyp INoge porLIOM dys ‘paysia ays se BuO] se AvIS 01 194
oye 02 s1ayo s,uaydel andsagy "sauydiosiq] zy jo squoW
-Ipha ayp wea] 02 YBnous Buo] ‘wonsjeyy ya Joye ou
Luoys ¥ 10 sue!opeddes ayp ym pourewor ays ey zed
-dng yse] ayy, Woy SuInuTUOD asoup sijay eUUELEYY

34814 94) dn SUN

-o19 quURAOI atp Surdjay rou az Karp ‘UUEAOID ay 07
Jay a¥e1 01 Bu1O8 ou a4,Aoyp awyp Joy SuIULAuoD Jo aaoqe
sv u9Ds IE|TWIS B DALY [IM Jaddng Ise] oY, Woy esIDA
291A pur euueneyy oztusosa7 oym si29eyD UY
uo sSurtp anupuos ued 20 ‘(aazasqo 01 UreWId4 []1A\ zsn9Ie IA)
siakejd aup jo aso au yoray 02 una MoU ABU JIDBIY> PY],
"uy 01 UL [JIM EUUELEYY ‘MoU sUoTURdWOD sIY 10 2y
goad eYA TPA jay Jo so ue sayeu IdeIeYD oyp J]

Imo STY

"ure8e J9A0 J] wIBoq asnut suoHeA
-oau ‘saztojode saxoereyp owp J ‘Bunsow oy spud Yyoryr
‘sy]eq ay JI paysertp 298 10 o2}Sojode soyato wed soIDeIeYD
ay, "uny 01 [NSU UE st sIEp aeEp pue YaTey Poos ur posuere

If a Character Converted to Sabbat

She may receive the information as a reward of sorts,
plus an admonition to return post haste. The character will
be invited to take the Vaulderie before leaving, giving her
a Vinculum rating. She'll spend the rest of the trip anxious
toreturn to her new pack. This may affect her relations with
the rest of her party.

For the Camarilla Characters

They could receive the name as speculation from Lady
Meridie, who knows of Mallotte's presence in London and his
scholarly abilities (having had occasion to inquire about books
athisshop), but little else. She wrinklesher nose when mention-
ing him, but will not say why he's such a bad taste in her mouth.

Ifthe characters were instrumental in discovering Intisar's
diabolism, the information may be presented as a reward.

Marianna

Ifshe's helping the characters, she may give Mallotte's
omething dug up by a contact of hers.

Characters at the Enclave

Note that some of these characters have no Humanity
Trait. This is a dangerous time for them; they have shed their
resistance to the Beast, but have no Path to protect them.

Lady Meridie de Chancie

Clan: Brujah
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1257

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Empa-
thy 1, Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Dancing 3, Debate 3, Etiquette 4, Falconry 2,Game
Playing 2, Melee 3, Music 3, Research 4, Ride 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Clan Lore (Brujah) 4, Finance 1, Investigation4,
Kindred Lore 4, Linguistics 4, Literature 2, Medicine 3,
Occult 3, Politics 4

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3,
Presence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Retainers 2,
Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Image: A grave, lovely woman in her late 20s with waist-
length brown hair inasingle, long plait and clear green eyes.
Her expression is thoughtful, and her emotions are subtle
She usually wears long, simple gowns of an earlier era,

Act Two: The Black Monastery

Roleplaying Hints: You speak with quiet authority and
rarely raise your voice. Your movements are equally conser-
vative, all reflecting education, noble birth and good
upbringing, but you do not use this to pull rank, though you
have been tempted. You will not tell someone what do, but
give your opinion, bring up the options, and allow the
person to make her own d

ion.

Role at the Enclave: Lady Meridie is one of the leaders of
the enclave and is instrumental in developing what will
become the Path of Harmony. The characters should go to
her for information about the enclave's mission, and she
may have a sympathetic ear for questions about the Sabbat

or their own course.

Master Fra:
Clan: Ventrue
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1409
Apparent Age: Mid-30s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 4, Intrigue 3, Leadership 2, Seduction 2, Sense
Deception 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Falconry 4, Game Playing 3, Melee
(sword) 4, Music 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Camarilla Lore 2, Clan Lore
(Ventrue) 2, Finance 3, Heraldry 3, Law 2, Linguistics 4,
Occult 2, Politics 2, Sabbat Lore 1

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3, Pi
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Alternate Identity 3, Contacts 4,
tatus 3

nce 5

Resources
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Image: A very large man with a curling gray beard and
graying brown hair. His blue eyes frequently rove around
the room, and when they linger, he means to focus on that
person or thing to its minutiae. He wears the lace cuffs and
furred cloak of a Dutch merchant. His deep voice and

booming laugh carry to every corner of a room
Roleplaying Hints: Your massive build and booming voice
sometimes intimidate without meaning to, and as a means
of correcting that, you behave with exquisite politeness to
all. You will readily engage in the occasional flirtation if the
lady is willing and intelligent. If necessary, your wit and
sword are kept razor-sharp for whatever emergency might
arise. Your jolly manner makes a good foil for the sharp wit
and savvy that got you where you are now.

Role at the Enclave: One of the elders at work on the Path
of Honorable Accord; approachable, friendly, but may not
be kindly disposed to smart-asses or Lasombra

Blood and Fire

Lord Mendel

Clan: Tremere
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1492

Apparent Age: Late 50s

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Physi
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 4, Instruction 1, Interrogation?
Intrigue 2, Search 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Debate 2, Etiquette 3, Game Playing 3, Music 2,
Research 5, Ride 1

Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Astrology 3, Clan Knowledge
(Tremere) 2, Faerie Lore 2, History 4, Kindred Lore 3, Litere-
ture 4, Linguistics 4, Mage Lore 2, Medicine 2, Occule 4, Spirit
Lore 2, Theology 3

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Dominate 5, Thaumaturgy 5 (Move-
ment of Mind 4, Lure of Flames 3, Elemental Mastery 3)
Backgrounds: Retainers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 1, Instincts 2, Morale 3

Humanit
Willpower: 8

Image: An older, graying man dressed in long, fur-trimmed
robes. His long-fingered hands are adorned with two rings,
one a seal ring and the other with a Tremere sigil. His
forehead is usually covered.

Roleplaying Hints: A man more used to the company of
books than people, you withdraw in social situations and get
nervous when forced to join in. You were called in as a faver
to Master Frazier, and while working on the library has been
a true exercise in scholarship, you're not as thrilled about
socializing with your "brethren."

Role at the Enclave: He seems to be the only one who
how the library is organized, and he will be the one

know:
to talk to concerning the manuscripts.

Lady Vadislava
Clan:
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1460
Apparent Age: Early 30s
Phy: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Artistic Expression 2, Athletics 3,
Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Interrogation 4, Leadership 2, Sense
Deception 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Body Alteration 4, Etiquette 4,
Hunting 3, Melee 3, Ride 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Clan Knowledge (Tzimisce) 3, History 3,

zimisce

Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 2, Sabbat
Lore 2, Torture 4


Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Necro-

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Status 3
Virtues: Callousness 5, Instincts 3, Morale 4

7

Image: A very beautiful Slavic woman with curly dark hair
and intense dark eyes that seem to glitter like a predator's.
She usually wears long gowns of crimson or black, but has
been seen in mens' attire to go "hunting." Her hands are
usually gloved, covering a network of fine henna designs
tattooed in black.

Willpow

Roleplaying Hints: A proud woman of long heritage, you
carry yourself as one of the true nobility of the night, with
all the manners instilled in you thereof. However, few who
first meet you would suspect that as you accept their greet-
ings and kisses on your hand, you are appraising them for
theirpain toleranceand imagining the pitch of theirscreams:
Role at the Enclave: One of the elders developing the Path of
Deathandthe Soul. Sheisone of the terrifying Sabbat beautiful
manners and gracious, but she is very much in touch with her
Beast, and the Sabbat lack of Humanity is personified in her

Haakon Mortensen
Clan: Country Gangrel
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1385
Apparent Age: Mid-40s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Pe
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Blind Fighting 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Search 3, Sense Deception 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Camouflage 3, Escapology 3,
Herbalism 3, Hunting 4, Leatherworking 3, Meditation 3,
Melee 3, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Tracking 5

eption 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 5

Knowledges: Astronomy 1, Linguistics 2, Lupine Lore 2,
Medicine 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Animalism 6, Fortitude 4, Protean 4
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 5, Morale 5

Willpower: 6

Image: This tall, golden-bearded son of Vikings bears a
atiking resemblance to a wolf in the lean lines of his face
and his muscular frame. His eyes in particular betray his
Gangrel heritage — they have turned vivid silverand look
nothing like a human's

Roleplaying Hints: A plain-spoken man, descended of the
ald Vikings, you have little time for this silly discussion of
Paths and philosophy and whatnot. You would much rather
teoutside, allowing your Beast to run with others of its kind
Your blunt manners are seen as rude and brusque by others,
uhich you could care less about. You are most comfortable
inthe wild and can deal more easily with people there.

Act Two: The Black Monastery


Role at the Enclave: Developing Path of Harmony, more or
atrue "common man," with little time for nobility,
their games or anything else of theirs. You attach to Gangrel
characters to take them hunting and talk about nature.

Julian Sanders

Clan: Brujah antitribu

less. Youat

Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1485

Apparent Age: Late 20s
Ph Strength 4, Dex
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

erity 3, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Lead-
ership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 3, Fast-Talk 3, Firearms 3, Gambling 4,
Lockpicking 3, Melee 4, Ride 4, Sleight of Hand 2, Stealth 3,
Tracking 3, Traps 2

Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 1

Knowledges

lerity 4, Potence 3, Presence 4
Alternate Identity 2, Fame 2, Resources 1,

Disciplini
Backgrounds:
Status 2
Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 3, Morale 5

Willpower: 7

Image: A roguishly attractive man with long brown hair and
brown eyes that reflect intelligence and cunning. He frequently
dresses in the blousy shirts and trews of the Cavaliers, with
swirling cloaks and long riding boots that come to mid-thigh.

Roleplaying Hints: You have little time for the upper class,
and Lady Meridie is the worst of the lot. How dare she call
herself'lady" and Brujah in the same sentence? You personify
the rebellious nature of the Brujah and change sides in any
argumentat the drop ofahat toplay Devil's Advocate. You've
taken some outrageous risks, including trying out the "high-

way robbery" act with your home pack back in France.
Role at the Enclave: Developing Path that won't go any-
where; anarch without a clue, and pain in the ass for many
of the elders. He will gravitate to those with any form of

rebellious streak or Deviant Demeanors.

Mateusz Gryzbowsky

Clan: Nosferatu antitribu

Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1397

Apparent Age: Early 30s (?2)

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Hag-
gling 2, Scrounging 4, Sense Deception 2, Streetwise 2,

Subterfuge 3

Blood and Fire

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Melee 2, Security 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Astronomy 2, City Secrets (Krakow) 3, Clan
Lore (Nosferatu) 4, Investigation 3, Linguistics 4, Math-
ematics 2, Medicine 2, Metallurgy 3, Occult 3, Science 3,
Sewer Lore 3

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Obfuscate 5, Potence 6

Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Influence 2, Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 3, Morale 5
Willpower: 7

Image: As Nosferatu go, he's truly hideous. His greenish
skin is a mass of ugly burn scars, and his eyesight is
notably poor, forcing him to get very close in order to
see a person's face. He emits a strange odor that reminds
some of charred flesh.

Roleplaying Hints: You're straightforward, blunt to the
point of tactless, with no time for attempts at intrigue or
court niceties. You were nearly burned for witchcraft
because of your scientific studies, and being in Switzer.
land hasn't done much for your nerves. You barter yout
information carefully and do not share without a fair
exchange (personal information will do in a pinch if
there's no gossip to be traded).

Roleat the Enclave: Working on Path of Caine, though not
withoutsome friction with Veradis. Will stick closely toany
Nosferatu PCs.

Lady Melisande

Clan: Toreador antitribu

Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1506

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 1, Carousing 3, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intrigue 5, Masquerade 2, Seduction 5, Sense
Deception 3, Style 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Dancing 2, Etiquette 5, Music 4, Ride 3, Singing3,
Stealth 1, Torture 1

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (French and English courts) 4
Art History 3, Linguistics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 5, Presence 5, Dominate? |
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Fame 1, Herd 2, Re-
sources 4, Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 2

Willpower: 6

Image: Her blond hair is like the tip of a flame, and her
ice-blue eyes and flawless skin are too perfect, almost like

a doll's. She wears Cavalier fashion in vivid colors and
rich fabrics, and always has a fan within reach.


Roleplaying Hints: Your beauty got you Embraced, but
Your tastes got you Created. Few realize that behind the
heauty lurks a Beast; you have some very interesting
suprises waiting for those who accept your invitation to
‘come up and see you sometime." Others always look so
suprised when you haul out the cat o' nine tails.... Your
favorite means of discarding the useless or otherwise un-
vanted is to shut them off with a maze of the most intricate
courtly maneuvers until they're forced to retreat.

Role at the Enclave: Making contributions to both
Path of Death and the Soul and the Path of Cathari.
She is a witty, pleasure-loving lady, very much 18th
century in her outlooks, and highly concerned with
fashion. Has Goth/bondage-type leanings, very shock-
ing for the times.

Lord Theron

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1490

Apparent Age: Early to mid-30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Carousing3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Mimicry 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Ven-
triloquism 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Fire Eating 3, Melee 3, Music 3, Sleight
ofHand 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Faerie Lore 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 4, Psychology 3, Spirit Lore 2
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dementation 4, Obfuscate 4

Derangement: Schizophrenia

Backgrounds: Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Willpower: 7

Image: Tall and scarecrow-thin, with a light fringe of
beard at his chin and over his lip. His bicolored eyes
glitter maniacally. He changes costume like a conjurer,
wearing anything from current fashion to his own de-
mented creations.

Roleplaying Hints: The Camarilla has been out to manip
late the vampire youth from the beginning, and you can't
stand to see others being blindly led down the primrose path
of destruction. Sometimes the childer need to be shown the
vay to go (after all, what child ever knew what was best for
himself), but they are usually quite happy once they reach
the other side. It's up to you to show them — preferably by
driving them down the road in front of you.

Role at the Enclaves Scary prankster-type figure; another
example of the "evil" side of the Sabbat. He will be out to
convert from the beginning.

Act Tw

: The Black Monastery


Lady Veradis

Clan: Assamite antitribu

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1439

Apparent Age: Mid-30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Inter-

rogation 2, Intimidation 3, Intrigue 2, Streetwise 2,

Subterfuge 3

Skills: Blind Fighting 4, Climbing 2, Etiquette 2, Escapology 3,
Melee 4, Ride 3, Security 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Torture 3,
Tracking 3, Trap
Knowledges: Black Hand Knowledge 3, Chemistry 1, In-
vestigation 4, Occult 1, Sabbat Lore 2, Toxicology 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3, Quietus 6
Backgrounds: Black Hand Membership 2, Contacts 4,
Status 3

Virtues: Callousness 2, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Willpower: 8

Image: Her Middle Eastern features are striking in this
chilly place. She usually dresses in male Middle Eastern
garb, a scarf covering her deep brown hair, and a dagger
within easy reach at all times. (NOTE: She has about 10
daggers concealed on her at any given moment.)

Roleplaying Hints: Your quiet is not that of reflection like
Lady Meridie, but the silence of the patient predator.
Currently engaged in covert work for the Black Hand, you
are alwaysaware of everyone and everythingaround you. No
change escapes your notice.

Role at the Enclave: A secret member of the Black Hand,
she is engaged in work on the Path of Caine. She is not out-
and-out scary, but is the quiet shadow in the background
that will unsettle all but the most iron nerves

Lord Alexandre

Clan: Lasombra
Generation: 6th
Embrace 1350
Apparent Age: Early 50s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 4, Interrogation 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Intrigue 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 5, Game Playing 3, Melee (sword) 4, Music 2,
Ride 3, Torture 3

Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Camarilla Lore 3,Clan Lore (Lasombra)4,
Finance 2, Heraldry 4, History 3, Investigation 4, Linguistics 4,
Literature 2, Occult 3, Politics 5, Sabbat Lore 3

Blood and Fire

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Fortitude 2,
Obtenebration 5, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 2, Influence 2, Resources4,
Status 4

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 2, Morale 4
Willpower: 9

Image: A tall, bearded, olive-complexioned man wear
ing black velvet adorned with white lace and a large
teardrop pearl on a chain. His fine hands are adorned
with a single large ruby ring on the left pinkie. His
expression is frequently one of disdain, which he dis

plays quite openly.

Roleplaying Hints: You will not acknowledge a character
who is low-born or non-Lasombra. You came from tru
Spanish nobility and never let anyone (least of all yoursel)
forget it. You frequently assume a patronizing air, even with
your Sabbat compatriots, but your savvy about politics and
the Camarilla is undeniable.

Role at the Enclave: Refining the Path of Power and

the Inner Voice (already mostly developed by Lord
Marcus in 1530).

Lady Intisar
Clan: Follower of Set
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 1399
Apparent Age: Early 30s
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Dodge 4, Interrogation 2,
Intimidation 3, Intrigue 3, Sense Deception 4, Subterfuge}
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 4, Melee 3, Music 3, Ride2,
Snake Charming 3, Torture 2

Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Chemistry 3, Clan Knowledge
(Setites) 2, Investigation 3, Occult 5, Stealth 2, Theology
(Egyptian) 4, Toxicology 4

Celerity 2, Obfuscate 3, Potence 1, Presence3,

Disciplin
Serpentis 5

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

» Status 3

Humanity: 4
Willpower: 6

Image: Darkly beautiful with a penetrating gaze that'
unnerving, if not violating, even without Serpentis. She
frequently dresses in lush silks of dark colors and Egyptianot
Middle Eastern designs with a number of chiming gold
bracelets

Roleplaying Hints: Your speech is languorous, as if you
savor your words before you speak, and you frequently
choose to focus your unnerving gaze on someone just t0
gauge his reaction. You like carefully picking someone


apart—so carefully that mostdo not know that anything's
wrong — in order to learn about his convictions, beliefs,
etc. Anyone stupid enough to arouse your wrath deserves
what he gets, which will be unpleasant.

Roleat the Enclave: If there'sasnake in the grass anywhere,
itshere. A signatory to the Path of Evil Revelations who
practices her dark arts in the hidden chambers of the
monastery, she may be spotted by a wandering player. A
character with such knowledge had better have a friend
among the elders, or he's going to be snake food

Marianna

Clan: Giovanni
Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1444

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Hag-
gling2, Interrogation 2, Intrigue 3, Masquerade 2, Search 2,
Seduction 3, Sense Deception 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Dancing 2, Etiquette 3, Fast-Talk 2,
Game Playing 2, Melee 4, Meditation 3, Music 3, Research 4,
Sleight of Hand 2, Stealth 2, Tracking 2

Knowledges: Alchemy 1, Camarilla Lore 1, Investigation 4,
Kindred Lore 3, Law 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Occult 4,
Spirit Lore 3, Theology 1

Dis

mancy

iplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Necro-

Obfuscate 4, Potence

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 8
Willpower: 7
Image: A slim, beautiful young woman with flame-red hair
and brown eyes. She usually wears plain gowns in black or

other very dark colors. To see her is like seeing an avatar of

anguish
Roleplaying Hints: The years of your hated existence have
taken atoll on yourspirit. Youare determined, perhaps more
so now, to prevent the Giovanni from succeeding. You were
under a vow ofsilence for some time, and itis still your more
natural condition. You've also become slightly paranoid
with the Giovanni hunting you

Act Two: The Black Monastery


Sweet Thames, run softly till | end my song,
Sweet Thames, run softly, for I speak not loud or long.
But at my back in a cold blast I hear

The rattle of the bones, and chuckle spread from ear to ear

~ Buming buming burning burning
O Lord Thou pluckest me out
© Lord Thou pluckest burning

—TS. Eliot, "The Waste Land"

"Flash Point" is a fast-paced explosion of violence
The characters in this Act will have little time to get their
bearings and to weigh some of the difficult and important
choices that they must make. Events may at times over-
whelm them, and all decisions may seem ill. Still, there
is opportunity for gain, if the characters keep their wits
climax

about them as they race toward the Ac

Prologue

The characters hear that there is a vampire in
London who is an extremely adept scholar and possibly
one of the few people who can translate the manuscript.
The characters learn his name — Mallotte — and hear

that he frequents London's opulent Strand district.
From Switzerland, the shortest route to take is through
France, to the port town of Calais. If the players have
gained allies throughout the adventure (such as the
Founders), they contact Captain Burr in Calais. Burr
gives them passage on his ship, the Sailor's Moon. If the
characters are not associated with the Founders, the
Storyteller should put them on the same ship, for plot
purposes, though the voyage may run slightly differ-
ently. Through his wraith allies, Ambrogino is aware
that the characters have been asking questions about
him. He now considers them to be a threat and has allies
waiting in ambush on the English Channel.

Act Three: Flash Point


Scene One
(August 29th)

The Death of an
Archon

The Sailor's Moon

The Sailo
capable of much more arduous voyages than the jaunt across
the Channel. The ship is a lightly armed caravel and has
twelve 24-pounder cannons for defense. She has four decks
and wasa top-of-the-line craft about 15 years ago. She is 175
feet long, 45 feet in breadth and weighs in at 1900 tons. She
s sleek, fast and in excellent repair. Her three sails are blue
and triangular, with white crosses on each of them. The
masts and decks are ornately carved and inlaid. The ship's
masthead is a whalebone masterpiece, a woman sitting on a

's Moon is a fast and sturdy passenger ship,

crescent moon.

Captain Burr (Captain of the
Sailor's Moon)

Captain Burr is a ghoul of indeterminate clan affilia-
tion. He is a jovial man in his mid-30s and a veteran sailor.
He has orders to get the characters across the Channel as
quickly and quietly as possible. Burr has their descriptions
before they arrive. He shows all due deference to the
characters and will follow their orders up to the point of
sacrificing the ship. He has several bottles of blood below
deck (12 points worth), which the characters may have if
they request it. Captain Burr is also to let the characters
drink from him if an emergency arises.

Nature/Demeanor: Director/Confidant
Physical
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Leadership 4

Skills: Firearms 3, Melee 3, Sailing 5

Disciplines
Willpower: 5

Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Potence 2

Image: A weathered man in his early 40s, Burr has a ruddy
complexion anda dark brown beard which is going gray. His
most noticeable feature is his intense gray eyes. He wears a
dark blue top coat with silver trim

Equipment: Pistol, saber

The Archon

The characters are not the only Kindred aboard the
ship. Once they board, they will meet Lester Vance. Vance
isa quiet, but ingratiating person. He tells them that he isa
scholar and that he is going to London on "personal bus-
ness." Ifthey showany interest, he will engage the characters
in vivid conversations on most subjects, though he tends
toward matters of philosophy and poetry. He is a rough
contemporary of the characters (if they were embraced in
The Last Supper) and he becomes very convivial if they
reveal that they are of his century. He seems almost the
stereotype of the Toreador Artiste, buthe isnot. If badgered,
he eventually confesses to being of Clan Tremere, though
he seems slightly embarrassed by the fact. If the characters
are still working for the Founders (or pretending to) he also
admits that he is the childe of Mistress Fanchon. He will not
pry into any of the characters' secrets.

A quiet, scholarly young man one minute and a whit!
ingdervish thenext, Lester Vance is thin (almost anorexic),
witha shock of strawberry blond hair and faded freckles. He
dresses in clothes common to the continental universities.
Vance wears cool colors only (ocean colors) and is of
English heritage. He wears spectacles and is rarely seen
without a book. The Tremere is a master of water
Thaumaturgy and can use it to great effect, especially on the
ocean. He has two ghouls (Iago and Gretchen), who are
both loyal and competent.

Midnight Gambit

Fog lies heavy over the Channel and visibility is rarely
more than 100 feet. There is a slight breeze and the ship
makes headway. The fog billows around the ship and mutes
all sound. It is so thick that the characters cannot see from
fore to aft. Lanterns drench the deck in a flickering orange
light and crazy blue shadows leap maddeningly in the halo'
periphery. Burr curses a colorful and imaginative litany
against the cloying "Hell-sent fog." The Storyteller should
be evocative in her description of the phantom vessel.
Describe how the ship's prow slices through the water,
invisible from the top deck, spinning streamers of orange-
gray in its wake.

Ifone of the vampires attempts to use the Thaumaturgy
Path: Control Weather to dispel the fog, she will find her
magics resisted. Since fog of this sort is natural to the area,
dispelling it is difficult (Manipulation + Survival, difficulty
increase visibility by about 50 percent,
ses disperse it completely. The

8). Two success
while four or more sucé
resistance encountered while trying to dispel the fog should
send upa flag of warning. The fog is controlled by a Tremere
weather wizard, who is ona craft well out of the characters)
sight. The Tremere is an ally of Ambrogino's but will not
interfere in the coming battle.

Blood and Fire


About an hour out to sea, the muffled roar of cannons
breaks the silence. Out of the fog,
Dutch galleon, the Osprey. The first two shots go wide, but
the third catches the Sailor's Moon's fore-mast. Wood splin-
tersas the mast, with its load of canvas, topples to the deck
Two sailors die instantly

guns blazing, appears the

The characters may do whatever they wish during this
battle. The Sailor's Moon is hopelessly outgunned and
vy damage. Norge isa hothead, however, and

He is supposed to
ilor's Moon until it

tially takes hee

not a particularly talented commander
stay at a distance and bombard the S
sinks. Instead he orders his men to

tempt a boarding,
allowing the characters chance to board his ship in return.
Burr would prefer to re

orders if they tell him to stay and fight. Lester Vance

eat, but will follow the characters'
completely sheds his scholarly demeanor and successfully
rallies the crew. As the Osprey bears down on them, the
characters may also notice that a spout of water is swiftly
climbingitsside. (This is Vance employinghis Thaumaturgy
spell, Neptune's Might.)

The Storyteller should make the battle as freeform as
possible and not weigh it down with too much dice rolling
The crew of the Sailor's Moon are badly outnumbered, but
they are better trained and are fighting for their lives. If the

characters take the lead during this combat, they should be
able to turn the tide of battle. Vance uses his Thaumaturgic

abil to wash enemy sailors over the side,

The battle itself should be short, but brutal. What is
initially a boarding action by the crew of the Osprey quickly
becomes a rout. Despite the violence of the clash, there is still
something very dreamlike about the battle, with its billowing
fog and muffled screams. The players may sate their bloodlust
here, if they are so inclined. If the characters win (a likely

outcome), they may decide upon the final fate of their enemies
and their ship. The surviving crew of the Osprey will sue for
mercy, claiming that they were onlyactingunderorders (which
is true). If Norge is captured, he refuses to talk, and knows little
of worth if forced. (The players may be able to squeeze his
master's description out of him, ifthey are
The Sailor's Moon is badly damaged and Burr insists on leaving

ersistent enough.)

a skeleton crew on the Osprey, so that his master may recoup
some ofhis losses. Vance backs him strongly on this point. Burr
indicates that his master will almost certainly pass on some of
the profits to the characters, though he will till not divulge his,
master's identity. If the players did not violate the Masquerade
to the crew of the Osprey, Vance will spare them if the
characters wish it. This is the only "easy" victory that the
characters will have in this Act.

Act Three: Flash Point

1

ough he is
vampiric abilities and

when one of the characters:

Blood and Fire

hea surprised _

after me i

Dover

The rest of the voyage is relatively uneventful and the
Sailor's Moon reaches the English port of Dover with two
houts to spare before dawn. Dover is famous for its white
chalk cliffs, which are impressive, even at night. Over-
looking the sizable harbor is Dover Castle, home of a
powerful Ventrue lord. Dover is approximately 65 miles
southeast of London. While disembarking, Vance meetsa
withered old man (a ghoul) who draws him aside and
speaks with him privately. There are two large black
carriages waiting nearby. The characters will recognize the
carriages as the lightproof variety used by vampires for day
travel. After speaking with the man, Vance insists that he
must leave for London immediately, even though that
means traveling through the day. He will not reveal why
it is so important, buthe is clearly distraught. He offers the
characters transportation, if they wish to accompany him.
In either event, Burr wishes the characters well and again
promises to get their share of the Osprey's sale to them (if
they went along with this plan).

The Assassination

If the characters take him up on his offer, Vance'
ghouls make them as comfortable as possible for the ride
ahead. (If they stay in Dover they miss the following scene,
but must still deal with its repercussions.) The carriage
drivers are quiet, deferential ghouls. Vance's ghouls ride
lookout with the drivers. The carriages are well appointed
and comfortable. Despite Vance's sudden trepidation, the
players are probably still flying high from their recent
victory and the miles spin by rapidly. Vance is a congenial
traveling companion and offers to show the characters the
sights of London, once his business is completed. Vance also
mentions that their destination is the Rosewood Inn in
London's Piazza district. Shortly before dawn he draws the
shutters and the carriage's interior plunges into darkness
One by one they fall asleep.

The characters are awakened by the noonday sun
gently dappling through the carriage and searing their
flesh. (All characters instantly take two dice of aggra-
vated damage. The sunlight is not direct, since they are
protected by the carriage.) The door is open and several
pairs of strong hands swiftly pull Vance into the direct
sunlight. As they do, his flesh bursts into flames and
threatens to set the carriage on fire. If the abductors
manage to get the Archon clear of the carriage before the
characters interfere, the door swings shut, plunging the
carriage again into darkness.

Characters who have the Merit: Light Sleeper, ot
cast the Ritual: Wake with Morning's Freshness awaken
before the door flings open, as the carriage crashes onto
its side in a ditch. They may attempt to defend them-
selves and prevent the Archon's abduction. This attempt
should be difficult, dangerous and ultimately futile. The


characters are already injured and continue to take dam-
age every round the door is open. (Two dice aggravated
damage per round, unless they hunker down under blan-
even more damage if

kets and stay very still. They take
they encounter direct sunlight.) Furthermore they must
make both Humanity and Courage rolls (difficulty 6)
ach round to stay conscious and to prevent going into
Rotschreck. All characters are -2 to their Dice Pools
because of the general situation, as well as any minuses

suffered because of their injuries

The eight abductors are masked and well armed
They expect some resistance and fire on any character
who attempts to stop them. They are ghouls and thus
used to dealing with Kindred. This is not their first time
doing this. If, by some miracle, the characters manage to
keep Vance in the carriage, or capture a ghoul as a
hostage, the other ghouls move to a distance and start
shooting holes through the carriage. This action fills the

carriage with more and more sunlight, until the charac-
terseither acquiesce or are too weak to defend themselves.

Vance may at some point leap from the carriage, surren-
dering himself to spare his traveling companions. The
ghouls show little interest in killing the characters, un-

The characters hear the Archon

less they get in the way.
scream twice, then the crackling of flames and the hoof

beats of retreating horses. The characters eventually fall

back to sleep and do not awaken again until nightfall. If
the characters have ghouls who engage the attackers
outside the carriage, they too are killed

Ghouls

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2 (4 in this situation)

Skill

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Occult 2 (one ghoul has

: Firearms 3, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Medicine 3)

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 2

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Fortitude 2, Potence 2

Willpower: 6

Image: All eight ghouls look like masked highwaymen.
Their faces are completely hidden by wrappings of black
cloth and they wear brown leather jerkins. They have two
pistols each and carry curved, jeweled daggers. One carries
ablack doctor's bag.

Equipment: Horse, leather jerkin (1 pt. armor), dagger, two
pistols, mask.

Note: Alll five ghouls are
pering. Any attempts to stop them through Presence or
Dominate are at +3 difficulty. Ifa character manages to tear
one of their masks off (Brawl, difficulty 8), she will see a

conditioned against mental tam-

brown-skinned man of perhaps Egyptian ancestry

Act Three: Flash Point


Blood and Fire

Nightfall

The characters have no doubt covered themselves as well
as possible, if there are holes in the carriage. Unless their
Fortitude protected them, they are all at least slightly damaged
and some may be in very bad shape. The wrecks of the carriages
are something of a mystery. Four of the eight horses somehow
have slipped their bonds and are grazing peacefully nearby. Two
horses lie crushed under one of the carriages, while another two
are missing. The rear axles on both carriages are snapped cleanly
in two. Vance's ghouls lie nearby, as do the two drivers. All of
them were shotat least twice and then decapitated. Their bodies

are in a surprising state of advanced decomposition. Maggots
ving flesh and flies drone busily around them

infest their putrel

The charred remains of the Archon lie nearby. His chestis
cutneatly open, as ifby a surgeon's knife, and his hearts missing
Hishand gripsan omate locket, scorched slightly, but otherwise
intact. Inside isa painting of a beautiful Spanish woman. Some
of the characters may notice (Intelligence + Alertness, difficulty
8) that the image in the locket resemble:
Sailor' s Moon. Allof Vance's personal effects (which were in two
boxes attached to the roof) are also missing. The only other
artifact leftisa book on the floorof the carriage. The book isfilled
with handwritten poetry (mostly ofa spiritual or natural subject
matter). Any of the characters who have poetic sensibilities will
realize that the poetry is of the highest caliber.

the masthead on the

The characters may investigate the scene of the crimeand
discover several clues. Both carriages' front axles are shattered,
but there is no logical reason why they broke. No obstacles
block theroad. Itisalmostasifthe axlesjust chose that moment
to break. Closer examination reveals that a viscous, pungent

white slime covers the break-points of each axle. The slime is
rapidly dissolving into nothingness, but may be preserved

temporarily by sealing it in a dark, airtight container. The

Storyteller should allow the players to play detective for a
while, perhaps throwing out some more clues as rewards for
particularly astute detective work. Ifthe charactersuse Spirit's
Touch on something that the ghouls touched (ie., the
ral things about the

carriage door), they may discover s
attackers. (Perception + Empathy, difficulty 6.) The players
may discover one of the facts listed below for each success:

The bandits were ghouls of d their

zyptian ancestry

auras were rapidly rippling (frenzied) throughout the attack
(This fact belies the methodical, almost clinical precision of
the attack itself.) If they geta "snapshot" of the scene, they see
the ghoul with the doctor's bag cut out Vance's heart with
surgical precision. His aura indicates that he was confused,
however, and also reveals the presence of magic.

Eventually the Storyteller should remind the players that
their characters have many miles to ride before they reach
London. If the characters miss this scenario by spending the
night in Dover, they find Vance's body on the road the next
night, but they donot find any of theslime on the axles. They are
already known as traveling companions of Vance'sand thesame
parties in London (see below) will still wish to question them,


Scene Two
(August 30th)
Arrival

O London is a dainty place,

A great and gallant city

For all the street are pav'd with gold,
And all the folks are witty

—Anonymous

London — 1666 (Kine)

A pall of devastation shrouds London. In the past year 80

thousand people — one in six Londoners — have died in the
worst outbreak of the plague since the Black Death three
centuries earlier. The city is still reeling. Many blame the
troubles on diabolism.

Accordingly, the Inquisition suddenly finds itself in a
position of power. The Witch Finder General rides through
out London at the head of an angry mob, dispensing Godly
justice on the scions of Satan.

The nation is battling through hard times. It has wit-
nessed the execution of King Charles I by the Lord Protector,
Oliver Cromwell. Under Cromwell, Protestant morality was
sword point and all "papist trivialities" such as
and high art were forbidden.

enforced a
theatres, Christma

Despite recent disasters, however, Englandasa wholeison
theriseand will, overthe nextcentury, become thecenterofthe
world's preeminentempire. This taskisdifficult considering the
nation's exchequer, depleted by an unpopular war with the
Netherlands (the Anglo-Dutch War) and by the extravagant
tastes of King Charles Il. But after years of Cromwell's dour
"populism," the people of London rejoiced at the return of
Charles Il in 1660. King Charles brought with him the airy
grandeur and elegance of Louis XIV's palace in Versailles
(where he had been in exile)

London jsstill in many waysa medieval city. The main bulk
of the city still lives within a great defensive wall, though the
city'spopulation hasexploded outof the wall's confines in recent
decades. The streets are narrow, winding affairs and are difficult
tonavigate. Much of London, especially itsslums, hasa cramped,
claustrophobic feeling to it. Most ofthe city's buildings are still
wood, with thatched roofs. This is a perfect breeding ground
for rats and the plague. The threat of fire also looms large:

ButLondonisinastateof transition, froman insularEnglish
city toa nexus of world trade. Hitherto uncommon goods flood
into London from all over the world, including the Far East and
the American Colonies, Elegantsalonsspringup throughoutthe
wealthy Strand and Piazza districts, where gentlemen drink
imported coffee (new to England) and discuss modem philoso-
phiesand the issues of the day. The city's nobility fled during the

1665 outbreak, but are now back in large numbers. A growing
merchant class is gaining power to equal that of the old nobility.
The recent foundation of the College of Physicians (where the
circulation of blood was first studied) and the contemporary
writings of such philosophers as John Locke make London an
intellectual hub. London is now second only to Paris in popula-
tion and as a cultural center of Europe.

Storyteller's Note: More historically astute players may
blurt out that 1666 is the year of the Great Fire, thus ruining
your surprise. The best reply to this is to pronounce authorita-
tively that: "This is the World of Darkness and there never was
a Great Fire in the World of Darkness." This is, of course, a lie,
but it should keep them guessing.

London — 1666 (Kindred)

London is one of the most strategically important cities in
the world, Fortunately Prince Mithras has, for reasons of his
own, been most accommodating to the Camarilla. His transi-
tion from feudal Ventrue chieftain toCamarillaprince occurred
(seemingly) overnight. The Camarilla has gained a secure
stronghold in London, while Mithras enjoys
legitimacy. Mithras rigorously enforces the Masquerade and
theother Traditionsofthe Camarilla. Kindred fromallCamarilla
clans (except the Tremere) are welcomed to the city, though
newcomers are carefully watched for the first 50 years or so.

a strong aura of

Ofcourse, intemecine bickering among the various clans
remains rife, While the city's kine blame the recent plague on
anything from the Pope to the Antichrist, the prince blames it
on the Tremere. Indeed, rumor has it that the Tremere-hating
Mithras supports the recent rise of the Inquisition as a tool to
be employed against the Warlocks

The Toreador have proved a particularly thomy problem
for the prince and, for a time, held sway over such British
monarchs as Charles I. Now, however, the Ventrue are the
unquestioned rulers of the city, though the Toreador retain
control of the city's Elysium. Other clans wield varying degrees
of power and have their own agendas

The once-powerful Brujah, through their pawns the Lev-
elers (mortal antimonarchists), struck out against the royal
interests of Charles I, only to find that they in tun were pawns
of the Ventrue against the Toreador.

Even in 1666 most Gangrel avoid London proper, but
maintain havens around its periphery. They are currently on
arpath because the childe of their leader was recently
laterfound, with

the
found headless in the Thames. (Her head w:
eyes gouged out and hair shaved.)

The Malkavians of London are essentially leaderless and
withoutdirection. Theyskulk atthe edges of Kindred society, with
little effecton itspolitics. Some rumor, however, that the powerful
Sabbat Malkavian elder Vasantasena has drawn near. Rumors of
her presencehave placed the entire Camarilla hierarchy onalert,
but so far they have little evidence to support these rumors.

Other clans populate the city in varying numbers, but have
little direct influence on its vampiric institutions. For more
informationon the Kindred ofLondon, see A World of Darkness

Act Three: Flash Point


The Rosewood Inn

If the characters ride swiftly after thi
do not stop along the way, they reach London about three
hours before dawn. Since they have no other information,
they will probably head for the Rosewood Inn, as suggested
by Vance before his death. The inn's front door is open. The
proprietor, asleepy-eyed man named Charles Robin, may be
roused from his back room by rapping on the desk. The inn
isasolid, unpretentious merchant-class affair. Itisclean, but
unadomed. There isa tavern connected, though it currently
has only one occupant.

sination and

Robin rents rooms to the characters, giving the best
rooms to those whom he perceives to be of higher station. If
any of the characters dress as nobility, he begs their pardon
for the plainness and general unworthiness of his inn. He
swears that "this honest man will make you as comfortable
as these dark times allow." He assures them that he is
expanding the inn to "make it fit for such lords and ladies as
yourselves." He will then hint that he is looking for inves-
tors. Any character who shows an interest in his plans will
immediately be in his good gra

Robin is in reality a ghoul, working fora Ventrue ancilla
named Joseph Gaiman (the tavern's occupant). The inn is a
meetingplace of sorts for local Kindred. Gaiman is waiting for
Lester Vance and is disturbed by his lateness. He will ap-
proach the characters immediately after they check in, unless
they approach him first. His Camarilla superiors have told
him about the characters and he recognizes them. He politely
welcomes them to hisinn and then questions them vigorously
about Vance's whereabouts. If the characters are forthcom-
ing, he looks disturbed and insists that the characters mustsee
the prince immediately. He demurs ifthe characters question
him in return, saying only that the prince will explain all. If
the characters deny knowing Vance, he will drop the subject
and then covertly summon the prince's soldiers to "escort"
the characters to the prince. If the characters refuse or try to
flee, adetachment of Ventrue strong-arms led by Valeriusand
Geoffrey Leigh (see below) will bring them in by force. With
afew hours remaining until dawn, the charactersare whisked
to the prince's haven

The Prince and the Justicar

Mithras' haven is an opulent mansion in the Strand,
overlooking the Thames River. It is ornate, but not lavish,
and an almost Spartan sensibility underlies its overall effect.
An elderly servant answers the door. The characters are
greeted with the respect due their station (unless they are
there under duress, or are blatantly hostile).

The prince awaits them in a large drawing room which

contains hunting trophies from many lands. Weapons and
art of all sorts adorn the walls. The most commanding sight
in the room, however, is Prince Mithras himself, who stands
stern-faced with eyes unnervingly fixated on the characters.

Blood and Fire

The prince is of medium height, has a warrior's phy-
sique and is surprisingly swarthy for a vampire. He has
classically handsome features and dark, shoulder-length
hair. An aura of overwhelming age and power surrounds
him. He wears an expertly-tailored hunting uniform, and

mud encases his boots.

Three other vampires —twomen anda woman—flank
Mithras. The first man, Valerius, has long red hair and a
neatly-clipped beard. He wears garb similar to the prince's
The other man, Geoffrey Leigh, is lean, muscular and ex-
tremely large. He looks likea great catset to pounce. He wears
weathered traveling clothes, and bloodstains cake his shirt
The woman, Violetta, is all leisurely grace and has a warm,

engaging smile on her lips. She wears an ornate purple gown
that is the height of fashion in Paris, She is of Spanish blood
and is one of the most beautiful women that the characters
have ever seen. The characters may make a Perception +
Alertnessroll (difficulty 7) tonote that she is the woman both
on the Sailor's Moon's bow and in the locket. (If any of the
characters are French or Toreador, they also recognize heras
the Justicar of Paris and the childe of Paris' Prince Villon.)

Mithras silently summons Gaiman forward, and Gaiman
whispers in his ear. The prince then turns toward the
characters and sternly questions the characters about the
loss of Vance. If the players try to bluster, evade or be
anything but servile and forthcoming in their answers, the
prince will explode with rage, threatening all manners of
punishments if they do not cooperate.

Characters who cooperate are better treated, butnotby
much. The prince is abrupt, almost surly, throughout the
interview. Neither of the other two men says anything, but
Violetta interjects her own questions. She, by contrast, is
gracious throughout. Her voice is like the finest velvet, but
with a hint of iron beneath it. Her violet eyes regard the

characters with a mixture of sympathy and amusement

Ifthe characters truthfully recount their adventures and
worked to help Vance in the carriage, the prince will appear
somewhat mollified. Ifthey recount their story truthfully, but
neglected to help Vance, the prince calls them cowards and

question them vigorously as to why they didn't aid him. This
line of questioning applies even if the characters are not
Camarilla. If the characters are still working for the Founders
(or pretending to), they are under orders not to reveal their
mission to anyone. This presumably includes the prince.

The prince, of course, wants to know their business in

London, but does not press the issue unless the characters

blunder badly. Violeta uses her Auspex to read the charac-
ters' minds throughout and tells the prince if they lie. (She
does not call them on minor, personal points.) Violetta asks
the characters about their general origins, and some of her
questions come uncomfortably close to the events in The
Last Supper (if they were Embraced in that book), though
she does not mention any names. If the characters lie to
cover up the truth, she nods silently and does not contradict


them, If they begin to spill their guts, she says, "Silence, my
little hens, Now is not the time to speak of such things." If
the characters don't pick up on this, they may make a Wits
+ Alertness roll (difficulty 5) to recogr
lection as those of Durga Syn.

the words and

The hour is late and the prince is tired. He questions the
players on their loyalty to the Camarilla. If the characters
state that they are loyal, the prince becomes somewhat more
sympathetic, Hestatesplainly thatan enemy of the Camarilla's
isin London, but neither he nor Violeta knows his identity.
(They think Vance did.) Ifthe charactersmention Ambrogino,
the prince responds with interest, but states that the enemy
he speaks of is not Ambrogino (it is in fact the Setite Count
Jocalo, who will cause disruptions of various sorts throughout
the story). The prince then enlists the characters, using a
mixture of carrots and sticks to investigate the matter. The
characters may make deals at this point and get anything
reasonable, up to a minor boon. If the characters ask for a
haven, Violetta promises them one tomorrow night.

Ifthe characters say that they are not Camarilla, ot were
brought in against their wills, the prince threatens them with.
death unless they agree to investigate the matter. If the
charactersask about Mallotte, the prince'sservant gives them
his address, but the prince warns them that Mallotte is a
member of the Camarilla in good standing and is not to be
harassed. The prince dismisses the characters either rudely or
politely, depending on how the meeting went

The characters return to the Rosewood Inn 15 minutes
before dawn. They receive lightproof rooms and are told to
meet Gaiman in the tavern the next evening, for another
appointment with the Justicar. If the characters question the
princeabout what he was doing before their arrival (regarding
the mud on his boots, etc.), the prince snaps at them not to
be impertinent. This actually has nothing to do with the rest
ofthe adventure, but it may keep the characters guessing

Mithras (Prince of London)

No Attributesare given for Mithras
participant in this scenario. He is, however, a fourth-generation
Methuselah and not tobe trifled with. He iscurrently concerned
with "weightier matters," including the disappearance of the
Ventrue Justicar. Ultimately Mithras considers himself "plain
soldier" (he is, in fact, a spectacular one) and will have little
ript, even if he finds out about it. His
eeping the peace in his city

since heisnotanactive

interest in the manus
primary interest is in

Roleplaying Notes: Seasoned veteran of 100 wars, youare
usually a straightforward man. You are plain-spoken and have
little patience for prevarication or unnecessary subtlety. Move
with the grace and precision of a born warrior, with no flashy
orunnecessary movements. Always look others in the eye and
tyto hold their gazes long enough to make them uncomfort-
able. Speak with quiet authority and in a tone that brooks no
questioning. Youareastrongadvocate ofthenascentCamarilla,
You enforce the Masquerade

which you regard asa useful tool.

Act Three: Flash Point


vigorously. Youareindulgenttowardmostofthe otherCamarilla
clans, except the Tremere (though you tolerated Vance). Over
the centuries youhave gathered the Kindred of the British Isles
under yourbanner. Yourule with an undisguised iron fist. Some
believe that you control (or at least manipulate) the English
Inquisition to curtail Tremere activity. For more information

on Mithras see A World of Darkness.

Valerius (Prince's Lieutenant)

Valerius was Embraced by the powerful Ventrue Bindusara
(an ancient Ventrue scholar and patriarch; see Clanbook:
Ventrue) after sustaining a fatal injury at the Battle of
Hastings. Since that time he has fallen in with Prince
Mithras and become quite a national powerin his own right.
He is capable, but cautious in most dealings. Valerius is very
interested in any dirt he can get on the Ambers (see below).
Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Bindusara

Generation: 7th
Embrace: A.D. 1066 (Battle of Hastings)
Apparent Age: 25

Have
Nature/Demeanor: Traditionalist/Traditionalist
Physical: Stre
Social: Charisma
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

North London Estate

h 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Empathy3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 5, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Melee 5
(Rapier), Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 4, Investigation 4,
Law 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 3, Politics 6

Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Fortitude 5,

Disciplines: /
Obfuscate 1, Potence 2, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 5,
Mentor 4 (Mithras), Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 8

Merits: Pr
Image: A wiry, athletic man in his early 30s, Valerius has long
red hair and a neatly-cropped beard. He wears well-tailored,
conservative clothing. He usually has a long, thin rapier at his side

gious Sire, Political Ties, Judicial Ties

Roleplaying Notes: A master with a blade, you are the
favorite and his strong right hand. You are the
quintessential Ventrue: polished on the surface, but quick
with a knife if things get ugly. You administer many of the
prince's holdings and the prince's continental associates
consider you a "sterling fellow." You serve the prince's inter-

prince's

ests well and view his interests as England's interests.
Equipment: Rapier, fine clothing, thoroughbred riding
horse, pistol

Blood and Fire

Scene Three
(August 31st)

Chance Meetings
| The Witch Finder General

The next evening the characters awaken and may head
down to the tavern. Gaiman is not there yet, but the bar is
filling up with customers, mostly merchants. The tavern is
raucous and a few of the men sing drunkenly. Several
harmaids serve drinks and are being generally manhandled.
The barmaids play this off with a jovial defensiveness. Rose,
one of the barmaids, does not fit in this general milieu. She
seems somewhat downcast. Before the characters can ques-
tion her, however, the doors swing open.

Doctor Hopkins (a.k.a. The Witch Finder General)
has had a long, hard day bringing the scions of Satan to
justice. He has overseen two hangings, two burnings and
one "miraculous conversion." He is hot, tired and only
wishes for a mug of beer to take the edge off the day. This
tavem seemed like a nice one from the outside. The last
thing he expects is to get a shower of hot coffee thrown in
his face by an angry and screeching barmaid.

Several of the customers scramble for cover. Rose
screams somethingabout Dr. Hopkins murdering her father.
The "doctor" smiles thinly and asks, "Do I know you, young
lady?" Rose attempts to scratch out his eyes out. If the
characters doanythingbesides restrain Rose, they are stopped
by Gaiman, who has just come in the door. Hopkins'

entourage glowers angrily and one hisses, "witch." Gaiman
apologizes profusely to Hopkins (using Presence) and then
summarily fires Rose and escorts her to the door. General

lhughter greets her exit and Hopkins is appeased

Ifthecharacterstake Rose'sside in this, despite Gaiman's
warning, they should be able to face Hopkins down or scare
him away. (He is only human, after all.) Any embarrassing
retreat for Dr. Hopkins draws nervous laughter from the
patrons in the bar. Hopkins will become all the more
fanatical for this embarrassment, however. If the characters
question Gaiman about Rose, he explains that her father, a
local vicar, was hanged during the plague. Gaiman owed her
father a favor and took Rose under his wing. He fired her to
ave her from the mob, which might otherwise have con-
vened an impromptu hanging court. He adds that Hopkins
is not to be molested, by order of Prince Mithras. (Why
create martyrs?) Gaiman adds that the Justicar awaits them
atthe city's Elysium

If the characters follow Rose, they hear a much more
tearful version of the same story. Rose thanks the characters
fortheir concern, but says that she only wishes to be leftalone.

Dr. Hopkins

Dr. Hopkins, the Witch Finder General, makes
quite a good living in the fearful, rural climate of Resto-
ration England. A losing war with the Dutch, paired
‘with the recent plague, has incited a mood of fear and
hysteria throughout the land: Rumors of French and
papist conspiracies run rampant and the works of Satan
are seen in almost everything that goes wrong. A year
ago, during the zenith of the Poor's Plague, Dr. Hopkins
and his "satellite" Mr. Steame rode into town. The
plague, they said, was not a divine punishment, but
rather the work of Satan's agents. As proof of his words,
Dr. Hopkins showed how the VicarofLudgate (aknown
papist) was, in truth, a witch. After a few hours alone
with the general, the warlock confessed toall manners of
perversities. He told how he and seven others (whomhe
had named) sent Satan, in the form of a black cat, to
loose plague upon his parish. He hanged the vicar and
the grateful parish paid him 100 shillings for his divine
aid. The Witch Finder General has been livingin high
style since then. Unfortunately, plague deaths are rap-
idly dwindling (along with the general population's fear
of this type of death). Doctor Hopkins realizes that he
must find something else to frighten them.

Elysium

Storyteller's Note: Skip this scene if the characters are
not working for the Founders.

The characters arrive at the new King's Theatre on
Drury Lane. The theatre was built after the death of Cromwell
and isone of the city's main cultural centers. The aristocracy
of London currently favors a new play by the French
playwright Moliere (one of Violetta's favorites).

The carriage drops off the charactersat the stage door. An
actor ushers them inside. Theactor producesan ornate key and
lets the characters into a plush conservatory backstage. The
conservatory contains plants of every description, and its walls
are bedecked with paintings. Four musicians play a soft period
piece, and amber oil lamps provide a pleasant glow.

The Justicar greets them warmly and asks if they require
anything to make them comfortable. She will supply up to two
points worth of blood if they request it. Geoffrey Leigh stands
quietly nearby and appears uninterested in the proceedings.

Once the characters are comfortable, Violetta repeats her
questions of last night, cautioning the characters to tell only the
truth. If the characters relate the entire truth, she listens with
interestand interjects probing questions. Ifthe characters demur
orlie,shesuddenly launchesintoarathermelodramaticrecount-
ingoftheirdoingsin The Last Supper (excluding the Blood Egg)

Act Three: Flash Point


80

eee

Blood and Fire

and, toalesser degree, the first ewo Actsof this book. There seem
to be few holes in her knowledge. She then compliments the
characters for their diligence, but assures them that no further
deception is necessary. If the characters sill profess ignorance,
she sighs and reveals that she is an ally of Durga Syn's and
mentions the prophecy of the Blood Egg. (She does not know
Durga Syn's current whereabouts, however.)

She reiterates Durga Syn' belief in the characters' predes-
tined roles in this unfolding drama, and says that she can help
them if they desire it. She then freely answers most of the
characters' questions, though she will not reveal any of the

Founders' inner workings. She also professes to know little of the

nature of the characters' destiny, except that she believes it is for
the good. She confirms that Ambrogino and the Giovanni clan
are central to the outcome, but that they are not the only forces
at work. She professesignorance of the identityof Mithras' target,
burstates that she believes he is also a major factor. She suspects
theattackon Vance mighthave been instigated by this "enemy."

If the characters give her Vance's locket or poetry book
(cithernoworlastnight),she looks wistfuland thanks them. She
gives them the address for their haven, if they requested one (a
swanky home on the Piazza). The Justicar tells them about
several Elysium safehouses around the city, which they may use
in emergencies. Violetta wams them that she cannot become
directly involved at this time, but that they may reach her
through the actor they met earlier. If the characters show her
proper respect, they nowhaveapowerful, though erratic,allyand
advocate. Before they leave, Violetta wars them that Mallotte
is more dangerous than he seems, but is still not to be molested

If the characters ask about Ambrogino's whereabouts,
she says that she does not know (he is very hard to track)
She suggests beginning their search at the Venetian bank
ing houses on Lombard Street. Geoffrey Leigh ushers the
characters out the door and reveals that he is the owner of
the Sailor's Moon. He promises the characters their cut in
the sale of the Osprey, once it occurs. Violeta dismi
them and they may now pursue their own ends

Violetta (Camarilla Justicar of Paris)

The daughter of nobility and changeling kin, Violetta
flouted convention at an early age by becoming an actress
(Females were not allowed on the stage at this time.) Despite
the sensation this caused, she became successful throughout
France and Spain. She quickly came to the attention of
Francois Villon (now Prince of Paris), then little more than
a neonate himself. The two conducted a torrid love affair
before Villon Embraced her. Despite their initial sire/childe
relationship, Violeta quickly proved herself Villon's equal
and has even surpassed him in some ways. The two are no
longer lovers, but maintain a cordial relationship. Violeta
took up with the Gangrel Geoffrey Leigh during the late
1400s and he remains her most permanent and consistent
lover. Violetta issomething ofa vampiric prodigy and quickly

impressed the Founders with her abilities. She is now one of
the primary forces within the European Camarilla


Clan: Toreador
Sire: Francois Villon (Prince of Paris)

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 1250 (born 1231)

Apparent Age: 19

Haven: The King's Theatre (Drury Lane)
Nature/Demeanor: Architect/Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 7
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 5, Athletics 2, Brawl 2,
Dodge 5, Empathy 6, Intimidation 5, Leadership 5,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Melee 2,
Music 5, Security 5, Stealth 5, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Faerie Lore 4, Finance 4,
Investigation 6, Law 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 4,
Politics 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Chimerstry 5,
Dominate 5, Fortitude 3, Mytherceria 2, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 2, Presence 7

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 6, Fame 2, Herd 5,
Influence 4, Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 6

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Humanity: 8

Willpower:
Merits: Iron Will, Eidetic Memory, Faerie Affinity,
Prestigious Sire, Political Ties, Baby Face

Image: Violetta is captivating in every way and is easily
one of the most beautiful Kindred in the world. She is of
Spanish heritage and is slightly olive in complexion. Her
straight black hair has purplish highlights. Her eyes are
pethaps her most compelling feature and are a light violet
hue. She wears only the finest and most expensive cloth-
ing and is always at the forefront of fashion. Some whisper
that she has faerie blood. She also appears more human
than most Kindred. She exudes a great air of authority and
few challenge her opinion on anything. Violetta travels
with her coterie, which consists predominantly, but not
exclusively, of Toreador Artistes.

Roleplaying Notes: At the tender age of 400, you realize
that you are new to the games of the Jyhad. Although your
capabilities have launched you to one of the most powerful
positions in the nascent Camarilla, you are not always as
sure of yourself as you seem. You are something of a
sensualist and consider this one of your greatest strengths.
There are few people whom you cannot bring around to
your way of seeing things. You are a great lover of the finer
things in life. When occasionally pushed to questionable
deeds, you comfort yourself that what you do benefits all
Kindred. You also have your own private agenda that has
little to do with the Jyhad.

Equipment: Fashionable clothing, poisoned dagger (ag-
gravated damage), private ship

Note: The Justicar is under the direct authority of the
Inner Circle (the Founders) and has unprecedented pow-
ers toact. She senses, however, that a greater game is afoot
and will not become too personally involved in the char-
acters' doings. She will instead attempt to engage the
characters as proxies. She is not above using seduction,
threat or Presence to ensure theit loyalties, but prefers to
win her allies honestly. She is aware that the characters
have been in recent contact with the Sabbat and does not
trust them. She does not bring this up, however, since she
has orders not to

Geoffrey Leigh (Camarilla Archon)

Bom in the 11th century Byzantine Empire, Geoffrey
Leigh (then named Justinian) wasa rontiernoble anda warrior
against the Seljuq Turks. In one great night battle, Justinian
found himself his garrison's only survivor. Resigned to his
imminent death, he nevertheless fought on viciously, killing
several more Turks. His prowess impressed the Turks' leader, a
powerful old vampire warrior. The vampire personally attacked
Justinian, letting him attack fruitlessly and goading him to
greater feats of war skill. When he decided that Justinian was
aworthy candidate, he Embraced himand then lefthim to fend
for himself. Justinian changed his name when the Byzantine
Empire fell and wandered Europe and Asia, eventually meeting
Violetta and taking up with the Camarilla
Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Unknown

Generation: 6th

Embrace: A.D. 1042 (born 1015)

Apparent Age: 27

Haven: King's Theatre, Country Manor
Nature/Demeanor: Rebel/Survivor

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 7, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 4, Leadership 4, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 5, Etiquette 2, Firearms 5, Melee 6
(Sword), Music 3, Repair 4, Sailor 5, Security 4, Stealth 5,
Survival 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 2, Investigation 4,
Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Tracking 6

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Celerity 4, Fortitude 7,
Obfuscate 2, Potence 4, Presence 2, Protean 6

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 4, Retain-
ers 3, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

Act Three: Flash Point


82

Blood and Fire

ron Will, Code of Honor, Berserker, Acute Hear-
ing, Acute Vision, Huge Size

Image: An extremely large and imposing man in his mid-20s.
Leigh has a bristling mustache and long, wavy brown hair.
Like Mithras, his skin is somewhat swarthy by Kindred
standards. He usually wears well-made, but weathered, trav-
cling clothes. There is something very feral about him. He
ks with an imperious stride. Despite his fearsome de-
meanor, he is a convivial and even jovial person. He has a
booming laugh and appears to enjoy his unlife to the fullest.

wi

Roleplaying Notes: You view soldiering as the noblest
of professions and stringently follow the code of chiv-
alry, though many consider these notions passé. The
two great loves in your life, however, are Violetta and
the wild. You are especially comfortable in the wilds of
the New World and spend much of your time in the
American colonies. You are monogamous and have
not taken a different lover since taking up with Violetta,
although you know she does not return the favor. You
tolerate her trysts (and even her lovers) with a blend
of slight jealousy and amusement. These affairs never
last long and you are always there when they end
Although you are older than Violeta, you realize that
you do not possess the necessary subtlety (or the de-
sire) to play a major role in the Jyhad

Equipment: Sword, leather jerkin (1 point armor), travel gear
Note: Geoffrey seems to have a very strong rapport with
Mithras and the two men seem similar in many ways.

Choices

It is about 10:00 p.m. The characters may do what
they wish. In reality, however, their choices are limited
by what they know. They may go to the Venetian quarter
or they may seek out Mallotte. If they decide to search for
the "unknown enemy," they have little luck and waste
much of the night. If they decide to escape the situation
by leaving town (now, or at any time during this Act)
they must accept the dire consequences (Mithras' Blood
Hunt and the wrath of the Founders).

Venetian Blind

If the characters decide to investigate Ambrogino's
whereabouts, they may head for Lombard Street. The
Italian merchants' quarter consists of four major and
several minor business institutions. The main businesses
are a banking house, an import/export house (with a
satellite warehouse on the Thames), a clerical office and
the Red Bear Tavern. All of these institutions are prop-
erty of the Giovanni, which exists in London at the
sufferance of the prince. The head of local operations is
a Giovanni named Gillespi.

ve

If the characters come to the district asking suspi-
cious questions (or just generally skulking), they quickly
come to Gillespi's attention. The Giovanni population

of London consists of only four Giovanni: Gillespi, an
accountant and two enforcers. Gillespi's retainers are
lesser vampires of the 8th and 9th generation. Seven
ghouls are at his disposal. Gillespi does everything he
can from behind the scenes, hoping to discourage and
mislead the characters.

Characters may gain audience with Gillespi by
several means; allow them to roleplay this out. (Perhaps
the players pretend to be merchants or local Camarilla
officials.) If it is unavoidable, Gillespi will meet the
characters in the warehouse and tell them that they
have no business in the district. He politely but firmly
insists they leave. His entire coterie is with him, as are
five heavily armed ghouls. Additional
ance taints the place. (If the Storyteller has Wraith:
The Oblivion, it isa Level 3 Haunt). If pressed, Gillespi
will confess that he knows of Ambrogino, but will deny
that he is in the city. This is, of course, a lie.

in eerie ambi-

The Storyteller should try to discourage the char-
acters from becoming violent at this point, but they
may feel that this is the only way to gain answers. Any
such fight will almost certainly be loud and attract
local kine attention, thus endangering the Masquer
ade. If his retainers are losing, Gillespi will attempt to
escape through one of the warehouse's many secret
passages. (Perception + Investigation, difficulty 8; two
successes needed to detect.) If they capture Gillespi,
he will not talk, even under torture, though he might
break down at a point. He is fiercely loyal to the
Giovanni and knows the penalties that he will face if
he betrays either them or Ambrogino. His underlings
know little of worth. They may be forced to confess
that Ambrogino is in town, though they have never
seen him.

Ambrogino

Ambrogino, as the characters may have deduced,
isin London to contact the scholar, Mallotte. He has
already visited him once and the first few pages of the
manuscript have already been translated. Ambrogino
knows that the characters are also in town and that
they have spoken with Mithras and Violetta, but he is
unaware what the conversations entailed. He has even
gone to external clan sources for assistance (see "The
Foundlings," below). Given his limited resources, he
moves cautiously and tries to avoid all contact with the
characters. Although he is in the area when the char-
acters visit, he will not move personally to intercede in
any altercations between the characters and Gillespi.
He will, however, pull strings from behind the scenes
to provide Gillespi with anything that he needs.
Ambrogino's team (except for the Foundlings) are
completely loyal, but, with the exception of Gillespi,
less than he prefers to work with.

Gillespi
Gillespi is the archetypal border-territory Giovanni.
Embraced because of his keen business acumen and

family connections, Gillespi volunteered to expand busi-
ness opportunities in London and has generally succeeded.
Most of this success has been at the sufferance of the local
Camarilla, however, and he now fears that all he has
worked for will soon collapse.

Cla

Sire: Ambrogino

Giovanni

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1435 (born 1410)

Apparent Age: Mid-20s

Haven: Lombard Street Town House
Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Architect

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subter-
fuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 4, Investigation 3,
Law 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 3, Politics 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 3,
Fortitude 1, Necromancy 3, Potence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 2,
Resources 4, Retainers 4, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience I, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 4

Willpower: 7

Image: A somewhat handsome man in his mid-20s.
Gillespi has black hair and a clean-shaven face. He
affects the dress and demeanor of a successful mer-
chant. He always displays a somewhat intense
expression.

Roleplaying Notes: You don't need this. You don't nee¢

this at all. All you really wanted in life was a little power,
in your own little corner of the world, far away from the
cutthroat politics of Rome. Now Ambrogino is here.
Ambrogino! Of course no one says "no" to him and
survives, so now all your plans are at risk and your

resources are at his disposal. And where do these servants
of the Founders fit in? Your best hope is to do what
Ambrogino says, keep a low profile and hope all this
blows over soon.

Quote: We do not have to come to violence. We can discuss
our differences like civilized men

Equipment: Sword, pistol, merchant garb, gold

Act Three: Flash Point


The Red Bear Tavern

The Red Bear Tavern isa loud and raucous "gentlemen's
club" (no women allowed). A female vampire may gain
entrance through the judicious use of various Disciplines (i.e.,
Dominate, Chimerstry, Obfuscate, Presence). The club is
filled to capacity until almost 2:00 a.m., and stragglers arrive
until almost 5 a.m.

Despite the above appellation, notall of the club's clien-
tele are gentlemen. Lowlifes from throughout London gather
arouse. The club's main attraction is the sport of "b
(
middle ofa pit and reles
Other attractions include "ratting" (releasing dogs to kill rats)
and cockfighting. The audience gathers in a multitiered arena,
making wagers and screaming for blood. The proprietor of the
tavem is Raphael Giovanni (one of Gillespi's enforcers).

re

here to
baiting.

This sport involves chaining a bear toa stake in the

za pack of vicious dogs to attack it.)

Most of the clientele are human, but three are not. The
three "Foundlings" (see

characters may quickly notice th
below). The Foundlings are observing the activities and gener-
ally mingling. One of them is only a little girl, but no one
challenges her right tobe there. The three recognize the charac:
ters unlesstheyhavedonned very gooddisguises) andeventually

approach them, though they wait to allow the characters to
initiate contact. (They don't want to appear too eager.) The
three are regulars in seamy dives throughout London. They
introduce themselves and appear generally friendly. They may
fill the characters in on certain "below-the-sale" (lower-class)
details of London Kindred society. The Foundlings won't tell
them anything useful about the Giovanni, how

The Foundlings

Abandoned by their sires, the three "Foundlings" (not to
be confused with the Founders), as they call themselves, are
part of the Camarilla on a provisional basis. The Kindred

community mistreats them and they have tumed to each other
asa family. They usually disguise themselves as a father and
daughter (Snee and Catherine), traveling with their student
companion (Tobias). They now make a passable income by
hiring themselves out to those who are willing to pay for dirty
work. They are currently in the service of Ambrogino's under-
ling, Gillespi. They are not above taking a higher offer to sell
but they will never tum on each other.

gainst-the-world" mentality and share a

out their emplo
They have an
rich mythology among themselves, in which they are inevita-
bly the heroes, or the wronged and blameless party.

Blood and Fire


Gillespi has obtained their services by threatening
totell the local Gangrel that the Foundlings were respon-
sible for the death, degradation and defilement of their
chieftain's childe (which they in fact were). The Found-
lings are very upset that Gillespi learned the truth about
the Gangrel childe. Accordingly, Gillespi frightens them,
and they are unlikely to cross him unless they are sure
they can get away with it.

The Foundlings are not powerful enough to engage
the characters directly, but will skulk around the periph-
ery, waiting for moments of advantage. They are good at
appearing innocent (especially Catherine) and will try to
gain the characters' trust. In such an event, Catherine will
play the insider and try to ingratiate herself to the charac-

ters, asking if she can accompany them. Tobias Leveler
will act as a shadow, spying on the characters from a
distance. Tobias is particularly good at disappearing into
the woodwork and specializes in sneak attacks. Snee disap-
pears completely after the characters meet him and does
not reappear until late in Scene Four.

Snee

Even Snee does not remember his early life, though it
was obviously full of abuse. He is not sure why he was
Embraced, but suspects that it was a cruel joke of some
kind, Nominally accepted into the Gangrel clan, he fell in
love with their chieftain's childe. She did not return this
favor and this, along with Catherine's psychosis (see
below), led to her murder. Snee suffers perpetual night-
mares, and only his association with the other Foundlings
keeps him from going over the edge completely.

Clan: Gangrel

Sis
Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1525 (born 1485)
Apparent Age: 40

Haven: Ludgate

: Unknown

Nature/Demeanor: Bravo/Bravo
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Socials
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 3 (Club), Stealth 2, Survival 3
Knowledges: None

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 4,

Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Humanity: 3

Willpower: 6

Flaws: Intolerance (Foreigners), Phobia (Snakes), Dark
Secret

Image: A large, slow-moving man, Snee has an ill-kept
beard. He wears the clothes of a day laborer and is usually
dirty. He has sprouted several animal-like features, includ-
ing pawed feet (hidden in boots), tufted ears (hidden under
hair), snaggly fangs (passed off as bad teeth) and a musky
odor (lots of people stink).

Roleplaying Notes: You are a true English patriot and
distrust all foreign people and ideas. If allowed, you will
spout long, rambling dissertations on why England is the
greatest country in the world and relate your valiant history
asa defender of the crown. (The characters will realize that
these stories are of dubious authenticity at best.) The only
thing that you love more than England is your family, the
Foundlings. You realize that you are not too bright and are
thus violently anti-intellectual.

Quotes I had a painting of me with Queen Elizabeth, but I lost it.
Equipment: Club, dirty clothes, oily rag

Catherine

Born to an itinerant laborer family, Catherine was aban-
doned at an early age. Adopted and abandoned by several
alcoholic mothers, she became a permanent fixture at many
London bars. Despite the abuse and neglect she suffered, she
was an attractive and kind-hearted child, until she attracted
the attention of one of Mad Tom's crew (see Clanbook:
Malkavian). The Malkavian Embraced, abused and aban-
doned her when she no longer proved to be entertaining.

Catherine now hates everyone and everything, except
forher fellow Foundlings. Sheaspires toward high society, but
isnot of itand resents those who have things that she cannot
Clan: Malkavian
Sire: Unknown
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1122 (born 1114)
Apparent Age: 8
Haven: Ludgate
Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/Child
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 1, Melee 2, Music 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Finance 2, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 2, Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Domi-
nate 4, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 2

Willpower: 6

Merits/Flaws: Baby Face, Pitiable, Child, Dark Secret

Act Three: Flash Point


Blood and Fire

Image: A pretty and vivacious girl who appears to be al

ht years old. She tends toward frilly dresses and othe

| accouterments.

Roleplaying Notes: You are the brains of the Foundlings,
for what that's worth. You hate being trapped in
child's body and hate any woman who is more beautiful

than you are. That Gangrel witch thought she was some-

thing with her beautiful red hair and blue eyes. She
wasn't so beautiful when the boys got through with her
La, la, la, la! Now you're terrified that her sire will find
out and come to get you. You encourage the boys to
cooperate with the Giovanni completely, so he won'ttell

your bad, bad secret

Quote:

Equipment: Frilly dress, doll, d

day you'll leave me. I just know it. (Begins to cry.)

ger

Note: Catherine is the only Fe onal ing who can fit in with

upper-class society

Tobias Leveler

Tobias Leve

anative of Ludgate and followsno clan.

H

meeting house for the

nions in vacant property used as a
go. He

s, influencing the former soldiers to

es with his comy
Leveler movement years

remembers glorious nig!
demand reckoning from a tyrant. He has an extensive,
trusting friendship with those still strong in the soot-ridden,

gated section of London called Ludgate. He knows the city

better than most and hires out his services to the highest

bidder. Those coming under his scrutiny may find their stay

in London very inhospitable. Tobias' proletarian influence
extends into the lower-class constabulary, roguish elements
ofthe Royal Navy, and various back-alley pubsacross the city
His strikes, in whatever form, tend to come just before dawn,

learned of his

Tobias has no memory of his sire ar

weaknesses in the most painful ways. An outcast among the

undead, Tobias learned it all on his own — well, almost.

atherine gave

Tobias nearly succumbed to the Beast, until

him comfort and the knowledge to focus hi

s more control

"constructive" ways.

Tobias now posses
over his "fits," though he is far from mastery.

Clan: Caitiff
Sire: Unknown

Generation: 10th
Emb 1615 (born 1595)

Apparent Age: 28

Haven: Ludgate
Nature/Demeanor: Conniver/ Visionary
Physi
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
, Wits 3

ents: Acting 2, Alertness 1, Athletics 2,

I: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence
Ta
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Streetwise 4, Su

Skills: Animal Ken 2.

Security 2, Stealth 2, Survival 2

, Melee 3, Repair 1, Sailing 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, City Secrets 1, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics 1 (French), Occult 1, Navigation 2

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Potence 2, Presence 3,
Protean 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Herd 1, Influence 1,
Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Humanity

Willpower:
Image: Tobias Leveler is a swarthy, balding man with a ring of
greasy black hair and a goatee. He has leathery skin and always
displays.a grimace (or is ita smile?). He often wears the clothes
ofa laborer, preferring to remain inconspicuous.

Roleplaying Notes: You see the tyranny of scoundrels
everywhere and the French receive no quarter from you

You view all other Kindred, save your companions, with
outright suspicion and negotiate your demands bluntly.

Your words inspire the downtrodden, for whom you harbor
great empathy. You lose all rationality when your compan-
ions are faced with danger.

Note: Tobias still knows former Levelers, who are now
members of the lower-class constabulary, as well as innkeep-
ers and servants across the city.

Mallotte

Ifthe characters seek out Mallotte, they find him ina Strand
mmansionnear the prince'shaven. Ifthe characterssomehowspyon
Mallotte before going in (either by breaking in or by using the
‘Auspex Discipline Psychic Projection), they see him hard.at work
vera ledger. They will be unable to decipher its contents. This
oper is a translation of the Lilth Fragment (see below). If the
characters break in and confront him, he shuffles the manuscript
into the pile and demand that they leave immediately; pulling a
tellpull as he does so. (This summons his assistants Freia and
Frigga; see below.) Ifa character tries to grab the shuffled docu-
ments, they immediately burst into flame in the character' grip
andare instantly consumed. (Thisisnot the only copy, however.)

Ifthe characters opt for the direct approach, by knockingat
the front door, a servant admits them. The characters find
Mallotte in his study, hard at work over a Latin translation of
Thucydide's History of the Peloponnesian War. His study is
appointed ina tasteful, continental manner. Freia and Frigga are
already in the room. There are also two other guests in the
mansion (Duke and Duchess Amber; see below). They will
interfere if the characters attempt to strong-arm Mallotte, but
otherwise stay out of sight of the characters.

If the characters are polite, Mallotte is gracious and
asks them what they want. He disavows any knowledge of
anyone named Ambrogino. He is quite convincing in
doing this. If the characters try to employ him as a trans-
lator, he professes interest and questions them about what
they want translated. He feigns ignoranceofthe manuscripts,
hut proudly admits knowing Chaldean. If the characters have

somehow managed to copy any of the manuscript during the
second act (unlikely), he agrees to translate it for them, but
claims thathe needs several nights to doso. Thisisa lie, because
anyscrapofthe manuscript thatthe charactersmayhave latched
onto is, by coincidence or fate, the section that he has already
translated (the Lilth Fragment). Mallotte is polite and stately
throughout, unless the charactersare rude, in which case he asks
them to leave. (necessary, he claims that a runner has already
been dispatched to the prince's home.)

Mallotte will try to keep the entire transaction reasonable.
He assures them that he will help them translate their manu-
script, once they acquire it. Although he is charming and well
polished, the characters may notice (Perception + Empathy,
difficulty 7, two successes needed) that he isl at ease. Mallotte
will try to engage the characters in interesting, but irrelevant
subject matter (especially ancienthistory). He plays the gracious
host and even offers the characters goblets of blood (one point
worth), Blood connoisseursin the group mayagree with Mallotte
that thebloodhasa "piquantandingenuous" qualitytoit. Healso
asks them if they like to hunt. If they answer affirmatively, he
subtly tries to determine if any ofthe characters are interested in
joining the Crimson Bacchanal (see below).

His "assistants," Freia and Frigga, are beautiful, blond
twins of obviously Scandinavian ancestry. They pretend not to
know English, but will reply to queries in German or Norwe-
gian. They are garrulous on many subjects, but will tell the
characters nothing that Mallotte does not. Their ice-blue eyes
dance with derisive madness, belying their Malkavian nature.

The Crimson Bacchanal

The Crimson Bacchanal is an elite hunters' club that
serves the bored and jaded Kindred aristocracy of England.
The Bacchanal hunts vampires for sportand is the predeces-
sor of the modern day "Hunts Club" (see A World of
Darkness). The club provides the prey, who are usually
young Caitifforanarchs of lesser generation. The hunters of
the club speak bravely of their hunts, but are generally
cowards. They rarely hunt those who might have a chance
of defeating them. The abilities of the hunted are usually
proportional to, but lesser than that of the hunters. The club
has never hunted anyone below seventh generation, but the
guests' ennui is slowly overtaking their fear and they are
beginning to press for bigger game, The club's guests this
week are the Duke and Duchess Amber (sce below).

Andre Mallotte (Master of
Ceremonies)

The progeny of Lord Casmir (see The Last Supper) and
minor conspirator in the Conspiracy of Isaac, Mallotte fled
Italy after the conspiracy's disintegration and the subsequent
Lextalionis called by the Founders. Mallotte managed to
change his clan (and sect) affiliation in the colonies. He now
masquerades as a Toreador in London and enjoys Prince
Mithras' protection in exchange for covert knowledge about

Act Three: Flash Point


his former clan. Mithras does not know of Mallotte's former
Conspirator or current Sabbat ties, nor does the Sabbat know
ofhis Tremere status (they believe him to be Toreadorantitribu).

Mallotte believes that he has shaken the Founders, but
is terrified by the characters' arrival in London. Ambrogino
told him that they are Founder agents, regardless of whether
ornot this is true. If Mallotte's true nature is revealed, he will
assuredly be killed by any of several parties. His true origin will
prove highly embarrassing to Mithras should itcome to light.
Clan: Tremere (claims to be Toreador or Toreador antitribu)

Sire: Lord Casmir

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1405 (born 1365)

Apparent Age: Mid-40s

Haven: Strand Mansion
Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Visionary
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 6

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Music 5, Security 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Finance 4, Investigation 5,
Law 3, Linguistics 6, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Philosophy 4,
Science 5, Theology 5, Vampire Lore 6

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 1, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 4, Presence 3, Thaumaturgy 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 2, Resources 4, Retainers 4,
Status 2

Virtues: Callousness 4, Instincts 3, Morale 3

Path: Path of Caine 6

Willpower: 7

Merits/Flaws:
Linguist/Dark Secret (Conspiracy of Isa
Enemy (The Founders)

Image: Mallotte isa squat, unhealthy-looking individual. He is fat
by vampire standards and his flesh looks like something found
under a rock in a bog. He has a pinched beak of a nose; rotten,
yellowish fangs;and longblack hair, flecked with white. He isbald
on top. Hedresses the part of a university don (long, voluminous
robes) andisrarelyseen withouta book. He wearsapince-nezand
carries a cane with a boar's head on it.

Eidetic Memory, Fast Learner, Natural
c), Vengeance,

Roleplaying Notes: You are smarter than everyone and you
know it. Itis, then, a wonder to you that you have not gone
farther than you have. You realize that most other Kindred are
jealous of your genius
destiny. With your recent acquisition of Ambrogino's manu-
script, this is about to change.

Equipment: Books, pince-nez, dagger, snuff

Notes: Mallotte is highly adept at figuring out who may
wish tojoin the Crimson Bacchanal. He may makea resisted
Perception + Empathy roll vs. a character's Manipulation +

and conspire to impede your great

Blood and Fire

Subterfuge (difficulty 6). If he gains more successes, he will
know if that character would join in such a hunt. (The
Storytellershould havea good idea which ones would.) Ifhe
fails, ot if none of the characters are "his type of people," he
will not pursue the subject. If he botches, he will broach the
subject with the character and then try to play it off as a
"Toreador's jest" when she shows her indignation. Mallotte
isa fire magician (Lure of Flames 5) and can use these powers
to startling aff

Freia & Frigga (Mistresses of the Hunt)

"Created" by the insane toymaker, the Sculptor, the
twins were "perfected" and then released to spread their
particular brand of horror and insanity. They recognized in
Mallotte a kindred spirit and they stay with him as longas
he feeds their sadistic urges.

Clan: Malkavian antitribu

Sir
Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1355 (born 1340)

Apparent Age: 16

Haven: Small chateau outside London.

he Sculptor

Nature/Demeanor: Deviant/Child

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 4,
Security 2, Stealth 6, Survival 3, Track 4

Knowledges:

nance 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3
rity 2,

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 4, C
Dominate 3, Obfuscate 5, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Resources 4

Virtue: s 3, Instincts 2, Morale 4
Path: Path of Death and the Soul 5
Willpower: 8
Merits: Acute $

llousns

nses, Daredevil, Inoffensive to Animals

Image: Despite their beauty, there is something almost
asexual about the twins. They appear, more than any-
thing else, like a pair of expertly crafted china dolls
When not viewed by kine, they prefer to wear mens'
hunting clothes. They are always accompanied by four
large ghoul wolves.

Roleplaying Note
sire, the toymaker known as the Sculptor. But these rag-
mops have fangs and claws. Youare like the great junglecats
you have seen in Aftica. There is nothing you like better
than the terrified scream of your victim as you finally run
him to ground. The Crimson Bacchanal offers you an
avenue to express your hunting artistry.

Lovable rag-mops, creations of your

Equipment: White stallions (ghouls), wolf pack (ghoul),
riding crop, pistol, epee


The Duke and Duchess Amber
(London Elders)

The Duke and Duchess Amber are members of one of
sIdest royal families in England. As mortals they were
polished, intelligent and active — seemingly perfect
candidates for Embrace by the Ventrue. They came to
Mithras' attention and he Embraced them in the hope
that they would prove to be his greatest childer. The
Ambers quickly lost their spark and have spent the last
900 years feeding their own monstrous, but jaded appe-
tites. They have been estranged from the prince for at
least 600 years. They are still his childer and highly
ced Ventrue, however. The prince will not tolerate

ct toward them.

Sire: Mithr:
Generation: 5th

Embrace: 701

Apparent Age: Duke, late 20s / Duchess, early 20s
Haven: Amber Castle (35 miles north of London)
Nature/Demeanor (Duke): Thrill-Seeker/Traditionalist
Nature/Demeanor (Duchess): Thrill-Seeker/Bon Vivant

Duke: Physical: Strength 6, Dexter

y 5, Stamina 7

fanipulation 5, Appearance 4

Social: Charisma

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Duchess: Physi Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
S\ nce 4

arisma 2, Manipulation 6, Appea

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 4, Wits 6
Acting 2, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 4,
Empathy 4, Intimidation 5, Leadership 3,

Talent

Subterfu
Skills: Etiquete

Stealth 3, Survival 4

Firearms 4, Melee 5, Ride 3, Security 3,

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 5, History 4,
Investigation 3, Law 4, Linguistics 5 (British Isles only),
x

C

ult 3, Politics 3
Disciplines (Duke): Auspex 4, Celerity 4, Dominate 6

Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 2, Potence 3, Presence 3

Disciplines (Duchess): Auspex 5, Celerity 4, Dominate 4,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 3, Potence 1, Presence 6

rounds: Allies 5, Herd 4, Influence 1, Resources 5,
atus 4

Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

C

Virtues (Duke
Virtues (Duchess):
Courage 3

Hun
Willpower: 9

science 1, Self-Control 5,

nity: 2

Merits/Flaws: Prestigious Sire/Overconfident, Notoriety,
Anachronism

Image: The Ambersare as withered a pairof mummiesas the
characters are ever likely to meet. They even smell old
While outwardly beautiful, they are emotionally dead

Act Three: Flash Point 89

They are the worst stereotype of the Ventrue and look a lot
like each other. They wear moth-eaten finery that is at

least three centuries out of date.
Roleplaying Notes: You are the aristocracy of English
Kindred and you know it. Most are afraid to face you
because of your age and generation. All the challenge
longago ebbed from your lives. The hunt is the only thing
that quickens you. And hasn't even that gotten a little
routine lately? You play the loving couple, but your affec-
tion for each other is dry as bone.

Equipment: Sword, pistol, fine but outdated clothes
Note: The Ambers, while powerful, are not interested in
getting hurt. They will leave at the first sign of real
trouble.

The "Guest Room"

Any Gangrel, characters with the Merit: Acute Smell,
or characters using Level 1 Auspex (Heightened Senses)
may smell a bitter, acrid scent coming from downstairs.
They do not recognize the smell. If questioned about this,
Mallotte casually mentions that it must be some meat
going bad in the pantry. (He explains that he oc
ally entertains human guests.) [fany of the characters try
to slip away to investigate without using Obfuscate, they
are challenged by the twins. If they slip away using
Obfuscate, one or two may sneak out to explore the rest
of the manse, while the other characters distract Mallotte

asion-

The Setites ee
Setite interest in the manuscript is obviously _

both very real and very immediate. The Setites
believe that they can manipulate the Necroman-

tic secrets of the manus¢ript, or failing that,
manipulate those who hold it. The Setites have

theirown fragments theyhave theirown Chaldean

scholar), but wish to add Ambrogino's papers t©

their collection. To this end the Setites have sent
one of their most lethal operatives, the Spanish
Count Jocalo. Jocalo is a vampiric folk legend, a
bogeyman to keep the neonates in line. Jocalo's
tactical strategy is a blood-chilling mix of misdi-
rection, seduction and high-wite terror. It was he
who instigated the destruction of Lester Vance.

Nosstats'are provided for Count Jocalo; he
is a Methuselah-class foe and should be invul-
nerable to anything the characters throw at
him, He is intended as a plot deyicé and source
of character terror. a

Blood and Fire

and the twins. If they go to the basement they discovera
well-stocked larder. They may also discover a secret
panel (Perception + Investigation, difficulty 8). Behind
the panel, several cages box a darkened room. The acrid
stench of urine and feces befouls the air.

Three of the four cages are empty, but the fourth has
a prostrate fi
She is obviously undergoing the Becoming, the meta
morphosis from human to vampire. Puddles of bodily
waste cake the cell floor, and in their midst lies the still,
pale form ofa small girl-child. Her throat has been ripped
out entirely, and shards of vertebrae jut from her wrenched
neck — Rose's waking frenzy, exacerbated by her rage at
Hopkins, was brutal indeed

gure in it. It is Rose, the girl from the tavern,

Ifthe characters enter this room a small bell chimes
in the study, alerting Mallotte. Mallotte asks the re-
maining characters to remain in the study and walks
out, followed by the twins. He will not attempt to stop
the characters physically if they insist on coming along
Characters who stay behind in the study may use this
opportunity to search the papers piled on his desk. Most
seem to be pedestrian works, mostly the classics, and are
in Greek, Latin or French. One paper, however, is the
Lilith Fragment, but it is written in code. The character
may steal the document (or, if he has Eidetic Memory,
attempt to memorize it).

Meanwhile Mallotte, the twins and possibly some of
the characters from upstairs confront the characters who
found Rose. Mallotte holds aloft an oil lantern, which
casts an eerie orange light around the cell. Rose groans
slightly and opens her eyes. She is now a full vampire.
Mallotte demands to know why the characters have
violated the sanctity of his home. If the characters casti-
gate him for the despicable way in which he creates his
progeny, he insists that it is nobody's business. (The
cruelty that Rose has obviously undergone in the past few
hours may well remind the characters of their Embrace in
The Last Supper. Tempers should be running high.) If
the characters rouse Rose enough to speak with her, she
is incoherent, but obviously terrified of Mallotte. She
begs the characters to take her away.

Mallotte again insists that she is his childe and thus
"his concern." He even has the temerity to claim that he
"loves his new childe," but if challenged on this, he is able
to offer no explanation that won't churn the characters'
stomachs. He claims to have special dispensation from
the prince to sire progeny (true), but the prince doesn't
know that he has used this "dispensation" to create an
entire get for the purpose of hunting. The characters may
realize this, if Mallotte has already mentioned the Crim-
son Bacchanal to them. Ultimately he will surrender her
if the characters put up a consolidated front against him.
(If the characters leave her with him, they are following
Camarilla restrictions, but are cads nonetheless.)


If the characters attempt to punish Mallotte for his
cruelty, he and the twins battle defensively while scream-
ing for the Duke and Duchess. If Mallotte's cellar turns
intoa battleground, the players will almost certainly lose
(once the Ambers weigh in) and be dragged before the
prince. The Ambers are "friends" of the prince and
Mithras will be sorely displeased with the characters,

refusing to listen to their reasoning. He will, of course,
not believe a word of this nonsense about a Crimson
Bacchanal. He will probably not punish them too badly,
however, since he still wishes their assistance. If the

characters are properly contrite, they are released about

an hour before dawn. If they persist in their accusations,
they are released at dawn
If the characters get Rose away from Mallotte with
out violence, through either reason or threat, he will not
mention the situation to the prince. Mallotte quickly
alizes that Rose is more of liability than an asset at this
point and is not hard to convince. In this case he writes
Rose off as a loss and molests her no further. (He will now
have a potent enemy in Joseph Gaiman, however.) If the
characters manage to remain polite to Mallotte through
out this scene (a difficult task), he may still agree to
translate their manuscript for them. (Manipulation +
Etiquette, difficulty 6, to smooth things over) If the
characters don't discover Rose here, either tonight or
tomorrow night, she simply vanishes forever

The Four Visitations of
Andre Mallotte

Storyteller's Note: If the characters do not stake out
Mallotte's house, they do not learn anything from the
scene below. They may gain some of this information
later, through other means

Before the characters visit Mallotte, Mallotte meets
Ambrogino and translates the Lilith Fragment for him

Ambrogino also leaves several other documents for

Ambrogino hints

him, which he deciphers over the n
These include the Sargon Fragment.
darkly that there is a band of Camarilla Archons
nearby, investigating "the whereabouts of the Chil-
" This accounts for Mallotte's nervousness

dren of Isaac
when he meets the characters. The characters' arrival
and departure is noted by Tobias and one of Gillespi's
vampire enforcers.

After the characters depart from Mallotte's abode,
Mallotte receives two more visitors. Ambrogino's spies
do not see these next two uninvited guests to the manse
(detailed below), though both pass within a hair's
breadth of them
may make a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 9;
two successes needed) to detect each new visitor.

Any player character left on watch

Act Three:

ash Point


Mallotte, flustered by the night's events, sends the
twins and the disappointed Duke and Duchess away; stating
that there will be no hunt tonight. When he thinks he is
alone, Mallotte unwinds in his usual fashion: He dons his
favorite silk robe (and nightcap) and then slowly, sensu-
ously feeds from one of his prized animals, a border collie
named Strider. It is in this unflattering and compromising
position that Mallotte receives his third guest of the night

Marianna arrives uninvited, wishing to know every-
thing that Mallotte told the first two groups. Mallotte reacts
angrily and attempts to burn her using Thaumaturgy. She
quickly gains the upper hand, however, and beats him until
he talks. He tells her about the first two visitors and even
confesses to making copies of the manuscript against
Ambrogino's explicit instructions. (He does not mention
the Sargon Fragment under any circumstance, however.)

Marianna extracts his promise to keep her informed of
future events. She leaves him wallowing in his own blood,
but still conscious. Ifa character marks Marianna's entry
into the mansion, he may help or hinder Marianna in her
investigations. He will hear Mallotte's confession (and see
the collie) if he aids her. Ifhe tries to hinder her (unlikely)
she will retreat rather than fight the character. She may
speak with the characters, but she will not add signifi-
cantly to anything she may have told them in Act Two.
Mallotte will show little gratitude for the characters' help
if they aid him against Marianna.

If the characters stay outside the mansion for an
additional hour, they may see Mallotte's fourth, and pos-
sibly most dangerous, visitor. Count Jocalo (see the Setites
sidebar) enters Mallotte's mansion by slithering down the
chimney, showing not a speck of soot for the ordeal. He
appears to be alone, but is actually accompanied by his
entire coterie. He laughs at Mallotte's embarrassing pre-
dicament and then promises friendship and aid, if the
scholar will only accept it. Jocalo quickly overcomes
Mallotte's initial objections, alternately comforting and
terrifying him. After a 15-minute conversation, Mallotte
swallows a small golden scarab. Exit Jocalo.

If any of the characters attempts to interfere with the
exchange, Jocalo may speak to them. He wears a long black
cloak with burgundy fringe. A featureless ivory mask with
twin, tapered eyeslits conceals his face. His eyes are like
those of asnake. Any comments he makes to the characters
are cryptic, and it is unlikely that the characters will be able
to divine much about him, though they may guess his clan.
His tone is sibilant, derisive and honey-sweet.

Jocalo will not tell the characters anything they want
to know, but he calls them by their names. His general
demeanor is that of a jovial, but sinister fop. He then leaves.
If they try to prevent his departure, his coterie attacks en
masse. Jocalo's party is easily more powerful than the char-
acters, and they do not stand a chance against him. The
coterie incapacitates the party, but leaves them alive.

Blood and Fire

Scene Four
(September Ist)

Flint and Tinder

There's a flu bug getting passed around.

And it's spreading like fire through the town

— Squirrel Nut Zippers, "La Gripe"

If the characters stole, memorized or copied the Lilih
Fragmentat Mallotte's, they finditis written inachallenging, but
not unbreakable code (Intelligence + Cryptography or Enigmas,
difficulty 6,or Intelligence, difficulty 9). If they didn't manageto
acquire this fragment now, they may get another chance atit

Lilith Fragment

This portion of the Lilith Fragment is nota Necromantic
formula like the Sargon Fragment (see below). It is an
ancient, and possibly fictional, accounting of a meeting
between the "demoness" Lilith and the angel Gabriel. The
fragment's author is unknown, but is obviously Kindred and
probably well traveled.

Whether the characters manage to steal this manuscript
from Mallotte's or getholdofit later, theirreactions may vary.
Some of the less astute characters may say something like:
"You mean we've chased Ambrogino across half of Europe,
risking unlife and limb, for this?" Perhaps those Kindred of a
less scholarly bent were expecting something more spectacu-
lar, oratleast more utilitarian, thanamoldy, oldpseudobiblical
fable about someone named "Lilitu." More perceptive char-
acters, however, will ealizethat there ismore to thismanuscript
than is initially evident. (Itshould also be noted that the Lilith
Fragment does not constitute the entirety of the folio in
Ambrogino's possession.)

Several salient points may be gleaned by characters in
study of the manuscript. The Storyteller may simply wish to
open the floor for discussion by the characters and let them
reach their own conclusions. It is probable that the charac-
ters (and hopefully the players) know a little about Lilith,
who, according to Hebraic tradition, was the first wife of
Adam. (They may have spoken about her with Cappadocius
in The Last Supper.) The Storyteller may also wish to read
thesupplement The Book of Nod, which examines the role
of Lilith in vampiric lore. The so-called Cycle of Lilith isa
Holy Grail of sorts for Kindred scholars, and some may
decide that this fragment is a part of that greater work.

Ifthe players (and hence their characters) are ignorant
of vampiric history, the Storyteller may allow them to make
aroll (Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 9). The Storyteller
may then feed the characters one salient fact (see below) for
each success scored.


j
t

he

¥

ind then ‘i oneky te Lu fings out of the land of 208, eniat of Coen, Undghe did come
{nto-the ountt fonds (FPhnd the Bingdom,of Judah.

There she Hid dwell for, a time swith Her Snughters, Lamine‘and Empusne. (2)

Ahe Childeen of Acth (3) and off Iorael saw Her thece and oid come forth to het temple in the
mountain, (4) 90 eneh ug jout lore, Back Mother, that we will be slaves no mote."

nd Liitu tought them many of He small seccets of the world, Gut none of the dackling paths
816 oe ohow them. Sor a time the Chileon of Lilitu nnd of Seth toed in peace. Son Gegot son aiid
the children of off Jornel felf to squabbling. 2nd they became weak.

Thor came Lilitu to Jerusalem fot the Day of Willows, (3) ‘Te city Iny seatfored as chaff

nd tts people were sain by the soldiers of Mabu-kuduc-asur. (6) 2nd Lilitu came to He center of

town and there 1009 9 {uscious fig tree.
"Sind fo, the tree began to Gutn and in ft wns the face of the presence, Bnbeiel. Who before Lilitu
inng 0 grent procession of gods, 1d gods and nev, gods long dend, nnd gods yot fo be Horn, QIncient
Enlil ond Ooitis and their upstarts, Poseidon and Qkpheosite, — .

And behold, Thete were the Tuatha se Donnan ¢ ©) afid the Sitot Pack of the moon. iat 6 (8)
QUn6 there too wns Caine. Mt strode by, seeene in the prime of theft power.

- Heit, os each did pags the flaming tree, they fell under Gabriel's withering gaze. in theie
otuce 616 change, Chey became tiated nné brut. Bods of eset and onois Gosame envening
bengpmen. The Be Banann became fainter and a (he the morning fog. 2Ind the Sitst Pack
became bone-gnowing cuts. (9)

\

Then did they fall into dust. Map Gabriel O16 tuen ig Hoge upon Hilitu and ahe felt the glory .

of the One rain upon Hee: 2nd a light that was Hot Light lifted. the scales from Hee eyes.

ind she Wns teansformed, fe unto the withered gods, 2In6 there in He stead stood n slavecing
revenant, of the kind that gibbers in tombs ond. sups on dead men's marrow. (10)

Und fo, S18 Gabriel speak, saying: "Ti-made creature and Mothee of aes, (ii) see not

‘ plot thou hast sone?"

ind then She si see that she sons accursed of God. 2nd that in the: dae that the
Feeusnlemites si make peace with her, they were ngcufded too.

ind then Si8 Gabriel spenk again, saying: "Snow thou that the seit Su nee the only
true favored childeen of (Bd. 2nd they, not the childeen of Caine, shall make al the world. 2nd
thett transgressions shall be forgiven, But all of thy monstrous children shall.dimfnish. Som muck
and filth were thou crented, and to ft shall thou'nnd olf thy gefretuen. (12)

Then 816 the Kat fade and.the vision was no more. 2tn6-then O16 proud Léttu swene that tt
would notbe 90, 2nd four saplings did she plant, One-n willow (13), one an onk (14), one-n vine
of iby (15) and the nstof shittim wood, ofsvfich Monk and Wotis o16 build their acks. 2nd each
did ohe wot theee-times swith Hee blood. (16) te é

ind the fis of these S10 she Haat in od, nnd the second in of9 Fetusnlem, the thied in-0

Act Three: Flash Point


The central theme of the fragment seems to involve the
diminution of myth. In the case of the World of Darkness, this
means the degeneration of the planet's supernatural popula-
tion from their older, "purer" forms (e.g., Caine, the First
Pack, the Tuatha de Danaan) into their modern equivalents
The degeneration of vampiric bloodlines is, of course, a
central component in the Kindred's Gehenna prophesies.
Even in 1666, this issue strongly concerns the Cainites. The
Storyteller mayalso wish topoint out that the manuscriptwas
obviously translated in haste and then retranslated from
Mallotte's esoteric code. A more careful translation of the
original document may render addition facts or clarification.

Salient Points

The characters may divine one fact from the manu-
script for each success rolled. The Storyteller may choose
which ones to reveal. Mallotte's translation is footnoted. It
is reasonable to assume that he has notes revealing his take
on the manuscript. (He will surrender these to save his
skin.) Despite his flaws, he is an adept scholar. His interpre-
tation is, for the most part, correct.

1) The reference to Lilith entering the "sunlit lands"
would seem to indicate that Lilith is not true Kindred, as
many claim. This passage may, however, merely bea general

comparison between Judah and the dark lands of Nod.

2) Lamia is an ancient Libyan snake goddess, while

Lamiae are vampiric, goat-legged succubi who seduce trav-
elersand drink their blood. Empusae are relics of the Set cult
and are sometimes called Lilim, or the Children of Lilith.

3) The Children of Seth are, according to vampiric
tradition, the descendants of Adam and Eve's third son,
Seth. (See The Book of Nod.)

4) Lilith's "temple in the mountain" (implicitly near
Jerusalem) may prove to be of particular interest to the

characters, if they decide to pursue the issue further.

5) Day of Willows (a.k.a. The Great Day of the Feast of
Tabernacles). A fire and water ceremony, important in the
worship of Jehovah.

6) Nabu-kudur-usur (a.k.a. Nebuchadnezzar Il). Histo-
rians in the party may use the reference to his sacking of
Jerusalem to place the events in the manuscript to 587 or
586 B.C.

7) Tuatha de Danaan: The godlike progenitor race of
the fae, according to sidhe legend (see the Changeling
supplement Nobles: The Shining Host). Violeta may be
able to help the characters here

8) The First Pack: Those knowledgeable about
werewolves (must have the Lupine Lore Knowledge; diffi-
culty 10) may recognize these as the legendary progenitor
spirits of the Garou (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse)

9) Those with Lupine Lore may recognize the reference
to the Bone Gnawer tribe.

10) This reference to the divinely enforced degeneration
of Lilith into a tomb-revenant may contradict Footnote #1

Blood and Fire

11) Almost certainly a reference to Lilith's role in the
awakening of Caine and her part in the creation of the
Disciplines shared by all Kindred (see The Book of Nod).

12) In some traditions, Lilith was fashioned from muck
aind filth, even as Adam was created from dust and Eve from
Adam's rib. This is not the only Lilith myth, however.
Divergent traditions reveal her as an Assyrian demoness
known as Lilitw, and as an "original mage" by some Kindred
scholars and by the mage group, the Order of Hermes. The
Antediluvian Cappadocius (see The Last Supper) believed
her to be a female aspect of Jehovah. Some changeling
scholars consider her one of the Tuatha de Danan anda
progenitor of the fae.

13-15) Each of these trees has reputed mystical proper-
ties. Some of the modern (1666) properties are listed below.
The characters will have to do some research to uncover
what importance they had in 586 B.C.

13) Willow: Widely reputed by Western tradition tobe
a"witches' tree," it is also sacred to the death aspects of the
Triple Goddess.

14) Oak: Symbolic of strength and endurance, it is also
identified with Jehovah (as "ED" or Allah).

15) Ivy: Connected to the "vampiric" rituals, or Bac-
chanalia, of the Maenads (female worshippers of the god
Dionysus). It is also connected with the Egyptian deity
s and with resurrection.

16) To those knowledgeable about mages (must have
the Mage Lore Knowledge), this may bespeak the Verbena
(see Mage: The Ascension). Some Verbena claim that
Lilith is the progenitor of their Life magic.

Rose

Ifthe characters choose to "adopt" Rose, they may find
themselves in a quandary. Camarilla law proscribes that no
one may create a childe without the prince's permission.
Since Mallotte had permission (ofa kind), Rose's existence
may or may not violate this stricture. Rose is, technically
speaking, not the characters' problem, since they are only
her "foster patents." The only two people who may bear the
brunt of the prince's displeasure in this matter are Mallotte
and Rose. (Unless the characters attempt to hide her, in
which case the prince will blame them.)

If the characters seek out Violetta for advice, they may
persuade her to act as Rose's advocate to the prince (a
shocking breach of Camarilla protocol). There should be
some tension on thispoint, since Mithras is usually very literal
in his interpretation of Camarilla law. If the characters have
served him faithfully to this point and swear to take respon-
sibility for her induction into "proper Camarilla society," the
prince will make an exception. If the characters have been
too"willful" against the prince, he may make attach a number
of stringent conditions to her continued existence. The
characters may decide which clan she joins. (Probably the
clan of the character she "bonds" to the most.)


Of greater concern is Rose's state of mind. Her
Embrace was obviously a traumatic experience and she
shows signs of mental instability. She is clearly intelli-
gent and eagerly learns whatever Disciplines the
characters teach her (up to three dots worth). If ques-
tioned, she tells the characters that Mallotte first
approached her shortly after her father's death and was
always kind to her, until last night. She professes to have
no intentions of revenge against him. The Witch Finder
General, however, is another matter. She feels out the
characters on this subject before telling them about her
plans for revenge. If they seem to be the kind who
disapprove of vengeance, she will not mention it

Getting Rose squared away with the prince takes two
hours. Mithras also uses this opportunity to get the charac-
ters' report and asks if they know where Valeriui
characters, of course, do not and the prince requ
they do some investigating.

Rose Chandler

Rose's mother died at childbirth so Rose was raised by
her father, who doted on her. A quiet girl, she never had
many friends and her father's murder has left her, except for
Gaiman, alone in the world.

Clan: Caitiff (unless adopted)
Sire: Mallotte

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1666 (born 1648)

Apparent Age: 18

Haven: None

Nature/Demeanor: Survivor/Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 1 (Latin),
Medicine 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Initially none. (Subsequent Disciplines
depend on who teaches her ~ 21 Freebie Points for
Disciplines only.)

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Humanity: 6

Willpower: 7

Merits/Flaws: Fast Learner/Vengeance (Avenge Father)
Image: A pretty young woman, Rose is nevertheless begin-
ning to show some outward signs of her hard life. She has
shoulder-length, straight brown hair. She dresses like a
barmaid

Act Three: Flash Point


Roleplaying Notes: Your life was never easy, but you
persevered, and even triumphed, over adversity until a
year ago. You were walking toward your father's church
when you saw a crowd of his parishioners swarming
around the front doors. At first you thought an im-
promptu sermon was under way. As you got closer,
however, you saw the angry faces and the frightened
visage of your father. He was pleading with them,
calling them by name, but they only screamed and
jeered in return. That bastard Hopkins (you had heard
of him, but never given him any thought before) was
recounting your father's "sins," one by one. He did this
in the style of a carnival barker. You screamed as they
hanged him in front of the church doors. The crowd
drifted away sheepishly, leaving you alone. Since that
time, your one thought has been one of vengeance
against Hopkins

Equipment: Merchant-class clothing, knife

The Elder Vanishes

Valerius is the prince's right-hand man and Mithras
is more fond of him than of his own childer (the Ambers).
Valerius was to meet with the Archon Geoffrey Leigh last
night for some unspecified business. Valerius never kept
this appointment, and his haven burned to the ground.
Leigh was questioned and cleared of any wrongdoing
The Justicar is promising an investigation, but the prince
"wants his own people on it." This turns out to mean the
characters, but the prince does not deign to say why he
chooses to send them instead of his long-term Ventrue
clanmates. (Let the characters speculate on this all they
want once they ate alone.) The prince suggests that
Valerius' haven is the best place to start.

Faux Ambrogino

Valerius' haven is an estate on the northern out-
skirts of town. As stated by the prince, the mansion is a
burned-out shell, but still standing. The moon is full
overhead, and mist obscures the fen. A cold wind blows
from the east. The ground is damp. If the characters
search the grounds, they find nothing, If they decide to
search the ruins of the mansion itself, they may find
several items of interest. A glint of moonlight on silver
may catch the characters' eyes in the rubble.

nes

The glint is a locket, identical to that carried by
Vance, but with no painting in it. This may immedi-
ately turn the characters' suspicions toward Violetta,
which is why it was left there. Any art expert in the
group may tell that this is a duplicate by rolling Percep-
tion + Art Appreciation or Finance (difficulty 6)

The characters then find, in rapid succession, a
jeweled Roman ring (circa 100 B.C., and extremely
valuable) and an eighth century religious triptych of

Blood and Fire

Byzantine origin. The triptych is completely untouched
by the fire. Closer examination shows that it was re-
moved from the fire and then replaced afterward. As
they puzzle the significance of this, a cultured voice
with a faint Italian accent intrudes:

"Ah, but I do so adore fine art, and I could not bear
tosee sucha fine piece damaged. Permit me to introduce
myself. am Ambrogino."

Ifthe characters choose to listen, "Ambrogino" may
well impress them. Of course, this is notreally Ambrogino.
Ifthe characters choose to attack instantly, or atany time
during his ramblings, go to "The Thrall," below.

Otherwise, "Ambrogino" confides that he has been
manipulating certain events from the beginning, but
that now the time has come to tell all. He has "chosen
the characters for a very special destiny," and he now
deems them worthy. If they will obey his strictures,
"Ambrogino" promises them almost godlike power and
lordship over the Giovanni. (This may send up a warn-
ing flag to the characters, since the Giovanni rarely
induct outsiders.) If asked to elaborate, "Ambrogino"
whispers that he has discovered a source of nearly
infinite power, which "will make the gods tremble."
This may sound at least fairly credible, if the characters
have already read the Lilith Fragment. In addition, al-
most everything about "Ambrogino" seems to reek of
power. (Toreador must roll their clan weakness or fall
into a state of rapturous awe.)

"Ambrogino" is an impressive figure to say the
least. The freezing wind seems to make his words crack
with a grand finality. The Storyteller should play the
impostor in the manner of an archvillain, confident in
his power to crush the characters like insects. He prom-
ises the most dire of consequences if the characters
oppose him. The Storyteller should try, through tone
and expression, to create the feeling that here is a truly
deadly opponent. A small pool of blood puddles about
his feet, but the characters cannot tell its source (he

appears unhurt).

Ifthe characters agree to work for "Ambrogino," he
has several "eminently reasonable" requirements to as-
sure their loyalty. The first is that the characters must
drink his blood, but only once. (Thus implying that he
is of higher generation.) The characters must also agree
to "kill a certain troublesome Brujah, bring me the heart
of the prince, and spread jam on your heads while
singing heidey-heidey-ho." The characters may now
feel that things are goinga little far here, but unless they
quiet him, Ambrogino will continue to make even
grander claims and more outrageous (and vulgar) de-
mands. Eventually the characters will either leave in
disgust, attempt to shut him up or take him into custody
for examination.


The Thrall

If the characters leave the vampire on the hill, he
attacks thei

k

, all the while imploring that they stay. If they

atta mbrogino" lashes out at them with all his might
He

attacker is stron;

s entered Rétschreck and his attack is ferocious. The
fast and snarls like a rabid wolf, but he

attacks with little skill or strategy

Even up close, the vampire appears to be Ambrogino:
the characters may make a
)tosee"Ambrogino"

‘rom this distance, however

eption + Alertness roll (difficul

fora disguise expertly woven via Chimerstry. A subsequent

Inder

Willpower roll (difficulty 8) dispels the illusion.
neath the illusion is the vampire Foundling named Snee.

The Storyteller should use Snee's attributes, as listed in
¢ Two. All his Physical Attributes are at maximum (5),

but his Brawl is effectively 1. His Potence (normally 4) is now

5! He isalso using his claws (Protean 2) todish outaggravated

damage. Nonetheless, haractersshouldhave little trouble

insubduing the beast, since he has only five Blood Points and
is already Wounded (-2 to all Dice Pools).

If the characters don't destroy or

gag him, the subdued

Snee rambles incoherently about the fall of England, the "
of the snake" and the Gangrel childe whom he and the other

yes

Foundlings murdered. He appears more and more labored and

beg uncontrollably. Blood and white foam pour

toconvulse

from his mouth and his chattering fangs sever his tongue if the

characters don'tstick a rag in his mouth, Even if restrained, he

ingsound

yalliquid por
om his head,

b

dangling to his chest via optic nerves. Y

becomes increasingly frantic. Sud

drowns out even the wind as his ey

lowish fluid oozes

from his sockets and he continues to convulse, but more slowly
than before. Then he says,
froma slau

‘oice like something wrenche

ethouse bucket: "Surely you realized there we

be other interested parties?

Suddenly a sharp crack rends the air as his skull ex

plodes ina shower of blood, brain and bone shards. body

twitches slightly and then stops moving. Inside the ruins of

olden scarab. The scarab

his shattered cranium lies a smal

bout six inches in diameter and expertly crafted. It has

isa
lapis lazuli w
out. (It is obviously Egyptian in design.) The insect spreads
its lapis wings and attempts to fly into the night sky. If the
characters can't catch it (Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 10)
it flies into the distance, quickly disappearing (it can outfly
bat). If the characters catch it, it dissolves into the same

ngs and a spidery silver inlay etched throu

hite slime that the players found on Vance's axles

The characters may draw certain conclusions from this
encounter. The first and obvious one is that something very
sinister and alien just happened. The Storyteller should not
offer anything after the description, merely allowing the

characters to decide their next action. It is midnight

Act Three: Flash Point


The characters have several options at this point. Their
first instinct may be to flee town before thing
hand. This is really not a viable option, considering the
enemies they would make by doing so. The journey back to
town, then, should be a nightmarish one. Still, the characters
must pull themselves together if they are to prepare themselves,
for what lies ahead. Characters have many options, but prob-
ably realize that they should notify the prince and Justicar.

The Prince

Ifthey bringSnee's body to the prince's manor (the height
of poor taste) they find Valerius "alive" and well there. He
appears to be angry about something, but will not be drawn out
on the subject. "The prince," he says "is out." He cannot be
more specific on this point, but will tell the characters that a
series of strange incidents (murder, rape, arson and looting)
have erupted throughout the city. (These are Jocalo's doing,
diversions from the Setite's true aims, though none realize it.)
The Masquerade is in danger and the prince is "taking charge."
The prince will be incommunicado for the rest of the evening,
at least. Valerius listens seriously to the characters' assessment
of the situation and examines the body (if the characters
brought it). He agrees that the Justicar should be notified and
asks the characters to inform her. He then appears todo (in that
most stalwart of Ventrue tradition) nothing,

eally get out of

The Justicar

Violetta is reveling at the King's Theatre at an after
hours, bawdy version of Macbeth. She is with her consort,
Geoffrey Leigh. She listens intently to the characters. She
shows solidarity with the prince's efforts and then offers to
have the remaining Foundlings (Tobias and Catherine)
brought in for questioning. This takes several hours. She
also seems to have at least some inkling of what is occurring
(unlike Valerius). The characters may sense that the Justicar's
usually polished demeanor is somewhat frayed by the news.
She sends the characters around to Mallotte's to "make sure
that poisonous little wart doesn't bolt."

Mallotte's

The "wart" has bolted. From outside his Strand man-
sion all looks well, but the insides are a shambles. Cold
moonlight enters through 100 fine glass windows. If the
characters start a systematic, room-by

room search of the

mansion, the
Hunt Sisters) in a languid, but predatory prowl on the top
floor. She radiatesa quiet insanity (even moreso than usual)
— just waiting for the right moment to explode — but
makes no immediate hostile move toward the characters. f
questioned about Mallotte, she laughsand says (in German)
that he left with "that Indian seductress." If the characters
ask what she isdoing, she will say (also in German): "Ob, my

on come across Frigga (one of the Malkavian

Blood and Fire

Sister is hiding. I am the huntress and she the prey. Or is it
the other way around?" The characters may, at this point,
decide that this is a Malkavian game of cat and mouse, best
avoided. Ifleft to their own devices the two hunt each other
(never leaving the house) until dawn, or until they kill each
other. (Freia is in the basement among her huntress' cages
and speaks identically to her sister if approached.)

If the characters try to take the sisters into custody or in
any way interfere with their game, both sisters strike against
the characters like precision machines. Both women are
dkilled killersand masters of Obfuscate. They use this mastery
to startling advantage in the darkened mansion and, unlike
Snee, they retain all of their tactical sensibilities. They know
the mansion and attempt to catch the characters between
them fora well-administered coup de grace. LikeSnee, neither
of the sisters can be reasoned with, and all attempts to cow
them into line (through Dominate or Presence) are at +3
dificulty. Neither of them sports a "skull-scarab," however

Violetta, if present, has a fair chance to calm the twins.
Ifthis occurs she may be able to question them, though their
answers are far from satisfactory. They may, however, de-
sctibe the "Indian seductress" a bit more fully, claiming that
the woman had jet-black skin and six arms, Reality, they
chim, seemed to warp around her.

The Ambers are safe in their hidey-hole at Castle
Amber. Dawn is near and there is no sign of the Foundlings.

Scene Five
September 2nd)

The Fire of
London

The Foundlings are Brought to Bay

| The two remaining Foundlings are not easy to catch.
Tobias Leveler barricades himself in the huddled slums of
Ludgate, using his neighborhood contacts to delay the inevi-
table. Against a hunter such as Geoffrey Leigh, however,
capture is only a matter of time. The characters may a
reny Leigh; if they do, he confides that he prefers a straight
hune such as this to all the weirdness of the last night.

ome

Leigh seems to be a faitly forthright gentleman and r
cfr the characters some insights. He is also a truly
hunterand picks up the lightest clues. He finds the Foundlings
with dispatch and deals matter-of-factly with any resistance
ut they muster. He uses appropriate and measured force and
isnot unnecessarily cruel in their capture. Both of the Found-
lngsfight hard for their freedom and they knowa few tricks, but

brilliant

they also seem somewhat resigned to the inevitable. The
clinging Catherine becomes entirely submissive after the "ar-
rest" and says that she is willing to cooperate

Catherine seems more afraid of what the Gangrel will do
to her than she is of any talk of "skull-scarabs" or insane
Malkavians huntresses. She admits that she and her fellow
Foundlings were in the service of a certain Mr. Gillespi. She
further admits (with some prompting) that Gillespi sent her

and Tobias to spy on the characters, while Snee was following
a dubious lead in Whitechapel. That's the last they saw of
him. The characters may have their own questions, but
ultimately the Foundlings know little of value. The two then

huddle together and await summary judgmentby the Justicar.

The Justicar may be swayed by the characters' pleas for
clemency (if they make them), or may just let the local
Gangrel settle accounts. She has a wide degree of latitude to
offer the Foundlings a "plea bargain": one night's headstart.

She will agree to this if they agree to aid the characters in

their investigations. The characters must initiate this angle

Gillespi

Violeta then summons Gillespi and cuts him litle
slack. She wants to know why the Giovanni thought they
could bring such a dangerous (or potentially dangerous)
artifact as this manuscript into London. (She calls the
manuscript by its proper name if the characters shared this
information with her.) Surely they knew there would be
other interested parties? What exactly is in these manu-
sctipts, that made the Giovanni think that they had carte
blanche to "endanger the decent Kindred of London?" She

also speculates openly about "what the ever-enigmatic

Monsignor Ambrogino's interest in all this is." She delivers

her queries in a staccato, rapid-fire manner. There is some-
thing definitely predatory in her speaking style, and she
makes little effort to hide her enjoyment.

Her obviously superior command of the language and
(as faras Gillespi knows) the facts clearly takes the Giovanni
by surprise. Gillespi stutters, stammers and clumsily evades.

If the characters have questions, she works them into her

interrogation, but she cautions them to let her do all the
talking. She is in telepathic contact with the characters
throughout (Auspex 4, if they permit it) and takes sugges-
tions as the conversation develops. Most of her questions
appear ridiculous on the face of it. (What Giovanniis really
going to spill the beans on Ambrogino, even if he could?)

Still, the characters may enjoy watching someone els
squirm for a change

Gillespi answers that, no, he knows nothing about
Mallotte and that, yes, he appreciates the gravity of his
situation. He apologizes that he can be of no use on this
"Ambrogino matter," but offers to deliver a message.
Violetta states that Ambrogino is to immediately desist all
activities in the British Isles. The characters may have

Act Three: Flash Point


their own message for Ambrogino, which Violetta will
relay if it doesn't contravene her demand or appear ha

ful ro Cam
"heavy-hand
Violetta's questions touch briefly on the subject of
Ambrogino's (hitherto unknown) appearance. (She re
quests a description of the Faux Ambrogino from the

illa interests. Gillespi protests the Justic

1 mandate," but quickly capitulates when

characters beforehand.)

Ultimately the questioning proves too much for the

harried merchant, who blurts out: "This is harassmentand
the clan of Augustus Giovanni will not stand for it. If you
in any way invade the sanctity of our business interests it
will mean war with the Giovanni!"
At this point Violetta thanks him for his cooperation
1 investigation. She is all smiles and
in. She tells him that he is free to go and that hes!
Sxit Gillespi

keep his nose clean

rate with Violeta and do not

If the characters coor

deviate significantly from her script, they learn sev

useful tidbits, Violetta used a seamless combination of
Presence, Subterfuge and sheer verbal bombast to cow the
lesser vampire. At the same time she probed his mind and
ngue dislodged from his

sifted the sediments that her hat

memories he burned some Blood Points during this

scene.) She learned more from what Gillespi doesn't say

than from what he does. What she learned is this:

Gillespi does not know what Ambrogino looks like,
but was following orders from an intermediary (who has
since disappeared).

t of

Cappadocius' collection, stolen by the Giovanni after his

The manuscript, as far as he knows, is a

marty

Jom. He believes that the manuscript unlocks the

secrets of life and di He has overheard the phrase

gon Fragment.

— He mistrusts Mallotre and feels that Ambrogino is
unwise to employ the outsider. (Evidently Gillespi has a
somewhat inflated estimate of the number of Chaldean

scholars in the world.)

The wild-card assassins presence has badly upset

Ambrogino's usually clockwork precision. Ambrogino has

shifted to a fully defensive posture and may be pulling up

stakes soon. (This is mostly conjecture on Gillespi's p
but not far from the truth.)
Gillespi recognizes the characters' likeness froma
tapestry that hangs in the vaults of the Giovanni's Rome
;

mausoleum. The tapestry predates the characters'
brace by a good 400 years. The image (Violetta states) i

unclear, howeve

and Gillespi has no idea as to the

tapestr

s significance
Any other tidbits the Storyteller wishes to throwin

for flavor, or individual character recognition. Gillespi

evidently considers the characters "monsters" of some ki

and fears them for some reason.

Blood and Fire


The Prince Returns

Mithras returns eatly in the evening and calls the char-
acters in again, dispensing with the formalities. He tells them
that a string of wildfire threats to the Masquerade occurred
lastnight and thathe personally spent the night dealing with
them. (He slept in a barn.) He appears in ill humor, but does
remark with some satisfaction that those "two mummies"
(the Ambers) won't be showing up at any of his banquets for
awhile. Certain measures, he assures the characters, are
underway to eliminate thenest of Setite vipers whoare clearly
tehind this travesty. It should be apparent that the prince
now has matters well in hand, or at least he thinks so. All of
his Ventrue "machinery of government"'is purring back tollfe
after last night. The primogen have all been alerted. Mithras
has even dispatched additional retainers to look after King
Charles in case he is targeted by the Setites.

With their fears at least temporarily allayed by the
prince, the characters may take a moment to breathe. Give
thema quiet moment with the prince. Don't overplay it, but
allow the characters a glimpse of the very real responsibili-
ties he shoulders. He may even share a few appropriate
thoughts on the Camarilla and its future prospects. By this
point the prince probably considers the characters loyal
Camarilla (Sabbat Vinculums from Act II notwithstand-
ing). Certainly the Camarilla may be looking good right
now, especially when counterpoised against the twisted
plots of the Necromancer Ambrogino and the nightmare
insanity of the Spanish assassin.

The Ascension of Mallotte

The prince, feeling that things are returning to a
semblance of normalcy, requests that the characters con-
tinue to work with the Justicar. The general feeling is one of
"cleanup detail." The Justicar suggests that they try to
examine Mallotte's mansion for any further clues to his part
inthe recent events. The Justicar (but not Geoffrey Leigh)
goes with the characters. At least part of Violetta's inten-
tions include procuring the manuscript for the Camarilla,

One of Violetta's servitors (a wan ghoul named
Reginald) and Joseph Gaiman have been watching over the
place. They report nothing out of the ordinary. If the wins
were allowed to play out their death-dance last night, their
remains were removed during the day.

The Justicar immediately begins a systematic search of
Mallotte's study. The characters may assist her or carry on
their own investigations. In any event, it quickly becomes
obvious to everyone that they are not alone in the mansion,
The walls of the study suddenly reverberate with a droning,
incomprehensible chanting. The voice seems to come from
everywhere and nowhere. It becomes suddenly, intensely
hot. The rhythmic cadence of ancient Chaldean fills the air.

The characters can pinpoint its source by making a
Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 9; two successes
needed). Su

reveals an expertly crafted secret door.

Upon discovery, the door explodes outward in a great gout
of orange flame, revealing the smiling, fanged figure of
Andre Mallotte.

Mallotte has invoked the ancient Chaldean magic to
considerable effect. He has literally immolated himself,
becomingapyrotic fire elemental. Flames ofall hues crackle
from his skin. The paint peels beneath the force of the fire
magician's newfound power. The study begins to burn outof,
control and the characters' undead bodies stiffen like sea-
soned cordwood in the blistering heat:

Mallotte (to allow a brief digression) believes he is now
in possession of the "power of powers." He is not far from the
truth. His isan imperfect hold on the power, though, and he
is already madder than any Malkavian. As far as he is
concerned, however, he has won itall. The Storyteller may
wish him to soliloquize (briefly)

You were the quiet scholar. Laughed at and abused by
the Conspiracy of Isaac. Hunted by the Founders. Ha!
We'll see who the hunter is now! Lapdog to the prince no
longer. What is amazing is how blind everyone else in the
world really is. Like that callow, corpse-licking fool,
Ambrogino. He didn't even know what he had in his
possession, but you did. He thinks the Giovanni know
about magic? Idiot! This Tremere will show him what true
magic really is! And, ah, to be able to see with (what did
Jocalo call it?) "preternatural clarity of vision"? The true
Auspex? The third eye? That will do for now. Ah, and the
unhindered power to burn and burn and burn, until all the
oceans of the world cannot stanch the flame!

_ The Sargon Fragment

Unlike the Lilith Fragment, the Sargon Fragment
is actual magié
The Sargon, Fragment is from a pre-Hermetic tradi-
Most modern mages will find it
incomprehensible, while vampire Thaumaturgists
need arating of 5 in Thaumaturgy or Necromancy to
casttherituals therein (and eventhey will "burn out"
ifthe rating is below 8).

incient Chaldean magic, in fact.

tion:

For game purposes, the Sargon Fragment enables
a wielder to amplify her greatest ability exponen-
tially. The Cappadocians hoped (and the Giovanni
hope) to use it to enhance their death-powers to the
point of omniscience. In Mallotte's case, the Frag-
ment amelfied his fire magic to near-deific levels.
Unfortunately, the wizardwas insufficiently powerful
to! control the magic, and thus Mallotte's powers blaze
hopelessly out of control. f

Act Three: Flash Point


Violetta and the characters will realize that they must now
kill Mallotte quickly orall is lost. The Justicar lashes out with al
the considerable force of her Presence Discipline (Level 7, Mind
Numb). This usually devastating attack fails to affect the altered
psyche of the fire magician. The characters' attacks —no matter
what kind —will are little better, blunted astheyareby both the
excruciatingheat (-4 toall Dice Pools) and Mallotte's incandes-
cent body. (Anyone who comes into physical contact with him
takes fourdice ofaggravated damage. Everyonein theroom takes
one die ofnonaggravated, nonsoakabledamage per round.) Still,
some of the characters' blows are likely to connect, and the
Storyteller should reward particularly inventive (and devious)
attacks with their intended damage.

It doesn't matter; Mallotte doesn't dodge. No matter
what the characters throw at him, Mallotte still stands, an
animated, cackling bonfire of a corpse.

Helaunchesclumsy, though powerful, attacks in return. His
hands hiss and spark like Roman candles. Large, slow-moving
balls of fire crackle through the study, instantly vaporizing
anythingtheyhit. (Mallotte's Dexterity + Alermess, difficulty 8,
to hit; seven dice aggravated damage) During the combat,
Mallotte'seldritch fire begins to consume him; horrified charac-
ters see his undead flesh peeling back and his skeleton showing
underneath. Despite this, he shows litle sign of slowing and itis
obvious that it is not blood that powers this rampage. After
trading blows fora few turns (no more than three) he raises his
hands to deliver a massive counterstrike, oblivious to his own
deterioration. The heat becomes even more unbearable. Thefire

around his body intensifies into a low, royal-blue flame

The charactersbecomeaware of two things in this instant.

1) There are faces — possibly those of wraiths or
demons— in the flames. (Certainly the characters may find
this scene highly reminiscent of the Maelstrom at the
climax of The Last Supper.)

2) Marianna is in the room.

Marianna is wearing the cloak and boots given to her by
Japheth (in The Last Supper). The raging infemoseemsbarely to
affect her, and she leaps at Mallotte, More astute characters may
notice (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 9) the fiery Maelstrom
partbeforeher, takir
Ifa character is sufficiently fast, she may follow in Marianna's
wake. No more than two characters may follow in this fashion,
howeverand they must make Dexterity + Dodge rolls (difficulty
8) each tum; failure inflicts three dice of aggravated damage.

prief, butmeasurabletimetocloseafterher.

Marianna brandishes her sword in a distinctly Eastern
fighting stance and then brings it down on Mallotte's head.
(Any characters who followed Marianna into the Maelstrom
may also strike at this point, though they subtract two from all
Dice Pools.) Marianna'sblade arcsdownward, splitting Mallotte
cleanly in two. The characters unleash their attacks, Mallotte's
body hits the floor with two (ormore) resounding thudsand his
inferno instantly becomes a normal, though very intense, fire.
Inside Mallotte's skull is another skull-scarab, also split in two.
The scarab boils away into the now-familiar white ooze.

Outside, Londoners begin to peer from their windows atthe
buming mansion. Sinceall the papers in Mallotte's study (includ
ing, presumably, the Sargon Fragment) ignited in the first few
seconds, Violettacallsfor the party toreconveneatasafer distance.
While Mallotte's mansion is burning out of control, it is danger
ously close toonly one other building (another private residence).
Ifthe characters attempt to contain the fire, either by themselves
orby rallying the local populace, they may quench the fire. There
isa good chance that they will not try to douse the fire, unles the
topicofthe Fireoflondon came up earlier (in which case theymay
be trying very hard to change history). Ifthe fire isallowed tobum,
itsoon gets out of control and becomes the Fire of London.

Handling the Climax

The ascension of Mallotte is the Act's climax
anda chance for the characters to realize the nature
of the power they are seeking. Despite the pyrotech-
nics, the scene is ultimately not about combat. This
beingsaid, the characters shouldhavean opportunity _
to play a major role in the battle. Marianna plays a
deus ex machina of sorts in this scene (much like she
did in The Last Supper). The characters, not to
mention theplayets, may begin to resentit ifthey fee!
that they have undergone all the hard stuff just ro be
"rescued" by anonplayer character. Thus, the players
should have an opportunity to try various attacks and
strategies, They should be able to damage Mallotte's
physical body severely, but the power that animates
him precludes any real chance of killing him. This.
makes it all the more important that the characters
have achance at himwhen Marianna finally appears.

Thecharactersalsoown thesamemystical cloaks
and boots that Marianna does. Ic is possible, though
unlikely, that they are wearing them when they goto
Mallotte's. (They certainly do not know as much
about themas Marianna does.) The Storytellershould
take pains not to mention the items during the course
of the story. If the characters remember them, the
Storyteller should tell them that they have been
dormant for the past two centuries, showing no signs
of their former magic. Furthermore, although the
items ate powerful artifacts, they have weathered the
rigorsoftime only slightlybetter than normal (thotigh
well-made) clothes. Ifthe characters have been wear-
ing them on a semiregular basis since The Last
Supper, they are little more than rags by now.

If the characters do wear them duting the final
battle scene, they take half damage from Mallotte's
powers and only subtract one from their Dice Pools,
They notice, however, that the items are singed by the
end of the battle. (Marianna's show no such damage.)

Blood and Fire


Marianna

In the aftermath of the battle with Mallotte, Marianna
ay finally be willing to talk with the characters more exten-
sively than before. Violetta intervenes, questioning her about
her origins (clan affiliations, etc.) and intentions. Marianna
politely refuses to answer any of the Justicar's questions, stating
that the only words she hasare for the characters. The two face
off briefly, sizing each other up; then Violetta laughs, saying
that Marianna is free to go as "payment for services rendered."
Violeta waits for the characters at a distance.

Marianna first cautions the characters against aligning
themselvestootightly with any group, whetheritbe the Founders
or the Sabbat. She states, more forcefully than before, that she
bears the characters no ill will. Though she insists that she still
works alone, she may be amenable toa nonaggression pact and
even torendering occasional aid. The characters, nodoubt, have
their own questions and Marianna will answer some of them.

Marianna reveals several facts to the characters, though
sheconfesses thatsome of whatshe tells themare guesses on her
part. She believes that the remaining fragments in Ambrogino's
possession are parts of a greater whole and that they will playa
major role in the characters' destinies and her own. She has
been in contact with Durga Syn (as recently as 10 years ago);
indeed, "Synovea" helped her uncover some of the abilities of
hercloak and boots. She confirms that the items have a strong
Necromantic component and that they only activate during
"Maelstroms" (ghost-storms) that touch the world of the
living, She suggests to the characters that they wear their own
garments while sleeping ina graveyard, at least once a year. (If
the characters do this, they suffer horrific nightmares.)

Marianna believes that Cappadocius' soul still wanders
the world in some form, but she doesn't know how, or as
what. If the characters make a Perception + Empathy roll
(difficulty 10), they notice that her eyes have much the
same expression to them as Cappadocius'. Marianna's aura
isa light blue, tinged with gold. If the characters didn't
acquire it earlier, Marianna also gives them a copy of the
Lilith Fragment, though she cannot add significantly to their
understanding of it. (She may add some of the salient points
that they missed.) If the characters demand to know more
or in any way become abu ly and
fades from view (via powerful Obfuscate). If the characters
pledge friendship, she thanks them and leaves by carriage
The driver, a red-haired woman, is a vampire of European
descent. She wears a hooded gray cloak and appears mute.

Aftermath

Despite measures taken by both the prince and the
Justicar, neither Jocalo nor Ambrogino resurfaces. It becomes
quickly apparent that neither one of them is still in town.
Both Mithras and Violetta show their appreciation for the
characters' efforts (if the characters cooperated). If the char-
actersparticularly impressed Violetta, they may now have her
asan ally. They also receive a permanent haven in London.

ve, she regards them s

Denouement

In a small bakery on Pudding Lane, just north of the
Billingsgate Fish Market, a baker named Thomas Ferrinor
forgets to put out his oven fire. Hishouse quickly catches fire
and then spreads to the nearby Star Inn. Blown by a strong
eastern wind, the fire soon spreads throughout the district.
The Lord Mayor of London, Thomas Bludworth, is awak-
ened by news of the fire, but upon seeing it exclaims: "Pish!
A woman might piss it out!" He then goes back to sleep.

Most of London's North End is ablaze by morning. The
fire reaches Thames Street, with its warehouses filled with
oil, tallow, pitch and spirits. By Monday, the 3rd, much of
the South Side is aflame, including St. Paul's Cathedral.
Molten lead runs down the street. By the 4th, the destruc-
tion nears London Bridge. The city destroys many buildings
tocteateafire break, but the fire bursts through the city wall
by way of Ludgate. On the 5th, Cripplegate and Temple
burn. Due to the Lord Mayor's bungled firefighting effort,
Prince Mithras moves to make King Charles II himself lend
a hand in the effort. Royal intervention rallies the public,
before the wind finally drops and firefighting measures
prove effective.

Inall, over 100 thousand people are rendered homeless
(including many Kindred). About 80% of the city within
the walls is razed, though miraculously only eight people die
The fire covers over 373 acres within the city walls and an
additional 63 in the outer city. If the char:
for the denouement (it starts the same night as the death of
Mallotte), they may have one piece of business left.

Doctor Hopkins (the Witch Finder General) has fi-
nally found a new money-making opportunity in the Fire of
London. He and an angry mob circulate through the city,
exposing the "Satanic culprits" behind the blaze and meting
out summary justice. His mob soon numbers over 300 strong
and, if left alone, is not challenged by the authorities until
the last day of the fire. He extorts money from shopkeepers
by threatening to "expose them." In the first night alone he
hangs or burns 23 people. The characters quickly notice that
Rose is missing (unless they keep her under lock and key)
Rose shadows the movements of the mob and takes her first
good opportunity to administer her own brand of justice
upon the doctor. The characters may help, hinder or ignore
her quest for vengeance. If they aid her, she will consider
themhereternal friendsand aid them in the future. Hopkins
has by now outlived his usefulness to the prince, who makes
no move to protect him

ters

ay around

Act Three: Flash Point



Appendix One:

The 13 Clans in
the Renaissance

The Renaissance is a time of transition for vampiric as
well as mortal society. In many ways, vampires have fallen
victim to an even greater degree of culture shock than
mortals, as conventions and institutions that have domi-
nated their unlives for millennia are suddenly questioned or
discarded outright. The Masquerade and the sects are still
very new in this period; most elders remember the nights of
yore, when they ruled their kine more or less outright; many
bear the Renaissance's reforms with poor grace.

On the other hand, even the stodgiest vampires admit
that the Renaissance is more interesting (orat least provides
more diversions) than were the previous centuries. Art,
literature, music and dance have blossomed, and the colo-
nization of the Americas literally opens a whole new world
for vampires to parasitiz

As the kine evolve in this age, so do the 13 vampire
clans. The following thumbnail sketches of the clans are
intended for players to gain an understanding of the larger
structures in which their Renaissance characters operate:
These notes should also provide players and Storytellers
with an inkling of major trends that transpired between the
nights of the Dark Ages and the 20th century.

Assamite (Turks)

The Camarilla of 1496 congratulated itself on its deci-
sive victory over the Assamite diabolists. The once-mighty
Assamites were forced to sue for peace and were swept back
to Alamut in defeat. Even their ability to indulge in the
Amaranth had been magically stripped from them by the
Tremere. Never again, the Camarilla exulted, would the
united vampires fear the Saracen blood-drinkers.

Then, in the 16th century, came the Turks. Slicing
through the weakened Tzimisce like a scimitar through
butter, the Ottomans and their Assamite masters entrenched
themselves in the Balkans, nearly rivaling the Fiends in the
cruelty of their rule. Christian fief after Christian fief was
forced to bow to the crescent, while vampire after vampire
fell to the Assamites' fury. Throughout Europe mortal Turks
became the bogeymen of God-fearing souls, while the
Musselmen's vampiric cousins assumed that role in the eyes
of Europe's undead

Having developed a sorcerous bypass to the Tremere'
curse, the Assamites once again hunt European vampires
for their blood. They have, however, learned from their
mistakes, and often substitute cunning and diplomacy for
outright assault. By exacerbating the kafir's own paranoia,

Appendix


the Assamites trick their enemies into fighting on their
behalf, Certain Assamites have even taken the unprec-
edented step of allying with or serving kafir vampires (as
part of the greater scheme). The exception, of course,
applies to the Tremere — nothing but the Warlocks' utter
extermination will suffice, and even now the Ottomans
prepare to march on the Tremere's stronghold of Vienna.

Brujah (Agitators)

On first impression one might imagine the Renaissance to
be the embodiment of the Brujah dream. The nights of
ignorance and orthodoxy are over, learning has become firmly
entrenched (if not yet widespread), and the peasantry slowly
gropes toward freedom. The universities and salons are caul-
drons where new outlooks on life brew and ferment, andso the
Brujah eagerly move among the scholars and students of the
new era, drinking in ideas as avidly as they imbibe blood.

Alas, in this age of wars and witch-fires, nationalism
and colonization, reason and revolt, no Brujah can agree
with her clanmate on anything. For every Brujah who
supports the
For every Brujah who backs the Holy Roman Emperor,
another backs the nobles, and two more struggle to dispense
with both. For every Brujah who supports the Spanish,
another throws in with the Dutch.
Camarillaand Sabbat; autocrats, patliamentariansand proto-
democrats: all Brujah with the One True Path and a curse of
frenzy. The Brujah has long been a clan divided, and in the
Renaissance is a clan shattered.

nglish Crown, another champions the Scots

Iders and anarchs;

Brujah have followed the cultural explosion throughout
Europe, becoming passionately embroiled in civil and ecclesi-

al strife along the way. The recent Thirty Years' War
certainly provided a crucible for Brujah "debate." Though the
Brujah had little use for the Catholic/Protestant quarrel
(Damned is Damned), they were more than willing to ally
themselves with whichever contestant supported their secular
ideals. The rentpatchwork that callsitself Holy Roman Empire
provides mute testimony to the price of Brujah discord.

Followers of Set (Serpents)

The Serpents hiss contentedly in the Renaissance.
Learning has by no means decreased the prevalence of
corruption; it has only increased the options. Movable
type and woodcut blocks allow for mass-produced sedition
and pornography. Goods from the Orient and the New
World, sonecessary forstatus-consciouskine, travel through
Setite territory (and are so addictive once procured...).
The rise of a "leisure class" of wealthy, influential idle
allows Setites countless inroads into Europe's politics.

Furthermore, the Renaissance's increasingly mobile
mortal population only exacerbates Setite expansion. Setites
have infiltrated the Ottoman Empire, and are heavily in-
volved in the slave trade and the depredations of the Barbary
Corsairs. The increasing size of Europe's cities also allows den
after den of vice tosettle in the West's swelling urban bowels,

Blood and Fire

Gangrel (Betes)

The Gangrel continue their gradual decline. The pagen
gods, and the cultures that revered both them and the
Gangrel, are gone. Europe's forests relentlessly fall to settles'
axes, Even thestealthy Gangrel (now hindered by a Masquer

Je prized by urban vampires) find it difficult to escape the
notice of mortals —tosay nothingof Lupines, with whomthe
clan is nightly forced into bitter territorial conflicts.

Many Gangrel, angered by the Ventrue's unrespon-
siveness to their pleas for intervention, have gone Autarkis,
hiding among the Irish and Scots. From here these rogues
assist their Celtic herds in raiding the Ventrue's host stats.
Other Gangrel leave Europe entirely, seeking new unlives
in darkest Africa and the New World.

Giovanni (Necromancers)

The Giovanniare to the Renaissance what the Tremere
were to the Dark Ages. Insular and distrusted, the Giovanni
keep to themselves, as much out of discretion as necessity.
The memories of Cappadocius' diablerie remain fresh in the
minds of Europe's elders, and the war with the "Devil
Kindred" has only recently ceased.

From their Venetian lairs, the Giovanni work to de-
velop their necromantic arts. To this end they extend their
mercantile web into the lands of the Orient, seeking the
ancient secrets of their race. On a more mundane level, the
Giovanni are as involved as any in the burgeoning New
World trade; spices, gold, dyes and tobacco fill the colorless
crypts of the Giovanni's merchant loggias.

Lasombra (Corsairs)

The Lasombra have long been at war. Now formally
recognized as the Sabbat's leaders, the Lasombra have
turned from their courtly intrigues and chess games to more
overt and bloody sports. Itis difficult to say which aim they
purse more violently: the destruction of the Camarilla or
the extermination of their surviving antitribu.

This shift of focus has weakened the clan's influenceiin
the mortal world, much more than the clan would prefer.
Lasombra puppets, neglected by their masters, attempt to

erve their interests but with mixed results. And so Spain,
once the mightiest power in Europe, has begun a slow but
inexorable decline. Many Lasombra turn toward renewed
opportunity in the New World or involve themselves with
Dutch merchants and pirates.

Matkavian (Lunatics)

The Renaissance is a paradoxical time for the Lunatics
—not that they would have it any other way. The spread of
literature and philosophy allows many Malkavians a degree
of freedom heretofore denied them, but religious backlash
against this freedom is often savage. Certain communities
tolerate eccentricity and innovative thought; others put
eccentrics and innovators to the pyre.


Certainly the newly formed vampire sects provide
fertile soil for Malkavian insights (and pranks), and the
Renaissance's intricate web of secular and ecclesiastical
politics furnishes fodder for many amusing jests. Indeed,
Malkavians are vastly entertained by "enlightened
humanity's" manifold layers of political intrigue, but less
so by recent religious upheavals. (It's fun to tweak a
Puritan and play with his guilt like a little finger puppet,
but those Protestants are so dull!) Finally, Malkavians
take an interest in the Renaissance's medical develop-
ments, particularly those dealing with the study of
insanity. Recently formed lunatic asylums are hardly

Malkavian utopias, but do make irresistible playgrounds
and recruiting parlors

Nosferatu (Crawlers)

The pragmatic Nosferatu have made effective use of
the Renaissance's urban expansion. Protected by the
Camarilla's code, they flock to cities, disappearing amid
catacombs and cobbled alleys. In so doing they keep a
lower profile than before; many Ventrue and Toreador

believe the clan to be slowly dying out.

Nothing could be less accurate. Hidden by walls of
mortar and disbelief, the Crawlers (as they are now
called) have waxed stronger than ever. Ghettos and
tenements hide far more Nosferatu than the Camarilla's
ruling clans would credit, and the growing hordes of
urban poor provide ample prey.

The clan has begun to manifesta distinctly dark side:
Perhaps millennia of abuse have taken their toll; perhaps
the Nosferatu grow bold in their anonymity. In any
event, certain Crawlers have begun to display a hateful
and vindictive streak. Some have even begun to Embrace
mortals out of spite. The Nosferatu's inner Beasts in
creasingly reflect the horror of their exteriors; only time
will tell if the Crawlers can rein themselves in

Raynos (Gypsies)

Traveling with their Gypsy bands, the Ravnos criss-
cross the continent just as they did a millennium ago
The wars and machinations of the other clans mean little
to them, though they welcome any and all lucrative

opportunities that such turns of fortune present. The

Lupines and monsters of elder nights have diminished in
population, and the Ravnos fear few mortal highway

men, so they travel the roads in relative safety. The cities,

with their witch-burnings, are another matter,

Some Ravnos travel with commediadell'arte troupes,
towhich marks aplenty flock to be fleeced. Others settle
in cities, finding bands of organized criminals and rogues
to their liking. Wherever they stay, the Ravnos shrug off
the perils of witch-hunters and rival vampires much as

they always have — with a shrug, a smile and a laugh

Appendix

Toreador (Epicureans)

This time, more than any other era save Classical
C e, marks the heyday of the Toreador. With a firm
stranglehold on France, the Toreador is arguably the most

powerful clan in Europe. Michelangelo, DaVinci, Durer;
Shakespeare, Boccaccio, Spenser; the establishment of
France as Europe's cultural nexus; the reemergence of the

ater in England: these feats are as much a source of Toreador

vanity as the mirrors before which they preen themselves.
The benighted centuries are at last over, and the Toreador
can sit back and congratulate themselves on work well done.

Louis XIV, the Su

many ways represents the beginning of the clan's decline from

King, is the Toreador's darling, and in

spiritually motivated preservationism to self-serving narcissism.
The Toreadorape Louis' arrogance, and the hindsight-prone of
the clan will one night curse the hauteur that led to the
guillotine. For now, though, the spectre of revolution is long

distant, France reigns supreme, and the Toreador are content

Tremere (Warlocks)

The 17th century is also good to the Tremere. The clan's
membership in the Camarilla lends it an air of legitimacy; its

disreputable genesis is, if not forgotten, at least politely ignored
The ravages of the Tzimisce and Gangrel are largely behind the

Tremere. Indeed, the Fiends have assumed the status of bogey

men — threatening, but distant and disunited — while the

Gangrelarenow the Tremere'ssectmates (albeit reluctantones).

= G)

The Tremere eagerly explore both science and mag
finding their Thaumaturgical practices little hindered (and
often helped) by the rise of Reason. Under
Rosicrucianism, Masonry and other of the period's manifold
occult orders, the Warlocks hone and develop their rituals

he aegis of

and magical paths. Copernicus' and Kepler's discoveries lend
themselvesadmirably to Thaumaturgi
rise of universities and learned folk provides the Warlocks a

al cosmology, and the

deep pool from which to draw neonates

Tzimisce (Fiends)

Politically, the Tzimisce is a broken clan. Most of the
n's ancestral homeland is a battleground between Otto-
man Turksand imperial Hapsburgs. The Tzimisce themselves
are as Balkanized as their subjects, as Sabbat Fiends battle
Old Clan holdouts, while both sides war with Assamites,

Ventrue, Tremere, werewolves, m

yes and each other.

Though Tzimisce evoke respect in the Sabbat and terror in
the Camarilla, the glorious nights of the Old Country are a
fading memory

Not surprisingly, many Tzimisce have emigrated to
less turbulent lands, turning away from politicking to
focus their attention on the study of things scientific and
arcane. They have proved highly talented in these fields,

and the Sabbat has greatly benefited from

Tzimisce
research. Though all Sabbat clans assist in the develop.
enlightenment, much of the Paths'

ment of the Paths of

Blood and Fire


overall foundation lies in the work of the Tzimisce. It is
indeed ironic that many of the kine's scientific, medical
and philosophical advances have their roots in the stud-
ies of the clan least amicable to humanity

Yentrue (Royalists)

The Renaissance is a busy time for the Ventrue; on their
shoulders fall the twin burdens of safeguarding the Kindred in the
Camarilla and shepherding the kine through the period's tumul-
tuouspoliticalupheavals. Asfeudalismadisintegratesandnationalism
rises, Ventrue increasingly turn away from fiefs and baronies to
man helms of state and globe-spanning merchant empires.

Ventrue are of two minds about the Renaissance. On
one hand, the comfortable stability ofa centuries-old lifestyle
has been thrown into turmoil, justas it wasafter Rome's fall.
Old Ventrue aristocrats find their holdings worthless (what
is this prattle of "assets" and "credit"?), and occasionally
must contend with rapacious crowns if their ancestral de-
mesnes happen to fall within one or another of the recently
demarcated national boundaries.

On the other hand, Ventrue now have access to power
and wealth on a hitherto unimagined scale. Innovative
Ventrue welcome the solidarity of nationalism, and jockey for
control of parliaments, trade fleetsandarmies. Young Ventrue
inparticularrelish movingamongelegant, sophisticated (and
clean) courts and salons while simultaneously dismantling
their elders' stagnant, obsolete power structures.

Appendix Two:
Blood and Fire-
Running Live-
Action

Blood and Fire lends itself well to Live-Action gaming;
meetings with Sabbat elders and the Giovanni are excellent
opportunities to enact drama and passion. A gathering of
seasoned troupe players who want a break from the typical
modem cloak-and-lagger story may find Blood and Fire a
refreshingchange of pace, especially with the option toplay the
"alternate morality" of the Sabbat. White Wolf's Mind's Eye
Theatre offers a full line of game books that details a complete
Live-Action system for use with Blood and Fire. The Mas-
queradeand Antagonistsare themust-haves; The Masquerade
providesbasic system information, while Antagonists provides
rules for the Sabbat, from Creation Rites to Disciplines.

Thes Action game of Blood and
re may seem daunting even to an experienced Storyteller:
How to presenta story arc that ranges from Rome to Switzer-
land ro London's Great Fire? One suggestion might be to
spread the story out over a long weekend or to simply use the

Liv

cope ofevents ina

parts that appeal to you, altering the rest to fit your group's
needs. Another option, particularly if your group meets ona
regular basis, might be to present the acts one by one, and
consider the interim as time spent traveling. The latter idea
may also work best for Narrators or other Storyteller helpers
who would otherwise be forced to double or triple up on parts
to keep up with the story's non-player characters.

Certain events in the story may not work in Live-
Action (burning down a building to evoke the Great Fire of
London is not recommended! ). Feel free to modify the story
to make it work for you and your players.

Also keep in mind that Blood and Fire is a Black Dog
book, and as such is meant for mature, adult players and
Storytellers. Asa Storyteller book, Blood and Fire's options
and tools involve themes and ideas that are too intense for
immature players. By translating the story from tabletop to
Live-Action gaming, you move images and events from the
imagination and tabletop to the imagination and physical
world. It is very important in Live-Action that the Story-
teller be aided by mature players and assistants who are
aware of what they're getting into, whether events involve
apower-hungry ghoul ravaginga defenseless prostitute or an
antitribu killing a child. Read the material carefully, decide
which scenes may be too disturbing for you or your players,
and always follow the safety rules of Live-Action gaming

Above all, don't worry if everything in your Li
Action game doesn't run quite true to events in this book or
to lore in Vampire books such as The Players Guide to the
Sabbat. Who's to say what survives the passage of time from
the Renaissance to the modern World of Darkness? A
Sabbat game like this that's set in the past may never have
modern repercussions; or, a one-time, 1 7th-century charac-
ter may unwittingly deduce a crucial point about a Path of
Enlightenment thataffects the future. Ultimately, relax and
let the story guide you. Keep a loose hand on the reins,
tightening only when things are in danger of going stray
and remember that your players may surprise you.

Rules for Live-Action

A few basic rules should be followed when enacting
Blood And Fire, to ensure a safe, smooth-running game,
Safety should always be a primary concern.

e-

* Don't Touch: A player should neverstrike or grapple
with another player. Combat is decided by the game system
Ifthings get too rowdy, the Storytellershould call fora time
out toallow fora cool-down or to remind players of the rules.
Repeat offenders should be asked to leave or the action
should be returned to the table.

© No Weapons: While swords and daggers add to the
atmosphere and are certainly part of the story, they should
never be used in Live-Action. No real w
should be brought toa game. Prop weaponsshould notbe used
ifthey must touch a player tobe effective orcould be mistaken
for the real thing. Use note cards that list appropri

apons of any sort

Appendix


* Playing Area: Play in your own home or in a
private area. Make certain that everyone else in the
area understands what you are doing; confused janitors
can tell some very wild tales when they don't know
what's going on. Never play where your actions may
by. You may wish to call for
time-outs when nongamers walk through your area,

confuse or frighten passer

and prepare to explain what you're doing (out of
character) if someone asks.

* Know When to Stop: When the Storyteller or a
Narrator calls for a time-out, all action stops immedi-
ately. During Live-Action, the Storyteller's word is final.

Dressing the Stage

Some players may worry about adequate costuming
for the 17th century. While costumes certainly enhance
the mood of the story, don't fret if you can't find the

perfect period suit or gown. Many vampires tend to dr

anachronistically, choosing whatever feels comfortable
or what they're most accustomed to. Having seen so
much of the fashion parade already, many vampires
choose to ignore it. Conversely, if you're a costume
maven, feel free to go hog-wild, Portraits of the period
give some very good ideas

On Renai:
halls of ston
of Rome, di

ance nights, especially within tomblike

be they in monasteries or the catacombs

ness is palpable, a thing dispersed only by

A face,

no matter how familiar, suddenly becomes a stranger

t cast by a candle or torch.

the faint circle of |

and a familiar setting is altered enough to make you
uneasy. Light, or the lack of it, can significantly en-
hance mood to new heights, especially if that light is
suddenly extinguished. If you choose to play with candles,
make certain that they're placed where they can't brush
against clothing or hair, or be knocked over.

To enhance certain settings (for example, if ch
acters visit Mario Giovanni or Lady Melisande),
consider draping the furniture with

tapestry- or
brocadelike fabrics, setting out goblets and dimming
the lights. Even small touches, such as covering the

uflaging the fish tank

table with a cloth or camo

long way toward helping players feel like a part of the
story. The transformation of a familiar place intc
someplace alien is sometimes all that's needed to make
the mental jump from player to character

A variety of period music can also be used to
heighten the mood. Unaccompanied Gregorian chants
or Ladymasses would be appropriate in scenes set in
the Black Monastery or the catacombs of the Vatican
The Anonymous Four, "Chant" and "Chant II" by the
Benedictine Monks of Santo Dominge de Silos should
be widely available. Soundtrack music from various
movies is also invaluable for a little scene setting.

Soundtrack music is specifically written to underscore

Blood and Fire


scenes, set tone and, above all, be unobtrusive. Su
gested soundtracks include: Mary Shelley' s Frankenstein,
m Stoker's Dracula, Paperhouse, The Serpent and the
bow, Henry V, Interview With the Vampire and

Dangerous Liaisons. You may have your own favorites
to add to the list
Although it's not historically accurate, the evoca-

od

tive, baroque music of Orff's Carmina Burana is 2
choice to score your drama. Lute music or unaccompa
nied keyboard scores (such as harpsichord) are good
choices. Lastly, an old vampire may decide that nothing
is better than the music of her early nights, which may be
anything from the medieval period onward

Troubleshooting

Sometimes, despite the Storyteller's best efforts,

gets off track, whether by players getting

caught up in roleplaying or by missing obvious clues laid

out on the livi ction provides a
number of places to apply a little gentle pressure to get

things moving again, whether in the form of messen-

gers, servants listening at doors or vampires with their

own motives. As a wise Storyteller once noted, "If you

want to make sure the players find out something, tell
them three different ways, in three different places, in

three different silly accents."

Hand of Fate (a.
Plot Hammer)

What follows are some hints for keeping the ac
tion moving, particularly in Act Il when things are
most likely to break down

re The

Conversational Gambits

Be aware that not all characters
ountersall the time. What happens when

be engaged in

one-on-on
the talk |
teller informs the troupe, "Amu
care of this?" The scenarios discussed below provide
jumping-off points for other roleplaying when characters

things get off to a slow start, or the Story-

e yourselves while I take

aren't involved in major encounters
Remember that in Blood and Fire the characters

intércupe' eldereswhiolarespolng:abour-their

frequ
business. While the elders frequently entertain, they still
work on their Paths when possible. Library research has
its place, but the most success they have toward master-
ing their Paths can be gained through conversation

discussion of the endless possibilities and implications of

everything — and conversation can be conducted with
any characters who aren't preoccupied. Talk can be
staged just about anywhere and over almost any activity,
whether a game of chess, a hunt or a lute performance

Appendix


Blood and Fire

ASF

Don't worty if the characters (or the elders) go off on
wild tangents about Paths. All projects go through stages
oration is an
Storyteller may

nd el
The

want to step in, however, if discussion wanders too far

of winnowing wheat from chaff,

excellent way to delve into person:

from harrowing or if debates grow too heated. On the
other hand, an elder with great oratory skills may find
herself with new converts.

* Lord Alexandre and Master Frazier get into a
heated discussion concerning honor, liberally interspers-
ing their debate with quotations from pieces such as
Falstaff's "Cé

* Melisande

pleasure first.'

in honor set a |

speech.

states, "The poet says, ‘The heart asks
pleasure a luxury or a necessity

* Vadislava speaks up: "If you had to choose your
death, how would you choose to die? Why? What is so
much better about that way than another?"

* From Theron: "Who determines madness? What
if all sense was really just madness?" He probably
argues from three sides and lets the characters follow

along for the ride.

* Julian starts baiting Meridie, claiming that she
has no right to call herself a lady and a Brujah in the
same breath, attempting to goad her into losing her
temper. Lord Alexandre, Master Frazi
leap to Meridie's defense, while Veradis and Theron
throw in with Julian

rand Melisande

© Veradis begins, "Inall your fancy talk, you leave no
room for Caine. How can there not be room? Do you
indeed respect the Father? How?"

Sabbat Games and Ritae

The Renaissance is a busy time for a new sect. The
Sabbat games and the Auctoritas and Ignoblis Ritae are
created at approximately the same time as the Paths. All
in all, this is when the Sabbat goes through its greatest
change, growth and development from a bunch of rabble
playing at anarchy to a true sect with ideals, ethics and

customs of its own

The Vaulderie is practiced on a regular basis by the
k formed at the enclave, and the "Fox
d as a proto-game, although

temporary p:
Hunt" episode is intend
there could be others. Depending on how involved the
Storyteller wishes to make time spent at the enclave,
certain games like "Dueling With the Enemy,"
"Freeplay," "Spirit Games" and "Fox Hunt" (see The
Players Guide to the Sabbat for more) could be staged
by the Sabbat as a means of building community and
blowing off steam. Other games may also be created and
discarded as particular periods of history pass.

Of the rituals, most are intended as parodies of the
Catholic Church, but with the intent to build commu-
nity. Other rituals like Blessings, Calls to Caine or
Visionquests may be incorporated as well.


Non-Sabbat vampires (Meridie, Master Frazier and
Intisar) do not participate in such events as the Vaulderie for
obvious reasons. The lines between Camarilla and Sabbatare
still a little blurred, though, so they might join in Calls to
Caine or games less fatal to humans, as a means of cementing
the community and giving meaning to their purpose. The
characters are free to play or not, although it should be noted
that characters who join in the games or are invited into
ure of respect in the eyes of their hosts.

rituals gain a mea

Food for Thought

After talk has gone round and round, and at least one
character has been through a "harrowing," they may find
themselves with questions about the Sabbat, their unl
and their very selves. "Inner self" voyages may be neces-
sary, and would make possible some intense roleplaying.
Character may seek advice from particular elders or
confide in characters they trust. The Storyteller has a
number of options to ensure that the characters don't
miss this golden opportunity

* Run such episodes in troupe-style play, partic
larly if a number of players have harrowing questions.

ves

* "Blue-book" sessions for those who keep diary en-
tries in character. So named for college exam books, these
sessions afford players who would wrestle their demons out
on paper a chance to "roleplay" on a different level

© Ifa character wants to work things out in her own
mind, consider playing or having a troupe member play a
spiritual Devil's Advocate.

Notes for Troupe Play in "Food for
Thought"

Meridie de Chancie — Socratic question-for-question
method. Lets characters work things out on their own, but
helps turn the gristmill.

Master Frazier —Lays the choices out on the table and
says, "Pick one." Having lived on both sides of the fence, his
insight into how both lifestyles work may be invaluab

Lord Mendel —Frequently quotes texts thatplay Devil's
Advocate to characters' choices, to test their convictions

Haakon Mortensen — Lets the characters say their
piece all the way through and then makes them explain
themselves by saying, "I don't understand," or "Tell me
why," forcing characters to come to their own conclusions
about their beliefs

Julian Sanders — After listening, he usually responds,
"So what's the problem? Just do it." Action-oriented, talk-
is-for-bored-elders sort of advocat

Lady Melisande — May act bored during conversa-
tions, but actually observes reactions and listens to voices.
Based on what she notices, she cuts to the heart of the
matter and encourages characters to follow their hearts
in true romantic fashion.

Lady Intisar — She carefully picks away at any
argument, whatever the side or decision, with a few "Oh,
is that so?" or "Do you really think so?" comments. The
idea is to wear down both argument and person. (She
thinks: "Just how committed is she to this argument? If I
can take her down here, what will she do later?")
Veradis — Just listens...and listens...
without offering much, if any, conversation. She may
occupy herself while listening by flipping a dagger be-
tween her hands. Sometimes the best sounding board is
one who doesn't sound off. If her companions show any
sign of doubt in their convictions, she argues with them
on the grounds that her course is the truest to Hassam's
original teachings. "Whom do you obey — your founder

and listens

or your masters?"

Lord Theron — Theron is as jumpy as a jackrab-
bit. He seems to change sides, perspectives and voices
like clothing, encouraging characters and then dispar-
aging them

Lord Alexandre — He uses Socratic examination,
to direct the conversation to

but inserts his own log
his benefit. If his chosen harrowing comes to him, he
kes references back to the event.

Lady Vadislava — In most cases she maintains the
attitude, "If I only listen, they will go away." Where
clanmates are concerned, however, especially ones who
lack vision, she pulls out all stops to bring them back
"into the fold."

Markus Gryzbowsky — Responds by describing
his own introduction to the Sabbat (midway through
the Sabbat-Camarilla war), and compares the benefits
of the Sabbat and Camarilla.

On the whole, the rule of thumb with the Sabba
freedom, and the characters must ultimately make their
own decisions about how they live their unlives, which
the elders remind them. A Sabbat made unwillingly is
no good to the sect right now, but once the decision to
join is made, it's made and there's no turning back

The New Sabbat

Sometimes the unthinkable comes true anda char-
acter decides to convert to the Sabbat. The Mind's
Eye Theatre supplement Antagonists contains all the
necessary information and systems for the Sabbat Cre-
ation Rites, which can be staged in-game. If the
Storyteller believes the Creation Rites would disrupt
the flow of the game, the Sabbat can choose to delay
the ritual. They suggest that the initiate finish his
before crossing

ma

is

mission or take care of any last busin
over. Tying up loose ends would certainly add a degree
of urgency to events while the would-be antitribu's

group travels to London.

Appendix

Appendix Three:
Necromancy and
Wraiths

Clan Giovanni specializes in binding and commanding
the spirits of the dead. Understandably, a vast majority of
ghosts object most strenuously to this sort of treatment, and
do anything in their considerable power to avoid it. Thus,
theuse of Necromancy isnot quitesosimpleas the Giovanni
would have other Kindred believe.

What follows is an integration of the Necromancy
Discipline rules with the rules of Wraith: The Oblivion,
detailing how the Discipline grants power over the Restless
Dead — and what wraiths can do to fight back.

Level One: Insight
This use of the Discipline does not require contact with
a wraith, being more akin to a specialized usage of the
Auspex skill Psychometry.

Level Two: Summon Spirit

Summon Spitit allows a Necromancer to call a wraith
back from the Underworld in order to converse. In order to
perform thisfeat, the Giovanni must meet certain conditions:

© The Necromancer must know the name of the wraith
in question, though an image of the wraith obtained via
Psychometry will suffice.

© There must be an object in the vampire's presence
with which the wraith had some contact in life. Ifthe object
is a Fetter of the wraith's, the chances for success in the
summoning increase dramatically.

Certain types of spirits cannot be summoned with this
power. Vampires who achieved Golconda before Final
Death, or who were diablerized are beyond the reach of this
summons. Likewise, Domems (wraiths who no longer have
any Fetters), wraiths who have achieved Transcendence,
and those wraiths who have been devoured by Oblivion
can't be summoned. Spectres who maintain Fetters can be
called back this way, but those without Fetters do not hear
the call over the tumult of the Tempest

System: To use Summon Spirit, the vampire must roll
Perception + Occult (difficulty equal to the wraith's Will-
power). Ifthe object that the Necromancer uses as the focus
for the summoning is a Fetter of the wraith's, the difficulty
of the roll is reduced by the rating of the Fetter. The number
of successes on the roll indicates how successful the sum-

moning is and how long the summoned wraith remains in
the vicinity of her summoner. Summoned ghosts are visible
and audible to the vampire who summons them, and remain
so until the time that the summoning wears off. Wraiths
who wish to be summoned can voluntarily appear

Blood and Fire

For each question the vampire asks the summoned
spirit, the Storyteller should roll one die (difficulty 5) per
summoning success. At least one success is needed on this
second roll in order to keep the wraith around long enough
to answer the question.

If a vampire botches a summoning roll, she calls
forth a Doppelganger instead. See Dark Reflection:
Spectres for more information on Doppelgangers and
their abilities.

Level Three: Compel

When used properly, Compel permits a vampire to
command a wraith to do his bidding. When used improp-
etly, it can be perilous for vampire and wraith alike.

System: In order to Compel a wraith, the vampire
must first successfully Summon it. Before the wraith has
left the scene of the summoning, the vampire must roll
Manipulation + Occult (difficulty equal to the target's
Willpower). The wraith can spend Pathos to combat the
compulsion; each point of Pathos spent increases the
vampire's difficulty by one. However, the vampire is free
to attempt to Compel a wraith multiple times during a
single summoning. Furthermore, having a Fetter of the
wraith's in the immediate vicinity makes the vampire's

described above.

job easier, as

For each success the Necromancer achieves on the
Manipulation + Occult roll, she achieves a greater
degree of control over the wraith. The breakdown is as
follows:

Botch: The wraith immediately undergoes a Ca-
tharsis roll. No matter which personality emerges, she
henceforth does everything in her power to destroy the
Necromancer. Most wraiths simply attack at once, but
others return to their Haunts to plan long-term ven-
geance. If a botch is rolled on an attempt to Compel,
the wraith is of course free to go, and the summoning
is considered to have ended.

Failure: The compulsion of the summoning ends and
the wraith is free to leave, Many wraiths take the opportu
nity to assault their would-be masters on the way out.

: The wraith is forced to remain in the
creature without the

One suc!
vicinity and not attack any
Necromancer's consent

Two successes: The wraith is bound to remain and
answer truthfully any questions asked of it, though the
questions had best be phrased carefully.

Three successes: The wraith is forced to remain and
answer truthfully any questions, without evasion or omission.

Four successes: The wraith must remain, answering
truthfully any questions asked of it. It must also perform
any services commanded by its new master, though itis
bound only by the letter of the command, not the spit.

Fives

cesses

The wraith is trapped, obeying thespirit
commands to the best of its ability.

of the vampire'

Compel holds a wraith for one hour per success rolled. If
the vampire wishes, she can expend a temporary Willpower
point and keep the wraith under a compulsion for an extra
day. The expenditure of a permanent point of Willpower on
the vampire's part will bind the wraith for a year and a day.
Note: Wraiths who are summoned and bound are still
within the Shadowlands, and may be forcibly removed from
thescene of their summoning by other wraiths. However, if
bound or summoned the wraith does his best to remain until
his service to the vampire is completed. Wraiths who are
bound through Compel and who are subsequently
ghostnapped immediately undergo a Harrowing

Level Four: Haunting

This power functions in a way similar to Stygian chains.
Specifically, it removes a wraith's ability to use the Arcanos
Atgos, tying her to the Shadowlands. Even worse, the
wraith is no longer able to enter the T
a Byway. Nihils close in front of her, Byways vanish, and
paths to Stygia can no longer be found. In addition, for the
duration of the Haunting the Necromancer suddenly be-
comes a Fetter (rating of 3) for the wraith, with all of the
appropriate die bonuses that designation entails.

mpest or set foot on

System: The vampire rolls Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty is the target's Willpower if she resists; otherwise
it's 4) with any Fetter bonus added. A botch immediately
opens a Nihil and drops the wraith into the Tempest, while
each success ties the wraith to the Shadowlands (and the
Necromancer) for a day.

Level Five: Soul Stealing

This power affects the living, not the dead. It does,
however, temporarily tuma living soul intoasort-of wraith
A mortal exiled from his body by this power becomes a
wraith with one Fetter of rating 5: his now-empty body. A
body without a spirit begins to deteriorate along the lines
laid out in the Puppetry art Obliterate the Soul. Further-
more, theactofremovingasoul froma living body duplicates
the Phantasm art Agon, and a botch has similar results. For
more information on the effects of removing a soul from a
living body, see Guildbook: Sandmen.

Level Six: Zombie

The use of this power requires that the vampire have a
Drone available to insert into the corpse to be reanimated
For more information on Drones, see below.

System: In order to create a zombie, the vampire must
locate both acorpse not more than 8 hours dead anda Drone
with which to animate the body. He then rolls Manipula-
tion + Occult (difficulty 6); the number ofsuccess
to how well the zombie's body holds together. The zombie
functions as long as it's fed a Blood Point per day, but must
be given explicit orders to perform actions. Relying on a
zombie to understand the meaning of an intricate command
isa fool's errand,

escorrelates

Appendix


Zombies have one more point in both Strength and
Stamina than did the bodies they inhabite
nd, zombies' Dexterity scores are reduced to | at

life. On the

Level Seyen: Torment

the use of this power thatelder Necroman-
ntially

Itis thro

to behave — or else. Esse

cers convince bound spi

Torment allows the vampire to strike a wraith as if the
immortal himself were in the Shadowlands, inflicting dam-
he wraith's Corpus; the ghost can't escape by going
incorporeal. The vampire remains in the Skinlands, how

age

ever, and cannot be struck in return by the wraith

System: The vampire rolls Stamina + Empathy (diffi
culty is the wraith's Willpower
inflicts a level of non-z
n. Shout
falls

 Harrowin:

with Fetter bonuses in

effect). Each succes avated

the wraith be reduced

Corpusdamage on the wr

10 a Harrowing.

to zero Corpus, it immed

instead of

Should the wraith survive

returned toa Fetterit finds itselfin the Tempest, barred from

the Skinlands for a week.

Level Eight: Soul Exchange

Soul

or souls

of two bodies. This has an extremely detrimental
effect on the souls, frequently driving the victims mad if

es. The effect is similar to

they are exchanged multiple ti

that of the Phantasm art Supplant

Human souls can be swapped into animal bodies and

vice versa, but this increases the difficulty of the roll by one.

Level Nine: Possession

Possession lets a vampire insert a wraith into a freshly
1 body and inhabit it for the duration. This does not
restion a Risen: Its Shadow remains

make the wraith in

firmly in its consciousness, and the body it possesses still rots

irreversibly in the space ofa week. The wraith can, of course,
leave the borrowed body whenever it wishes, but cannot

reenter that shell ever again

0 more than 30

in question must be

System: The bo
minutes dead and the wraith must agree to inhabit it. OF
course, most wraiths would jump at the chance, assuming
Dictum

don for violating th

they be assured of a pa

Mortuum. Should the vampire, for whatever reason, wishto
insert a wraith into another vampire's corpse, the Necro-
mancer must achieve five successes on a resisted Willpower
roll with the original owner of the body or the wraith is

ied entrance.

Level Ten: Death Pact

The Death Pact, in a perverse way, is the one surefire
way to ensure existence beyond the grave. By writinga note

(in conjunction with the Necromancer, of course) promis:
ith a drop of his
ath he will become

ing postmortem service and sealing it

blood, a mortal ensures that upon his d

a wraith and serve the vampire to the best of his ability

Blood and Fire


System: When the pact is drafted, the vampire rolls
(difficulty 6). The number of suc-
cesses indicates the number of times the wraith created by
the Pact can be called upon without resorting to Spirit
Summoning or Compel.

Immediately upon death, a mortal who has signed a
Death Pact becomes a wraith with two five-point Fetters:
the vampire who created the pact, and the pact itself. Once
the wraith's service to the vampire is discharged, his Lifeweb
is rearranged; vampire and pact cease to serve as Fetters,
while those people, places or things that would normally
have served as Fetters upon death assume their proper roles.

Intelligence + Occult

Botching a Death Pact roll creates a Mortwight instead
ofa wraith, and the newly fledged Spectre targets the creator
vampire for vengeance.

Drones

Drones are mindless, insentient wraiths with no will or
personality. If they can be found, they can be Compelled or
made the target of Hauntings at a difficulty of 2, and can be
bound for a year and a day with just the investment of a
temporary point of Willpower. Of course, the tricky part is

finding Drones before ghostly Reapers do.

Appendix


|

Tihe Masqeeradie — Gawencron-

A

MN

Slog
tC

Continuing the saga begun in The Last Supper,
Blood and Fire embroils the characters in a deadly
struggle against the nasce yanni é
Its members, foul necromanc: seek nothing less
than apotheosis. Only the characters have a chance
to thwart Giovanni's schemes and prevent the
clan from ascending to rulership over all existence.

© Immerse your characters
in the turbulent era of the Renaiss¢
—and avoid the witchpyres in thie progess.
® Foil the schemes of the diabolical Sabbat
— or assist them with the creation
of their Paths of Enlightenment!
® Discover the most ancient magic
of the Cappadocians
— and attempt to avoid its deadly touch.

GIOVANNI CHRONICLES II

PIRE

FoR ADULTS ONLY
