# File: Giovanni Chronicles IV - Nuova Malattia.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

GAME FACTORY
Fo Anuuts Onur


Giovanni Chronicles IV:

Nuova Malattia.

By HEATHER GrovE
AND MattrHew McFarianp


Creprirs
‘Authors: Heather Grove and Matthew McFarland

Developer: Justin R. Achilli, Archnemesis of
Internet Whiners

Editor: Ronni Radner
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney

AutHor's ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Heather Grove: Without my mother's encourage-
ment and contribution toward the spiffy keyboard, my
hands would have died long before this book was
finished. Thanks, Mom! Thanks also to Rich Dansky,
who got me into this mess (and so many others). |
especially wish to thank Jefftey Howard, whose inspira-

tion, encouragement and love in the face of things

going wrong kept me writing, and ultimately resulted in
half of thts book.

Interior Art: Mike Danza, Michael Gaydos,
Vince Locke, Drew Tucker

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

©1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc.All rights reserved. Repro-
735 PARK NORTH BLYD, duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and or blank character
sheets. which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascen-
CLURKSTON, GA 30021 sion and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc.All rightsteserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
USA the Oblivion. Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West.
Trinity, Giovanni Chronicles IV Nuova Malattia, Guide to the
Sabbat, Dark Colony, The Last Supper, Blood and Fire, The Sun Has
Set, Black Dog Game Factory, Clanbook Giovanni, Kindred of the
Eastand Ghouls Fatal Addiction are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing. Inc. Allrights reserved. Allcharacters. names.
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
‘Themention of or reference toany company orproductin thee pagesisnota challenge tothe tademark or copyright concemed.
‘Thisbook uses the supernatural for settings characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elementsare fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion ie advised.
Check out White Wolf online at

hutp//www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec. games frp storyteller
PRINTED IN USA.

Came STUDIO


Giovanni Chronicles IV:

Nuova Malattia.



For heAVens Sake cAtch Me BeFore I Kill More I cannot control myselF

Weitt
William Heirens

This the fourth
Chronicles. This epil The Last
Supper, Blood and Fire and The Sun Has Set, and allows
playerstoexpertence the more recent history olan Giovanni
from the inside

nd final installment of the Giovanni

Judes the events

That's right — in the final installment, the players will
play the elders they have worked sohard to beiny
wer the centuries, but Giov
World of Darkness

charactersinstead

»powet
the

things, looky

om the bott

omuponce again. The ekler
ts, not in the sense that they
directly and physically oppose the new characters (which
would make for a quick fight), but in the sense that they act
2s foils to the new characters.

as opp

So, the question is, why now! After nearly 600 years of

being told that their characters would play a great part in the

ona murder victim's wall (inher own lipstick) by serial killer

anni, why is the

development and destiny of Clan Gi

viewpoint suddenly being shifted ac

Well, fora number
of elders is difficult

manage, just because ofthe way elder
nd to function, Ol vampires worth their salt
rarely take a direct hand in things, p

fering instead to pull

strings and use underlings to accomplish their ends. This
approach, while fascinating to consider, makes for difficult
ul fractious roleplaying, not to mention that a "coterie" of
det vampires is unlikely. The shift in character allows for a
re hands-on

for these characters than for the elders (the destruction of the
Shroud and the Apoth

Another reason
released in 1995. F

is notwit

anding).

pe he Last Supper was

ny number of reasons, the #1

nowucnon

5

whose characters began as neonates in 1444 may not be
the same as the one that began as ancillae in 1666, of as
elders in 1848. This approach allows a Storyteller to begin
with an entirely new troupe, if necessary, or a mix of old
and new players.

‘The final reason for thischange s that it forces the players
todivensfy the type of characters they make. Ifa player created
«charismatic Sette character who achieves his ends by infil-
trating religious institutions, and then triesthe same thing with,
his new character, the Setite is going to be much more
practiced, and will probably keep an eye on the local churches,
tw boot. The players must construct characters with new
methods and ideas, lest elders who are undoubtedly theit
betters at traditional power games beat them.

Wuat Has
Gone Berore

For the benefit of those who have not played the first
three titles in the Giovanni Chronicles, a (very) brief synop-
sis follows.

‘The Last Supper: In Italy, in 1444, 13 people receive
invitations to the home of Claudius Giovanni, a wealthy
Venetian merchant. While there, they discover that theit
‘host and his 12 guests are vampires, and that instead of being

treated to dinner, the "guests" are meant to be dinner. This
sadistic meal ends when the Founders of the Camarilla
attack, forcing the vampires (known as the Conspiracy of
Isaac) to flee. First, however, they hastily Embrace theit
hapless guests nee vessels, in hopes that they may delay the
Founders. Not all of the fledglings survive the night (which
cones do depends on the Storyteller's sense of drama; the
process of creating such characters is detailed below), but one
‘who does is Marianna, the intended meal and bastard childe
of Claudius Giovanni.

(Note that ifthe players actually partook in The Last
‘Supper, their characters wouldhave survived. The Storytellee's
fiat applies only to chronicles in which the troupe had no part
in earlier chapters of the Giovanni Chronicles.)

‘While in the Founders' custody, the Conspiracy'schilder
receive a visit from Durga Syn, an elder Ravnos with powers
‘of divination. She reveals that the vampires, known as the
‘Children of Isaac, have a great role to play in the story ofthe
Necromancers, and they must be allowed to do s0.
Hardestadt, « Ventruc elder and leader of the Founders,
«declares then that the hapless childer shall be used to expose
and destroy the Conspiracy of Isaac and, should they fail,
they will die with their sires.

The aforementioned conspirators mean to destroy
the Cappadocian clan and toestablish Augustus Giovanni
asa new Antediluvian, Despite the fledglings' best ef-
forts, however (or because of them, as they may have
chosen to throw in with their sires), Cappadoctus dies at

Augustus' hands. The Giovanni family, in the ensuing
years, destroys most of its parent clan, becoming in itself
a clan in the true sense of the word. The Founders take
the Conspirators of Isaac into custody (where they may
very well remain to this night*). The Children of Isaac
are left to fate, to do as they will.

Blood and Fire: Over two centuries after The Last
Supper, the Founders summon the Children of Isaac and
change them with a new responsibility. They have discovered
the Giovanni plan, using magics and theory advanced by
‘Cappadocius himself, to somehow diablerize God. This pro-
cess, called the Apotheosis, has prompted the theft of books
from the Vatican. It is during their investigation in Rome
that the children. now ancillae or elders themselves, first
learn a name that will plague them for years thereafter:
Ambrogino Giovanni. He has stolen clues to an ancient
‘Chaldean text known as the Sargon Fragment.

Following Ambeogino's trail to the Swiss Alps, the
‘coterie meets and converses with members of the newly
formed Sabbat, and helps to cement the ideological theories
thar become the Paths of Enlightenment. Some ofthe vam
pires may have elected, then or later, to join the Sabbat. In
any case, Ambrogino has already departed, but the Children
of Isaac learn his destination from Marianna, who is also
hunting Ambrogino.

The vampires follow the trail to London, where they
discover that they are not the only parties looking for the
Sargon Fragment. They are attacked first at sea by a pirate ship
‘commissioned by the Giovanni, and then on land in broad
daylight. This attack, perpetrated by Egyptian ghouls, costs
the life of Lester Vance, a Tremere archon. All of this is later
reported to Mithras, the Prince of London; to Valerius, his
chamberlain; and to Violeta, the Toreador justicar and
childe of the Prince of Paris.

During the course of the investigations, the coterie
finds its way to a Sabbat Tremere named Andre Mallotte.
He tells the Children of Isaac litle, but is in fact being
used by the Giovanni to translate the Sargon Fragment.
However, he overestimates his own control of the power
and incinerates himself and a large portion of London in
the Great Fite of 1666.

‘The Sun Has Set: Now powerful ehlers, dhe Children of
Isaac follow tales of Giovanni activity back to London, and
are witness to a Sabbat attack on the Camarilla. The attack,
however, sa cover-up for Ambrogino's own interest; he still
wishes wo obtain the vext that eluded him in 1666: the Sargon
Fragment.

‘The coterie discovers a letter in a tomb beneath Prince
Mithras' haven; the prince himselfhas gone missing. Valerius
‘sits as a temporary prince, and can give little useful mforma-
tion about the tomb. However, the leter gives the location
‘of another copy of the Sargon Fragment — Egypt.

Ambrogino learns this as well, and dispatches Giovanni
agents to Egypt to obtain the document. The Children of

‘Nuown ALATA


Isaac, however, are hot on the Necromancers' trail, as is
Marianna, who has mounted a continuing vendetta against
the Giovanni since her Embrace. In the sands of Egypt, the
(Children of saac are tested by the terain and by the Seties,
asare the Giovanni, but eventually end up finding the tomb,
and two stone tablets that contain the Sargon Fragment. The
‘tomb also contains the body of Claudius Giovanni, with
enough blood left to lower the generation of one ot more of
the vampires present.

This chapter of the Giovanni Chronicles may have
ended in any number of ways. The Giovanni may have
captured the Sargon Fragment (and the true tome of power,
the Anethexeton), or the Sabbat, the Camarilla, the Setites or
‘one of the Children of Isaac may have it. Marianna may also
have smashed the tablets. Ifthe Storyteller plans to introduce
Nuova Malattia as the fourth installment in the series, she
should read through the first three books and review exactly
how those sessions concluded. Ifthe toplay this
parol the Giovanni Chroiles ass sandoalon ge, the
above synopsis should provide sufficient information.

THENAND Now

‘The Sun Has Set ended in 1888, while this book begins
in 1929. Several events have oceurred in the interim (and
earlier) that come into play in this book.

Cappapocius

The Antediluvian who originally intended to bring
Heaven to Earth under his rule was forced into the
Shadowlands in 1444. Although Augustus committed
diablerie upon him, the interference of the Children of Isaac
made the Amaranth incomplete. He existed as a ghost for
years, watching the world change, and not involving himself
directly in the affairs of his childer. He had met his end as a
martyr, and chose to remain one.

As the years passed and he watched his progeny die, he
sgrew angry. He ignored this, however, trying desperately tobe
the enlightened individual he had been in unlife. He also
believed that someday he would have achance torest forever,
as the Malkavian Founder Camilla Banes prophesied in
Blood and Fire.

Saaly, this was not to be.

La MaprRINo Tempesta

‘On August 6. 1945. the United States dropped an
atomic bomb code-named *Little Boy" on the Japanese city
of Hiroshima. As devastating as this act was in the physical
world, italsohad far-reaching effects in the realm ofthe dead.

The Shadowlands, which is what wraiths call the dismal
realm in which they reside, is prone to horrific storms called
Maelstroms. These storms usually reflect some violent oceur-
rencein the living world (orthe Skinlands, in wraith parlance),

and sometimes sich an occurrence is 30 cataclysmic it pro:

duces a Great Maelstrom. These soulstorms are so devastat-
ing and cause such chaos in the Shadowlands that the dead
set time by them. The Fourth Maelstrom occurred during the
First World War. Wraiths at the time thought they had seen
the worst of human atrocity. They were terribly wrong.

Little Boy fell on Hiroshima, and La Madrino Tempesta
("the Mother of the Tempest") exploded actoss the
Shadowlands. The chaos it caused never really subsided and,
even in modem nights, the Shadowlands aren't quite safe.
This causes some consternation tothe Giovanni, who relyon
wraiths quite heavily, but caused even mote to Cappadocius.

‘Cappadocius had a chance to transcend this woeld and.
the Underworld but La Madrino Tempesta robbed him of the
chance. Italso drove his mind. already unstable by cencies
of waiting and inaction, into an inescapable frenzy. Blown
into the depths of the tempest by the storm, he emerges in
1998 with only one thought — revenge.

Even hefore he returns, the players' characters should
feel the storm's effects. If the troupe plans on playing down-
time sessions between acts, Necromancy might get more
difficult to wse in the months after Hiroshima (reflected by a
temporary increase in difficulty), Pethaps the characters hear
rumors of a fellow Giovanni who braved the storm and has
not been heard from since. Perhaps they must strain to hear
any wraiths with which they speak because ofthe storm

Supportinc Cast

The following isa list of important characters, all of
‘whom appear in this book. Some characters were introduced
inthe other Giovanni Chronicles; some make their first (and
possibly last) appearance here. This list is given as a quick
introduction; more complete information, including Traits,
where applicable, is given in Chapter Five.

THe GIOVANNI

Ambrogino Giovanni: The powerful Necromancer does
not appear in this book, although hic grandchilde, Andreas,
is a major figure. Although he bears a special groxige in his
tunbeating heart for the Children of Isaac, he has more
important things to do in the modem nights. For more
information. see Children of the Night

‘Andreas Giovanni: The head of Giovanni operations in
Boston, Andreasis seductive, pragmatic and utterly ruthless

A supporter of psychology before the practice was invented,
hhe Blood Bonds and Embraces the characters for experiments

as much as for assets to the clan. For all his study and
knowledge of the human (and vampiric) mind, he is not as
strong as he pretends; if he survives Act III, he is paranoid
almost to the point of incapacity in Act IV.

Francis Milliner: Andreas Embraces Francis Milliner in
1954, Prior to this, however, Milliner was a partner at
‘Columbia Trust Bank, with Joseph Kennedy. Francis was
blatantly passed over for promotion at the bank in favor of

‘benooucnon


Ne

Joe, and began an association with Andreas Giovanni. Francis
isasuperbfinancier, bt much more interested in money than
power. This is another reason Andreas likes him so much; he
poses no threat to Andreas' seat of power. Francis is not
wholly driven by greed, however; his grudge against the
ly lasts to the modem nights.
iner: Francis' nephew Jason is Embraced
, an ambitious and intelligent member of the
family. Unlike his Uncle Francis, he wants power, and
may come into competition with the characters for st
within the clan

Domenic Giovanni: A rising member of the farily
Domenic is nevertheless stripped of his station in Act IL
Fmbraced in 1959, he blames the charactors for hi disgrace
and planshis revenge on them. Although they won't know it
at the time, the characters later share the stigma of disgrace
and Domenic will be there to enjoy it (in Act IV). He serves
acan unliving example of the power, "Re careful how you
treat people on the way up, because you'll meet them again on
the way down.

Genevra: Genevra was never meant to be a vampire
She tricked a doddering but powerful Giovanni named del
Georgio into granting her the Embrace. She accomplished
this by manipulating the Inquisition into murdering his
domineering wife, Carmina. Over the years, Geneva has
sentother Giovanni to Final Death,
cconsorting with the Sabbat to further her own ends. Augustus
Giovanni isaware of this and, in 1999, grants Francis Milli
Permission to diablerize her, thus lowering him to the Eighth
Generation. Neither he not Francis tells anyone of this, 0 in
Act LV, the troupe will investigate the murder of an elder
Giovanni, not knowing the killer is one of their own

Hank Rothenstein: Hank isnot a vampire. A ghoul in
service to Andreas, Hank has no desire to receive the
Embrace. His specialty is acquisition, be it drugs, guns
boore or women. He is also very sensitive and, like many
servant ghouls, somewhat mentally unbalanced, and he
therefore serve as a good ally or a dangerous enemy. (He
bears no relation, by the way, to the Las Vegas Rothstein
Giovanni family)

Tue CamMarn1a

Quentin King: The Prince of Boston does not figure
prominently into this book until Act IV, during which the
Sabbat and the Camarilla clash over Boston. A Malkavian,

Kinng baadles the pressure poorly. His yreatest asses — the

princes of six outlying provinces — are is thal,
believing him to be King Arthur, and they his knights.
Effie Feng: Effie poses as a Malkavian. She is not. She is
a Kuet-jin, an Asian "vampire" on the run from her own,
people. She may act as anally and supplier for the characters
in the first act. She is not directly involved in Acts Il or Il
but the characters will find her to
‘eryptic) information in Act IV,

a source of valuable (if



With all this in mind, the Storyteller should choose
some, but certainly no more than three, of the Children of
sane for this game. The Storyteller assumes the roles of
these Kindred during this story, as they attempt to cripple
the Giovanni. Ifthe players of these characters participate
in Nuova Malattia, the Storyteller should consule with
them about how they think their characters would arrange
certain situations, 40 as to give a mote accurate portrayal

the elders. The Storyteller must be careful not to tip her
hand, however — keep the elders' appearance a surprise
for later in the story.

If the troupe undertakes Nuova Malattia as a stand-
alone story, the Storyteller must create these elder characters.
Refer to the above synopses of the Giovanni Chronicles for
information on these elders' unlives. The Conspiracy of Isaac.
{the sites of the elders who appear in this book, remember?)
included all 13 of the clans presented in Vampire: The
Masquerade. The elders appearing in this book can be from
any clan, except Gtovanni,

In creating the Children of Isaac, remember that they
.were not Embraced following seduction o a sudden attack,
‘They were never meant to be Embraced; they were meant
only as aperitifs for their sires. They each had taps in their
throats and were being drained like wine casks when the
Founders stormed Claudius' manse and forced him to leave
the characters behind as fodder. As long and varied as their
unlives have been since, as much status in their chosen
vampiric sect (if any) as they have gained, they have not
forgotten their humble beginnings.

‘The Children of Isaac have met many luminaries in
the World of Darkness, including the Founders of the
‘Camarilla, Durga Syn, Ambrogino Giovanni and even the
Ancient Cappadocius (albeit briefly). They were neonates
when the Camarilla wasnew and ancillae when the Sabbat
took form. They have seen the rise and fall of emperors,
countries and cities. The sheer amount of history they
hhave witnessed is staggering to imagine, and even these
characters have their betters. This sense of never quite
knowing who has been around longer, who speaks to (and
for) which sect or elder, is one reason these mighty elders
do not simply sweep into Boston and destroy the Giovanni
there. The fact that they witnessed the diablerie of
‘Cappadocius and that Augustus Giovanni knows them by.
fname and sight is another.

In game terms, eller characters are created as described
in Vampire: The Masquerade; they simply get more points
tospend. Elders receive a 10/7/5 dot allocation for Attributes,
 20/12/8 allocation for Abilities, 10 dots in Disciplines (the
‘majority of which should come from their clan, but nonclan
Disciplines may be taken as well), 15 dotsin Backgroundsand
7 dots in Virtues. This system generates elders who have been
undead for approximately a century. To reflect the long
uunlives of the Children of Isaac, you may wish to give them
95 freebie points, and begin them with a Humanity or Path

rating three points lower than the total of the appropriate
Virtues. This represents the inevitable degeneration that
vampires experience; while it is possible to have a highly
principled elder, itis an expensive, demanding proposition.
Humanity or Path dots can be bought with freebies, but the
cost ts 4 freebies per dot.

Ifthe elder has not been active the full time (has been in
torpor, for example), she gets fewer freebies, but her Human
ity does not drop as much. The exact "point value" of the
Children of Isaac isn't as important as their identities, their
motivations and theit methods. Of course they could easily
Kill the players' characters in combat and, since all parties
involved know that, exactly what Discipline or weapon
they'd use to do it isn't crucial,

In choosing (or creating) the elders, the Storyteller
must carefully consider their place in both the mortal
world and the Jyhad. Both the Camarilla and the Sabbat
hhave interests in Boston that span this entire story, so an,
elder of either sect (or both) would be appropriate, as
would a member of one of independent clans, excepting
the Giovanni, of course

Nuova Macara


CHARACTER

CREATION

The players' characters begin the game as mortals, and
are promptly changed into ghouls by Andreas Giovanni. As
such, they should be created using the rules for generating
‘ghoul characters. The characters receive a 6/4/3 allocation
for Arcributes and an 11/7/4 spread for Abilities. Back-
grounds, Virtues, Humanity and Willpower are calculated in
the same way as for Kindred, although Backgrounds such as
Generation and Status are obviously disallowed. Ghouls
begin with one dot in Potence and one dot in another
Discipline, which their domitors (the vampires whom they
serve) must know. Usually, this is a clan Discipline, but
characters may choose from any Disciplines that Andreas
knows, except Thaumaturgy.

‘When designing characters forthe game, the Storyteller
should keep careful track of the characters' ethnicity. It is
important that some relation to a Giovanni family exists.
Thiscould be the"main"branch, the Aftican- based Ghibert,
the Scottish Dunsim or even the Meso-American Pisanob
(see Clanbook: Giovanni). Of course, the characters should
know litcle (if anything) about their family's supernatural
hhabies; they should be distant enough relatives to have
‘excaped the perversion so common to the Giovanni upbring-
ing (thisisimportant;see Theme and Mood below). However,
as long as some trace of Giovanni blood runs in their veins,
Andreas can justifiably consider them for the Proxy Kiss and,
later, forthe Embrace.

The players should design the characters as ghouls,
although they begin playas mortals. Their change into ghouls
‘occupies a good portion of the first chapter, and the Story:
teller may choose toforego the choice of Disciplines until this
change occurs. The characters can come from virtually any
background, The only common thread must be the Giovanni.
A character with a "foot in the door," ., who already works
for the family in some capacity, be it soldier, mortician,
researcher, city official, is perfectly acceptable, as isa house
wife whose family owesthe Giovanni money, oran accountant
who does some of their books. Whatever the character's
concepts, certain Traits will be helpful or essential to them
during the game. These are listed below.

‘Alto, certain Merits and Flaws should be restricted or
disallowed. Only one character, ifany, should be allowed to
take the Iron Will or Unbondable Merits. and it should fthis
concept. Likewise, the Benevolent Domitor Merit (from
Ghouls: Fatal Addiction) is off limits; Andreas is not be-
nevolent. Many of the other Merits and Flaws from Ghouls:
Fatal Addiction ar legitimate choices: some. however (True
‘Gypsy and Kinfolk among them) are best made unavailable.

Merits and Flaws such as Dark Fate ae certainly allow:
able. Having a character with Dark Fate is highly

recommended, in fact, as such a character fulfills role inthe
final chapter of this book (said fate wll also mean the death
‘ofthe character, but uch happens to those of whom fate takes
notice). Any extra drama the player may evince with his
death is definitely worth a few extra freebie points at the
beginning of the game.

THEMEAND Moop

‘As a Black Dog book, Nuova Malattia covers some
‘ground not entirely appropriate to all troupes. Storytellers
should select their troupes carefully, or think long and hard
about whether their troupe is prepared to handle matters in
the spirit in which we present them. I's easy to turn this book
into a mess of B-movie cliches oF to reduce the troupe to «
‘group of nervously giggling post-adolescents. Make itobvious
youwant the players totake the story very seriously (assuming
youdo). Thisstory —indeed, theentite Giovanni Chronicles
— isn't for everyone.

Tueme

The major theme of this book is desensitization.
Throughout the story, the characters are in some cases
asked and in others demanded to commit some obscene acts
against their fellow humans (at least, while they themselves
are still human). That said, during character creation, an
important question to consider, and one best asked of the
players in private, is what their characters' moral limits are.
Does the character consider murder acceptable under cer-
tain conditions? What about torture? Has the character
‘ever been a victim or practitioner of rape or abuse? How
does the character's Humanity reflect this? Is he grimly
resigned to his fate? Has his Humanity started to crumble at
its foundation? Bear in mind that during the first two
chapters of the book, women's independence was just be-
ginning to take form, and many people still held to the
"woman-as-servant" ideal. There were no special hotlines
to call, and most victims of incest and abuse grew up
repressing their hatred, only to inflict it upon their own.
families later. A character who grows up in that environ-
‘ment might think it normal, or at least inescapable, and feel
no real remorse about causing pain to others.

Along the same lines, what would the character do to
survive? To get rich? What is the most important thing tothe
character? Whatever it is, it is about to be replaced by vitae.
‘Mothers have sold their children for a hit of crack, and vitae
is even more difficult to resist. How far will the character 20,
Knowing that to turn back means death at best, and Clan
‘Giovanni's disfavor at worst!

Justas important, especially considering their domitor,
are the characters' views on sex. Andreas is very interested
in human sexual desire and what happens to it after the
Proxy Kiss. He is himself amazingly seductive, and has no
problem seducing men; after all, his actual sex drive is
gone, and everything else is only acting. This may touch

‘bencoucnon

‘upon some sensitive issues among the players, and cer-
tainly the characters. After all, until the modern eta,
homowewuality was usually classified as a mental illness.
Are any of the characters secretly (or openly) gay of
bisexual! Does the very idea horrify them? Isthe housewife
character married with an increasingly boring sex life that
she wishes che could enhance, or has she heen taught that
sex isnothing more than a burden she must bear? Depend
ing on the characters' answers, they may find themselves
with alien feelings as the Blood Bond takes hold, or find
thei libides amplifying terribly

The immense lust a ghoul feels must be released, ust like
any other strong emotion. The way in which this is done will
say much about the ghoul in question and her slide into moral
decay. The Storyteller can reinforce this by informing players
that people their characters encounter "seem" to be flirting;
hopefully they will take the bait, only to discover that what
they thought was a come-on was just friendliness. Rejection
might not sit well with auch a ghoul, and people have killed
for less, afte all. This is especially true for a male character
who is ostensibly straight, but has developed (and repressed)
«sexual fixation on Andreas.

This story echoes the core theme of Vampire perhaps
more strongly than any book prior to it. Humanity and
‘morality by nature come to the fore — this isnot astory about
amassing Disciplines and slaying foes. Even the political
angle serves to illustrate the depths to which a character must
sink to achieve prominence. A character (or several) may
very well drop to Humanity O over the course of the tale —
such isthe price of power.

Asa final note, never push the theme on a player who

Te may be wise for a coterie to

"safe word" that lets everyone know when to

takea time-out. Vampire, while not necessarily a comfort-

able experience, is nonetheless a game, and if a player

‘cannot enjoy herself under the circumstances, it is the

troupe's responsibility torespect that person's mores. Such

« player suffers no shame — this story may simply not be
her cup of tea.

Moon

The mood of Nuova Malattia can best be described as
forced civility. Consider: The Mafia is a highly complex,
very social organization. "Respect" is a serious consider-
ation, as not showing it to one's superior can be fatal.
Meeting with an enemy boss is often done over a meal.
This kind of casualness should he very unnerving for the
characters at first; not only do they have to kill people,
arrange brutal fights, sll drugs and find young prostitutes,
they have to remember to be polite while discussing it! As
the characters get more used to the tules of conduct thar
accompany the Mob, however, this forced civility may
eventually become something they force on others, per-
haps their own ghouls or childer. This, of course, plays
back into the theme of degeneration.

PROGRESSION

‘This book covers 70 years, much more time than any of
previous installments of the Giovanni Chronicles. In addi-
tion, changes occur much more quickly in the 20th century
than in previous eras. The Storyteller should endeavor to
create a "feel" for whatever the current decade ts. The first
chapter, set in 1929, should have a much faster and frantic
pace —the "Roaring'20s"— than the second chapter, which
is set in 1959.

Also, the characters change from mortals to ghouls to
vampires over the course of the book. Some of the coterie
(roughly one third) should be Embraced at the end of the
first three chapters. Each chapter provides the reasons and
the circumstances of the Embrace. I his means that until
the fourth chapter, only part of the group will be Kindred.
This also means that part of the group may have amassed
‘more status than the rest, and they may be in a position to
give orders.

The coterie's scattered Embraced is done for several
reasons. One issimple realism; the Giovanni do not Embrace
neonates by the handful. They wait for eligible ghouls to
prove themselves before granting this honorable curse. In a
{troupe with six players, this means the rate of Embrace should
bbe roughly one per decade. This is still fast, but Andreas
enjoys inflicting the Embrace, observing what changes is
brings to the mind and soul of a person.

"The second reason isstory-based. It would prove incon-
venient in the first and second acts if none of the group could
function in daylight, and downright damning in the third.
Daytime activity is an advantage that the Kindred don't
possess, and if they are wise, they will not be too nasty to the
"lowly ghouls; after all, said ghouls might be testifying in
court to save the business some day.

The final reason is good, old-fashioned opportunity
forconflict. The charactersspend the first act as ghouls, all
toadying to Andreas. Then some of them are Embraced.
Atthis point, they should realize that the only way to end
the cycle of dependence on Andreas' blood (and to be-
come "made men," of a sort), is to receive the Embrace.
Likewise, the characters who are still ghouls might kiss up
tothe Kindred characters in hopes that they putin a word
with Andreas.

‘Of course, such a separation between Embraces will put
some characters above others in terms of raw power. How-
ever, this ic a Black Dog product, which demands a greater
degree of maturity than other games. Hopefully, players in
the Giovanni Chronicles have leamed that vampires rarely
fight each other directly, and that having one more dot of
Potence than your opponent only matters in a physical
altercation. With luck, your players will recognize this asthe
superb chance for roleplaying that itis, and not get caught up
in "Hey, how come she got Embraced, and not me! (Of
coamee, a chanacter caving that ie jut fine...)

Nuova Muara


Another element to consider is the change from mortal
to servant to servant with power. Below are some ideas for
how toimplement these changes, along with systems for how
they work in game terms.

Morrat to Guout

‘This change occurs in the first chapter when Andreas
feedsthe charactershis blood. Asthe vitae infuses their veins,
the characters gain one level of Potence and have all the traits
of a ghoul: retarded aging, the power to heal wounds, the
power to increase Physical Attributes, the capacity to frenzy,
etc. Of course, the characters aren't told about these things
and a great deal of time in Chapter One is devoted to the
character's transition into ghouldom.

Mechanically, ghoul can hold two blood points of vitae
im her system comfortably, and several more uncomfortably.
For each point of Stamina a ghoul possesses, she may hold an
additional blood point. Drinking more than this requires a
Stamina roll (difficulty 8). Success means the blood can be
‘used normally. Failure indicates nausea and pain (the charac-
ter suffers an unsoakable Health Level of bashing damage for
every pointabove her Stamina + 2, and must purge the excess
blood before using any at all),

Even if the character succeeds in holding more blood,
however, she is considered to be overdosing. While overdos-
ing, the character receives an extra dot of Dexterity to
reflection aheightened reaction time, but must also check for
frenzy as does a vampire (though she will not frenzy from
hunger). In addition, the player must roll Perception + Self-
Control (difficulty 6) each scene ot suffer from bloodborne
hallucinations, the nature of which are up to the Storyteller.

It is possible for a ghoul to change her own supply of
blood to vitae, but it requires ingesting vitae nightly for a
month. After the one-month point, the ghoul may convert
her own mortal blood supply into vitae at arate of one point
per night, as long as the feedings continue. If more than
three consecutive feedings are missed, the ghoul's body
converts vitae to blood at a rate of one point per three
nights. Imbibing vitae again halts this, but it takes another:
month of consecutive feedings before the conversion may
begin again. Note that this is not a fact known to many
Kindred, let alone ghouls, so ghoul characters should not
have justification to ask their newly Embraced allies to feed
them every night during downtime. Andreas, incidentally,
never feeds his ghouls this often

More information on the conversion and on overdosing,
as well as many other helpful facts, can be found in Ghouls:
Fatal Addiction

Grout to Vampme

This change can come anywhere throughout the book,
be it from Andreas, or one of the other players' characters
(either with Andreas' approval or not). Mechanically, a
rnconate Embraced by Andreas is of th Generation, whereas
cone Embraced by one of the players' characters is of 10th,

diablerie notwithstanding. A newly Embraced vampire keeps
whatever clan Disciplines she knew asa ghoul, and upon the
Embrace is "given" two additional dow in Disciplines. Thee,
‘ofcourse, must be chosen from the Giovanni clan Disciplines
of Potence, Dominate and Necromancy. The character is
assumed to practice these powers during the downtime that
follows the Embrace.

As far as roleplaying goes, a few concepts bear men-
tion. The characters probably begin their slide into
inhumanity before their Embrace, but itis after the Em-
brace that maintaining a certain level of Humanity becomes
ctitical. Andreas will inform them that though they are
now beyond the human condition, they must maintain at
least some facet ofit, est they become lost tothe Beast and
therefore useless to him. Andreas' own obsession with the
human condition has sustained him (although, ironically,
following this obsession was probably what dropped his
Humanity so low in the first place). He will advise them to
find a vocation, a pursuit, even an Kleology; something to
keep them human. However, no amount of trying to stay
hhuman changes the fact that the characters are not; they
are now dead in a clan obsessed with death. What may
eventually happen, as it did with Andreas, is that what-
ever they choose to keep them human becomes an
unhealthy passion, and ends up turning the characters into
obsessed monsters. (Hannibal Lecter, the cannibalistic

serial killer in The Silence of the Lambs, is an example of
this. While he is assuredly a monster, he is also a doctor, a

socialite, an artist and a superb chef. The book beings this
out much more vividly than the film, by the way).

Another important fact is that once the Embrace
‘occurs, the character has died, both physically and spiritu-
ally. This means that the Blood Bond, while still intact,
weakens considerably. This means more for the Embraces
in Act Ill than in Act !, of course, but the sudden absence
of feeling for Andreas can be easily replaced by confusion
("I thought I loved you"), confabulation ("I think 1 still
love you"), fear ("How could I have loved you") ot
Possibly even anger ("I hate you!"). If any newly Embraced
neonate gives him ip, Andreas will surely bond him again.
However, it should provide an interesting look at the
"maturing" process, as the vampire can look at the star-
‘struck ghouls and think, "I remember thi

‘As mentioned above, it is possible for one player
character to Embrace another. If this occurs, the Story-
teller must decide what kinks this throws into the story.
‘Was the character justified in doing so and does Andteas
think so? Does she have enough autonomy to even make
such a decision? An inappropriately Embraced neonate
probably won't be killed outright, but may be disdained,
put down, ignored and generally forced to prove herself
double-time to make up for her sire' indiscretion. Plus,
she will be of higher generation than her fellows will
Hardly seems worth it, right?

‘enooucnon


FLepotinc to Neonate

This change takes place at different times for diferent
‘characters. The important thing vexsexaber that vampires
tend to remain rooted in the period during which they died.
Therefore, a character Embraced in 1929 probably carries
slang, ideals and habits with him into the next several decades.

This ts not, of course, an immurable fact of vampiric
‘existence. Some vampires react to change better than others,
and Andreas Giovanni, the characters' sire, is one of them.
The adaptation to the ever-shifting tide of mortal trends
depends on how much the vampire in question cares. The
characters, then, gettosee the Mob change and grow over the
Years, but might begin to miss points like national politics or
sports. Of course, trying to fight this stagnation can stave off
the lows of Humanity, if done in the right way.

Downtime Between Acts

What happens tothe character sheet during the down-
ume Is also important. It should, however, reflect what has
happened to the character. At the start of each act, the
Storyteller should require an account of each character's
activities during the past years (how many varies: 30 between
Acts andi; 13 between Acts land Il;and27 between Acts
Hand V). Take into account what happened inthe interim.
How did the Second World War (one facet of which i
discussed above), the Moon Landing, the Vietnam War, the
civil rights movement, Kennedy's death, etc. affect the char-
acter, if at all? What interests has she pursued (apart from
wealth and necromantic power, of course)?

Ghouls and vampires obviously have very different op-
tions for thisdowntime. A vampire may (and should) remain
active within the clan and the Mafia, but had best remove
herself from the public eye. Afterall, fin Act II, acharacter
Embraced in 1929 is cavorting about at night, not having
aged, never eating, the locals are likely to grow suspicious.
This suspicion is lessened for ghouls, but remember that they
don't age much (visibly), either. How the characters cope
with this is certainly something to address.

As far as Traits go, the Storyteller should grant the
characters a numberof freebie points at the end of each act.
A chart (below) shows the breakdown between acts, and

Points (for Ghouls)
15
8
15

Note that Kindred receive fewer points than ghouls do.
Thisisbecause of the aforementioned tendency of Kindred to
havea hard time learning "new tricks." Ifanyone complains,
youmay remind them that ive freebies hardly makeup for the
difference in power between a vampire and a ghoul (ifthe
player of said ghoul doesn't point it out for you).

In addition to the freebie points, Storytellers may also
allow characters to "shuffle" some Traits. This only applies
to Backgrounds, Abilities, and Ments and Flaws. "Shuf-
fling" traits allows a character to develop new ties and skills
aasher old ones decay. For example, a character starts play in
1929 with an Empathy score of 3. Ac the end of Act I, she
tsEmbraced. During the interim, the player decides that her
character will pay special attention to the movements of
other vampires in the city. Knowing that this will not only
takeherfurtheraway from Humanity butalso require a mote
complete knowledge of conversational skullduggery, she
trades two of her points in Empathy for two of Subterfuge.
Likewise, a character with several dots in Allies who is
Embraced might find that maintaining these friendships
becomes too difficult as a vampire. She might trade those
points for Influence...orifshe doesn't wish to let her friends
go quite so easly, Retainers.

Shuffling works well for Merits and Flaws, too. For
example, if a character begins play with Soft-Hearted
Flaw, she is likely to be very uncomfortable much of the
time, which is fine. Over time, however, she may find that
the discomfort is lessening as she becomes inured to
violence and suffering, although her sleep is less than
peaceful, perhaps from the guilt she represses. In game
terms, she has replaced the Soft-Hearted Flaw with the
Nightmares Flaws.

Some Storytellers may feel that this sort of balance is
‘unnecessary and that the playersshould accept losing Traits
as they atrophy. Ifthe players are willing to go along with
this, good. However, if the players decide (especially en
‘masse ) that they don't want to see Traits disappear as time
0¢s on, shuffling is an easy and fair way to keep players
happy. The Storyteller must make sure the privilege isn't
abused, of course. Such changes should make sense. This
system is intended to give the characters an edge, not to
make them unstoppable super-vampires who can easily
‘meet any challenge.

With regard to Disciplines, Kindred progress not-
mally. Ghouls may purchase new Disciplines, provided
that 1) their domitor knows the Discipline, and 2) some-
one gives them at least minimal instruction in its use. For
example, a ghoul in service to Andreas who wishes to
learn Dominate may do so, but she will probably need to
convince one of the coterie to teach her, as Andreas has
little patience for instructing ghouls. Disciplines cost
(current level) x 15 for clan Disciplines and (current
level) x 25 for nonclan Disciplines in experience points
for ghouls. Freebie point costs are 10 per dot. Depending
on how far the Storyteller wants the ghouls to advance,
she may either stick to the recommended maximum of
one level in any given Discipline, or allow the ghouls
advance. Itisunlikely that any ghoul will earn more than
two dots in any one Discipline before the Embrace is
visited upon him, anyway.

‘Noo, Mawar

"

SYNopsis

Below is an Act-by-Act synopsis of Nuova Malattia.

Act I~ First Communion: The characters begin as
lowly mortals. Their connection to the Giovanni is already
‘established, but they certainly shouldn't know that their
‘employers are anything worse than gangsters and bootleg-
ses. However, they receive a rude awakening, as, for one
reason or another, they become recipients of the Proxy Kiss,
the Giovanni term for being thrust into ghouldom.

After this first draught of Kindred blood, the Giovanni
sive their newest ghouls time to adjust. They are under
constant surveillance for the first few nights, however, until
the Blood Bond can be completed. The characters here have
achance to experience their normal, mundane lives through
the filter of vitae. They find that their tempers are on edge,
as are their sex drives and appetites. This section of Act I
includes several scenarios o acclimate the characters to theit
new condition somewhat. Something, be it withdrawal,
anger or desperation, should drive them back tothe Giovanni
in short order.

‘Once the bond is complete, Andreas tells the ghouls
what he expects of them. Their first assignment is to
"acquire" controlling interest ina speakeasy called the Red
Carpet, currently dominated by Charles "King" Solomon.
While doing s0, they discover another of Solomon's bud-
ding business ventures bare-fisted ighting, and the gambling
accompanying it. Whether by the characters' suggestion or
by their own judgment, the Giovanni decide to take over
this enterprise as well, and make the characters theie pri-
mary agents.

‘While immersed in this brutal depravity of the under-
world, the characters clash with Solomon's empire again as
he attempts to win back the industry. While the ghouls have
a decided advantage in gunplay and violence, another prob-
Jem soon arrives.

Francis Milliner, a ghoul and a well-known local busi-
nessman, calls the characters toa meeting and asks them to
undertake a special assignment for him, not Andreas
Giovanni, their domitor. The mission involves a meeting
taking place between King Solomon's son, a Kennedy
operative. and. servant ghoul of the Boston Camarilla. The
characters are to kill the ghoul and the Kennedy, but to
Kidnap Peter Solomon.

This request does not actually come at the behest of
Milliner. Andress Giovanni engineered the meeting. He has
several reasons. One is to test the loyalty of his ghouls.
Another is to strike at the empires of both Solomon and
Kennedy. And the third is that, since Peter Solomon is now
2 Camarilla ghoul, he is nominally protected from the
Giovanni by the pact they made in 1528 to stay out of
Kindred affairs. The Promise of 1528 keeps the Giovanni
from direct interference...but does nothing to protect the
Camarilla from random acts of violence by gangsters.

‘With any luck, the act ends with the characters complet.
ing the task successfully. As a reward, some characters will
receive the Embrace, as discussed in the introduction.

Act IL -The Blood of Her Enemies: The year is 1959.
‘The Milliners have gained a great deal of status in the eyes
of the Giovanni over the years. Theit business deals are
almost always legitimate, and the characters certainly
stand to benefit from theit presence. The act begins with
Jason Milliner asking a favor of the coterie. This first
section is mostly to get a feel for the Mafia in the 1950s.
‘The characters also have a chance here to make a contact
that they see again later: a Mafia researcher and historian
named Teresa Powers. The characters may be interviewed,
befriended or even seduced by Ms. Powers. They may also
have to clean up after one of their own when he becomes
(oo free with information.

However, things are not going entirely smoothly. The
characters troubles did not end with Charles Solomon. The
new head of New England's mob is Raymond Patriarca, «
vicious crimelord. A gang war begins, with the Patriarcas as
the aggressors. As the characters deal with this, some new
arrivals disrupe their nightly existence: the Children of Isaac.

Part of Act II concludes with the troupe taking posses-
sion of stone tablets meant for the Children of Isaac. These
tablets contain a powerful secret: the Anexhexeton.

Part Il of Act II is told entiely in flashback, with the
players assuming the roles of ghouls and Kindred in Egypt,
immediately following the events of The Sun Has Set. These
characters quest for and find the tablets. However, the
Malkavian who is to bear the tablets sees a vision, which
convinces him that the tablets must be found in the New
World. Thus, the tablets are sent to Boston in 1959, and
intercepted by Giovanni ghouls.

Part III picks up where Part | left off, with the coterie in
possession of the tablets. The gang war still rages, and the
characters must choose between giving up the tablets to
‘Andreas, the Milliners, the Children of lsaac, or noone at all.
Regardless, Andreas gets the tablets; the only matter open for
debate is whether the characters get the credit. At the end of
the act, both Jason Milliner and mote of the coterie are
Embraced in two separate and gruesome ceremonies.

‘The gang war ends, and the Patriarcas' power wanes, but
the Children of aac make it clear they have come to stay.

‘Act III ~ A Test of Faith: By this point, some of the
coterie are neonates, some older but not quite ancillae, and
some still lowly ehouls. In any case. the ensuing decades have
seen some changes forthe mob, the most notable of which is
the RICO Act of 1970.

‘The RICO Act (Racketeering Influenced Corrupt Or-
ganizations), in brief, allows government authorities to bring
business up on charges f they can uncover apattem of illicit
activity talsoallowsthe arrest ofan individual for belonging

to a certain group, effectively legalizing guilt by association.
‘Whar thie means forthe troupe is that any of theirunderlings

Inmooucron

15

‘or business associates that were mistreated in Act II may very
well tum state' evidence to save their own skins. Why, after
all. should they reward thei ill treatment at the han ofthe
Giovanni with loyalty?

Eventually, with or without help from former associ-
ates, the ghouls in the group ate arrested. While they can
probably make bail, they have a great deal to answer for.
They are told by the family in no uncertain terms that
they will receive the best legal aid that can be provided
(which isconsiderable), but little else. Andreas is unwill-
ing to stick his neck out too far to aid the coterie, partly
because he is unable to intervene too blatantly. This is
because the Children of Isaac are responsible for leaking
information to the FBI in order to expose the coterie, and
‘once again, the Promite of 1528 forbide active reprisal
However, another force that no one, not even the elders,
expected is at work.

The Society of Leopold, the feared Inquisition,
has discovered that the ghouls are pawns to a much
greater evil, and brings its considerable power to bear
on the Giovanni.

The characters also have afew logistical problems. First
of all, none of them have aged visibly since 1929 unless they
have altered their appearance somehow. Second, even if
they have all been aged (unlikely), most of them are now
incommunicado during daylight hours. Third, the charac-

ters must be careful to protect not only the family, but the
members of high society (councilmen, judges, etc) who
have come to be regular "customers" for one reason of

another of the Giovanni. Finally, the characters must con-
sider the Masquerade. Quentin King, the Prince of Boston,
would love an excuse to call a blood hunt on the Boston
Giovanni, and the slightest slip on the characters' parts
affords him the opportunity to do just that.

‘The coterie does have some cards to play, however. Fist
of all, Reginald, the wraith they met in Act [, still follows
them, and makes his presence known by delaying the trial,
discovering information on witnesses, and even disproving
some of the FBI's evidence.

‘Also, the coterie probably has an alibi for just about
anything the prosecution can produce. The RICO Act, by
the way, must be invoked within 10 years of the alleged
wrongdoing, so anything before 1960 isn't really fair game for
that (which is one reason why i itso important to keep track
of the characters' activities between acts). Murder, of course,
has no statute of imitations.

During the tral, the ghouls are given the choice to take
their chances in court, or betray Andreasand the clan and be
protected. This offer does not come from the FBI only, but
from the Chikiren of Isaac, still embroiled in their vendetta
against the clan. While the Kindred characters face attacks
from the Inquisition and must face their own Humanity (or
whatever remains of it) the ghouls must face their sense of
loyalty and respect for their domnitor.

At the end of the rial, whether guilty or innocent, the
shouls are Embraced. However, their Embeace plays a role in
the future of the clan's activity in Boston, and conclude the
saga of an elder named Marianna.

Act IV ~ To Everyone Who Conquers: The act begins
with the characters' reputation being smeared from all sides.
Although they may have gained a great deal of status in the
last act, someone has et them up tose it and fast. Sabotage,
trickery and pressure take their toll on the characters' stand-
ings. The mysterious hands at work here belong to the
‘Children of Isaac, though the reason for the assault is differ
ent this time. They need help, and help that only the
Giovanni can peovide.

Before the elders' plan comes to fruition, however, the
chatacters ate called upon to solve a murder. Oenevra (sce
above) arrives in town, and meets the characters shortly
before her death at the hands of Francis Milliner. Reginald
shows the characters the murder using his wraithly powers,
‘but cannot identify the killer. No one misses the duplicitous:
Geneva, but noone wants tochance herkiller striking again.
The search introduces the characters to some of the local
Kindred before leading them to thei own family, where they
find the diablerie was sanctioned

‘The Children of aac, content to watch the Giovanni
chase their own tails for a time, find that time is now
becoming short. Cappadocius (see above) approaches, and
a fanatical cult worships him and preaches suicide and
doom. The Chikiren of Isaac have a way to stop him but,
as mentioned above, it requires the aid of a competent
Necromancer. With Marianna dead, the elders plan to
squeeze the characters until they must deal, f only to save
their own necks

With the city crashing down around them from the
combined attentions of the Sabbat, the Camarilla (both of
whom wish to establish a firm power base in Boston) and
CCappadocius (who wishes the Giovanni and anyone in the
way dead), the coterie must choose between staying loyal to
the family and refusing the Children of Isaac...or ending the
greatest threat to its continued existence and being marked
as the basest of traitors.

‘The Sabbat's attack on Boston does not go as planned,
and when the smoke clear, the Giovanni are left with a firm
enough power base to oust both the Sabbat and Camarilla
from Boston. Thus, the Camarilla loses what tenuous hold it
had in this city and the Giovanni take a bold step forward.

DESTINY

So, for those players and Storytellers who played the
first three Giovanni Chronicles, the obvious question is:
What gives?

Why, for 600 years, was this group of vampires (the
Children of laae) jerked aroundby elders, routinely tortured,
just as routinely bailed out of trouble by Marianna, and

‘Nowa MATA


possibly corrupted by the Setites, the Sabbat, ete.! Afterall,
the Giovanni are as much in power atthe end of tis epilogue
as ever — maybe more so. Some of the Children of Isaac are
dead, a8 are some important Giovanni but, all in all, things
seem pretty much normal (for the World of Darkness). So
where's the big destiny thing?

There are plenty of "real" remons for this. Different
people wrote the books over a span of neatly five years. The
stories couldn't be carbon copies of each other, but had to
keep continuity. But these reasons will mean very little to
the Children of Isaac and, in any kind of storytelling, the
characters cannot be left hanging (plus, the players will
certainly want to know about the destiny, too). Also, this
book is especially tricky because the players are portraying
foils vo che destined vampires, Kindred on the other side of
enemy lines who are relative Johnny-come-latelies to the
whole scenario. They don't share the destiny of the Chil-
dren of Isaac... do they?

‘Destiny cannot be nailed down. The notion that destiny
{follows a linear course is outdated and rather a cop-out; one
of the implied themes of this book is responsibility for one's
actions. After all, no matter how a character might try to
rationalize his actions, there eventually comes a reckoning,

whether it be the gang war in Act Il of this story, the
antagonism the Inquisition in Act Ill, or the vengeful shade
of Cappordocies in Act TV.

Free will issomething for which humans kill and die, and
yet the tragedy of being a slave to one's destiny is theme in
many great works of literature. Destiny may serve some great
‘purpose, bur then again, it may be very subtle. Instead of the
Children of Isaac being destined to destroy or cripple the
Giovanni, they could justbedestined todo what the Giovanni
never could stop Cappadocius from bringing his insane
"Heaven on Earth" plans to fruition.

Suspecting one's destiny (or one's character's destiny)
makes for great speculation on where the story might be going
and what role the character might play in the great scheme of
ttall. Knowing one'sdestiny,on the other hand, isboring. The
story becomes more of ascript and, like so many films of today,
we participate not to enjoy the kinks and subtleties of the
plot, bur the pyrotechnics and special effects. The end should
not be a foregone conclusion. The players don't know their
character's destinies, but when Nuova Malattia ends, they
should feel as though those destinies have been fulfilled.

And if not, the Giovanni Chronicles certainly need not
‘end simply because there are no more books.



Let every soul be subject to the gowerning authorities

Romans 13:1

Nuova Malattia begins, the characters are ordinary
‘mortals who have little or nothing in common — except the
Giovanni. As discussed in the Introduction, the charac
should all have a reason for the Necromancers to take f
them, be it an outstanding debt, exemplary service, ete. The
story opens with each character receiving an in
midnight mass at St. Leonard's Catholic Church. The message
is mailed to characters who are (or believe they a
snsni's good se; thone who woukl Ieave 1
Mob wants them dead (based on their concept of
bockground) are told in person by Hank Rothenstein.

Scene One: THE
INVITATION

Rocherotein is « ghoul in service w Andress Giovanni,
and isknown throughout the underworkd as"Har
He can acquire nearly anything: drugs, prostitutes (

) on the
on w believe

the Fixer."
legal age

papers, etc.,and leaves virally no pape

nds. He is also a very iritatis
who enjoy intimidating others ined to talk down to
him. During this act, take careful note of who behaves kindly

respectfully «o Haak, expecially female characters. A li

man, and characters

kindness now may pay off very well later. For more informs
on Hank, see the Characters chapter.

Hankpenonallyc

actsany character whodoesnot receive

‘amailed invitation. Ifpossible, he calls on them at home, but ifhe
cannot find them, he tnes their places of business their churches
‘or even thei families. After alittle pleasant conversation, he asks
them their connection to the Giovanni family. Ifthey tell him, he
nods, and hands them the invitation. If they dodge the question.
‘ordemand why he wantstoknow, he merely shrugsanicomments
that he's worked with the family for years, and he's never been
invited to Mass. (He's being glib here, of nd if the
characters don't catch the joke, he'll assume they/te going to be
‘used as thugs or concubines and treat them as such),

The message arrives, in whatever form, the Tuesday before
the Mass. The characters have three days

make whatevet
preparations they wish, but all will be watched carefully until
then. In the event that any dl
otherwise escape the appointment, the Giovanni retrieve het
while she sleeps (through use of Dx
retum her toher Boston home, set

acter tries to skip town or

ate, if necessary) and
gthe invitation by the bed
‘Characters can pass the intervening day as they wish,
from celebrating a possible promotion (which is true, in a
sense), to composing a will in anticipation of their impending
doom (which is also true, in a sense). In any case, when

‘Thursday arrives, they should be at the church on time.

Ack Fast Compson

19

Scene Two:

THe CHURCH

St. Leonard's was the first Italian Catholic Church
‘established in New England; the current building dates to
1891. The characters may be familiar with the church,
perhaps even parishioners. However, they should have never
been to a night Mass here before. During the night, the
church belongs to Clan Giovanni. (For more information on
the church, see the Appendix.)

By day, the church looks majestic. The gray stonework is
made lesscold by clinging ivy, and the stained-glass windows,
depicting the stages of the Crucifixion, bathe a visitor in a
surreal red-blue light as she stops at the font to cross herself
‘The statue of Christ behind the altar is well carved and kept
in good repair; it ts lifelike enough to command reverence,
but not so graphic as to frighten children

‘Ac night, chisall changes. The stonework outside dwarfs. a
visitor. The doors look impassive, as if Gad has become inacces-
sible until moming. The ivy seems to slither along the wall in
«8 wavelike motion from the foundation, as though something.
lives and reaches out from the ground around the church.

The inside of St. Leonard's is worse. The statue is lit from
the bottom, giving it sallow, chamel look. Instead of having
an expression of suffering on His face, Jesus overlooks the pews,
madly, almost hungrily. Perceptive characters may alo notice
that His wounds look freshly painted and slick. The confeasion
booths stand open, but appear dark, and the inside dimensions
‘cannot be seen. The pastor is not the priest that parishioners
will remember, but a dingy-looking Mediterranean man in
priest's garb. He is unshaven, his hair is wild and flowing, and
he bites his fingers nervously as he arranges himself for Mass,

‘When the characters enter, they are greeted by Hank
Rothenstein. He thanks them for coming and asks that they
sit in the front row; Andreas will join them sburtly.

‘The characters may exchange intreductions chat, orkeept0
themselves. Only one other penon sits inthe church with them
{nitally,a gentleman of about 40 in an expensive black suit. His
dros and manner scream "Wise guy'; streetwise characters may

‘Nuova Maar

0

recognize him as Stephano Giovanni, as might any character
howe player succeeds in a Wits + Area Knowledge or Streetwise
roll (difficulty 7). Stephano has been in the papers lately, he is
identified as a "local businessman and reputed mobster." More

information on Stephano is given in the Dramatis Penonae
chapter. During the next few minutes, several other churchgoers
tric in to populate the pews sparsely. These lace arivals sem
haggard and worn — unkempt, dity and probably homeless.

‘When all of the characters have arrived, the Mass
begins. Organ music suddenly fills the church — the charac
ters cannot rell from where — and three men enter from.
behind the characters' pew and walk down the center aise.
‘The first wo wear black suits and carry a large, leather-bound
book and a crucifix on a pike, respectively. The third is the
addled priest the characters saw earlier.

"The priest leads the Mass through the greeting and the
Penitential Rite. The characters may notice that when the
‘parishioners cross themselves, they do so with theit left hands.
However, even odder, the priest speaks the Massin Italian, not
{in Latin (remember that until the Second Vatican Council in
the 1960s, the Mass was given in Latin, although churches
‘usually provided books in English for the laity to follow).

‘Andreas stands up and walks toa pulpit. His voice echoes
throughout the church as he gives the first reading, in
English. "A reading from Psalms, Chapter 5. For thou art not
a. God who welcomes wickedness; evil can be no guest of
thine. There is not place for arrogance before thee; thou
hhatest evildoers, thou makest an end of all liars. The Lord
detests traitors and men of blood." Andreas delivers the
quote with a quiet reverence. The next thing he says, how-
‘ever, issospiteful and bitter that the characters unthinkingly
flinch: "This is the word of the Lord." The proper response is
"Thanks be to God," and Catholic characters probably an-
wer this way. However, the rest of the church is silent.

‘Stephano replaces Andreas for the second reading. His
‘manners less quiet reverence and more barely contained fervor.
His voice is quiet, but strained, as though he might screamat any
moment. "A reading from the Epistle of Paul to the Romans. ‘If
Ged is forus, who can be against us?.. Who shall bring a change
‘against God's elect? It is God who justifies... As itis written: For
‘yoursake weare killed all day long; we are accounted as sheep for
the slaughter. Yet in all these things we are more conquerors
through Him who loved us." His concluding statement, "Thisis
the word of God," is delivered in a dreadful whisper, and this
time, the congregation answers him: "Thanks be to God."

The priest performs the Gospel reading. "A reading from
the Gospel according to Matthew. ‘So Jesus said, ‘Are you also.
still without understanding? Do you not yet understand that
whatever enters the mouth goes into the stomach and is
climinated? But those things which proceed out of the mouth.
‘come from the heart, and they defile a man. For out of the heart
‘proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts,
false witness, blasphemies. These are the things which defile a
man." Ac this, the priest lifts the Gospel up and hutls it

backward over his head. He then bids the congregation stand
for the Profession of Faith. They speak in Italian, but
Profession is very different from what Catholic characters
know. The
Don't ask

The Mass continues. The homily the priest gives, still in
Italian, refersback tothe re

Jesion has been replaced by a Sciian provers

for something you aren't prepared to take."

gs. "Define your terms," he says. "If
Godisforus, whocan be against us? Who, then, isGod! This be

thar detests men of blood?" Ac this, he bites his ow
and flings blood into the audience. The characters, se
are in the front pew, will certainly be splashed with it. "We are all
men of blood! All men, all ar of blood! But some are weak'! Some
die, some dhe when bom, some die in poverty, some take their own
lives. {say to you that these are'men of blood that God detests, not

those who are strong enough to take the blood they need.

But consider also the reading from Matthew. Ifall these
evils come from the heart, and the heart directs blood, itis easy
jod might detest such men. But isnt it those who
i, steal, and kill who survive? So what does God
He sent his one begotten Son
tous, knowing that we would kill Him! But somewhere along
the way, the most pervasive faith ofall time was started —ours!

che

want! He simply wants homa

So we give God what he d we go about

‘our nightly business. Remember the tribut

tribute

Treat those above

you with respect, for God put them there for a reason. Diste

spect them, at
serve God's greater plan, all the

find your soul wrenched from your body t

le with the Devil whisper

{ng in your ear for all eternity." While he preaches this serms

he focuses on the characters, staring, unblinking, at each in
n. While he speaks, have each player roll Perception +
Empathy or Awareness (difficulty 9) 1 scores at least

twosuccesses, her character sees shadowy, gaunt, but

humanoid figures

sPpear where a choir would normally stand
The priest then raises a gold chalice, and says (still in
Italian), "Blessed are you Lord. Through your goodness we

have this wine to offer, fruit of the soul and work of hu
hands. It will be

wr spiritual drink

The priest skips the Eucharistic prayer (which woul
mally follow the Profession of Faith) entirely. He stands again at

the altar and leads the congregation in the Lord's Prayer:
However, these words are different, too. Characte
Italian will hear, "Our Father, who art in Heaven. howled be thy
name. The Kingdom come, thy will be done, in the next w

and in this. Givewsth

isnight our daily blood,

as undead
temptation, butdeliverusfrom the evil oflesser men
are spoken very quickly

unlikely ¢

bey

any one character will catch all ofthe
shake handsor even kis
they embrace and bite each

ther lightly

Acti: Fast Conmaacn

4

‘The priest again raises the chalice, and says, "This is the
Lamb of God who takes away the sins ofthe world. Happy are
these who are called to His supper" Looking directly at the
characters, he says, "Youare not worthy to receive him, but only
drink and you shall be healed." No bread is pasted, and no songs.
are sung during communion. Instead, the peiest comes down the
parthioners. and offers a drink from the chalice. Andreas is the
first to drink, and he lingers at the cup (this is because he is not
drinking, but bleeding from his tongue to fill the chalice.

‘Assuring the characters drink from the chalice, they feel a
sudden rush of euphoria. They also experience a slightly queasy
feeling akin to strong sexual arousal, coupled with a strange
sensual increase. They can see better in the dimly lit church than
they could moments ago, smell the aftershaves and perfumes of
thowe around them, and they can sense alll too keenly the senile
ofthe cther parishioners. The "wine" leaves them edgy energetic,
and with a newfound respect and regard for Andreas Giovanni
‘The charactershave jus taken thei first drink of Kindred blood.

Achaacter whorchoesteveive dulefal looks fon Andreas
and the priest's wo attendants. If she still abstains, Andreas
approaches her and whispers one word: "Drink." He lends this
‘command the authority of his Dominate Discipline, which
should let the character know exactly where she stands as well
as engendering a sense of violation — she literally has no
choice. This makes the experience that much worse, however,
as the character still wants to leave but cannot.

‘The Mass then concludes rather abruptly; instead of the
‘usual Dismissal, the priest simply states, "Go in peace, breth-
ren. May God have mercy on your souls." He then cracks a
strange, bloody smile and exits through the back ofthe church.

If, for some reason, Andreas' Dominate fails (the Iron
Will merit, for example), Stephano reluctantly uses his
Presence to attempt the same results. The character may not
feel quite 40 violated then, of course, but it might make for
some interesting conflicts later when she tastes Andreas'
blood and i tll under Stephano's power.

After the Mass ends, Andreas assembles the newly
‘created ghouls and introduces everyone. He does not reveal
anyone's connection to the family, however. He then tells
the characters politely to talk amongst themselves, and takes
cach one aside privately.

Duringthisprivate chat, he tellscharacters who were in good
with the family that they have been promoted. Just how will
become cbviousin afew nights bu for now, they should go about
their busines as usual. Characters who owe the Giovanni or are
‘otherwise out of favor are told that the debt has been settled by
"extenuating circumstances" and that they should forget it ever
happened. All characters are given aphone number to calli they
"need anything." After al ofthe private sessions conclude, he
‘gathers the group again, and invites them all ta party being held
bya tiend of the family," Paul DiCarlo, atis house on Saturday
night. He provides the addres, and then excuses himself.

‘The characters can go anywhere they wish from here. It
is roughly 2 A.M., but none of them feel sleepy. For the

record, the characters have one point of vampiric vitae in
their bodies, and have developed the complementary (not
complimentary!) dot of Potence. There is no need, of course,
to share these specifics with the players yet.

‘The Storytellermay choose torun some ofthe scenarios from
‘Scene Three at this time, ifthe characters actions warrant i.

Scene THREE:
Lire AsA GHouL

‘The next "scene" isa loose collection of encounters and
|happenings that the Storyteller can springon the players, singly
co in groups, over the next three nights. It is important,
however, that the characters receive another drink of Andreas'
blood between now and Sunday night; he wants them to start
work the following week. The Storyteller is, of course, free 10
‘make additions or amendments to these vignettes to personal-
ize them to the characters.

OntHeJon

How this vignette plays depends largely on the character's
ily routine. The basic idea, however, is the character's
reaction to stress. If the character san accountant, and is used
todealing with people who are broke, she may stop feeling pity
and start feeling contempt. If the character has children,
perhaps she won't be able to tolerate them doing anything else
bat siting stl. very sil. In general, play a normal day in a
character's life almost to the point of monotony... then have
something pissher off. After that, let itbuild. The accountant's
secretary is ate, and he goes into his first meeting without his
daily cup of coffee, only to find his first client i 0 broke that
he cannot pay hisfee. The housewife's children are screaming,
she shouts at them to shut them up, and then the dog tips over
the full garbage can. Gauge by the player'sroleplaving (and the
character's Self-Control rating) when enough is enough, then
call for a SelfControl roll (difficulty 7). If successful, the
character fels a horrible buildup of rage, but manages to deal
withit. Ifthe ol fails the character does not frenzy, but simply
"acts out." The accountant flings his empty coffee mug overhis.
clients head, sending porcelain shards down on him. The
housewife punches the wall, and puts her hand through to the
other side without so much as a scraped knuckle.

‘Nowa Maca


This scenario should be run only with characters who
have somewhat "normal" lives, not with gangstersor occultists

‘The WATCHFUL STRANGER

Thisscene isdesigned to make achannctr feel very furan

While out walking, acharacter spies aman in a dark blue suit
are a fea walking toward her. The man slows while she passes,
‘makes an almost predatery circle around her (making no effort
conceal hisstares either), and then walks on his way. A character
‘who has manifested Auspex ot whohas the Intuition Talent may
feel a seal shiver 2s the man sizes her up. Depending on how you
describe him, the player might think the man isan FBI agent, a
rival mobster, a rapist or human predator, or even a Lupine.

In fact, icisentirely upto the Storyteller. The man could
bbe any of the above, or he could be a Kennedy operative, a
‘Camarilla ghoul, or even a former classmate of the character's.
A sensitive character will still feel the aforementioned shiver,
however; each characteris being watched by a wraith.

If the character decides to follow upon (or even follow) the
‘man, the Stonteler should makeadecision astois identity. One
Possible sugrestion isto make him an Inquisition operative, who
recalls "serange feeling" from the characterand notes this. These
‘notes could be wed in Act Il to identify the character. Another
possibilty isthat the man isa thal of one of the Chikiren of lac:
Why the servant takesan interest might be justacoxncidence, but
‘twill sill enable the Chikiren to find the character more easly

New Toys

Each of the charactersdevelops one level of Potence upon
ingestion of the blood. However, afte the second drink, they
also manifest an additional Discipline. The playersmay choose
any Discipline they wish, so long as Andreas knows it, of
course. Since the characters have not been instructed in these
ants, they should choose Disciplines that reflect thei person:
alities and vocations. For example, the housewife in the above
example might manifest Auspex, as she is used to paying
attention to several things at once. The accountant, however,
might be more inclined to develop Presence, if for no other
reason than to finally get some respect and attention.

‘Some restrictions apply, however. Fist, acharacter must
have an Occult rating of at least two and/or spend a good
‘amount of time around dead bodies to learn Necromancy. A
character learning Neceomaney sight teach himself level
cone Ritual, such as Call the Hungry Dead, but not learn the
first dot on the Sepulchre Path until given some training.
‘Second, each player must roll Stamina (difficulty 6) after the
first drink of Andreas vitac. Failure on this roll inlicates that
the character has become infected with Vicissitude. I the
player selects Vicissitude asone of hischaracter's Disciplines,
the newly infected ghoul will likely have little control over
this new power. This makes for some very disturbing "acct-
dents," as a character might stroke het childs face only to
watch it come off in her hand or pet a dog that may only
hobble away afterward. For more information on Vicissitude
sms a disease, sce the Guide to the Sabbuat, pages 124-125.

‘Act Fast Commason

B

Asan option, the Storyteller might choose which Disci-
pines the characters learn herself. Since the characters learn
them instinctively, this may make more sense, so long as the
players trust the Storyteller in making this decision.

In describing how the Disciplines manifest, the Story:
teller should make every effort not to use game terms. If a
character has learned Auspex, the Storyteller should describe
this in an appropriate manner, such as, "You can hear your boss
‘coming from down the hall. You hear not only his tromping.
footsteps, but a sickly grating sound as he chews his hourly
cigar," not, "your senses of hearing and sight are doubled."

Remember also that all the ghouls have a dot of Potence,
‘which has now greatly changed their liting capacity. Consider:
AA character who has a Strength of 2 can lift about 100 pounds
‘comfortably, widwun de Proxy Kis. Now, however, shecan lift

250 pounds —more than twice what she is wed to! This change
in physical prowess and the inherent difficulty in controlling it
should certainly be addressed in a character's frst day as.a ghoul.

AAs far as Disciplines such as Presence and Dominate,
which affect others, describe them in terms of reactions.
Waiters may serve a character with Presence first, while a
character with Dominate may suddenly find his secretary
much quicker to grant a lecherous request.

‘Characters may alsodiscover that they can make themselves
foster, stronger and! more durable fo short periods of time. This
shouldbe handled in much the same way, with theexception that,
after it happens, they feel drained, weak and agitated. They crave
something, but just what it is they have to figure out by
themselves (not that it should take much figuring)

For the time being, do not place emphasis on the conse-
quences of using these new powers. The characters should.
feel as though for some reason, they have been placed above
their fellow humans. If some sort of minor god complex
follows this all the better. The aim of the Proxy Kiss, as far as
Andreas is concemed, i to change these mortals to monsters
before they are even considered for the Embrace.

Tue Rep Beverace

Visit thisscene on the character with the highest | lumanity
rating. While out walking, perhaps to or from work, the charac-
terhearsseveral cat horns, and then titesscreeching followed by
the crunching scund of metal on metal. If she investigates, she
sees that two new *nutomobiles" have hit head-on.

There are two people in one car, man anda woman. The
woman sawake but dazed, while the man's ead hangs loosely
infront of him. A quick check reveals that both are alive.

The other car's occupants were not so lucky. The passenger
‘hangs half-in, half-outofthe windshield. Blood oozes down over
the hood ofthe car from his mangled face and from open wounds
‘emis tone. The driver fared even worse, as the steering column
_came up to meet hum when the cars collided. Itnow rests midway
through his chest cavity. Both men are apparently dead.

How thisscene plays depends on the character's stanus as far
asvitne goes If for any reason, she has spent ht fit blood point,

she isin mild withdrawal. In this case, the blood spilling over the
hhood and out of the driver's door (which flew open) looks odlly
inviting, and she finds herself growing ravenous. The player must
roll Self Control (difficulty 4), s pe the usual frenzy ules she
fails to ress frenzy, she horrifes herself by drinking deeply ofthe
‘blood, either by licking it off of the car or directly outof ane of the
men's wounds If this happens, the character hearsa low moan as
she feasts. Looking up, she sees the man whore blood she is
<deinkingblink hiseyesand whisper, "What...areyou..doing" He
then dies, look of horor and revulsion frozen on his face. The
chamcter must immediately check for Humanity degencration.

If she succeeds in resisting the frenzy, she may take
‘whatever action she wishes. However, asshe does so, she sees
1 small, white mongrel walk carefully up tothe car and begin
Ticking the blood from the seat on the driver's side. If the
‘character cals attention to herself, he dog looks up, panting,
its white muzle stained pink and its tongue covered in blood.
Have the player rll Perception + Animal Ken (difficulty 6).
‘Success indicates that the character feels a curious sense of
identification with the mongrel.

If the police arrive while the character is feasting, they
arrest her, though the Giovanni bail her out later.

"The worst part about the whole affairs that the Blood does
not even offer the benefits of vampiric vitae — the character has
thirst that does notdependon the power ot potency ofthe blood.

THe SHooTING

‘This vignette should be run with acharacter who has ties
to the Mafia. If no such character exists, choose the character
you feel would be most likely to embrace the Mob asa career.

While dining in one of the numerous restaurants in
Boston's north end, the character sees two men seated at a
table, facing each other, talking heatedly in Italian. If the
character understands Italian, he will know that they are
discussing an upcoming vote. The vote would disallow cer-
tain tax breaks, which were heretofore allowable. A character
with ratings of two in Finance or Lawand in Streetwise knows
that gangsters often use tax loopholes to "launder" money.
‘One man argucs that the issue must be voted upon, and there
isn't anything he can do about it (an Intelligence + Linguis-
tics roll, difficulty 7, reveals that he speaks Italian with a
slight Irish accent). The other man not-so-calmly replies that
if the issue is not voted down, there may be other "issues"
arising soon for "you fucking micks" At this point, the
Irishman stateshispointin nouncertain terms:"KingSolomon
‘can fuck off, and so can you," whereupon he rises, drops a roll
of cash on the table, and moves to leave.

‘The other man rises and pulls a gun. At this point, allow
the player to calculate his initiative. He must have an
initiative rating of at least 7 to act before either of the other
‘owe men (che only other people here are staff, all of whom:
dive for cover). Ifhe does not interfere, the Irishman, seeing
the other's reflection in the window, spins, draws his own gun
and fires five times. The Italian falls backward over the table
‘anid his gun discharges as he hits the floor.

Nuova Maar

u

roll as though determining where the bullet willy
lessof the result, the bullet strikes the character in the
roll, bur
acter takes two heal

in, the result doesn't
of damage. (Re
y soak this
simply a normal mortal, he would have no
ha

) and bleeds freely

wv the player a s

shou, the character 1

is your chy

the upper arm (which

This, of coune, is where the character discovers another

the wou

boa point

Insteadofa messy

f course, might frighten or

arm. T

I, particularly since hi
ly has

blood around.

sain of a much worse wound than he

tis also noteworthy that there is a lot

int must check

aracter who has just used his last blood p
we. Although the out
ar wreck (this man is truly dead!

LI Conscience (difficulty 8) or check for degenera.

tion if his Humanity

THe Par

house party

ptosee the benefits to working with

nk

y. and then provide their secon.

The atmosphere is

lays, everyone

ally good tim

Scene Two, is one Mr.

lawyer, who is a "friend!
Paul DiCarioi

1e. The host of t
Paul DiCatl
f the Giovans

cousin to Stephano Gi

few generations. While he knows the true narun

and has, in fact,

associated with t
they tend to leer

five years

balance his liv
oul. While he ¢

ceived!

wanni gets him,

1 Proxy Kiss, h

1s profesional, dletta

aughters (ane of whor

him. However, he always wins their cases, ever

the fam

last time, sand pe

solicitous of any

While DiCa

ames up w

he prosecutor to be somewhat les

contemporar
chapter. More
Dramatis Pers

The parr
Fappers and

‘Act: Fst Commaanon

Bb

en photograph
nantic candlelit ev

anni aswciates who come

has already had federal age

characters Embraced at the end

wing when the charact


‘musicians, while a host of black stewards dresed in immaculate
back suits camry trays of hors d'oeuvres and glasses of wine and
whiskey. The characters can mix as they wish, meeting a variety
of people. The Storyteller is free to populate the party with
whatever characters he likes, but some ideas are listed below.

Paul DiCarlo: A tall, whip-thin man of about 40, Paul
is Italian but speaks with aslight Boston accent. He is dressed
ina fine gray suit, and seems out of place at hisown party. He
‘often throws wistful glances at the younger folks around him,
If spoken to, he welcomes the characters to his home, offers
them a drink, and introduces them around. Present are
several other lawyers, two judges, as well asa handful of local
businessmen and even a few obviousand notorious gangsters.
The only member ofthe family present, however, is Stephano
Giovanni. He will point out the characters to DiCarlo and
‘mention their association with the Giovanni.

The characters should recognize this party as a way to
make a lot of powerful acquaintances in the city. This will
become very important later in this chapter, s0 pay attention
to whom they speak and how politely they do so.

Stephano Giovanni: Stephano has little to say to the
characters. He is, however, able to supply some of Andreas'
blood, should the characters be craving it badly (see The
‘Second Drink, below, for how this affects them).

Grace Michaels: A flapper of about 19, Grace wears her
‘blond hair short and her bright yellow skirt even shorter. Her
eyes have a smile for everyone even when her mouth doesn't
(which usually means itis otherwise engaged). She drinks
whiskey without acare inthe world, dances through the party
Paying no heed to the hour or the number of stares (and
propositions) she gets, and tends to hike her skirt higher and
higher as the night goes on. They characters can't help but
notice her, and any of them who would feel attracted to such
a woman feel themselves lusting for her.

fa character decides to proposition Grace, he finds her
choosy. She enjoys the attentions of both men and women, but
she only likes beautiful women (Appearance 4 or higher). Men,
she isn't quite so particular about, but prefers large, strong, and
preferably Italian men to all others. A would-be seducer (or
sehuctres) must rll Appearance + Subeerfuge (dificulty 7,0 6
ifthe above requirements are met) to gether attentiononly one
success needed for this: Prosonce negates the need forthe more
conventional eduction ritual; Grace becomes so intrigued that
she propositions the charactet henet

Paul's house has several bedrooms upetairs, some of which
are allready in use. The master bedroom is empty, however. The
door has been close al night and the temperature ofthis room
is clone to 100 degrees. Should they enter, both Grace and the
character begin to sweat the moment they pass the door.

Grace ts a gurl best described as kinky. Bisexuality and
D&S (Dominance and Submission) games are simply not
discussed with the same flagrancy as they are now, though
they are certainly practiced. Whether with a man or a
‘woman, Grace prefers to be submissive. With a woman, she

‘expects to be told what to do, and demurely performs what-
ever isasked of her. She does not make eye contact and keeps
her head lower than her lover's. She gladly accepts whatever.
attentions female lover gives her, butdoes noc ask for them.

With a man, much the same thing goes, but Grace
enjoys being forced, to a degree. She struggles just enough
to make a man work to keep her in place. Wamen reper
by pinning her arms, she moans, clamps her legs around
him, and submits completely.

Pinning Grace's arms is probably a wise move. During
sex, Grace has a tendency to claw, and her nails are very
sharp. She bites her lip to keep from screaming and digs her
nails in. When she calms down some, het lip is bleeding, asis.
the character's back unless he has restrained her.

Describe the sight of blood, the smell of blood, the feel
of sex, the oppressive heat, the sounds of sex from other
rooms the smell of whiskey and the music, which breaks into,
a frantic drum soloasthe tryst buildsin intensity. Grace looks
‘pat the character, helplesly, shuts her eyes, and places his
handson her neck. Have the player roll Self-Control tocheck
for frenzy (difficulty 8). If the character fails, he becomes
caught up in Grace's game of submission and squeezes.

‘The sex changes auddenly, as Grace struggles, bu is much
too drunk (and too weak by comparison) to escape. Her larynx
collapses in the character's hands, and her ongasmic whimpers
changes to wet gasps as her throat fills with blood. It leaks out
of the comers of her mouth, which should spur the character
‘onall the more. The next thing the character knows, his vision
clears and Grace is lying on the floor, her body still warm, and
her murderer's mouth wet and stained with her blood.

‘Stephano can arrange forthe body to be removed with a
minimum offs, bute docsask the character what happened.
He will confirm the story by using his powers of Necromancy
on Grace's corpse. Stephano does not show his opinion on the
matter, but it is that the characte is a weakling who has no
control over the power he has been given. That character has
‘eared Stephano's (literally) undying enmity.

"The Scance: A xsoup of people is experimenting with «
Ouija board in the basement. Ifa character joins them, there
issudenly a change in the ait. It grows cold, and the board
begins to quiverslightly. In thedark, the character feels gust
of air actos the back of her neck.

Thisisdue tothe fact that a wraith follows each character.
‘The wraith in question isramed Regina, and ifthe character
is suitably impressed, or expresses an interest in identifying or
helping the ghost, Reginald takes a liking to him. If the
character isskeptical or tiesto find a way to exorcise the sprit
Reginald is annoyed. (Reginald's attitude toward the charac-
tersbecomes important in later years.) In thischapter, be helps
them regardless of their actions, but later on, his motives
become more significant (more information on Reginald can
bbe found in the Dramatis Personae chapter).

‘Susanna DiCarlo: Susanna is Paul's niece, and is here
against her better judgment. She is 17, about to enter her last

Noo Mama


year of high school, and wants to take a story back to the girls
when classes begin.

‘The man hittingon her, however, isnot what she wants. He
isa gofer at best, and a revolting toady at worst. He works for one
‘of the businessmen present, but his employer has already left.

When Paul notices this slug making advances on his
niece, he moves to put a stop to it. Stephano, however,
intervenes, and tells Paul not to worry; that he will fix it. He
then sends one of the characters (preferably someone intimi-
dating) to shoo the man away.

‘The man is rade when first approached, and remains unless
the character mentions that he is an associate of the Giovanni.
‘Then, Susinna's would-be suitor ums white asa sheet, apologizes
to the point of embarneement, and flees out the door, never
looking back. This should ive the character some inking ofthe
powerand spect that being a Giovanni employee carries with it

‘The party concludes around 4 A.M. Paul thanks the
characters for coming if dhey have ot already left, and says
they will remain on his guestlist

Seconp Drink

‘Sooner or later the characters are going to feel the need
for blood. Perhaps they want to become more powerful than,
they are, perhaps the simply need a fix. Either way, they do
have a number to call.

‘The number reaches Hank. He's expecting them, of
‘course, and asks them to come to his office.

Hank' soffice isdesolate. vacant loseparatesthe buikling
fisel from others, and there is neither doorman nor front desk.
‘Hank tells them on the phone to take the stairs to the second
floor, and that his office is atthe end of the hall. The building
appears to be new and in good repair, but no one exceys Hank
scemstoberentinghere. The staircase sill ells of sawchst, and
the hallway to his office is long and badly lit. There arenosounds
save for a squeaking from the office (his chai).

‘The character(s) find Hank sitting at his desk with
stacks of paperwork in front of him, almost like a Dickensian
protagonist. He smiles at them, and asks them how dey ate.
Ifthe characters tell stories of their new condition, he does
not yield any useful information, he simply says that it's
‘normal and it will pass. He then offers each character present
a large, sealed tumbler full of blood.

is probable, at this point, thatthe characters have not
realized what they drank. If asked, Hank replies sarcastically
that itis "fine Italian wine" called "vitae" (which he pro-
ounces "wittye"). Any character who understands Latin
will recognize this as "life." Ifa character comments that he
hhas never heard of it, Hank replies "Really? It's all che
Kindred drink." If asked who the "Kindred" are, he answers
thar the family heads aud decision-makers (or "wise guys," if
the characteris streetwise) call each other "Kindred."

‘Ac any rate, the tumbler contains two points of Andreas
‘Hood. Immediately upon drinking, the ghoul feels the wash of
power she felt the night before, but doubled. Her eyesimmediately

fall upon a portrait of Andreas hanging on Hank's wall. The Blood
Bond is two-thirds formed. and when Hank tell the characters
that Andreas desires their presence at his home on Sunday night,
they fee elated, flattered and probably quite impatient

‘The Finat DRINK

‘Sunday, August 18, shortly before midnight, the characters
find themselvesseated in adark livingroom, waiting for Andreas.
‘The only light comes from the moon in the window, and the if
the characters try the light, they find them inoperative.

The room contains a sofa, several comfortable chairs, a
fireplace with a heavy gid in front oft (which is padocked into
place if the characters ook closely) and several cabinets with
shelves of silver kettles and plates. What the moonlisht catches
‘moat clearly, however, is a tapestry. A character whose player
makes sxccenful Perception + Academics sil ll (dificulty9)
‘estimates itsage at several hundred years. The scene depicts along
‘able, around which 13 people are seated. A numberof the faces.
are shadowy and indistinct, but some are fail clear. These faces
are of Marianna and the player' characters from the previous
installments ofthe Giovanni Chronicles (i you didnot play the
firs three installments and are using eklers of your own creation,
describe thove three and make up 11 more, should the characters
take interest). This tapestry was mentioned briefly in Blood and
Fire; the players may remember it, though theircurent characters
have neverseen it. However, asthe chancterslock over the faces
in the tapestry, a cold chill runs down cach of their spines

‘Atthis point, Andreas enters quietly. He takes a moment
to examine the characters, then walks among them, patting
their shoulders and fondling their hair. Histouch isalways very
familiar, like the touch of a close friend or lover. He is just as
affectionate to men asto women, and heterosexual men might
well respond warmly to him, in spite of themselves.

If acked about the tapestry, Andreas explains that it was
Jhanging in a mausoleum in Rome, and he broughe it with him to
the New Woeld. He doesnot know its origins but he makes some
vague comments about who the figures were (as far ashe knows
ifone of the ekler characters was noble of any impute, hel
{know it, bur serfs and wanderers are beyond his knowledge. He
knows who the individuals areas Kindred, but doesn't tell the
shouls that). He then stands in front of the fireplace, and nods to
‘someone who the characterscan't wee. Ar this point. a light on the
mantle swtcheson,revealingthe poetaitof Andreas fromHank's
office hanging over the fireplace.

Take a moment here and allow the players to consider,
silently or aloud, how the blood bond affects their characters.
‘The housewife character in the above examples might see
‘Andreas as her ideal affair, while the accountant may regard
|himas anew employer, albeit an employer to whom he feels
he owes his life The bond is not always romantic or sexual
love, butthis s certainly a possibility (especially for Andreas;
see his entry in the Dramatis Personae chapter).

"Now," he says, "itis time for you to find out the source
of your new etrength, as well as the nature of your
‘promotions... pardons, as the case may be.

‘Ack Fast Comanson

u

‘We have acustom in the family. When
d, they drink of the don's blood. After this ceremony,

valty should be assured, and they can be trusted with

sew members ate

Atthis point, Andreas reaches into his
mall dagger. He
aces it to the lips of the nearest character.
If th

e characters were not two-thirds Blood Bound
ady, they would probe

ly run. If any character balks at

drinking blood directly from a man's hand (unlikely

rollh

we her player

+ Willpower (difficulty varies, depending on then

tet). If she succeeds, she

may refuse, for all the does her. Andreas then com.

aracter's mouth open for the final drink
character possesses the Unbondable merit, things
ogress somewhat differently. A smart character will play

+ Empathy roll (diffic
that has

ni

nt chan over the other characters

However, a resistant character not only receives the third

drink, but may well cause Andreas to schedule a session of

avy-handed Dominate if she continues to resist.

that all

However unlikely, itmight happ thecharacters
and run. Andreas is prepared for this. Boch of the doors

aut ofthis room are locked, and there are several wraiths

pani
leary

in the room. If most or all of the characters try to bolt or attack
Andreas, the wraiths possess them and hold their bodies sill
Once the bond is complete, Andreas
a few moments to let the vitae sink in. Th
returns, and with it

ows the characters

yw-farniiar rush
goflove, loyalty and posibly
lust for Andreas. Make it very clear that whatever the character's
feelings toward other people, be they family, friends, etc, they
are now willing to ill or die for Andreas Giovanni.

After a m

rics afeeli

Andreas speaks
of ce family, tnd jr

"You are now

beloved ws petsare inary Garily

fe no mistake, you are now in

risk, for not only will che m

1d oF imprisoned, but you serve a
vdred..yet. Might you be? Pethaps some-

lection of those we favored and those
wedidnot. Yousee, those we favor are preserved with vitae and
sven strength. Those we do not are bound, so they will nt flee
or betray us. What is the difference? Not a god damned thing.

"You are not Ki

day. Butnow, youare:

"Youhaveseen some of yournew power, ou will ear more
2 time goes on. I suggest you compare notes, as I have better
things todo. L will be checking on you from time to time, but for
the most part, you report to Hank. He will give you your fist
asignment, after you've discussed anything you wash among
yourselves." He walks to the door, and the characters feel an
immediate longing as be leaves. "Uh," he adds, turing back.

Nuova Mama

B

something about restless shades serving God as punishment for
discespect? There are several with us tonight, and you may join
them at a moment's notice." If Grace died at the hands of a
character, henods tohim and whispers" One ofthem would love
tobe reacquainted with you." He then leaves the room.

‘The characters may discusstheirnew condition foras long
as they like. When they finish, Hank enters and sis in a chair.
He smilesbroadly, winks at any attractive women in the room,
and digs through his pockets, finally coming up with a
matchbook. On itis written "Red Carpet" in gold lettering.

‘He informs them that the place is a speakeasy, and a very
successful one. However, it is currently owned by Chatles
Solomon, the most powerful mortal head of organized crime in
New England. Hank tells them that, by hook of by crook, the
place must be in the hands of the Giovanni by next Friday. He
‘can provide them with documents, information, or the like,
but they must do the legwork, and they must check the place
‘out. Rumor has i, Hank says that a profitable new industry is
Inwed at the club, and Andreas Giovanni wants in on it.

‘Asthe characters leave, Hank stops one (choose someone,
tur one who has ether shown respect, kindness, or some good
solid common sense to Hank in the past). He tells that character
that becoming Kindred means becoming a "made man," in the
highest sense ofthe word. However, there are only so many slots
to fill Hank makes it very clear that, no matter how vivid the
iusion ofamaraderie the charactersare incompetition forthe
‘greatest prize of all; becoming more like Andreas.

Scene Four:

THE SPEAKEASY

‘The Red Carpet presents the front of being a social club;
dancing is allowed, alcohol is not. However, the front room
ssusually populated by people who are either not street smart

‘or who are in the employ of the club's owner, Charles
‘Solomon. Access to the back room, where the bar is located.
requires knowledge of aspecial password, which varies weekly.

In trying to acquire the club, the characters can try
several avenues.

Buwino ine Cun

‘Solomon does not own the club legally. A check of records
shows hata man named George Goldman holds the deed. This
ccoukl be a break for the characters, as Gokdman is fatly easy to
‘manipulate, which ss why Solomon uses him in the first place.

‘Goldman can be found with little effort; he rarely eaves
his home. He is a widower and a veteran of the First World
‘War. The stress of combat, coupled with his present stress of
being in the Mob's pocket, has taken years off his lif.

Ifthe characters come calling during the day, Goldman
‘ean be seen through his front window. He is sitting at a desk
playing chess with an unseen opponent (there is, in fact, no
‘one there). A tough-looking man in an expensive suit an-
swers the door. He asks would-be visitors their business, and
then asks Goldman ifhe'sexpecting anyone. He'llsay no, but
both he and the guardare gullible. Gaining accesstoGokdman
should pose no real problem.

Once inside, they can ask George about the club. He
rambles off on tangents frequently, however, and talking with
hhim should prove a frustrating experience. He will tell the
characters thar the club is not for sale, and if they threaten
‘him, he summons his guard to show them out.

Dominate can be used on Goldman, but Presence confises
himsomuch thatheasksthe characterstoleavesohecanliedown.
Ihe sforced to sell or give the cub to the characters he tells them
that his lawyer is unavailable until tomorrow. If one of the
characters can act as. lawyer, the deal can be done immediately
{fnot, he setsup an appointment for the nextday (by which time
‘his guard will have reported to Solomon, and Goldman will be
dead. Ifthe characters kill or otherwise prevent the guard from
reporting, they may return and purchase the club).

the characters break in at night, there is still a guard on
duty. The guard is sleeping on a sofa in the front room,
however. Each character entering the house must score thee
successeson a Wits + Stealth rol (difficulty 6). Otherwise, the
guard awakens He is armed with a revolver, and choots to kill.

‘A thorough search of the place tums up a cash hoard of
about $1000 hidden in a locked box on top of a tll bookcase.
‘There is alo a strongbox under Goldman's bed containing his
will and the deeds to several propertics, including the speakcamy.
His will stipulates that all is goods be lef to is son, Luther.

The characters can try doctoring the will or the deed, if
they like. This requires someone with at least three dots of
‘Streetwise (preferably with specialty in Forgery) and some-
‘one with at least two dots in Law. A would-be forger must
acquire five successes on a Dexterity + Streetwise rll (diffi-
culty 7;thisisan extended action with each toll indicating 30

minutes of work),

‘Act: Fast Comaason

»

NeoortaTinowrrn Socomon

Getting in touch with Solomon is difficult enough. Hank
can ell che characters where he lives, bur getting in to see him
‘eaqites getting through his funkies. Ifthe characters seem to
be discussing using violence to get to him, inform a player
‘whose character has high Perception or Oecult score that he
feels a scrange presence with them. They then hear a voice
whisper the words, "Choose your battles" This is Reginald,
trying to keep the charactersalive. Hopefully, this hint will be
«enough to stop them from attacking Solomon directly.

If they visit Solomon, all the players mast make a Manipula-
tion + Etiquette ol (dficulty8). Ifthe combined total isles than
five (butstll positive) succeses,theyare told politely but firmly that
Solomon wil nor sell If the total is berween five and 10, they are
told that he consider it and tocome back at the end ofnext week.
Ifthe rol isfailed or botched, they are tod toleave in no uncertain
terms, and get the fling things mighe get viokene if they tay,

If the total successes are greater than 10, however, they are
admitted to see one of Solomon's top men, Richard Lake. Lake is
in his mid-50s, but looks fit and trim. He ts ad and has friendly
smile on his face when the characters are shown to his cfice.

He explains that he cannot authorize the sale at this
time, because the club is going to be used as a business
experiment. Ifthe characters seem interested, he hands them
cach a red silk pocket handkerchief with the initials "C.
monogrammed tothe comer, and tellsthem togo the clubon
Friday night, and that the password is "Pugilis." He has
nothing else of value to tell the characters.

Hrrnino me Srreers,

some characters have street contacts, they might try
finding out information about the club by asking around. The
following information about Red Carpet is available on the
streets; who knows what and what they have to be bribed to
reveal it sup tothe Storyteller. I bears noting, however, that
Hank could find out any of this information in a day or 30, and
will faked. He wll remind them, however, that relying on him
too much reflects badly on thei ability to think for themselves.

* The password this week is "Pugilist."

*# There's some kind of special purty happening this week-
‘nd, jrdgng from the amount of whiskey Solomon purchased.

* The guest list includes several higher-ups in the city
government (if the characters think to ask, they find that
some of the guests were also at Paul DiCarlo's party; he
himself was not invited).

* Word has spread that some new form of gambling will
bbe introduced on Friday. Speculations include racing dogs,
dogfights and boxing.

* The police are being heavily bribed to steer clear on
Friday, but the chief received an invitation (this piece of
information should not come easily)

Tue Cun (nerone Fripay)

The front room is about hall full, some people dancing, a
‘able of men in suits playingcards. The room lookscontnved and,

dull, s though the people here are paid to pose and would much
rather be somewhere else (which is true, for the most pat)
‘There ts a door at the back of the room marked "Private.~ If the
‘characters knock a this door, they are asked the password: the
correct answer this week is "Pugilis," as stated above.

Behind this door is a narrow, stufy hallway that reeks of
cheap perfume. It goes on just long enough to make the charac-
ters claustrophobic, and then their escort opens another door.

‘The room beyond this door slike acamival. Nearly 100
people dance, drink, and laugh to loud big band music. This
place differs from DiCarlo's party in that his, while decadent,
was till very classy. Not so with this place. As the characters
search the room, they see couples immodestly kissing and
fondling each other on the dance floor. At one of the few
tables in the room, an immense and hideous man shoves a
young woman underneath the table and slouches in his seat.
‘The look on his face changes from amusement to bliss to
distortion, then he opens hisbilfold, throws some cash undet
the table, and walks toward the bar, zipping up his pants. The
woman crawls out from under, stuffsthe money into her dress,
and begins working the crowd again, wiping het mouth.

‘The dance floor makes up the bulk ofthe room. The bar
issmall and set along the hack wall. Three steps lead down to
the dance floor asthe characters enter, and there are similar
steps on the other three sides of the floor. The steps on the
sides lead to small areas with five tables apiece, but all are
‘occupied. There isno apparent source of the music. The walls
are bare and wooden, colored in places by a spilled drink, or
a blood or vomit stain. There are several little alcoves in the
walls, Some are empty, some contain whores peddling them-
selves or other salespeople selling drugs or small firearms.

‘The characters may speak to whomever they wish. Most
of the patrons are here only to havea good time. Noone here
‘can answer questions about the club's ownership, nor about
Friday's activities. The bartender, if asked, tells the charac-
ters that if they enjoy betting on sports, they can buy a pass
for Friday for 10 dollars. These passes are red silk handker-
chiefs. monogrammed with *C. S."

I che characters are unfamiliar with this part of society (ie,
10 dats in Streetwise), the club should thoroughly shock ther.
Aleohol, theyprobably expected: buthere,sex,drugsand violence
are on sale as welll Ifa character expresses distaste too loudly, dhe
will be ejected from the chib into a back alley. Any threat to call
the police ismet with laughter from the security men (and, in fact,
the police do not come if called). Thae character will not be
allowed back in without special (and grudgingly given) permission
from Lake or another high-ranking member of Solomon's gang.

‘The characters can dance and purchase drugs, favors of
booze until the club closesat5 A.M., but noone here can help
with the acquisition. Guests are expected to "know people."

Paut DiCarto

If the characters think oft, they can visit DXCarlo on the
subject. Paul DiCarlo isa very talented lawyer, and might be
able to lean on Solomon enough that he agrees to sel the club

‘Nuova Maan


(that particular club isn't all that important to him anyway
though he does not realize what an effect the place has had on.
him. See "Why the Giovanni Want the Club," above). DiCarlo
setsupameeting between himself and Lakeat Paulo's Rist
in the North End, and asks that the characters be present
Lake and DiCarlo circle each other in conversation for a
le, then get down to business. Lake's asking price is fifty
4 dollars. This is about twice as much asthe club is worth,
J much more than Andreas would be willing to pay. La
WCark
However, the lowest Lake will drop is $38,000, unles the charac
ingpower on him. Itshould be noted that
difficult
cof his requirements is that owner

and the characters can haggle as much as they wish.

Lake's Willpower score is 8, making. hin acct with
such abilities. In any case,

shup of the chub will be passed after the "spectal event" on Friday
Scene Five:
THe FIGHT

This scene takes place on Friday night, August 23. By this

d the club, or
st part of this

time, the characters should have either acquit
status of the club
Thefightisschedhuled tooccurat 11 PM.Atthattime,anyone

who did not presenta red handkerchief (or who isnot attached to

someone with such ahandkerchief)sexcorted
is cleared. and a man in a trees walks to th

Tonight," he says,
Carpet. Right here

we have something new at the Red
on the dance floor, or your entertainment.
two expert fighters will go toe-to-toe, without boxing
without bells, without water breaks and without a referee

may place your bets at the bar, but first, may I direc
attention to the door on my right?" He gestures, and fr
door on hisright walksablack man, wearingonly apsi

shorts. He is nearly seven feet tall, and walks with a sigh
A scar begins on his left ankle and runs up the leng

th his shorts. He is bald, b

and thoroughly savage-looking. "Ou

the land of Afe

disappearing ben
Weighing 368 pounds, may I present, Morabi!"

lenger!" The man who walks th
match. He appears short, but this
the African. He i thin, but obviously mu

of tained blue pants, a white shir, a derb

back shoes He looks the crowd over,

ugh the door hardly seems a
‘only due to his proximity t
ular. He wears pair
and newly shined
sat theornamen
attached to

tal young lad of the patrons. He has

charming blue eyes, and a mop ht red hair, which falls.
from his hat as he tips it to the ro

‘on the shores of Ireland, but left for America atthe tender age of


nter has led hin

the streets of New York, and that
10 us. Ladies and gentlemen, I give
Seattered boos, catcalls and shouts of
rupt from the crowd. One man near the charac

A mick anda nigger in aring beating each other to

smiles, shakes his head and lights a cigar

bets, minimum bets are 20 dollars. The
two in favor of the

pensfi

ent African. Once all bets

Joes not go as predicted. Morabi, while st

;pasmall car, isfighting someone who is used to not

re when a punch is delivered. Colm also fights dirty
¢ shot is at Morab's throat. Colm circles him, ducking,
He fin:
ite fast enough.

red hair and punches his face. Colm
pitting blood into the African's eyes. He drops
im scrambles back, bleeding badly from the nose

getting his own in when he c y gets

fe, and doesn't mov forabi

around during all this, they notice
s. Some patrons look

xcitedly cheer

stutbed by the fight, but

pter. Them
Jin this sentiment by
with a much younger

srtheir chosen f n with
and isjotn

arby, an older m:

Kill him!
his hand between her thighs as she watches. If
ine staringat her, she smiles and blows him akiss.

be on the ropes, and Morabi c
w. Ash

ses in for
does, Colm ducks the punch, grabs

Morabi's scrotum in his right hand, and squeezes. The Afri
an screams with pain, and lashes out, but Colm has already
moved. He jabs two fingers at the African's rig
draws them back bloody. Morabi falls to one knee

eye, and

The fight is really over at this point. Colm continues t

circle, and throws a jab in whenever Morabi tries to get up.

Finally, he kicks the giant in the teeth with a newly shined
shoe, and keeps kicking until he stays down. The emcee
declares Colm the winner. The few patrons who bet on him

run wo the bar tocollect their winnings. Morabi is dragged off

by three thugs, while Colm is led to a table and given ice
What happe depe

ters obt

ds on how (and if) the chara
ined the club

If the Characters Have Not Obtained the Red Carpet
Andreas and Stephano are in attendance, but donot make

heir presence known. Lake and Solomon are also hete, su

nded by goons. The two Kindred are watchin,
Whatever it ix

hile random, chaotic violence will probably

characters
> wee what their course of action will be
remember tha
get the characters killed and should be discouraged, the charac
ters may be abl

force Sole

to take down Solomon's goons somehow and
ing up the club.

try fails, Andreas steps in and Domi
giving him the club. This causes the
characters to lose a great deal

nates Solomon int

domitor. Bound characters find then

Willpower until And

welves unable to regain
as forgives then


Ifthe Club Was Acquired from Solomon:

Solomon and Lake are here, and as promised, tum over
cownershipto Andreasafter the ight. Andreas isheretoreceive
it, and congratulates the characters on a job well done.

If the Club was Acquired by Treachery:

‘Theficht should stillhappen. Andreastells the charactersto
Jet the club operate as usual until Saturday. However asthe fight
closes, one of the characters feels his head move in the direction
ofthe door (Regina's doing): Through the tong of people, the
character notices Lake leaving. His goons have ao left.

The character may guess that something bad is about to
happen. This is correct; there is a bormb hidden in a case of
whiskey behind the bar. Reginald, the wraith, noticed some
of Solomon's men setting it up. Hopefully, the characters
search the bar quickly; the bomb will go off in five minutes.

Allow each player cognizant of the suspected treachery
toroll Wits Investigation (difficulty 8;the placeiscrowded).
‘This is an extended roll; the first player to reach five successes
finds the bomb (unless, of course, a player states that his
characteris looking in the whiskey crates behind the bar, in
which case he finds the bomb automatically). If, at the end of
five tums, no one has found it, Reginald possesses acharacter
and leadshim toit. Thisdoesnotsolve the problem, ofcourse.
Disarming the bomb requires a Wits + Streetwise roll (difi-
culty 10, oF 6 if the character use the Demolitions Ability
instead). Three succestes are needed; this isan extended rll.

If the bomb explodes, it inflicts 15 dice of aggravated
<damage to anyone within four yards, deafens everyone in the
oom (at least temporarily) and does a great deal of structural
damage as well. Some of this could be avoided by throwing
the bomb out of the window before detonation. Andreas will
see this as perhaps not the best ofall possible outcomes, but
acceptable, and goes to work on getting the club repaired
{and harvesting the soulsof those who died inthe explosion).

Scene Six:
THe Circurr

‘The next evening, Andreas summons the characters to
meet him at the Red Carpet. He congratulates them on a job

7 ceprimmands them for not doing their
assigned task, depending.

Healsotells chem that the fight was a huge success, and he
has already received word that demand is strong for another.
However, he feels that hokling such fights at known speakeas-
desisasking fr trouble. Besides, they tumed alot of people out
last night, who probably went to other clubs, which is money
Jost forthe family. (He also wants co start using the club fo his
own experiments, but the characters aren't toki this).

‘With this in mind, he tells the characters that they and
Hank are now going to be in charge of this endeavor. They

will be responsible for finding fighters, locations, refresh-
ments, and any other sundries that might be necessary tokeep

the patrons happy. Ifthe characters balk at this, he tells hem
to work on it for a while, and if they are still uncomfortable,
they can request reassignment. If they do so, he puts them on
srave-robbing detail until they come around.

This scene functions in much the same way Scene Three
did; the characters can act sinelyor asa unit to put the circuit
together. The scenarios below are meant to cover most ofthe
major goals they should achieve, and how to lead them to
these people and places in particular.

Gero Stantep

‘There are a few things the characters should consider ight
‘off the but. For example, whois going to be the "visible" head of
the boxing circuit? That is, ifsomeone wants to know the time
‘and place ofa fight, to whom do they go to find out? Likewise,
who isgoingto be in charge offinding fighters! Arranging liquor?
Prostitutes! How about making sure the police either don'tknow
‘or don't care? And speaking ofthe authorities, what abou the
Feds? Much more difficult to buy than the locals, they also watch
forundeclared money, so some method of laundering the profits
becomes necessary. The introduction provides alist of recom-
mended Abilities; hopefully the group has a good mix of them.

‘Once they have decided who the "contact man" of the
sroupis, they should inform Hank. Hoursafter Hank istold, that
character is phoned regularly, and from some very important
people. The want to know details, times, places, odds, whether
sls for hire will be there, the quality ofthe whiskey, etc.

‘Thecharactersneed tobe careful here. Anyofthecallscould
bean undercover cop, Fe reporter, orpethapseven rival Kindred
seeking to bring the circuit down. They need to find a way to
distribute information safely, maybe with some form of code.

‘Once the system is worked out, Hank can get it to
‘everyone in the city who needs to see it, within a day.

Location
Finding a functional location for the fights is probably
the most immediate concer, along with finding capable
fighters. Hank proposes several choices to the characters.
'* Outside of town, a good 30-minute drive, Hank knows
of a clearing that may work. If the characters check it out
beforehand, they find a small valley right off the road, with a
‘good-sized copse oftrees. The advantage is that police intefer-
cence practically unheard of, and there iso charge tose the
land. The obvious downside isthat neither the weather nor the
light can be guaranteed. Plus, hauling liquor and/or prostitutes
‘out that far might tu out to be a pain. The not-so-obvious
downside vo this, but one that occurs to Andreas, if he is
consulted, isthat the land is Lupine territory Ifthe fight occurs
here, play up the bright, coo! light ofthe full moon, and the
strange sounds from the cluster of trees not 100 yards away,
‘© A warehouse near the waterfront may work, according
to Hank's sources. One ofthe smugglers who commonly works
for King Solomon offers to host the fight, and easily accessible
whiskey can also be made available (though the characters
must supply any other refreshments). This option is open

‘Acre First Conaanon

3B

non willing p his club, for reasc

Ww. This locale combines the advantages of

r readily available whiskey, a low rental
ecause whiskey profits go to the house, not the Giovanni),
and a space. The pritnary disadvantage ts that the cops
watch the place intermittently, and a lot of expensive cars in
aw parking lot would definitely attract attention. A

«here will almost certainly be raided unless the characters

pe ps off or find another way to avoid it.
The reason that this isan option regardless of Solomon's
att wards the characters has to do with the elder
acters from the first three Giovanni Chronicles. At least

Children of Isaac probal hand in shipping,

have an int an eye on the

learned

keeping her enemies closer, as it were
© Hank alsosamgpests Boston Central Catholic High School
principal, Bill Beretti, is an opium addict and a regul

Giovanni. Hank recommends calling him u

gymnasium can be made available easily, as school isnot yet

Theadvantageshere are many:alarge space:akiteh

wuld the characters wish to serve food), cheap rent (Beretti
will call it even if his pipe is kepe full) and litle police trouble:
The main problem is one of atmosphere; there is little ventila
in the gym. and in August it gets almost stflingly warm.

FIoHTERS

* Ifthe characters contact Effie Feng about opium (sce
Drugs, below), she can introduce them toa young Chinese man
whom she callsher "houseboy." FengLinis. in fact, herson.and

dhampyr. He isa mediocre martial artist, but has managed
learn the fist level of Jade Shinai from his rm. i

Whether or not the ¢
hey will see him later in the chapter. For more
smpyrsand Demon Chi, see Kindred of the

skilled oppone
fighter,

ou do not have access to this book, Fer
himself to the ground, becoming impossible to knock down

throw. He also has four "Chi P h

5" which he may use d

howl means decided ach

© One the characters may take on the resp

ifthe groupse desires Rein

don't frenzy aseasly asKindred, they docheck forfren:
The fight should definitely est the characters self

FY]

the characters He loves America, he say but caves action. He
heard about the fights fron wouriate (he names one of the
thainessmen present) and asksnot tobe invited, but to bea fighter.

‘The characters may balk at this apparent fop wishing to bea
fighter, but Bertrand would bea good choice. He is handkome,
chansmanic, and has a bright, winnung smile. He learned the art of
sovate (French kickboxing) when he wasa boy an has practiced
it asa hobby ever since. He is, however, inexperienced in full
‘contact fighting and wll definitely loc hisfine fight because ofthis.

'* Hank contacts the characters with a prospect. His
name is Bobby Leroy, and he has just been released from
‘prison after serving five years on an assault charge. He worked
briefly for the Giovanni before getting arrested, and wants
back in (his lifelong dream is to become a "made man").
While in prison, he learned to fight dirty. He is lean, very
muscular and terribly antisocial unless one of the family is
around, in which case he is quiet and deferential.

** Whena character, preferably one with ahigh Humanity
rating, i walking alone, he is approached by an old Korean
man. He introduces himself as Cho, and says he'd heard the
character was looking fr fighters. If asked how he knew, he
looks confused, and stumbles with English words fora moment.
It he i told he is too old to fight, he stammers out the word
"Demonstration " Ifthe character provides an opponent, Cho
immobilizes him with a joint lock within three seconds.

Choisa practitioner ofhwarang-do,a Korean martial art.
‘While he looks thin and frail, he is strong for his age and in.
perfect control of his body. He detests fighting, for money or
otherwise, but has a young daughter who needs food and
medicine, and so he sought out the characters (how he knew
about them is another matter — it would seem the streets
have begun to recognize the characters).

If Cho ends up fighting Feng Lin, the fight turns beutal
as Cho's mystical senses detect Lin's unholy heritage. The
fight can end up with ether as the winner, but Lin should
survive to be encountered later.

Aumonmes

‘The characters may have already met some of the local
law enforcement at DiCarlo'sparty or at the Red Carpet. The
cops don't have much loyalty to Solomon in particular, 30
they won't care if he ts ousted forcefully from the club. ‘They
will not, however, turn a blind eye to human cockfights in
theie city without say-so from the chief.

Hank advises the characters to go and se the chieff police,
‘Carl Doohan. Doohan is Irish bom, and doesn't care much for
Italians. However, he is easily bribed. He discovered early on that
his chosen lifestyle — lots of ose and women — could not be
financed on a policeman's salary. When Prohibition came down
andthe Solomon gang came in he struck favorable deal with the
King: If Solomon could get him into power as chief, he could
‘enable Solomon easy access tothe city's liquoe market. As time
went on, he just became greedier and mere complacent until
finally he stopped making an effort to even appear interested.

"That was until Timothy Kennedy stepped in. Timothy isan
ideals (kindly put) and truly believes that Prohibition can work
He fs also deputy chief of police, and watches his supenot very
careflly. This young man has made it very difficult for Dooban to
‘meet with Solomon'smen, assuch a meeting woukd certainly fuel
Kennedy 'sdrive tooust Dochan. So ifthe Giovanni family comes.
calling, Doohan makes his demands clear. He wants five hundred
dollars a week, and he wants Timethy Kennedy dead. If this is
done, he'll gladly allow the fights, and keep his men away.

I the characters asassinate Kennedy, Hank tells them to
keep it quiet, even to make it look like an accident. The last
thing the family needs, he says, is more trouble with the micks.

RernesHments
Depending on where the fight is to be held, boose may
already be handled. If not, the characters must find a way to
import it. Finding a supplier is no problem; Hank can handle
that. Once the rucksare in town, the characters mas transport
them tosome sort of holding facility, get them to the fight scene,
and handle distribution (meaning someone has to tend ba).
Hank can make sure there is wine, whiskey, and beer available;
ifthe characters are smart, they'l provide water a well
‘Alcoholisnotthe only concem, however. Techaracteahave
already heard requests for drugs, andthe "contact" character wil
heat many more. The Giovann\ in Boxton have heretofore ne been
involved with the drug trade, 0 Hank can only fer poms.
‘© Effic Feng is Hank's first call on opium. Getting an
appointment is difficult. However, Hank comes through and
tells the characters where to go and when to be there.
Feng'shome is impressive fromthe outside, a mansion dating
back toColonialtimes Inside, however, breathtaking. Artfrom
China adoms every wall, including aseven-foot-log, thrce-fot-
high jade statue of a Chinese dragon. Feng! "manservant," Lin,
welcomesthem and whersthemintoasittingroomfor acupoftea.
Feng is quite willing to discuss business, and is cool and
professional unless a male character flirts, in which case she
speaks tohimexclusively unless directly addressed by another
character Ifthe player succeeds on a Charisma + Subterfuge
or Seduction roll (difficulty 6), Effie quietly invites him to
stay behind. That character isin forthe night ofhis life. Come
morning, he finds himself barely breathing, and will feel very
drained (and have lost two blood points
Effe's prices are reasonable (fora smuggler), and she agrees
todonate asmall amount of pipe opium as samples" for this ist
fight. After that, it begins to cost, but ifthe samples have their
desired effect, the next fight should have mote takers Ifthe
subject of fighter is raised, she mentions that her manservant is
an accomplished fighter (sce Fighters, above). More informa
tion on Effie Feng is given in the Dramatis Personae chapeer.
* Any druarist in the city has acess to a wide variety of
prescription drugs. Of coune, pharmacists tend tobe very ethical
people, which means that characte wishing to obeain drugs fee
‘one will probably need to tend more toward coercion than

Persuasion. Andreas sugrests "leaning" ona pharmacist —exactly
whom is irrelevant —until he gives. The methodsof intimidation

‘Act: Fst Conner

35

Prostrrution
attractive women at the last fight, and probably few of them
the crowd, offering quickies in the comer and blowjobs under
make in anight. Ifaclient wantstoleave with agi

ight circuit. The charactersneed ton

to speak): where they come from, how many will be

much they charge, etc. There ae several ways toa
Thisisslow work, and fully half the girls refuse to work for ¢
"wops who stole the Carpet."
to the bad side of town, finding girls who pethaps dream of the
the fight to make sure the girls are safe, or coercing her in x
number for the first fight

© Andreas pulls a character or two aside a
some of the clientele enjoyssomewhat... younger. ..partners. He
chooses characters who he feels will be able to make such
arrangements (i., those with low Humanity scores). Findir
child prostitutes (or slaves) probably involves kidnapping, per
haps even from an orphanage. Characters who go through
this despicable act should almost certainly check theit Hi
ity (how low did i sart, anyway!). However, all proceeds
this "young talent," as Andreas puts it, go to them only (n
a small percentage for the Giovanni, of cour).

THe First Font
The characters' choices determine the setting of th
fight. M

Storyteller; this is deliberate, as it allows some roon

thefighesearta. Anyone whohas ever honted a lange pun

Nowa Muara

%

will now thatany number of thingscan and usually do go wrong.
Pethaps Bill Beretti, the high school principal, is passed out in this
office and cannot hear the characters knocking. Perhaps the
‘whores from the brothel are all suffering from an outbreak of
gonorthea or syphilis and are considering cancellation. It is
probably better to spring only one crisis on the characters and see
how well they deal with it; perhaps Andreas himself causes such
mishap jst to test the wits of his new ghouls.

‘The fight itself can also go any number of ways. The
official "rules" to the fights were never nailed down, unless
the characters thought to do so. That in mind, a fight might
well go to the death, depending on who the fighters are. Ifa

player's characteris fighting, his Potence and healing powers
almost assure him victory, but he must be mindful of frenzy —

and that someone in the crowd may recognize his edge.
Keep the fighters in mind, too. Cho does not use strikes
‘often; he relies on throwsand holds. Bobby'sstyle iscagey and.
direys he wses throat and crotch shows, pulls hate and bives.
Bertrand's savate is much more stylized, and he uses kicks to
keep himself distanced from his opponent. Feng Lin will try

to grapple an opponent, then root himself using Jade Shintai.
Ukimately, the winner is upto you. The fight may be resolved

using dice, but freeform combat is recommended (especially
if none of the player's characters ate fighting).

The house — and that means the characters — sets the
odds. If they wish co place personal bets, they may do so.
Likewise, the "refteshments" before, during, and after the
fight need to be coordinated. Hopefully, the characters have
covered their bases with regard tothe police; raid would be
inconvenient, and make the characters look bad.

‘After the fight, the guests take theit leave, and it fill to the
characters to clean up. Hopefully, the characters have hired people
as cleaning sa hiring frends and family, in ft, sa good way to
gamer favors. Even so cleanup takes hours, and the sun i rising
when they eave whatever establishment hented the fight. Asthey
walk totheircars theynotice woothercasthat donot belonghere.

The ghouls may realize they are in danger via Auspex.
Waiting in the cars are four of Solomon's men. As so0n as the
characters exit the building and near the parking lot (oe what-
ever pasesfor one) .tw0 ofthe men open fire with Tomeny guns

SoLomon's Burtonmen

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Bravl 2, Firearms 3

Weapons: Tommy gun (damage 5), Saturday Night Spe-
cial (damage 3)

"Themen fire on full auto. Whether or not the characterscan,
dodge effectively depends on where they are (Storytellers discre-
tion). Combat proceeds asnormal. The twomen on the passenger
sidesof the carshave the machine guns, the other two cary pistols
"None ofthe thugs take more than a few steps away from the cars.

‘The goons bate plan issimple; they ie a the characters or
two tums, then lob two homemade grenades at them. Thee
detonate at the end of the following tur (the grenades "lox"
initiative) and inflict eight health evel oflethal damage toanyone
withinayardof detonation, decreasingby wohealth evel per yard

‘After the grenades go off, Solomon's thugs leave assuming
the characterstobe badly wounded, fnotdead. This, ofcoune,
unlikely — the thugs were sloppy and the characters are ghouls.

‘The Giovanni will be furious If they took the chub by
trickery ot force, they might have expected reprisal but if not,
thiswill come asquite shock. The characters can take anykind
‘ofrevenge they wish, shor ofkilling orattempting tokill Charles
Solomon. Andreasforbidsthem from doings, shouldhe suspect
they are considering it. Whatever they do, itis answered
immediately. The characters have begun a gang war with the
‘most powerful Mafioso in New England. What's worse, Solomon
{550 taken with bloodlust that negotiations are imposuble.

SCENE SEVEN:
THe WAR

Charles Solomon 1s a difficult foe to beat. He has the drive
and the rescurcestocaryona protracted bat withthe Giovani
With the aid of other crimelords, he could probably even win.

However, in May of 1929, Solomon attended the Atlan-
tic City Conference,a massive gathering of Mafiosi hosted by
Meyer Lansky and "Lucky" Luciano, The main purpose of the
meeting was to avoid costly infighting between gangsters and
et on with the business of getting rich. Because of this
meeting, Solomon can call upon litle support from his fellow

Ack Fast Common

Ey

‘gangsters. Even alone, though, a war with Solomon means.
some extra considerations for the fights.

For one thing, security mast be improved. Guards must be
aed, and the guests searched and disartned (if necessary) before
the fight begins. The Giovanni family must spend more money on
weaponry. andeachofthe character should eam tote a weapon.

The characters can plan whatever hits on Solomon and his
‘gang they wish. Some important points in the war are detailed
below, but regardless, Charles "King" Solomon himself should not
die atthe characters hands —he isasassinatedin 1933byanother
rival gang. The war lastsuntiearly tober, younay choose torun
scenes in the war consistently until then, or to simply run the
scenes below and consider them the turing points ofthe war. To
allow the greatest amount of freedom forthe players the vienttes
below are lagely actions taken by King Solomon.

Tne Hyacnino (Earty Septemner)

A shipment of whisky from Ireland is stopped at the
‘docks snd impounded on a Friday aftemoon. I sto be kept
under lock and key in a warehouse until Monday morning,
when the authorities will dispose of i.

Exactly who tipped the cops off i in question. However,
the shipment was supposed to be received by Solomon's men,
and redistributed throughout New England. The cops only
impounded it to stop the Feds from moving the liquor that
night. Now, both Solomon and the Giovanni want the booze.

The warehouse isnot obviously guarded, butthat shouldn't
fool anyone. There ae federal agents inside the warehouse, in
buildings across the street and parked in a nearby parking lot.
‘The characters, should they wish tosteal the whiskey, will need
to bypass or distract these men somehow. The characters can
shoot, ajole, sneak oreven bribe their way tothe boose. There
are 10 crates of whiskey in the warehouse, and each case is
roughly three feet long by two-and-a-half feet high.

Getting by the Feds isn't the main problem. Solomon
wants this whiskey as badly asthe Giovanni — more, actually,
since he paid for it! Through his own police ties, Solomon
Jeams that there will be a "window" on Monday moming at
three A.M. during which most of the agents rotate off their
shifts. He plans to send a five-man team with a delivery truck
to sneak in, bribe or kill any guards in the warehouse (his
sources say there are only two), and make off with the whiskey.
The character, if they have their own ties with the cops or if
they press Hank to get some inside information, can learn this
aswell. Attacking while Solomon's men are there is double the
tisk, but leaving them holding the bag would be well worth it.

Name Your Porson (Min-Septemper)
‘One of the tragedies that came with Prohibition was the
accidental poisoning of thousands of Americans. Some of
these occurred from homemade buvse made with wood
alcohol, and others from booze stored in tin (which causes the
alcohol to become toxic). Solomon and his gang have been
very careful to avoid such mishaps, as it does not contribute

to repeat customers, for obviows remur.

‘So, when King Solomon's men receive a hooch shipment
from southem Massachusetts in tin containers, they are incensed
at first. The vendor, however, wisely offersa refund, and Solomon,
decides he has a use for the "bad stuff." He sends some fhunkies to
‘mix the stuff into the booze being sold at one of the Giovanni's
fights. The characters should have a chance to notice this as it
happens if they are caught, Solomon's hoods wil use the tins as
Molotov cocktails and attempe to set whatever baking they are
inablace. they are noc caught, cary guess start geting sick and
‘require immediate medical treatment, which, in cum, requires an
explanation of why the victim was drinking in the first place.

Tue Hit (Late Sepremnen)

Recognizing that the characters take their cues from
"some shadowy dago," Solomon decides to try to whack
Andreas Giovanni. He finds the characters with their domitor
coming out of a production of Oedipus Rex (a favorite of
Andreas') andhashismen fire into the crowd with submachine
guns. Have cach player roll Wits + Dodge (difficulty 7). If at
least two successes are rolled, that character isafe. Regardless
cof whether the characters are unharmed, several innocent
audience members are harmed, front-page story
‘on Boston's "RAGING GANG WAR!" featuring photo-
sraphs of the characters and theit egnant

‘Solomon has positioned sharpshooters across the street
with rifles. The three of them each fire once at Andreas.
Unless the characters do something (like take the bullet
themselves), all three shots hit, and Andreas falls.

This demands an immediate check for frenzy for the char-
acters (Self-Control dificulty5),Frenzying wouldbe ill-advised:
the sharpshooter can easly take down a charging target (they
have dice pools of 6; their rifles inflict 7 dice of damage). The
‘other problem is that Andreas needs to be removed quickly,
before he is carried off in an ambulance. The characters may ot
‘may not understand the true nature of their master at this point;
ifthey do not, Andreas beckons one of them and demands that
henotbe hospitalised. How the charactershandlethisdefinitely
‘weighs on his choice of childer later in this chapter.

‘THe Fox (Earty Octoner)

‘Solomon shorribly jealous ofthe fighting circuit which,
if the characters are at all competent, should be turning in a
great deal of reverwe for the Giovanni Mob. He therefore
attempts to sabotage the circuit' credibility by fixing a fight.

‘The fighter he goes after is a young Jew named Martin
Gellar. Gellar grew up on a farm and sas strong asan ox, and
nearly twice as emart. He moved to Boston following his
bbeother'sinheritance of the land and found work asa bouncer
in one of Solomon's clubs. Solomon, recognizing the young
man's potential asa pawn, had him enter the circuit.

Gellar's opponent is unimportant, but ideally i sbioukd
bbe someone who looks weak or unskilled (either Cho ot
Bobby would work). Solomon has instructed him to throw

the fight in such a way that it looks planned. Gellar, true to
his instructions, overacts badly and falls after only a few

‘Nuova Maan


punches. The audience doesn't at all buy this (Gellarisa very
large man), and someone in the crowd starts yelling "Fix!"
‘The characters need to defuse the situation. They could
intimidate Gellar into giving an honest fight (this will be
dificult — Gellariseally too stupid to understand that he has
noprotection while atthe fight, and he makes a great show of
‘being loyal to Solomon). They could also find someone else to.
take his place — perhaps one of them. Canceling the fight is
also an option, but that scores Solomon a victory, and he
‘circulates invitation to his own circuit if this happens.

‘Tue Experiment (Anvime)

This is not an attack from Solomon or any other rival
gangster, but is one of Andreas' sick experiments. He has had
very limited experience with Lupines, but has heard stories
that mortals — and ghouls — invariably panic when con-
fronted by one. Hehasbeen anxioustoobserve thisphhenomenon
himself for some time, but has had no opportunity.

‘Stage this scenario when the characters are out of favor,
or, ifnosuch opportunity presents itself, assume that Andreas
is simply too impatient to delay this experiment any longer.
Andreas informs the characters that he needs a corpse, not
more than one month dead, but more than a day (so they
can't just nab someone and kill them). The body must be
relatively intact, and not embalmed or altered.

‘The characters might well wonder where they could find
sucha corpse If, however, a player can rol three successes on,
a Wits + Streetwise roll (difficulty 7), he remembers a patch
‘of land not far from the area outside of town mentioned in
‘Scene Five (under Locations). This land has been used by the
Solomon gang for quite some time to bury bodies (the
Giovanni never seem to want to bury them...) and there are
probably bodies fresh enough for Andreas. If none of the
characters think of it, Hank may tell them.

‘The land is deserted. The copse of trees nearby is barren
«and the autumn smell of decaying leaves s carried onthe wind.
A character with Auspex may notice another smell —amusky,
animal odor. She may also sense movement from the trees.

While there are Lupines in the area, they have never
attacked Solomon's men during their impromptu funerals.
‘The characters, though, are here to exhume bodies. Fortu-
nately for them, the only werewolf in the area is young and
does not immediately attack, but moves closer to investigate.

The skyiscloudy, and the characters must work by whatever
lights they bring. As they dig, lighting flashes, and something.
very lange moves closer to them. Allow one player, probably one
with Auspex, the honury ofa Perception + Alertnessroll (difficulty
7) to notice the huge shape before it vanishes again. This repeats,
the thing moving closer and closer with every flash.

Finally, the characters hear a growling. snuffling sound
and footsteps, just outside their field of vision. Characters with.
Auspex do not fare any better at identifying the sound. The
‘werewolf is deciding whether to kill these "humans." At the
‘moment, its too curious about what they/re doing to attack.

‘Andreas has instructed a wraith servitor to cause the
werewolf to feel a slight burst of anger, and then bewilder-
ment. The characters hear a snarl, and then the werewolf
steps from its cover.

The beast is nearly eight feet tall. I is covered with light
gray fur, and still sports a tail Its arms would dangle nearly to
its knees, if they were hanging limp. They are raised to eye
level, however, and its paws end in wicked black claws. Its
‘mouth isopen slightly, and even in thisdim light the characters
ccan see fangs which make theit own look like toothpicks.

‘The charactersare immediately gripped with afear the likes
cof which they have never known. Characters with low (4or less)
Willpower ratings will panic and run, pethaps becoming cata
tonic. Those with better ratings (5-7) might run in a controlled
panic, or even have presence of mind to shoot the beast, for all
the good it does. Those with Willpower scores above 7 remain,
tational enough toslowly move to the carsand get the hell away,
Hopefully, i is these characters who have the keys. A

The wraith is under orders not to let anyone die. Ifthe
characters attack the werewolf, he uses his Keening power to
‘implant the idea of escape into their heads. fthat doesn't work,
the werewolfjust might have tokill one of them forthe message
tosink in. Atany rate, the characters forget what they saw and
ikely think a mad dog scared them off. The wraiths in atten-
dance report the whole thing back to Andreas, who notes this
and decides to keep his people away from that area.

Scene FIGHT:
THe Mission

The last nsallment in the war that Solomon initiates is The
Fix. Thecharacterare then fre totake anyretnbutive action they
wish. When this isnot acknowledged, naive characters may think,
theyhave won. Realisicchancterswillknow somethings wrong

‘Atany rate, on Tuesday, October 15, they are contacted
byHank, who wishes to et upa meeting with a possible "job"
for the characters. However, this sponsor has asked that all of
the characters be present. If the characters ask, Hank tells
them that the sponsor is Francis Milliner.

Hacharacter moves in legitimate business circles he has
probably heard of Millincr. Milliner isa former associate of
Joseph Kennedy, and a one-time employee of Columbia
‘Trust Company. The word is that Milliner was passed over for
presidency of the company for Kennedy. This is true, but
Milliner didn't take it lying down. He had found a new
business asociate: Andreas Giovanni. (For more informa-
tion on this, see Clanbook: Giovanni.)

‘What the characters don't know is that Milliner has
been granted the Proxy Kiss. Unlike the characters, he is
sgranted a great deal of creative freedom from Andreas, and
with good reason — he has been brought to the attention of
Augustus Giovanni. His main concer has been taking the

Acti: Fest Comanson

»

Kennedy's empire out fromunder them, buthe has uncovered
a threat to both his own and the Giovanni's status in the city.

‘Quentin King, the prince of Boston, recently changed
King Solomon's son, Peter, into a ghoul. The prince hopes
that by working his way into organized crime, he can use it
against the Sabbat, and pethaps even the British Kindred (see
Dark Colony for the full story on the Camarilla struggles in
New England). Recognizing the Kennedysasa great source of
revenue, King i arranging a meeting between the Kennedys,
Peter Solomon, and the Camarilla represented by a capable
ghoul. The meeting will take place during daylight hours in
order to prevent Kindred interference.

Milluner. however, keeps cloe tabson the Kennedys and got
wind of thisplan. He reported it to Andreas, who, ever wishing to
testhisghouls' mettle, suggested Millinercallthe meeting withthe
character. By presenting the mision as a mission for him, not
‘Andreas, he sets the characters up to break the rules.

Milliner meets with the characters at any locale they
choose. He comes alone, and pays fora meal, if applicable. He
then presents an abridged version of the above (carefully
leaving Andreas' name out of the matter intially), tells the
characters when the meeting i to take place (the next day at
1P.M.), where itwill be held (a conference room at Columbia
Trust) and what he wants done. He wants the Camarilla ghoul
sand the Kennedy rep killed, and Peter Solomon kidnapped and
delivered to him. He tell the characters that they will be paid
handsomely forthis, and that Andreas wll be pleased with "our
initiative." Ifa characteris sharp, she will realize that Milliner
{s insinuating that Andreas does not already know.

‘The characters have two choices. Their inclination, due
to the Blood Bond, should be to tell Andreas about this.
However, there is no real reason that they can think of for
Andreas not to approve. In the end, either choice works out

they tell him, he is impressed with theit loyalty: if not,
he appreciates their ability to recognize priorities of the
family (but does reinforce the bond).

‘With litte time left to plan, the characters can stake out
the building and talk ctrategy The Columbia Trust building
{sguarded heavily during business hours, but aback door leads
straight down a hallway to the conference room in question,
The building opens at 9A.M., and characters wishing to get
in before that must bypass the alarms, which requires three
separate Wits + Security rolls (difficulty 7, three successes on
each roll necessary).

Getting in during business hours can be done through
guile or — foolishly by shooting through the guards and
‘charging the conference room. The characters could also send
‘one member into get past the front desk and the guardsto open
the back door, or they could simply force the back door,

In any event, the meeting gets underway at one u'lock.
Present are Peter Solomon; Edward Neary, a Kennedy offi
cial; and Feng Lin, the Camarilla "ghoul." Solomon and Lin
arrived together. Lin and Neary are not armed, but Solomon
is pecking » pistol.

If they hear a commotion ouside, they'l have time to
prepare. Neary calls the cops, and Lin calls for ghoul backup. The
characters must get in, dotheirjob, and get out within one minute.

Ifthe characters sneak in, they catch all three by surprise.
‘The conspirators aren't stupid; they'll surrender if there are
suddenly guns in their faces. Neary, inany case, begs for his ife.
He has three children and his wife is carrying their fourth
(which may require a Humanity check if someone does some-
thing brutal to him). Lin, on the other hand, stays quiet, but
unges for Solomon with a knife. He reasons that Solomon will
be of no use to the Giovanni if he's dead.

Scene NIne:

THe EMBRACE

‘The characters should leave as quickly as possible, obvi-
ously. When they deliver Solomon to Milliner, they find
Andreas waiting for them. He grills hem on dhe details of de
mmission, separately. When he has finished this session, he
chooses some of the characters for the Embrace. Whom he
chooses should depend on whom, in Andreas' eyes, has
contributed the most to the clan duting their brief tenure a
ghoul. He then sends the other characters off. Asthey leave,
they hear Hank mutter "Better luck next time."

‘Andreas then leads the character(s) into an adjacent room.
"There, girl of about 13 les aleep on a sofa. She wears a whute
dress, as though dresed for Confirmation. She is Italian, and
Jong black hair spills over the sofa's armrest. fa character shows
an interest in her, Andreas smiles and says "We'll discuss why
she's here, bur larer. First, I have lesson for you~

‘Nuon Macarma


He then proceeds to tell them about the clan. He does not
sive them the full history, but explains the eventual goal of the
clan: todestroy the Shroudlandmenge the Earth and Shadowlands,
‘He explains the mechanics behind the Blood Bond, and that it
breaks upon death. He also explains that they are about to join
the clan. He reiterates, however, that the breaking of the bond
does not bestow the right to disobey — or disrespect — one's
superiors, and that the bond can always be reinstated.

He Dominates one character into staying — just in case she
panics — and sinks his fangs into the other's neck. He drinks
slowly, but constantly, and the character can feel his body getting,
slowly colder as the intense pain of the Giovanni Kiss overwhelms
him. During the feeding, Andreasslipsone hand between the legs
ofthe character and masturbates her (oc him) gently, which he
believes comforts the character from the pain of the Kiss, but
should serve only tomake the individual even more violated. The
character feels a numbness start at her fingers, asa fiery pain
circulates through what litle she can sil fel. Her knees buckle
and her legs give way. The hand between her legs changes from a
lover's caress to simple pressure. Her head ewims, then aches
mightily. Her vision blurs, and the room gets dark.

The other character watches Andreas bite his own,
tongue and shove it between the lips of het dead compatriot.
Said compatriot feels a tugging, as though something is trying
topull her on. Then the tugging is gone, lost in a torrent of
strong wine and fire. The rush, the invigoration that the
character has felt before when imbibing of Andreas' blood is
nothing compared to this. Her vision clears again, and she
feels herself locked in the most intense kiss of hee life —and
death — with Andreas. Then the hunger hits.

Vampiric hunger on a good night is much worse than
sieaple deste for food. Its nota craving, fs nota hast, 1

aaneed. And the character realizes, for one horrible moment,
that what she needs is human blood.
Andreas smiles, and points to the other character.
‘The newly Embraced Giovanni feeds upon her comrade, and
‘in doing s, immediately checks for degeneration, unless this
would take her below Humanity four. This should be almost an.
afterthought, however. What causes the Humanity pang isnot 0
much the murder of a peer, for the neonate is teetering on hunger
frenzy, anyway. What causes it is the feeling she gets when
drinking, the realization that this act replaces sex. food, a walk in
the sun, a good stiff drink, everything, everything is now blood.
‘The character on the receiving end, on the other hand, does
not even get the benefit of Andreas' rather kinky Embrace. He
simply sees his former comrade advance, pring anal te. ane then
{slostina briefand horrfically painful death. (endish Stceytelles.
may give the character a derangement for this brutal excn-
spuination.) The next thing he feelsisthe rush from Andrea blood,
this time from his writ. as Andreas hates to repeat hime' When
thischaracter awakens, Andreas, points him toward the Italian gi
If there are more than two characters being Embraced,
‘Andreas lets them fight out between them who will bein the
neonate's path when she attacks.

AFTERMATH

At this point, Act I ends. However, there are some
derals that need to be addressed.

‘Over the course of several nights, Andreas trains the
neonates in the mechanics of their new forms, inchading
Disciplines. He also tells them that the other members of their
sr0up are now beneath them, sill mortal while they are true
Kindred. They are, as far as the Mafia goes, "made men," and
hard to touch. If they ask him for permission to Embrace the
others, he tells chem that the Embrace must be earned, and
they need to prove their worth. This can (and will take years.

Peter Solomon iskilled and summarily forced to serve as
wraith. He will, in fact, be indirectly responsible for leading
his father into death in 1933. The characters, while they may
hear rumors to this effect, will never know for sure. If Lin
Killed Solomon at the bank, the assassination still takes place,
but the Giovanni are forced to act directly. This annoys
Andreas, who has no wish to come the attention of the FBI.

The fightingcircuit continues, but takesa serious dipin
quality during the Depression, as people don't ha
much money to burn. However, by the time Act I begins,
the fights will be back in fall swing.

In 1944, the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki are de-
stroyed. These events have serious repercussions to the
Giovanni (see the Introduction).

‘Finally, in 1994, Francis Milliner is Embraced, and is given
permission to create a "family" of his own. The characters may
balk at this, particularly those who are still ghouls, but the
Kindred characters know now that the Milliners have been
allied with the Giovanni for much longer than they have.

‘Ack Fast Commneon

a


fen

sf "

"Neighbors!" I cried, "Friends

Tree. Bt oO

)

4

| banged my fist upon the bar
"I bear no grudge against you!"

— Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds, "O'Malley's Bar

PART ONE:
Business As Usuar

Downtime Between Acts

If the Storyteller decides to allow the characters to
perform actions during downtime, the cc nay have a
‘number of things it wants todo. Characters may wish to"lean

on" a particular husiness ectablishment, break into a new

market, of recruit one or mote of the Storyteller ch

from the previous act as ghouls (for Kindred) or employees

(for ghouls). They could bribe or blackmail a politician into
police. They might attempt to establish closer relations with

other members of the Giovanni, developing allies and con.
tacts in all manner of places.

An entire adver

vampire developing a new Discipline, or learning how to do
something new with an old one; remember that these "pow
ers" are still fairly new to the characters. Paul DiCarlo's

Embeac worthy

at the hands of Stephano is another not

event that could be handled in characters' play. The charac
ters could even choose to expand the local fight circuit
they've started

(One idea should definitely manifest during the down:
es then,

time if the Storyteller is running adve

Acc Il if he & not: Unless the characters take great to avoid
outside of the Giovanni for any length of
time, and perhaps even if they are, people should begin tc

notice that the characters are not aging. This may tear them

apart from their families, who think they're monsters ot

freaks. This might frighten their business partners and per

haps even scare some of their contacts away. What do the

characters say to their friends, who are developing gray hair

axl wrinkles, when they remain young? Immortality is not

necessarily a blessing. a
alie

the chanicters should begin to feel
ted from every

1¢ except the Giovanni and Milliners

smselves during this act. The charac

may still wy co have relationships with mortals, but these

(or other vampires) t

relationships may very well not work out the way the charac
ters plan them to those mortals whe

Eve appear to be

acters may simply be using them in an

satwempt tw discover their fountain of youth.

‘Ack Tr Biooo or Har Bes

4%

ALnmeHistory

Early in the 20th century, both Jewish and Irish immi-
‘grants got in on the organized crime act. By now — 1959 —
most of them have moved into respectable society. Most ofthe
‘Southern Italians brought with them from theie homeland a
distrust of government-mandated education, s0 the streets
‘teem with surly, rebellious recruits for the Italian Mafia.

For a while, organized crime was a significant factor in
polities: Many politicians were also major figures in organized
crime. Gangs would influence votes either by voting repeat-
‘edly ("early and often!) or by "convincing" people to sce
things their way. Even unions have come under Mob influ-
cence; some gangs would wade right in and break up strikes,
while others were more subtle and worked their members into,
the unions. Then, not only did they control the unions, but
they often gained influence over the manufacturer who had
called them in to deal with the union in the frst place.

In Boston, King Solomon and his son Peter are dead by
1959, Raymond Patriarca and his family wok over operations
of the New England Mafia, now popularly referred to as La
Cosa Nostra, in 1954, when Phil Buccola retired. Raymond
Patriarca's family is traditionally headquartered in, Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, but theoretically has sway over both
Boston and most of Connecticut — or so he'd like to think.
Patriatca puts on a good front and tells an impressive story
about his Boston operations, but anyone who deals there
knows how powerful the Giovanni family is. The truth is,
Patriarca barely holds his own in Boston. He's desperate to
make everyone think he can hold onto it, so he cuts into
Giovanni operations at every opportunity.

At first, everyone said that Patriarca would be crazy to try,
‘odo business in Boston. The criminal culture knew that the
Giovanni were in charge, and the death of Solomon was fresh
in the Mafia's minds. Patriarca was firm, however. One of his
advisors a man named Warwick whom Raymond's father had
trusted for years, had promised that he would help Raymond
against the Giovanni. He gave Raymond information that
‘enabled the Patriarcas to gain a toe-hold in Boston. Warwick
was « Nosferatu, and he chought that by using the Patrarcas
to bother and irritate the Giovanni, he would be able to
distract the Giovanni from his own presence in the area.

1959 is a dangerous time to be in the Mafia. The rigid
‘structure ts eroding. No longer do soldiers and executioners
always get permission from their family head before doing
anything, especially harming or geting in the way of another
family. Underlings are getting rebellious, and family heads
‘command less and less obedience from their subordinates. It
sed to be that one obeyed those above without question and
could expect the same from those beneath, but no longer is that
entirely true. The Giovanni have retained a greater degree of
‘this patriarchal control, however; vampires never accept change
as quickly as mortals do, and the Blood Bond doesn't hurt.

‘As for Camarilla and Sabbat activities, litle has changed.
Both groups vie for control of Boston. The Camarilla "Prince"

‘of Boston, Quentin King (see Dramatis Personae), would like
to believe that he "rules" the city, but he knows better than
that. His worry is more the Sabbat than the Giovanni for now;
the Giovanni have mostly kept to the business and onganized-
‘time world and remained primarily within certain territories
‘ofthe city, soQuentin could pretend that they didn' texis. The
‘Sabbat do not maintain a constant presence within the city,
but they often move packs through and occasionally make
‘overt strikes at the Camarilla. The Sabbat, too, know to stay
away from Giovanni territory. It does not, however, pretend
that the Giovanni do not exist; they see the Necromancer 1
domesticated, and believe itis only a matter of time before the
family falls to the Sabbat. The Sabbat is content to take the
CCamarilla down frst, and root the Giovanni out at a later date.
‘The only Sabbat member whocan reliably be found in the arcs:
is Max Lowell (sce Dramatis Personae).

Cnaracters' Resources

‘The characters have had 30 years in which tobuild up their
resources. Kindred may wish tohavea ghoul or two; perhaps they
shouled one or more oftheir associates from Act I: One ofthe
fighters from the fight circuit might makeagoodoption (perhaps
Bobby Leroy or Colm Brennan). Certainly the characters might
wish to have a good "soldier" under their command, as well as
fewer Mafiaspecific employees (a personal valet, maybe!);
pethaps a street thug or two woul make useful employees. The
characters probably have a litte more maney now: players may'
wish to mise both their Contacts and Resources Backgrounds
‘between Acts | and Il, if the Storyteller agrees.

‘Contacts, of course, are more than just resources on legs.
The Storyteller may wish to make sure that people's contacts,
ask for as much as they give during the course of this
chronicle. Any underlings the characters may have are at a
level of the family such that they are not supposed to be
making big decisions on their own; the characters should find
themselves having to answer questions and make decisions
about various business problems throughout this act. Ifthe
characters have gotten involved in any business partnerships
themselves (orifthey own any businesses on their own). then
they'll have to look after those interests as well

‘The ghouls in the characters may find themselves vying
for the attention (and blood) of any Kindred in the charac-
ters, and the vampires may delight in making the ghouls jump
through hoops for what they want. However, the Kindred are
now at one distinct disadvantage: They cannot go out in the
daylight. They need the ghouls to take care of any daytime
business. The Storyteller may wish to gloss over daytime:
activities in order to allow the Kindred equal play-time with
the rest of the characters, or — better — she may wish to run
certain activities during the day in order to stress the depen-
dence of the Kindred upon the ghouls. This would also give
the ghouls the opportunity to do things when the Kindred
have no chance of seeing or listening in on them.

During the downtime, the characters drink of Andreas
Giovanni's blood at least once a year in order to maintain the

Nuova Maca


5

AcrIb Tic Broco oF Her Boos

strength of the Blood Bond. If the Kindred chat
unwilling to provide for the needs of the

eto feed from Andreas more ofte

In Act I, the Gi

than that.

anni had wraiths following the char
nd. These wraiths («

ones like them) are still with

the characters, keeping an eye on their activities and re

ing back to the Giovanni if the characters do

particularly strange. For the most part, they do n

with the coterie, but if the Story

them convey some piece of information, she may have them
do s0

A wraith might whisper in a character's ear, or move

some part of a character's body briefly in order t
(asReginald did in Act). The Storyteller should
this too often, however; any interference the wraiths

should be brief, surprising and creepy. Ifit become

place, it loses the aura of fear and strangeness it briny

table. Also remember that as the wraiths spend most

time with the characters, they won't know a wi

into

n that the characters don't know the

to keep in mind that the wraiths have emotions of their own.
and it may be a good idea to decide in
advance whether each person's wraith follower likes, loves or
during th

even hates the person she's tailing. The wrait ¢

the people they follow may also change act

depending on what those people do.

Pretuve

Andreas Giovanni at some point makes it clear to the

characters that he does not want them to bother him with

all of their problems, and tells them to go to the Milliners or
to Hank first. Jason Milliner is ti

be their main contact

point; see Dramatis Personae for mote information on him

The characters, especially any Kindred, may rightfully re
sent having to report to non-Kindted (an yt
boot!), but Andreas explains that the Milliner family is an

important part of Giovanni interests, and that

the respect of family members. During

players and Storyteller should keep in mind the c
Blood Bond to Andreas. If anyone makes a scene
throws them out and tells them to come back when they can

Scene One: Fur Piya

Jason Milliner arr

nges a meeting with the
He has a friend in the fur industry who is

troubles. The fur industry is a remarkably cutthroat

in the late '50s, and otherwise upstanding businessmen will

lie, cheat and steal to get ahead in it. Jason's friend, Alfred
f Alfred's
rivals, Eric Mobley, stole a shipment of furs meant for Alfred's
warehouse, and filled the truck with rotting cabbage instead.

Jason tells the characters to get the furs back, and to make

Montagne, is about to default on his loans. One

sure that Mr. Mobley understands how impolite it is to d
older

gentleman in a cheap suit, is very solicitous of the characters

business in such a manner. Alfred Montagne, a stooped,


As the Milliners are fast becoming good friends of the
amily and good relations with business partners. Alfred
nwever is happy to make on the following offers
to the characters, he isso grateful for their help. He cannot
can resist a beautiful mink?" He winks conspiratorially atthe
characters. He also can offer todo favors for them later, when
hide from the police when things are hot, to

he gets hack on his fe om giving them
a place

or them, to offering them safe meeting

places. Alfred may be old and his business may be ailing

mentarily, but he could be a useful contact for the charac:

ters If the characters refuse any payment, he will be even
happier to help them out later should they need it. Pethapshe

could even host a fight in his warehouse.

THe Herst
ince the characters have gotten the det

where Mr. Mobley's warchouse is, they have a heist (and a

little leaning-on) to pull First ofall, they'll need a truck for

the furs. Mr. Montagne can' currently

being cleaned, unless they want to wait a few extra nights

The characters 1

places, of get in co
ghoul who has parttal ownershi

yy rent a truck from any of a number of

t with Domenic Giov:
falocal trucking company
(Anyone in the family could point the characters to him.) If
they explain to Domenic that it's a favor for a
he'll charge them only quarter-price for the truck. If they
want w know why he won't donate it, he explains that he has
ment on the books of his partner gets

ni, a family

nily friend,

to show some p.
suspicious, and his partner is still useful to him. The charac
ters could al uck, or
police could follow to them).

heir ow
i, however, leavea trail that the

steal a money to te

Ifthe characters wonder why Jason Milliner hasn't simply
loaned the money to Alfred, either Alfred of Jason can tell
them that the Milliners won't consider Allfred a good enough
risk until he can get the furs back and be faitly certain this w
happen again. "It's business," jason tells them with a shrug,
Allred tells them with a sigh. Ifthe characters decide to thr
the money at the prob may look
m. Eric Mobley
{sstill out there however, and he's still determined to come out

m themselves, then
litte while as though they've solved the pe

on top. Mobley continues sabotaging shipments to M
If that fails for whatever reason, Mobley resorts to hav
storefront attacked, or even Montagne on his way to the bank
Atany rate, the characters end up ls

sank into poor Mr. Montagne's business.

oney they


‘Once the characters have the truck they need to plan the
heist. "Mobley's Furs" keeps business hours from late morning
until mid-evening, and they have a fairly steady stream of
customers, which is not uncommon given the store's location
con the shopping drag near the Boston Common. Eric Mobley
remains after hours (until late evening) tallying the receipts
and balancing the books. He's a stout man and doesn't scare
easily; he also keeps a shotgun behind his desk. Mobley also
keeps a few employees around in the evening, including one
balding security guard. Ifthe characters end up killing Mobley,
then Alfred will be grateful but more than a little pale, and he
will reat the characters very gingerly. If they simply instill the
fear of organized crime into Mobley, then Mobley will leave
Montagne alone, and Montagne will be extremely grateful to
the character. If the chamcters take the furs and destroy
Mobley's store in one way or another (bomb, fire, acid), then
Mobley will go out of business and Montagne will positively
fawn over the characters. If any of the characters are male and
appear to be of a marriagenble age, Montagne will mention his
beautiful granddaughter, Anna, in glowing terms.

Rewarps

fany of the characters actually take Montagne up on his
offer tohave dinner at his home and meet Anna, they find her
to indeed be a very lovely young woman who is quiet and shy.

Montagne would be very happy for her to be married to a
"family man," believing that she wll be safer that way, bt fshe
ismistreated in any way, he will goto the Millinersand demand
retribution. The Milliners maypressthe sue and the Giovanni
‘may reprimand the character who hurt Anna, but they will nt
particularly punish him. The character may find that he is a
little less trusted in family matters for a while until he can show
that he understands the difference between people who aren't
under the family wing and people who are, and that he can
control himself accordingly; he might find people making
jokes at his expense. The characters also lose out on any favors
they might have had from Montagne if bad feelings preside.

If for some odd reason one of the characters decided to
marry Anna, Montagne will expect to be protected by him
in the future, and will become something of a permanent
resource for that character. Anna turns out to be a proper
and helpful wife, but she will be shocked at most of the
thinesthat goon in the (un)life of one of the characters, and
will gradually slide into a deep and abiding depression. Her
black moods will culminate in her suicide (by hanging)
some months later. Ifa Kindred uses Dominate or Presence
tokeep her more inline, she will deteriorate into little more
than an automaton. Montagne will delude himself into
thinking that she is happy, and if she kills herself he
develop a full-scale derangement; he'll believe that she was
killed by a nonexistent burelar. If one of the characters
esto keep Anna somehow isolated from that life,
jcad a happy and pleasant life with the character
apart, of course, from gradually noticing that her new
husband isn't aging at all.

‘Ac IT Brooo or Ha Exons
a

Suspicions

If the characters keep Montagne as a contact, he will,
toward the end of the act, hesitantly ask how it is that the
character was supposedly bor s0 long ago, but still Looks
young (this happens with a character who has not gone to
‘reat lengths to hide his date of birth in available records, or
who hasn't severed all contacts from years ago). If the
character indicates that it's none of his business, or that he
shouldn't talk about this to anyone, Montagne backs off
immediately. He was merely asking to allay his own fears, If
the character gives even a halfway reasonable explanation,
Montagne is relieved and accepts it happily.

SceneTwo: ,
ALLINA NIGHT s Researcu

A woman named Teresa Powers (see Dramatis Perso-
nae) approaches one or more of the characters when they
appear to be relaxing or going about some mundane business.
(She would prefer to deal with them one or two at atime
rather than alll at once, and she comes to them during the
daytime if posible.) She isa very straightforward, business-
like young woman, although she is friendly and has a good
sense of humor. She is currently working on her Master's
degree in American History at Harvard, and she would like to.
interview the characters.

‘Tue Interview

During their conversation (if they consent to be inter-
viewed) she asks the characters questions about their
childhoods, their ethnic backgrounds, their parents, what life
‘was like for their families before they came to the States, what
‘business they're in, etc. Gradually, it becomes obvious that
‘she knows they're in "the business," and that this is what she's.
‘most interested in. She's especially curious about the Mafia's
organizational structure, and the differences between various
Mafia families. She reveals that she has interviewed members
of the Patriarcas as well.

I the characters express concem over where her informa
‘thon is going to end up, she explains that it's destined for "a very
boring existence, not unlike mine; twill sit neglected berween
sheets of paper until several dust old men consent to review it
find a number of nonexistent faults with it, and then decide
whether they'll give me my degree or not. After that. it'll eweleer
in the tall, cramped stacks of the thesis library for the rest of its
life." She explains that she isn't looking for details such as the
locationsofsecret warehouses, the schedules ofheistsor the stash
sites of long-lost jewels. She wants to know structure, family
relationships, politics history and such. She has interes in what
sortsof penonalities would be happy in thiskind flife, and what
sortofscrificesthey have to make fort. becomes vious that
she's fascinated by the Mafia way of life. and even slightly
starstruck by it. "If I'm extremely lucky, some far guy from
‘Hollywood will pay me lots of money to use my research assource
‘material, then he'll butcher it for the sake of a 'good story' and
‘tum it all into a love plot." She rolls her eyes dramatically.

Teresa is unwilling to reveal any information from other
sources, especially the Patriarcas, unless forced to by some
means. Even then, her information is of little use to the
characters — she really is looking for the kind of information
that won't hurt the Mafia fit gets out. Ifshe is asked whether
she has any other sources among the Giovanni, she says yes,
although she will not admit whom unless forced to. doso. Her
main sources are a couple of low-end soldiers (*I think they
liked the attention," she tells the characters. "I'm coming to
‘understand that the Mafia is about respect, in a lot of ways.
Everyone wants it, and they think this the Mafia is the way to
set it. Since the low guys on the totem pole haven't really
gotten it yet, theyll look for it in other places.") and one
Antonio Giovanni, Domenic's father.

LOO Much INFORMATION

Ifthe charactersforce her totell what her other Giovanni
‘contacts have told her, she reveals that Antonio has been
talking out of line. He's told her a bit too much about the
family's shipping interests and less-than-legal storage facil
ties. Ifthe characters pass thison tothe Milliners (orto Hank,
who hasbeen becoming busier lately and passesthe coterie off
to Jason Milliner ever more frequently), they nod seriously
and thank the characters forthe information.

If the characters are unwilling to be interviewed by
Teresa, they see her again here and there talking to other
Giovanni and Milliner associates. She will try again to
interview them (or she will try to interview other members of
the coterie if she tried only one or two at frst) although she
won't make complete pest ofherself. Ifthe characters report
her presence to Hank or the Milliners, they are amused by
hr. They say to keep an eye on her, and that ifthe characters
should find her asking any questions about things that
shouldn't get out, or if they find her passing her information
tw the police, the Feds or the Patriarcas, they should kill he.
Otherwise, what would it hurt to indulge her for now?
Besides, they may be able to use her toferret out the les loyal
associates of the family by aking her to ask certain questions
cof them if they find her reliable and trustworthy.

Frienpsuip?

Ifthe characters react favorably to Teresa then she will
visit them now and then in their places of business of leisure.
She is amenable co becoming a long-term contact and even
friend of the characters, and isrelatively easily drawn into the
seamier side of the underworld. She has more confidence and.
independence than most women of the period, and she has a
dark side that she usually keeps wel to herself. she finds out
about the Kindred aspect of things she will be very surprised,
but she will adapt. She would even be amenable to being
shouled. Teresa isn't particularly easy to seduce ifthat isthe
wish of one of the characters, but if she finds someone
attractive and close to her age group, and if she develops a
strong friendship with him, she might agree tosleep with him.
She prefers long-term relationships to one-night stands,
however. She doesn't like being forced to do things against

‘Nowa MATA

het will, and if she ever realizes that's what someone is doing
to her, she will be quite angry with him. Teresa doesn't
believe in mind-altering powershowever, unless someone's
being very blatant, she's unlikely to recognize Dominate or
Presence for what they are.

Limrrsanp PuNIsHMeNT

Teresa is something of an opportunity for the characters
to explore the limits of their leashes — to find out just how
much latitude they have with respect to talking to people
about the business they're in. It'salso an opportunity for them
to make a real friend for once, rather than just another
contact. If someone tells Teresa too much without ghouling
and Blood Bonding herin order to guarantee hersilence, then
he finds Jason Milliner visiting him. Jason appears to be in a
good mood and is amiable. He explains that the character is
to report to Hank Rothenstein immediately

Hank invites the character into his office, clapping him
heartily on the back as though pleased to see him. He then.
without warning, has several ghouls hold the character down,
and he cuts the character's tongue out. Hank explains that he
is very disappointed in the character, and that the character's
loose tongue was areal problem. The vampire or ghoul can of
course heal the injury with blood, but it's going to hurr like
hell in the meantime. The Storyteller should be sure to have
the player roll for frenzy: Not only does the injury hurt, but
the taste of blood is all-pervasive. If the character frenzies,
Hank has him locked up until he calms down and is even
more disappointed in him.

Scene THREE:
THe Patriarcas MAHeEA Dent

The charactersby now should!
of businesses around Boston. There are rest inos,
billiards clubs, gun shops, brothels, jewelry stores, breweries,
liquor stores, banks, factories, furriers, book stores, realtors,
drug labs, car dealers and repair shops, medical supply stores,
tobacco stores, grocery shops,
we may be perfectly
Others are primarily legitimate, but may launder
money for the characters ot provide for them a place tohave
meetings with clients or a location for bare-fisted fights. Sell
voters may be fronts for completely illegal businesses, such
‘or arms dealing
The Patriarcas are more than a little worried about the
Giovanni, and they've taken to making raids on some of the
more peripheral Giovanni interests. They're not so much
trying tohurt the ni directly; they're trying to make the
people who deal with the Giovanni afraid to conduct business
with them. The Patriarcas want people to know that the
Giovanni can't protect them, and that simply being involved
with the Giovanni may be enough to get them killed.
The Storyteller should pick one or two businesses the
characters are involved in, preferably ones they hold only
partial interest in with mortal partners. The Patriarcas attack

interests in anumber

drug smuggling or traffickit

Aci Tee Bowo or Ha eos

C)


these establishments, most likely in broad daylight. The Mafia
isknown for more than just shooting things — the Patrarcas
are known to use guns, bombe, or even acid attacks. In this
particular case, cardrives up to the relevant establishment —
ppethapseven while one ofthe charactersis visiting. A man gets
‘outof the pasenger'sside and walks confidently in through the
door: he's dressed in an expensive euit. He pulls a small, cloudy
sass bottle out of one pocket, pulls a black rubber stopper out
‘ofthe mouth, stepsup to the counter with asmile, and splashes
the contents of the bottle over the cashier's face (ot waiter,
other relevant employee). He then tips his hae to the first
‘customer in line and runs from the building. If none of the
charactersare present, then he takes the time todrop abusiness
«ard (see "Who Done It!"below) and walks out ofthe building
lightly more sedately.

The characters' partners come to them, complaining
thar they were supposed to be safe, that the Giovanni were
supposed to protect them. They want the characters to deal
with whoever attacked them, and ifthe catacterseatt hen
pethaps they'll find someone else to partner with, someone
who can make things right. Threats might put them in line
temporarily, but it will certainly turn them against the
characters in the long term.

WuoDonelr?
‘When the characters examine the scene of the crime and
question witnesses, they see blood everywhere, and any

players whose characteris hungry must make a roll to avoid
frenzy. The shopkeeper refuses to touch the blood, and tells
the characters that it i their business to clean up, since the
character failed to protect him, his employees and custom
cer. The cashier is still alive and in the hospital. If the
ccharactets vist her, she looks absolutely awful. A hole has
been eaten in her cheek by the acid. One of her eyes is

bandaged, and the bandage is bloody. Her shoulder, neck and

chest are obviously bandaged. She's heavily medicated, but
clearly ima great deal of pain. Ifthe characters speak to her
doctor, they find out that she isnt expected to live for long.
She has a great deal of difficulty talking, but she doesn't have
any good information to reveal anyway.

The police do show up, but they are fairly ineffective.
They're determined to stay out ofthe war between the gangs.

The characters can question the witnesses and the shop
‘owners. All will ramember what the car or man looked like,
and some will even be willing to give the characters a
description. The others are afraid, and only large payment
ot fervent promises of protection for the witness or her family,
will convince them to talk. One or two people won't talk at
all. The Patriarea soldiers were very bold and wanted the
Giovanni to know who was hitting them, so they didn't hide
their faces or remove their license plates. If someone has a
contact in the police department, she can find out thatthe
car belongs to one Michael ("Micky") Patriarca, one of
Raymond Patriarca's nephews. The characters can find out
the same information in other ways, pechape by describing

the men involved to various Mafia or police contacts; Micky
is fairly well known in the arca.

Perhaps one of the people who was hit knows who hit
them: "He said to tell you that Micky Patriarca sent his
regards." Or even, ifthe characters have been helpful and not
threatening, "He said it was nothing personal, and that he
‘could protect as well as kill me. He tipped his har to me, and.
handed me a card with his name and number on it. See?
Here." If the characters have been threatening, then the
shopkeeper keeps the card and later calls Micky Patriarca. If
the characters don't get Micky's number this way, they can
set it through other contacts. Hank has an office akdress for
Micky, and Jason Milliner has a home phone number.

WuattoDo?

The characters may decide to try tomeet with Micky, or
they may want to kill him outright. They will find him fairly
well guarded, with three large bodyjuards, but he is certainly
capable of dying. If the characters plant a bomb in his office
it will be found by his bodyguards unless the characters are
particularly clever about it (Storyteller's discretion); one of
the guards always goes in first in the morning to check. A
drive-by shooting might work, but one of the bodyguards will
throw himself in front of Micky, shielding him from all but
the first of the bullets unless the characters stick around to
finish the job. If Micky is injured but not killed, then he is,
shipped off to Providence and cared for on the family estate.

If Micky is shipped off to Providence, Reginald decides
totakea tripalong with him. Reginald sends hisown message
to the Patriarcas by walking Micky off of a balcony, killing.
hhim. Shortly thereafter, when Reginald returns from Provi-
dence, the characterhe usualy followsistreatedtoa whispered
account of what happened.

The characters may decide to meet with Micky. He is
‘understandably suspicious, and agrees only to meet in ancutral
public place, with no more than two people, and he must be
allowed tobring one bodyguard. Heiseasygoingand he andthe
characters may even be friendly with each other, buthe cannot
‘be swayed his family is determined to keep interest in Boston,
and the only way todo that i through the Giovanni. He might
‘be swayed into going after Giovanni interests other than the
characters if they are friendly, but if they try to sell out any
associates or members of the family in an attempe to save theie
‘own hides, he becomes disgusted with them and leaves. "Loy-
alty clearly means nothing to you, and so I cannot trust you."

Intheeventofamecting, Micky doeshisbest toplanthisown
sen in the crowd, ane oaks ace dhe character will wan 10 d0 50
as well. Whether this is posible depends on where they meet.
Micky has a pretty good idea of what places the Giovanni hold
interest in, and will not meet at any of them. To his credit, he
sdoesn'e try to ick the csaracter io tceiny oes Prtaca tt

If the characters do not kill Micky, he becomes some-
thing of athom in the Giovanni'sside. He chipsaway at their
interests, trying to take over whatever he can. He stays away
from the characters ifhe agreed to do so, but he expects them,

‘Nova MacaTTa


to stay out of his way in return. If they do not, then he hits
back at them hard. The Milliners or Giovanni may ask the
characters for help against Micky if he ts allowed to become
too powerful if the characters reveal that they have made a
deal with Micky then they are told to break it in no uncertain
terms. f they do not break it, they are treated with a certain
lack of trust and respect among family.

If the characters kill Micky, then their partners and
employees are satisfied and stay with them; the Patriarca till
‘manage tomake adent in Giovanni business, but without their
insted local commander they aren't nearly as effective, and
Raymond doesn't send in his nephew Lucio until the begin-
ning of art Three of thisact. fthey makea deal to keep Micky
away, then their partners and employees are skeptical at frst,
bbutare won over as they see overtime that they are safe while
others are not. Ifthe characters and Micky remain at odds, the
Patriarcascontinue hitting the characters establishments, and
the characters lose partners and employees one at a time.

Scene Four:
A SURPRISE ARRIVAL

BackGROuND ON THE CURRENT
INTeRESTSOFTHE CHILDREN OF Isaac

Jn Scene Four, one or more ofthe Children of Isc have
arrived in Boston by ship, having heard that the ghoul John
Mackler of the Malkavian Anatole is on his way with The
Aneshexeton and The Khazar's Diary (see Part Two ofthis act,
"Redirections"). They didn't arrive with any particular se-
«recy, so the characters may easily to find out, assuming they
have contactsin shipping or otherwise at the docks. Ifthe old
characters are Camarilla they have presented themselves to
Quentin King at the Aquarium (see the Appendix). They
found him somewhat distant, but he did seem happy to see
them (in truth, he was just relieved tohave such eldersin the
citys he thinks it will help him to hold Boston longer). They
were introduced to the Toreador by King, but there were few
others around. Quentin told the characters to leave the
Giovanni alone, he has an "understanding" with th Ihe's
terrified of them and they laugh at him, but he did't put it
that way) and he doesn't want to fight a war on two fronts

Ifthe elders are Sabbat, then they will have been asked
to find and introduce themselves to Max Lowell, who cur-
rently makes his haven in Chinatown in the basement
underneath a restaurant called Blue Pearl; he holds a sort of
"court" in a small function room in the back ofthe restaurant.
He was congenial and wished the characters well; he told
them to have fun tormenting the Camarilla if they wished.
Healsotold them that the Sabbat was waiting todeal with the
Giovanni until the Camarilla was no longer a problem, but
that if they wished to start making a dent in Giovanni
‘operations, no one would complain. He'd rather they didn't
piss off the higher-upsjust yet, asthe Sabbat don't have many
CCainites in Boston and they don't want the Giovanni target-
ing them. He knew only a little detail on the Giovanni.

No Setites have made permanent havens in Boston, 0
if the Children were corrupted by the Setites at the end of
‘The Sun Has Set, then they'll have to come up with their
own depravities to enjoy.

The group might stay in one or more "sunshine suites" at
the Homsby (see the Appendix). There are plenty of othet
places to stay as well. They may have sent ghouls ahead to
secure houses, of even to buy up restaurants or other estab
lishments with useful basements or back rooms

Ifthe Chikdren of lsaac wish to stirup trouble against the
Giovanni, they'll ind Pug Jackson a possible ally among the
Camarilla (see Dramatis Personae); if he thought the oxkds
were just alittle less uneven than they have been in the past,
he'd be happy to make trouble for the Giovanni. The Sabbat
don't really have enough vampires in the area, but occasion:
ally aSabbat or ewo comes through town, and they'd be more
than happy to get into a fight; afterall, t isn't theit city,
they don'thave to worry about cleaning up the mess. Because
ofthishowever, they're likely to goabout thingsin such a way
as to draw undue attention to themselves.

If Micky has been causing trouble for the Giovanni,
then the Children might find a few mortals here and there
to win over. Shopkeepers who've had to pay protection
money to two gangs, merchants who have people from both
sidesof the fence "asking for" free merchandise, and bankers
who've lost more than one trusted employee to raids and
robbers would be more than happy to see the "god damned
suineas put in theie place."

History Lesson

In Act I, in a scene called "The Final Drink," the
characters awaited Andreas Giovanni's pleasure in a dark-
ened living room. Within that room hung a tapestry that
depicted along table with the old characters sitting around
‘When employees of the characters (if Bobby Leroy or Colm
Brennan is still around, he is the one who arrives) bring
black-and-white photos of the Giovanni'soldenemicstothe
characters, a successful Perception + Investigation roll at
difficulty 9 (two successes or more) will bring back the
memory of the tapestry. It's been a long time though, and the
photos aren't particularly good ones; they were taken at night
in an era before night-vision equipment, and street
aren' all that bright. Ifthe person who brings the chara
the pictures knows about vampires, then he mentions that
he's only seen these people at night

If none of the characters remember the tapestry, they
may show the photos to other members of the family. Jason
Milliner will not recognize them. Hank will frown at them for
a moment, looking thoughtful, and eventually ells them to
talk to Andreas. He promises to set the meeting up for them
for the next night, saying that Andreas is currently in a
meeting with Francis Milliner and can't be disturbed; he asks
to keep at least one of the photos to show Andreas,

The next night the characters meet with Andreas; ifthe
chanictervallowed Hank to keep some of the photos, they are

Aci Ik Tit Boooo or Her braves

By

Put in an anteroom of St. Leonard's Church, in which the
tapestry from Act I hangs on one of the walls. Anyone who
xxcts at least one success on a Perception + Alertness roll
(ifficulty 8) notices the resemblance between the figures in
the photo and those on the tapestry. As the characters enter
the church, ifthey have not already done so this act, describe
some of the little ways in which the church has changed since
Act I (see the Appendix). The candles are sill real and the
statuary yet magnificent, but the garden has already shrunk,
‘encroached upon by stores and restaurants on all sides. Some
‘of the sonework closest to the ground has been painted over
with brown paint, "to protect it from erosion and graffiti."

Andreas keeps the characters waiting for at least 10
‘minutes. A young mortal git is beought in before he enters,
and presented to any Kindred in the characters as refresh:
iment; the appetites of the ghouls are not looked after. The
sitl, long-haired brunette in Sunday clothes, keepsher head
bowed, and does not speak even when spoken to; her tongue
has been removed and sewn up again. She struggles if anyone
tries to hurt her, but to little effect —she isn'tstrong. Andreas
won't bat an eyelash when he comes in, no matter what has.
been done to the gitl, and he completely ignores her.

Francis Milliner enters the room with Andreas, but
‘remains to the side. He appears to be paying close attention,
bbut he doesn't speak unless one of the characters addresses
hhim directly, or asks a question which he can answer better
than Andreas. Even in the latter case he looks to Andreas for
acknowledgment before speaking.

Andreas commentson the likeness between the people in
the photos and those on the tapestry. He seems very pensive
tonight and lapses into silence for minutes at a time unless
prodded to continue; he was hoping the Children of Isaac
would pass Boston by for some time yet. The account he gives
to the characters of the people on the tapestry isa very biased
‘one. He holds forth the Giovanni as having "generously"
arranged forthe creation of hose Kindred, and stresses the lack
‘of gratitude of the recipients of their generosity. He expresses
regret for having lost these misguided lambs, and says that the
{family has made many overturesof friendship toward the group
‘over the years all for naught. He says that the Giovanni have
reached the end of their patience, however.

He tells the characters that the newcomers are old. wily
and dangerous. Ifin The Sun Has Set the Giovanni Rosaura
and Baldesar stayed with the Setites fora time and made their
way out again, then Andreas warns his proteges that the
visitors may have been corrupted by the Serpents as well. He
tells the charactersto keep an eye on the family's old enemies,
and to report to him any dealings the group may have. He
particularly would like any packages delivered to the group to
be intercepted and given either to himself or to Francis.

Above all, Andreas expresses sadness rather than anger at
the new arrivals' attitude toward the Giovanni. Anyone with
decent Auspex can see in his aura that he is indeed sad, but iis
detached feeling. and there ic feat and anger mixed in with it

TRounLe BRewino

‘At first the new arrivals seem to be innocuous. They
immediately set about making contacts, but they don't appear
to interfere in Giovanni business. The characters will probably
wish to give their underlings at least partial responsibility for
keeping an eye on the group; the characters are businessmen
‘now, with responsibilities and people to deal with. They can't
sit around all night raking picturesof people. The Children are
seen to have several ghouls going about in the daytime; they
appear to be conducting fairly normal business, stopping by
banks and stores around Boston and Cambridge.

‘Suppen INTRODUCTIONS

Ifthe characters are doing any of the surveillance them.
selves, then one of them (peeferably a ghoul) follows one of
the Children of Isaac around the comer of a building. When
the character tums the comer, Marianna is standing i front
of him. She is just wrapping a remarkably tattered cloak
around herielf (the shrouds prowided by Japheth in The Last
Supper that allowed the characters to see wraiths), or (ifthe
Setites taught the non-Thaumaturgical ritual in The Sun
Has Set to the other Children and she learned it from them)
holding a smooth black stone in her hands. Inthe latter case,
Marianna is just licking closed a wound in her other arm, and
small rivulets of blood drip from the stone over her hand.
"Ahh, "she says, disappointed, glancing just past the character's
shoulderand back again tohis ace. I had hoped we would be
able to speak alone. Does it bother you that your Giovanni
masters keep you on such a tight leash?" She smiles coldly

le'sup the Storyteller whether they continue to speak or
Marianna leaves the hapless follower behind. She had hoped
to feel out the character for loyalty to the Giovanni, but she
knows, given chat he's being followed by a wraith, that he'd
just lose his life if he were disloyal.

‘The point to this scene isto let the characters know in.
no uncertain terms that they are not fully trusted by the
Giovanni, and that they are never alone.

Scene Frve: THe Detrvery

The following scene can happen toa ghoul the characters
own" and a couple of his flunkies, or to the characters them:
selves depending on whether the characters spend any tune by
the wharf (sce the Appeadix), and on the Sworyteller's desires,
John Mackler (see Part Two of this act) aives at the
‘Commercial Wharf by boat. He has brought with him a trunk
thatheallowsnoone but himselftotouch. He mutterstohimself
‘continuously, and if anyone uses Auspex to overhear him they
will hearan address and name being repeated over and over. The
name is that of one of the Children of Isaac, and the address is
that of a location one of that person's underlings has set up in,
Probably an office or a back room in a business somewhere.
Ifthe characters do not disturb Mackler (hopefully they
will remember that Andreas instructed them to intercept any

packages meant for the newcomers), then the ghoul and
flunkies approach will have to be used after all.

Nuova Mavens

2

Tue WratHor Gon (Orn Mayne Not)

{a ghoul and his flunkies are used in this scene, halfway
theough the night, one of the characteris approwlial by the
shoul (itcould alo bea particulary violence-oriented morta, if
none of the Kindred in the characters have an appropriate
shoul). The ghoul tells the characters member, probably the
Kindred who ghouled him, aboue the odd like man (obu
Mackler), and his trunk. The ghoul relates that he and his
flunkies tried to make Mackler open the trunk and show them
‘what was init, but he refused saying that God would strike them
down if they opened it. Well, chey opened icall right; Mackler
stood aside, apparently expecting that God actually woukd strike
them down. Luckily for them God was busy. Mackler became

‘very agitated when the ghoul and his flunkies saw the cracked
stone tablets in the trunk with their odd writings, ane attacked

them; Mackler took a big chunk out of one of the flunkies, but
the others cracked the man's skull open. The flunky would live.
"Anyway, boss, we thought you might want to take a look at
these rock things. They look like real bad juju" The ghoul ier
takes the character or characters down to the wharf, and gives
them The Aneshexcton and The Khazar's Diary.

the characters do the deed themselves, thingsunfokl pretty
much the same way. The characters may attempe to subdue the
shoul instead of killing him, but he won't stop fighting until he's
knocked out. He becomes unintelligible after that, jabbering,
about God and failure and wrath and Armageddon and Gehenn;
‘ac thae point Dominate and Presence are all but useless on him.

PartTwo:
RepIRECTIONS

In various parts of the first three Giovanni Chronicles,
the characters are concemed with a piece of lore called the
Sargon Fragment. Itcontainsancient and powerful lore linked
to Cappadocius' plan to diablerize, and thus become, God,
‘The Giovanni wish to use it to make a sort of Hell on Earth
—to remove the barrier between the lands of the living and
the lands of the dead.

The Children of Isaac end up traveling to Egypt, to
Lazarus' tomb, where they eventually find astone tablet that
is the Sargon Fragment. They only reach the tomb, however,
after spending some time with the Setites, on whose land the
tomb rests. The Setitesspend thistime attempting toconvert
thecharactersin any way possible. A Tzimisce who works for
the Setites, one Alexet (actually Sascha Vykos, a long-time
‘enemy of the Cappadocian Constancia), attempts to get the
tablet away from the characters, convinced that it contains
the means to great power (which it docs).

Thisscene, told in flashbuck, requitesthat the plyersportray
characters other than those they created for Nuova Malattia.

CHARACTERS POR THE PLAYERS TO PLAY

It is recommended that Constancia herself s played by the
Storyteller: she will not be present for ment of this flasbbamch, atnl

she has very specific directions to give to the other characters. It
is alo recommended that Alexei (Sascha Vy), the Taimisce
who currently holds the documents, as well as Constancta's ghoul:
Dalia. and Vykos' guard, be played by the Storyteller. However, if
theStoryteller wishes to play upthe horror of whatever fate befls
Dalia, he may arrange with a player to play her asa sort of "plant"
the player would have to follow her "scnpe" very carefully, and
woukdn't ave fll fee will as the others do.

Some possibilities for characters the players may play
are: Marat Bechade, Constancia's favored ghoul; Anatole,
the Malkavian religious lunati ther of Anatole's "apostles"
(ghouls): Mark Gershon or John Mackler; of Seten Sukard
a Setite. If you have more players than the characters that
have been provided, you should create additional ghouls for
any of the vampires involved.

The ghoulsall have adot in Potence, and you may allow
them all to choose another two dots in various Disciplines
(four for Marat, due to his advanced age). No Discipline
shouldbe higher than Zand no unusual Disciplines should be
chosen. Some of the main possibilities are Auspex, Obfus
cate, Fortitude, Celerity, Presence, Dominate. Give each
shoul one to three blood points to play wi

‘The characters in this flashback can be found

MECHANICS OF RUNNING A FLASHBACK
‘The Storyteller should strongly consider running
flashback without dice, asthe events contained herein have
already happened and thus should not be subject to the
whims of chance. It ts recommended that it be run mon

series of vignettes, narrated by the S
which the players are given the oppx
events about in the manner they believe best.

Discipline levels are provided so that Storyteller an player
both have some idea of what characters are capable of; they are
not there t encourage dice-rolling. The Storyteller showld read
through the section to get some Alea of which characters
capable of what, as well as how the scene should end, and make
rulings accondingly. General ileas are given of how varios
characters might be affected by certain abilities andl Discuplines.

TueSet-Up
The lere of Sanon found on cracked stone tablets with
numerology and words in Chaldean chiscled inte thew surtaces
There are several dpensitions the Anexhexcum and the Khoa'
Diary might have ended up in at the end of The Sun Has Set. The
players' characters might have obtained it jacana' tomb,
‘Alexei might have taken or traded fo it fom the characters. The
jovani: might have acquired it. The characters might ha
broken the stone tablets in onder to keep either Alexet or the
‘Giovanni from getting thew hands on
I Alexei made off with the tablets then all s set up
\rrival," you may ski

‘Act Ik Toe Biooo or Hus Erasers

33

Servant's Interruption, Version 1" as a brief introduction. If
the tablets were broken, then run "The Servant's Interrup-
ton, Version 2° instead.

f you did not run the previous book of The Giovanni
Chronicles, then choose the introduction you like best and
run with it

Arnivat

Thisscene takes place eight nightsafterthe charactersat
the end of The Sun Has Set left Lazarus' tomb.

The first few scenes take place in Constancia's desert
Ihideaway, which she has termed Hell for various and sundry
reasons. It consists ofa ramshackle hut out in the middle of the
desert, seemingly deserted, and thecavesystem beneath it. The
entrance to the caves is actually in some dry brush nearby
‘rather than in the hut. The hut has no windows, and is usable
astemporary shelter fora vampire. The cavesare dark and cool,
with only the occasional torch (set well back from the passage
0 that no Cainite need venture too close to the flames) and
some luminous fungus to light the way. The caves hide a maze
‘oftunnnels,and without guidancenooneislikely tofind her way
through it. Two ghouls and one unspeaking zombu guard the
entrance (from the inside, so that they cannot be seen from the
outside), and three other ghouls stand stationed at various
points along the passageway that leads to Constancia's rooms.
‘One ghoul at the entrance and twoof the ghouls in the tunnels
poses low levels of Auspex

‘Constancta's rooms are almost as dark, with sputtering
torches in the distant comers. Constancia herself sits upon a
lange stone chairalongone wall, her eyes shrouded in thought
and her fingers idly playing with the stylized carvings of the
chair. Thete are three different exits to the room, two of
which potentially lead back to the entrance, and the third of
which leads to another exit altogether. Another ghoul and a
second zombie guard this exit, although Constancia has
never used it and thus expects that no one knows about
is only there in case of emergency. Constancia sleeps much
further within the cave system.

In this scene Anatole antives at Comtancia's desert
hideaway. There is a bustling confusion as the dirty, dazed
Malkavian and his ghouls enter the first of the caves, and are
led by the ghoul who brought them here from Cairo to
Constancia's chamber. Constantia hooks outat Anatole from,
narrow-lidded eyes, and her face is confused between the
‘welcoming smile on her lipsand the spark of anger in her eyes.

Constancia greets Anatole amiably enough, ignoring
sany ghouls he may have brought with him. "You took well
‘enough time getting here, my dear," she chastises him. Ifthe
characters made off with the tablets, then she comments that
the Cainites she summoned him to help seem to have done
«quite well enough without him. If the Giovanni took them,
she says that she has much better prey for him than a few
pathetic Setites with delusions of corrupting the world —
"notthat they'd understand what true corruption means," she
‘mea. If Vykos took them, she says that Anatole may still yet

be of use to her. If the tablets were broken, she sighs,
appearing to be caught between anger and a deep depression,
and says that all may be lost — "but at least those vulgar
Giovanni won't get their dirty fingers on Sargon'slote."

Tre Servant's INTERRUPTION, VERSION]

Use this scene if ether the Giovanni oe the Childleen of
Isaac from The Sun Has Set took the tablets

‘Constancia is making Anatole at home, calling Marat
Bechade, her favored ghoul, to lead the Malkavian to his
esting place for the swiftly approaching day. If Anatole ot his
shouls ask, Mark, John and any other ghouls or mortals he
brought will be housed in a bare room near the entrance tothe
cave system. Iisobviousthat Constanciagiveslittle thought
to the care or comfort of the ghouls, and regards them (with
the exception of Marat) as little more than animals.

A ghoul rushesinto the chamber: She isa young Egyptian
girl, about 13 years of apparent age. She has been Constancia's
shoul for about 11 years, and her name is Dalia Gombar.
CConstancia values the gil for her spying abilities —she can be
as quict as a summer breeze, and she can hide in the smallest
places. Dalia rushes up to Constancia with a child's excess of
‘energy. She pushesone of Anatole's ghouls roughly aside in het
haste, barely remembering at the last minate to knee! before
CConstancia, bow her head, and wait to be spoken to.

"Yes, child?" Constancia's tone is even, but she sits
forward in her chair, her eyelids opening from their half-
lidled position,

"There isnews, Lady. The torturer hasreclaimeathe tablets"

"How? Consancias face tsa mask ofarely restrained fury

"He sent an evil creature, twisted and broken, and it
traveled by daylight. The ghouls and servants were no match
for it. It erased its trail behind it, so that it could not be
followed by the Kindred, but | watched and traced it back to
\Vykos. heard him say that the ones he took the tablets from
left Egypr, following a false trail he left for them." The gitl
lances at Anatole and his ghouls, seeing them for the first
time."Ican lead otherstack tohim." She waitsfor Constancia's
reply, still kneeling on the hard stone floor.

‘Constancia reaches for Dalia, but stops short. "I still need
you," she mutters, then calls"Asif! A mortal appears from the
shadows, middle-aged man with gray specklinghis black hair.
CConstancia grabs the mortal and tears into him as though he
were Alexei himself, draining his blood and scattering his
limbs to the comers ofthe room. The man screams fora brief
‘moment before she rips his throat out. Then she orders Marat
to take Anatole and his ghouls to their resting places, "for itis.
100 close to sunrise for you to venture out tonight. Tomorrow
Dalia will rake you to where Vykos lies."

Tre Senvant's Ierennuption, Vension 2,
Use this scene if the tablets have been broken.
Dalia rushes into the Constancia's audience chamber
just as in version one of this scene, again knocking against
‘one of Anatole's ghouls in her haste. This time, however, she

‘Nuon Maura


tells Constancia that "the torturer has reassembled the tab-
lets." Again Constancia asks how, her face the same mask of
fury, and the child replies: "I saw him summon a demon, a
‘woman in a white dress with long white hair and white eyes.
He bargained with her; he agreed to do services for her in
retumn for a whole tablet." Dalia looks confused. "I know she
‘saw me; she winked and smiled at me when his back was
turned, even though I was hidden very well. But she never
told him I was there."

The gil looks at Anatole and his ghouls as in the other
version of this scene, and says that she can lead others to
where the Cainite lies. Again, Constancia barely restrains
herself from killing Dalia, instead summoning the mortal Asif
and ripping him apart before sending Marat to escort
Constancia's guests to their quarters.

Tue Servant'sInTeRRUPTION, VERSION 3
Use this scene if Vykos made off with the tablets on his
‘The giel rushes in just as before, but this time she says

"the torturer has stopped. He's holed up in the abandoned

temple. He couldn't wait to look atthe tablets. saw someone

‘che there with him, though; there was a woman with white

hair and white eyes. They were arguing, but I couldn't tell

what they were saying. Then the woman nodded and turned
to go. As she turned, she saw me, even though I was hidden
very well. She winked and smiled at me when the torturer's

‘back was tumed, and she never told him I was there."
‘Constancia uses the incident to try to convince Anatole

that the Trimisce is bargaining with demons. She i jubilant

that he was foolish enough to stop running, and determined
tomake the most ofhis mistake. She callsfor Asifand casually
drinks from him, stopping when he slumps to the floor to tell

Marat to escort her guests to their quarters.

Tue Race Becins

Constancia's Meetina

Anatole and hic ghouls are escorted back toConstancia the
next night, again by Marat. fthe Storyteller wishes the various
shoul may speak with each other during the day, or even spy on
«each other If Anatole's ghouls wander too far they become lest
within the tunnels Fventally Marat, or another ofConstancia's.
shoul, will find them and take them back to their room. If
Interruption I ran, then Daliasceksout the ghoulsat some point
and tells them that she saw Vykos speaking with the white-
haired and white-eyed woman, and that the woman sxw her,
smiled at her and winked at he. She shivers when she sys this,
and she gets cold, faraway look in her eyes

Constancia explains the situation to the other charac-
ters, telling them of her search for some method of revenge
against the Giovanni or the deaths of the rest ofherclan,and
of the heroic efforts of the vampires who searched for and
found Lazarus' tomb. She will paint Vykos as the worst
romible Cainite,a Tsimisce sorcerer who tornuesally and foe

alike, makes bargains with demons, and seeks only to gain
power for himself through whatever means possible (this isn't
farfrom the truth). Indeference to Anatole'ssensibilities,she
will stress the part about bargaining with demons, describing
him as an enemy of and an offense to God.

Constancia exhorts the characters to allow Dalia to lead
them to Vykos, and asks that they take back the tablet and
pass iton tothe Children of Isaac (after allowingher to verify
its authenticity), so that they may use the information
‘contained therein todestroy the Giovanni uttely. She orders
Marat to go with Anatole and his ghouls (if other players are
playing other ghouls of Constancia, then Marat may use his
position as Constancia's favored ghoul to order others to
‘come along, or to request of Constancia that she dos).

As Anatole's retinue turns to go, Dalia in the lead, a Setite
contact of Constancia's named Seren appears silently in the
doorway, having used a high level of Obfuscate to get past the
squards. anda Thaumanurpica ital tofind his way through the
passages to the audience chamber. Constancia is outraged at
his appearance, but if he at all mentions his erimity with
Alexei, orhis mission toretrieve Alexei sothat the Setites may
torture him, she relents. She cates far more about her enmity
with Vykos and her hatred of the Giovanni than about the
Setites. "What better fate for the demon-spaven than to spend
an eternity atthe skilled hands of Setite torturers?" she muses.
Ifthe "guest" corrects her or mentions. time limit, she frowns,
but acquiesces anyway. "Perhaps you could keep him a little
while longer. I will speak to you about this later, however.
Right now it would be best if Vykos did not escape."

Constancia alwayscalls the Tzimisce by Vykosor Sascha,
although she knows that he currently goes by Alexei

Before the characters leave, she gives Anatole a ruby
brooch. "It is rumored to have protective powers against
demons and those who serve them," she tells him. "I do not
{know if that is truth — I only know that itis old, and that it
was blessed by a saint some centuries ago. No one seems t0
know which saint, however." No demon, and no mortal or
Cainite who has made a pact with a demon, may woul he
brooch or use ritual magic against its wearer

TuRouGH THE Desert

It is nighttime, and the desert is surprisingly cold. If
Marat does not think of it another of Constancia's servants
will offer new, heavy cloaks to Anatole's ghouls. Constancia's
thouls lead two camels out, laden with water, a little food and
a bundle of sand-colored cloth shrouds. The ghoul recom-
mends to Anatole that any mortals be left behind, and that
he drink his fill before he goes.

the Setite is being controlled by the Storyteller then he
‘eves the ghouls hungrily. especially Dalia. There is a slight
cold wind, and the party must shield their eyes to keep the
sand out. Dalia leads with soft words, so that the party may
follow the sound of her voice. She speaks in Egyptian; if
asked, either she or Marat can explain that she is rec: the
wordstoan old Egyptian prayer for protection. Itisimpossible

‘AcTIE Tit Broo or Her Bxoes

55

for any of the foreigners to tell how Dalia is finding het way;
‘one sand dune looks pretty much like the next to them.

(Close to sunrise, Dalia stops by a small, dead standoof brush,
"We should stop here" she tells the others. To Anatole and the
Setite, she says, "we can bury you in the sand, and place the
shroud overtop to make certain the light does not reach you."
‘She begins digging with her hands, and she does a much better
job than one might expect for her size and apparent age, thanks
toabitofPotence. fanyone insistson goingfurther,she explains
that the only shelter nearby isthe abandoned temple Vykes is
stayingin,and that they would not quite reach ity sunrise. Dalia
‘erects another shrou forthe ghouls to sleep beneath during the
day; she says that it will help keep Vykos' guards from seeing.
them, although she thinks the party is staying fr enough away
toguarantee that anyway. Anyone whohelps the gil isrewarded
with a shy smile, and a sparking of black eyes.

fnoone else suggestsitfirst then Dalia recommends setting.
«a watch forthe day, taking turns among the ghouls. She tries to
arrange to be on watch with any ghoul who has shown her
kindness. The day tums out tobe boring, no one arives to give
the ghouls trouble. When someone who has shown Dalia
{kindness beds down, she willattempetocurl up with ther (Ifn0,
‘one has, then she will choose the ghoul who hus seemed the
nicest soar.) This may seem very childish, even sweet, but after
4 few minutes she'll reach out her hands, exploring her new-
found friend' sbody.Ifher companion allowsher to, she willhave
sex with them, skillfully initiating a prolonged and fairly gentle
lovemaking session (although she does not object fer partner
‘srough, as long as the man or woman does not harm het). Ifher
chosen sexual partner objects duc to her age, she giggles gilishly
and points out that she isn't even a teenager anymore.

If her partner harms her, she'll scream for Marat, who
will hopefully realize that she's the only way they'll find
‘Vykos (and who knows that Constancia would be upset if
something happened to the gitl without her permission). If
her chosen partner refuses to sleep with her, she stomps off
intoanother comer ofthe makeshift tent, pouting and angry.
From then on she will snub the person. refusing to acknowl-
edge their existence.

ALEXEI

Avexer'sCamp

Dalia leaves the camp at nightfall ust as the others are
‘ising, insisting that she can check things out best herself —
that her hiding place won't it an adult. [fsomeone insists on
following her oF uses Obfuscate todo 0, they se her disappear
{nto a small hole (apparently the result of a crack that has
croded over time) in a large, decrepit stone temple partially
built into a cliff. The hole is too small for anyone bigger than
Dalia to follow; indeed, she just barely lips into it, tearing the
hhem of her shirt along the way. Ifthe Sette uses Serpentis to
‘tansform intoa snake and follow her, he finds that the tunnel
leads to a small, dark comer ofthe first floor of the temple.
‘Sascha tsat the side ofthe room atastone table. He bends over

the top of the table, muttering to himself. There is another
shadow off to the side, shuffling oddly in the darkness; without
Ausper it is not visible in the darkness. A pair of odd, luminous
yellow eyes can be seen, however. The pupils are sitted like a
cat' although the shape appears to stand upright.

If Dalia sees the snake, she scowls and shakes her finget
at it, ying to shoo it back toward camp.

‘When Dalia returns, she says that Vykos is completely
absorbed in translating the tablets She says that one ofhis twisted
‘monsters guards the main entrance to the temple, and that the
‘only other entrance has long been blocked by fallen stone.

Allow the group to be creative in how they enter the
temple, if that is their wish. They may, with some difficulty
(and at least ane broken hone as the result of a fall) scale the
wall of the temple and enter through a high window. The
ghouls and vampires may heal their wound with blood, bu it
may also leave them quite hungry, especially if it's the las of
‘a ghoul's bland pool.

‘The characters may ty to enter through the blocked
centrance, although that should quickly become obvious as a
bad idea; the stone would take at least all night to move despite
the ghouls' Potence, and the noise would become audible
inside the temple once they got close to breaking their way
through. The Setite can enter the temple himself through the
hole in snake form. However, ifhe goes too far into the temple,
the guard-creature sniffs him out and attacks. (While the
Setite's preperformed rituals protect him against Sascha ‘s
direct intervention, they do not protect him against Sascha 's
<creature.) He may fle before itcan killhim (itismuch toolarge
to follow him into the hole), but he cannot best it.

Avexer's Berravat

The main entrance to the temple may be the most
‘obvious, or the players may decide it'sa trap and avoid it. The
‘only sense in which its trap is that the guard isthere. Sascha
‘was in such a hurry to delve into the mysteries of the tablet
that he posted only the one guard; the siren song of power is
too much for him. Besides, he has no reason to suspect
CConstancia's presence in the desert, and he knows that the
Giovanni and the other party have already left the area. He
may expect the Setites to come looking for him, but he knows
that they do not have a way to best his guard other than
physical combat. By the time a 10-minute physical combat
has been drawn out, he can escape.

Of course, Alexei did not count on the brooch. Nor did
he count on being so involved in his studies that he wouldn't
hear the first couple of minutes of fighting (giving the party
a couple of moments to discover the use of the brooch)

‘Additionally, Alexei overlooked being betrayed by one of
his less savory helpers. Just before the characters encounter
‘Alexei'sguard,a woman with straight white hair and lain white
ceyesand wearing along white silk dress appears before them. She
looks familiar to Anatole, although he can't quite place why.

The woman's eyes have an Asian dant to them. She
kneels before Dalia, smiles sweetly, and says "Remember me?"

‘Nuova Maca


Dalia nods mutely. The woman looks at Marat and says, "May
Thave her! In retur, I can guarantee that you have a chance
to take Sascha. If Marat declines (he can find the way home
for the group, but he may not wish to give away Constancia's
property), she says, "Are you sure?" Her expression tums nasty.
"Lean alo make sure that he escapes unharmed, if you will not
sivehertome." Daliaisshaking, butsays nothing, even ifasked
‘what she wants to do. If Marat or any other character, including
the Seite, agrees at any time, then the woman stiles happily.
She places a hand upon Dalia' shoulder and leans down to
speak in her ear, just loud enough so that the others can
‘overhear. "Come, child. We have a world of pain and pleasure
to explore, and I have so much to teach you!" As the two
vanish a faint echo of Dala's scream can be heard.
anyone tries to attack the woman, she gestures fluidly
with one white-clawed hand and the person finds themselves
thrown back against a wall. If someone wearing the brooch
attempts to attack her, she sighs and vanishes, reappearing
somewhere nearby, with another character between her and
her attacker. "Is this what you term hospitality?" she says. If
someone with the brooch tries to use it to repel her, she
flinches in pain and retreats before them, but she does not
leave unless comered or unless her mission appears useless.

‘Tne Inner SANCTUM

‘Once the characters breach the temple and best its guard,
there are several possibilities for what might happen next.

If the characters spent the 10 minutes fighting the beast
(which the Storyteller should not allow to happen, as there
{sno obvious reason for the brooch to not have been present),
Vykos is in the process of escaping through the blocked
entrance, which is now mysteriously free of debris (a ritual
‘Vykoshad set up ahead of time to give himselfan escape exit),
The tablets appear to have been too much for him to simply
grab up, but he has a sheaf of papers with crabbed, hasty
writing on them in his hands.

Ifthe party banished the beast, then Vyas is just looking
up from the tablets, blinking owlishly. He was so absorbed in his
work that he didn't notice what happened. He is dazed from the
‘new concepts and understandings that course through his mind.

Ifthe characters gave Dalia to the demon, then as Vykos
steps toward them he shudders slightly. His eyes lose focus.
He pulls himself together long enough to mutter an incanta-
tion of some sort, but the Setite glows briefly, and nothing
happens. Vykos slides to the ground, acting for all the world
as though he's exhausted. His words are slurred and nonsen-
sical. Seren may now step up and transport himself and Vkos
away from the temple, taking him prisoner. If Seren doesn't,
and if the party does not find another way to incapacitate
him, then he recovers after five minutes and concentrates on
‘escaping. (The group, except for Seren, may wish to let him
40, as he leaves the tablets behind in his haste to depart.)

If the characters did not give Dalia to the demon, then
they face a more difficult challenge. Vykos again mutters the
incantation, with the same lack of effect. He tries a second

time, his voice rising, but again he fails. Then he tries to
escape. He will run for the doorway of the temple. Anyone
who gets in his way is shoved rudely with one hand — and
finds their flesh agonisingly sluiced from their bones by
Vicissitude where his hand touched them. He grabs Dalia if
she is still present and throws her into the nearest character:
her bones are heard to crack and reform beneath his hands
and she shrieks. A character member may trip him up or jump
‘oni back;aslongas they hold his ands toprevent his using
Vicisstude to reshape them, they may hold him prisoner
briefly — but not long enough for Seren to work his ritual
before Vykos assumes a monstrous beast-shape. Seren fails
and Vykos escapes.

At any rate the party ends up with the tablets. which
\Vykos has left behind in his haste to escape the Setites. (Of
‘course, who is to say how much of the knowledge he trans-
lated and remembers?)

If Vykos had the chance to use his Vicissieude on Dalia,
then she is too badly damaged to live for long, and the most
kind thing to do for her would be to kill her. If the party
chooses to take her back to Constancia, then she will live
long enough to reach the caves. Her body is horribly twisted,
however; her bones can be heard to grind against each other.
She cries incessantly, mewling in pain,

THe End

Anatole and his ghouls should go back to visit Constancia,
1s Marat must return toreport to her rightaway, and they will
need a guide to get them out ofthe desert. They may have left
supplies and retinue with Constancia, and the ghouls will
need more food and water to return to Cairo.

‘Constancia is very grateful to the party for what they
have done and stresses how important itis that the tablets get
to the frst party. She accepts the news of Dalia's death with
‘equanimity, if Dalia died; if Dalia was traded tothe demon for
help, then she shrugs and says it was a small price to pay for
such a prize. If Dalia is not dead yet and was brought back by
the party, then Conetancia picks the girl up in her arms
almost gently, and offers her to Anatole. If Anatole refuses,
then Constancia drains her dry. Dalia has been whimpering,
and crying all the while, and her cries subside as het killer
drinks. When she is dead, Constancia drops her to the floor
like a toy that is no longer entertaining.

‘Tue Vision

After Anatole leaves (presumably with a guide), he sees
a pale angel standing in the sand before him. She looks
surprisingly like the demon, except that her dress is pale blue
and her eyes are normal (with hazel irises); at this point
‘Anatole remembers why the demon looked familiar. Sheisan
angel he has seen many times before, who has guided him
well, and this time she tells him, "the ones you seek will be
found in the New World, some decades hence. Find them
there." She then fades away into the blowing sand, all trace
of her obliterated by the wind.

‘Ack The Broo or Hes Brees

7

The guard atthe abandoned temple where Vykosmakes his

haven looks something like a cross between a cat and a ten:
tacled... thing. It's black and k

foul-smellin

Iewalks upright on twolegswhen wandering ron,
guard by the temple door. When hunting some

Jown on all fours. Its claws are shagp and is hi

is hard, like
© oF something that causes aggravated damage is
required to harm it. Ir'srelatively smart, butt doesn't like Vykos
very much, soit interprets his orders faily literally. It was told to
stand at the door and guard the temple, so as long as someone
doesn't actually come into the temple they're fine. It noticed
Dalia the first time she came by, but since she didn't come
further intothe temple than the hole in the wall, it eft her alone.
and Potence, Fortitude and
h lee wery hand to damage.
acked by the entire group at once they might be able
to bring it down, but it would take about 10 during
time the guard would badly damage the characters and
Vokos would escape. Ifany
t it, it would ever

The guard is very stror
Colerity doe
Hinwe

tempest all th

wearing the ruby brooch that Conseancia gave Anatole
proaches it, it will whin
temple entrance. doin
brooch. Iewill, howev

ind run away through the

oid the pension hearing the

a parting claw at anyone else in its

way, doing three health levelsof aggravated damage in one blow
(despite Fortitude) be

Unless Anatole (or

first,

running away into the darkness.
meone ele bearing the brooch)

approaches the b pallow the

snuand todo some damage before it teaches the correct person and

nd is too alien for Presence or Dominate to
have more than a fleeting. auperficial eect upon it

flees. The guard

CONSTANCIA

CConstancia isthe first childe of Japheth, Cappadocius
son, and 1s ofthe Fifth Generation. She isnt an adventuter,
but she has traveled across Europe, as well as into Africa and
Asia. She cult acts everywhere, and is constantly
answering le int friends. She is a widely re
nowned scholar and thanatologist, and was the matron ofthe
(Cappadocians' Erciyes temple until 1443

Constancia's great age, as wel as her grim studies, have
intense paranoia. She suspects everyone she
f malice, and is constantly worried about
assassins. She has an ongoing enmity with Sascha Vos, and

doesn't know

news of his doings typically sends Constancia into k
of paranoia and seclusion. The Malkavian Anatole inspires
her; she claims that hisdivine madness gives her new insight.

we bouts

Constanciadisappeared in 1443, precisely one year before
ni purge of Clan Cappadocian. Shortly before that
yy Kindred had expressed concem over het experimenta
tion upon both mortals and Cainitesalike. Constancia traveled
foratime under various names, and spent some time in London
with the Cappadocian Thomas Becket Camden. Eventually
went on to Egypt, determined to find out whether the
Lazarus she had heard of was indeed her sire Japheth as she
believed. She sought his wisdom, and the lore of Sargon, in her
effort to destroy the Giovanni,

Meanwhile, herspicsbringhersome newsof the Giovanni
aand their doings, and she is alerted to their ongoing strugal
with the Children of Isaac. When this sequence takes pl
Constancia still exists in Egypt, and she disguises herselt
beggar woman named
hun c d that a

lis whenever she ventures neat
beggar, she may
and worry have taken

ir toll on her, and she is a shadow of her former self
obsessed with revenge. She believes that the Children of


Isaac are in abetter position than she istomake use of Lazarus'
documents against the Giovanni

Image: Co and thin to the point of
emaciation. Her h ind extends most of th
way down her neck. Her iful if they
were not set so harshly, and were not so sunken. When she
leaves her haven, she wears a long robe that covers her hair

fe

obviously a foreigner. She speaks Egyptian flawlessly

Roleplaying Hints: You have a sort of tragic i
you when you're lucid and calm. Draw yourself up
straight and speak very clearly, with precise diction. When
upset, take everything the wrong way and suspect everyone
except Anatole or Marat of being in learue with your en-
emies. Youare obsessed with death now, most particularly the
deaths of the Giovanni. Your moods swing wildly back and
forth, calm fora few minutesand then furiously angry. You do
haveacertain measure of restraint and control. however, and
it's been almost 80 years since you killed one of your ghouls
during one of your fits.

Marat Becnane
Max
when she isin her i

is Constancia's ghoul. He follows her loyally
\d, and takes care of het when she
isn't. He has been with her for almost 300 y
her and her wishes very well. He began his term as her ghoul
by falling in love with her. He long ago outgrew such
feelings, but he still feels very fondly toward her due to the
blood bond. She treats him

knows

Il when she's calm, and he
knows when she'sbeing paranoid and angry that she doesn't

really mean the things she says. He is incredibly p

caring, and would do anything possible to help ¢

ide Constancia hired when she first
arrived in Egypt. He was fascinated by the beautiful foreign

remained her guide and companion throughout
her stay. She rewarded him by ghouling him, determined th
he should remain her companion in her search for

and concemed that he must be absolutely loyal to her

Blood Bond would certainly insure that

Image: Marat has dark skin and curly black hair. He is

talland slender, but strong, and he keepsin shape. He has cast
himself as Constancia's protector, and he looks the part
even if she is the powerful one of the two.
Roleplaying Hints: Treat Constancia with patience and

wo matter what state she's
but when others come to spe
certain in little ways that they know they are
her. You regret that she may not occupy a station be

ca ‘You are generally friendly
with your mistress you make
ot worthy of
her, but you realize the necessity for secrecy. You are mc
determined than ever to let her know that she is "
you, and that she is cared for. You know howev
publi bee
front of Cainites and their ghouls you must treat her as you
would treat a queen,

yous must treat her simply as anothe and in

ANATOLE
Anatole was born to the wife of a cap

Paris in 1172. He became a

but he was fascinated w

soul. Pierre l'Imbecile, a Malka

chose to Embrace

the guard in
dsman with the city watch,
ich and wasa very devout
(and also a devout soul),
inatole because of his ability to see the
nts of God on Earth. Pierre explained tc
that his role was to prove that Cainites se
nd then he abandoned him. Anatole's derangement, a
tendency to experience hallucinations, causes him to see
symbols, peopleand objects that don texis (although Anatole
believes them to reveal God's presence). Anatole has been
known to repel!
his fractured mind

moven Anatole

se Goals purposes,

ndred by calling out tothe angels he sees in

AcrIk Tie Buooo or Hur Bases

9

Anatole is adept with both sword and shield, and pos

inthe province of the Malkavians,
gwhere he learned them. Anatole has
been seen with an ento rmonklike pilgrims, believed
to be his ghouls, his herd or a combination thereof
Anatole spent almost a century in a religious fervor,
during which he believed that God had directed him to
dliablerize vampires; he made many Cainite enemies through-
those years. By the end of the 18th century, Anatole had
olved with the French Revolution and the lay
sm it inspired, He changed the focus of his fervor from
to the Jyhad. Anatole met with another
' 1, Octavio, who asked Anatole to diablerize him
and thuspassed on his visions of demons rising from the earth.
With this new motivation, Anatole journeyed to the New
World, where he spread the word of Gehenna's approach,
Before Anatole went to America. however. Constancia
sent word asking him to come to Egypt. The angels agreed, and
0 Anatole and some of his ghouls answered her summons.
Constancia had received word of the Chikdren of aac coming
in search of Lazarus' tomb. She thought that they might need
help against the Setites and the Giovanni, but did not want to
involve herself with them — she was in one of her periods of
sechssion. ly, Anatole's visions wanted him to
stop several times along the way, so he arrived just a litle too
late tohelp the characters against either Alexei (Vykos) or the
Setites. Constancia still has a use for him, however.
's Jong blond hai is tangled and filthy
res and an average build, and looks like a
vagrant mercenary; he wears piecemeal armot scavenged
from conpses. His sword is rusty and blood-encrusted, and he
ten has dried blood on his mouth, hait and clothing.
Roleplaying Hints: God has granted you divine visions
and speaks to you through even mundane items. You under-
stand that only those blessed by God can see what you see.
‘The objects around you explain where you must goand what
you mast do, and you believe them implicitly. Trust the
angels who guide you; they often lend their aid to you.
Notes: Anatole has a True Faith rating of 1. See Vam-
pire: The Masquerade for the effects of True Faith
Disciplines: Anatole has Auspex, Obfuscate, Celerity,
Fortitude and Potence all at 2 dots of more

le isn't say

Marx GersHon

Mark is Anatole's ghoul. He believes he is the apostle
Mak reincarnated to do God's work in the final days of man,
and that Anatole is Christ. He has been alive for 70 years, 42
‘of those as a ghoul, but that has never surprised him. Nor have
the miracles that Anatole performs — they're part and parcel
to hisdelusions. Occasionally he wonders why it is that Christ
conly walks the earth at night, but then he shrugs and reminds
himself that it is not his place to question God's will. He
‘understands that this time around Christ isan instrument ofhis
father's vengeance rather than his father's mercy, so it doesn't

Nuown Maarna

bother him to see Anatole kill people. He has a little trouble
seeing Anatole drink people's blood, but he puts that down to
«demons giving him evil visions in an effort to distract him from.
his path. As for his drinking Anatole's blood, that was simply
more ditect way of partaking of Christ's body and blood.

‘Mark has no teal memory of his life before Anatole, but
hhe was a mercenary soldier. He'd become despondent over
thenumber of people he'd killed when he watched a child die
in his arms. He traveled toa nearby church and hada religious
conversion — he was prepared to become a hermit when
Anatole recruited him instead

‘Image: Mark is short, whip-thin and pale. His hair is light
brown, dirty and infested with lice. He probably hasn't taken
a bath in years. His clothing is cheap peasant garb, tattered,
tom and blood-stained. The sword shung across his hack looks
rather incongruous, but at least he knows how to use it

Roleplaying Hints: Youdon'tsee Anatole'sangels, or any
of his other visions, bur you believe in Anatole and do
whatever he says. Sometimes the killing bothers you — after
all, this is what you'd been trying to escape — bu then you
remind yourself that you're doing God's will and everything
Lexowes all right. If you speind oy much time sway fram
Anatole you become less and less sure of yourself, and find
‘yourself having difficulty with the idea of killing people. You
resent your fellow ghoul, John Mackler, because he isgiven the
ane rewards ws you even though he is noc « willing servant of
the Lord. You take every opportunity to show him up.

Jonn Mackier

John is the other "apostle" in Anatole's retinue. He was a
servant in a nobleman's house in England until Anatole
"liberated" him. Anatole's angels told him that John was
necessary to his cause, and so the Malkavian ghouled and
Blood Bound the young man into his service. John was more
than allittle unhappy about this — it meant leaving behind his

family, including two young daughters. However, Anatole's
blood worked its curse on the young man's mind, convincing
him that he wasin service toGod, and thatasmuch ashe might
resent thing. Eventually he even believed
Anato he apostle John reborn

John has some of the same confusions about Ana
blood-drinking that Mark does, but as he has pri
believed God to be a dark and terrible crea
needed to come up with ade in order to understa

Jon was ghouled 29 years ago,and he was 23 at the time.

Image: John is one of the few followers of Anatole who
keeps himself relatively clean, when possible. He bathes in
whatever rivers or ponds the group might come across. His
hair is shoulder-length and dark brown, and his eyes are of a
similar color. His face has been prematurely aged by worry
and resignation, and is heavily lined.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't like what you do, but you
know it's necessary. Go about your work with a heavy heart
and a sigh, but do it well. You don't understand why the
apostle Mark resents yo

aims that he

ole's
ely always
he ha

of you are in the same
situation, and you do what you can to appease him. You keep
asccret correspondence going with your daughters when you
have the opportunity, although you do not tell them about
ly that you are doing the Lord's work

Anatole; you say

SASCHA V¥KOS/ALexet

Sascha Vykos was a Transyl
was Embraced by the Tzimisce in 1002, and whose apparent
age isdifficult to determine. Sascha fled to Constantinople to
escape his past enmity with the Tremere, and fell in with
Setites at the beginning of the 19th century. He sought dark
‘magics in the hopes of some night besting his Tremere rival,
Goratrix. Vykos cultivated his Vicissitude and practiced
hideous tortures. He followed the Path of Caine, and sought

snian noble and mage who

power in an effort to make himself worthy to serve Caine. The
Setites have allowed him to study their tomes in return for his
service, and he has delved into sectets and performed rituals
that frighten even them.

Lazarus' tomb interested Sascha greatly. He believed

ifthe Giovanni and other vampires were willing
the way toEgype and court the Setites simply tog
tomb, then there must have been something incredibly
important there. He suspected that the Serpents hadn't
discovered all of the tomb's secrets

Sascha has 18 years left of the time he agreed to spend
with the Serpents, but he is willing to risk their displeasure if
it will win for him the contents of Lazarus' tomb.

Image: Alexei has made use of his Vicissinae to seul his
face into a mask of alien and sinister beauty. His features are
perfectly symmetrical. His eyes are contemptuous and his exyees
sion derisive, but his words are entirely polite and well measured.
He wears the greatcout of a modem European gentleman.

Roleplaying Hints:
charming conversationalist; you want your victims to under.
stand exactly what you're doing to them as you use your
Victssitude to cause them untold agonies. You will risk almost
anything for more and darker power.

Disciplines: Sascha has Animalism 5, Auspex 5, Domi
nate 4, Fortitude 2, Potence 3, Thaumaturgy 4, Vicisitude 6,

Seren SuKARDI

Seren Sukardi wasa slave to th
ut his sadism and willingr
yy way, endeared him to his capce
and aftera time he was Embraced. He hasa talent
is capable of great stealth and cuns
assassin for the Setites. Some of his peers look down

You are a master torturer and a

Setites several hundred
es6 10 sell out his fellow

he has become an

him,

seeing him as a common thug, but he sees his chosen,

Aci Te Broco oF Hor Bos

61

sion as an art. Usually he's too wrapped up in his own world

and his own sel-appreciation to realize what his peers think
f him; when he does notice, he silently vows to show then
up, and works even harder at his job. His fantasies are replete

sok down on him,

ong-willed and would never let those

with images of revenge upon those who
although he is st
ams interfere with his duties to his clan.
Seren has always cov
Setites, but he knows t
favor with

ed the position of torturer for the
s long as,
he court, he will never h

quite happy to see Alexei's stat fall, and hopes tobe given the

‘opportunity to torture Alexei when he brings him back. He

ted to Neferu, Queen of the Setite Fire Court,

punishment should be to spend his last 18 years

«tured rather than the torturer, and was delighted to.

within her dark h
The Setites want Alexei back. He is very useful to
m and is the best torturer they've ever had they a
hat he's walking out wi

most dangerous sec ng fully paid his fee
nites to walk off with
have much of a stake in is

hardly a high cost for them, though of course they'll ne

Constancia. He bel

They want him back
him. Allowing a few 1

s that letting her people serve as
distractions while he takes A\ worth allowing herto
have the tablets virtually

One of the rituals Seren performed just before he lefe the
Setite court is one he is very proud of. Given 15 seconds of

he can take himself and any one person he is
touching back to the Setite court with him.

Image: Seren isshortand thin, with long curly black hair
and almost-black eyes. His Potence t:
set than he looks however, and hi
known for killing people before they even realize he's there
His gaze is extremely intense, and he doesn't blink at all. He
is very as though his face was sculpted out of
mahogany, and he appears to be in his late teens.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and speak only when
you have something worthwhile to say. When people speak to
you, stare at them unblinkingly, even if it makes them uncom

le — secretly you enjoy your ability to make people
even though you speak quite politely. Do your best for

Nefenu it is her favor which will gain you the position you seek
within the court. Yo raid of Alexei — you have
known for a long time that you would get your chance to best
him, and have been secretly studyingall ofthe same rituals and
ihe has spent so much time on. Anything he tries,
youexpect tobe able to counter with the rituals you performed
‘on yourself just before you let the Setite court.

Disciplines: Obfuscate 3, Presence 2, Serpentis 4,
‘Thaumaturgy 3

ces him much stron:

Celerity faster. He is

Datta Gomnar

Dalia was ghouled 11 years ago by Constancia, when she
was 13 years old. She is by far the youngest of Canstancia's
retinue, both physically and mentally, and she feels very
lonely. She found, however, that a number of the other ghouls.
(and some of the mortals) find her very attractive, and that
having sex with them is one of the most certain ways to get
affection and attention. It hurt a lot at first, but she's gotten
used to it. The act itself doesn't make her feel good, but
knowing that someone is paying attention to her does. She
won't let anyone hurt her, although she doesn't mind some
rough play (and once she trusts someone enough she'leven let
them tie her up— she isn't a submissive, she's just starved for


affection), but other than that she'll happily do anything
someone might wish. Constancia doesn't care what the git!
does as long as she's still useful, and has once or twice taken the
itl to bed herself, drinking her blood while using her body.

Dalia knows het way around the desert better than any
of Constancia's other ghouls; she has an eidetic memory and
an incredibly uncanny sense of direction. Constancia found
het when the gitl picked the "beggar's" pocket; Dalia is very
good at lifting things from people's pockets and then smiling
sosweetly if she gets caught that almost no one has the heart
totum her in to the police. Daliahad been stealing to support
herself and her sick older brother; Constancia left a little
money for her brother and then took the girl away.

Image: Daliaissmall and thin; she can fit into almost any
confined place. She's quick and still has a child's energy and
enthusiasm. While she is actualy 24 years old, everyone still
treats her asa child, and so she has never really grown up. She
has black hair, cut short to avoid lice and so that someone
chasing her can't grab hold of her hair. She wears raggedy
tunics decorated with cheap gold thread, and white or khaki
pants that are usually too big for her.

Roleplaying Hints: You vacillate between adult sensi-
bilities and a child's display of emotion and enthusiasm. You
crave attention, and will doallsortsof helpful things for other
people in an attempt to get it, but you get very frustrated if
they don't cooperate,

Part TurRee:
BVOLUTION

Scene One:
Tue DaTRIARCAS ARE
STILL INTHE BUILDING

It's time to remind the characters that not all of their
concerns are supernatural in nature. The Patriarcas are a
force to be reckoned with, even if they are mortal. If Micky
isstllalive then thingshave continued pretty much asin Part
One. Either Micky and the characters made a deal to leave
each other alone, or they'te still enemies. Ifthey made a deal
toleavecach other alone, then the characters is beginning to
find little things going wrong around the edges. At first they
may not even connect the missing drug shipment or the
torched car with the Patriarcas.fthey talk to Micky, he looks
troubled and promises to look into things. As it turns out, his
uncle Raymond doesn't entirely agree with the way Micky is
handling things (most specifically he thinks Micky's sense of
honor is misguided), and he secretly sent Micky's younger
brother Lucio to do a lttle dirty work behund Micky's back.
Micky may not lke it, but he feels he has no choice but to go
along with it. He will apologize tothe characters, but he won't
do anything to stop Lucio.

If Micky and the characters are enemies, then the cam-
paign against the characters steps up. Micky's uncle isn't
pleased with the limited results Micky hasbeen obtaining, and
has told him to either get a chunk of Boston under Patranca
<controlor step down in favor of Lucio. Mickyknows how brutal
his brother is, and doesn't lack ambition for himself, so he's
doing everything he can to step on the Giovanni's feet.
Partway through this portion ofthe act, whenever the Story-
teller thinks the characters are getting too complacent, Lucio
shows up anyway to help his brother Micky out

If the characters (or Reginald) killed Micky Patriarca,
then they may be surprised when incidents start occurring
again. Afterall, who would dare to blow up their warehouse
‘or kill their staff after the way they dealt with the Patriarcas?
Raymond finally got around to sendingLucioafterhisbrother
Micky. Lucio and Micky may have disagreed on most things,
but Micky was family and Lucio's big brother, and Lucio is
very, very angry with the characters. He'shete to carve a very
large niche out of Boston for his family, and an even larger
niche out of the characters for himself. He intends to hunt
them down and kill them one by one.

Things should start getting tough for the characters
They may lose some of their hard-earned resources, and theit
contacts may see them as being too dangerous tobe associated
with. It's just possible that one of them might even die. Their
sources are being bought out from under them of threatened
into not dealing with them. Their shipments are vanishing.
The progression should start out slow and ramp up steadily
until "Truce and Betrayal," below. Of course, hopefully the
characters retum the damage blow-for-blow, hurting the
Patriarcas as the Patriarcas hurt the Giovanni.

Paul DiCarlo makes a reappearance when he arrives on
the character' doorstep. The Patriarcas have been threaten:
ing his clients, and Andreas told him the characters would
help him out. The characters might provide extra guards for
Paul's offices and the surrounding areas, or they might try to
clean the Patriarca influence out of that neighborhood en-
tirely. Alternatively. they might provide Paul with a new set
of offices in safer territory. The players can get creative here.
Paul will repay the characters by using any influence or
resources at his disposal to help them.

‘Tre Mi Linens' STAKE IN THINGS,

Early in this part of the act, Jason Milliner comes tothe
vampire(s) among the characters and tells them that the
Patriarcasknocked overabank under Francis' control killing
‘ne of Francis' cousins and stealing some important papers.
Francis wants the characters to do anything they can to deal
with the Patriarca problem, and can give them some funds if
it would be directly useful in this cause. If the Storyteller
wishes to make retrieving the papers a story unto itself this is.
possible; otherwise Jason says thatthe harm has already been
done and the family wll recover, s0 only revenge tin order.
This is the first time the characters have seen Jason angry

‘AciIk Trt Broce oF Hox Exeomes

6

ithe characters seek confirmation from Andreasor Hank
before carrying out the Milliners' instructions, they are told
that the Milliners are "practically family,"and are tobe treated
assuch. They are also told thar the Patriarcas are becoming an
intolerable pest of an organization, and that it's time the
ccharactersdid something about them. Unlike the Milliners the
Giovanni themselves do not offer help. However if the char-
actersasks,thereare of course contactsand resourcesthat could
be divulged in the name of getting rid of such a menace.

ANDREAS' OnsessIONs,

While Hank is simply worried about the threat the
Patriarcas pose, Andreas is fascinated. He wants to know
how itis that mortals could possibly threaten his empire in
any major way: it just isn't anything he ever expected to
happen. In a twisted sort of way, Andreas almost admires
the Patriarcas. If the characters speaks with him he men-
tions wanting to capture some of the Patriarcas alive. He
seems determined tofind out why they think they can win,
and how they do so well. (The answer isprobably that most
of them feel a true family loyalty, devoid of the Giovanni's,
backstabbing and perversions, but Andreas would likely
never believe that.)

If the characters bring Andreas any Patriarca prisoners,
he proceeds to torture them without delay. Rather than the
stem, forceful countenance one might expect from atortuter,
however, a childish fascination lights up his face. He bypasses
all expected questions of numbers, locations, passwords and
resources, and gets straight to finding out what makes the
man tick. He wants to know whether he can buy the man, if
not why not, and why the man fights him. "Come, every man.
‘has his price. What's yours? Money? Sex? Blood?" Andreas
‘opens up his wrist with one long fingernail and the prisoner
looks shocked and sick, If anyone tries to remind Andreas
about the "important" questions, he ignores them entirely.
Andreas continues his questioning until the man dies in his
bonds, and looks vaguely disappointed when that happens, as
though his toy has broken. He lifts the man's beuised and
loodied face by the chin, frowns, and allows it to drop to the
sman'schest with aslight thud. "Get dof that,"he says. ""And
bring me another."

BREAKING TRADITION

‘Something to remember: The Mafia is a very ethnic
sgtoup. It may have associates who aren't Italian, but never
"made men," and it doesn't use non-ltalians as soldiers o
buttonmen. One way in which Raymond Patriarca breaks
tradition, however, i that he uses non-Italian executioners.
It ts a practice for which he has come under fire by other
families, but it means that his targets can't simply stay away
from Italtansaand be safe. Ifthe characters does some research
‘on Patriatca they should be able to find this out; certainly
there is some small rumor of it among the Mafia and the cops.
‘That won't help them much, though. If anything it should
heighten their fear: now instead of worrying about unknown

Italians and feeling (falsely) safe around others, they'll need
to worry all the time, about everyone.

‘The characters have one secret on their side — the
Patriarcas likely don't know that the characters are ghouls
and vampires, and so don't know how hard they'll be to kill.
Of course after the first or second time the Patriarcas shoot
‘someone and then see her walking around again the next
night, they should figure something out.

SceneTwo:
STONE TABLETSAND REWARDS

In Part One of this act, the characters came into posses-
sion of aset of stone tablets. There area number of thingsthey
could choose to do with these. They might hold anto them.
‘They might turn them over to the Milliners. Or they might
tum them over to the Giovanni. fthey hold onto them, they
may try to decipher them. This probably work; the language
chiseled into the tablets is Chaldean, and the characters
aren't likely to find someone to translate it without going to
either the Giovanni or possibly the Children of Isaac.

If the characters hold onto the tablets for too long,
Francis Milliner himself comes knocking. He bluntly asks the
characters whether they were ever planning to tum the
tablets over to the family, all but openly questioning their
loyalty. He refuses to be drawn into an argument about how
he found out about the tablets (the Giovanni had some clue
that something important was coming to town, although
they didn't exactly know when and where, so both they and
the Milliners had agents in likely places. The Milliners were
covering the wharf where Mackler's boat came in). He also.
refuses to leave without either the tablets or a promise that
the characters wll deliver them to the Giovanni. He ispolite
and reasonably friendly at first, bt becomes more stern and
authoritative if the characters argues. He tries to gently steer
the characters into giving him the tablets instead of the
Giovanni, but he isn't obvious about it and doesn't push the
issue if they want todo it themselves.

Alternatively, the Storyteller could have Jason bring the
subject up when he arrives in "The Patriarcas Are Still n the
Building." above. IfJason talks to the characters about it but
they arrive on Hank or Andreas' doorstep later still in
posession of the tablets (and not carrying them in their
arms), then Hank or Andreas makesitclear that they'd better
bring the tablets by that very night. Things should never
reach this point, of course, and the characters are still under
the effects of their Blood Bond to Andreas which should keep.
them (theoretically) loyal to the family.

Teacner's Pet

If the characters brings the tablets straight to Andreas,
then he is extremely pleased with them. He promises them a
reward, and asks them to meet at Hank's office as soon after
sunset as possible in five nights' time. At this time, the
‘Storyteller should run "The Blessing ofthe Animals," below.

‘Nuown Maxam


Ifthe charactersask fora translation, Andreas tells them that
atranslation will ake time, and that perhaps some night they
sight fiend whine dae tablets say.

Ifthe characters brings the tablets to the Milliners then
the Milliners thank them very professionally and take the
tablets straight to the Giovanni. They don't claim to have
found the tablets themselves, but neither do they mention
the characters. At this time, the Storyteller should run
"Office Party," below. Ifthe characters complain to Andreas,
he smiles, shrugs, and says "you're going to have to be faster
on the draw than that. Hopefully this will teach you a good
lesson." Ifthe characters feel cheated, well, they should.

Scene THREE:
TRUCEAND BETRAYAL

Things seem to be effectively stalemating between the
Giovanni and the Patriarcas by this point. Both sides are
doing damage. Both sidesare taking losses. People are dying,
in what iseasily the bloodiest Mafia war ever. Businesses are
being destroyed. The copsare trying their damnedest tostay
cout of it, but the people of Boston demand that they put an
end to the bloodshed: no one feels safe any mote. People
who had crawled their way up out of poverty and into the
middle class are rapidly falling back into poverty as theie
businesses are ruined underneath them. Almost every head-
line the characters see should be about the violence. the
death toll, and the responsibility the cops have to make it
stop. Various analysts predict that neither side can win; if
Teresa Powers is still alive, then she is interviewed for one
such article. She points out that the Giovanni have the
home turf advantage, but acknowledges that the Patriarcas
have been making their mark. She tris to be pro-Giovanni
without being obviously biased (unless the characters has.
mistreated her in some way, in which case she attempts to.
be pro-Patriarca without being obviously biased).
Nonfamily contacts of the characters are also de-
manding that the war end. It's bad for business, and if it
keeps up some of them are going to start moving away
During this time even more of them should refuse to work
with the characters any more: "It's too dangerous to be
involved with the Mafia any more. You used to protect us
— now you get us all killed
‘The Patriarcas have taken great losses, and it isn't even.
ina fight for their own territory. Many of them are becoming
If Micky is still alive then he is positively
despondent; he sends word to his uncle Raymond eaying
that either they come toan arrangement with the Giovanni
‘or pull out of Boston, of within two months they'll all be
dead. Lucio doesn't want to agree with his brother, but he
fs forced toadmit that this isthe truth. IfMicky iedead,
Lucio is still trying to hurt the characters in any way
possible. If anything this is hurting his effort, as he is
concentrating on the characters and leaving himself open

6

on other sides. The characters can take advantage of this by
having other family members cause Lucio problems while
he's busy with the characters. Eventually Raymond Patriarca
sends word to his nephew(s) that it's time to try to reach an.
agreement with the Giovanni.

ASKING FOR A MeerING

Lucio contacts someone in the coterie and asks for a
meeting "to work thishere thing out between us, once and for
all. 'm not much of one for talking, but my uncle tells me i's
an important skill, so let'sdo it." If the Parriarcas have reason
tosuspect the supernatural nature ofthe characters then they
insist on meeting during the daytime, and only relent if
‘meetingat night isthe only way to geta meeting at all. Again
they insist on a fairly public locale, with as few people as
possible. They also demand that whoever arrives must beable
to deal for the Giovanni.

If the characters contact either the Milliners or the
Giovanni, they are put in touch with Andreas and have «
‘meeting with him in a darkened room. The smell of blood is
prevalent, and there are dark stains on Andreas' fingertips.
Anyone inthe characters who is hungry should roll for frenzy;
if someone does frenzy, ghouled guards emerge from the
doorway and subdue the character. Andreas says he's grown
tired of this litte war, even though it has provided its share
of amusement. As he says this he glances back into the
shadows of the room, anda small moan can be heard. Anyone
with Auspex can see that there is a man bound to a table in
the back of the room. He is naked and blood covers most of
his body. There is vey little life left in him; he turns his head
fecbly toward the characters and attempts to call out for help,
but he only manages a quiet gurgling sound. One of the
characters may recognize the man as a Patriarca soldier.

Andreas tells the characters to go ahead and set up the
necting, I's time for them to prove their ability by setting
this thing. He doesn't care if they have to make a couple of
concessions to the Patriarcas in order to get them to behave;
the trusts them to know the limits. He says this last bit wi
predatory smile that indicates if they don't know the lis
they're going to be in a great deal of trouble. Andreas suggests
that if they're worried about being betrayed, they send a
flunky to arrive at the meeting first and tell him to leave again,
five minutes after the start of the mecting, if the funky
doesn't leave then it'sobviously a trap. If Teresa Powers is still
alive then he suggests sending het; afterall, the Patriarcas
{know her, s0 she might even put them at ease iit n't a trap.

Aunhoe then allows any vampire who frencied todnink three
‘lox points from the tortured captive; asthe Kindred drinks, the
captive slides into pained unconsciousness Wa ghoul frenzied,
then Andreas feeds him one blood point from his own wrist.

Tue Meetinc

Jason Milliner finds the characters just before they go
in to meet the Patriarcas (but after they send a flunky in, if

Me Trt Bhooo oF Her Excnes

J Andrea p." he say
I redit to Andreas. I'm sure he'll be
f awe did to'youbs sais ake boas
ine who tries to read his aura however will find
dl for a long me." He looks at th
Jax, Whe up in the
+s his words sink in and leaves. By now the
" ing their trap, believi necting to

a xy
sting the daytis son has already
to the characters. Instead of the cold demeanor of
wever, he barely covers over his fear of the

characters with a poker face. A\

nak

Empathy roll (difficulty 6) will thi

AFTERMATH
The Feds of course take the credit for eiding ti
est Mafia war in New Enel

dd history. The local

more than a little angry, and make a lot of noise about
they would have taken care of it if the F t

their way. The characters might want to try to get their flunk
out of jal; with a little help it can be managed, especial
they did a few favors for DiCarlo earlier in this part of the a
Depending on which flunky they sent in, dl

much for the Feds to pin on her anyway. If the

there to rot, then she might add to the characters' trouble
the next act.

If the characters have already received their rewar
then the Milliners go to Andreas and explain how the
brought down the Patriarcas permanently, when the sof
hearted party would have given the Mafia family p
the Giovanni territory in order to paci f
characters have not yet received their rewan
Milliners allow the characters to take credit for what
happened. Jason will even back up their story ha

just before the fateful meetin

old him theie plan to get r

he met with thes
secretary did)

f the Patriarcas

accepts it with an amused smile.

Nuowe Maan
6

Scene Four:

Opposire NUMBERS,

The Children of Isaac have not been entirely silent
during this time. They lie low, taking their time getting
the lay of the land and finding out whatever they can
about the Giovanni in general and the characters in
particular. They'te quite old after all, and have all the
time in the world.

It takes them a little while to find out that their
package must have heen intercepted; they didn't know:
exactly when it would be arriving. Eventually the
Malkavian Anatole drops by and asks after his ghoul;
when the Children of Isaac inform him that they haven't
heard anything about Mackler, he leaves Reston. Anatole
did tell the Children, however, that Mackler had been
traveling by boat. It isn't difficult for them to find out
from there that the Giovanni observe almost every wa-
terway to Boston. They draw the obvious conclusion
Unfortunately for them, they have no way of knowing
who might have their precious package now. They decide
that two simultaneous st

First, the Children
information as possible on the Giovanni: who is in charge,
who is important in the city and why, where they're
located, and where their interests are. Second, they need
to cause as much trouble for the Giovanni as possible
without causing so much that the Giovanni turn all of
their attention to the Children.

Wuere Tie CHARACTERS CoMeIN

In their investigation of the local Giovanni, the
Children can'thelp but notice the characters, especially as
the coterie was the main force opposing the Patriarcas in
the recent war. The Children have their ghouls check out
the characters, making lists of the establishments the
members of the characters own of share interest in. They
also make note of any flunkies, ghouls and friends the
characters have. They try to ascertain to whom the char-
acters report and how often (in other words, how short
their leashes are). They find out who is Kindred and who
is ghoul by seeing who steps out during the daytime, and
who is capable of eating real food. Ifany of the Kindred in
the characters have herds then the Children make note of
who they are.

Asthisact comes to aclose, the Children begin acting
as well as watching. They set themselves up in opposition
to the characters wherever possible. As the charactersnow
have charge of Domenic's trucking business, the Children
buy into a competing operation. They take over, one by
one, any businesses they have to in order to become the
characters' opposites in every way possible. Just for good
measure, they do a similar thing on a smaller scale to
several other Giovanni and Milliners. For example, one of
the Children buys into (and uses any supernatural abilities

at his disposal to gain influence over) a group of lawyers
who rival Paul DiCarlo. Obviously the Children can't do.
all of this immediately; they spend the intervening time
between the second and third acts of this book accruing
their new purchases.

‘The characters begin to feel some small effects of the
‘Children's influence toward the end of this act. A couple
of things should happen toward the end of the events with
the Patriarcas — their business isn't going quite as well.
Their rivals seem to be doing better than they used to be.
‘Their rivals have more money for advertising than they
used to and are running new ad campaigns; maybe one
tival's nightclub has just been renovated and has all-new
facilities. When someone among the characters (or an
underling) investigates, they are told by their rival that
someone new is running the business, that they're just
hired help now. The former owner of the business appears
nervous, but happy. He ushers the characters' member to
aback room wo meet the new owner (or the new owner's
representative, if it's daytime).

‘The person the character meetsappeats happy tosee her.
"I'm 3 glad you've come," he says. "I wanted you to see my
new facilities. Aren't they handsome?" He offers the charac
tera seat, and refreshments. If the character is Kindred, then
a dazed stock clerk or bartender is brought to her. If the

characteris a ghoul, then espresso and cake are presented to
her. The Child of Isaac insists on waiting until the character
has had her refreshment. "I do hope we can get along." the
‘Child of Isaac tells her. "Afterall, I'm sure we'll be seeing a
great deal of each other in the coming years. I do hope that
there are no hard feelings. It's all business, of course, and
you're on the wrong end of mine. By the way, ifyou have my
package, want it back. Make sure you tell your masters that
Land my companions are here to stay. After all, we like
Boston." The Child of Isaac smilesdisarmingly. Atabout that
time, the drugs in the "refreshments" begin to take effect, and
the characters vision blurs. Within moments she is uncon-
scious on the floor. She awakes a half-hour before sunrise to
find henelf on the wop of a tall building. She can easily get out
of the sunlight before it's too late, but the point has been
‘made. Ifshe'sa ghoul and not Kindred, she finds herself lying
far too close to the edge of the building for comfort.

Ifthe character refuses to partake, then the Child of Isaac
is insulted. "You refuse my hospitality? And I was trying to do
this the easy way. Iso want our stay here to be a happy one."
He motions to the character to leave. "No, L won't talk with
you," he says petulantly. "You won't play by the rules. Just for
that, I'm going to have to make your next few decades very
uncomfortable. I was only going to make them a little
uncomfortable before. But you did have to push me." He
ignores the character until the character finally leaves. Asshe
{s walking out the door, he says "Oh, and I want my package
back. Tell your masters that." Then he lapses back into
silence and refuses to explain himself any further.

‘AciIb Te Bhoco oF Hex Breas

a

‘Scene Five-A: ;
THe Mitiiners
Emprace/Orrice DARTY

‘The characters receive hand-delivered black-engraved
invitations to a"Board Meeting and Office Party" at the Old
‘South Bank, one of the Milliness' beuer-knuwn boklings.
‘The event i to take place two hours after sunset. The ghoul
bearing the invitations tells the characters to be sure to "eat"
before the meeting. When the characters arrive, Hank corrals
them and saysquictly, "vote yes on the first wu, and noon the
last." He then tums and enters the boardroom without
further explanation.

Orricers' STATEMENTS,

The board meeting opens with "officer' statements"
from Francis, Jason and Benjamin Milliner. (Benjamin is
Francis' oldest son.) The rest of the room is filled with
Giovanni, including Andreas and Hank. The statements
include summaries of how they'e doing theie jobs and what
they've accomplished lately, as wel as justifications of how
they can be useful to the family.

Francis is confident and strong-willed. He boldly lists
cither the acquisition of The Aneshexeton and The Khagar's
Diary or the arrest ofthe Patrarcas among his accomplish
ments, smiling slightly at the characters as he does so. (Ifthe
<characterstrytosay anything, Andreas glaresat them.) He lists
the financial institutions he controls and points out all ofthe
financial deals he's brokered for the Giovanni. Ihe loaned aid
tothe charactersin their earlier roubles against the Patrarcas,
then he mentions thisas well. He promises to use his financial
wizardry and is great resources to aid the Giovanni family in
its endeavors. He claims that his money and ability, when
married to the Giovanni's resources, contacts and shadier
endeavors will make the two families unstoppable.

Jason is more subdued than his uncle. He lists a number
‘of deals that he has brokered for his uncle, and any ways in
which he gave aid against the Patriarcas. He gives the names
of several high-society men with wealth whom he has put
into contact with Giovanni who sell drugs and whores.

Benjamin sweats very slightly, and atinge of nervousness
colors his aura. He speaks glibly however, describing the
fsumber of people who are deeply in debt tothe Millincr family
and who could be tapped fr favors. He also reports that one of
his loyal employees has achieved a satin the state congress,
and plans to use that position to affect laws fr the family.

BioopOatns

Andreas next requires that the three Milliners swear an
‘oath of loyalty sealed with blood. "Repeat after me," he says,
reciting one line at a time and waiting for the Milliners to
repeat it. " swear absolute loyalty to the Giovanni family. [
‘endeavor to promote the benefit of the family. Personal
loyalties are secondary to the family. My blood, my flesh, and
my heart belong to the family."

Benjamin hesitates almost imperceptibly on this last
phrase, but he repeats it.

‘Andreas smiles brightly and hands a beautiful old knife co
Francis. The hilt is wrapped in burgundy leather and the blade
is raor-sharp. Francis slices into the flesh of his forearm and
holds it up; Andreas drinks from the wound, which sends the
ok] man into a racked spasm. When Andreas ts done he
motions to Francis to sit in the chair waiting behind hit;
Francis, who is looking a little unsteady on his fet, gratefully
sits. Hisarm is still bleeding. Andreas hands the knife to Jason
and then to Benjamin, repeating the process, who both double
‘over in pain at the Giovanni Kiss. Then, when all three are
sitting in their chairs bleeding, Andreas tums around. "So, it's
time for the vote!" he says with a huge smile. The bleeding
Milliners look shocked, thetr faces growing steadily paler.

‘Andreas holds a vote for Francis, and asks for a show of
hands. Francis passes, and Andreas moves on to Jason. Mean-
while the Milliners are looking more and more confised and
‘worried. Benjamin ts positively terrified. His eyes fall to his arm,
and he feeby triestorise from his chair; hetailsand alls back into
it, his eyes closing. Andreas holds the vote for Jason, and Hank
interrupts him. "Td like a secret ballot," he says on Andreas'
instructions. Andreas pauses or effect.as Jason'seyes widen, then
nods. Squaresofblank paper are passed out with pens Everyboay
scribbles briefly, and the papers are passed forward to Andreas
‘Andreas frowns briefly as he counts the papers, then smiles. "He
passed!" Jason shumps back in his chair in relief. Andreas quickly
carries out the las vote, again asking ora show of hands and this
time Benjamin does not pass. Andreas frowns. "Well," he says,
"Lsuppose it was to be expected, after he pased information on
‘our drug industry off to the police."

None of the Milliners are moving mach at this point.
Blood covers their expensive suits and soaks into the plush
carpet. A spark of rage enters Francis' half-lidded eyes, but he
doesn't have the strength to do anything about it.

‘Andreas approaches Francis. He lifts the man's arm up to
hislipsand drains the last ofhis blood. Francis lies lke a rag doll
inhis chair, his skin paper-white, his eyes dull. Andreas opens
up his own wrist with his fangs, and holds it to Francis' lips.
‘Color gradually returns to Francis' cheeks and he clamps down
‘onto Andreas wrist. Afterasurprisingly brief moment Andreas
peels him off and pushes him back into his seat, blood on the
new vampire's mouth. Andreas then moves to Jason and
repeats the process. Andreas tops in front of Benjamin with a
look of disgust on his face. He then pulls the man up as though
he were made of straw, and drops him on his family-members'
laps. In a frenzy of hunger, Francis and Jason rip into their
relative, draining him of the rest of his blood.

TueParty

The crowd drifts into the next room as people seat to
‘chat. Decorations are strewn about the room; a brightly
painted sign says "Congratulations!" Glass punchbowls filled
with blood sit on long tables covered in white tablecloths. A

‘Nowa Maama


in jazz band plays in one comer of the room; a Kindred
the characters recognizes as a distant Giovanni cousin re-
‘marks that he "discovered" them at a nightclub he owns and
promptly ghouled them.

Francis and Jason disappear for a short while, and come
tack cleaned up and wearing new suits. They look unsettled,
but they're flushed with the newness of vitae and the uneasi
ness passes quickly. The rest of the evening passes in a gay
haze of welcome and happiness.

Scene Five-B:

THe CHARACTERS.

Seconp EMBRACE

THe BLESSING OF THE ANIMALS,

Before running this scene, the Storyteller should choose
‘one ghoul who has particularly pleased the Giovanni so far
thisact (ordispleased them the least) to receive the Embrace.

The characters presumably arrives at Hank's office very
soon after sunset, as Andreas requested. They are made to
wait there for an hour while Hank doodles on an office pad.
Eventually the phone rings. Anyone with Auspex might hear
someone on the other end of the line say "It's time." Hank
says "right," nods to no one in particular, and hangs up. He
stands and motions for the characters to follow him.

A large limousine waits outside, and the characters are
motioned into it. Ghouls are offered alcoholic drinks from
the limo's wet bar. Hank gently pushes the drinks on the
party, and unless someone is abstaining they all find them-
selves growing a little tipsy over the hour-long ride.

The limo pulls up in front of a small chapel in the sleepy
suburbs. Ifthe characters ask where they are, Hank just snorts
and says "In the middle of nowhere." The chapel is of white
painted wood, with simple yet beautiful stained-glass windows.
Hand-painted paper taped over a wooden sign reads, "An.
nual Blessing of the Animals TODAY, 9 A.M. to 5 P.M."

Hankushers the characters into the chapel. Andreas and
ahandful of Giovanni ghouls wait inside near the altar. One
shoul holds the leash of a large black dog. A priest stands next
to the altar; he is shaking slightly and his eyes dart back and
forth between the suited men with guns. His black robe has
ca and shoulder, as well asbalf of his
pale chest, have been exposed. On the altar has been tied,
spread-eagle, a young man (or woman — whatever sex the

soon-to-be-Kindred prefers), naked and gagged. His eyes are

wide and he stn

been tom and his right

Hank motions the rest of the characters to the side, and

pushes the woman whos to be Embraced forward. He presses
gently down on her shoulders until she kneels in front of the
priest. The priest looks to Andreas, who nods. The priest
hesitates, but moves forward to the character when one of the
ghouls places his hand on his gun. The priest's voice shakes
asmuchashe does, and his voice cracksonce every few words.

AcrIk Te Brooo or Hu Benes
@


The priest puts hish
‘God help me
remains silent

nds lightly on the character's head.
he whispers. Andreas raises an eyebrow, but
"God bless this animal and keep her safe
throughout the coming year. May he grant her health and
1s, lookingat Andreas.
Andreas smiles at the priest, nodding. Finally, exasperated,
Andreas whispers "Say it!"

happiness, and..." Here the priesthe

And the blood of her enemies." The priest rushes
through this last bit, grimacing as he says it.

Andreas steps forward. but stops when a gray cat unex.
pectedly jumps on top of the "sacrifice" spread out across the
altar. Andreas' eyebrows go up, and the cat stretches, yawn
ing. She reaches out with her claws and kneads them in the
man's stomach. purring contentedly. The priest lets out
startled yelp and reaches for the cat, but one of the gh
grabs him and throws him to the floor. Andreas laughs, walks
over tothe altarand picks up the cat, scratching her under the
chin for a brief moment before she struggles out of his hold,
jumps to the floor and runs away. The man on the altar can
be heard screaming through his gag

Andreas raises the ghoul to her feet with a touch on her
shoulder and walks her forward to the altar. "Lick up the
blood." The man is struggling now with all of his strength, to
noavail. Andreas gives the ghoul a few moments to enjoy the
blood. If the ghoul feels inclined to play with the sacrifice
Andreas gives her even longer, enjoying the show. Before the

pul gets to her feet however, Andreas bites hard into her
neck, draining her of blood.

‘Andreas sucks the ghou!'s blood out over the altar. By
now the priest is wailing quietly in a h
‘Andreas drops the ghoul on top of the sacrifice, one of his
shouls pulls out a gun and shoots the priest. Andreas bites his
wrist open and feeds the ghou! a single blood point, then pulls
her offof the altaranda rowsher atthe dog. He smiles,
as the new Kindred devours the dog, which whines as its
‘blood is drained from its body.

Once the vampire has eased her hunger, Andreas leads
herby the hand to the altar. "This is my birthday gift to you,
he says. "On one condition. Make ita good show." He sm

cruelly and hacks away. The character nything she

1p on the

likes to the captive; the more cruel she is, the mote approving

Andreas is. Ifthe ch thing bart
such as let the man go, Andreas sighs and says, "I do hope

I reconsider" If the character insists, Andreas kills the

acter chooses to do s

sacrifice himself and stalks out of the chapel, where he waits
for the characters by the ca.

THe Gareny

After the Embrace, Andreas takes
to the Forgotten Worlds Gallery (see the
There he explains about Antonic
as he languidly walks through a displ int

1e characters off
Appendix).
nd Domenic Giovanni,

YRVUAD


ings. As the characters learn about their new duties, they
gradually realize that the elegant paintings of classical
subject matter aren't quite right. Cherubs have claws.
‘Angels' feet are bathed in blood, and their eyes speak of
madness. Andreas finishes off by describing the gallery,
and the characters' responsibilities with respect to it. He
‘tells them that their first assignment is to arrange a small
party (for about 20 people) in four nights' time, to cel-
ebrate their good fortune. The characters wll need to race
around to have everything dealt with in time; staff needs
to be notified, catering needs to be arranged for those
ghouls who will be in attendance, and vessels need to be
found for those Kindred who will wish them.

‘The party itself is an elegant affair. Antonio and
Domenic are in attendance, although they are forced to
stand by the door, as though they were common bodyguards,
and watch. Andreas delights in praising and honoring their
successorsin front of them, and smiles whenever he can tell
bby Domenic's face that he's gotten a rise out of him.
Eventually Domenic frenties, and his own father takes him
down with help from Hank (Antonio does it to save
Domenic' life, but Domenic will never forgive him for i.
les after this party that Antonio offers Domenic the Em-
brace; see Dramatis Personae for more details). After that
‘excitement, the party breaks up. The characters may get the

distinct impression that the party wasn't really for their
benefit; they wouldn't be incorrect. Andreas cared far more
about humiliating the fallen sheep than about lauding his
new childe.

Possm_e Downtime Diots

The Children of Isaac are playing a game with the
characters, and almost anything could come of it. The
elders are old and jaded, and should be more than a little

strange around the edges by now. The Children are
enjoying the game too much to simply kill off their prey

—afterall, entertainment is hard to come by at their age
But they might go to great lengths to make the charac-
ters' lives difficult. The Children's slow rise to power in
Boston in opposition of the characters could make for
some interesting adventures, as the characters struggles
to hold onto both their ill-gotten and hard-earned gains.
‘The characters might find that the mote "entertain-
ment" they provide for the Children, the more power
they manage to hold onto.

Ifthe charactersisinterested in getting theit lunky out
of prison, then this too could be played through. The
characters may have to, with Paul DiCarlo's help, figure out
exactly who needs to be bribed or blackmailed, and how it
should be done.

‘Ack Tit Bhoco oF Hen Braves

ui


ner trust in the Lond. Your ass belongs to me

‘Warden Samuct Norton, The Shashank Redemp

A note to the Storyteller: Several sections in this c

ter involve only part of the coterie, be it the characters w

are still ghouls, of the character who is unlucky enough to be

captured by the Inquisition. You will want your

sesion accordingly, in 0
and waiting their turns.

Act ll occurs in 1972, after the fall of Romantic LaCasa
Nosera and right between the indulgence of the late '60s and
the greed of the "80s. The result, of course, isthe drug-addled,

disco-plagued abyss of the "70s.

Scene One: THe DorteNt

n the night before the ghoul

This scene takes plac

d (ste below). The entire
1. Thetoned

‘no Humanity checks,

ups should

betogetherat scene should be carefree

consequences, no hint of

rival gangs or delinquent de ately, thing

going very well. The Giowat

joyously embracing the publi

fighting circuit's business died off a bit during the
1940s and '50s, bur picked up aga

the fight, and then to either tak

smoke pot afterward to calm down,

The
Dive. The

young punk

Giovanni

local gangs disrupe the place

market" s
ab

Occasion
public (Ki

The

market for dr

users. Not

f this fight is a disc

‘oming in and trashing the place
ped in. Now, neither the
The High [

High

round for Kind
ables

be found hunting here include Pug. Jack

dred included), and most

music. The characte

bar, miny
fight look:

a very lange Mexican man, we
isshorter,lean,and dr

The odd
Mexica
TF Fa

B

ling, taking ¢

re off under flashiny

can be any

ate of bu

3s though it will be very one

Theoth

Mike, the

ably placed in fa

b


1, however, thete is a sizable
ved on Mike. It seems that the
1 than usual at these fights, espe-
rs. Ifthe characters have occasionally
combatant a point of vitae to bulk
hey may understand this. If not,
bit of a mystery, pethaps leading
sterwous elders are slipping their
ips in an attempt to bond them. They
indreas does this occasionally just to see
have, He hasn't told the characters
about ot because he is interested as much in their reactions
as the 's
Tonught, however, betting with the oddsis safer. Guerrero
demolishes Mike mn less than a minute. The young man flies
backward into the crowd, spewing blood and teeth from his
shattered face. One of the characters notices a man of about
40 standing near him, and recalls that he bet a large sum of
money on Mike. The man crouches down and takes Mike's
ppube, finds nothing, and stands, shaking his head. He gri-
‘macesat the characterand says, "Deus vue" He then disappears

nto the crowd,

cally an the bast few y
been slipps
them before

any character speaks Latin, or asks someone who does,
the finds that deus vule translates to "God wills it." The fact
that thisis the rallying ery of the Inquisition will most likely
‘ecape the troupe at thispoint, since noteven Andreas knows
that. The phtase itself might be enough to worry paranoid
characters, but the man will be long gone.

The man is an Inquisitor whose primary function is
investigation. If the characters ask around, they find he did
‘not order adrink or any other chemical refreshments, and no
‘one present can identify him. A conversation with a watch-
‘ng wraith determines only that his aura shone gold. This
tidbit, if the characters mention t to Andreas, will worry him.
He is, however, unreachable until tomorrow night, by which
‘ume the proverbial hammer will have already fallen.

Scene Two: THe ARREST

This scene takes place the following day at 10A.M. The
FBI arrests any of the players' characters it can find, The
Storyteller should consider very carefully where the charac-

terssleep and where they went from the fight last night. The
Feds knock on the door loudly, saying dat they have a

warrant for the character(s) in residence. Ghouls will awake
right away, and may decide to run for i. This is a bad ide
they have just added resisting arrest to the charges against
them if they do so. The Feds have them surruunded, and will
warn and then shoot them if they run. A ghouT's best bet i to
surrender quietly and stand on his right to remain silent.

‘A vampire is in an entirely different situation. Ifthe
FDI agen that trailed the character home last night (see
sidebar) saw her enter a building and not leave, they have
«search warrant and will use it regardless of who tries to
stop them. Ifa guardian ghoul gets violent, they will subdue

iT Mae rence §
how the FBI got same of its,m
ll of the these

and arrest said ghoul. They may even have a warrant for the
ghouls arrest as well, infact, at the Storyteller' discretion,
A Kindred character may come up with several different
ploys to avoid detection and arrest, including Obfuscate,
Dominate, Presence, use of wraithly allies, etc. However,
keep in mind that for a vampire to function during the day,
the player must succeed on a Humanity roll (difficulty 8)
cach tum, and even then, the character's maximum dice
pool is her Humanity.

AXKindred character who fails tostave off the Feds and
ison the verge of being dragged out into the sun may either
play along or begin a standoff. Play either option up as long
as the tension last At he last moment, a deep voice says,
"Stop. I'll take it from here." Entering the scene is Special
Agent Terrence Monk of the FBI, the ranking officer of
this operation.

Monk is of medium height and ts built like a runner.
He has thinning brown hair and looks about 35 years
old. He reacts to his surroundings calmly, but by no
means slowly.

Nuova Maar


Monk instructs the other agents to leave, and then intro-
duces himself to the Kindred. He stays very briefly, and does
notallow any questions. His words seem reheaned, and during
hislite spiel his eyes unfocus, as though the words ae not his
(which they aren't)" know what you are," he says, "and we
have met before. [fany harm comes to this messenger, you will
know no peace, for you will have violated the Promise. Your
‘empire will fall, and the fll begins now. Your only chance to
avoid exposure in the mortal world and utter failure in our
‘world isto return what youhave stolen to thei rightful owners,
and to give complete and truthful testimony regarding your
family. The choice is yours." Monk then leaves. Ifthe character
tries to stop him, he ignores her. When he gets outside, he
informs the other agents to "let this one go."

This scene ends when each character has had her own
separate run-in with the FBI, and i either in custody, on the
run, or once again (if somewhat fitfully) asleep for the day.

‘Scene Trince: THe INTERROGATION

This scene applies only to ghoul characters. The agents
take them not toa precinct, but toa "safe house" on the edge
‘of town. The characters recognize the place as the "Mafia
sraveyard" where they may have unearthed bodies in Act I.

The years have changed the area little. I isstill desolate,
and as the charactersare marched at gunpoint past the "burial
sound," they notice that the earth is disturbed, as though
someone was buried — exhumed — recently.

‘The "safe house" was abandoned and boarded up until a
few weeks ago. Monk distrusts the local police, and wanted
his own headquarters for the investigation. The FBI kindly
save him the funds to purchase the old house and refurbish it
toapoint. As the characters enter, they find the living room
contains four card tables, all cluttered with newspapers, bank.
documents, photographs and handwritten notes. The ghouls
are ushered through this room quickly, but may have time to
see their names on some of the papers.

The ghouls are led downstairs to the basement. This
room has not been renovated to any degree, or even cleaned,
by the look of it. The agents sit the characters down in and
handcuff them to some very sturdy wooden chairs. Then they
leave them, turning out the lights as they go.

‘A dark basement should hardly frighten the ghouls. If
they chat (as Monk is hoping they will), have any player
whose character has Auspex roll Perception + Alertness
(difficulty 8). If the roll scores two or more successes, the
character hears a reverberation to his voice. as though it is
being played through an amplifier. Hopefully, the character
realizes they are being tape-recorded, and shuts up. If not,
anything they say "can and will be used against them in
court of law." (It might be wise to record any conversation,
here, or at least take good note of anything that would aid the
‘case against the ghouls later).

Monk arrives shortly after the ghouls are taken into
‘eustody. He lets them sit in the hasement and talk if they

hhaven't figured out what amistake tis todoso, When they've
finished, oifthey don't talk about anything useful, he comes
downstairs and turns some bright lights in their faces.

Terrence Monk isa superb interrogator. He knows when
to lean a little harder, when to bangain and when to quit. He
sits in front of the characters, siting them wpa hit He then
picks up legal pad and reads off the characters' legal names,
if they have them. If not, he reads theit aliases and asks theit
real names. Regardless of any response, he goes on to list the
charges against the characters.

‘At this point, the Storyteller must gauge what the
characters could have been observed doing. It is known,

narcotics and prostitution, and amociate with "reputed"
mobsters. Consider where the characters have been and what
they've done lately. They might also be indictable on charges
oflarceny, murder, assault, carrying concealed weapons (haw:

ing a permit is one thing: having one to conceal a gun is
another), contributing to the delinquency of a minor, ete

Monk will not play every card he has at this point; while he
knows there are people who will tum evidence against the
characters, he tries to get them to confess. What he really
wants is the man who runs the show, a man his sources say is
named Andreas. He will not ask the characters who Andreas
is, however. He tries to get them to say that they were under
‘orders, or that they report to.a boss. He asks something like,
"So, what else does Andreas have you do?" He says this,
‘casually looking at his legal pad. Ifthe charactersanswer, they
are in effect admitting they know who Andteas is. At this
point, Monk's tone changes. He has been very professional
and detached up until now, and has taken a very brisk air to
questioning. Any question the characters seem reluctant to
answer he brushes off. Now, however, he sits forward and
looks at the assembled characters pointedly. "And what ele
‘ean you tell me," he asks, "about Andreas" The characters
should realize they have made a bad mistake.

Monk has information on crimes that predate his own
birth. The disappearance of Grace Michaels, ifshe died
Act I, is one possibility. The deaths of Timothy Kennedy,
Edward Neary, the theft of the whiskey shipment (also
from Act |) and "conspiracy to the theft of property of a
Me. John Mackler" arc others. If the characters have not
aged since 1929, Monk does not mention anything from
this long ago, since there is no way he could make the
charges stick. If, however, the characters look as though
they could have perpetrated these crimes, Monk ques
them on these events

More recent crimes include the heist of Eric Mobley's
furs (and/or his murder), possible charges of extort

ings anal eopeeially the gang war with the Patrtarcas.

wely hot news, and

many of the true victims — those who have lost friends and
family tothe battles —are still alive and able to testify. Monk

mions names, he only says that he doesn't really


need a confession — it would just make things go more
smoothly. The characters will probably refuse to confess
anything and eventually Monk takes them to the police
precinct, books them, and allows them theie phone calls

The interrogation scene can go as long asthe players let
it. Youmay wish togivea character with the Law Knowledge
a chance to avoid all this (Intelligence + Law, difficulty 5).
The ghouls do, infact, have the right to remain silent, and if,
they stand on this right, Monk remands them into police
custody more quickly. In any case, bail is set at $50,000
apiece. The characters might be able to pay that much under
normal circumstances. However, they have been arrested
under the RICO Act, which allows the FBI to freeze their
assets. The family will pay their bai and supply a lawyer, but
after that will instruct them tokeep their distance from family
affairs until this situation is defused (see sidebar).

The Kindred characters may be able to pay the ghouls'
bail. There are several things to bear in mind once the
characters are free, however. They are being followed and
watched at al times, not only by wraiths, bu also by the FBI
Monk reportsanything he finds back to the Children of Isaac.

‘The ghoul charactersare scheduled to be arraigned in a week,
which gives them some time to investigate the charges
against them and meet with their lawyer.

‘Their lawyer is a mob attomey, but not a local one
Andrew Douglas Halloway is not Italian (to offset a bad
reaction from the jury) and nota ghoul (tooffet one from the
‘Camarilla). Halloway bails from Chicago, and to this point
never defended anyone really important. He has a friendly
but professional manner, and immediately asks the charac-
ters to ell him their sides ofthe story. He informs them that
no matter what they say ("Some of this happened over ten
Yearsago— how could they expect youto remember it all"),
they all have to be consistent. He also shows them the list of
witnesses against them.

The Storyteller must now decide who is going to
testify against the Giovanni. Refer back to the previous
two chapters. Recall any instance in which the characters
did something illegal out in public. Who might still be
alive? A man who was 13 years old in 1929 would now be
56, but would definitely remember that heydays of Prohi-
bition — and might have seen the characters around
Likewise, business partners — and former business part-
ners — who were mistreated, caught in the crossfire,
‘endangered or impoverished in Act Il would certainly take
the stand against the characters. You will need to create
names and personas for these people, as theit exact iden-
tities will vary based on what the characters became
involved in (however, don't get too detailed yet; these
witnesses may never testify. See below).

One name should shock the characters, however. Teresa
Powers, who attained her degree some years ago, plans to
testify at the tral, assuming she has not been Embraced ot
bound to the family. She isnot thereto give testimony about
any specific people (she told her interviewees back in 1959.
that their conversations would be confidential, and she
‘meant it). She isthere to help identify apattem of crime that
‘would enable a conviction under RICO — in effect, to give
expert testimony. This allows the defense to.come up with its
‘own expert witness to rebut her testimony.

‘The case against the characters is faitly daunting. The
FBthas fingerprints, photographs, recordings, and other such
evidence to indicate the characters' direct involvement in.
<drug traffic and the fighting circuit. There is no evidence for
‘murder (none that would stand up in court, anyway), how.
‘ever, but Halloway's sources suggest thatthe FBI is sll trying
to find it. Clever characters may realize that the statute of
limitations has long expired on several of these crimes — but
that the crimes are individually less important than the
conviction they face under RICO implications.

The characters' homes have been searched, x0 anything
they keep there, including weapons, money ot drug stashes,
diaries, of Nectomantic paraphernalia, is now in police
‘custody. The ghoul characters should feel as though the game


Scene Four: Wircu-H. servants would have gone on to their final reward had the

As was mentioned eatlie

Only God'
8. So, while Hi
the rest of the In

rectly, the Society has
ailing the FBI. The is very discrete; they
they Il rank if exposed. They have

the Kind

ong many |
as there seems to be an entire

1

‘once during the course of the night, separately. If the
Inquisitors see that they have been "made," they fall back
and do nothing more tonight. If none of the characters
notice, of if a character notices but is alone or decides not
to tell the others, the scene proceeds as detailed below.

Te Artack

‘The Society plans to force confession out of one charac-
ter,and then use the information to capeure the others. Ifthe
hunters have managed to stay hidden, they choose one
character and follow her. Ifthe characters stay in a group to
sleep, the Society simply watches to see ifanyone staysawake
cr leaves during the day. If so, the kidnap the ghoul and
interrogate him. Thisdoesnot apply to ghouls who have been
arrested, however.

‘An isolated character is trailed back to her home. Ide-
ally,thisshould be the same character that Marianna contacted
in Act IL. As she walks to her door, you may allow her player
an Auspex roll, if she possesses the Discipline, to detect the
‘incoming attack. Ifso, the character might be able to dodge
by throwing herself tothe ground. Ifnot, the characteris shot
from a nearby rooftop or tree by an Inquisition sniper.

Make the sniper's attack roll as usual. He has seven dice
imhis pool, and will take a urn to aim. The rifle does a base
eight dice of damage, plusany damage for extra successes. The
character may soak, but of course has no time to raise her
‘Stamina with blood or otherwise react. The attack may very
well stun her. At this point, the other Inguisitors move in,

Five attackers participate in the operation. The sniper
takes no action for eight turns; he needs to get down first. The
Inquisitors attempt to grapple the vampire and stake her. Of
the six hunters present, three have Truc Faith; the leader has
«rating of 4 and two others have ratings of 1. The leader
recites Scripture while helping to grapple the character,
repeating the verse "Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me
clean" (Matthew 8:2). The player must make a Willpower
roll each tur (difficulty 7) to attempe to get up, if she fails,
the priest' faith keeps her down.

Each hunter has a Strength rating of 3, and one concen
trates on each of the Kindred's limbs. Meanwhile, the leader
Positions stake over the Kindred's heart and pounds ithome
with a mallet

Ifthe character makes a good fight, she might actually
escape. In this case, a car containing Father Carlos and
Mary (see below) pulls up as she runs away, and they
motion for her to get in. It is much more likely, however,
that the character will be subdued. As the stake is pounded
home, the priest continues to chant his mantra, and the
character's mind is filled with memories of people who
have died beneath her fangs or at the end of a gun. Then,
all she can sce and hear isa queer, murky darkness through
which deep voices rumble.

‘When the character wakes up, she is in a living room.
‘She has been chained to the wall and curtains and towels

cover the wall facing her. The glow from behind the
curtains is enough to indicate what will happen should she
try to excope.

Itis daytime, and each turn the character must fight ro
stay awake. The difficulty todo sois only six, however, due to
stress and fear. When the character awakens, she is alone. If
she possesses Arwen, sie cart hear strains of conversations
from the next room. The hunters are discussing the capeure
and making plans for capturing the rest. If she managed to
‘wound any of the hunters, she hears thet cries of pain and a
slow mumbling, ix Latin, and then silence. Then, steady
footsteps approach the door. The feet stop, and the vampire
hears a man say, "Inform Brother William of the capeure. Ul
begin the interrogation." The door opens.

"The man who steps into the room seems immaculately
clean. He has tiff, white hair, which is brushed back tightly
and tied into a ponytail. He wear a priests outfit, and there
isalarge, wooden crucifix around his neck. He caries black
‘case, much like a doctor's bag, but larger. He sets it on the
floor where it lands with a metalic thud. This is Father James
Petri, a Jesuit priest and dedicated vampire killer.

Petri is aptly named. He does not smile, does not
‘comment as he looks the character over. He looks at her
ces without fear, and indeed is immune to both Dominate
and Presence through his Faith. After looking the vampire
over a bit, he turns and opens his bag, removing a set of
knives in a leather folio and a miniature blowtorch. He
ignites the torch and holds it against a six-inch knife,
hhumeing calmly all che while. Ifthe character asks him
anything or screams for help, he starts, as though just
noticing the vampire. "Oh," he says. "You see, when purify-
inga cadaver such as this through pain, using fire or sunlight
directly is ill advised. Satan seems eager to claim them, and
fire often ignites and consumes them before proper confes-
sion can be given. By heating the knife, however, one can
extract nearly anything one needs to know. The good news
is, these monsters don't bleed, so we shan't be making a mess
of the room, hme?"

‘The character might well worry, as there doesn't seem to
be anyone else in the room. There is, however. Standing in
the comer sa boy of about 15. He is tall for his age, and quite
thin. He hasdark brown hai, which iscut short — strange for
the times. He has dark green eyes, rather like a cats Ifthe
player states that her character is carefully searching the
room, allowa Perception + Alertness roll (dfficulty9, double
Perception dice if Auspex I is used). If the player succeeds,
the character sees the boy, and is filled with an inexplicable
terror of him. The boy seems unassuming enough, but his very
presence makesthe character quake. A moment after she sees
him, the boy from view, as though using the
Obicate Decne In fasrbe nivahe ecole
toa peculiar side-effect of his Faith.

‘The Kindred has other problems at the moment, how
‘ever. Father Petrfinishes heating the knife, andsteps forward.

‘Nowa Maa


"A.vampite'schosen path," he says, "istolie. We therefore do
not bother with questions in the beginning." He then leans
foewaed and slices the character' use i all.

The blade burns like fie and the character immediately
loses one health level; this damage is lethal (not aggra-
vated), but is difficult co heal (the player must succeed in a
‘Stamina + Fortitude roll, difficulty 6, each time she wishes
to heal such damage). The pain, however, is excruciating,
and the character cries out unless the player spends a
Willpower point. The priest seems to take offense at this,
and sternly retorts, "Cry out rather for your many victims, or
for your own soul, not for your dead flesh." He then proceeds
tocut the characters face seven times. When he is finished,
the character's ipsare both cut in half, her eyelids are gone,
she has holes in both cheeks, and long slices are slit down.
both of her ears. Al ofthis results in another health level
and a check for frenzy. Frenzy will do little good, of course;
the character is bound securely, though the Beast may well
leave a derangement to mark its passing. As the vampire
strains against her shackles — or begs for mercy — Petri
begins heating a longer knife,

‘The torture continues, Petri making longer and longer
cuts im the character's flesh. Each turn (a tum here lasts
much longer than three seconds — as much as several
minutes) have the player make a Willpower roll, and
‘oppose this with Father Petri's Manipulation + Interroga-
tion dice pool (8 dice). The player's difficulty is (10 - her
Courage rating), while Petti'sisthe character's Permanent
Willpower rating. For every success by which Petris roll
exceeds the character's, the character loses one temporary
‘Willpower point. If the rolls are even, ot if the character
wins, she loses no Willpower. However, she does take
health level of lethal damage every other turn. If the
character runs out of health levels (or blood points) before
she runs out of Willpower, she slumps into torpor. Proceed
with "Confession," below.

If the character runs out of Willpower first, she breaks
down and will answer any questions Petri asks. Petri begins
questioning the character, and wishes to know the following:

* How long has the character been a vampire?

‘© What is the character's true name?

¢ Whaare the character's friends/broodmates, and where
do they lodge?

‘* Who damned the character (by this he means the
character's sire)!

+ Where i this vampice now?

‘+ How many innocent Christians has the character
murdered for their blood?

‘+ Would the character like to confess her sins before
God before meeting the sunlight?

If the character does wish confession, Petri informs het
that her confessor will be in shortly and leaves. He has no
wish to hear the confession of a compse.

‘Scene Five: Conression

‘The character soon lapses into slumber and does not
‘awaken agais until after sundown. She regains one point of
Willpower for sleeping, ifshe confessed. Ifnot, she is beought
‘out of torpor by the sudden rush of potent blood. She is fed
three blood points, and the source vanishes from het lips

‘Standing in front of her ts an old priest. His face is
covered with wrinkles that are equal parts age and worry. He
is completely bald and his back is slightly hunched. He
whispers in Italian to the character. Ifthe character does not
understand, he switches to English, but stays very quict.

Heexplains hate, unlike Father Petri, does not believe
thatall vampiresare redeemable. Hisname is Father Carlos,
and he has come to hear the character's confession. If she
‘confesses her sins and is truly repentant, he says, the Lord
might well see fit to save her.

‘This is truer than the character knows. Martanna, the
rogue Giovanni whom the clan has hunted for more than 500
years, stands Obfuscated against the wall. She is taking avery
big risk by coming here, but she feels thatthe young charac-
ters might just be her way to revenge and final rest.

If the character confesses honestly, allow the player to
make a Conscience roll (difficulty 8). Ifthe player scores two
successes or more, her character gains a point of Humanity,


and all the responsibilities this entails. Wound penalties do.
not apply to this roll

1 the character lies, have the player roll Manipulation +
‘Subterfuge (difficulty 7). Three successes on this rol are neces-
sary to convince both Carlos and Marianna that the confession
issincere. Wound penalties definitely apply to this rol

In either of the above instances, Carlos frees the char-
sacter,and Marianna poursasheson the floor to make it seem
as though the character has been burnt. The trio then
proceeds quietly out the building. Go to "Rescue," below. If
the character refuses to confess of fails to convince them,
Marianna steps forward and asks, "Pethaps you'd like to
know what your ‘family' has done through the years At
this moment, however, a door opens in the next room.
"Damn," she says, "we can't let them kill you yet." She
‘empties a bag of ashes on the floor, and nods to Carlos, who.
‘opens the shackles. If the character tries to run or attack
them, Marianna uses her Caul the Living Mind ritual (see
Dramatis Personae) to immobilize her. She then uses the
Level Four Ash Path power Ex Nihilo to step into the
‘Shadowlands, dragging the character with her.

‘Scene Spc: Rescue

It may have already occurred to the character that ifthe
Inquisition captured her, they may be hot on the trail of her

cohorts. This is especially true if she broke down under
torture and confessed the other character' routines, havens,
te. to Father Petr.

Father Carlos knows the Inquisition's plans. The hunt-
crvare going to attack another member ofthe coterie, but not
bother with capture thistime. While neitherhenor Marianna
nevesmily objecm wo the destruction of Kindred (and
Giovanni in particular), they have their reasons for wanting
this group of Kindred alive, at least for the time being
(namely, Father Carlos feels they should get a chance for
redemption, and Marianna merely wants the cablets).

Ifthe capeured character revealed nothing to the Inqui-
sition, she must only reach the other characters and warm
them; there will be no attack tonight

It the captured character did spill her guts about the
others, the Society probably knows some of the group's
havens. However, the character can only confess to the best
ofherknowledge, so if the other charactersare wing different
or secret havens, the Society will be knocking at the wrong
door. Ifa true confession was given, the Society will attack
the character of which the confessor painted the worst
picture. The confessor must now guess which character the
‘Society plans to attack; if she guesses wrong, at least she can
recruit the other characters for help.

The hunters will begin the attack from a distance.
‘There are eight hunters, plus the teenaged boy who was


present before. Statistics for the hunters are given in
the sidebar.

(On the first turn, the four hunters armed with rifles and
shotguns fire at the characters' legs. This is intended to
cripple ghouls and wound Kindred. The Kindred get no.
‘warning from wraiths about the attack, and their initiat
dificulty is increased to seven due to surprise.

All of the hunters are under whatever cover is avail-
able. The hunters assume that anyone who does not lie on
the ground and scream in pain is a vampire, and therefore
delay their next actions. Ifa character rushes at them, the
hhunters with stakes step forward and attempt to stop the
character using their faith. The hunters with rifles then
shoot the hapless Kindred.

‘The hunters' basic strategy isto stake and then burn any
Kindred they can. They will not try tokill ghouls, bu will if
‘no option remains.

Father Carlos, Marianna and the recently rescued char-
actercan arive at any time you fel isdramatically appropriate
Father Carlos cannot interfere with an auto da, as doing so
‘would mark hie a traitor. He waits in the car. Marianna has
nodesiretokill Inquisitors, and sowill immobilize them using
‘Dominate or Caul the Living Mind. Her focus, however, is
setting the characters out of danger.

The fight isreally over when the cavalry arrives. Fel free
to give the Inquisition some parting shots as the characters
‘escape, but they probably won't succeed in killing any of the
Kindred. As the characters excape, Sullivan, the boy, steps
from the shadows and stares at the characters. He points at
Marianna, and whispers "For where a testament i, there must
also of necessity be the death of the testator" (Hebrews 9:16).
She only nods, and the Kindred beat a hasty retreat

Scene Seven: History

Father Carlos drives the characters to any destination
they choose. Marianna then tells them the truth behind the
tapestry, which may seem shockingly out of place, given the
characters' situation mere seconds ago. In truth, Marianna
doesn't care about the characters — they merely serve her
purpose for the moment.

"In April of 1444," she:

ys, "Land 12 other people were
invited to the home of Claudius Giovanni, a wealthy mer-
chant. Some of us wete nobles, some, like myself, only

‘commoners. It was strange; | always thought the nobility
lived with grace and class, and a vibrant life. Afterall, they
had all they wanted and never dirtied their hands — why
shouldn't they be closer to God forall that? But these people,
Claudius' other guests, were not godly people.

"Til spare youall the details. In short, we thought we there
tohave dinner and he received by thew fine folk. Indead, we
‘were to be dinner. They were all Kindred, each of « different
clan, and as we sit around the table, with iron collars and taps
in our throats, dying slowly, with those monsters laughing like
deunk lord" she breaks off here, hee voice cracking.

"They were attacked. And rather than face their en:
emis, they Embraced us, and left us to die at the hands of
‘other vampires. Some of us did. But some of us survived that
night, and have been a thorn in your clan's side ever since.
‘The Children of lac, we were called.

"1 know some of us are in Boston, but I haven't spoken
to the others. They want the tablets back. What ele they
want, I don't know. But they know you. You have gained the
notice of those in high places," she says with a nasty smile
"Prepare for interesting times.

"1 cannot help you. I have devoted my unlife — or
‘whatever you want to cal this — to destroying your clan, and
tobelieve thatitspawnsanything but monsters would be naive
‘of me. I can only offer you a chance to do God's will the richt
thing, a good deed, whatever you wish to call it. Return the
tablets to the Children of Isaac. All| can offer you is the
possibility that if you donot, Hell may come to earth. C
it another way, what if Andreas Giovanni were made

‘With that, she leaves. Father Catlos will offer the charac
tersconfession. asked hisside of al ofthis, he simply answers,
"Ihelieve the soul tobe everlasting and always good, regardless
oftheone who bearit. Lalo believe that, faperson ischanged
intoa beast, it tsa beast with a human soul, not a soul devoured
by abeast [believe in hope, even for you"

‘The character may question Mariannaon some subjects (the
identity andjor affiliation of the other Children of kaac, for
‘example). She tells the truth before she leaves, reasoning that
what ltl information she can provide will ake litle diflrence

‘The characters must make some tough choices here
They may inform Andreas of all this, try to meet with the
Children of Isaac, attack and try to capture Marianna (which
would be unwise), or simply wait. The night, however, is
drawing to a close, and the next day begins new troubles for
their compatriots.

Scene Grout: THe Triat —Day One

The actual proceedings ofa trial are long, drawn-out,
‘complicated and vary greatly from state to state. This being
the case, several liberties are being taken with the American
legal system for the sake of playability (it happens often
enough for less noble reasons, after all). The character's trial
willbe held much sooner than usual; commonly, there wil be
months between the arrest and the actual tial. The charac
ters may well suspect that some unknown hand i pushing
their trial date up. They are correct — the hand belongs to
Andreas, using his influence in the one way he can.

The characters are arraigned on the charges given in
Scene Three. They face indictment on several felonies,
which may or may not include murder. Before going to court,
Halloway discusses hisstrategy with them. He instructs them
oanswerquestionsas truthfully asthey can, without inti
nating themselves. This means staying calm, using "yes" and
"no" answers, not using gangster slang, and not offering
personal feelings of opinions on the matter. The first day of

Aci Testo Fars

8

mtements, and y ask my clients if they are guilt,
ed the sonse, He must prove his case. Now.
J when he tells the — He lected a wide array of witnesses,
ove my clients' guilt, mos

tutional. We, as American
the Boston

1. He dk

he first witness. The wit

will my pleasure t harges." He the court what he discovered in his inve

aracters, and they suddenly feel his g characters. Monk will play back any recording he made of

that these people ¢ s ation that might be useful, quote
4 that the witnd bring before you will an y said, and bring evidence seized
i guilt." He thanks the jury, and sits haracters' homes — drugs, guns, money, etc
tands, and delivers his statement. He, too, est re are conversations from th
an I say to that? I agre c jones mplicate them. Halloway

sible evidence, but the judge
them. 1 hear of it. By the time Monk finishes his te
emem- _Halloway rises to cross-examine him, the jury is

roof.He and shaking their heads


Halloway asks to see warrants for the search and seizures
of property and for the arrests of the characters. He asks about
the interrogation techniques used, and questions everything
he can. Monk, however, answers each question steadily and
easily, and by the time Halloway dejectedly says "No further
questions," the characters should very well feel they are
fighting a losing battle.

Halbert calls Halloway to the bench fora moment, and
Halbert returns. "They've made an offer," he says, "And 1
think you should consider it. They want you to turn state's
evidence and testify against Andreas, Stephano, and any-
body else who's a bigger fish than you. Also, they want all the
goods on anybody in city government who attends the fights
co buys the drugs. If you do it, they'll drop all charges not
pertaining to RICO, and you'll do maybe five years. Probably
‘mote like two. What do you say?"

eplies, "On the one hand, you'd be biting the
that feeds you. On the other, maybe it's time:

Let the characters consider. The ghouls, of cours, are
still bound to Andreas, but in the face of death in prison, this.
‘might not seem like such a bad idea, particularly i convinced
that this isthe "right thing to do." Before they can decide,
however, Reginald trips the fire alarm. The characters are
immediately surrounded by armed FBI agents, «0 they have
no chance to escape. However, the trial is over for the day,
and they have all night to discuss the offer.

‘Scene Nine: THe Reunion

That night, at sundown, Reginald visite the Kindred
characters and informs them of the offer. He then offers to
take them to where the ghouls are being kept

‘The ghouls are in custody, but the Kindred should have
little trouble getting by the guards. The characterscan discuss
the past few days, as they probably haven't seen each other,
and decide what to do. Reginald possesses one of the guards,
and takes part in the conversation. What he advises them to
do depends largely on his overall opinion of the group, and
how they have treated him over the years (se sidebar)

Reginald has inside information on the evidence
against the characters, and about the whereabouts of the
witnesses. Which information he gives them varies as

described in the sidebar.

Ir Reoiwatp Stavsin ContROL

He cellsthe characters where the witnesses are. and who
they are in private life. They have been sequestered at the
Vadia Hotel (se the Appendix for more information). They
are heavily guarded at all times, of course, but he can get to
them — and invade their dreams, if necessary. This know!-
‘edge also makes it possible for the characters to send ghouls

their families, or, if the characters wish, to visit the
witnesses personally

Reginald also knows. few things about the evidence the
FBI planted. The firearms and drugs they "seized" from the
characters' homes were, in fact, taken from Boston Police
Department storage. The cop who works the night shit
ld man named Nate O'Connor, remembers a bunch of Fe
‘came in one night, flashed a lot of paper in his f
some stuff from lock-up. Histestimony, and the inves
that would follow, would discredit Monk's testimony. Like
many city policemen, O'Connor dishkes the meddling of
federal agents in local matters and would be very happy to
testify against them.

Al of this information does not come free, however
Reginald asks that he be released. For thicto be accomplished,
he asks that his old jacket be given to Gooxwill. The jacket is
‘currently in the back room of the Forgotten Workds gallery (see
the Appendix). Once this occu

owner of the jacket, a di

and too

Ir Reoinatn's Suanow Tal
He has no interest in getting fe, but no real interest
saving the characters' necks, either. He tells the characte

‘Acs Ii Test Farm

8

witnesses are staying at the Vadia, and that itis

haracterscan handle the arson themselves,
Either way, ifthe Vadia bu

he witnesses are killed, and the

If the charac the hotel burns

s do not start the fir
Jown later in the year, apparently by a

Scene Ten: THe TRIAL —Dav Two.

rens toxlay depends largely on what happened

dence, he asks for a recess while he locates O'Connor.

1's testimony the
bur

ne sways the jury in favor of the defe

uts the courtroom down fi

havean extra day to deal with
If the characters have
Halbert asks for a

way with the witnesses,

ince to restructure his case

Thisis granted, of course,

nd Halbert makes a point of saying
that the fire is under inw

It neither of these things happe
their testimony. Many identify the cha

hem, probably the ones who remember the

characters from past decades, but the general feeling at th.

federal protection, now of at any time, go to Scene Eleven.

‘Scene ELeven: BETRAYAL
Run this scen

he characters choose to accept the

offer of turning evidence against Andreas a

the Giovanni

and

The characters are ren

loaded into a van to be taken
manacled together, the ride is hou

questioning. Th
oe
someone watching. They shou

that federal protection is their only safe haven, ever, forth
rest of theit lives

When the van finally pulls to a stop, it is well past
midnight. The ch:
barn. They pile ou
s, and they see someone
m. It is not Te

Kdren of Isaac
how they

ore lurking about.

it. Ifthisis one of
, you may either
1 reins over to her for a moment, of do the
ter justice yourself. The elder introduces herself, and
is that the characters have been remanded to her

reception depends on who:
characters from previous

Noo Maa

Cy)

custody. Since they have agreed to give information on
‘Andreas, she will spare their lives and allow them to return,
to the family. She will even arrange to have charges against
them dropped. The only catch is that all the information they
give must be truthful as far as they know — "The truth, the
whole truth, and nothing but the truth," she smirks.

If the characters refuse, she sighs, and they are taken
back and given over to police custody. However, newsof their
"betrayal" has already reached Andreas, and he is furious. No
‘matter what happens in the rest of thisact, the characters will
never regain his good favor. He refuses to speak directly to
them, and this stained reputation will follow them indefi-
nitely (+2 difficulties on social rolls with the Mafia).

If they agree, the elder invites them into the barn, one
at a time. Each character is interrogated in a manner
consistent with the elder in question. If the elder in
question belonged to a current player, you may allow her
torun the interrogation against the other players (if there
are more elders present, this will work even better). Under
‘no circumstances should any of the elders use Dominate or
Presence on the characters.

‘The elders want to know everything. Details about who
is in the Mob's pocket, about what the Giovanni have their
fingers into, and anything they know about Andreas.

If the characters attempt to bargain, they are initially

stonewalled. If they are persistent, allow the player to roll
Manipulation + Subterfuge (difficulty 9) as an extended
roll. Lower this difficulty for extremely good arguments. If
the player nets five successes in three rolls, the elder might
agree to a concession. This might include delivering
Marianna; allowing the ghouls and their associates to keep
their businesses; or even freedom from the Giovanni. If

freedom the character wishes, the elder aflows the ghoul to.
drink of her potent blood. The player may then roll Will-
power (difficulty 7, or lower if you feel the Blood Bond
between Andreas and the character is weak). If the toll
succeeds, the character is no longer bound to Andreas.
(Note that this does not work if the Child of Isaac is of 8th
generation or higher, as his blood is not powerful enough to
foil the bond.) Any other favors must be negotiated. You

will need to decide the elder's response to any given request,
bu any of the sample elders would give Marianna to the

Giovanni if the reward were great enough.

Several good questions might occur to the characters
and players during the interrogation. Why, for example, do
the elders not simply use Dominate or Auspen and read the
ghouls' minds? What about wraiths? Surely the elders know
that they constantly watch the ghouls.

The reason the elders do not tamper with the ghouls
mentally is Andreas, They know that be is a mater of
Dominate, have heard thathe isa skilled Thaumaturgist, and
have very conflicting reports about his generation. They
have already seen the heads of minions explode during

{questioning (way back in Blood and Fire), and have no way
of knowing what precautions Andreas has taken. As far as
wraiths go, Marianna told them to use this site for the
questioning, although she herself is not present. The reason
4s that it sits on a huge nihil (see Wraith: The Oblivion for
details, but basically a sinkhole into the most violent parts of
the Underworld) that sucks in any approaching wraith.
‘There were guardian wraiths around, but they were simply
tunable to approach.

When the interrogation is over, the characters are
piled back into the van and shipped back to town. If they
cooperated, they might expect the trial to suddenly fall their
way and for victory to be assured. What neither they nor the

elders know is the Halbert cannot be bought ot influenced.
The trial is still on.

Scene TweLve: MARIANNA

This scene takes place if either group of characters
decide to umn Marianna over to the Giovanni. If Kindred
characters wish to meet and bargain with het, of pethaps try
to give her the tablets, this scene can be used as well

The characters' first problem is finding her; she didn't
give a method for doing so. If the ghoul characters betrayed
Andreas in return for Marianna (above), they are contacted
and told that Marianna will be at St. Leonard's Church the
night following the close oftheir trial. Ifshe met with one or
‘more ofthe Kindred characters, they may find herby sending
out scout wraiths, using contacts within the vampiric com-
munity (assuming any still exist), or trying to find Father
Carlos through the church.

Marianna meets with the Kindred at any location they
wish, so long ast doesn't appear too suspicious. She spies on
the area with wraiths ahead of time, and if there isan ambush
waiting, she simply does not come.

the coterie attemptsto capture Mariannatby itself, they
hhave made a serious mistake. Unless they recruit some pow:
erful allies and come up with a masterful strategy, they are
going to lose. Marianna is five centuries old and has been
tuning from the Giovanni for nearly all of that time.
Marianna won't bother tokill the Kindred, but incapacitates
them and leaves them where they lay. Hopefully the charac
ters can recover before sunrise.

I the characters contact Andreas or another higher-up
(Stephano, Francis, Jason, etc.) and let them know of their
opportunity, they are told to let it wait until after the tral
Theyare told toarrange ameeting forthe night after the tial
ends, at St. Leonard's.

[the characters wish to give Marianna the tablets, they
find that they cannot even get near them until after the tial
(remember that Andreas has cut contact until these troubles
blow over). Regardless of what the characters do, Marianna
will be at the meeting. If, however, they can arrange it, 0
much the better for them.

‘Ac Test oF Farms

Scene Tointeen: THe Triat — Day THRee

When Halloway greets the characters today, he is no-
ticeably nervous. He explains that today, they will testify.
Their initial chances of swaying the jury depend largely on
what happened yesterday.

If Monk's testimony was discredited, he is recalled to the
stand and apologizes for the mistakes his team has made. He
clatosclerical errors and miscommunication were responsible,
and Halbert reminds the jury that only some of his evidence
was false. There is still more than enough, he tells them, for a
‘conviction. Halloway declines to question Monk again.

If the witnesses were murdered, a lange chunk of Halbert's
‘case hasbeen stolen Ifthe characters were not careful about theit
anon methods, Halbert reports that the fre wasstarted intention
ally. "What was it that you weren't meant to know?" he asks.

Ifboth of these things have happened, Halbert uses both
cof the tactics mentioned above. He also has come to the
conclusion that the characters are too well connected to
allow even the freedom of prison.

neither the witnesses nor Monk's testimony has been
climinated, Halbert doesn't even bother with an opening
statement. He believes that he has this case locked up tight,
and at the moment, he is quite right.

Before the characters testify, Halbert announces that he
has one witness to call. He calls Teresa Powers to the stand.

‘She was not staying atthe Vadia, and has been under federal
protection since the start of the trial. Skip this section if
‘Teresa is now a ghoul or Kindred.

Teresa, again, is not there to testify against the charac-
ters in particular. She does, however, give testimony about
the businesses they run, their finances, the slang on the
wiretaps, and the records the FBI has on them. Ar the end of
her testimony, she states that it is "very likely that they have
connections to organized crime." She also states that there is
a pattem of crime in their businesses, and this makes them

indictable under RICO.

Halloway does the best he can. He questions RICO's
wording and asks Powers if, in her opinion, a "pattern of
‘corrupt activity" should be enough convict a citizen of a
felony. Powers replies that she is unsure, but she certainly
feels that the law has the potential for abuse. Halloway asks
the jury to note that, and reminds that, absurd as it may be,
if their employer were engaged in illegal activity. they them-
selves could be indictable under RICO.

Ifthe Vadia burned down, the expert witness who was to
rebut Power' testimony died in the fir. If not, he is present.
Said witnessisa sociologist who isbeing very highly paid by the
Giovanni tosay thatall the characters' businesses are legit, and.
sound good doing so. However, he swears upon the Bible (sce
below), and therefore cannot le effectively. He stammers and
‘contradicts himself, and finally Halbert smugly suggeststhat he
{s not qualified to make this rebuttal. Still under the relic's
power, he agrees (he is not qualified to do. if he cannot le),
and the jury is told to disregard his testimony.

The time has now come for the characters to testify.
Halloway reminds them to answer questions directly and
succinctly. He is nervous about many facets of the tral, but
he suspects Halbert has something up his sleeve. He is right.

Allow cach player to make a Perception + Alertness roll
(difficulty 8). Ifthe roll succeeds, their characters notice the
tuilff unwrap the Bible upon which they are to swear from a
tue cloth as they approach the bench. This may not mean
anything to them, but it soon will. The bailiff isan ally of dhe
Inquisition, and the Bible is a holy relic, used in interroga-
tions of witches and Kindred for many years. When the first
character places his hand on it to swear, he feels a strange
burning sensation. See "Perjury," in the sidebar.

Halbert begins the questions by asking the character's
real name. This should give the character some inkling of
she isup against; even so basic alie isan effort. Halbert then,
‘continues with conventional questioning: "Is this your
voice on these tapes?" "What do you do fora living" "Were
you aware that a fighting circuit exists in this city?" "Who
patronizes this circuit?"*Who is your employer?" Add other
‘questions, but remember that Halloway will object on any
rounds he can. Any question that would incriminate the
character is contested, and the objection sustained, but
Halbert tries to be careful. He sticks to the material evi-


dence that the FBI provided, if possible, trying to get the WERDICT
Theq wurse, should reflect
being tried for. Be creative here

and the jury will know this.

fact that Halbert The jury deliberat

s. He realizes tha

ters, but this merely

bury then if

| s x fever, Halloway will decline to

yestion them. When the characters have finished their

testimony, the court breaks for lunch. When they return, the
remarks.

Aco Testor Fens

] a


trying to escape. You might allow them to do so; Andreas:
«can find them wherever they go. Either way, they will end
up at the St. Leonard's church tomorrow night (see "The
Church," below).

Innocent
I the characters are acquitted on all charges, Halloway

quoted as saying the trial was a "miscarriage of justice"

that he is "ashamed to he a servant of auch a legal system."
‘On their way out, the cop finds the characters and tells

them that Andreas wants to meet them at Leonard's
ach tomorrow night. Until then, they ate to enjoy their

well-earned freedom,

‘Scene Fourteen:

St. Leonard's has continued its slide into tackiness
during the last few decades. Most of the lighting inside isnow
electric. The votive candles are the only nonplastic ones.
remaining, Outside, the ivy has been stripped away and the

stonework painted over, marred by graffiti, and then painted

‘again in a cycle that leaves chunks of paint on the ground.
Allof the characters should be hete on the night follow-

ing the conclusion of the trial. Kindred characters may be

for whatever reason. Ghoul
characters are here to meet with Andreas. If the ghouls were
found guilty and cry to run, they are each abducted by
Giowanni thugs and dragged to the church. Ifthey resist, they
find that any weapons they carry do not function, thanks to
the ever-present wraiths.

‘Anireas waits inside the church. Stephano and Paul
D\Carlo are also with him. The Milliners are not here; they
feel it srisky to asociate with the Giovanni too openly just
yet. There are a number of wraiths here as well — six, in all
—and more if Marianna is coming.

Andreas is here for one reason — the ghoul characters.
He asked the Kindred characters here (if they do not already
have a reason for being here) to be witness to cither the
reward for loyalty or the punishment for failure. His intention
1s to kill che characters if they were convicted, wrenching
their souls from their bodies and using them as wraith ser-
vants. If they were acquitted, he plans to Embrace them.

Marianna is here as wel, hiding quietly in the shadows.
Ifshe isexpecting tomeet the characters, she is outraged that
Andeeas and company are present. Ifno contact with her was.
made, she is here stalking Andrews. She believes that with
Andreas dead and the Inquisition so hot on the Giovanni's
‘rail, the clan would fall apart in Boston. She may be right.

This scene will play in much the same way regardless of
why people are here, but their motives will be very different.
The characters have a number of big chances to advance
themselves in the eyes of the Giovanni — and some very
difficult decisions. Timing is very important. Suspense should

also be a key element, so do not let dice rolls drag the action,
down, especially before the fighting begins.

If the Kindred are expecting to meet Marianna, she
arranged to meet outside the church. When they arrive,
however, the door opens and Paul DiCarlo approaches them.
He asks why they are here, leaving the door open.

The players can lie if necessary, but if they were going
tokill Marianna, they could simply tell the truth. As they
talk, Marianna slips into the church. If any character has
an Auspex rating of 4 or more. her player may toll Percety
tion + Alertness in an opposed roll against Marianna's
‘Wits + Stealth (difficulty 7for both). Ifthe player wins the
contest, inform her that her character sees a human figure
duck into the church. Presently. a cry of pain issues from
inside the church.

Paul —and probably the characters — rush in to find
Stephano lying across the altar. His chest is cut open ina
diagonal gash, and his ribs are severed and exposed. He has
not met with Final Death yet, but isin torpor (and a great
deal of pain). Andreas stands behind the altar with a pistol
in each hand. His suit is torn open at the shoulder; he has
healed the wound, however. Andreas is down to 12 blood
points, while Marianna has 18 remaining. Marianna is
nowhere in sight.

If the characters were here to meet with Andreas, they
‘were already in the church. Before the ghoulsarrive, Marianna,
‘uses the Incorporeal Passage Ritual to pass through the wall
in the back of the church. She then slips into the main body
of the church, creeps up on Stephano, and attacks.

She strikes with a Japanese sword, and her attack cuts
‘Stephano through the bone. He falls backward onto the altar.
Marianna swings around and slices a very surprised Andreas'
shoulder open, then dives or the pewsand vanishes. Andreas,
heals his shoulder, and draws his pistols.

Ac this point, Marianna assumes the characters were
going to kill her regardless of their early statements — or
intentions. While she does not know of the imminent attack
‘on the church by the Inquisition, she realizes quietly that
tonight is her last night on this Earth. If she was dangerous
before, she is much more so now.

‘Andreas slowly walks down the aisle towards the charac-
ters, tuning around slowly and watching comers. "She's
here," he whispers. "And if she's here, where are the others"
As he comes closer, the characters realize that Andreas
Giovanni is frightened.

‘He motions them towards the door, which opens just
then. The ghoul characters have arrived, either alone, of
with guns to their heads. In the former case, Andreas
‘motions them out of his way and makes for the door. In the
latter, he says, "Oh, good, it's you idiots. There is, in this
room, chance to redeem yourselves. Kill her." He then
pushes the door open.

William Halbert stands in his way.

‘Nowa Marna

4." Marianna's voice


Marianna is not there. The figure was a ritual
illusion. As the characters leave Andreas'
creeps up behind Paul DiCarlo and uses

caul the Living Mind to incapacitate him. Have all

ayers roll for initiative. Marianna acts first this tum, but

has taken her first action to immobilize DiCarlo (she has
others ough Celerity)

Play out the battle as usual. Marianna's goal is to kill
Andreas Giovanni, The characters can enter the battle in
any way they wish. The moaning, however, becomes louder,
and the wraiths in the room become visible. They are still

nslucent, 40 present no obstruction to vision, but whit
around the room as if caught in a windstorm (which they
are, in fact).

The fight can go any way the Storyteller wishes. The
characters (especially those Embraced in 1929) may realize,
however, that if Andreas dies, they are within theie righ
make a grab for his seat, not to mention the fact that
could consume the souls of Stephano and Paul as well ‘They
may also wish to fight alongside Marianna on moral grounds,
however unlikely this may be.

Ifthe characters join with Marianna, the fight is one-
sided. Andreas fights with all of his considerable power,
but ts ultimately beaten. One of the Kindred characters
‘may choose to commit diablerie upon him (ifthe character

hhas even heard of diablerie; Storytellers discretion), or
pethaps the characters will simply choose to send him to
Final Death. Either way, as the characters loom over him,

‘Andreas pulls a small, black marble from his sleeve and
throws it to Marianna. Surprised, she catches it, and
shrieks in pain. She collapses, and her flesh begins to
dissolve. The marble allows the Spectres in the room to.
focus on her specifically. Ifany character picks the marble
up, they immediately suffer eight levels of aggravated
damage. This does not instantly kill, but is fatal for Kin-
dred. Only the Embrace can save a ghoul who touches the
marble. Marianna grants that favor — see below.

If the characters fight on Andreas' side, Marianna
eventually falls, fatally wounded. However, she inflicts as
much damage to the Kindred in the room as possible (she
will merely incapacitate ghouls). When the fight ends,
Andreas, nearly in torpor himself, beckonsa ghoul charac-
ter over. If the poor fool gets within arm's reach, Andreas
seizes him and drains him dry. He forces the dying ghoul to
lap his spilled blood from the floor. The character will
enter the Becoming slowly. as this tiny bit of blood works
its way through her system. [twill take several hours for it
to be complete.

‘Suill partially in frenzy from fear and pain, Andreas then.
drains another ghoul and throws him to the floor next to
Marianna. The dying gtlglancesupat Andreasand whispers,
"Look to the everlasting night ahead, and know Aurie!'s

Prophecy: that forever shall Childe rise up to slay Sire." She
then pulls the character to her and kisses him

‘The kiss is gentle, yet contains all the force of simple,
loving girl who lived her entire lifetime — and many others
—unable to let herself love anyone but God. Andreas howls
and lunges for them, but is pushed back by a wave of white
light. The character lies on the ground convulsing in the pain
of the Becoming, while Marianna's body crumbles to dust.
‘The white light glows brighter above her and a human figure
tums and walks away. The character she Embraced is of the
seventh generation.

The flash of light happens regardless of the circum-
stances of the Embrace. Outside, the Society believes it
has witnessed a miracle. A palpable sense of peace falls
over the church, and the Inquisitors leave, thinking the
threat to be over.

AFTERMATH

‘Thetabletsarestillin the Giovanni'sposession, and the
Children of Isaac still want thet, If Marianna as killed
without their knowledge or consent, they are incensed.
Camarilla elders lean on Quentin King to increase pressure
on the Giovanni, while Sabbat and independent elders
watch the Necromancers at every tur, looking for — and
occasionally striking at — weakness

If the characters murdered Andreas Giovanni, they are
the only ones who know it. Even the wraiths that normally
follow the characters were swept up in the soul-storm and do
not remember the events clearly. The burst of light wipes the
aurasof the charactersclean (ifnecessary), and both Stephano
and Paul were unable to see the act.

However, as Benjamin Franklin said, "Three can keep
asecret if woof them are dead." Here, even that isn't good
enough. One of the other characters might well try to
blackmail his broodmate for money, favors, ot the Em-
brace. Ifsuch a situation develops, the Storyteller must be
the final arbitrator.

If someone diablerized Andreas, blackmail is not her
only problem. From time to time, the character will get
strange flashes of insatiable, sadistic curiosity. She alo sub-
‘tracts one from the difticulties of any Courage rolls, as
Andreas' disdain of fear rises tothe foreground.

‘The characters may have chosen to destroy Stephano
and Paul in the church as well. Committing diablerie upon
either ofthese Kindred is useless for childer of Andreas; Paul
is of equal generation and Stephano iseleventh. Also, while
Stephano has never been particularly kind the characters, he
hhas never backstabbed them, and Paul has always treated
them as friends. Any character who murders them might
need to check for Humanity degeneration, as might any
character who can stop them and does not. Abo, while
destroying Andreas may make abid for power easier, destroy-
ing these two Giovanni will force the characters to take over
their responsibilities as well.

If there were any characters left un-Embraced at the
end of this Act, Stephano Embraces them himself. While

‘Nuova Marna

"

he has never cared much for this group, he also is angry
with Andreas for leaving him to die on the altar and
reasons that this is an acceptable way to one-
(whether or not he is still undead). If Stephano or
Andreas met the Final Death, Paul DiCarlo Embraces
them out of respect for their long service. An Embrace
from these characters would put a neonate at 12¢h or
I1th generation, respectively.

If Andreas dies, there is a power vacuum in Boston.
Stephano, Jason Milliner, and one of oldest charactersare the
‘only serious contenders. You must decide who "wins" and
becomes the new don, which makes for an ideal extended
chronicle. Stephano will relent if power isnot handed over to
him quickly. Jason will not relent unless he feels someone else
1s strong enough to lead. Ifthe characters lend thetr support
tweither contender, he becomes don and the characters earn
a favored position.

If Andreas survives, he is horribly humiliated by what
happened. He becomes steadily more unstable, and by 1999,

his Willpower has dropped to 6, his Conscience to 0, and his
Humanity to 1. fone of the characters is Marianna's child,
Andreas wants to kill him, but iss0 afraid of the otherworldly
repercussions that he does not.

Terrence Monk is reassigned, and William Halbert
retires from active duty in 1982. Father Carlos dies
peacefully in his sleep in 1978. Teresa Powers, if left t0
her own devices, finds work with the FBI, as a special
‘expert in organized crime. Hank approaches the charac-
ters and says that requests have been coming in for a
revival of the fighting circutt.

Sullivan, the teenaged boy, disappears shortly after his
‘experience in Boston. This part of his life confuses him; he
watched as Marianna died, and saw her taken into the light.
His Faith cannot accept salvation for these creatures, and as
result, he blocks out his entire time in Boston, and will apply
for training in the Jesuit order again in 1980. Although these
characters may never see him again, other Kindred certainly
will, ff only for a moment.



stmy youth sour andmy beauty sag when the keys

thin my sight.

Genevra Giovanni

The Boston Giovanni left Act IIL in a rather uncertain
position. Who leads them humiliated and weakened
Andreas? Stephano! Jason Milliner? Or pethaps one of the
player's characters?
coterie have deteriorated. He is paranoid and untrustin
Joesn't want anyone but Hank to be close to him. Ifone of the
ie is Marianna's or Stephano's child, then that charac
ter i not allowed in And wiroas become
shows signs of what one might call ps He'sstill a force
power, still considers the coterie beneficial and helps them
far mote stable than Andreas. However, he
them killed Grace in Act I, then that character has a hard

spent the last couple of decades trying to win b

the respect they spent the first acts gaining. If the coterie

supported Stephano's rise to power, then they start off in a
somewhat better pos

Jason Mi

ters, o they come out ahead in that 1

Jowever, he also has no particular love for them; he be

they're useful, but he isn't one to develop great friends

pecially ar
especially

What the troupe has been

nocturnal predators. He's all

-y want his approval and respect, they

Act IV be

ins in 1999 — should determine where they

the family, then Jason accords them respect as itis

If they've been sitting on their laurels, then they s

significant disadvantag.

s only margi

ally better off than if Andre

The coterie is relatively you

ove. The ch:

ACIIV:To Bron Woo Concuns

A)


cone but Paul DiCarlo (who doesn't wield a great deal of
power among the Giovanni) to speak on their behalf. The
Giewanni do what the Kindred in power says, but they also.
grumble behind the coterie's back. Antonio Giovanni,
and especially his son Domenic, have taken the opportu-
nity to sow the seeds of dissent.

WHAT HAVE THE CHARACTERS BEEN UPTO?

‘What have the characters done during the past 27 years?
‘The fighting circuit needs thei attention atthe very least, as
<does the repair of their tamished-by-prosecution reputations
and their other business concems. The Children of Isaac
have changed tactics slightly since Act II, but this may not
be obvious. Their activities have now had two ends in mind:
to test the characters' abilities, and to gently whittle down
their position. The true assault on their reputation will not
happen until this act begins in earnest, but the Children
wanted to plant the seeds of doubt in the minds of those
around the characters before they began their campaign,
They know that ifthe coterie suddenly and inexplicably has
trouble, it might look suspicious.

The Children spend the downtime between acts getting
inthe way ofthe characters' business. They want the charac-
ters to look less competent than they ate, and they want any.
claimsof the Children of saac didit!" tobe viewed.as though
the characters were "crying wolf" to an empty pasture, At
least a third of any business ventures attempted during the
downtime should fal for various reasons. More likely, half of
their ventures will fal. Thisisup tothe Storyteller: It depends
‘on just how inventive and sharp the characters are.

Tie Sanat AND CAMARILLA

An archon named Theo Bell recently took New
York City for the Camarilla, Now one of his lieutenants,
Yong-Sung Chang, has et his sights on Boston. Quentin,
King is unhappy about giving up control to somebody
else; he's caught between wanting the Camarilla to
have influence Boston and wanting to have influence
over the local Camarilla, He knows that if someone else
comes in codeal with the Giovanni, he won't be allowed,
to remain Prince of Boston. Yong-Sung knows of the
Sabbat's plans to take Boston, and intends to wait until
they and the Giovanni have wasted most of their energy
on each other. Th Il come in with the Camarilla
and wipe up what remains

The Sabbat has finally decided to make its play for
Boston. Max Lowell privately thinks they'd be better off
going for other cities first, but he's happy enough to give
ica try. A tough fight is good for the soul after all, not to
mention a lot of fun. As he knows Boston best, he has
been put in charge of the assault. Unfortunately for
‘Yong-Sung, Max plans to involve the Camarilla whether
they like it or not. The incident at the Isabella Stewart
Gardner Museum (see the Appendix) was his idea; he

wants to stir up as much trouble as possible between the
Giovanni and the Camanila,

PaARTONE:
REpuTATIONIS
EVERYTHING

Scene One:

LettHe Games BEGIN

"etime for the characters' standing among the Giovanni,
totake anose dive. When this act opens, the characters have
just lost a very lucrative chain of drug stores to the Children.
‘The Children Dominated and bribed a group of pharmacists
into giving people the wrong medications. The lawauits that
followed might have taken a huge chunk out of the troupe's
resources; if the characters had kept the stores, they would
have had some real financial troubles.

The coterie, for the she ofthe mony, atempeed 10 get t0
the people who'd filed the lawsuits, but they were being
protected by the Children. Since the characters held the drug.
stores through a dummy corporation and they knew their
names weren't likely to be traced by mortal authorities, they
backed out and sold off the chain. As they knew by this time
that the Children were involved, the only worry was that the
elders would finger them somehow, and the coterie wanted
‘out before that could happen. The chain was swiftly bought
up by the Children through a new mortal servant the charac-
ters didn't recognize, and then the Children arranged for the
lawsuits to be dropped.

EXPLANATIONS

Ifthe characters are not in charge of the city, then
they have just been called on the carpet by the person who
is. If they are in charge, then Jason and Stephano have
come to demand an explanation for what just happened.
‘The drug stores had provided not only money, but also
some harder-to-obtain prescription drugs. Unless the chat-
acters are extremely convincing, they will not be able to
ake Jason or Stephano (or Andreas, if he's still in charge)
believe that they did the right thing. It was the only way
for them to avoid some very serious problems and, in all
likelihood, was the only way out of a bad situation. but all
the others see is that the family has lost something impor-
tant. It doesn't matter that thete was no real way for the
players' characters to overcome the problem; they "should
have found a way."

If the troupe brings up the subject of the Children of
Isaac, the man facing them scowls. "Not those ghosts again,"
hesays."Youknow, you're the only ones in the family who've
had problems with them. I'm starting to think that you'we
made them up in an attempt to explain away your failures."
Andreas will be more sympathetic than Stephano ot Jason in
this matter; Stephano has absolutely no tolerance whatso-
ever fo this kind of "nonsense."

‘Nuova Maar


If the characters bring up the photographs that were
originally taken, that doesn't get very fa. If it's Stephano or
Jason, he says he's never seen these photos (if that's the case)
cor that he has no way of knowing that the subjects photo-
graphed are really the mythical "Children of Isaac." Even if
the characters show him some carefully preserved photos
next to a faded tapestry (which was found in Andreas'
quarters), he shrugs. They say that the details in both the
photos and the tapestry are too faded. Ifthe coterie obtains
fresh photos, which should be very difficult, Jason or Stephano
stille says chat the tapestry isn't detailed enough to be site

If it's Andreas, his paranoia starts to show. He says that
the characters had seen the tapestry before the Children of
Isaac showed up, and that they might have manufactured the
photos somehow. Andreas! decline starts to show itaclf here
— he knows that it's now possible to touch up and alter
Photographs, and he can't understand that it wasn't also
possible when the photographs were taken. Andreas' sense of
time is deteriorating, and his ability to tell what happened
when (and what was possible when) is going to pot.

This is when the "Children of Isaac" explanation truly
stops working, The characters are met with only doubt and
suspicion. The troupe should realize that every failure of the
past 40 years for which they gave this explanation is now
suspect. Their empire is beginning to crumble beneath then.

If they continue to use this explanation throughout this act,
the Giovanni only doubt them more and more.

Scene Two:
DiCar_o s Party, Revisirep

DiCarlo has Embraced his niece, Susanna (from Act 1),
withthe blessings of whomever isin change (unless the character
‘in question has a problem with it, in which case, she will have
been Embraced surreptitiously), and this is something of a
coming-out party for het. She has followed in her uncle's
footsteps by becoming a lawyer and has made several important
acquaintances around the city. The party is more for their benefit
than hers. The excuse given to the mortals forthe party is that
‘Susanna is finally being given afull partnership in her uncle'slaw
firm. She has worked for him asa ghoul fora number of years;she
poses asa younger member of the family when in public

The party takes place at the Forgotten Worlds Gallery,
‘of which the coterie still in charge. Unfortunately forthem,
things go wrong throughout the night. One of the prized
paintings currently on display, an exquisite oil painting of a
blond woman being crucified, has been ripped (by a ghost).
The characters discover this when they go into the gallery
before the party. They can attempt to hide the painting, but
its artist, Susanna herself takes one of the characters aside
and asks about it. She becomes very angry when she finds out
that it was damaged. She doesn't make a scene, but she does
tell her uncle and Stephano about it later. After all, the
characters are responsible for the safety of everything in the
gallery. aren't they?

ACTIN: To Evtron: Woo Conquers
%

Cockrans

The caterer displays his wares on top of red tablecloths
acthe quests enter the room. Ifthe characters do not inspect
the food, then the following happens (if they do inspect the
food, then they can prevent it from being served, but their
suests will wonder where theit food i): One of the characters
natices a ghoul raise a canape in her hand. She is just about
to eat it when a look of surprise crosses her face. Before the
character (or the ghou!) can do anything, one of the mortal
guests, acity councilman, strides up to him. He hokis another
canape under the character's nove

"Do you always serve your guests live insects?" he says
loudly. Asittums out, several dishes are infested with various
types of bugs and spiders. If the characters act quickly, they
‘can be rid of the food before too many people make this
discovery, but the councilman has alteady walked out in
disgust. One or two people who were close enough to hear
him have alo walked out. Susanna and Paul look woeried,
and flit back and forth between the remaining guests to aout
them that everything is fine. Other family members, how-
ever, stare at the troupe and whisper to each other. Domenic
Giovanni says, just loudly enough for the characters to
‘overhear, "Ifmy father and I were still running thisplace, this
never would have happened."

Ifthe catereris questioned, he iscompletely perplexed as
tohow this could have happened. The effect was arranged by
‘one of Cappadocius' Spectre servants. Ifthe characters ques-
tion any wraiths in the area, they might remember seeing an
unknown wraith earlier in the evening whose face was
decaying. No one went near the wraith or questioned het
because they were afraid of her.

Cocnrans, PartIT

Asif the bugs weren't bad enough, one of the Giovanni (a
vampire) collapses after drinking goblet of blood drawn from
‘one of the vessels kept tied in a back room. If tests are run on.
the vessel, she is found to have overdoses of several different
drugs in her system. This was perpetrated by the Children of
Isaac, and can in fact be traced back to one of the Children's
‘ghouls, who was seen slipping into one of the back rooms by a
Giovanni ghoul. The Giovanni thought thecatering company
hhad some business back there and allowed the woman in (the
shoul was Dominated). The chou! does not remember what
the woman looked like. The Giovanni who collapsed will beall
rightonce the drugsclearhersystem, but until then she appears
to be in bad strats. The only way the troupe can uncover the
identity of the woman is to find suppliers of the drugs in
‘question and find out what customer they had in common.

The characters may try to salvage what is left of the
‘evening, buthalfof the guests havealready left. Domenic isone
ofthe onesleft behind, hut he's taking the opportunity tospeak
ill of the players' vampires to various family members. He
phrases things carefully so as to not seem too ill-mannered, but
the dazaling smile he gives the characters makesitclearthat he
doesn't care whether they know what he's up to

‘Nuova MaLATA

%

It's possible that the two separate incidents in the Gal-
{ery may alert the characters to the fact that they're fighting
war on two separate fronts.

Scene THREE: LILLIAN

If the characters drive home from the gallery after
‘Susanna's party, this happens just outside the gallery (if they
would be driving in different directions), or when they're
stuck in a traffic jam (if they ride together). If the characters
walk somewhere, then it happens when they reach a busy
intersection. If the characters leave the gallery at different
times, then this happens to either the first character to leave
or the character the Storyteller deems most appropriate.

‘A.cerect preacher stands on a convenient rock. She hat
drawn a small crowd around her, and she has their rapt
attention. Unlike many street preachers, she is well dressed,
in a navy-blue business suit and a white blouse. She is,
however, barefoot. This is Lillian Russon, the high priestess
of Cappadocius' Spectre cult,

Asthe characters near the group they hear Lillian's voice,
strong and clear, ring out across the sidewalk. People half a
block away sop to listen to her. She sounds very convincing,

0

‘ACIN:To Bvtrvone Who Conus:

and unless the characters make asuccessful Willpower toll they
will want to stop and listen fora while. Her sermon sounds like
the usual millennialise piel in content (except that the scope
is smaller), but she comes across as much more eames. Ifthe
characters listen for long enough they'll find out that she was
a successful businesswoman until three weeks ago, when she
‘wos visited by adark and terrible angel. That ange! toler that
the people of Boston had angered God, and that they were
‘going to die. She unges everyone to prepare themselves forthe
angel's coming. She claims that if they kill themselves now,
they won't suffer as much later.

He's Hereror You

Atsome point in this scene, before the characters leave,
Lillian looks them right in the eyes from her perch upon het
tock. "He comes for you!" she cries. "You have angered him,
and he will have his revenge!" Her expression has changed
from earnest to enraged, and the characters get the distinct
impression that if she weren't surrounded by people, she
‘might well get down off her rock and attack them.

Ifthe characters try to speak with Lillian that night, they
find this easier said than done. She is constantly surrounded
by people. Unless the characters ate extremely observant
(Perception + Alertness, difficulty 8), when she slips down
off of her rock they lose her in the crowd. Even ifthey see her,
they find their way blocked by milling people when they try
to follow her. By the time they get through the people she's
gone, having slipped into a dark car with no license plates
that pulled up to the curb.

Hthecharactersask around, theycan eailyfindoutLilan's
zname. They can track down her previous place of employment
and even her supervisor they wish (she worked at an adverts:
ingagency and was a model employee, fabit isolated and quiet,
right up until she left). The one piece of information no one
seems to know is where she's staying right now. An akiess is
ftiven for her home, but it's empey — even her furniture is gone.
Since Lillian is staying with another cult member, her name
doesn't show up in any paperwork anywhere

Tracking down Lillian herself is a little harder. She has
delivered Cappadocius' message, and will not be easy to find
again until Cappadocius wants her tobe found. Lillian preaches
‘on street comers every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday in an
attempt to gain new converts to her cause, but she does it
during the daytime from now on. Although the characters can
discover her schedule, she never preaches in the same place
twice, and she never stays long in any one place

If by dint of some very hard work the character should
happen to find Ms. Russon, she comes across entitely as the
cool professional. She calmly explains to them that they have
angered God's angels, and that in the coming nights — which
should sct off the characters nerves — they will be among
those who are struck down. She has the Iron Will merit and
cannot be Dominated into revealing the names of locations
of the other cult members — Cappadocius refuses to let his
inion be swayed by such wretched vampires as these. She


could be tortured, but if this happens one of the Spectres
(oeho'sbeen watching from a distance) will get involved. She
will drain Lillian's life essence by several health levels at a
time. This will put Lillian in enough pain that she will not be
ble to speak. Ifthe characters persist then the Spectre will
dain Lillian to the dregs, killing her.

If the characters should happen to speak with a local
coroner, doctor of police officer sometime during this act, they
will be told that there hasbeen an odd pattem of suicides lately

Scene Four: FAMILY Support

Anyone in the family the characters speak to about Lillian
tsakepaical. If the family member has enough power, he openly
speculates as to whether the characters ate becoming. de
ranged. If she doesn't, she keeps her mouth shut but makes her
feelings clear with tone of voice and facial expression. If the
characters have no teal police connections, they are told that
Domenic is the person to speak with about that. Domenic will
openly deride the charactersforcaringabouta lunatic preacher.
"What, are you looking to join up with the Malkavians?"

Anything the characters say about this to the family will
only make their standing worse, which won't be good for
them. Their position is bad enough after the botched party
If the characters attempt to mention the Children of Isaac
with regard to either incident, they are openly laughed at or
laughed at behind their backs, depending on the rank of the
person they speak

Beino Suapowen

Regardless, Antonio (and especially Domenic) ate tak
ing this opportunity to malign the characters behind theie
backs. They have a stealthy ghoul or two following the
characters and looking for anything they can we against
them, so any odd behavior on the part of the troupe will come
back tohaunt them. The ghoulshave been told that
important not to get caught than to keep up
characters, 50 it will take alot to notice them. The Storyteller
should choose one or two characters at the beginning of each
night who are being followed. At some poi
<charactersare not particularly preoccupied with other things,
they should each make a Perception + Alertness roll (diff
culty 8). With two or more successes, they notice that
someone is following them. The ghoul in question should
have a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 6 unless the
characteris making a particular effort to pretend not to have
noticed him; otherwise 7) tonotice that he's been made. Ifhe
notices, he will attempt to ewape.

The ghoul believes he is the servant of Elsa, a local
Toreador. He thinks that the blond woman he meets every
few nights (a maid from Domeni
Domen

the

when those

house) is Elsa.
is twofold. He

'« purpore in creating thie fi

doesn't wish to be caught spying on the ch
figures that if they catch his ghoul, he migh\
situation to cause yet more trouble for the characters
After all, if they start a fight with the Cama

Nuova Maan

will be happy with them. The ghoul has only received
Domenic's blood by proxy, from a thermos that "Elsa"
brings with her.

The two ghouls live together, and if one of them fails to
come home of acts at all strangely, the other will call a cell-
phone number and inform the blond woman of this. When
this happens, "Elsa" will stop showing up at the appointed
placeand time. The ghoulsare also supposed to call her twice
a night; if one of them misses a call, he is immediately
regarded as being off limits.

ADDITIONAL SCENES

Ifthe Storyteller wishes to make things even harder on
the characters, there is more that can be done. Most simply,
the Children can continue to make the characters look like
fools, with a little "help" from Cappadocius.

Things could get as complicated as desired. Perhaps the
Children havea contact with little Dementation arrive into,

D repeatedly
‘manifest in the lands of the living. The Spectre tricks his
priest that he has mastered the demon,
Tashi from then on. i

‘th

town. One ortwo usesof that, and the characters would begin
to look as though they were going over the deep end.
Alternatively, perhaps the new visitor knows a little
Chimerstry. The characters are going to look pretty stupid
when they insist chat Stephano, who was with Jason and
Francis all evening, killed one of their ghouls ot took some
shots at them in public.

The Storyteller should be creative, and above all keepin
mind that the Children aren't trying to get the characters
killed — they're trying odrive them away from the Giovanni
(which shoukin't actually happen until the beginning of Part
Three). Ifthe charactersare particularly inventive, give them
the opportunity to discover the identities of theit detractors
This should be very difficult for them to do however, and
should not be undertaken lightly if success is at all expected.

The Storyteller could also throw in something of a
millenialist cult and Rapture scare if desired. Lillian's little
cult could easly be upped to this status.

her, and she as a Willpower of 6
re up with Bther |

following as examples of posible powerlevels.
"Preacher's Charm (3 points): Whet

2 odin ier jand a touch!
afflicted area. Two health Lor fethal
damage can be healed for each point spent, and only one.
point can be spent at 3 time, This Investment i« particu"
larly useful for.convincing nonbelievers of a "

power. After the use ofthis power, the mortal must rest

half-hour before performing any strenuous actions;

‘erwise, she is at a two-die penalty to her die pool:
© Burning Eyes (2 points): This Im
mortal's eyes to glow with any color he

scene. This Investment costs one,

ACTIV: To Evurvont Who Conquass

»

PartTwo:
THe DEATH
OFA TRAITOR

Scene One: RuMoRS

The coterie, by now, hasbecome the butt of jokes at best,
and openly distrusted at worst. If they are in charge, they have
been receiving much less respect than they wish, but cannot
sive the proper reprisals, astoo much beutality might result in
asunbath. If Stephano or Jason isin charge, the vampires find
themelves with a great deal of free time, as more important
assignments are given to Domenic or DiCarlo.

Even so, the characters are still members of the family,
and they sill hear things. Below is a list of rumors that they
may heat during Part One of this Act.

* Augustus Giovanni is planning to takedirect action
in the power structure of Boston. There are many theories
about whom he plans to give control, ranging from the
probable (Jason Milliner or Stephano), the possible
(Lucretia Giovanni, Andreas' sire) and the unlikely (the
Capuchin, Antonio).

‘* The Camarilla has decided that the Giovanni hold too

much power in Boston and plan to send someone with a
backbone to oust them.

* Andreas (ithe isstill undead) hasbecome "crazier than
a shithouse rat" and is a danger to the family.

* The fanaticism seen among mortals regarding the
millennium is happening in the Shadowlands, too — many
wraiths are afraid to talk about the Underworld, and the
Giovanni's uual Restless contacts have gone mad, missing,
‘or simply vanish when summoned forth.

* Any number ofrumors regarding the characters' ability
tolead or function within the family. One disturbing rumor,
however, is that they are in the pocket of some unnamed
Camanilla elder.

‘These rumorsare true, toone degree or another. [isthe
first one that should concer the characters most, however.
While Augustusdoesnot plan torestructure the leadership in
Boston completely, he does plan to reward a useful Giovanni
with the blood and soul of a dangerous one. He has decided
toallow Francis Milner to diablerise Genera.

The arrangement is that Genevra will arrive in town
and meet with some members of the family who are on the
‘outs. When she is alone, Francis will attack and subdue
her, using a special ritual to drive her wraith servitors
away. He will conaume her blood and soul, and from
become equal in generation to Andreas (or if he is no
longer in charge, he will exceed any other contender's

generation by at least one). He will then be in a position
to take Boston for himself

Scene Two:
GENEVRA

Genevra's will ative in Boston soon, ostensibly on her
way to New York City (she has been told that the Giovanni
need a good operative in the recently liberated Big Apple;
this is true, but it won't be her).

She arrives in town on a ship from Europe. If one of the
players' vampires i in charge, he must send someone to meet
Genevra. Ifnot, the don sends one of the coterie todoso. The
other characters are welcome to attend.

Genevra steps off the boat with the grace of an aristo-
<crat. She is dressed in a simple black skirt and blouse. and
‘carries an expensive leather attache case. She is talking to
someone on a cellular phone, which she hangs up as she
approaches the characters. She introduces herself, and asks
to be taken for a bite to eat.

The characters can take her hunting or feed her from
their own herd, whichever they prefer. While hunting (or
feeding) they can chat about whatever they choose. The
characters find her pleasant and loquacious, if a bit arro-
gant. If the events of the last act arise, Genevra becomes
very interested, especially about the Inquisition. If ques-
tioned about her interest, she says lightly, "Oh, there was a
time when I could direct the hunters, toapoint. That'sagun
dle to reload." She istelling the truth; her own ties with
the Inquisition evaporated in the early 1900s, though she
still has several mortal hunters under her thumb.

‘She will tell the story of her own Embrace, if asked,
though of course she lies about some points. Ifthe characters
‘confide in her about their recent problems, she says, "Stick it
‘out. Power can change quickly anywhere, but especially in
thisclan. Just try tostay respectful,and when this blows over,
people will remember that."

As day breaks, Genevra decides to take subway to het
lodging (she has booked a "sunshine suite" at the Hornsby
Hotel). She waves as she descends the stats. This isthe bat
time the characters will see her.

Scene THREE:
More Dreams

‘That day, as the Kindred sleep, they each feel a tug and
sensation of flying. When their vision clears, they are
standing in a subway, with their old acquaintance, Reginald.

If Reginald left town during Act III, he explains that he's
‘made peace with his wanderlust, and came back to Boston to
finish his time in purgatory. If not, he's been here the whole
time. Either way, last night when the characters left Genevra,
Reginald sawa wraith in her retinue that looked "worth talking
to," and followed (said wraith was alsodrop-dead gorgeous, but
[Reginald reasons that the vampures don't need to know that)

‘Nowa Maar


He tries several times to explain what he saw, but keeps
stammering and losing histrain of thought. Finally, he holdsup
his hands and vanishes. The subway scene remains, however,
and the characters become aware of running footsteps

They turn, and see Genevra running toward them. Het
skit is riddled with bullet holes and blood, but she has healed
the wounds. She stops for a moment and listens. At that
moment, the lights in the subway flicker and die. The
characters are left in pitch-blackness, and then see two red
pinpricks — Genevra, using the first level of Protean. This
should strike them as odd; Protean is an uncommon Disci-
pline, usually known only by Gangrel (Genevra, in fact,
learned it from a Sabbat Gangrel some time ago). The
Kindred is given little time to consider this, however, when
a bright light strikes Genevra's face.

The light surprises and blinds the elder for asplit second, but
that is enough. The characters hear a gunshot, and half of
Genevra'sface tearsitselfaway. The blastspinsher around, and she
flings her atache case down the tunnel with all her considerable
serength. Two more reports sound, both striking Genevra in the
back She collapses to one knee, and tums to face her assailants.

The light centers itselfon her heart. Genevra'seyesgrow
wide with fear, and the next moment a small crossbow bolt
protrudes from her chest. She collapses in torpor, and a hand
reachesout, grabsherhait, and pullsherinto the light. All the

characters can see are her feet, which curl, then stiffen, then
shrivel and fall to dust.

Allow the players to roll Perception + Alertness (dif
culty 7). If successful, the character notices her attache case
lying on the ground some distance down the track. The scene
begins to go dark as she dies, bt ifthe player rolled thtee or
more successes, she sees a warty, bloated hand grab the case
and pull it into the darkness.

AAs the dream fades, Reginald says, "I'm sorry I didn't get
a look at who got her, but I had to Skinride a bum to avoid
notice. All the other wraiths there disappeared, lke they were
called away or forced away right then. All very strange. Just
thought you'd want to know — someone nasty's in town."

The characters may decide that finding Genevra'skille
would bea good way to regain some of the face they have lost.
Normally, this would be true. However, the killer in this case
is Francis Milliner, and he was acting with full knowledge and
backing of Augustus Giovanni. No one else in Boston, not
even his son Jason, knows this yet.

If the characters take this to the don, whoever it is tells
them to investigate. If they balk at detective work, the don
says, "Well, | could give the case to Domenic. Let me see,
you were the last ones to see her before the Final Death, and
you found her remains? Which way do you think he'd take
the investigation"

If one of them is the don, the coterie might well worry
what the clan will do when it hears that an important
Giovanni has died in their care. Either way, the characters are
now artempuing tosolve a murder mystery — without a hoay

AGN: To Evin: Wo Conus

101

Scene Four:
INVESTIGATION

‘The characters could take many different avenues. What
{follows isa good, but by no means comprehensive, list of these
avenues. Ifthe players take the investigation off in a totally.
‘unexpected direction (as players are wont to do), you will
either need tosteer them back to one of these choices, or wing

it. The latter is highly recommended.

HerrinGs Rep AND OTHERWISE

The characters can find a number of facts with a few
phone calls. You may choose to allow the characters to think
toask these questions ifthe playerssucceed in an Intelligence
+ Investigation roll (difficulty 6).

‘* Dad Genevra check into the hotel lastnight? (Shedd not.)

** Was anything sent to the hotel from the ship? (Yes,
‘wo suitcases and a very heavy trunk.)

* Did she have transportation to New York waiting?
(No. She was told she'd be contacted in Boston, and of course

that isn't true.)

'* Was there a blood hunt called on her? (There was not,
although Quentin King wouldn't exactly mourn her passing.
if he had any idea who she was.)

'* Was she carrying anything of value, i... was anything
she took with her insured? (Nothing was insured, but only
because the valuable items she was carrying were too strange
to declare to anyone. See "Luevage." below.)

More Asout GenevRaA

Inorder to establish a motive, the characters may attempt
to lear more about who Genevra was and what che did for the
clan. This requires making calls to Giovanni in other cities,
Hank can give the characters some good contacts, if asked.

Genevra's main areas of concern were Detroit, Miami,
Philadelphia, Montreal, and various cities on the Eactern

‘Seaboard. While she was not head of operations in any of
these cities, she did wield considerable influence in the
business world. In fact, she has bankrolled businesses that
now have chains in all of the above cities; these are langely
eentertainmentand media-oriented. Any Giovanni with which
the characters speak will give much the same assessment of
Genevra. She ts driven, intelligent, and none of them trust
ther any farther than they can stroll inthe sun (this shouldn't
worry the characters overmuch; they've seen firsthand ex-
actly how much the Giovanni trust each other). Also, the
‘contact in Philadelphia, Donald Miller (a Dunsirn Giovanni)
tells them that up until a week ago, she was working on
‘expanding her interests to other cities in Pennsylvania. She
received a call from Europe, and made preparations to leave
the following weekend. Ifasked, he admits that hedidnt take
thecall or hear any part of it,sohe has no idea ifthe caller was
whom he claimed. Iftokd that Genevra isdead, he sounds just
shocked enough to be polite.

‘What the rest of the family has missed, however, is that
all of Genevra's stomping grounds are Sabbat controlled of
contested. You should reveal this information to the charac-
tersonly ifaplayer succeeds in an Intelligence + Camarillaor
‘Sabbat Lore roll (difficulty 6). Seen in that light, Genevra's
interest in New York takes on a different tone, as New York
has only recently been liberated from Sabbat control

If the characters check into her Embrace story, they will
need someone old enough to remember her induction into
the clan (see Children of the Inquisition —available for free
download atthe White Wolf Web site— for the full story, but
the salient points can be found in the Introduction). There
reno Boston Giovanni of that age, s0 the characters' best bet
{stocall someone in Europe. It takes full night of checking,
but they will finally discover that Genevra was Embraced by
del Georgio immediately following his wife's death by hunt-
‘rs, while he slept peacefully in the next room. This should
make the characters a bit suspicious.

LucGace

‘Asmentioned above, Genevra's luggage —two suitcases
and a trunk — was delivered to the Hornsby Hotel. The
characters can retrieve the luggage easily (the night help is
‘easily bribed or Dominated).

The suitcases contain clothes and sundries. Genevra
travels with a full makeup and toiletries kit, even with
feminine hygiene products just tokeep upappearances. Also
in the suitcases are books on New York: maps, travel guides.
‘etc. Subway routes are marked and highlighted, as are some
passages on certain nightclubs. It should be obvious that
Genevraisnota frequent visitor to New York. Another thing
the characters might notice is that there iso contact person
forherin New York mentioned anywhere. Itscemsthete were
no arrangements for Genevra's arrival in New York a all

The trunk, however, contains the real prizes. Genevrais
‘no fool. and has rigged the lock on the trunk. If it ix not

‘Nuon Muara


‘opened with the proper key, it sel-ignites, destroying the
contents. The key is in her attache case (see below). A
character attempting to open it must rip the lid off the trunk
in one fell swoop (requiring a Strength + Potence total of 5),
after which the lid will burst into flames (hopefully not
setting the room on fire). The lock can be picked, but it
requires four successes on a Dexterity + Security rol (dif
culty 7, only one chance).

Inside the trunk are dozens of books. Some of them are
printed, some are handwritten. Few of them are in English,
and those are decoys; they contain only fantastic stories and
trumped-up rituals, nothing of real value. In truth, only seven
of the books (all of which are handwritten) are useful

Six of them are notes that Genevra has taken over the
years. They are all in Italian, presenting a character with a
flair for Linguistics an invaluable opportunity to study the
language. More importantly, these books contain Genevra's
studies of Necromancy. Any character who studies these
books can make significant progress in his own knowledge.
the Discipline. In game terms, ifa character is attempting to
learn any level of the Sepulchre Path, the Bone Path or the
first three levels of the Ash Path, she may roll Intelligence +
‘Occult of Research, difficulty 7. Every success reduces the
coxts to buy of raise the Discipline by one experience point
Additionally, all of the Necromantic rituals presented in
‘Vampire: The Masquerade are detailed here, plusany others
the Storyteller wishes to add

The seventh book is Genevra's diary (the latest volume
anyway). It begins in 1982 when she came to America. The
book has details on the movements of the American Sabbat
and ofseveral different witch hunters (thecharactersshoukda't
get too excited about this last bit; most of the hunters
Genevraknew arenow dead. Sullivan Dat pentioned
by name, but the death of a Caitiff in Washington D.C. is
noted as 40: "The work of a very skilled hunter. The victim
was quoted, before being found as a pile of ash, as saying she
had seen a man that she couldn't focuson, as though he we
a Nosferatu." This might sound vaguely fumiliae..). A che
acter reading this book carefully may learn up to two levels,
Sabbat Lore. Also, in the rughts before
she died), Genevra writes that she is to stop in Boston and
then continue to New York. where she will he contactel She
notes that she hopes to have time to make contact with
someone she refers to as "Max" — this note is written above
a circled area on the map. A character with Area Knowledge
(Boston) — which should he all of them, by now — knows
the circle area to be Chinatown. "Max," of course, is Max
Lowell, the head of Sabbat operations in the area (see
Dramatis Personae for mote details),

Tne Scene oF THE CRIM!

Reginald can lead the characters back to the site of
Genevra's demise. Francis, heady with the thnll of duablene
didn't bother to clean up after himself, Shotgun shells lve
strewn about. There ts also a pile of fabric full of a caked, wet

AON. To bvervont Wr Congas

103

substance with a crossbow bolt stuck in the middle of it
These are Genevra's clothes and ashes.

The lights in the tunnel are working, should the charac
ters think to check. Ifthey ask, Reginald will tell them, "Ob,
I think someone on my end put the lights out." Any character
who uses the Auspex power of Spirit's Touch on the scene
will see much what they saw before, just from a different
perspective. Using the poweron Genevra'sashes will give her
last few moments in first person. Unfortunately, she never
saw her killer; th

ght in her eyes prevented that
If any character noticed the a
dream, they may de

che case during the
itis worth pursuing. If they look
ter saw the hand that took it,
disfigured sewer-dweller was

ke too big a mental leap to

there. Ifa char
it should be obvious that son
responsible; ifno

it shouldn't

reach that conclusion,

The characters can wander around the subway looking
the crea they like; hopefully
own turfs impossible

fo

rein question for as lon

they w
even for another Nosferatu, letalone for a bunch of Giovanni.
Even Giovanni who know the sewers are tourists compared
to the Nosf

The Nosferatu in question calls himself Meathead. A
young vampire, Meathead saw the fracas, but decided (wisely)
‘not to interfere. He took the attache case, figuring that
fer it eventually. So, when the
characters begin searching, he follows them. He knows they

Finding a Nosferatu v

someone would come

wder until close
neffectively. If
-ady to leave

will want the case and is hoping they will w
to sunrise, s0 that they won't be able to barg:
they stand still and call forhim,orifthey make:
he will reveal himself

Meathead is aptly named. His flesh has not taken on the
bluish tintthathisclan'ssometimesdoes Ithasstayed pink and
Hoody. Meathead was thrown into the street by a bored gang
«and ended up with his face buried in the grille of an oncoming
car. His sire found him and decided to ce if there was enough
left to Embrace. There was, but he still looks like roadkill

Meathead knows very well what these pouple want, but

did not see Genevra's killer. He will bargain for the case
Money is not a big concern for him, but
especially about the state of Clan Giovanni. He asks them
the Necromancer: helped the
‘Camarilla reclaim New York (false); that theie wraith servi
torsprotect them from Assamite marauders (very false); and
that their clan's Antediluvian is till awake and le
clan (occasionally true, but the ¢
able to confirm it). He also asks who leads C
in Boston in the modem nights, which may or may not
tricky question.

Ifthe characters wish to obtain more information from
Meathead, he knows litte of real value. He does know that
the Prince of Boston has been mo
There are rumors that the Cam
replace hirn

nformation is,

to confirm rumors tha

gthe

ster won't really be

n Giov

be

‘Nuova Muara

104

Tue Attacue Case

The case is locked, but the characters could easily pry it
open. Inside are some directives on expansion of Genevra's
companies. Also inside are a pager, a cloth bag and two vials
of earth, and the key to her trunk (see above).

‘The papers will vell che characters what they probably
already know: the cities in which Genevra does business, and
her plans for expansion.

‘The pager has registered two new calls. One is seemingly
random senes of numbers. In fact, it ts a danger signal from one
of her wraiths (delivered too late, obviously). This "call" was
made several minutes before her death. The second call is from
a local number. If the characters call it back, a rough voice
answers. The characterscan come up with whatever excuse they
like for calling, but unless the mention Genevra's name, the
voice will hang up in a few seconds. This voice is Max Lowell.

Ifthey do mention Genevra, Max will agree tomeet with
them, but he wants to see the scene of the crime first, alone.
Once he does, he calls the characters and asks them to meet
‘him in Chinatown. See "Max," below.

The cloth bag contains a gold ring, a letter opener
‘encrusted with dried blood, and a button that says, "It's your
Hell...you burn in it!" These are Fetters for the wraiths that
Genevra keeps as thralls. If the characters wish, they could
use Necromancy — Reginald knows the names of wraiths:
They are Judith, Miguel, and Otto, respectively.

None of the wraiths will be very happy at being sum-
moned, and none of them was distressed to see Genevra die.
They were worried about their Fetters, however, and stayed
in the area. While their personalities differ tremendously
(and the Storyteller is free to develop these wraiths as much
as she wishes), they all know the same things. Genevra was
taking the subway to the Hornsby Hotel, and was pulled off
the platform by some goons in expensive suits, thrown into
the tunnels, and shot several times. She ran, but the goons:
caught up to her. The wraiths had planned to help her, but
there was sudden blast in the Shadowlands that forced them
away from the area. When they retumed, it was all over.

The wraiths are not interested in finding Genevr's
killer, but are vulnerable to Necromancy as long as the
characters have their Fetters. Depending an what the char-
acters decide todo, these wraiths may be free or may just have
changed masters. Reginald will uge thei freedom, and if the
Kindred keep the new wraiths, he will leave, if he is able.

The vials of earth are part of a ritual that Genevra was
researching. Since she never wrote the ritual down, however,
the earth is probably useless to the characters.

Max

‘The characters might discover who Max is by poking
through Genevra's luggage or her attache case, or they might
just make the connection between her and the Sabbat and
figure the local Sabbat might be a good place to check. In any

case both Meathead and Effie Feng know of Max and tell the
characters that he makes his haven in Boston's Chinatown,
While that might not seem like much ofa lead, Maxis well
known in Chinatown and it won't take much asking to find
him. If they go asking around, he eventually finds them and
‘motions them into and ally. Thete are several other figures in
the shadows. These are the Backwater Bastards, Max's pack.
Max isn't openly threatening. In fact, he is polite and
patient. Ifthey tell him of Genevra's fate, he grows agitated
He knows, but certainly will not reveal, that the Sabbat plan.
tomove on Boston soon and he wanted to work out somekind
of deal with her first. With Genevra dead, the Sabbat will
have no help from the Giovanni
Max knows nothing about whe killed he, bu he does
knowabitaboutdiablere. He tellsthe characters that Genevra
knew the basics of Protean, and if she was diablerise, i's
posible that her murderer does oo, ifony temporarily. He says
thee Disciplines gained this way are sckloun permanent, but
aren'teasy tocontrol either. "Ifyou finda good suspect, tur out
the lights and watch forthe red dots," he advises them.
‘The City Gangrel cant tell them much else, but he does
smakenoteof what they dowith the information. Itheyavenge
Genevra's death, or if they seem sympathetic at al, he might
parlay with them later during the wat. Their behavioe makes
‘even more ofa difference if one ofthe local Children of Isinc
is a Sabbat member, as Max will report this situation to her.

OTHER GIOVANNI

Andreas: If he is still alive, he doesn't respond well to
questioning. Anything that sounds remotely like an accusation:
ismet with anger, and Andreas is getting increasingly paranoid

Stephano: He actually has some good information, al-
though he doesn't know it. One of his wraiths regularly
commutes from Europe, and chats with other Giovanni
wraiths while there. One of them mentioned that Genevra's
"last stop was Boston. The wraith didn't think much of it,
and therefore didn't bother Stephano with this news. Ifthe
charactersquestion Stephano, about opinions about Genevra
‘or her origins, he summons that wraith to answer questions
about Europe. The wraith seems surprised to learn of het
death, and repeats the information. This tells the characters
that the higher-ups in clan Giovanni knew that Genevra was
going to die here.

Domenic: He knows nothing about the situation, and
wouldn't tak if he did

Jason Milliner: He refuses to discus it unless they give
him all the facts. He says this isto have aclear pictue; really,
he just wants to know what the hell is going on. If they tell
|him what they have found, he wonders aloud ifit might have
been an Assamite hit. This theory, while tempting red
herring, should be one the characters tejectsthe Assamitesdo
not normally have power over wraiths. In the face of this
information, Jason agreesit looks like an inside job. He has an
alibiforthat night, the doesnot know where his father was.

‘ACI To Evtrone Wo Conus

105

Francis Milliner: Francis takes their questions with a
minding them of the bygone days of Prohibition
and the first jobs they did for the family. He acts uncharac-
teristically jovial and pleasant, which should tip the
characters off. If any of them know Auspex 2, they may
perceive black veins in his aura. They pulsate through the
violets and purples like horrendous black maggots. The
characters have found theie killer.
none of them possess this power, Reginald does, but

waits until after the interview to reveal it (he does not know
the veins' significance).

Scene Five:
UNMASHINGTHE KILLER

The characters can stage thisany way they like. Theycan
try to get Milliner alone, they can gather all the Giovanni in
the area together, or do whatever they feel is appropriate.

How they choose tounmask Francis sale theirchoice. They
may shut the lights out and, as Max predicted, two tiny pinpricks
cof ed will appear. Thisis not proofin itself, bt because Geneva'
diary mentioned leaming the Discipline, it would make a good
point upon which to rest their case. They might also ask Andreas
oc another vampire who knows sufficient Thaumaturgy to "test"
Francis. The results here are clear as well — recent diablerie

They could also Dominate ot intimidate Francis
into giving thetr testimony, and Reginald could
wraiths into speaking out against him. Regardless, when the
truth is out, all that remains is what to do with it

Francis will quickly claim that he had permission from
getting through to Augustus isn't easy for anyone in America,
and Francis had promised never to discuss it. The other
consideration is why the death — even by diablerie — of a
Sabbat-loving traitor matters tall. In theend, the characters
stand to gain no credit for their work, and if they ery out for
justice or defend Genevra, they will lose oe.

The characters have scored one minor victory, however.
While thismayhave been sanctioned diablerie, it wasdiablerie
nonetheless. That will stain Francis in the eyes of Stephat

DiCarlo, and even his own son. His bid for power will have
to wait, and he will not forget — or forgive — the vampires
who delayed his rise.

Scene Sr: AFTERMATH

The characters may have discovered who killed Geneva,
and probably have very little to show for it. They might have
some knowledge, pethaps some new servants and contacts,
but they have learned how solid the clan truly is. If the
characters weren't paranoid before, this should do it. And

erie, some of them might

pires a little differently, especially if one of
them ts Marianna's childe.

Nuova Maar
106

Francis calls the characters to Augustus' attention. The
clan founder now knows of them, and he instructs that they
‘be watched. This is not so much out of fear or distrust, but he
feels there is something important about them. There is a
storm coming, and Augustus knows it

Part THree:
THe Devi's DEAL

Scene One: THe BREAK-IN

On a night when at least one character has no interac-
tion with other Giovanni, and preferably on a night when
‘one character (it must be a character who was booked in Act
U1) is off on his own entirely, a vaul in Stephano's house is
almost broken into, Apparently his ghouls manage tofrighten
the intruder off. Stephano has a friend or two in the police
department check for fingerprints and, lo and behold, they
find one. It belongs to that character who was off on his own
{and thus has no useful alibi). The Giovanni don't want one
of their own taken in by the police, but they certainly can't
allow this sort of behavior to go unchecked. Since one of the
players' characters ts apparently guilty, then all ofthe coterie
{sguilty by sociation. Thisis the final straw that splits apart
the characters from the Giovanni as a whol.

Note that the forgery was done by an identification
technician with the Boston police. She was smart enough to
hide the fingerprint card afterward so that her forgery could
not be detected. Even if she hadn't, however, none of the
Storyteller characters would have thought to check. This
technician is in the employ of one of the Children of Istac

FInoeRprint Forcer¥

Yes, it s possible to forge a fingerprint, and here's
how it's done. First of all, the person commiting the
forgery must be or know an wentifieation technician
with the police department involved in the case, and
she must be the technician working on the case.

‘Then. the technician photocopies the spec's finger:
reinteard Whilethephotocopy ssillhoe she fis thepeint
‘with fingerprint tape. She puts the tape down on the abject
the print is to be found on, and photographs it. Her explana-
‘bon w semple: She put the tpe there to protect the print.

‘There is only one way to defect the forgery, and an.
easy way to sty that. Every fingespine is diferent,
simply because of dferencesin position and peesure. ithe
fingerprints match the fingerprint card exactly, the police
‘know they have a forgery — although they'te unlikely to
think to look fo this. Also, ifthe aforementioned techni-
cian smart enough to get rid ofthe fingerprint card then
there's nothing to compare the fingerpeint to.

_ Brite wa, don't do this ileal all ll.

‘The troupeiswamed ofthe danger theyare inby Hank, who
‘may sill have something of a fondness for them. The warning
barely comes in time. The Storyteller should orchestrate this
scene however she fees will be most dramatic, but it should take
place somewhere such that the Giovanni shouldn'thaveknown
tobe thereat that time. The Giovanni come fr the characters,
bur the charactersare rescued by the Chikieen of lac. Itshoukl
be entirely evident tothe characters that theie chosces are todie
atthe hands of thei former associates (who aren't hokding back
at palling the trigger), or to go with their former enemies.

Just as the characters are being fired upon, one of the
‘Children arrives ina van (a young ghoul is driving) and yells
at the characters to get inside. The characters have just
‘enough time to look into the van and see that itis empty
(even to Auspex) before they have to make their decision. If
they delay too long oF try to go it on theie own, one of them
isshot down by aGiovanni with an automatic weapon. If this
characteris pulled into the van and given blood to drink he
will be allright, but ifthe characters stay, he will be shot
again, and he will die, relieved of most of his head. If the
characters still do not want to go with the elder, then one of
them sees Hank around a comer. Hank gestutes
character to get in the van.

Scene Two:Truce?

The ghoul drives like a maniac, eventually parking the
van inside of a warehouse. The rest of the Children of Isaac
are there, and they indicate that they aren't looking for a
fight. "Just grant our audienc me of them says soothingly,
"and then you can leave if you wish."

"The elders go on to explain that Cappadocia isin ton,
They attempe to explain the concept of a Spectre, but since
they have their explanation secondhand from Mananna (wh
been dead of gone for 27 years now), and the characters ha
some experience with Necromancy, they may well he preach.
ingtothe choir. Theytellthecharactersthat Cappadocia
isto destroy the Giovanni, They sty that they understand the
churactercmay now have any loyalty left for the
apologize for their mistake if anyon
Cappadocius won't make the distinc
now in dange foe two diffrent sides

I in chacncans wens 0b hoo tie tides Coen
them, one ofthe Chikiren explains tha they've been keep
wn eye on the characters, and that they h: op
contacts in the police department. This is where the charac:
son should fad cushions chit Bingurprioas chewing 6
‘Stephano's vault. One of the elders frowns; "How did they
find youso quickly? was sure they didn't know where yon'd
be at that time." As it happens the Giowanni were ripped off
tothecoterla'elacation by one of Cappo:
sidebar on Spectre cults); Cappadocius was hoping:
the characters and the Chien from getting

The Chiklren 0 on w explain that Mariana left then
sind that will poe Cappedocis' soul

(they
offense at this), but
‘The characters are

1s! followers (

Thre ave tw

AGINV: To Bvenont Wo Conquers

107

‘problems with this, however. One is that they're having trouble
figuring out Marianna'soften-oxkd wording, and the other isthat
from what they can tell sofa, the ritual will gornuch faster ifthey
have the help of someone who knows Necromancy. Since
Marianna ts dead, that leaves the player' characters.

Hacer me
The characters have little reason to trust the Childeen,
and the Children know this. Therefore, they've come tot
hangaining table with a few other goodies. If the vampires
doean't yet know who's been setting them up, then the
Children offer to tell them: "Afterall, we've been watching
you for years. You think we don't know who's been betraying
your" They ako offer to help them try to repaie their reputa-
on ("We know your ddtn't do thae break: in. We can hand
you the person who set you up," — the technician). They
imply with their words (*betraying," "set you up") that the
characters have been ruined by a Giovanni or someone else
close to them, but they never actually say 0. On top of thi
they tellthe characters that both Sabbat and Camarilla forces
Prepare to enter the city, and that with the help of the
Children, the Giovanni will be much more likely tocome out
on top of t on. [fall else fails, the Children will offer
to translate the tablets from Act I

Options

The coterie has several choices they can make. They can
ally with the Children, help to put Cappadocias to rest, and be
hunted by the Giovanni astraitors. They canattempt toturn the
‘Cikren over to the Giovanni somehow, regaining some of
their tattered reputation inthe proces, and watch Cappadocius
destroy Boston. Or, they can let the Children continue to hunt
‘Cappadociason their own, remain fugitives from the Giovanni,
and watch a good deal of Boston bum around them,

I the coterie seems uncertain, orf they refuse, one of the
‘Children gives them a business card with only a phone number
‘on it, and tells them to go. "Watch, and see what happens in
the coming nights. Once you have seen what Cappadocius has
planned, call us. We will welcome your help then."

Scene THREE:

MaAkinGaA CHoice

I che troupe chooses to remain on the run fromeveryone
and langely independent, they will find unlife tobe extremely
difficult. The Giovanni hunt them relentlessly. Their havens
are being watched, as well as their businesses, and their
partners and employees have been told not to apeak to them
{and to call the Giovanni if they see the characters). Even
tually their only option should be to return to the Children,
cr utter, abject flight from Boston. Before they do either,
however, something else happens: Go to"A Demonstration
cof Power." The Storyteller may also choose to begin the
Sabbat-Camarilla invasion while the characters are fugitives.

the characters attempt totum the Children over to the
Giovanni, they will need w be very circumspect about if; the

Giovanni won't believe anything the characters tell them,
afterall. Hank might be willing to help the characters. Only
‘one or two ofthe Children can be captured, and the rest will
0 on working to put Cappadocius to rest. This simply means
that it will take even longer, and more damage will be done
‘The capture of one or more of the Children of sane will help
the characters case with the Giovanni, bur it will by no means
erase the past. The characters will, once more, be atthe bottom
‘ofthe totem pole one of them wasin charge atthe beginning
‘of the act, then they've been deposed by Jaton Milliner.

If the characters agree to work with the Children, then
goto "OF Ritual and War."

A DemonstRation or Dower

‘One or more of the troupe step into a trap without
realizing i; ewo Giovanni and a ghoul have them surrounded.
Evenif the charactershave theirenemies outnumbered they're
likely tolose atleast one of their number, because the Giovanint
are very well armed and have the advantage of surprise. Just as
‘one of the characters sees lase-sight cross her chest, the dot
jiggles violently and disippears. A strangled scream is heard
from the direction of the sniper, a ghoul. The two Giovanni
franc and start shooting from behind their cover, one charac
ter takesa bulletin his lft shoulder. Then something jerks the
arm of one of the Giovanni (the work of a Spectre), and he bits
his compatriot with a spray of bullets. He stops in shock and
‘runs to his companion's side. If the characters don't killl him
themselves, then several well-placed sniper bullets do (che
work of one of Cappadocius' mortal followers).

‘A translucent form shrugs into being standing over the
corpse's body; he has a look of ecstasy on his face and he
shuxlders slightly. His skin is stained with blood and in some
places is almost disintegrating; bone and sinew can be seen
beneath. One of his eyes isa bleeding mass in his head. Ifthe
characters haven't already fled, then they se a spasm of pain
«ross his face, and he covers his ears with his hands. "I'm
‘coming; I return already." He turns and walks away, fading
from view as he does so.

OrRrtuaLanp WaR

‘There isa fair amount of information to be presented in
the rest of this act, so here is the form it will take:

* A section on the war; strengths and weaknesses (and
fatal flaws) for the various sides.

* A section on the ritual; major points of the ritual, its
design, and its eects.

* A timeline to lay out which aspects of the war and
ritual should happen in specific order; the timeline can be
tailored to an individual chronicle.

THE WAR

Numbers and down-to-the-minute strategies are not
provided because the strengths of the various sides and how
the war plays out should be tailored ta the chronicle's nerds
and the characters' abilities and preferences. Some of the

Now Mauama


characters should come out the other side of this war with
their unlives intact. Ifthe players don't like combat, then the
Storyteller should concentrate on the ritual and have thém
primarily deal withthe effects of the war. Ifthe players aren't
‘good strategists butenjoy combat, then the Storyteller should
have them encounter the street-level of the war rather than
the high strategy. This war might best be played by presenting
number of representative scenes rather than the entirety of
the strategies, strengths and weaknesses. Ifthe players would
rather be involved in the entire thing, then the Children of
Isaac can provide fairly detailed information about what is
sgoing on. They don't know everything, however. If the
Storyteller wishes to involve the characters in the Giovanni
part of the war, then she could allow them to regain the good
sraces of the Giovanni by helping them out in the war. (See
the section "Getting Back in the Good Graces," below.)

Tne Sannat

‘The Sabbat arc strcngthcned by war. They perform the
Vaulderie more often, strengthening the bonds of loyalty
between them. They create more childer in large quantities.
They donot have as much care for the notice of mortals asthe
Camarilla does; they don't want to end up being hunted, but
neither do they prance around trying to avoid the least
notice. Young Sabbat are not usually as afraid of Final Death
as their Camarilla counterparts. The Sabbat fully expect to
lose lange numbers of their people during wartime. They use
terrorist tactics, perfectly happy to cause indiscriminate casu-
alties among innocent bystanders. On top of this, they have
4 patient and cunning leader in Max Lowell.

This docs not mean that the Sabbat are without their
flaws and vulnerabilities, however. Some of the imported
Sabbat havea hard time seeing Max asa good Sabbat leader;
afterall, he keeps company with mortals and isn't as lamboy-
antly nasty asmany Sabbat. Thisundermines Max'sleadership,
until he has the chance to make a few examples and prove his
ability. After Max's lover is drained dry by a newly arrived
Sabbat pack, he kills the pack's leader in a very quick and
decisive conte, and replaces him with someone he trusts
from his own pack (which has come in from Maine to help).

When the Sabbat first arrive in Boston, it takes them a
litte time to realize that the Giovanni have mucked with one
‘of thetr message posts (see the section on the Freedom Trail
in the Appendix). In the meantime, troops and supplies get
a little lost, and one pack walks right into an ambush.

Max is required as the archbishop of the city to keep an
‘oasis and parish for the Sabbat; this is what the Blue Pearl
becomes. This means that the Sabbat are concentrated in
‘Chinatown. This makes them difficult to attack because they
have the advantage of numbers, but it also makes them easy
to find once their location becomes known.

‘Unfortunately for the Sabbat, one of their members who
arrives from out of town is an Infernalist, a follower of the
Path of Evil Revelations. Eventually the Sabbat catch on to
this, and waste valuable time and resources trying to hunt

down the Infernalist. When one pack gets too close to
figuring out the woman's identity, she leaks the location of
that pack's haven to the police; thanks to an Inquisition
‘presence among the local law enforcement (see Actlll), most
‘ofthe police even make it out alive, Owing tothe Giovanni's
ties to the police and the mayor, they find out about the
incident, and realize that the vampires are congregating in
Chinatown. The Giovanni spark off crime wave in the area
‘using mortal gangs, forcing the mayor to set a curfew. The
police and Inquisition members in the area are of limited
effectiveness against the Sabbat, but they do make a dent.

Unfortunately forthe Sabbat, they end up killin Lillian the
high priestes ofthe Spectre cult. The cult, as revenge-minced as
itis sectheisiehtson Chinatown. Theie Spectre alliesdn' cae
about the death of a mortal, but they can occasionally be con-
vinced to help kil afew vampires in the name of ooh.

Max deliberately provokes relations between the
Giovanni and the Camarilla, making certain that the
Camarilla will not be able to sit, watch, and wait until
‘everyone else is weakened. Unfortunately, the Giovanni do
thesame between the Sabbat and the Camarill and scon it's
a big, hellish shitstorm of a free-for-all

Tne CAMARILLA

‘The Camarilla have the benefit ofa sound strategist on
their side. He's willing to use some of the Sabbat'sown tactics
against them, such as creating new childer to throw at the
other side and relaxing the Masquerade rules temporarily
‘The problem with this is that the Camarilla who previously
held the city are going to be more than alittle shocked and
‘offended by this. Yong-Sung will hide it from them as long as
posible —he trusts hisown people to keep their mouths shut
— but he can't keep it from them forever.

Pug Jackson will happily help out the new Ventnvc for a
while; be'spleased to finally be doing something about the Sabbut
and Giovanni in the area. However, even Yong. Sung can't be
charming all the time, and eventually Pug is reminded once too
‘often that Yong:Sungisa Ventrue anal that the Ventrue enslaved
him after he was Embraced. At that point, Pug sears feding
information to Quentin King and the Six (see Dramatis Perso
nae). Chang isn't stupid, 10 he realizes fairly quickly what's
happening, and sets Pug up to be killed by the Sabba

‘Quentin King sat firs frozen with his usual indecision.
Hewants to retain control over Boston, but he fears to stand
Up against Yong-Sung. He's been a puppet for so long that
he doesn't know how to stop any more. The Six. still
convinced that King has been ensorcelled, and now con-
vinced that Yong-Sung is the one who ensorcelled him,
believe Chang to be a worse problem than the Giovanni.
After all, the Giovanni are simply merchants, and thus
beneath notice. Two of the Six set up a meeting with
Stephano. They make adeal with him — they will feed him
information on Yong-Sung and his people (his people only
—they would not betray the original Camarilla of Boston)
‘on two conditions. One, that the Giovanni also act on any

ACI: To Brorore Who Conners

10

‘nformation the Six can bring them about the Sabbat. Two,
that once Boston is cleaned up, the Giovanni allow the
previous resident Camarilla to remain unmolested if they
wish. The Six plan to convince King to move to another
city, but they do not want the rest of King's subjects to be
forced to leave. Stephano agrees — he knows the Giovanni
‘can handle a handful of Camarilla, especially since their
numbers are likely to be lessened by war. He is also mote
than pleased to take any information the Six can give him
about the Sabbat, as well as Chang.

Perhaps Chang's worst problem, however, sCappadocius,
his Spectres, and his cult. Cappadocius has had more than
500 years to find out who was behind the Conspiracy of Isaac
and all the other problems that led up to his death. He knows,
that the Ventruc, and Lady Jadviga in particular, played a
lange hand in events. Because of this, Cappadocius and his
followers are going to make life Hell for Chang (Jadviga's
srandchilde) and his people.

‘Tne Giovannt

The Giovanni's biggest problem is the sheer number of
‘opponents they face. The Camarilla are being led by a
‘competent commander, are the Sabbat. Cappadocius him-
selfis coming for them. However, they don't have the loyalty

problems that the other two groups have, and they have the
home turf advantage.

‘The Giovanni will do their best to make sure the Sabbat

and Camarilla spend most of their time fighting each other.

Ifthe Giovanni find out from the Six that Chang is going to,
attack one of their warehouses, then they leak information to
the Sabbat that the Giovanni are meeting in that place at
that time, and sit back to watch the fur fly.

The Giovanni may be Cappadocius' favored target, but
they have other advantages in that arena. Theie wraiths may
ultimately not be a match for the Spectres, but they can slow
them down and divert them for a while. The Giovanni figure
‘out Cappadocius' hatred for the Ventrue fairly quickly, and
we it to their best advantage. Cappadocius' Spectres are very
‘hasty creatures, and they're easily distracted by the prospect
‘of death and carnage, no matter whose it is. Cappadocius will
also be distracted by the antics of the Children of Isaac.

Cappanocius, His Spectres, ann tHe Curr

‘Cappadocius' biggest problem isthe mulkitude of enemies
laid out upon his table. Who to stare with? Every time his

people start in on one group, someone gets distracted by
other group Spectresaren't exactly easy tolead.sothe group
them tendsto get fractured. One Spectre will goafter Chang
‘hile another workson the Children of lsc and athird chases
4 Giovanni. They don't tend to be very effective that way.
Moxtly they end up heing thoms in everybody's sides.
‘THe Crit Ren or Isaac
The Children are primarily concemed with the ritual. If
{ts necessary in order to convince the troupe to work with

them, they will feed them information on the war. However,
theChildrenhave not forgotten theirenmity with the Giovanni.
‘They will, when possible, attempt to harm the Giovanni, or
help the Giovanni's enemies — but only if they're absolutely
certain they can getaway with it without losing the help of the
troupe. Ultimately, whatever efforts they can muster will not
be enough to bring the Giovanni down.

Outcomes

Finally, the Giovanni remain the dominant influence in
Boston. The Sabbat eventually realizes the city isn't worth
the trouble (Max getsin a last*I told youso"). If Max survives
through the eventsthen he remains behind in his old position
‘once more; unfortunately for him, Chinatown is faitly well
wrecked by the Sabbat' prolonged presence in the area, and
his lover ended up as someone's dinner. Max's former sup-
porters are less than happy with him.

Chang is killed by Cappadocius when Cappadocius is
logged closer to the mortal world (sce the section on the
ritual, below). Chang's people, bereft of his leadership, frac-
ture and scatter, eventually leaving Quentin King in control.
‘Quentin allows the Six to convince him to leave Boston well,
‘enough alone and departs post-haste. Some of the Camarilla
who resided in Boston to begin with are dead; Pug Jackson is
killed in the fighting. Elsa, with the help of a Giovanni art
fanatic (Susanna DiCarlo), fights off a Sabbat attack and
decides to remain.

Cappedocius is "laid to rest" by the Children of Isaac,
with orwithout the coterie'shelp. The difference isthis: Ifthe
characters help, Cappadocius is laid to rest much sooner, and.
the Giovanni have fewer casualties. The difference ismarked;
theChildren really doneed the Kindred'shelp. The Children,
don't fare very well either way; ifthe coterie helps them, then,
«a couple of them die by the end of the act. If the coterie
doesn't help, then most or all of them die.

While the Giovanni remain in control, this doesn't
mean they come out of things unscathed. If the characters
help the Children of Isaac, then the Giovanni take some
losses, but they come out relatively intact. If the coterie
doesn't help the Children, then the Giovanni take signifi-
cant losses by the end of the act. Jason Milliner dies, as does
Andreas if he's still alive. The Giovanni in the area are still
‘viable, but barely. At the end of the act more Giovanni are
called in from out of town to help fill holes in the infrastruc
ture of the local clan. Several members of the troupe should
bbe dead by the end of this act.

Tue Rrtuac

Tue Porrorlt Att

Recame Cappadocine has no Fetters and cannot come
close to the mortal world without a great deal of effort (in
‘Wraith terms, he cannot enter the Shadowlands), he is very
dificuletoafect. The point of the ritual istodrag Cappadocius
inte the Shadowlands, and then lay his soul to rest

‘Nuova Marna


Manrianna's Rituat

‘One problem with the ritual Marianna researched is that
she was expecting to be around to use it. Therefore, Marianna
used a number of terms which the Children of Isaac are
having problems with (she has traveled a great deal). For
‘example, she uses "Yin worlds" to describe the lands of the
dead. In this particular case, the characters can get help from.
Effie Feng. Yong-Sung Chang might also know what it
means, but he's much less likely to tell the characters. The
Storyteller can make this as simple as what is above, oF as
complex as he desires. The characters might find themselves
spending most of the war conducting research in order to
interpret the ritual.

Cappanocnis' New Rest Frrexn,

‘Once the ritual has been cleatly interpreted, it's time to
0 to work. Fist of all, it i necessary to make it possible for
Cappadocius to enter the Shadowlands. The characters can
achieve this by finding a wraith servitor with the ability to
affect other wraiths' Fetters. This wraith must be compelled
to give Cappadocius a temporary Fetter. The Children can
provide the location of a member of Cappadocius' cult; they
recommend that another few wraiths follow the cultist until
they see a Spectre, then follow the Spectre to Cappadocius:
then Cappadocius must be tricked into entering the

Shadowlands (giving Cappadocius « temporary Fetter re-

quitestouchinygboth Cappadociusand the object at the same

time). This isn't an easy task. The Chikiren give the wraiths
58 10 what (0 say to make Cappadocius angry
come into the Shadowlands,

Note: f the coterie does not help the Children, then the
Children must convince a number of wraiths to help them,
without the benefit of being able to summon of compel them,
This is why it takesso much longer to accomplish, why more
of the Children end up dead,and why much mote damage is
done if the characters aren't helping then. Ifthe characters
aren't helping, then the Children should make occasional
appearances throughout the rest of the act as they attempt
byone, the Chikren di

Once Cappaddoc
wall give him the Fet

ts where he needs to be, the wraith,

asdocius will destroy
wal, the Fevter must

Fetter does not guarantee
the characters mastery over him. Cappadocius has a Will-
Power of 10 and the Fetter only has a rating of 1, so the
charactets ate fairly ikely to fail f they attempe to summon

uat Tiserr
al can beasco
desires, proubly depending on how i
become in the war. It is som of a slapdash exorek

ritual. with chants anal

‘worldliness, almost any ritual tradition might be worked into.
it. Pethaps she studied feng shui, in which objects must be
placed in particular arrangements in order to have a desired
effect. Maybe the chants call upon God and all the angels to
cast out the spirit of Cappadocis, Pethaps she staied some
Crowley, and the ritual involves candles, bells, incense and
a sword. Cappadocius' cult will try to stop the characters,
tight up until Lillian is killed by the Sabbat, at which point
they forget about everything except their own revenge
Cappadocius' Spectres, however, wll still bea problem; they
don't care about a mortal' death.

Some of the elements of the ritual should be specific
tothe time period. For example, the ritual requites that the
troupe and the Children surround Cappadocius and say "1
command thee to depart and return to the turning of the
Wheel; and may God send thee upon thy proper journey"
with one voice. But if the characters cannot compel
Cappadocius to remain in one place. thiscannot obviously
be done. However, it might be rightly guessed that
‘Cappadocius s within the city limits. The characters may
go to the city limits, and use cell phones to say the phase
"with one voice."

‘Cappadocius may be more vulnerable because of his new
Fetter, but he also has more freedom. Before the characters
put him to rest, he'll kill Yong-Sung Chang. He'll abo killone
or more of the characters and the Chikiren. Ultimately, «
good 50% of the troupe and Children should die unless
they're particularly clever about things. At the ending of the
ritual, Cappadocius will kill his new Fetter in an at

free — such isthe will of the Antediluvians
will not be soon enough, and the ual will be successful.

AFTERMATH

Toeveryone who conquers, Iwill give permission
the tree of life that is im the paradise of God.
Revelations 2:7

GernoBackin ie Ge
ting back in with the Giovanni is pro
most on the characters' minds in Act IV. This «
accomplished with some hard wotk, and the
ber of things the characters might try. Fin
Hovanni out during
back up. They
to the Giovanni about Sabbat or Can
(the characters could get some of this themsetve
through various contacts, or they might squceze # out ot
dren of Isaac). The Gio

at

Graces
yf

» obvious the information was
in whom the tips came from.

"ct. Then he wohl

ACTIV: To Exton Wi Conquers

‘The characterscould help out inthe trenches. IfGiovanni
‘on the street are rescued by the characters, especially if it
happens more than once, the characters are going to start
looking much better.

‘The Chikden, true to theit word, wil tll the charac-
ters after the ritual that they were the ones who set the
troupe up to look bad. They'll even leton that they were the
‘ones who arranged for the fingerprint forgery. Ifthe charac-
ters request it, the Children will indicate which technician
did the forgery (they don't care about her life). The troupe
could use her (and the fingerprint card she's hidden) to
prove to Stephano that they weren't the ones who tried to
break into his vault

AAs the Children are greatly reduced in numbers. the
characters could set them up after gaining back a little of the
Giovanni's confidence. Proving the existence of the elders
would certainly help the troupe's case especially if Stephano
isin charge.

The Storyteller should allow the characters to be cre-
ative in finding other waysto impressthe Giovanni and prove
their loyalty.

Wuo'six Cuarce?

Andreas was in charge atthe beginning ofthe Act, he
‘sno longer. Either he was killed (by Cappadocius servants?
bythe Sabbat?by the Camarilla'), ore wasdeposed. Andreas

may have been a force to be reckoned with, but he was no
longer fit to be a wartime leader. If Andreas was deposed or
destroyed, then Jason is in charge now.

If Jason was in charge by the beginning of the Act, then
either he looks very good for having brought the Giovanni
through this mess more or less intact, or he was killed (if the
troupe decided not to help the Children of Isaac). If Jason was
killed, then Stephano is in charge.

If Stephano was in charge to begin with, then he still
is. He is somewhat shocked by the sheer devastation
around him, but he is up to the challenge and does
everything he can to get the Giovanni back on their feet.
He isn't too shy to call for outside reinforcements if the
troupe refused to help the Children and Cappadocius'
havoc outstripped the war.

fone of the characters started out in charge. then Jason
is now in command of the Giovanni. The character will not
get her old position back; even if the characters have gotten
back into the good graces of the Giovanni, they aren't trusted
enough for that yet.

Furtier Stories

The Giovanni have most of an empire to rebuild. Those
characters who yet remain are going to have to reestablish
{good relations with many of their former partners; after all,
they dropped off of the map and word was put out that they
were off limits. Some businesses were caught in the crossfire
during the war and will need to be rebuilt. Damage control


will need to be done on a much wider scale, as the Sabbat and
‘Camarilla weren't particularly discreet during the war. The
police and mayor are going to be ill disposed toward the
Giovanni fora while, as are a number of other people. A fair
rnurmber of small adventures could revolve around reestab-
lishing good relations with various people, and perhaps
finding ways to put people in debt to the Giovanni again.

Cappadocius' cult may still be wandering around
somewhere if the Sabbat didn't finish them off. If the
Storyteller worked in something of a millenialist scare in
the beginning of this act, then that could really begin to
take off now. The cult could well ind another "sponsor"
anda new high priest or priestess, or stay with some of the
other Spectres that had been working for Cappadocius if
they're still around.

The Giovanni will need to replace some of their wraith,
servitors a handful of them were destroyed ot driven away by
the Spectres. The locals may well be catching on tothe danger
the Giovanni present, so this could be harder than it sounds.

Several players in the group are likely to need new
characters. Pethaps in an attempt to bolster the flagging
‘numbers of Giovanni in the city, the remaining characters
Embrace some younger Giovanni.

If Domenic and Antonio weren't killed during the war,
they could still present something of a challenge for the

troupe. Perhaps it's time forthe characters toface their rival,
and finally vanquish them.

The tablets are still out there, and the Children may
hhave even agreed to translate them for the characters in
return for their help. Check out Clanbook: Giovanni for
more information about what the Giovanni are trying to do
with the information contained on the tablets.

Max Lowell is probably still around and kicking. He isn't
‘particular threat in and of himself, but the Giovanni may
decide that they don't like having a Sabbat spy around. Also,
pethaps some of the transient Sabbat or Camarilla who came
to help out with the war don't want to leave. They aren't
listening to their superiors, who don't want them causingany
‘more trouble in Boston. They just want revenge for what they.
see as their total humiliation at the hands of the Giovanni.

‘What will become of the burgeoning friendship between
Susanna and Elsa? Is Elsa being swayed to the Giovanni side
‘of things, oF ic Susanna hecoming sympathetic ro the
‘Camarilla's view of the world?

Any number of plots remain to be explored in the world
of the Giovanni Chronicles. The examples above ae just that:
‘examples. More plot ideas can be found in almost any World
of Darkness book that could be applied to the current situation,
as well asin character descriptions and the Appendix of this

book. This story is yours now: Do with it what you will!

‘AcrIN: To Evtrone Who Conqucrs

113


This chapter includes the Traits and Storytel
a Malattia. Sever
the characters below only have background information,

vices for the cast of characters in

wytellers should int
the story rather than relying
a as to say beiny

make concess
lely on what Madame Te

mplete character

Trait scores have
Celerity 1/2/3/3, it mean

f the book. Where a score is given presented as of his fa

Celerity in Act I. two

Dewars Prisons
us

GIOVANNI

AnpReAsGiovannt, Capo pr Tutti Capt
Background: The

iny Sicilian town, He was i
sof the family
ly awate of vampires, g

Kiss, which he refused ur

ed to teflect the character's development over In 1716, Andreas finally

et Il, and s9.0n the human mind, possessions, sex and anythin


ported to be demonically inspired. He had a great deal of
trouble accepting that an evil being lurked in a dark,
burning pit sending people impulses and changing ordi-
nary folks into murderers and rapists. Afterall, godly men
fell from grace while pagan people did just fine when they
were left alone. He finally came to the conclusion that
people were simply afraid. They set rules for themselves
that they couldn't possibly follow, swore allegiance to a
king they'd never met or some totally improbable deity,
and then wondered why they were miserable. Andreas
Giovanni laughed at mortal minds and decided he'd had
‘enough of fear. He renounced human nature and vowed to
spend his life quietly trying to perfect his own condition,
and to see what he could do to "perfect" others. It was this
decision, and his unwavering contempt of fear, that at-
tracted him to the attention of Lucretia Giovanni.

The Embrace didn't change Andreas much; he con-

tinued studying people and wraiths, the vampiric

condition, the human condition, etc. As a vampire,
however, he was able to truly refine his Necromancy, and
made leaps and bounds in that field as well. He was

amazed to discover that mortal foibles amplified tremen
dously in death, so he set about applying his study to
wraiths. Such a skilled scholar and Necromancer who
was also a superb financier and leader to boot could
hardly escape the notice of the clan, however

In 1920, he was sent to Boston to aid the resident
Giovanni. They acknowledged him as a leader quickly,
and when the former head of was slain ina
in 1921, Andecas assumed Jeadership of the
family's interests. He immediately reassigned or disposed
of the former don's minions and instituted his own.

Stephano Giovanni, the don's grandchilde, was the only
one he kept.

‘Image: Andreas is a slender Italian man with olive skin,
a thin goatee and a cherubic smirk on his face — for the
cameras. Andreas easily adopts a mask, be it to fool reporters,
seduce a vessel or parlay with the Prince of Boston. He favors
expensive suits and loves the glamour being a Mafioso brings.
He also wonders what will happen to that glamour when
Prohibition ends, as he is sure it will.

Roleplaying Hints: You consider yourself a pioneer of
psychology, another Freud or Jung, except without the limi-
tations of mortality (or cocaine). You can (and did) study
what effectsa childhood encounter with a monster will have
fon an adult — and on that adult's children, and their
children, and so forth. The scientific possibilities are unlim-
ited! Pity you'll never be published._

You are curious about — even obsessed with — sex
and death. All cultures have taboos on these subjects —
why? You never feared death and always found sex natu-
ral, with either gender. You miss it sometimes, but you
can still draw pleasure from a partner who wants some-
thing new and different. Such partners are getting harder
to find, however.

Behind the scientist, however, isa brilliant financier and
Necromancer. You serve the clan with all your considerable
ability, confident chat eventually, the Shadowlands and the
living world will merge, and then what games you'll play! The
cone thing that frightens you, however, is Marianna. For some
reason, the rogue Giovanni's name tends to crop up in your
interrogations of older wraiths. You've been threatened more
than once with otherworldly terrors by irate wraiths, but the
frequency of these worries you.

Clan: Giovanni

Nature: Manipulator

Demeanor: Deviant

‘Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1754

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Sire: Lucretia Giovanni Capriccio

Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5 Manipulation 4 Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 4 Wits 3

Talentst Alertness 2, Beawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Expres
sion 3, Grace 2, Intimidation 4, Intuition 3, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 3, Style 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Body Crafts 2/2/3/3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2/2/3/3,
Penforimamne 1

Knowledges: Academics 3, Area Knowledge (Boston) 3/4/4/
5, Enigmas 2, Finance 5, Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics
(English, French) 2, Occult 4, Politics 3, Psychology 4
Disciplines: Auspex 2/2/3/3, Celerity1/1/2/2, Dominate 3/4)
4/4, Fortitude 2, Necromancy 5, Potence 2/3/3)3, Presence I,
Vicisitude 2/3/3/3

Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 5, Ash Path 3, Bone
Path OVO/1/2

‘Nuova Maia


Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Influence 2/3/4/5, Re-
sources 4, Retainers 5, Fame 2 (Act | only)
Virtues: Conscience 2/2/1/0, Self-Control 4/4/4/3, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 4/4/3/1
Derangements: Megalo
‘noia, if he survives to Act IV)
Willpower: 8/8/8/6
StepHano Giovanni,
THE COUNCILOR AND SERGEANT

Background: The Giovanni line spawned Stephano
in 1755 to calthy branch of the family. He

about the source of his relatives'

Nymphomania (and Para

ind he didn't
o find ways

upall they had...and
those who could give more

nearly 40 years as a ghoul. He enjoyed the power it bestowed
asaboy, he'd been too weak physically to put his plans into
effect directly. Now, asa pretemnaturally strong boy, he could
do so with thailling results,
Then, in the year 1800, Stephano was captured. He
never stated who his cap
vvampyres and th

only thar they were ne
1nd plots that far outshone
in their custody for only a few months,
the Blood to wear off. When he was
he was a boy of 16. He left as an
Stephano professed to have to
whom he simply called the "Guild"
found and

questioned him also Embraced him. Stephano spent the next

100 years in Rome, studying the occult and rebuilding his
body. In the year 1901, he left for America. He came to work
in Boston, where he discovered that Raoul Giovanni, his
‘grandsire, was the resident dom

In Boston, he was in charge of strong-arm tactics and
leg-breaking until Raoul died in 1921. When Andreas
took over, Stephano was the only member of the former
"organization he kept. Stephano considers this an honor
and, despite creative differences with Andreas, serves
him faithfully

Image: Stephano is a distinguished older ge
He almost always wears gray suits, crisply pressed
perfectly tailored. He refuses to use a cane of any
which would reflect his apparent age; in many
thinks himself a young man. He has silvery hai
white moustache

Roleplaying Hints: Although your blood is not as
ure as some. you have proven yourself to this family time
and and you will continue to do so. Resting
laurels is repugnant to you; immortal b
idle, as madness follows that route. You
commanding with underlings, and have no time for beat
ng around the bush ot for old wives' tales. One

disputes with Andre

her aid
vs, he still
ind a thick

fe stern and

a plot of two of that egotistical bastard, Ambrogino, and
he spun them all out of proportion. Of course, as Andreas

grandchilde, he would never

Nature: Director

ipulation 2/2/3/3, Appearance 2

3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
# Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Doxk

dation 4, Leadership 2/2/3/3, Streetwise 3, 5

Skills: £

1222, Se

Knowledges: Finance

cult 3

Disciplines: Do

2/2)3, Potence 3] IRDA

Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 1/2/2/3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Influence 2, Resources

vi

Morality

Willpower

2/2/2/3, 1 tes (English) 1, Oc

3/3/4]5, Fortitude 2, Necromancy 1

3,Retainens4

ques: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Dewars Pasonat

"7

Paut DiCario, tHe ALPHA
on, childe of S

Nature: Survivor

12th Generat hano Giovanni

Demeano

Embrace: 1930

Apparent Age: early 40s
DiCarlo was bor in It aries of the Old
1903. His
illiant and highly moral man, was wooed by the
Giovanni family as a contact in the local police, but refused
hood memoriesof his mother beg
his father take work with them soth ki buy food, and

his father refusinygon moral grounds. T pese thoughts

ly but has few me
Country. His family immigrated to New York in

father, a

them. Paul hasvague

rmake Paul physically ill, simply from association.

P Jin 1909 of influenza. Paul worked from
that point on, at whatever jobs he could get. This included
working for the

for bangaining and seat bi

'sfathe

anni family, who recognized his talent

a
Proxy Kiss until after he was married
and had a family. Stephano Giova
talented lawyer was a cousin to bi
removed, and adkmired his strength 3
things. Paul was made a ghoul a
player' characters. He és Embraced shortly thereafter.

Paul isslightly over six feet tall and very thin, though not
morbidly so. His once-black hair is graying, but his face

to law sch
Paul wasn't given th
i discovered that this

albeit several times
realistic approach to
atter of weeks before the

‘emains young. Like many "professional" Giovanni, he wears
tailored suits and silk ties.

Paul's demeanor changes a bit in the shift from ghoul to
vampire. He has blinding, nigh-uncontrollable urges to Em.
‘brace his entite family so that they don't change; he knows,
however, asa father, how cruel that would be toa child. Paul's
‘niece, Susanna, is the only one he chooses to Embrace (in Act
1V). Paul isa gentleman, agracioushost and a talented lawyer:

If his new unlife is based on breaking the law, it is bec
feels America broke its promise to him in allowing his
o go hungry, forcing it to choose between starvatic
ul bears.a mote of il will toward the Giow:
because they allowed his wife to die of cance (in

mw she might be made eternal.

c

Antonto Giovanni, TReD OLD Kinprep
10th Generation, childe of Augustino Giovanni
Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Avie
Embrace: 1875
Apparent Age: 48

ntonio had asharp mind, and he and his wife Elisa were
both Embraced by Antonio's father in 1875. They worked
extraordinarily well together; thet
do if they set their minds

‘was very little the tw
could 1 it. They ghouled their
n, Domenic, and brought him into the business.

In 1954, hunters killed Elisa. Antoni

the outside he continued a

On nost as before; his temper
re often and his tongue sharpened, but he kept up
nce of his old unlife. He wasn't as effective with
without her

Inside he wasdying again, He tried toexplain how he felt
to Domenic, but his son didn't understand. Domenic told
it, that if the Giovanni became dis.

im, Domenic wasn't going to back him up. All

Dom about was power and

couldn't see past that to his f

¢ Giovanni family; he

her's grief

Perhaps that's why Antonio speaks too freely to Teresi

Powersin Act I He needs someone to understand what he was

going through. And after five years without his beloved Elisa,
ovannikilled him. He tried

tw pretend to be his old self for Domenic's sake, but the more

Nuova Maca

18

Domenic proved himself tobe apower-hungry bastard, the less
Antonio cared about what happened to the boy.

Traitsare not provided for Antonio because ifanyone ever
attacked him, they'd succeed in killing him. Antonio would
pretend toputupa fight, butsecretly he'dbe trying to join Elisa

Domenic Giovannt. THE TURK

Background: The Giovanni do not tolerate failure,
Domenic used to have a friend in the family, Amilar; the
‘two were approximately the same age, and they were both
ghouls. Then. in 1921, Amilar screwed up a business deal
and lost the Giovanni a valued business partner. Andreas
held a big party for all of the Boston family. When Amilat
arrived, Andreassmied and shook hishand. Then Andreas
pulled a knife and gutted the young man. He had Amilat
hung up by his feet against a wall, and the Kindred in the
room filled their glasses from the blood that flowed from
his fingers.

Domenic never forgot the lewon he leamed that day:
Never disappoint the Giovanni. He spent the better part of a
decade making sure Amilar'sscrew-up woukln't reflect on hit.

Domenic loves his father, Antonio, in his own fashion.
‘And he misses his dead mother as well. Bue neither of those
emotions is enough to overpower his fear of the Giovanni,
He'd rather kill his father himself than allow his father
screw up his chances with the family

Unfortunately for Domenic, he's too busy trying to get
noticed in 1959 to anticipate his father's indiscretion with
‘Teresa Powers. By the time he notices, it's too late, and his
father is already being demoted. Among the Giovanni, the
sins of the father are visited upon the children, and Domenic
is demoted along with his father. He confronts his father,
enraged about what happened, and his father offers him the
only thing he can — the Embrace. In 1959, Domenic be-
comes one of the Kindred.

Domenic has two goals: to erase the stain from his
background and convince the Giovanni is worthwhile and
to uake revenge upon the peuple who were giver hi and bis
father's positions.

mage: Domenic is short, with a stocky frame, although
he isnot overweight. His hair is dark brown and held back in
a ponytail. He wears white collared shirts and nice black
pants; when possible he leaves the collars unbuttoned and
forgoes a tie (he's always found ties to be too constrictive)
His jaw is lange and his eyes are dark brow

Roleplaying Hints: Do anything the Giovanni tell you
to do; you'd sell your soul to be in their good graces. You
constantly calculate what to do to win yourself praise and
erase the stain on your record. Revenge upon those who were
Promoted above you is less important than your own sel
promotion, but you won't forget about it. And eventually
sometime when she isn't so well watched, you'll torture and
Kull that little Harvard bitch who trapped your father into
fucking you over.
Clan

Sire: Antonio Giovanni

Nature: Rogue
Demeanor: Conformist

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
"Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Doe I Intimi
dation 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge t

Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 2, Security 2
Knowledges: Finance 2, Investigation 4, Oxcult 1
Disciplines: Dominate 1, Necromancy 1, Potence 2
Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path |
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Generat

Af-Control 4, Courage 4

2, Hend 1, Resources 2

Morality: Humanity 4
illpower: 4
Marianna

Background: Claudius Giovanni's accidental progeny
‘wasa simple and naive Italian peasant girl, just shy of 18 years
old in Apail of 1444. She was thrilled to be invited to the
‘manse of Claudius Otovannt for dinner. The result was an
unlife of persecution and tertor.

Embraced by Claudius, Marianna studied first with
Cappadocius' monks, then in the Far East, and later
mounted a campaign against her clan. Over the years, she
has been responsible for the deaths of a number of highly
placed Giovanni,

Thaum:

ungist, and isa leading (if quiet) vampiric expert
con wraiths and the Underworld

‘Deawars Paasonat


Each passing year, however, brings the guilt of being a
piretobear abit more, With the destruction of Hiroshima,
she knew her time —and that of Cappadocius —was coming.
She is determined, however, to not die alone o in vain
arianna has cultivated contacts in the Inquisition,
which allow her access tootherwise lost texts. She knows that
CCappadocins' soul, whatever condition it's in, must be laid
rest before the Giovanni find out where and what itis. To that
end, she started researching a means to do so. This research,
brings her to Boston shortly before the other Children of
. Unlike previous encounters, however, she shies
n them. She has no wish to drag them down with her
wve them a bargaining chip with the Nectomancers
Image: Once a lovely young woman (though still attrac
tive) Marianna's features and bearing carry an intensity that
scares those around her. She does not wear dresses or skits,
and wardrobes herself with the notion that she may be called
tocombat at any moment. She wears hee flame-red hair hack
most ofthe time. Her eyes were once adeep, innocent brown,
but lately they have darkened, becoming almost black
Roleplaying Hints: You have never felt so pressed for
time. You look at death like some people might regand
graduation — long awaited, but never really achievable.
Soon, though, you know your moment will come, and you are
determined that your mentor, Cappadocius, will rest in
peace. You are extremely lonely, and you pass people on the
street at night and wonder about theie thoughts, try to
their faces, try to see where they might be go
ou. want to scream, "you are all blessed." But you
cannot. You fall asleep weeping tears of blood every moming
Clan: Giovanni
Claudius Giovanni

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1444

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 5, Empathy 4,
Haggling 2, Interrogation 3, Intrigue 4, Masquerade 3, Seduc-
tion 4, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Euquette 3, Melce 5, Meditation
3, Performance 3, Sleight of Hand 2, Stealth 4, Tracking 3

Knowledges: Alchemy 2, Camarilla Lore 4, Investiga:

tion 4, Law 3, Linguistics (a broad selection of European
languages) 5, Medicine 2, Occult 6, Research 5,

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude
3, Necromancy 4, Obfuscate 4, Potence 5, Thaumaturgy 4

‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Blood 4, Spirit Manipu-
lation 3, The Green Path 2

Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 4, Ash Path 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1 (Father Carlos), Contacts 5, Re:
sources 3 (no steady income, but a great deal of liquid wealth)

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

Notes: Marianna may know whatever Thaumaturgical
or Necromantic rituals the Storyteller chooses. However,
there are two mentioned in the main text. One is Incorporeal
Passage, which may be found in Vampire: The Masquerade
‘The second is called Caul the Living Mind.

When aperson dies and becomesa wraith, they enter the
Shadowlands wearing a hood called a Caul. It prevents the
‘new wraith from panicking, but also shuts down her senses.
The ritual does much the same thing — it immobilizes a
‘target without causing real harm.

The ritual involves mixing the caste's blood, graveyard
dire and a small piece of baby skin (as embarrassed as she is
about it, Marianna often uses the foreskin from recently
circumcised babies). This mixture is then enchanted over the
course of two hours. The result, a tiny piece of skin, must be
touched to the target's face or neck. The target will then
collapse, blissfully immobilized for one scene. Ifthe skin eaves.
the casters hand before touching the target, however, thatskin
is useless. Marianna keeps three on her person at all times.

(Caul the Living Mind isa level four Necromantic ritual

JASON MILLINeR, THE PRODIGY
‘Background: One of Francis Milliner's nephews, and a
shrewd businessman, Jason was bom to Francis' younger
brother Lawrence and was always the baby of the family
Jason has always been determined to make ion his own.
Gradually, through hard work and cunning, Jason made a
name for himself. When he acquited a small bank Francis' eye
hhad been on, even Jason's father stopped calling him "Boy."

‘Nuown Maamin


Jason wasno longer the baby ofthe family; he was "My Good
Nephew Jason." Soon Francis was sending people to the
young man when he didn't have the time to take care of
things himself. Jason wasn't Francis! son, but he w
as such, even more 40th

ed
nk

son has become acutthroat businessman. He'scharm
overlaid on top of acoldly calculating, ingenious mind. He
has retained an odd sense of honor through all of this; he
believes in repaying his debts, and the people he screws
cover in business deals often find their lives getting better
in odd little ways. This is why he helps the characters to
win the Embrace at the end of Act Il
Giovanni screwed the cha

incis' real son Benjami

assuming the
acters out of the Embrace
earlier in the act.
Jason is fiercely loyal to his family. While he didn't want
their handouts, he knows they meant well, and he is graef
his family forall they've done for him. Benjamin's death
the end of Act shakes him up badly, and he will never quite
forgive Andreas for it. He understands that Benjamin was
stupid and brought it upon himself, which is why Jason does
ot openly act against the
Image: Jason is tall and slender, with short hair on the
blond side of brown. Other than a large nose, his features are
handsome. His eyes are

cold blue. Jason wears expensive
in white or gray. He stufs his hands in his pockets when
he isn't using them to illustrate a point. When he wants to
charm someone, his face lights up and he smiles sweetly;
those who know what he's really like can see the calculating
switch from one face to another, but most others a
Roleplaying Hints: You're all business. Even when
you're charming someone, it's business. You're shrewd, cun
ning and cold, You're fiercely loyal to yo you
get angry when someone has hurt them. Oxherwise you'

very good at staying in control. You have an odd sense of
honor that bothers you at times. After all, in the course of

fooled.

business you're always hurting people, taking away th
money or their homes or their businesses. Hurting people
ddoesn'tbother you; it'sthe sense that you're takingsomething
too easily that drives you c ‘So when you ruin a man by
destroying his business so that it wo
‘own, you might set up an anonymous trust fund 1 his
daughter will be able to go to school If you've had to work
hard for something, then it's a different matter, it was a fair
fight and you don't owe anything. You have "friends" in high

but you look down on most of them. They're useful
nothing more than that, although you'te careful tobe friendly
to their faces

‘compete with you

Clan: Giovanni
Sire: Andreas Giovanni
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Gallant
Generation: 9th
Embraces 1959
Apparent Age: 27
Physical:
Social: C 3,M
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 2, I I. Leadership 1
Subterfuge
Skills: Drive 1, Eriquett s 1, Performance 2
Knowledges: Academics 3, Bureaucracy 2, Finance 4, Law |
Linguistics 2, Literature 1, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Domina
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Gener
2, Resources 4
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 5

Notes: By Act IIL, Jason has picked up two:
Strategy Skill and one dot in the Nec
Obviously, until he is Embraced in
no Disciplines

CAMARILLA

rrength 2, Dexterity
nipulation 3, Appearance 3

1, Potence 1, Presence 1

jon 3, Herd I, Influence

ts in the
ncy Discipline

lL of Act Il, he has

PuaJackson
Background: Embraced in Africa i
by American Ventrue six years lat

bound waskilled. At th

1734 and enslaved
Jackson worked a
seer t0 whom he was
point, Pug f
met a Brujah named Denmark Tumer, who would be his
mentor. In 1861, T to fight in the Civil War. He
asked Pug to guard his property while he was gone, but he
ured. By 1895, Jackson had created a brood that
subsisted off the mortals in the

J to Boston, where he

In the modern nights, Jackson has ties t
aland Kindred. He

a few gangs

Massachusetts, both mo i

Dewars Pasona

at

ingly powerful player in the Camarilla pol
England. He operates Denmark's,
among both Hispanic and Af

f the area.

prclub
ican-American populations

a popular ni

Image: Jackson is tall, imposing and bald. He prefers t
wear ted ( tops and black baseball caps. He
carries heavy aluminum bat at his side and a SigSauer P220
under his jacket

Roleplaying Hin

‘ou treat people rough because

a become beutal
Brujah

Demeanor: Beav
Generation: 9th
Embeac
Apparent Age: 25
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearanc

Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimt
dation 4, Leadership 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette I, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Security 2,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Boston) 4 F
Disciplines: Celerity 4, Fortitude 2

Mental: Perception

ice 2, Politics 2
Ypfuscate 1, Potence 5,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Willpowers 7

NG CHANG, THE Hope

Background: Yong-Sung Chang
ints of Theo Bell, the archon who t
the Sabbat. ¥
ate" Be

sone of the lieuten.
k New York City from
Sung has been sent (in Act 1V) to "liber:
jon of Sabbat and Giovanni influences. Yong-Sung
Hligent and charismatic: in
short, a great wartime leader. Unknown to Prince Quentin,
Yong-Sung has been told that if h

it. He skillfully treats Quentin with deference, while giving

akes Boston, he can keep

all of the orders himself. Quentin is sharp enough to see
this, but as Yong-Sung's behavior is technically
flawless, there's nothing Quentin can call him on. Y
from Pug Jackson, who happily signed up to help
that the Six will obey Quentin's every order, so he tells
Quentin what 1
orders are relayed correctly
Yong-Sut
pas lestroy the Sabbat, the Giovanniand any others
who won't be a part of the Camarilla. He would probably be
Prince of Boston for a decade or two, but he would inevitably

througi
Sunghe

tell them and watches to make sure the

enjoys the prospect of power, but his true

move on to take another city
The Camarilla's action is successful against the Sabbat
because Yong-Sung understands the Black Hand and is
willing to do battle on their terms, Because of this he lacks a
few of the morals the Camarilla holds most dear. He under
stands this, and sees it as a necessary sactifice. He also
understands that this isn't something the Camarilla should
find out about
nd of medium height. His

ts his shoulder-length black
is ound and almost childlike

Image: Yong-Sung is se

loose on his back. His fa
Roleplaying Hints: The expresic

ion as possible, except


when deliberately planned fora specifi effect. You treat your
people well so that they will serve you with loyalty as well as
obedience. You're aplotter, a schemer and a strategist.
Influence: Yong-Sung wields a great deal of influence
among the New England Camarilla; much ofthis comes from
Theo's success at New York. He still has to prove himself to
those Camarilla who already exist in Boston, but those he
brought with him are devoted to him. Most of them served
under him in New York
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Rosalind Farrell (childe of Lady Jadvigea Almanov: see
‘The Last Supper)

Nature: Visionary

Apparent Age: 28
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mentals Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Leadership 4,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge |

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Performance 2, Security 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Bureaucracy 3, Expert Knowl
ccdge: Strategy 3, Finance 2, Investigation 3, Law I, Linguistics
2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Presence 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Followers 3, Generation 5, Herd 1, Influence
3, Resources 3, Retainers 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5

Derangements: Berserk

Willpower: 6

CHARACTERSFROM DARK COLONY

Quer Hine TIT, re ARTHURIAN
Background: Quentin King was a police inspector on
the trail of a child-killer and cannibal named Skarvan. King
got close to capturing Skarvan a numberof times, but failed
again and again. His failure ate away at him unit he became
desperate, and he raised a posse to search for Skarvan
‘Skarvan, a Malkavian, had been watching the inspector.
He was outraged that a mortal might endanger him, and he
plotted revenge. He Embraced King, and threw him intoa pit.
He covered him with alternating layers of dirt, worms and
pieces of Skarvan's previous victims. By the time King had
clawed his way out of the pit, he had moved from shock, to
panic, to horror, to rage. Then Skarvan sli his own throa
laid his head on King's lap and was promptly diablerized.
The odd act of self-sacrifice was prompted by six Blood
Bound vampires (see The Six Knights) who believed them-

Dewwars Parsons

123

selves to be squires to Skarvan. They combined their abilities

to force him to give himself over to the inspector (to them,
King Arthur), and they asked him to knight them with
Excalibur (a butter knife).

The good King led the six vampires to Boston, where
with heir help, he became a leader. King wreaked havoc on
the local Sabbat and princedom of Boston. He
determined to create a "court" of beauty and justice, and
became popular with the Toreador. He spent too much time
‘on his court, however, and not enough on the Sabbat. King
was forced to accept the aid of the British Camarilla i
keeping the Sabbat at hay, and he became little more than a
puppet for other Camarilla
King is involved in everything but the church and the
underworld — both provinces of the Giovanni. He has
contacts and ties among the police and judiciary system,
major corporations and politicians of the area. He is well like

ador, who value his ability to critique art

‘nights remain loyal, bu
almost the only ones. King is too fi
them. King worries about the C
*sto admit this. He already has two prob
handle in the British and the Sabb

hey and the Torea
yened of his

ms he can't

and he docan't want

anyone to suspect that he has.a third. King keeps a close eye
on the Giovanni, but he leaves most of the decisions tother
Camarilla. He feels penned in on all sides, and wonders if

moving to another city wouldn't be the better part of valoe.
He feels shame at his cowardice, however, and keeps it to
himsel.

Image: Quentin is sandy-haited
shoulders He has long lashes and wompe!
well asa square jaw

Roleplaying Hints: Stare hypnoticaly
your audience. Drum your fingers on the arm of your chair if

J tall, with broad

hone who beg

y ig. Walk with dignity — tall and straight, taking
your time. Never laugh or otherwise display asense of humor,
and irony are lost on you: Speak as if youare involved
formal debate; attempt to move the characters with
insparing thetoric

(Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Nathan Skarvan

‘Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 8th (through diablerie)

Embrace: 1811

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 3,
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Brawl 3, Doxkge 3, Expression 2, Intrigue 4, Leader:
ship 4, Masquerade 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Eriquette 4, Firearms 3, Performance 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Area Knowledge (Boston) 5,
Bureaucracy 3, Expert Knowledge: Criminology 3, Investiga-
tion 4, Law 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 1, Dominate 5, Fortitude 2,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 3, Influence 3, Resources 5,
Retainers 3, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Delusion, Schizophrenia

Willpower: 7

Tue Soc Kxionrs

Background: Quentin's Six Knights were institutionalize
for varius forms of mental illness. They became good compan
tons, and shared a delusory workd of Knights, dragons and
sorcerer, which gave them some limited ability to interact with
the real work). When Skarvan Embeaced them and took them
away. they believe they had heen ensorcelled by a dark knight.

‘When Skarvan captured Quentin King, the Six believed
‘Quentin by his noble bearing and royal features to be a great
king. When the Six saw the terrible treatment Skarvan gave
thie noble, who was obviously of higher station than Skarvan
was, they did not approve, and part ofthe ensorcellment (the
Blood Bond) dissolved.

The Six saw Skarvan Embrace King and bury him
brencath the earth, and they were shocked by Skarvan's
beastliness. When King clawed his way fee of the earth, the
Sixconcentratedon destroying Skarvan. Asaresult, Skarvan
sactificed himself to King. The Six presented themselves to
"Arthur," and had himknight them wih abucer knife. Since
then, they have followed King faithfully and have become
Princes of various cities in Massachusetts.

The Six do not understand why King would make them
follow che orders of some other petty king's pawns (the

parninaa 2

Nao Maar

hy

Camarilla outsiders), and they fear their once great ruler may
bbe the victim of an ensorcellment of his own. The Six refuse
to disobey King, but they resent the ensorcellment of their
leader and have vowed to find out who has done this to him,
and slay the dark sorcerer.

‘care less about dividing lines such as Camarilla,
‘Giovanni than they do about serving and pro-
tecting theit liege. They believe the Sabbat to be monsters,
and hunt themasthe knightsof tories hunted dragons. They

hhave litle interest in the Giovanni, whom they see as simple
merchants

The Sixdon't make much ofan appearance until Act IV,
when they return to help thei Lord with the war. Unfortu
nately for Yong-Sung Chang, the Ventrue who comes to
town to lead the assault against the Giovanni and the Sabbat,
they decide upon hisarrival, due tohis commanding tone, his.
bearing, and the way he gives orders to Quentin, that heis the
King who has ensorcelled their master.

The followingare Traitsforall the Six Knights, although
they may (and should) be individualized as the Storyteller
wishes, where page count isn't a limiting factor.

The knight Sir Cum Laude remains in Boston to advise
King. The others "rule" their own cities: Sir Praxis rules
Worcester; Sir Sine Qua Non rules New Bedford; Sir Pro.
Bono rules Gloucester Die rules Lowell; and Sir
Probus rules Quincy.

Image: Two of the knights are male and in thei early 30s
One female and two males are in their 20s. One boy is 13. All
stand straight and proud. They basically keep up with the times,
bbut they wear formal clothing with a certain fair and style.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe yourself to be a noble lord
ina medieval fantasy world. Sabbat are monsters rather than
‘vampires; Quentin King sKiny Arthut himself, Youare cordial,
chivalrous and polite at all times, but you demand respect.
Clan: Malkavian,

Sire: Nathan Skarvan

Nature: Varies

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: Sth

Embrace: 1810

Apparent Age: varied (20s and 30s. but one is 13)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

‘Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expres-
sion 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics (variable), Area Knowledge (Bos:
ton or own city) 4, Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 2, Influence 2, Resources 3,
Retainers 3, Status 5


Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6

Derangements: Delusion and take your pick

Willpower: 6

Notes: The Six possess a sort of innate magical ability. It
allows them to mentally Dominate other creatures. They
‘must concentrate; it takes acouple of minutesand is very hard
con them. At least one of them must be able to see the target
atall times, and ll of the Knights must be in agreement as to
what they want the target ro do. Each Knight contributes as,
‘many points of temporary Willpower as he wants, and each
point equals one die in the Pool. The Six roll against the
target's Willpower, and must accumulate 10 successes. If
succesful, they can command anyone, even vampites of
ower generation. Ifa botch occurs, all accumulated successes
are lost and the Six must start again from scratch; the
difficulty of this repeated attempt is one higher. The Story:
teller should keep in mind that the loss of so many points of
Willpower at once is not a trivial thing.

Exsa Linpen

Background: Elsa is a stunning composer, but because
she is a woman, her musical career was destined to go no
further than the salons her parents held. During one of these
salons, Elsa caught the attention of Annabelle Triabell, a
Toreador. Eha's parentsentrusted her othecarcof Annabelle,
who Embraced her. When Triabell left for Chicago, Elsa
refused to leave New England,

Elsa assumed the princedom of Manchester, Vermont,
1890, although no other Kindred made havens there. She
transformed the town from a dull village into a thriving
center for the arts. In 1895, the Lupines came uncomfortably
close to the city, and the Sabbat and the British Camarilla
fought over Vermont. Elsa moved to Provincetown, on the
easternmost tip of Cape Cod, Massachusetts.

‘The British Kindred in Boston ignored Elsa and her few
progeny; the Toreador seemed of little immediate threat.
However, one of the British arranged the destruction of an
‘exhibit which Elsa was under contract to protect. The de
struction of the exhibit brought Elsa's reputation low
Elsa is furious with the British, and would do anything
ww have | Despite this, she geo
along well with Quentin King, She finds his outdated
manners and odd delusions charming, and has helped him
to gain popularity among the Toreador. She takes adv
Lange of his auquainitate Toreador sy
her in Boston.

Elsa has met some of the more savory Giovanni at

functions at the Bost ic Library, the Museum of

Fine Arts, and the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum

Because of her one-sided experience of the Giov

has a reasonably high opinion of them. She pays

tion to rumor, however, so she knows they aren't all

they seem. Elsa thinks Andreas has some intriguiny

about art and what it shows about the artist; her good

sense vies with her wish to continue the conversation a

some I
Roger Drake, Elsa's pseudonym, is known as one of the

premier composersof the present day. She isa well-respected,

if reclusive, member of the town's musical elite. She travels

to many New England movie festivals in disguise, and she

maintains some influence over Manchester, Vermont
Image: Eka's strawberry-blond hair cascades down her back

Her features are fine, and her violet eyes peck out fen beneath

long. thick eyelashes. She wear simple but alluring dress
Roleplaying Hints: Play the part of

Kindred functions. Maneuver other people into

accomplishments for you. If you interact personally with

those of lower station, act distant of bored. Only ply your wit

upon those who are worth it (those who are at least as

powerful as you).

Clan: Toreador

Siret Annabelle Triabell

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1791

Apparent Age: 24

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5. Appe:

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 1, A

ni, she

r date.

nce 6

Expression 5, Diplo.
macy 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Intrigue 4, Leadership 4,
Seduction 3, Singing 3, Subterfuge 2

Dancing 2, Drive 1, Et
ade 3, Music 6, Style 3

Knowledges: Art History 1, Kindred Lore 2, Linguistics 3,
Literature 1

vette 4, Firearms 1, Masquer:


Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Chim
nate 4, Presence 6
Backgroundst Fame 1 (under prcudonym Roger Drake),
Herd 2, Resources 4, Status 5
Virtues: Conscience
Humanity: 5
Willpower: 8
Notes: Ela's sixth level of Presence can cause others to
fall in love with her, similar to the effects of a Blood Bond.
Her Chimerstry Discipline allows her to create minor immo-
bile illusions. She keeps her ability with Chimerstry largely
secret, using it only to amuse herself.

SABRAT

MaxLowett
Background: The vampire named Max was born

inori Takeishi. He was well on his w

y 2, Domi.

1f-Control 2, Courage 4

to an early
grave, probably viadrive-by shooting, when a City Gangrel
decided this gang member could be useful and dragged him
off to the Sabbat Creation Rites. Max proved himself
worthy of his sire's confidence. He's an extraordinary city
hunter, tracking his prey for nights or even weeks some-
times before moving in for the kill. He's patient and
cunning, although he takes a pleasure in killing that
frightens even other Sabbat members

eye on Boston. He privately
suspects that the Giovanni will always hold Boston; he thi
that's a reasonable loss as long as they show no signs of

expanding and the Camarilla don't get Boston for them
selves. Max

Max was sent to keep

‘Yarmouth, Maine, at least once a month.

Most Sabbat believe it to be wrong to consort with
humans in any respect. Max is allowed to keep his

Chinatown arrangement because he gets so much infor
mation out of it. Or pethaps the Sabbat member he'd had
to give an accounting to simply appreciated it when Max
shrugged and said, "Anyone who wants tokill mehas to get
through them first. By the time my little unfortunates are
all dead, I'm long gone."

Image: Max ts neither tall nor short. His hair is long
tand black, and pulled sharply to the back of his head. He
Aresses in understated black leather, like an extra from a bad
action movie.

Roleplaying Hints: You are patient and quiet. Your
sire taught you that there was more to be learned by
listening than talking, and you took her lesson to heart.
You act friendly and open, right until you put your fangs to
someone's jugular vein. Once you decide that someone
needs to die, you are relentless. Some might call your long
hunts torture; they're probably right, but that doesn't
bother you.

‘You may not seem like Sabbat material on the surface,
but those who know you have learned better. An impetuous
young Lasombra once questioned whether you were really
fit for unlife. Two nights later he was found on a rooftop
with his throat slit and his limbs ripped from his body; his
badly mutilated corpse was almost unrecognizable befote it
crumbles to ash.

Clan: City Gangrel

Sire: Mallory Jameson

Nature: Predator

Demeanor: Pragmatist

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1948

Apparent Age: 23

Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Socials Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mentals Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Interro-
sation 2, Streetwise 4

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Firearms 2, Security 3, Stealth 4,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Boston) 3, Enigmas 2
Disciplines: Cclerity 2, Obfuscate 2, Protean 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Generation I, Herd 2,
Influence 1, Pack Recognition 1

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 3

Morality: Humanity 3

Derangements: Blood sweats, Gluttony

Willpower: 4

Notes: it would he difficult for anyone to attack Max in
Chinatown; most of the people in the area know him and
‘would move to protect him, to repay a favor or because they
fear him. At the very least, they would alert him to any
danger. In return, he protects them as well.


MORTALS

Hann Rornensren
Giovanni ghoul, rege

THe PRovineR
int of Andreas Giovanni

Nature: Conformist

Demeat infidant

Blood Bond: Established 1923

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Bom to a very strict Jewish family in 1889, Henry
Rothenstein grew up with very little sense of self Everything
he undertook was done for the benefit of his fa
work, synagogue; nothing was f
this in fact, he didn't even re:
Giovanni in 1923,

Andreas couldn't have cared less about Hank's
background. What he cared about was Hank's extraordinary
logic and organizational skills, as well as his prowess with
numbers. Andreas gave him the Proxy Kis, and explained to
him outright that he stood no chance of becoming Kindred.
Hank, who had only recently begun to want things for
himself, accepted that, and has never once felt jealous of his
Kindred peers.

Hank rose to infamy in the Boston underworld very
quickly. Despite Hank's grating personality and aggravating.
voice. no one debates his amazing skill at bartering and
diplomacy. By 1928, he was known as "Hank the Fixer," and
had his fingers dipped lightly into so many pies that even
Andreas does not know the extent of his connections. This

hardly matters: his Blood Bond to Andreas is faultless and
Hank would never betray him.

ly, school,
im. He wasn't resentful of
ie it until he met Andreas

If Andreasdies in Act Ill (or later, in Act IV), Hank will
need to ind a new domitor and he knowsit. He petitions Paul
DiCarlo if na one else (read: the troupe) volunteers.

Hank is a short, stout, man with traditional Semitic
features. He wears unnecessarily thick glasses and speaks with
a nasal whine mixed with a thick Boston accent. He favors
expensive suits (he gets them wholesale) but never looks
quite right in them. He refuses to carry a gun, claiming he
doesn'tneed one. He's right; in the event of his death (atleast
in 1929), enough damaging information would be released
via secret contacts to indict hal the civil servants in Bos

‘Andreas finds Hank's motives unquestionable: He has
none. Hank eemsto live toserve. Thatisn'thecauseofthebond,
andit'snoc lie it'sjust the wayhe is He honestly enioys getting

because he rarely wants anything for

ed that Andreas, so powerful and impor

tant a man, takes such an interest in him. The Giovanni often

ads him personal questions, and Hank answers to the best of his

ability. Hank has an appreciation for verbal fencing, and often

laces his conversation with subtle jokes. Oft

deprecating, but sometimes they are political, sexual ot just wry

If someone misses a joke Hank thinks is obvious, he tends to
patronize the "lackwit" somewhat

WituiaM Hatnent,Gon'sSoricrror
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Judge
Apparent Age: carly 40s
William Halbert was born to a rich Bostonian family
1940. His family profited tremendously from the Second
Work! War, and he lived a life of luxury. This life ended
wrested forembe:
ylost everything, and Will
ts, merely a feeling that this was God's justic
Halbert
d pastors, but never
iy, he stumbled over a bum

Never a religious person before, the your

sought out advice from various priests
quite found what fle right. Fin
con the sidewalk and attempted to give him money. The bum


lunged for his throat. Halbert fell back, screaming the only

rase from the Bible he could remember: "I will teach you
fear ofthe Lord." The bum ell on him, then recoiled and fled.
Down the street, Halbert heard screaming and gunfire. He
ran, and found a cell of the Boston Cenaculum, from the
Society of Leopold. He had found his faith.

Halbert became an Inquisitor and alo a prosecutor. He
isknown in Boston as a very obstinate man: He does not plea
bargain, and has been reminded by several judges that he is
not conducting a witch-hunt, He takes umbrage at that; to
him, that is exactly what he is doing.

Halbert does not smile much, if at all. He dresses for
whatever courtroom he finds himself in; for him, all life is
judgment. In the court of Man, he dresses like a successful
lawyer. When dispensing God's law. he dress in loose.
fitting black clothes, and alwayscarries at least rwo crucifixes.

William Halbert is living proof that the sins of the father
are not visited upon the son. He finds himself humbled each
day. however. by the fact that allof Boston'supper crust knew
his father, and they think William to be a failure because of
his steadfast refusal to join the men's clubs. "This must be the
generation of those who love pleasure more than God,"
thinks William Halpert. "So much work to do, and only one
lifetime in which to do it

Tenesa Dowers,1He Stubent MOLL
Background: An enthusiastic scholar, Teresa is workingon

ber Mastersdegree in American History at Harvard. She's almost
there, but the last part isthe hardest; males dominate this part of
the academic process, so she has to fight sexism all the way. Still,
she manages; she's nothing if not stubbom. Her mother called it
"perseverance"; Terest prefered to cal it her mule blood.
Teresa's father disowned her when she entered Harvard
Maybe if Dad had a son it would be diferent, but he'd been
stuck with a daughter. Luckily for Teresa, her mother's father

was proud of her — she was his only grandchild. He paid her
way through college. Her parents died in an auto accident
during her sophomoee year; she went to the funeral, but che
didn't cry. She couldn't — too many memories kepe her
attention. Memories of her father pointing a gun at her in a
drunken rage. Memories of her mother telling her that her
father just gt that way sometimes, and to pay no mind to i

Teresa has a dark side. She doesn't fear much of any-
thing: staring down the barrel ofa gun at a drunk man when
you're eight can do that to you. She studies the Mafia because
they excite her, because the danger of dealing with them
turns her on. She isn't interested in getting hurt — she just
likes the feel of danger, the adrenaline rush, the cold knot in
the pit of her stomach. Once, when a good "family man"
offered to let her hold his gun, the feel of the cold metal in ber
hand tumed her on more than anything she'd experienced
before. She fucked the enforcer right there on the interview
table; she left bite marks on his neck that his cousins teased
him about for weeks. Ina sexual situation, she likes tostruggle
with her partner; a good physical fight for dominance excites
her regardless of the outcome of the fight.

Stephano uses Presence on Teresa to find out whether
any Giovanni have been telling her too much. Teresa finds
him fascinating. Teresa's grandfather is still alive, although
deteriorating rapidly. She visits him in the hospital often.

Image: Teresa cuts a confident figure. She wears jeans
and designer sweaters and pulls her light-brown hair back in
a long ponytail. Her eyes are gray-blue and are perpetually
shadowed by light bags, as though she doesn't sleep enough.
Her mouth turns upon the left when she smiles, and her eyes
sparkle with a dark sort of mirth.

Roleplaying Hints: You knowhow much danger you put
yourself in, but it doesn't bother you. You walk into the
havens of cold-blooded executioners with the same confi-
dent stride that carries you to the store next door. It's this
same confidence, and an innate friendliness and sense of
humor, that sees you safe again out the other side. You're a
tomboy, and most men who aren't out-and-out sexists treat
you like one of the guys — or one of their guns.

You have standards and prefer longer relationships to
one-night stands, but when the situation is dangerous enough
and you get hoy enough, you'll make exceptions. You want
toknow everything you can find out about the Mafia and the
way they operate; the whole idea of the Mafia excites you. If
someone as high up in the Mafia community asthe characters
are wants to lay a more permanent claim on you, can keep up
with your tastes, and otherwise interests and doesn't abuse
you, you'll be more than happy to become involved.

You haven't done anything illegal yet, bu it won't take
much to send you spiraling down that dark path
Nature: Thrill-Secker
Demeanor: Deviant
Born: 1935
Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Scamnisus 2

Nuova MATA


Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Aleriness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1,
Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 5, Bureaucracy 1, Economics 1,
History 3, Investigation 2, Medicine 1, Politics 1, Psychol-
ogy 2, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources |
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 5

Notest If Teresa lives long enough, she'll pick up the
Computer Knowledge (as well as other modern abilities)
fairly easily, and might make a very valuable retainer for it
She likes to learn new things, and as long asshe has the money
andiallowed todoco, will continue to take clases in all corte
of interesting areas. Some possibilities might be Psychology,
further Anthropology and Economics, Biology, Mathemat-
ics, Geography, Forensics and other areas of History.

PatrRiaRcas

Micnaet "Micxy" Datrianca, Har Apparent
Background: Crime boss Raymond Patriarca's oldest
brother, Angelo, is Micky's father and, as Angelo's son, was
expected totake over the family after him. Angelodied youn.
however, and Raymond stepped in. Micky was glad to be rid
of that particular obligation, so he supported his uncle's rise
to power in the family. Only Micky's younger brother Lucio
occasionally caused trouble about the matter; Lucio wanted
Micky in power s0 he could be Micky's right-hand man.
Raymond recognized Lucio's ambition and promised that

when the Patriarcas took Boston, Micky would run it with
Lucio at his side. He hinted to Lucio that Micky would be his
heir, seeing as hic only son had died several years earlier, and
that satisfied Lucio

Micky only cares about his family, particularly Lucio. He
keeps himself at arm's length from everyone else. He plans
never to marry; he's unwilling to break his perfect front for
anyone, and he would never marry someone he couldn'tshow
his true self to. He's broken a few hearts, and every once in a
while a rumor surfaces about the true nature of his sexuality,
His brother squashes those rumors as soon as they start,
usually by dragging Micky to a brothel and making sure
people find out about it

Shopkeepers and businesspeople like Micky's straight
forward way of dealing, when they aren'con the wrong endof
it. His reputation as a man of his word wins him friends in
rood places. It doesn't take long after Micky moves into
Boston for him to win people over with his open ways. Some

9 a godsend after with the Otovan for 20
long, although others resent being squeezed from both sides
and don't want him stiring up trouble.

Image: Micky's hair is slicked-back dark brown; nota
strand is out of place. His suits are expensive and perfectly
tailored. Everyone but Raymond and Lucio sees him a8 the
prototypical stylish Mafioso; Raymond and Lucio know
just an act. They support him in that act, because he's family
and because he's still useful to ther.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a man of your word when you
can afford such a luxury, but if your uncle says "jump," then
you'll reluctantly ask, "how high?" even if it means breaking
that word. You do your best to interpret Raymond's words in.
ways that will allow you to keep your word, but you'll never
disobey a direct order. Sometimes you wish you hadn't been
born into a Mafia family so that you could have gone to
college and into some other line of work. But duty calls, 30
here you are. You'll do your best for your family, even if it
means hurting people.

Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Bravo
Born: 1933

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Chariema 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Int
dation 1, Leadership 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 1, Performance 4,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Finance 1, Investigation 1, Law 1, Politis 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Favors 2, Influence 2,
Resources 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 6
Willpower: 5


Notes: Although Micky himself only has a Resources
score of 2, he has access to family money as well. This
cffectively brings him up to Resources 3.0F 50. but he has to.

account to Raymond for any of that money he u

Lucto Datriarca, tie MORALIST'S TRATIOR
pensesesthe tr lack of conscience

‘wall. Unfortunately forhim, he
Micky rather than before. That might
not be sohad ifhe were willing to have his brother quietly offed,
but he s

was born six years aft

< isa fierce protective streak with
often disagrees with the waty
hinges, andhe might
yrone che who spe

ow opinion of his broth
nl moral flexibility todo what
needs to be done. He accepts, however, that things are the
way they are, and he works within those limits. He sees
h brother' Micky may be the elder
things are the other way
he orders, but he doesn't
disagrees. fhe disagrees strongly
even give Raymond a call. He would never

publicly contradict his brother, however.

‘seman; he hashisbrother'ssgoed looks but none
involved. Luciooften hashisarm

ropect
Micky hi
but woe betide

rentell him soinprivate,
sup to Micky

Lucio has a rel
thinks Micky lacks the spin

of the reservations about gettin

ws as a whole, Lucio loves only
all is said and done.

Lucio's influence covers a different section of society
than Micky's. Lucio knows the street gangsand the enfore
Alllhe has to do ts dress do
think he's one of them. I

Micky whet

to his brother, but he

nd soph

his long.

Image: Lucio is physically si
carries himself differently. Where Micky is suav

tel, Lucio is jaunty and friendly. Lucto wee
dark-brown shoulders. His brown eyes
sparkle with sense of humor that has endeated him tomany
his dates ne at his jokes

ft looxe about h

wears his collars open, with
his neck. [fit
like a teenager; when he dresses down
people think him younger than he is.
Roleplaying Hintss You

1 good word for everyone and

n't for the suits he wears,

Lucio would loo

charming ane rice, wich
joke for all occasions. Under
alculating and dangerous, and you'd
related to if you thought it would
benefit you. You've developed a sense of humor about the way
people treat you like a kid; you laugh with them night up until
you tell them you're Micky Pas 'sbrother. Then you laugh
them while they toady up to you and apologize all over yo
with Micky in frone
ne else; never allow anyone else to do so either.
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Bon Vivant/Bravo.
Born: 1939
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
‘Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Grace 1
Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Streetwise 3, Style 2, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Eriquett Firearms 3, Melee 3, Performance 3,
Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investy
Backgrounds:
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Cont
Moral Humanity 5
Willpower:

Notes: Although Lucio has a Resources score of 1 like
Micky, he hassomeaccesstofamily funds. Because ofthis. his
Resources score is effectively 2, but also like Micky, he must
justify use of family funds to Raymond,

OTHERS

neath this facade, you're
Kill anyone you were

tion 1, Polit
ics 3, Contacts4, Influence 1, Resources 1
ol 3, Courage 5

Erte Feno,"Frawen Oncnin Pen"
‘Nature: Fanatic

Pro Natures Legalise

Demeanor: Visionary

Balance: Yang

Dharma: Thrashing Dragon 3/3/3/4
Direction: South

The yawning pits of Yori spewed Effie Feng back into
the world during the 18th centuryin Hong Kong after she was
executed for betraying a noble. The Second Breath and


into the K
but she betrayed het

inducti

i-jin courts provided a second chance,

id liege as well a
«ckuama. She fled the Middle Kingdom and settled in Bost
posing as a Malkavian, tryin
s of this book, Effie m
fe. In 1970, her interests arouse RICO Act
\dshe loses her fortune. By 1999, her
and she is makes het haven
in Boston's Chi

find a way to atone

In the first two intains
ble
in the basement of aliquot wn
Lin is her son, dhampyr born during a period of
Yang imbalance; his father islong dead. She forces Lin topose
to which he
grudgingly bows

Well

sder five feet tall, Effie isnonethelessattractive in
ic sense. Her skin is bone white; her hair long, black
and silky; her eye d deep brown; and her lig
ted. Once an Asi le, she still bears herself re
che can th th

bok. Her regal act curdles a bit in later ye

wors long red or black robes, usually embroidered with

dragons.

REGINALD, PURGATORIAL PeNTTENT

Nature: Penitent

Shadow: Martyr

ing in
hissins and

27, thinking about
9 confession, but also about where he
might geta bite to eat and perhaps a wom.

struck by li

then he was
g. Reginald has no idea wh
ished business he may have left

truly believes that

until he can w
Upon becoming a w
Shadowlands as he did
cruited" him

In Act I, Regin:
of scorched brown Lo:

lderas well
ct LV, the whites of his eyes have darkened to a

Dewars Pascua

BL


And here on dark, unfriendly streets
| find the comfort that I seek

Oingo Boingo, "Lost Like This"

This appendix serves as.a rough introduction to Boston conflict prior to the 1999 S:

ike. The be
xckground on Kindred activity &
yNight" books contains relatively little inform:
puch but plenty on the 19th.

for Storytellers who wish tolead thei troupes

wghNuova fair amount

Malattia. By nature, itis far shorter thas
published by White Wolf but, hey, we've «
space in each book. Some of the

in the 20th century

Boston, PEARL OF MASSACHUSETTS BAY

mentioned herein originated in the

non Dek Coan + isjust one part ofthe Boston metropolitan

dare labeled as
have Dark Colony, brie!
haracters appear in the Dra
Colony is, however, useful

area. The Boston area includes: Cambridge, which 1s across
the Charles River from Be
which lies northeast of Cambridge; and Brookline, wh

meth of Boston), Somerville

the Storyteller who wishes t

of the New England

Amoon: Boston Hi
133


,

, sturdy building

Prise Boston ut
ms. Skys

when development be

around this time, alt

wded out). Developers encounter st

ind have d

he local Kindred have done t
ider buildin

en to be razed and replaced with con.
her Kindred, en, ttle investmen
ing the new buildings. After all, it's

nent's haven bulldozed whi

Boston is accessible from many directions.

arrive at th front, though they're mos

red and rebuilt. In the modern nigh

y cab companies operate in the Boston

tly defined pick-up territories: Taxis

wed to pick up in 10t pick up in

liver anywhe

se in other cities (no one wants the older buildings Blucand Orange. The b

COMING AND GOING unt apy

ig a Airport is extremely active onceair one will go "express nnou
tra * popular. Hectic South Station tsa popular first) in onder
n for the first half of the century; then it's Two or three Nosferatu influence the maj

THe T (Massac
TRANSPORTATION

Modem Bx

line (the Red Line) i
rict review the first (the Green Line) in 18

underground passages, including a few the aut

heir part to know about (and that don't show up on blueprint
cess tothe T;t'sah

Not all
ntfun, have ever,soitpaystomapoutthe lines befor

those on the Oreen and Orange Lines still

akinga the newe
sport d

The T operates from early mornin,
rely 1 A.M., seven days a w

ppc

Many sh

during rush hour) to 30 (

ly us junday). Trains are

the station
Red Line of

subway system in Boston but, fora small fe of ink

access to portions

tunnels. Those tunnels inside Gio
n area. Cabs under Giovanni *jurisdi
that are al:

Andreas Giovannialso make

cof maintaining relations with the Nosferatu; access t
Cambridge, the tunnels is more than useful, and the in
re Nosferatu sell can come in very handy

Nuova Muara
cE)


Boston Rail

asitrelates te the Metrovren

Watertown

J Oranae

The MBTA also operates a number of above-ground

PLAcesTo Stay &
ENTERTAINMENT

THe HoRNspy

The o
2 number of famous people in its time, including John Wilkes
in 192 In 1928,

the new building opened. No expen n the new

ginal Hornsby Hotel opened in 1848, and hosted

ral buth

new owners demolished the or

the architect found beautiful uses
The Hornsby change
the basement billiard room and pub in 1928. The rooftop

build «polished gran:

al chandeliers.

any ways over the subsequent

ther downtown buildings had grown too tall and obscured
allroorn in Boston

replaced the Homsby's terrace

The
cach new era. The

wenets of the Hornsby modemized the decor with

food and service at the Hornsby have
become legendary throughout the decades. Not so many

famous people visited the Hornsby after the rebuilding as once

re luxurious and expensive hotels existed in the area

for that — but the Hornsby always managed "n
Even into the modem nights, it draws businesspeople and
conference-goers, and its restaurants attract local politicians

The Hornsh

tered about the ho

1 suitable for Kindred. Ins

st otel suite design of a handful of livin
rooms encircling a bathroom, these few 1 th
bedrooms at the center, such that they have no windows. A

as to ask for one of the "sunshine suites" to be

I always have a plac

architect ghasantece with pe

h

1; in truth, Andreas Giovanni hada little "chat" wi

becomes.an ideal place for Kindred to put uptheit visitors and

hold business meetings. The Hornsby offers all the ambiance

and service o re expensive hotels, with none of the
worry that the man at the next table might be tet
hoping to interview a movie star
Sourn Arnica

The South A rica isa dance club that opened in the ear
1980s. It's one of the most popular in the city, and its
African Safari. Faux grasses and trees decorate all
and zebras, splayed in the club's

Aron: Boson Howes

135

furniture and light fixtures come from Africa. Murals of hunt-
ing expeditions decorate the walls; some ofthe more "human"
‘Kindred in the area recommend the clubas the place a vampire
‘ean go to see an almost-tealstic sunset (if she wants more
realism than she can get in a movie theater). Only the most
popular modem music playson the firs floor, with music about
‘a decade old on the second floor, and theme music from the
previous decadeson the third floor. The South Africaisa fairly
upscale club. Inthe posh basement, traditional African food is
served alongside more Americanized cuisine.
THe VADIA

The Vadia isa magnificent old hotel, and housed such
Juminaries as Mark Twain and Oscar Wilde in its heyday.
Marble and blue velvet dominate the building: «me call it
sgaudy, but most call it beautiful. In 1881, The Vadia was the
first public building in Boston to receive electric lighting.
Unfortunately, in 1972 a fire destroyed a large part of the
building. and the owners rebuilt the hotel aca condominium
complex. According to Kindred, several vampires started the
fire accidentally during a quarrel over (of all things) a mortal
woman's favor, bu the newspapersall report it the conflagra-
tiom as the result of a derelict living in the boiler room.

GIovANNIINT! ERESTS

‘Tue Boston Hannon Istanns

Thirty small islands dot the topography in and near
Boston Harbor. By the 1980s, the islands are used primarily
for recreation, but earlier in the century they served well as
temporary stash sites for smuggled goods. This is one of the
‘ways in which the Giovanni manage to move so much illegal
merchandise through Boston without being caught. The
Camarilla often maneuver to have the islands heavily mar-
keted as public recreation areas in an attempt to hurt the
Giovanni. Unfortunately for them, the Giovanni have enough
legitimate holdings to front the money for the bribes, and
they possess the equipment necessary toget around this small
impediment by the time it becomes a problem.

Tue Compat Zone

‘The Combat Zone is Boston's red-light district, and it
borders on the Theater District and Chinatown. It appears as
such in the 1960s with the help of the Giovanni, whose
jopinion on the matter can be summed up by, "I's great for
busines, burdoesn'tbelongnext tomy granddaughtersschool."
tends up in Chinatown because, unfortunately forthe locals,
they don't have the money to front the bribes to conwince the
politicians tohelp them. Ithousestriple-X cinemas, stripshows
and pom shops. The locals have been trying to shut the district
down since it started up and, in 1986, they make some
headway. The shops close down one by one until the Combat
Zone takes up one city block, rather than the seven it occupied
{nthe 1970s. That one block stubbornly refuses to disippear
however, and even in the 1990s, it can be a very unseemly
neighborhood. Visitors should be forewamed.

‘Tue ComMERCIAL WHARF

‘The Waterfront changes over the course of the century
from a place for business to a place for luxury. Ihe Giovanni
family uses the wharf for both. The Giovanni have two
warehouses in the area used for storing the goods they bring
in by sea; one of those warehouses isin their name and is used
only for legal goods. The other warehouse is under the name
cof a dummy company, "Ross Enterprises," and is used for
storing the illegal goods. Some of the police know about this
arrangement, but the Giovanni pay them well to look the
other way. The Giovanni also keep a set of offices in the area,
primarily for the stll-mortal members of the family

‘TheGiovanniownacomprehensive package storeknown,
asthe Spoton the wharf that people visit fromallover the state;
the store sells wines unavailable anywhere else, and has a
reputation for being able to find all sorts of rare vintages. Some
few know it as an upscale drug house — those who wouldn't be
seen dead buying drugs on the street can buy them here. I'sthe
‘only place in town where a man can slip an extra wad of bills
to the cashier, who slips an extra package into his bag.

Forcorten WoRLDSGALLERY

Thisisa peivate gallery, owned by Andrexs Giovanni and
run by Antonio Giovanni until the end of Act Il, when
‘Andreas tums Antonio's responsibilities over to the charac-
ters'cotere. VariousGiovanni with artistic talenthave showings
here. Family members bicker over whose work will be dis-
played. Itisthe responsibility of the person running the gallery
to select the art that willbe shown. Frequently this tums into
«political game; those running the gallery exhibit the art of
people whose favor they wish to curry, and family members
offer bribes to convince the curators to choose their work

Because the gallery sprivately ownedandnun and available
{or viewing only by Giovanni or their contacts, displays are
‘uncensored. Pomography, death and torture are favored sub-
jects Partiesoften take place atthe gallery; the building contains
‘extensive entertainment facilities inching lange dining rooms,
ballroom, a stage with an orchestra pit and comfortable seating.
fox ©, wend mexdern sound-system equipment.

‘Although most of the art shows are composed of photo-
sraphs, paintings or sketches, there has been the occasional live
exhibition, usually as the centerpiece fora party. These center-
Pieces usually involve the torture and death of ane or more
‘mortals. A popular theme toward the latter half ofthe century
was the use of one or more reluctant mortals to rape, torture and
kill another on pain of death. When the Giovanni grow tired of
watching, those same reluctant mortals become dinner.

Hacerr,Gurtert & Co.

The Giovanni use Hackett, Guttell and Co, mid-cen-
tury as a pomography publishing house. It publishes the
triple-X material under a separate imprint, "The Red Line";
most people stil believe HGC to be an upstanding publisher
‘of iction, poetryand even cookbooks. The Red Line includes
several magazines of photos and fiction, as welll as a line of

Nuova Maan


novels and, ater, videotapes. Privately, the Red Line runs
market in the kind of pomography most people won't tur a
blind eye to — S&M, bondage, rape, snuff films and child
pomography. They screen their clientele very carefully to
make sure no one finds out about this.

‘Tue Nort Exp

‘The North End is a predominately Italian neighbor.
hood, and isthe seat of Giovanni influence in Boston. By the
late 20th century, it's 30 crowded that no one in their right
mind would try to drive there — they certainly won't find a
parking space in the neighborhood unless they own one. The
North End is originally Mediterranean in ethnicity, but the
Italians have been the majority of the population since
approximately 1920 The North End is something of a small
peninsula, and possesses a bustling waterfront business. From
the'20sonward, the Italians have been steadily restoring the
neighborhood from the slum it was when they got there, with
2 great deal of help from Giovanni funding The streets still
bear the characteristic meandering directions of the cow
paths they began life as, as do many other streets in Boston.

In the North End, neatly every other building houses an
Italian of Mediterranean restaurant. Interestingly enough,
most of them don't serve desserts the way American restau-
rantsdo—ifsomeone wants dessert, she must go toa separate
‘espresso-and-pastry shop. These shops are almost as plentiful
as the restaurants. The North End is busy and crowded and
powested of a very close-knit community. Strangers are
noticed there, but welcomed nonetheless. Many people visit
for the all-day festivals; in July and August, every weekend is
dedicated to another saint.

PAnaprseJeweLeRsanp BRowNsTONe Cons,

The Giovanni use both Paradise Jewelers and Brown-
stone Coins to launder money from 1971 onward. Paradise
Jewelers stocks everything from cheap citrine to the most
‘expensive diamonds, and specializes in designing new and
unusual settings for their stones. Brownstone Coins isknown
for being able to find almost any rare coin, and for being
willing to buy even the more common ones. Both stores have
impeccable reputations and reasonable prices.

Sr.Leonann'sCuurcn

St. Leonaed's Church is built in 1873 and the present
building dates to 1891. It's the first Italian Catholic Church
cstablished in New England. It has a "Peace Garden" in the
front, created at the end of the Vietnam War, filled with
flowers and statuary that's spotlighted at night. This garden
‘contains two shrubs brought over from the altar of the Boston
‘Common, where Pope John Paul Il celebrated mass.

‘St. Leonard's isa magnificent site in the 1920s. Stained
glass and rich stone statuary adorn the building. Throughout
the decades t showsa gradual decline, however. The Church
becomes hemmed in on all sides by stores and restaurants in
Boston's crowded North End. The beautiful stonework on
the outside of the building ts painted over with brown paint.

‘The marble statues are replaced by "lifelike" painted statues
that resembled figurines from a tourist shop. Garish red
electric candlesare substituted for the real ones. [he giltwork
and stained glass remain but, by the 1990s, St. Leonard's
‘glamour and elegance clash wildly with the sorts of decora-
tions more commonly seen at garage salesand discount stores.

‘St. Leonard's is a building that remains functionally the
same throughout all four acts of this book. However, because
of its changing appearance, it makes a wonderful index of
transformation for this chronicle. In each act, the characters
should be returning to the hallowed halls of St. Leonard's to
see just how much the times have changed. As it isa favored
haunt of Andreas Giovanni, this will not be difficult to
achieve. Most people related to the Giovanni family pass
through St. Leonard's at one time or another.

Boston'sCAMARILLA

‘Tue AFRICAN Meetino House

The African Meeting House isthe oldest standing black
church in the United States, erected in 1806. It is closed
during the mid-1970s for renovations and reopened to the
public in 1987. I'sastopon the Black Heritage Trail, andacts
as far more than a museum; church meetings, concerts,
lectures and exhibits are all held here. The AMH is created
not merely in response to the need fora place of worship for
black Bostonians, but also as a forum for self-expression,
Fundsfor the meeting house come from both black and white
supporters. In 1808, the AMH even housed a school for black
children, and abolitionists held meetings in the church. By
1898, the "congregation" had outgrown the meeting house
and moved to other areas ofthe city, and the AMH seas sold
as a synagogue. In 1972, the Museum of Afro-American
History purchased the AMH, and had it designated as a
National Historic Landmark in 1974. However, in 1973, a
worker accidentally started a fire in the building, and the
‘AMH remained closed until 1987, Now the AMH offers a
broad range of educational programming related to the hic.
tory and culture of African-American.

Pug Jackson (sce the Dramatis Personae chapter) can
often be found in or near the AMH. During the time it serves
aa synagogue, he occasionally paces the block, frowning at
the old building. In 1972, he comes up with enough money
to anonymously donate the funds to the Museum of Afro-
American History with which the Museum purchases the
AMHL Again, in 1973, he donates much of the money with,
which the AMH is restored and renovated after the fie. He
even provides the descriptions of the original building, on
which the architects and contractors base theit plans.

He Comepy Spor

Some ofthe younger Brujah and Ravnoswho passthrough
town can be found here, enjoying a laugh while casing the
crowd forboth dinner and likely recruits. Both professional and
amateur comedy talent can be found here, and the crowd is

Arron: Boson Hoa

37

Primarily made up of local college stuxdents. Some find it quite

to pick up a drunken meal here, who will pass off what
happened as an alcohol-induced dream at worst. The only
problem with this is that people rarely come to the Comedy
Spot alone; it's hardly a singles-bar atmosphere

Tue ISanetta STewaART GARDNER Museum.
The lsabella Stewart Gardner Museum is erected by
Isabella at the beginning of the 20th century to house the
many works of art she and her husband have collected over
Isabella is. fiercely independent woman, a trait

redibly se:

the ye:
\dalous during her day, and various
unlikely legends about the sort of bel she engages in

1ong the upper classes. The jewel
the museum is the central courtyard garden, housed in a

79-foot-tall glass-roofed atrium. The collection is domi
nated by Italian Renaissance paintings (including Titian's
ind 19th.

sometimes till circulate

den
includes rare orchids, though much of the plantings change
according to season.

laabell

tipulates in her will that the arrangement of the
ce her death or the muscum will

ped off. This is unusual
ts contents have

as a result, emained
largely the same since 1924, when Isabella supposedly died,
bbuc was in fact Embraced by Toreador Elst Linden (sce

Dramatis Personae). Since the
Midwest, but she still visits her legacy on occasion.

The museum added an external administrative wing in
1932, a gift shop in 1972, a café in 1978, and greenhouses in
which to grow plants for the garden in the 1970s. The displays
are largely unprotected from the elements of wandering
hands; many hang near sunlit windows or out in the open

Isabella has moved to the

where anyone can touch them. Asa result, a permanent staff
of conservators constantly upkeep and make repairs to the
displayed works. In 1990, two Sabbat City Gangrel disguised
as police officers talked their way past the security guards,
disarmed the alarm system, and stole 200 million dollars'
worth of art — 13 pieces in all. They stole the at
Sabbat initiatives in the area, and choose the property of a
Camarilla Toreador for the irony of the act. They left a hat
belonging tone of the Giovanniat the site, in order to make
a much trouble as posible. This disrupted the almost tem
erate relations between the Giovanni and the local Camarilla.

A seal carved in marble and set into the museum's brick
wall bears Isabella's "C'est mon plaisir," French for "i
is my pleasure." Italso bears
ity and rebirth.

phoenix, symbol of immorta

‘THe Museum or Fine Ants

The Muscum isnoondinary art collection. The MA displays
‘everything from paintings of American Revolutionary patriots to
‘exhibits on Egyptian funerary techniques, a tiny vory-and-gokd

Nuova Maar

138

stanue of Minoan snake godkles, and Peruvian tapestries. Iteven
displays Japanese garden outside. Els Linden, a Toreador who
resides in Cape Cod, Massachusetts, has made an extended loan
of a sizable portion of her collection to the MFA, and would do
almoxt anything to see that it comes to no harm.

Tue New ENGLAND Aan

Since the early 1970s, the aquarium has served as an
Elysium for local Camarilla Kindred, and Quentin King (see
Dramatis Personae), the ostensible Camarilla Prince of Bos-

round, and a three-story.
sharks. A kinetic sculptu

been known ta memer

alled "Echo of the Waves" has

young Toreador for hours

Newnury Srreer

Newbury Street supposedly ties fr third place with New
York City's Fifth Avenue for the highest rents in the United
States. t's fashionable place, where even walking across the
street demands two hours of grooming and preparation
Newbury Street boasts hair designers, modeling studios,
ning salons and 1
well a several upsca

y stores selling antiques and artwork, as

cafés

THe Somers Cun
The Somers Club
Christopher Hammet,

an private, exclusive club owned by
recluse of a Ventrue who prefers to

hhave everyone come to him rather than go out to political
functions. The Somers Club has a good enough reputation
that he has some success with this, though not as much as he
would like. This is not, however, enough tomake him willing
to go out and brave the streets filled with these new, filthy,
dangerous things called "car.

Hammet hides his technophobia behind an eccentric
love for the old and an outwardly confident personality.
‘Hammet has his haven in the concrete shelter beneath the
club, which he had installed mid-century. Everyone knows
how to find him, but no one considers him dangerous enough
to deal with. He won't see anyone who hasn't made an
appointment with his secretary first. This is more than a small
come-down for the Ventrue, who is rumored to have been a
prince in Europe somewhere fora number of years. Some say
he's t00 outmoded to function well in the modem world,
much less any kind of political arena. If it weren't for the
sizable fortune he's amassed, he likely would have little tono

effect on politics anymore

BostTon's SABBAT

‘Tue Biue Peart

The Blue Peat! is a restaurant in Chinatown under the
nfluence of Max Lowell (see Dramatis Perso

ingrel. Max is pretty much the only Sabbat member


permanently stationed in the area, though others come and
go with fair frequency. Max's rooms exist in a sub-basement
beneath the Blue Pearl, accessible through a few winding
cold tunnels, the entrance to which is well hidden. Max
holds a sort of court in a back room of the restaurant.
Chinatown residents, many of whom either know what he
ts or have some idea that he isn't quite what he seems, come
to Max with information and requests. The information he
takes gladly. Ifhe'sin a good mood and it's within his ability
the may grant the requests; he merely extracts a promise of
a favor later. Because of this arrangement, many of the
people in Chinatown owe Max.

The Blue Pear is furnished in all shades of blue. Paper
lanterns hang near the ceiling. Low tables of a dark wood
surrounded by teal cushions decorate the special private
dining rooms. A beautiful, quiet Japanese gil in along dress,
black with blue flowers, grets visitors at the door, and ushers
them to their tables. The git's name is Christine, and she is
Max's lover

‘THe Freepom TRAM

‘The Freedom Trail is primarily known as a three-mile-
long, red tourist trap. A stretch of bricks overlaid by red paint
marks the trail, which links 16 sites, each of which played a
part in the revolution that created America. The tral is
overseen by, depending on where you are, National Park
‘Service rangers, U.S. Naval officers or personnel employed
by specific sites. It is known as one of the safest tourist sites
available — during the day, at any rate.

‘The occasional Sabbat vampire can be found here;
because the Sabbat like to style themselves as rebels and
"treedom-fighters" of a sort, the symbolism of the Freedom
Trail appeals to them (the "tourist-trap" aspect of it seems
to have gone right over their heads). The Sabbat have
chosen several sites along the trail as message-posts, where
tmissives can be left for Max Lowell of the next Sabbat who
comes through town. A couple of young Giovanni ghouls
find one of the sites at King's Chapel in 1970, and delight
in making minor yet important alterations to the messages
they find there.

‘The Freedom Trail was marked as such by 1953. The
Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce and the Advertis-
‘ing Club of Greater Boston keep up the trail In 1966, the
first information booth went up, distributing maps and
brochures about the trail. The main problem with the site,
as far as che tourists are concemed, is that the sites are not
all owned by the same people (some are federally owned,
others owned by the city oF state), so the hours of operation
differ from site to site.

‘The 16 sites are: the Boston Common, the gold-domed
Massachusetts State House, the Park Street Church, the
Granary Burying Ground, the Unitarian (previously Angli-
can) King's Chapel, King's Chapel Burying Ground, a
‘memorial to the First Public School, the Old Comer Book-

the renovated Old State House, the Boston Massacre
Site, Faneuil Hall, the Paul Revere House, the Episcopalian
‘Old North Church, Copp's Hill Burying Ground in the
North End, the Bunker Hill Monument and the USS Con-
stitution (the ship also known as "Old Ironsides"). Even the
‘Sabbat tend to stay away from the last five sites, which are
tin Grovannt-tnfluenced areas, unless they're trying to anger
the Giovanni.

‘Trinrry Church

Trinity Church is known as a masterpiece of architec-
ture, not just in Boston but throughout the country. Its
interior is remarkably Victorian, with massive towers,
magnificent religious murals and exquisite stained-glass
windows. Trinity i an Fpixcopalian church, with a long:
history of bold, charismatic priests. The church also runs
extensive programs to help the unfortunate, from coordi-
nating volunteers to help AIDS patients, to running
prisoner early-release programs, literacy projectsand shel-
ters for battered women,

A Lasombra named Jessica Wagner, who travels exten-
sively throughout Eastern America, is a patton of the
Church, and donates large amounts of money to it. No one
at the Church knows what Ms. Wagner is; she takes on the
{identity of her own daughter every 20 to 30 years, and those
who run the Church rarely, ifever, see her in person. The
rector of the Church, however, always has contact informa-
tion for her, and can be persuaded to pass on a message for
worthy donation. Jessica is influential in Sabbat politics of
New England.

OTHER DLACESOF
INTEREST

Boston CoMMON AND THE PUBLIC GARDEN

Boston Common isthe oldest public park inthe country,
and the land has belonged to Boston since the 1600s. It
‘comprises more than 50 acres. Many sights can be enjoyed
within its boundaries — magicians, musicians, sermons,
duels, puppet shows, parades, horse races and fireworks.
Mounted police patrol the common, pusheart vendors dis-
play their wares along the paths, and proselytizers preach to
anyone who'll listen.

‘The Public Garden isn't as large as Boston Common,
but is at least as beautiful. A pond lies ensconced in the
center of it where people can take rides in swan-shaped
boats. More than 100 varieties of trees grow in the garden,
and most of them are labeled with both their vernacular
and Latin names.

Neither the common nor the park could be considered
safe for mortals after dark, but such is true of most parks in
urban areas. For the Kindred, however, dark is when the fun
begins. The parks become known as good places to lose

Nuova Macarna

1"

pursuers, especially for young punks who like to irritate the
police. In the 1960s, a couple of Toreador decided to clean up
the parks so that artists could "hold court" there. The two
young men disappeared mysteriously however, and their
precious artists decided tofind a haven elsewhere after being
chased out by... something

‘Tue Boston Puntic Limrary

‘The Boston Public Library consists of rwo buildings: the
‘older McKimbuildingerccted in 1895,and the newer Johnson
buihding erected in 1972. The McKie building is a comfort-
ing place to elder Kindred; itis filled with marble, huge
arches, great staircases, columns and beautiful works of art
‘The modem building is much more functional and practical,
Las still aticactive — its wike-opee placan arcade noren for
moder libraries.

The BPL is America's first major free municipal
Library, and it's the first public library in the 19th century
to allow people to remove books from the premises. The
BPL sponsors many concerts, movies, lectures and exhib-
its, It's huge, and many find it easy to have private,
unobserved meetings within its gargantuan halls. Some
of the BPL's events provide good opportunities to mingle
with prominent Bostonians. The BPL is one of the Mil-

well-protected private collection of books (that only one
‘or two of the librarians are aware of) for the family. Some
of the Camarilla population of Boston can be found here,
attending evening events

Fenway Dark

Fenway Park is tied with Detroit's Tiger Stadium for
the honor of being the oldest major-league ballpark in the
country; it opened in 1912. It is never rebuilt during the
course of this chronicle. The scoreboard is manually oper-
ated, and the grass is genuine, as opposed to Astroturf.
Fenway is the home of the Boston Red Sox, but it is also
used, on occasion, for concerts, memorial services, revival
meetings and soccer games. Fenway has become a popular
attraction for young Kindred in the area; some even
‘conduct business meetings in the private suites during
‘evening baseball games.

ISLAND LEATHER,

Island Leather's front room sells everything from jackets
to boots to gloves to purses. Anthony Frazier, the store's
original owner and his daughter Lindsay (who took over in
1975) even sell whole sheets of dyed leather. If a customer
asks to be shown to the back room, he is escorted into a long
room filled with leather-and-metal implements. The pruri-
cent trappings of the leather-fetish culture can be found there:
leather cutts; collars; chains; whips; and more exotic equip-
ment, both for show and for serious use.

Anthony and Lindsay are extremely discreet, and will
never deliberately divulge their customers' eccentricities.

They can also create custom leather works, and will go to
great lengths to find just the right accents to finish off a
piece. They're perfectly willing to make outrageous leather
outfits if that's what a customer wants, but they specialize in
functionality. Andreas goes to the Fraziers for some of his
torture equipment.

Pincney Sacer

Until the mid-60s, when much of the area is renovated,
Pinckney Street divides the "haves" and the "have-now" of
Beacon Hill. Fur the Kindred of the area it'san uneasy place;
Toreador or Ventrue might find themselves walking down
the street in front of a Brujah spoiling for a fight, or a
Giovanni hitman.

‘Tue Prupentiat Center

"The Pru" involves a 52-story tower and a much
shorter, sprawling complex. The tower has an observation
deck on the 50th floor that gives a wondrous panoramic
view of the city. The shorter complex below houses apart-
ments, offices, hotels, a food court, restaurants and many
stores. I's an easy place to become lost in and, if you're
looking for something to buy, this is probably the place to
do it, though the prices won't exactly be cheap. Its odd
little corridors and unexpected courtyards make conve
nient meeting places.

THe Rum Novemner

‘The Rum November is a speakeasy during Prohibi-
tion. The establishment's blinds are lowered three inches
as the sign that the latest shipment of booze has arrived
‘When Prohibition ends, the Rum November is turned
into a restaurant. The back room where the booze is
stored during Prohibition becomes a drug clearinghouse
in the 1940s.

A Secret piace

A number of unusual tools can be found here; A
Secret Place specializes in carrying — legal — items that
can't be found anywhere ele in the Boston area. They
charge outrageous prices, but they get away with it be-
cause they have no competition. Everything from
electronics to office supplies to gardening tools can be
found here. Mail-order catalogs are available, and the
store keeps late hours.

SympHony ANTIQUES

‘Symphony Antiques specializes in restoring an
tiques, though they do buy and sell a tew pieces. Mary
Gore and Ulysses Rohan, two Boston natives,
shop. For those Kindred who have trouble letting go of
their pasts, this is the perfect place to ensure their
trappings' longevity. Mary and Ulysses take render
care of those artifacts entrusted to their keeping, and
produce them again looking like new. Symphony opens
in 1964.

‘Arve: Boston Hicsuaes

Universities
Three of the most notable universities in the Boston.
area are Boston University (BU), in Boston right next to
the Charles River; the Massachusetts Institute of Tech-
logy (MIT), almost across the river from BU in

‘ambridge: and Harvard, further on into Cambridge
from MIT.

Boston Universrry

BU isquite the party college, and a drunken fraternity
party is prime feeding ground for those vampires who can
pass for near-college age (those vampires who look older
‘can sometimes pick from the drunken visitors on theit way
home). Some MIT frats are in the same area and are good
for the same thing. An enterprising vampire will pick upa
college ID or three (real or fake) for those times when the
frats bother checking. While frat parties might look differ-
‘ent in the early 20th century, make no mistake — they
‘exist. This ts one of those mainstays of Boston society, as
much as the natives dislike it. One of the reasons the
fraternities have prevailed despite local opposition is that
Pug Jackson, in the interest of maintaining viable feeding
grounds for all comers, has thrown some money and politi-
cal muscle around.

‘Tre Massacnuserts,
Institute or TecHNOLOGY

MIT is the ultimate place to hide, especially if a
vampire thinks she's being tailed and doesn't want to
reveal the location of her haven. A legend lists MIT as
the third-largest set of interconnected corridors in the
world, after the Kremlin and the Pentagon. Most MIT
buildings on the main campus are connected both above
and below ground. A few of the above-ground corridors
have windows opening on to them, but most are dark
even during the day, and there are plenty of steam
tunnels in which to hide regardless. Almost every build-
inghas at least three or four different entrances and exits
on various floors, making it easy to lose an unwanted
follower. A rumor among the local Kindred since the late
"70s of early *80s has it that a number of MIT "roof.
tunnel hackers" get together on the second-floor lounge
of the student center every Friday night at 11P.M. and, if
a vampire were to go along with them, she could get a
guided tour of the hidden parts of campus.

HARVARD

Harvard ts the place to win friends and influence
people for those more politically minded Kindred. Many
wealthy and influential families send theit children here,
and a number of future politicians come out of Harvard's
hulls. Less well known is Harvard's night school, the
"Extension School," in existence since 1910. Many suc-
cessful professionals go to Harvard's evening classes for
further education. Some Kindred have discovered this to

be a marvelous backdoor into offices around the city.
Harvard also contains a number of museums and libraries,
including the only museum in America dedicated to Ger-
‘manic art, and a botanical museum with a display of 3000
glass flowers.

OTHER
SUPERNATURALS

For those interested in crossing their Vampire chronicle
with White Wolfs other World of Darkness games, we
present the following information. Be warned, however —
‘crossover isa dangerous thing, and requires not only a bit of
work beforehand (to make the systems operate sensibly),
but abo a mature group of players who can handle the
differences in their characters' concepts and power levels.
Storytellers should also consider their desire to bring other
denizens of the World of Darkness into Nuova Malattia —
this is certainly not the chronicle for happy elves, gore-
spattered werewolves or philosophical mages who look
heavenward instead of at the world around them. This tory
works best with vampires only, but the ultimate decision
rests in the Storyteller's hands.

Maoeann Werewoir

For those who play Mage: The Ascension and wish to
work it into their chronicle, there are a few Virtual Adepts.
and Void Engineers in the area, particularly at MIT, the
‘Computer Muscum and dozens of technology-oriented
companies. A Progenitor or two can be found at the late-
century wealth of biology companies. For the same reasons,
those with Werewolf: The Apocalypse may wish to base

-w Glass Walkers in Cambridge. An Uktena sept exists
just outside of town. It is entirely possible that Techno-
crats and those others in the technology industry might
run afoul of Giovanni who have invested in their compa-
nies. fthe Giovanni have interest in competing companies,
then perhaps the Giovanni wish to procure blackm:

rial or some other hold over these people in order to
‘obtain trade secrets.

World of Darkness: Sorcerers mentions that there
are Bone Gnawers who protect the Boston temple of a
group of hedge mages called the Ancient Order of the
Aeon Rites. The temple is located in a charity center
called Saint Simon's Rest. This might be just the group to
try to right some of the Giovanni's wrongs — they'd be
very outclassed, but their werewolf friends might help to
even the odds a bit.

Halls of the Arcanum may be a useful source for the
‘Storyteller who wishes to involve the Arcanum' observers
in her plots; the Boston chapter of the Arcanum was the
second chapter established. The Chapter House was burned
down in 1910, but later rebuilt. The Boston chapter enjoys

Noo, Maca


some measure of autonomy. Certainly it's possible that
these researchers have heard rumor of the Giovanni family's
odd proclivities, and they may wish to investigate. The
Arcanum traditionally watches and does not interfere, but
what if one of them is caught and brought to Andreas?
‘Would Andreas try fo control the man' Might he simply kill
‘him, perhaps atter torturing him for information? Or maybe
hhe would ask a ghoul (one of the characters, pethaps) to
attempt to infiltrate the Arcanum on some level.

Cuaxcerme

Freeholds and Hidden Glens details a Boston Free-
hold. Ittells of atavern called "The Fool's Gambit," which
‘opened in 1839 in the Combat Zone. An annual riddle
contest is held there on the Fourth of July. A Malkavion
named Elizabeth Whitt hides in the tavern, and has even
come to believe that she is a changeling. All kithain are
welcome at the tavern — seelie, unseelie, noble and
commoner. The sidhe lord of the area, Duke Tymon, who
arrived in 1969, wants control of the tavern, but High
King David has ordered him to coexist peacefully with its
commoner owners. For the moment, Tymon acquiesces,
although resentfully. The characters could run into a
mysterious Malkavian they've never met before, or even
get caught up in the riddle contest somehow.

Wrank
The significant Giovanni population in Boston makes
existence as a wraith dangerous. Any wraith who knows

what's good for him stays well away from the North End.
‘Other than that, there isa thriving wraith community in
the area — afterall, everyone dies, even if not everyone
‘ends up sticking around afterward. And Boston is a big
City. Because Boston is so large, there isadecent Hierarchy
presence here; Legionnaires patrol the streets. Wraiths
who interfere in the mortal world on behalf of the Giovanni
need to watch their backs as much as any other Renegades.
Some of the possibilities for wraith involvement in this
chronicle are obvious. But what if there ate wraiths out
there who want to stop the Giovanni? Pethaps a wraith's
dead mother is under Giovanni control, and they want her
back. Maybe the Hierarchy is just barely becoming aware
that some of the supposed "renegade" activity in the area
may be caused by outside influences, and they've sent
someone to investigate.

In the modern nights (Act IV), the Shadowlands will
have been blasted by the last Great Maelstrom, leaving
very little let of former wraith society. Boston will, how
ever, remain an outpost of fallen Hierarchy prominence.
Like soldiers abandoned abroad after the collapse of the
Roman Empire, the Stygian wraiths who claimed Boston
as a Necropolis will desperately cling to their crumbling
city. Amid marauding bands of rogue wraiths and the
desperate individuals who find themselves bound to im-
mobile Fetters, the memory of the former grandeur of
Boston will remain strong. For more details on modern
wraiths, see Ends of Empire.


GIOVANNI CHRONICLES IV
vova dlalattia

An old, unbeating Heart
stallment of the Giovanni Chronicles resolves the
{ The Sun Has Set, inc the significar
f the most me er nerican histor
from the Roarir
Players get a chance t
Clan Giovanni, including participay 30s sperate

Giovanni chronicles tv includes
I n of the popular Giovanni Chronicles
toty.spanning nine decade

fone of the crit sect battles

WE

Do Black Die
MY le
