# File: Glass Walkers (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



"The second thing I'm going to do," Thomas decided, "is
kill myself. This is as penance and punishment for the horrible
sin of listening to what you had to say. Perhaps if do that, then
our lady Gaia will redeem and forgive me, and accept me back
to Her breast as Her loving child."

The basement, which was bereft of any machinery or furni-
ture, or indeed anything besides leaking pipes above and cold
concrete below, seemed to have been constructed for the sole
reason that someone had decided there should be a basement here.
Poor ventilation forced anyone inside to struggle for breath.
Huddled in the middle of this, sitting back to back, were aman and
amonster. The man gripped apistol tightly in one hand andastring
of beads on the other. Each bead had a phase of the moon engraved
in it, and hanging from the beads were an obscure symbol that
signified "Clashing Boom Boom" and another symbol constructed
from two long looping arcs, the glyph for Gaia, arranged into an
approximation of a cross. The monster breathed heavily, his claws
and fur slick with blood and an anger growing in his eyes as the
small lump of flesh leaning against his back finished his little
diatribe.

"The first thing I'm going to do is kill you."

eee

"Castors." The report flopped onto the desk, the end result
of two weeks of surveillance, as Isaak Bockhold gave the
executive summary for the cell. "They make industrial wheels,
used on trolleys. Most of their money comes from several

Tn the Stinking Basement
| ThreeSub-Levels

Eolwrthe have

accounts with hospitals, making extremely quiet wheels for
laundry and food trolleys, as well as gurneys."

Around the room, eight people either paid complete attention
to the background story of their current operation, or ignored the
boring repetition of what they already knew. The chirp and buzz of a
PC in the corner of the broom-closet third floor apartment made for
a subtle accompaniment to Bockhold's monologue. "Now, what's
interesting is that we know they've begun illegally dumping the oil
they use in the manufacture of their product. On its own? Not cause
foran operation. That describes half the companies in town. But then
you get Edward Ditmar."

Opening the folder, he pulled out a picture of a balding,
overweight man perhaps in his early fifties. "Used to work for
the hospital. Before that, he worked for three different phar-
maceutical companies, all three suspected to be under the
control or influence of Wyrm entities."

"And it's awfully suspicious that he gets employed a
month before the illegal dumping begins," added Hinetze, a
petite dark-haired girl barely seventeen years old. No doubt
she thought it was profound, but most of the rest of the table
barely paid any attention. In this situation, it was a statement
of the blindingly obvious.

"Now you're reading the book, Hinetze. And a contact of
mine that works for Genereader and her mob did a bit of fact
checking for me. He turned up on a database they have, along
with a complete profile. Ditmar here is always a bridesmaid,
never the bride. Listen to the job titles: ‘Assistant Director of

2 Glass Walkers


Marketing,' ‘Assistant Consultant to the Producer for Athletic
Products' and, best for last, a simple, ‘Assistant.' He hasn't had a
job description in over twenty years."

The bulky, tall man flicked his blond hair back from his
eyes and continued. "Which means he's being paid for all the
wrong reasons. And that's where we step in. Thomas?"

Thomas lowered his hand again and asked, "Are we assuming
the entire organization is corrupt, or just this one man?"

"Does it matter?" Bockhold returned, his voice even.
Thomas' bony chin nodded vigorously.

"Yes, it does. If we assume the only real problem with the
company is Ditmar, then it makes sense to send in an assassin
rather than risk a full scale assault with the purposes of entirely
dismantling the company." Thomas began. His face grew slightly
ted and his words cluttered together, "Second of all, it takes time
to bring in someone from overseas —"

Bockhold shook his head quickly. "Time that we don't
have." He looked back, his voice raising slightly as he stood
from his chair, trying to assert his authority over the skinnier,
lanky man raising the opposition. "Time is most definitely
money here. Each day the dumping continues is another day a
cleanup will need to happen."

"Question?" Hinetze raised her hand an inch from the table.

"What?" The sharp snap in his voice made Hinetze jump
a fraction, and Thomas caught an angry glare in her eye, one
of an entirely different magnitude to the one growing in his
own. Thomas may not be alpha, but he'd been around long
enough to be well aware the exact results of angering a Garou,
even one so young as her.

Hinetze, to her credit, kept her seat for the time being. "The
dumping is illegal by federal law. If we exposed them to the
government we'd avoid risking ourselves, and we might even get
achance to alert some of the other Garou in the sept to pick up the
remains." Her voice had the high and whiny quality of a child
attempting to impress her mother after being caught playing with
toys when she should be studying. It didn't work; Isaak was about
to interrupt her when Thomas did so instead.

"The government here is rife with leeches, bloodsuckers
and, for that matter, a vampire or two. Or at least people
affiliated with them. Any admission to them would be point-
less, and it'd open us to attack. Isaak's got the right idea, but
we'll rat out the details later. Meeting is over." Thomas kept his
voice low, to try and calm the nearly snapping Hinetze. It was
a trick every good Kin learned. Probably true in every tribe,
Thomas thought.

Thomas had the trick down, though. Enough compassion
to calm down the girl, enough authority to get everyone else to
back out. Except, of course, Isaak. Not that it mattered. Thomas
mouthed ‘Not you' to him as the group filed out, and the
moment they were alone in the apartment. Eight cigarettes
began burning outside the apartment door.

"What was that for?" The smaller man snapped, his eyes
narrowed in disbelief. "You barge your way through the meet-
ing, ignore key facts in your presentation, intentionally antago-
nize poor Jennifer..." Thomas held up his finger, reprimanding
his alpha, "She's good, you know. She didn't fast track for
nothing; she's got the quickest reaction time I've ever seen and
a rigid discipline for a sixteen-year-old. She could be the next

step forward for us. And her idea was misguided, but still good.
Why did you shoot it down?"

"] didn't—" Isaak began, but was quickly interrupted by
Thomas once more.

"Oh, shut up, Zachie." Thomas would have laughed had
he not been snarling. "Listen, I've known you ever since our
mother pushed you out screaming into this world. I was there
to hate you when | had to share my room with you." His eyes,
though disappointed, stayed gently warm, "I was there to hate
you when you Changed, and Mum had to explain to me how
you were special and I wasn't special like you. Read, I wasn't
special. And I'll tell you what, I'm damn near close to hating
you now." He leaned closer and spoke softer, "Her idea wasn't
that bad. The government is a closed option, but why not the
televised news? We've got friends over there. We could push it
in. Why not?" A pause. "Why are you determined to make this
an operation, Zachie?"

There was another pause. Isaak's earlier arrogance broke
under his elder brother's stern words, replaced by a pained grimace.
"Listen, Thomas. You've always trusted me before. I've not let you
down. You just have to trust me on this one too."

His tongue slowly worked into his cheek, Thomas shook
his head. "I don't trust you that much, Isaak." He folded his
arms. "I want insurance. Do a spirit recon."

eee

"Don't touch anything." Isaak laid down the basic rules, as
he always did. Around him, the pack huddled around the
glowing screen, jostling now and again for room. Ten people
didn't fit around a single screen well. "Don't say anything.
Don't move. Don't breathe, if you can avoid it. Spirits are
touchy, and if you don't do everything exactly by the book,
they're prone to buggering off. Worse, they're prone to doing
nasty things to your system first. Everyone clear?"

Most of the pack nodded (Hinetze especially vigorously),
although Thomas, used to his brother's posturing, simply shook
his head and Julian asked, "Isn't it all on computer now?" Julian,
a mountain of a man, wasn't as dumb as others assumed him to
be, but enjoyed playing the part.

Isaak shrugged. "Most of it." He turned back around to the
screen and moved the pointer to a folder marked, ‘Stoneform
MP3s'. "These were everything I was going to be, Thomas," he
said, his voice quiet and pained. "I worked for months on that
band before everything happened." Thomas nodded, equally
quiet. "How many should I offer?"

"Twenty." Thomas's cool voice made Isaak flinch, so he
compromised. "Fifteen."

Apart from the hum of the computer, the room was silent.
Isaak still had his head down, refusing to comment. He looked up
again, flicking the mouse over the various MP3 icons, bringing up
the filenames and looking at them lovingly. Dreams were in those
files. Long dead, maybe, but dreams nonetheless. Isaak finally
suggested, "Ten." Before Thomas could object again, Isaak argued,
"I don't have many. We only ever recorded fifty songs, Thomas. If
you don't want me to have to go out and make up something new,
this is all we have."

Thomas silently nodded his assent, and Isaak clicked on the

icon that set up his LAN connection. Of course, the computer was

In the Stinking Basement, Three Sub-Levels Below the Wyrm 3


connected to the Internet, but the connection he was interested in
was the one represented by an Ethemet card hanging from fishing
line from the ceiling in front of a mirror. It didn't really need a
connection of any sort, but the symbolism of an Ethernet card
helped. Perhaps the spirits found the symbol familiar. Once the
connection was established, Isaak used the ‘Find Computer' com-
mand and typed out, ‘Araignie.' A few moments passed, and sud-
denly the screen went entirely blue save for a white text prompt.
Immediately, text leaped from the screen:

> Hello Dave.

> Where do you want to go today?

"Great. A cheeky bastard frog Net Spider." Thomas mut-
tered. Isaak flicked back his head with an angry stare, and
Thomas shut up. Much as he knew the idle comment wouldn't
hurt, his nonchalance might suggest to others that they can
talk, and they might say something hurtful.

Still, he had to restrain a smile as Hinetze asked, confused,
"Net Frog?"

Ignoring this, Isaak punched in "Bonsoir, Araignie. Ca va?"
> Ca va.

"Good to know. We need a recon job done on Braunsteiner
and Wenz Wheels Company. Wade through the employment
records and personnel files, run names up against our database of
known enemies. Also swing past their security cameras; make sure
they line up with their theoretical security timetable. You'll
probably need to find their security company; you'll find them in
their expense accounts. | want stats on known enemies found,
likelihood of silver arsenal from midnight to four AM, likelihood
of spiritual capabilities from midnight to four AM."
> You know I can't do that, Dave. Nothing in this life is free.

Isaak breathed out, and felt slightly reassured by his
brother's hand on his shoulder. Breathing in again, he typed,
"Ten of my MP3 files." The screen didn't respond for a few
seconds. Trying to hurry the spirit, he added, "Randomly
chosen. You'll probably get one or two of my favorites."
> ACK-ceptible. Bring the knife down, Mr. Ironic Name.

Isaak bit his tongue. His brother was right; it was a cheeky Net
Spider that had somehow gotten into its head the idea that it was
French. And his sense of humor didn't help him with the next step.
He'd done it before, but it never got any easier. He pressed ‘escape'
and the screen reappeared. Closing his eyes, he swirled his mouse
about the screen and clicked. Opening his eyes, he moved the file
toanother folder. And repeated the procedure. Once that was done,
he went through and deliberately overwrote each file with nothing
but silence. There was no stronger way to delete the data. Once he
finished, he leaned back and hoped it was enough. As the screen lay
dormant, Julian commented, "Bit of an anti-climax, innit?"

Isaak and Thomas said in unison, "Just wait." And as soon
as the words rolled off their lips, the screen suddenly flooded
with text documents that began highlighting themselves with
tremendous speed. The impressive demonstration came to a
climax when a final report punched out into a text document
in the very middle of the screen:
> Known enemies listed: Ditmar, Edward. Ebner, Roland.
Gerbeck, Hugo. Hahne, Alwin. Heinemann, Lorelei.
> Probability of silver arsenal on a weekday during the hours of
midnight to four AM: 14%

> Probability of spiritual capacity on a weekday during the
hours of midnight to four AM: 6%

> Are you on operation tonight? Need any help on SpiComs?
Is Daniella handling the switch? I like Daniella.

If it could have produced a French accented chuckle at the
end of that sentence, it would have. But no one would have
cared, anyway. The restrained silence had turned to shocked
silence. "Jesus wept." Isaak muttered. "Roland Ebner. Alwin
Hahne. They're all in this."

"Lorelei Heinemann." Julian added, a touch of joyous
anger in his voice. "We still suspect she was behind the attack
on our caern last year. We owe her for three Garou."

Thomas whistled low, and nodded. "Five of the most
destructive humans in the direct service of the Wyrm we have
on file, all working on one operation. Their defenses are
virtually nil. We caught the bastards with their pants down. |
take it all back, Isaak. This is ripe for an operation."

"Shouldn't we do it during the day, then, when we'll likely
take out these guys?" Hinetze asked.

"Not with Lorelei in their number. She'll have something
planned, that's forsure. She's the sneakiest bitch we've ever gone
up against and we suspect her of carrying a few ‘blessings' of the
Wyrm." Isaak declared. "And these statistics are only valid from
midnight to four AM tonight. The operation goes ahead as
planned. Get your packs on, we'll ask for blessings before we set
out. Daniella? Get the sutures."

eee

"C'mon, open your hand up. This isn't easy even without
you squirming, Hinetze. Think of us Kinfolk. You're lucky
compared to us." Daniella's already lined face screwed up into a
mess of wrinkles as she pushed the surgical needle through the
meaty bits between the knuckles on the teenager's hands. It was
the first time she'd gone through this ritual, and the old matron
of the group's brusque manner didn't help her. Still, Daniella was
the senior packmate and her old hands were firmas she pulled the
sutures through. Delicately but easily, she slipped a small charm
in the shape of the half moon onto the long surgical thread, and
moved back to the first member, sealing the ends together.

The pack had formed into a circle, each one standing with
one hand stretched out into the middle of the circle. The old,
misty haired woman ducked between two of the group and
advised Hinetze, "Close your fist tight. They come out easier that
way." Isaak nodded to the younger woman as well. She was the
pack's new Philodox. This rite was hers.

She clenched her fist, wincing as the thread pulled at her skin,
and loudly called, "Spirit of war and destruction, of guns and death,
ourspirit stepmother, listen tousnow. Clashing Boom-Boom, whose
voice is heard by the wounded and the sniper, give your children
communication, training and one mind. Give this to your favored
and disfavored children alike." As she spoke, a mist began to form in
between them, agray mist that smelled of charcoal, potassium nitrate
and blood. The fog of war. She began to call her prayer again, but her
words grew jumbled and mish mashed. The fog of war grew stronger,
and as she repeated it a third time, she was unintelligible.

As she completed the third passage, everyone yanked their
hands backward, and the sutures ripped through the thin flesh of
their knuckles. The fog of war went red, and sprayed over all of
them in a fine blood mist. A few of the group spat, and Daniella

4 Glass Walkers


handed around towels to clean themselves up with. Hinetze, left
with the remainder of the sutures, yanked it out of her own hand
whilst she gritted her teeth. Her bloodied left hand ached as the
group wiped off as much blood as they could. The Garou in the
pack shifted their hands, watching the tears heal instantly. The
Kinfolk bandaged their hands up and tried to ignore the pain.
"Move it, guys. We're on in twenty minutes. Get your gear and
let'sgo." Isaak pushed the group ahead. Operations had commenced.

Nine shadows fell to the ground just outside the wire fence
that marked the edge of Braunsteiner and Wenz, taking cover
behind a small garden outside the reach of cameras and spot-
lights. In the spaces the spotlights didn't catch, the guards were
visible by tiny pricks of light in the darkness: Cigarettes. Beyond
the guards and the wire, the factory jutted out of the ground like
a monolith of brick, glass and plastic.

"Marx would have loved the place." Thomas quipped,
loosely. "Who wants to get us in?"

Hinetze was the first one to nod, and whispered, "Mirror."
Isaak quickly grabbed a mirror and a penlight, cupping his hand
around the mirror so it gave a reflection but didn't give away their
position. Hinetze looked at it, and then she wasn't there.

Stepping sideways, the young Philodox took one more look at
her pack, not just feeling but also even seeing the marks of Clashing
Boom-Boom over them, tying them together. Dog tagshung around
each pack member's neck, not just the Garou but the Kinfolk too.
She also saw the spiders clinging to each member's hips, crawling
over their SpiComs and waiting to send messages between the pack.
Completely untraceable, unless youknew the secret. Hinetze smiled
at her adopted family once more, and then got to work.

Garou had more edges in urban warfare over humans than
simple size and natural weaponry. They were also the masters of
maneuvering safely. Walking past the guards and through the fence,
Hinetze found a second secure location among a set of dumpsters.
Carefully avoiding the spider on her SpiCom, she pressed down the
button and asked, "Isaak, Daniella, are you hearing me?"

Stubbing outanothersmoke, Daniella's raspy voice responded,
"Yeah. All conversations are being logged. Talk away."

"Loud and clear. Situation?" Isaak's voice remained calm.

"Thanks, Daniella. Isaak, stuck between two trash heaps.
Head about one ‘k' north, stay out of sight. Kill the cameras,
the guards if you have to, then climb the fence and we can
enter via a window. I'll keep scouting ahead once you get
here." Hinetze tucked herself between the trashcans and
looked up into the glass of the window above her. The world
around her slowly returned.

Isaak took his hand off the SpiCom and nodded to the
group. "Follow me. Single file, stay low." Crouching, Isaak
began circling the area, Thomas just behind him. The order was
deliberate, Garou at either end and directly in the middle of the
group, Kinfolk in between the Garou. If fired on, the Garou
could leap to protect the Kinfolk, and the Kinfolk could set up
cover fire for the Garou if need be. At least, that was the theory
borne out by computer simulations and training runs. So far,
they'dnotneeded to test it and ifeverything went right tonight,
they wouldn't have to.

"Is the 'gator ready?" Isaak asked into his SpiCom, and
Daniella's gravelly voice replied.

"It's ready to go, Isaak."

"Good. Remember, don't set the 'gator on them until |
give the word." Isaak shot back, and whispered, "OK, I can see
you Hinetze. St... stop waving, goddammit. Someone will see
you." Ignoring the apologies on the other end of the line, he
continued, "OK. We're going over... now."

The pack ran at the fence and up over the barbed wire, one by
one. Getting snagged on the wire really wasn't a worry, their
uniforms were made of tough, close woven fabric that didn't break
or get caught easily. A greater worry was shaking the fence and
alerting the guards, and Hinetze held onto the fence as best she could
to dampen the impact of their climbing. As they leapt over, they
darted between the dumpsters, crouching low andbreathingheavily.
The last to leap over was Julian, who vaulted expertly over the wire
and landed heavily on his feet. He and Hinetze ran across to join the
others. "Clear!" Hinetze declared as she crouched to the ground.

"Alright." Isaak looked to all of them again, his voice low
and his breathing heavy. "Hinetze is going to scout ahead again.
When she gives the all-clear, everyone vaults over the dumpster
and in through the window above us." He looked up to the
window above. It was barred and locked, but nothing that would
stand up to a werewolf's claws. "When we hit the ground, spread
out immediately. Three by three, wolves at two, four, six and
eight. Julian, you take point five and be ready to provide heavy
weaponry if we need it. Hinetze, go." Hinetze nodded, and in a
second wasn't there once more.

eee

Daniella stubbed out another cigarette. Strictly speaking,
she shouldn't be smoking the damned things at all. And she
especially shouldn't have been doing so in Isaak's apartment,
since he specifically loathed the things. But even in her low
priority position, she got nervous when operations began. In a
way, she wished she were down there, where she could be useful.
Other times, she decided it was for the best she was here. Even
maybe ten years ago, she might have kept up with the team, but
these days she'd just burden them.

Besides, she did have a job. Deliver the 'gator. Isaak had
obtained the 'gator from one of the Random Interrupts, and if it
lived up to the makers' claims, it should ensure that Braunsteiner
and Wenz would never recover from the pack's activities tonight.
As she understood it, the 'gator would attack Braunsteiner and
Wenz's insurance company's files, changing Braunsteiner and
Wenz's status from "Paid in Full" to "Several years behind" in
payments. Of course, Braunsteiner and Wenz would check their
computers to quickly find the hacking job, as well as any tampering
that had occurred to their computers. This was exactly why their
mainframes were the target of tonight's raid. They were essential
to the company's operation, cost immense amounts of money and
needed to be destroyed to cover the pack's tracks, anyhow.
Conversely, the insurance company wouldn't allow anyone to
come close to the truth of their own compromised systems; such an
admission would scare off clients for years to come.

If everything went according to plan, Daniella was poised to
destroy Braunsteiner and Wenz, put nearly six hundred employees
out of work, and destroy thousands of lives. The Apocalypse war
demanded a sort of skewed moral perspective. If the pack didn't do

In the Stinking Basement, Three Sub-Levels Below the Wyrm 5


this, the Wyrm would destroy their lives instead, and he'd do a
much more thorough job. Daniella reminded herself: She was kind.
At that moment, the screen went blank blue.
> Hello, Daniella. I was looking forward to seeing you.
eee

"She's still not here." Thomas shook his head, "Five
minutes. It should take seconds. Peek over the wall, come back.
Something's wrong."

The pack was still breathing heavily, but for entirely different
reasons. Clouds were beginning to form overhead, and the absence
of Hinetze was beginning to weigh heavily on everyone's mind.
Isaak finally broke, "Change of plans. Everyone over the top now,
land in a circle with wolves evenly spread at one, three and six.
Julian stays in the center of the circle. Move!" Isaak jumped ahead
of the group. He bounded onto the first dumpster and was nine foot
tall and covered with fur when he landed. In one brutal stroke, he
tore the bars and window out of the wall. The second after, he was
human again and had leapt through the hole in the wall, asecond
after thatand his Crinos form was standing inside the building, eyes
burning and drool falling from his maw.

Behind him fell five men and two more werewolves, who hit
the ground running and assumed positions, loosely in a circle
over the factory floor. Barely a sound could be heard.

eee

> I was looking forward to seeing you.

Araignie repeated itself. Daniella, her calm exterior shat-
tering, didn't respond.
> Nothing to say? Nothing to talk about?

The screen went purple. Daniella stood up, a sick feeling

beginning to roll around in her stomach.
> Let me give you something to talk about.

Thescreen suddenly went bright red, anda green spiral began
tocoil in its middle. Daniella swore, her breathing shortening into
bare gaspsas she raced to the back of the computer and tore out the
power cable, the cable modem, and shattered the Ethernet card
hanging from the ceiling. Every possible connection the computer
had was disconnected, and Daniella looked at what was now aheap
of metal and plastic with fear in her eyes. The screen had gone
black. The screen might hopefully stay black.

The screen went red, and Daniella muttered a final prayer.

Suddenly, the group all tore their headsets off at once. A
high-pitched whine emitted loudly from their headsets, and
Isaak growled out the obvious, "The SpiComs have been
compromised! Everyone, switch to normal radio!"

"No!" Thomasshouted back, his voice the yapping tenor of the
Garou tongue, "They'll be waiting for us to do that! Radio silence!
Right damn now! Stay together and don't lose visual contact!"

A moment of tense silence filled the room, before Julian
cried out in pain as the bloodied body of a seventeen-year-old girl
collided into him. One lonely voice got out half a sentence,
"Ambu—" before a very large black claw tore him apart. Gregor
Damaske was twenty-eight and had followed soccer religiously.
The Kinfolk had joined the pack after being ignored by his own
family; now he was dead in the service of his adopted brethren.

The pack sprung into action immediately as they saw three
black shapes form in the air around them. The roar of assault rifles

echoed through the factory as every Kinfolk fired on the black
shapes, whilst the wolves held back in defensive positions. The
black shapes disappeared after a second of fire, and then suddenly
a second pair emerged behind the group. Caught off guard and
confused, Maria Gephart felt her side torn into by two large fangs.
A second later, one of the Kin fired and three silver bullets
burned through her fur and her lungs. She was thirty-five.

Julian looked up at the body lying on top of him. He could
barely see the entire group scattering, all order and discipline
evaporated in the face of a brutal and expert attack. But all his
attention was on Hinetze's face. In death, it was frozen in a mask
of pain and violated horror. Julian's last thoughts were of what
must have happened to her in five minutes.

Behind the twisted hulk of fur and muscle that crushed
Julian's face, two brothers fled the carnage down a staircase.

eee

"The first thing I'm going to do is kill you."

Thomas and Isaak sat, back to back; in the sub-basement
whilst they listened to the final dying screams of one more
packmate. "I should be up there." Isaak growled, his voice
nearly boiling over in a cauldron of rage. "We're letting them
die, Thomas. That's our pack, dying!"

"And this is us, not dying. What would you have done,
Zachie?" Thomas fiendishly moved his rosary beads through his
hands, the tips of his fingers touching the charms of Gaia that
hung from them. "We didn't stand a chance on this from the
start. It had to be that frog of a net spider of yours. They got to
him before we did. If even one of those names he gave us were
correct, I'd be stunned."

Isaak stopped growling for a few seconds and instantly
regretted it. It made Rilla's cries of pain all the more audible.
"We could be up there dying with them."

"Can't let youdo that. Mom'dkill me." Thomasshook his head.

Isaak shook as Thomas spoke those words. "Christ, Tom.
Don't bring her up."

The rosary beads rattled around, barely heard amid the
screams and growls. "Have to. Do you remember Christmas,
Thomas?" Isaak asked, strangely distant. "Before everything hap-
pened? We'dall gotochurch, and I'd pray with these things and you
played with the band. We're going tochurch this Christmas, Isaak."

Thomas felt Isaak's shaking body against his back, and
kept speaking, "Why'd you do it, Zach? Why did you push us
into this one? We were doing all right. We didn't need this."

Isaak barely even whispered, "You're not there, Tom. You
don't know what the sept is like. You hear all the mutterings and
questions when you never seem to do anything. When everyone
looks at you like you don't even care anymore. And you do, of
course, and it just makes it all worse." He paused, and said, a little
more strongly, "I had to show them that I wanted to help."

The screams abruptly stopped, and Thomas slowly an-
swered, "We're going home for Christmas this year, Zachie.
We're going to visit mother. It's been too long since we have."
Putting down the beads, he picked up his rifle again. "They'll
be coming down soon. We owe them for all of them. Maybe
Daniella's still alive, but we owe them for everyone else."

Slowly, the brothers stood up, and waited.

6 Glass Walkers


ANNs ee

R TX 8 B O O K
cued Qicxcas|

pe

NY

BY SEAN RILEY
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN IN


Colts

Author: Sean Riley. Werewolf & the World of Dark-
ness created by Mark Rein® Hagen

Corlag Joon for Werewoff...

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp
Editor: Aileen E. Miles

30083
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Mind's Eye Theatre, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great
War, Trinity, Book of the Weaver, A World of Rage, Dark Ages Werewolf, Tribebook Glass Walkers, Laws of
the Wyld West, The Shining Host and Laws of the Wild are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
ty PRINTED IN THE USA.

e- Art Director: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Mike Chaney, Langdon Foss, Steve Prescott
Cover Art: Steve Prescott and Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh
Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
' + "
@ 06 RUL
Pay a STONE MOUNTAIN, GA

8 Glass Walkers
ELE STS cen tientieieney J

a
an ee ae

LLILASS

RNs ee
B. ¢Ore Qoewtt

LREQGS

agpter One: Mypholegfeal Logla(plefory) 16
Chapter Tivo: Networking (Sodlafy) 32
Dapper Three: Corporate Heabutiting (Character Creation) 72
Captor Four: Dawers (lemplates avd legend) go

Conteut
Legend of the Ciarow: Jo the Sttoking Batement, Three Sul-Lovalt Bajo the Wyrm Zt

x
Contents 9
ee a SRE SOG (a DIA

"tape


"Operas are not built on the most psychological of
plots; they're built on mythological plotting."

— Baz Lurhmann

[TRANSCRIPT BEGINS]

..just a bit surprised, really. When you said you
wanted to record me I figured we'd go to a café and
you'd havea tape recorder or something. This isa really
nice set up though. Better than mine, actually. Wow...
I'm jealous, yeah. The microphone is turned on? You
can hear this okay?

No, [didn't think you were a "rural hick." It's just funny
to see others like us pull out all the computers and stuff,
since it's meant to be our specialty. You get used to people
walking a good distance around this stuff slowly, instead of
setting up the video conferencing so that my pack can chip
in. And we're online! Hey gang. Yeah, this is Raina. She's
trading us information on the tribe for ‘information on
Venice. No, she swears she'll keep it away from the other
tribes and Backup insists her reputation is good.

Okay, we'll start at the beginning. There's two
major creation myths surrounding our tribe and... no,
wait. Let's talk about something else first.

A Nope on history

I'ma Galliard, and that means I'm a historian. For
most tribes, history is a very simple thing to under-

stand. It's a story, beginning at one point and ending
at another. Imagine a string with a series of knots tied
into it, each knot representing an event. That's his-
tory. It's a very old way of understanding history, one
in which everything has a meaning and a purpose. If
you're an academic, you call it the "grand narrative" or
a "metanarrative." History happens because it's the
next logical step in this story.

Contemporary history more or less does away with
this. The model of history most human historians use
these days is like a whole network of people, groups,
and movements, each with its own agendas, goals and
hopes. Imagine lots of different strings, all tied to-
gether in numerous ways. That's this model of history.
History happens because the agendas of two groups are
incompatible with each other and therefore the groups
come into conflict and out of that conflict emerges a
new state of the world. Classic dialectics: Thesis plus
antithesis equals synthesis.

Now, generally this latter view of history is much
more useful. It allows for investigations into the causes
of events and why the world is as it is. Also, it's
theoretically more objective since it doesn't have to be

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 11

. Sn Xe

» peareiaiarses rensens ana ner har er oainre

ome re AAD

our story, or anyone's story. But for us, it has one major
shortcoming: It denies the Apocalypse. Because it
refuses to attach any meaning to history, it can't
appreciate the tragedy in Gaia's death or the way in
which the Wyrm's perversion is in everything. In
short, it's rational, and therefore can't accommodate
the irrational, spiritual elements that we know as
truth. At best, it can only classify the Wyrm as yet
another group with its own agendas.

So for our tribe, history is a matter of balancing the
two methods. On the one hand, we admire the accu-
racy of modern history, but we can't deny that the
Apocalypse war is a real, genuine grand narrative that
has to be accounted for. Mythology doesn't work on
logic, and there are times when we have to accept that
things just are.

Elizabeth Genereader observes: What Natalia
forgets to say is how we balance them. Modern history is all
about utility, so we tend to employ this when we really need
to get in and understand what we need to do about
something. If we're going to be trying to remove awick, that
is, a Wyrm influenced company, then we need to leam how
the company was corrupted and who represents the Wyrm
there. But once it's done, it's really better to step back and
look atit in the terms of the war for Gaia, so we have a sense
of perspective and the details aren't so important anymore.
Truth be known, I think all tribes do this alittle today, I just
think we make a bigger deal of the distinction.

Backup-Circuit, Technotheurge, adds: Yeah, and
the further back into the past you go, the more the grand
narrative tends to take over. There's no need to understand
exactly why Skin o' Steel ended up being threatened by Get
of Fenris packs and was forced to work for fascist dictators,
all you need to know is about how he was a great hero, and
of his noble sacrifice. Talking about him in the terms of a
high school history textbook is insulting to his spirit; after the
fact you should start spouting off epic poetry, y'know?

Legendary Phistory

Mostly true, Backup, although not always. The
further back in history we go the sketchier our knowl-
edge of the time, and the more we need to rely on
historical evidence and oral tradition. In contrast,
more contemporary history is better understood and
coherent which allows us to construct it in a grand
narrative form. But grand narrative history isn't un-
questioned, stupid "truths," either — that needs to be
made clear. Going back to what I was saying earlier,
there are two main creation myths for our tribe. Both
have their strong points, and come from different
branches of the tribe.

The first one is very popular in Europe, particu-
larly Northern Europe. The myth says that someday,

back in the earliest times of humanity, the Silver Fangs
senta pack of werewolves to watch over humans. They
were half our nature, and they made us curious because
they did things that made no sense to us. This pack was
called the Warders of Men. The idea was that the
Warders would look at the humans and make sure they
didn't offend Gaia, because humans were stupid, igno-
rant creatures who forgot about Her all too easily.

Guy "Slick" Sims, Spin Doctor Supreme, notes:
And you have to admit, that's an attitude the rest of the
tribes have held to this day. Ask me, I think the story's onto
something, babe.

But it didn't work out that way. Humans started
doing some very offensive things, and the Warders
were intrigued. They worked out how to invoke fire
using sticks, and broke rocks until they were sharp so
that they could have fangs. The Warders saw it, and
thought that spirits might be involved, so they started
talking to Rock and Stick, asking to be taught the same
Gifts. And, beginning a tradition that has stayed in our
tribe to this day, Rock cut them a business deal.

"The one thing we cannot do," Rock said, "is fly.
At best we can hurl ourselves off cliffs, but all we do
with this is make smaller rocks. Give my children the
Gift of flight, and I will teach you how to make fangs."

The Warders were stumped, but then they saw the
humans work it out for themselves, by tying a small
shard of rock to a stick, and firing it from a string tied
toa bent piece of wood. The first bow and arrow. They
taught this to Rock, and Rock taught the Warders the
same Gifts he had taught the humans. As time went
on, the Warders kept encouraging the humans to
invent more Gifts, like houses, and calmed the angry
spirits like Cave that the humans offended. Around
this time, the Warders made their glyph: A house with
a Gaia glyph in it. Thus was the tribe born.

There's only one problem with all of this: It makes
nosense. The Silver Fangs send out a pack because the
humansaren't spiritual, despite that the humans spend
all their time conversing with spirits like Rock. Rock
teaches them the Gifts to make tools, but Rock needs
the humans to teach him how to fly. It's full of
contradictions and inconsistencies.

Elizabeth Genereader shakes her head and laughs:
You just don't like it because it contradicts your pet theory,
Nat. This is mythology, both literal and symbolic all at once;
it doesn't have to be logical. When you see it in terms of its
symbolism, itall represents the tribe well. There's the respect
for the humans' ingenuity, the belief that things should
continue through, and the explanation for the tribal glyph.

My "pet theory" has nothing to do with it, Eliza-
beth. How's this for a problem with the myth, then? It
begins with the assumption that the humansare offen-

12 Glass Walkers

naa

Sa es Hs


sive to Gaia, because they go out and offend Cave and
summon Fire, which no Theurge can control. It con-
firms everything we try to tell the other tribes.

My preferred myth is the one that originated in
Southern Europe. Long ago, before we even thought to
give anumberto the days, the Wyrm reared its head and
defied its Mother, striking at Her. Thus began the
Apocalypse war, and chaos filled in the hearts of all that
were Gaia. Animals bolted and killed each other, des-
perate to survive this most blasphemous of events. The
Garou were no different, and one turned upon the other.

Among these were those Garou that were weak, or
those that saw fighting each other as wrong. They
couldn't fight back against their own, so instead they
hid among those whom the Garou saw fit only to
ignore: the humans. They sought refuge by taking on
human form and never leaving it, ignoring their wolf
instincts and instead living life only as the humans did.

The legends talk of how these refugees wereat first
heartbroken. They had left behind the bubbling river
brook and the great pines, and could not hear Gaia's
sad song. When Her voice fell silent, they grieved for
they thought She had died, and that they would never
return to their true homes where there was now noth-
ing but fighting of brother against brother. They waited
to die, since they couldn't leave to hunt or gather food.

But they watched the humans, and.weré amazed.
The humans were more frightened than any of Gaia's
creatures, since they didn't have claws or fangs, and
were slow to run. But rather than wait for death, they
found new ways to stay alive in their ; A
They brought together male and female animals that
they owned, and only killed them for food once they
had children, so that they would always have meat for
another day. Instead of walking into the dangerous
wilderness to gather nuts and seeds, they planted them
in the ground and coaxed them/into g full trees
so they could eat more. When rain came, they hol-
lowed out rocks to catch it for when it was not raining.

And then, when ne ed
vive here, the Garou beg

a

beta et hope: anda j
then, these Garou have always stayed among the hu-
mans, listening to Gaia's new song, learning their new
ways and waiting to hear how She ends it.

Elizabeth Genereader is unconvinced: It's more
internally consistent, but it's thematically not nearly so
evocative of our tribe. We don' tlove the humans; we're just
forced to live with them because the other tribes would have
killed us if we hadn't. There's none of the wonder of
invention in it, instead there's simply a few frightened

Shaner tenn enadnneenecemrenommenamndt Os ean ane

they might yetsur-iy

people grabbing water in bowls. And it also makes us into
the major heroes. We're the ones who knew it was bad to
fight other Garou. Never mind we're the only tribe fleeing
the fight, hell no, we're heroes!

Slick Sims points out: There's at least some evidence
for it, though. Don't the Children of Gaia believe there was
a massive civil war among the Garou?

Backup-Circuit snorts: If those tree-hugging hippies
believe it, then I know I'm sticking with the first myth.

A Sifting Title

To understand my "pet theory," you have to realize
that the Glass Walkers didn't exist as a tribe until 1890.
Glass wasn't even invented until 3000 BCE, and both of
our legends have us originating before that. Our tribe has
shifted names at least four times since we began, as various
groups within the tribe gained significant power with it.

Letme explain further. Around about 1450 CE, the
entire ttibe was known as the "Warders." But within the
Warders was a small camp known as the Tetrasomians.
Devoted to the philosophy of humanism (or at least
inspired by it), the Tetrasomians managed to give the
tribe a profoundly new focus. They'd already been the
major playersof the tribe in Italy for about a century, and
as the philosophy extended to the rest of Europe, their
mene' strength also increased.

_ Soon, the werewolves who so proudly dubbed them-
Ss were being ShOuted out. The
Pretty soon stopped considering them-
selves a3 a splinter group of the Warders, and just saw
themselves as the tribe. Others weren't really members,
but copied them anyway; success breeds imitators. And
for the rest of the tribe, the writing was on the wall, so they
buckled under. With no real formal decision, the tribe's
name hadundoubtedly changed. (Kind of."Tetrasomian"
doesn't translate well into the High Tongue, so the other
tribes didn't always tise the term, but more on that later.)

Now, here'smy theory: The "Warders" were not the
original version of our tribe. Consider the dates here; if
the Warders really ‘weré our originators, then they
managed to survive as the dominant camp of our tribe
for over four thousand years. When you consider the
next best run after that is the Tetrasomians' four hun-
dred years (which is in itself a generous interpretation),
you really begin to see the discrepancy. Furthermore,
there's no material evidence to suggest that anyone in
our tribe born before 400 CE called themselves "Ward-
ers." Nor can we find any ancestor-spirits in our tribe
before that time. There's a huge gaping hole in our
history, and whichever pack finds the material evidence
or the ancestor spirit that proves exactly what our tribe
was before Christ will make themselves heroes. I'll
personally make sure of it if I'm still alive.

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 13

a ae

SEE

ee nT a

TE TIE

Slick Sims defends the status quo: First things first,
now! Let's remember that the Warders would have been our
original tribe, and therefore don't have to bend to our rules,
correct? It's possible that the Tetrasomians started the trend
of our shifting tribe. Secondly, the southern myth that you
prefer doesn' tmention the name "Warders" like the northern
one does, but it also doesn't put up a different name, does it?
This is part of Occam's Razor; the person claiming something
does exist has the burden of proof, and not the one saying it
doesn't. Your claim that there was a pre-Warders tribe is bad
history. Finally, in these days, do we really need more packs
wasting time trying to fill up pages in our history books? Of
all people, you should know better, babe.

I should. But even so, this is our history, Guy! It's
where we come from, and it's comfipletely missing.

Backup-Circuit throws in his two cents: For what
it's worth, the lack of evidence for a unified tribe of any sort
before 900AD and thepresence of multiple origin myths would
suggest, to me at least, that we may not even have existed as
asingle ribegantl much later than mn we'd ike to think. I know,
that raises all kinds of problematic questionsilikes<

The byypergbor

Sigh. Really, there aré problems with all in interpreta-
tions of these myths,,aind theyscreate thejkind of para-
doxes thatgive our tribe fits. Both myths give us a little
hint as to when they occurred; the northern myth refers
to the creation of the bow and arrowpwhich probably
happened in Egypt circa 3000 BCE. Whilstithe southern
myth describes the first examples of farming, placing our
birth in 10,000 BCE around the same area.

Naturally, both of these dates are well after the
prehistoric Impergium, which by all accounts we were
instrumental in stopping.

Backup-Circuit grins: Well, damn! We got off toa
flying start. We won't even be born for several millennia
and already we're changing Garou history. Woot!

Elizabeth Genereader suggests: Or, just perhaps,
the myth has somewhat grown in the telling and now
includes anachronistic but symbolic details that weren't
there originally. But I like your theory too, Backup.

Whatever the truth, there's no suggestion that the
Impergium was symbolic. Most tribes tend to sort of gloss
over what the Impergium entailed, but we've always been
fairly blunt about it. The Impergium was mass-murder on
a scale that has never been seen since. Consider this:
Stalin was responsible for somewhere between twenty
and forty million deaths. Did we kill that many humans?
No. There simply weren't enough humans around at the
time. Butlet's assume that our ‘population caps' killed one
in ten humans alive at the time. Too many? How about
one in twenty? One in forty, maybe? Even by that last
guess, we'd have killed the equivalent of over one hun-

ce DT I gOS ASTER LT EDDIE TLE

dred and fifty million people today. Makes Stalin look
very ordinary, doesn't it?

This is why we opposed it. If the Garou can look at
the depravity of human mass murderers and deplore
them as examples of the Wyrm's poison, then the knife
cuts both ways. There was no doubt at all for our tribe
that the Impergium was a cancer within the Garou. In
it was not a path to protecting Gaia, but a quick sharp
drop into the maw of the Wyrm. We always had a soft
spot for humanity. I'm not suggesting for a moment
that protecting our interests wasn't a motivating fac-
tor, but it also can't be denied that there were solid
arguments against the Impergium without bringing
our sympathies into it at all, and we made them.

The legends of the time suggest that we as a tribe
never took part in the Impergium, but we helped the
humans to survive by getting them to turn over crimi-
nals to the other tribes as token gestures. In addition, we
bred among as many as we could, since Kinfolk were off-
limits. This probably explains why we never really had
a "homeland" in the same way most tribes do. From the
beginning, we had cast our lot in with all of humanity,
and when they spread over the world, so did we.

The War of Rage

Sadly, so did many/other tribes. Never as quickly
as we did,mind you, but you got some tribal move-
ment. The Get of Fenris, for example, moved from
their homelands in Scandinavia toward Germany.

Baékup-Circuit comments: On aside note, our two
tribes had massive battles/over Germany aifewstimes. We
wanted to set up shop in, Germany because it was the home
of some of the greatést minds in human history. They
wanted Germany because... well, because the Get want
every damn caern'they can get their hands on. Worse than
the damn Shadow Lords, except they do it honestly. In the
FPS that is the'Apocalypse Wargthe Shadow Lords need be
whacked with Punkbusteryand the Get are the low-ping
bastards.../sorry, I'llshut up now. Promise.

Thank you. As we slowly expanded out, we found
ourselves in a lot of places we shouldn't have been,
because Gaia had given those places to the other
shapechangers like the Gurahl, the Mokolé;and so on.
Weshouldn't have been there to beginwith; Gaiadidn't
put us there. And thus inevitably we began doing what
we did best. We killed as many of them as we could.

Or, at least, that's the thinking that I go through
again and again in my mind, and I'm certain I'm not the
only Glass Walker who thinks that either. See, the War
of Rage began for two reasons. The second one that
everyone knows is the story of the Gurahl's betrayal.
The bear shifters were healers and medicine men, and
they refused to teach us Gifts we (allegedly) needed to

Glass Walkers

i ee

a

|


Se

The achive

Backup-Circuit offers a quiet sidebar: One part of
our history, and a very controversial part, is the Machine.
Natalia hates to even consider it part of our history; because
it's extremely dubious as to how much influence it's ever
really had. Others, like myself, grudgingly admit that the
Machine has consumed the minds of some of our greatest
thinkers and has, rightly or wrongly, been associated with
some of our greatest triumphs and disasters.

In short, it's an Incarna in the shape of a man built
from tools. Hammers for fingers, cogs for eyes. There's
never ahint of emotion onits face, only ablank stare. Or,
so we believe, because no one*has ever been able to
authoritatively say that they' ve actually seen it. Writings
on the subject are nearly all secondhand

The history begins shortly after the Impergium,
when Sheba Arrow-of-Gaia describes her dreams of the
Machine to her packmates. These dreams contained a
vision of a "slumbering god of terrible majesty, a herald
of the new world and all its hopes and fears." It is from
here that we also get the physical description, as well as
the first guesses to the spirit's purpose, "for it dreams of
the humans, and the humans dream of it. When they
dream of the Machine, they know whatit does, and when
it dreams of them, he knows them." However, these
descriptions do come with question marks.

Remember that Natalia can be biased at the best of
times, but she's got good instincts and I think she could be
right here. The records we have of this are written well
after the fact, transcribing oral history into written form,
and they tend to repeat details. Natalia believes they're a
pastiche of various accounts, all ascribed to Sheba for
convenience. It's also worth noting that other legends
within the tribe describe Sheba as eccentric, even for a
Theurge, and that she went insane before she died.

In either 550 or 700 AD; accounts vary, a pack of
Warders with strong ties to the church ventured into the
Umbra on the strength of an "answered prayer." This in
itself is unusual; we know some of us used images of the
church to hide our Gaia worship during the period, but
there's no indication of any proper formalized syncretism
in the time period. Whoever believed this was weird to
begin with. It's unknown what they were searching for
originally, but when they returned, they spoke of a "great
and powerful spirit" that existed "just beyond our hori-
zons." This spirit slept still, and yet clearly favored the pack
that found it. It is unclear if what happened next was its
design or simply very poor luck. As the pack led their sept
into the Umbra to see this spirit, a Wyld fire consumed the
area. Barely any members survived it, and those few that
did babbled words of tools being forged together, and the
flicker of the flame glinting in the Machine's eyes.

Yet the image changes again come 1438 AD with
Nicolas Medina. A Theurge and one of the founders of the
Tetrasomians, Medina openly declared the Machine his
patron. Medina was, like Sheba, exceedingly eccentric,
and known to engage in drug use. Yet there was never any
doubt of his brilliance. He single-handedly invented many
of the techniques we still use today in creating techno-
fetishes, binding different spirits into separate parts and
then combining the parts together to create a spectacular
result. Medina's inventions are largely responsible for the
capturing and cleansing of the Saint Endroit caern, which
remains today as one of the most powerful in Italy. He also
wrote passages on the Machine, which described it as "not
yet of Age, yet it kicks its mother's womb with desire for
birth. Every kick sends dreams into the minds of great men,
and tells them of the Machine's desires and thoughts. He
is the spirit of this great time."

Sadly, the Machine also appeared to be the spirit of
the next age, too. Perhaps the overwhelmingly positive
beliefs concerning the Machine caught us off guard, when
the Industrial Revolution began to take hold in Britain.
The Wyrm had clearly taken advantage of the situation,
using the factories to spew its toxins into the air, but our
tribe immediately turned on the Machine. Numerous
Theurges throughout Europe proclaimed the Machine
evil and of the Wyrm, demanding its execution. Since,
however, nobody actually knew where the Machine was,
this was a tall order. It never became anything but talk.

The final stage in the Machine's history has only
happened recently, in 1983. A pack of Glass Walkers
intercepted a lost cub that had just gone through her First
Change, abducting her and placing her in their caern until
they could work out what tribe she belonged to. As all this
was going on, she huddled under a blanket in an office
chair, scared and confused, as most young cubs are. But
then, she suddenly saw the glare of a computer screen in
the caern, and stood up, walked to it and exclaimed, "I
can see your eyes now. They're blue, how beautiful."
When queried whom she was talking to, she pointed to the
computer and answered, "The machine."

This may be referring to the Machine or not, because
after that she went dumb and wouldn't talk for a week.
But why the reference to its eyes? The Machine had
always been portrayed as slumbering, has it awoken? If
so, will its influence become more direct, or will its
influence decrease since it always influenced humanity in
its dreams? Assuming, of course, it did influence human-
ity at all. Not nearly enough is known about this spirit.
Theories and lies both abound concerning it. But he's
haunted the tribe since the beginning, and it might just be
a good idea to learn more as soon as possible.

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 15

ae

GELDER

pe A A cP YL RAT

know. But the first reason, never really spoken but
obvious enough to those who look, is that Gaia was wise
enough to know we'd never work well together. We're
all too twitchy, too filled with our duty to Her and our
tendency to rip apart creatures for looking at us funny.
Thus, heading from where we first were to where the
other creatures were was a big mistake.

And we were the fastest moving tribe of the lot. From
here it's a hop, skip and a jump to the logical conclusion:
We instigated a hell of a lot of the War of Rage. And
worse, I've got the legends to back it up, huge chest-
thumping transcriptions of oral history written in about
500 CE describing our glorious veni, vidi, vici exploits.

We ended the Impergium and never participated
in it, to our pride. But we started the War of Rage, to
our shame. And while I know I can't burden myself
with the shame of my ancestors, some nights | lie
awake, and think about what might have been if we all
just stayed where Gaia put us.

But that's all pointless thinking.

Acheot Canaan Enfattoe/laraef —
Lark Shaders to Title Pbpory

As I noted earlier, both our origin myths would
scientifically suggest that our tribe originated some-

where in the Middle East. Unfortunately, as Statler,
Waldorf and Slick perpetually remind me, applying
scientific theory to mythology rarely works. I say
unfortunately because if that were all of it, I could
promptly dismiss the Northern myth in one fell swoop,
since we have reasonable evidence to suggest that the
tribe was in the Middle East well before the invention
of the bow and arrow. There are afew Garou among our
tribe with the desire and ability to remove items of a
compromising nature from museums and the like. A
few decades ago, they managed to steal a set of icons
that were originally found in an excavation of Jericho.

These icons dated at ten thousand years old,
placing their date of origin sometime around eight
thousand BCE, and were crafted in the images of
cockroaches. Considering that the Natufian civiliza-
tions didn't even begin ancestor worship until seven
thousand BCE, there's sufficient reason to believe that
these were our guys.

What we were actually doing is, of course, an
absolute mystery to us. Our real historical ‘gap' begins
once we leave the mythic stories, and that starts at this
period. However, we can make some educated guesses.

The Natufian people were the civilization that
lived in the region we'd now consider Israel/Palestine,

any) =
aS
ean Spek

os
"€ iin.
« PL
J
as a
4
f =|
Ge =


as well as Jordan and Lebanon. These people were
living in the cradle of civilization; they were the
probably the first people to discover plant farming,
animal domestication and, most importantly to us,
they created some of the first cities. Among the most
important of these was Jericho, which held two thou-
sand people and was surrounded by a stone wall three
meters wide and four meters high.

That wall, along with our geographical knowledge of
the area, gives us some hints as to the social environment
of the day and what our ancestors may have been doing.
Ancient Palestine was a rough topology, filled with
steppes and valleys that greatly limited the civilization's
expansion, which is why Egypt overtook it. When you
add the massive wall surrounding Jericho, you begin to get
an image of the people as rugged and used to battle.

Our ancestors probably did a number of things
here. First of all, they set about adapting human
invention and belief to their own use as our tribe
always has. So far we've yet to unearth fetish human
skulls used for contacting spirits, but we can live in
hope. Second of all, this is when we most likely
develop our attachment to the city (as opposed to just
humans in general), and it's interesting to note that
the markings on the aforementioned icons seem to
resemble tents. Did the early tribe associate Cock-
roach with the city? And finally, we remained warriors,
but it is probably around these times that the first
notions of urban combat are discussed in our tribe.

There are numerous other questions that can be
asked and will sadly probably never be answered. What
was the Umbra like within the early cities? Did the
building of cities offend spirits, or birth new ones? I've
heard stories of spider-motif icons being unearthed,
too, so that really makes me wonder about how much
was being shared about the Weaver. I'd sorely love to
know the answers to these questions.

Slick Sims shrugs: I guess this is the price we pay for
the permanency of the written history. The tribes that still
rely completely on oral history never really switched over
traditions and thus have this continual line. We ruptured
our own history in the switchover and have tried to pick up
the pieces ever since.

LMipcal Timer avd Fudan

Many, many years passed in this area. There was a
whole lot more fighting, most of it tremendously ugly.
I could imagine the tribe's faith in humanity was
waning when, sometime around 2000-1800 BCE, some-
one goes and writes a book that makes them remember
what it first was about humanity that they loved so
much. No one knows who the author was, but the book
is called Job. You can find it as the 18th book of the

Bible, but it was the first one ever written. And whilst

a

I know other tribes are fond of deploring human
religion, just read this book and you'll see why they
instantly liked it. Amid the bloodshed, and senseless
violence, this writing was humble. Reflective. It held
awe for the Almighty that was in kind, if not in
magnitude, exactly how they held Gaia.

However, the religion behind it spread fast. And
suddenly the tribe had a massive problem. Judaism was
monotheistic, it believed in only one God. It was more
tightly constructed than previous religions and sud-
denly the early tribe's worship of Gaia stood out. What
did they do?

What many other small religious groups, includ-
ing Judaism, would do when forced into a society with
another dominant religion. The tribe gave the out-
ward show of being Jewish whilst secretly continuing
with their own rites. Some of it was easy — Judaism
used a lunar calendar that made worshipping Luna
easy. Once the Psalms were written, they used the
more militant ones in their War rites.

Other efforts were stranger. A Talmudic reading
described the world two thousand years before the
world's creation, when Seven things were created: The
Torah, the Divine Throne, Paradise, Hell, the Celestial
Sanctuary, a jewel on its altar engraved with the name
of the Messiah, and a Voice that cries aloud "Return, O
you children of men." Other texts peculiar to our
predecessors suggest that our tribe used this tale to help
cubs understand the various Fera. We were the voice
that cried aloud, to the Fera who did not listen. The
Mokolé were the Torah, the Bastet were the divine
throne. Paradise were the Corax (bet you're happy),
whilst the Ratkin were hell. The Gurahl were the
Celestial Sanctuary with the Ananasi the engraving.

I've no idea what all the analogies mean, exactly,
but the whole reading is clearly a lesson on the origins
of the Fera and their place in the order of things. No
matter how you interpret it, it's fascinating stuff.

Anttent Chioa
and fle Boh Zoubhivze

The one problem with Slick's theory about the switch
between written and oral histories is that, in theory, the
very oral history would become part of the written one. In
year such and such, we talked about our past in so and so
terms. It's possible that we lost our connection in such a
way, but it theoretically shouldn't have to happen.

Another possibility is that we're simply ignoring
the most obvious connections in our Western arro-
gance. Whilst most outsiders, and more than a few
inside the tribe as well, see us as an exclusively Western
tribe, there's been a long Chinese tradition that was
unveiled to us when we became aware of the Boli

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 17

(area.

eaten \

|

am er aon COREE SRR rT TH RO ranean ena

Zouhisze. Calling them a camp or just a part of our tribe
is unfair; they're almost an entirely different tribe. And
yet the writing is on the wall, they're an urban-based
tribe who revere Cockroach. They're our people. |
daresay they were as surprised by us, but we've inter-
acted well and we've learned much about what our
tribe was doing in Ancient China from them.

The Boli Zouhisze are unique among all the Garou in
that they have a one-tribe creation myth, suggesting that
there were no other tribes in China back in their legendary
days. According to their myth, the world formed of two
forces of which each was two, a yin-yang within a yin-yang.
One force was that of life and death, the other of chaos and
order. Originally they were each one, but as they split the
Umbra and Earth formed. In each thing, living or inani-
mate, every force existed, but no creatures were so perfect
as the humans and the wolves. The wolves were the
greatest of killers, and yet kept families, and exemplified
perfect chaos. The humans made many lives, yet knew to
take them, and were the most ordered of beings.

Backup-Circuit gets confused: | understand the
four forces, Gaia and the Triat, right? But that reference to
wolves suggests that the Garou will be the main player here.
Outin the West, I get that, butin Asia? How do they ignore
the other Fera? And what's this about humans "knowing to
take" lives?

Human sacrifice, Backup. The Chinese did it.

Yikes.

According to the myth, five men came forward as
greater than all others. The first of these was Fu Xi, the
Ox-Tamer, who learned how to farm the land and
make a family. The second was Sheng-Nong, the
Divine Farmer, who invented the plough and the hoe.
And then Huang Di, the Yellow Lord. He created the
bow and arrow, boats, silk, writing and ceramics.
Another man, Yao, created the calendar and ritual.
And last, Yu created flood control.

Elizabeth Genereader notes: Huang Di fits really
nicely into the Northern Myth. A great man creates the bow
and arrow, and the Garou snap up the invention with glee.

Also they fit into the five auspices, and the Boli
Zouhisze often hold them up as examples. Yu, who
tricks nature, is a Ragabash; Yao is a Theurge for
obvious reasons. Fu Xi creates relationships and is a
Philodox, Sheng Nong a Galliard, whilst Huang Di is
an Ahroun. According to the myth, the wolves saw
what the humans had done and saw that they had none
among themselves whom could match the accom-
plishments. Turning to Luna, who favored them, they
begged her for the chance to do as great things as the
humans. And she turned them into Garou. It's inter-
esting how they cite us coming exclusively from wolves
whilst simultaneously exalting humanity, isn't it?

18
es

Glass Walkers

Backup-Circuit asks: That's a good question. Why
does their legend cite only wolves? With the Boli Zouhisze,
I'd have expected a more encompassing myth that ac-
counted for all shifters, not just the Garou. Aren't there
several various types over there?

Supposedly, but the Boli Zouhisze have never
really been a part of the system. It's strange, although
it's been explained to me as having to do with Cock-
roach. In amongst the Asian Fera, insect imagery is
associated with the Wyrm. Asaresult, the Boli Zouhisze
aren't very well received. In fact, they seem to get
treated worse than the Ananasi despite the fact that
the Eastern spiders are actually Wyrm-tainted, accord-
ing to my contact over there, who admittedly would be
biased. It's still quite fascinating.

What's also fascinating is how clearly the myth is
influenced by human mythology. All five men figure in
Chinese myth, with Huang Di as the first pre-dynastic
ruler. The Boli Zouhisze version omits Shun, the lord
after Huang Di who appointed Yu to fix flooding.

Which was one of the first Chinese technologies; the
Chinese were remarkably advanced. By 3000 BCE, they
had farming, spears and basic tools, animal domestica-
tion, excellent mathematical skills, and the ability to
carve jade. This was a level of advancement not achieved
by the Native American tribes in 1600 CE, fora compari-
son. The Boli Zouhisze were there as they went, using the
human inventions to create their own. One trick they
were very fond of, reportedly, was binding air spirits into
spears in order to make them much lighter, yet no less
sharp or potent, than normal. Because they were much
lighter, the blade could be made much larger. Ancestor
worship was also common in China by 2000 BCE, and
certain Boli Zouhisze claim that they introduced this to
the humans rather than the other way around. However,
they still don't seem to be able to contact their ancestors
today, like the rest of our tribe.

By 400 BCE, changes had begun to sweep through
China. Whilst the rise of the Shang and Zhou Dynas-
ties were the most major for the country, the major
change for our tribe was the rise of Confucianism,
along with the response from Taoism and Legalism.
Though far from the first human philosophy (Or even
the first philosophy their tribe had encountered,)
these philosophies apparently intrigued the Boli
Zouhisze, in particular Confucianism and Legalism.
(Taoism, incidentally, also arose in this period, but its
passive ways didn't sit well with the tribe.)

Confucianism was an ethical philosophy, which
believed that everyone, ruler or lowest female serf, had
their role to play and that trying to break that role would
only bring about hurt. It held much appeal for some of
the tribe, for whilst its focus on traditionalism irked


some of them, the strong definition of social roles
clicked strongly with their Garou mindset. (Take a
guess: Did auspice roles become more, or less important
in these times?) Other aspects also seemed to mirror
Garou society, such as the Mandate of Heaven as
discussed by Confucian scholar Mencius, where the
people will rise up against an unjust ruler but support a
just one. For the Boli Zouhisze, this seemed to be a direct
mirror of the Garou way of challenging. Indeed, some
suggest that it was Confucius that taught the Garou
their ways! More likely, however, it was wolf instinct
that taught them that, just as with the rest of us.

The flip side to this was Legalism. Where Confu-
cianism offered idealism, adherence to tradition and a
basic belief in human goodness, Legalism threw over
pragmatism, a refusal to believe one law applied equally
to any two situations and a frequently blunt belief that
the rulers knew best for the ruled. Much like Confu-
cianism, it was concerned with the harmony of a
society but held that rigid order and organization of
government had far more to do with that than any
innate role in society or personal virtue. It never had
the easy segueing into Garou philosophy that Confu-
cianism had, but its strong rejection of tradition held
something for the Boli Zouhisze soul. I guess its proof
that yes; they're the same tribe as us.

Sudfbiin withthe phe Boh Zoubkice

Of course, a mere fifty years later, they encoun-
tered another philosophy that would radically alter
China: Buddhism. Just as the Western tribe had diffi-
culty existing in a society with religious beliefs sharply
contrasting to theirs, now the Boli Zouhisze needed to
discover how they could disguise their own Gaia wor-
ship within a society that was quickly becoming strongly
attached to this new view of life.

Unlike the relatively quickly adapting Western
tribe, the Boli Zouhisze had profound difficulty in adapt-
ing to the new ways, so much so that many of the tribe
actually considered latching onto the Taoist beliefs that
the tribe had spurned, since Taoism was rising at the
same time. In the end, however, the same difficulties the
tribe had with Taoism to begin with still stood, and it
was hard to see how Taoism could offer a better cover
than Buddhism. Early efforts of hiding with Buddhism
focused around using the skandhas as names for the five
auspices. Sanna, a word referring to our perceptions, was
also our codeword for the Ragabash. Vijnana referred to
both consciousness and Theurges; whilst Philodox took
sankharam, the skandhas describing our mental capaci-
ties. Emotions, or vedana represented the Galliards; and
rupa was both the physical body and the Ahroun.

The tribe mostly survived this period by clinging
to the still far more powerful Confucianism, (the Han

EL SE


Dynasty's state ideology,) until the fifth century BCE,
when Mahayana Buddhism is introduced to China.
Mahayana, a later sect of Buddhism, offered much
more to the tribe than the original Theravada did.
Mahayana incorporated more elements of Hinduism
that the Boli Zouhisze used to hide themselves within.
Guanshiyin, in female form as "mother of the human
race," was used as a symbol for Gaia. In what probably
seemed a note of extreme irony for the Boli Zouhisze,
the three forms of Buddha taught in Mahayana were
used to refer to the Triat.

As with the camouflage adopted in Judaism, these
depictions of Gaia and other spirits remained steady
throughout history and can still be found today. The
Mother of Peach Trees caern still has many images of
Gaia thatare clearly inspired by depictions of Guanshiyin.

Avilert Roman Enpstre

Now, the strong evidence that we have surround-
ing our activities in China, as compared to the shaky
evidence of our activities in Palestine could suggest
that we actually originated in China and then mi-
grated to the West, making the Boli Zouhisze the
original Glass Walkers. There are only two slight
problems with this.

eB 2 tg) IITA BITE IEE PLATO

Slick Sims nods: Those icons of Cockroach. The
bottom line showing we were around in the Middle East
before Chinese civilization got started.

And the fact that we know well that we were around
in Ancient Rome since 60 BCE. Discounting theories
that we had members of the tribe wandering unrecorded
by any historians who had found Rome on their own
(not as ridiculous as you might think; moon bridges
make trying to track our movement an academic exer-
cise at best), we're left with trying to find exactly where
our culture and the Roman culture met. The obvious
answer is with Pompey's conquering of Jerusalem in 63
BCE. It's still not impossible that we might have begun
in China and made our way to Jerusalem later via the
Mesopotamians, except that we've no proof to suggest
we were among the Mesopotamians.

Needless to say, though, the Roman Empire was
full of surprises and new ideas for us. We would have
arrived just in time to see burnt brick become the
standard building material, and we would have seen
the paved roads and the aqueducts. The philosophy of
the Ancient Greeks challenged us and perhaps to our
relief, the pantheistic religion would have allowed us
to blend in much more easily than we'd previously
known. Rome was a city beyond what we could have


possibly dreamed could exist — if our people did revere
Cockroach as a city spirit in those early days, then
imagine their delight with Rome! In fact, Rome held
so much appeal to us that it's amazing how little time
so many of us actually spent there.

Rome was the center of the Western world. And
the Wyrm has always had its agents in humanity:
vampires. Needless to say, they were rife throughout
the city and did their best to manipulate the Senate,
usually through blood magic that ensnared humans in
the Wyrm's coils. (We have the specifics of this magic
very well documented now. It takes seven vampires,
surrounding the human in a circle. The human has to
drink a chalice filled with the mixed blood of all seven
vampires. It's probably the same one used then as
today.) The other major tribe in Rome, the Silver
Fangs, saw the same problem as we did but were
predictably clueless as to how to challenge it. We
never saw eye to eye and our tribes feuded regularly.
We told them that trying to muscle the vampires out
of the Patrician families and political bodies wasa fight
in which we were hopelessly outgunned, but they
didn't listen. Ironically, we were the ones to notice
that the cities offered few opportunities here.

But the legions provided us with opportunities the
city itself didnot. The blood magic tended to wear off, and
away from their vampiric patrons it was profoundly easy
to track down their servants and destroy them. Being out
in the wild open, away from shelter during sunlight kept
the actual vampires away, too. Our greatest problem was
discipline; the Roman legions' highly trained formations
didn't quite jell with our tendency to go berserk. We did
our best to become officers as soon as possible, putting
ourselves away from the battles. And since Caesar had
proven how much pressure a charismatic, popularly sup-
ported general could wield, we cheerfully used our
newfound influence to cap the vampires' powers and
clamp down on their ensnared humans. We also got a
little edge over the Silver Fangs, too, and perhaps most
importantly, we managed to expand our tribe's geo-
graphical focus, a lot. The vampires responded to us by
throwing all their weight into the Praetorian Guard, but
we did very well out of the legions anyway.

This was also probably when we ran into most of
the other tribes for the first time, and very little of it
was friendly. There were some Garou from other tribes
in the legions as well, but by and large the other tribes
were the people the Romans conquered, not the Ro-
mans. This started a long tradition that's probably true
today: We allied ourselves with the winners, they
allied with the losers.

Not that we entirely forsook the city, either. We are
an urban tribe, when it's all said and done. The Silver

Speer sensre enweere reas ee

Fangs and bloodsuckers pretty much had every angle into
the Patrician families and senate that could be found, but
there was one religious office they missed: the Vestal
Virgins. We went to great lengths to somehow push one,
or more than one, of our Kinfolk into this highly sought
after position for two reasons. First of all, any criminal
who managed to lay eyes on one of the Vestal Virgins was
immediately pardoned, and given how many illegal ac-
tivities we favored, this was a nice thing to be able to call
upon. Secondly, ina city filled with vampires, controlling
the sacred fires seemed like a useful advantage.

It's true that Rome wasn't a haven of Gaia's beauty.
There was a lot to despise and the Wyrm had his talons
stuck into its heart. In the end, the worst of it was the
Roman's lead smelting, which produced hideous levels of
pollution on a global level, and this created a powerful
Bane named Stannum. Stannum is mentioned in a few
writings by our tribe at the time as a massive Cyclops,
whose hands each had eighteen fingers tipped with
poisoned claws. His eye was smoke, and his breath burned
like silver. Striking at him only broke him into lead dust
that rapidly reformed. Despite this, at the time he was
easily defeated but impossible to destroy. The former
would not be true when we came across him again.

But between our military influences and other
factors, it seems we had at least some kind of check on
it. Given more time, maybe we could have flushed the
vampires out and made it into something even greater
than it was. But, it wasn't to be. Between the Visigoths
and the Huns, as well as the Get of Fenris if you believe
them, Rome fell. If the Get of Fenris were responsible,
then they can be blamed for the suffering and increased
power of the Wyrm in what came next.

Wedd! Cgrope and fhe Warders

The Middle Ages were not our greatest hour, but
contrary to what many modern Glass Walkers think —
and quit smirking at the camera, Backup, I'm aiming
this at you — the reason isn't because of a lack of
worthwhile human endeavor. Throughout the period,
there was a great deal of philosophical thought, devel-
opment of art, and even scientific advancement. It
wasn't very widespread, of course. Literacy was abys-
mal, superstition (some of it true, some of it false) was
rampant and the breakdown of political systems that
defines the era meant that the majority of people were
too busy trying to survive to worry about learning
anything that didn't directly help them. Remember
though, this doesn't mean that humans of the time
were ignorant, it's simply that learning the most pro-
ductive ways of farming were much more important
than experimenting with new ones, for example. Learn-
ing and advancement takes time, resources and risk,

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 21

er ee ree

mere


Seren ere rune caren ere sear or mo res mcewrensenrenav)

and none of those were in great supply in these danger-
ous times. But it did happen. Consider the impact of
the windmill, invented in this period.

The real reason that we had our heads down for so
much of this period had more to do with our geographi-
cal location. A good deal of our tribe had been in Italy
since the classical periods, and more migrated there late
in the Middle Ages because the city-states of Northern
Italy were filled with the spirits of technology we loved
to deal with, and we always preferred a more urban
existence if possible. Unfortunately, another supernatu-
ral creature has always said the same: vampires. Under
the Roman Empire we had our influences on them to
protect us, but its collapse allowed the vampires to
dominate the period. They spread out across Italy so that
they could each have their own feeding ground, and
manipulating a few choice individuals to control one
city was infinitely easier than trying to get a decent
wedge in the Empire. So where could a werewolf fleeing
his ancestral foes and with an interest in learning hide?
The answer was obvious: The church.

The Warders Support
of the Dark Ageat Church

Again, shut up before youevenstart talking, Backup.
The church did oppose a lot of thought, that's true. But
that's also true of any large institution; I'm certain Slick
will inform you just how well regular employees who try
suggesting new strategies within corporations fare. You
can also get the image of the monolithic, all-powerful
Church out of your head. There were numerous monas-
teries, churches, cathedrals and individual bodies that
made up the church, and there was thus the possibility
of private dissent. Likewise, while the Pope exercised
tremendous power over monarchs and leaders in the
day, the church depended on the money of these lords
to operate. There was interplay of power.

Backup-Circuit flatly asks: Can I speak now?

Against my better judgment, yes.

I think you're being more than a little soft on the Dark
Ages church. These are the people who began the Inquisi-
tion and tortured heretics to death just for believing in a
something different. They set back scientific thought by
doing things like imprisoning Galileo for discovering that the
sun was the center of the Universe, and they murdered
thousands in the Crusades. As I recall, they murdered eight
hundred non-combatants because they were Jewish, and
thus allegedly the race that murdered Christ. I'm not
denying that the church did some good, but there was a
whole lot of bad mixed up in it too.

Sure, there's good and bad in everything. But it's
never that simple. The Spanish Inquisition was more

the product of Queen Isabella than the church itself,

2.

a

and there's doubt that the entire "torture to death, burn
at the stake" story is entirely accurate. Most heretics
were publicly shamed rather than killed, and whilst the
Spanish Inquisition used torture, they did so despite the
protests of the Pope. Meanwhile, Galileo made his claim
in the Renaissance, not the Middle Ages. And lastly,
yes, the Crusades were an abomination, but they were
also responsible for introducing the Arabic numeral
system to Europe. Frankly, if you want to take shots at
the church, I suggest you look at things like the blatantly
money-grubbing doctrine of Purgatory, which invited
people to give the church money so that their dead
relatives could get into heaven more quickly, or the way
the church sold pardons of sin to the wealthy.

Backup-Circuit snorts: Sure. Never mind that those
heretics were mostly Jews pretending to be Christian so they
could find work and not persecution, or that—

The point of all this is that the church was, for us, a
place of learning rather than a place of ignorance, and at
least some of us supported it. In this we made no friends
among the other tribes, since some churches taught that
wolves were of the devil. (The irony that most septs
taught Garou that humans were of the Wyrm obviously
never sank in.) Also, the developing Church had and did
engage in persecution and murder of animistic faiths,
which killed a lot of Kinfolk. We don't really know how
the Warders dealt with that, but] bet there wasa lot of bad
blood between other tribes and us over our support.

Daerwons at Prayer — Ph¢dtog wh
Cholcbantty art liam ee

Anotherreason that we chose to support the church
was our ability to hide in it easily, an important consid-
eration for us in a time of such small populations! We'd
already become excellent at hiding within Jewish cul-
tures from our time in Canaan/Israel/Palestine, and
much of that was easily transferred over to our time in
the Catholic Church. Psalms remained very popular
within our tribe, the ritualistic poetry and military
overtones of many of the writings stayed as true in a
Christian context as they had before. The major change
was in many of the material components of our faith.

The most obvious technique we used was substi-
tuting images of Mary for images of Gaia. This hap-
pened in numerous ways, we used icons of Mary with
very explicit nature overtones painted onto her cloth-
ing. Post-St. Augustine, young female cubs routinely
took vows of chastity whilst being taught about Mary's
perpetual virginity, which allowed their teachers to
instruct them about Gaia in guarded doublespeak right
under the humans' noses. Even if they were caught
talking to their packmates on the issue, the same coded
language allowed us to escape detection.

Glass Walkers

ee


One interesting note is that the church also al-
lowed us to maintain, for one of the few times in our
history, non-urban caerns. The idea of monastic life
came to Europe from China in 397 CE, and many of our
tribe quickly took to the notion. There were a few
reasons for this. It would not be improbable to suggest
that there were rites that had been developed among
our tribe in their time in China that may have been
known by some of our Western members, and that
returning to similar environment would have helped
to resurrect their use. In addition, the idea allowed us
arare chance in Europe to expand outside the urban
environment and develop caerns away from human
eyes. Or some eyes, at least. Many caerns of the time
seem to have been built on the periphery of a monas-
tery, allowing human monks to live away from the
caern itself.

In the end, those Garou that pretended to live
as monks gained a useful edge when they became
part of feudal society. Despite oaths of poverty,
monks controlled large landholdings and efforts of
agriculture and were responsible for the education
of many. These were not small tools of power when
they were needed.

Spirits were also easily accounted for in patron
saints. The spirit who would eventually be known as
Clashing Boom-Boom was known to the Warders of
the day as the Archangel Michael, whilst the Golden
Wheels occasionally made reverence to Matthew the
Apostle. It should be noted that the Warders never
actually worshipped the Christian saint as such (as did
happen somewhat later), but merely hid their Gaia
worship in the trappings of the faith.

We were also present in other areas of Europe
and even beyond at the time, the Mugahl, or "Slave"
Dynasty in India was one area in which we've found
evidence of our influence. Much like in
Christendom, the Warders hid themselves by taking
on Islamic trappings. They used the same lunar
calendar as the Jewish people, and again we used it.
The notion of jihad easily settled in with Garou
society, although one interesting piece of trivia is
how our female warriors were assisted in continuing
the war without being noticed. According to the
hadiths, religious texts recording the words of
Mohammed, the woman Umm Sulaim brought for-
ward a dagger to tear open the belly of Islam's
enemies. Mohammed smiled at her for this, but told
her instead to carry a water skin, so that the soldiers
could drink. Even today, many female Glass Walk-
ers in Muslim countries bind war-spirits into water
skins to spill over their blade or claws before battle.
What began as camouflage has become tradition.

See sane ers eraser en FEV EER meme

The Warders avd Camp: Pofipat
te DarkAget Europe

While I'm on the subject, this is when we get a
significant bit of material evidence of a tribe named
"The Warders," curiously enough much along the
same lines of our discussion, Backup. The record is a
letter sent from one Gabriella Bernini, a Kinfolk and
a nun in approximately 420 CE, which implores the
receiver, Braccio di Danilo (Presumably alsoa Warder,
although Kin or Garou is unknown,) to accept the
church as a useful institution. The relevant quote
declares, "Remember that in these times, the Church
isall that humanity has to tie it together. Even with the
Church, Italy is barely more than a string of camps
ruled by warlords who spring upon the weak with
bloodlust; without the Church it would be nothing
more. Remember that just as they are their brother's
keepers, we are still their Warders yet."

The religious connotations given to the tribe's
name here are fascinating, and repeated elsewhere, yet
not all Warders saw their duty in religious terms. In
fact, the dichotomy between Northern and Southern
Italian Warders seems to have been considerably vola-
tile, and even occasionally violent. A camp powerful
in Northern Italy, the Golden Wheel, fiercely vilified
acamp called the Brethren of the Book, most powerful
in Southern Italy. The Golden Wheels were interested
in trade and merchants, believing that kick-starting
human learning would require new exchanges of ideas,
and they accused the church of being hoarders of
knowledge and wealth, so that neither benefited any-
one. This included the Brethren of the Book (whose
name describes them well, a bunch of scholars mostly),
who were very heavily involved in church matters.
Whilst a few letters and records we have of meetings
between the two groups are filled with pleading for a
refrain from violence from both sides, this pleading
shows that violence was present.

The Cand Przzf

The one exception to all of this sectarianism was,
of course, Frederick II's court in Palermo. Frederick the
Great, the Stupor Mundi, Marvel of the World. He was
to be frank, a madman, but the good kind. He gathered
men of learning from all throughout France and Ger-
many (remember, his court was in Sicily!) including
Leonardo da Pisa, who created the Fibonacci spiral,
and the extremely influential theologian St. Thomas
Aquinas. He had astronomers, philosophers, poets,
physicians, magicians and yes, he had werewolves. |
sincerely doubt he was aware of it, but one member of
his court was the very capable Theurge and alchemist
Drogo Krauthammer, one of the first members of a
camp of alchemists known as the Firetenders.

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 23

LAR Ee, GELS, CEE 2 RE PD) SSD ERR

|

|

Krauthammer was the first to extrapolate alchemical
concepts to spiritual ones. Alchemy held that all metal
was a mixture of sulfur, salt and quicksilver; and by
changing those mixtures you could, as the legend goes,
turn lead into gold. Didn't work, but when Krauthammer
took those concepts and observed that sulfur was prone to
hosting Wyrm-spirits, salt often held Weaver-spirits and
quicksilver was a conduit for Wyld-spirits, he was cook-
ing. His capabilities won his a spot in Frederick's court,
and Krauthammer promptly invited along about twenty
other Warders from around Europe to join him.

Youcan't call his merry banda camp, because they
encompassed nearly all Warders camps of the day.
They were more like a gigantic pack, and when you
read the accounts of their behavior, the only one who
wasn't a Ragabash was Krauthammer. They called
themselves the Grandi Pazzi, or the Great Lunatics,
and the experiments and debates they conducted
quickly tended to turn into a debauch of irrational
"logic" that made sense to no-one but their own
number, alchemical mixes that defied common sense
and worked perfectly, and far too much alcohol to be
plausibly healthy. They were the maddest men of the
madman's court, and there's no question that if you
lived in the thirteenth century and desperately wanted
to push the limits of just about any human or Garou
learning, you really wanted to be there.

Oh, and Frederick eventually went on a Holy
Crusade despite being excommunicated (twice!) and
forced the pope to excommunicate the whole of Jerusa-
lem, the holiest city in Christian culture.

Elizabeth Genereader shakes her head with a
massive smile on her face: Wherever human spirits go when
they die, I hope his is resting peacefully. I wish we had more
humans like that, frankly.

Backup Circuit agrees: Ditto.

Ditto.

As does Slick Sims: Ditto. These are the kind of guys
who actually sign budgets now and then, bless 'em.

The Renawance

And then out of the morass of the Dark Ages,
suddenly sprung a vast and powerful revolution of
artistic, scientific and cultural upheaval! Thinkers in
our very homelands of Italy grew weary of the church
and its constant pleading with us to wait for our just
reward in Heaven, for these thinkers wanted to create
greatness here and now, spawning a wave of invention
like the Western world had never seen before. The
world was born anew by the sheer force of human will,
and this world would exalt the human above all else!

Elizabeth Genereader innocently whistles: And
the strong presence of Greek and Roman philosophy circu-

2

—

Glass Walkers

lating in Italy from trading with the Byzantine Empire,
fortified by refugees from Constantinople had absolutely
nothing to do with it. Nor did the prevailing market system
in Italy, which kept out the worst aspects of the soul-
sucking, advancement-crushing system that was Feudal-
ism. And it was absolutely, entirely unrelated to the vast
amounts of money possessed by the Medici family and their
willingness to sponsor great thinkers like Francesco Petrarch.
But then, you already knew this, Natalia.

Indeed, I did. Although they didn't sponsor
Petrarch, the founder of Humanism, he was around
well before they were going ahead and founding the
Platonic Academy and so forth. Nor did they really
grow weary of the church; Petrarch oftentimes noted
that he felt torn in two by his desire to learn set against
his hunger for salvation. And as said earlier, the Dark
Ages were hardly a morass, although they did not
compare to the Renaissance.

But all of this is details. The point is that these times
were something that the tribe had been starving for. The
Brethren of the Book went from being seekers of knowl-
edge, trying to find that which was worth recording; and
became editors, wondering what among so much they
should write down, and what they should leave out. The
Golden Wheel went from desperately trying to maintain
the market system of Italy to reaping its rewards. The tribe
started forging new alliances in these times, and migrated
heavily to Florence, whilst gleefully seizing upon every
new idea and invention the humans created.

Perhaps the best way to show exactly how much
the Renaissance influenced our tribe is to simply state:
The Warders were gone by the end of the Renaissance,
replaced by a new tribe.

The Topratolant

Humanism was the philosophical backbone of the
Renaissance, believing in the fundamental rationality,
dignity and worth of mankind whilst holding the clas-
sical Greek and Roman texts in the highest regard. It
was also the origin of one area of modern teaching: the
humanities. This is, incidentally, the area that covers
the study of history. So I guess I have a lot to owe to it.

The reason this is important is that it helps to
understand how the Tetrasomians came about. They
were founded by a collection of Italian Warders in-
spired by the works of Petrarch; the most notable
among them including the prolific inventor and
Theurge Nicolas Medina, poet and Galliard Merlino
Rufillo and Vittoria Zuccaro, an Ahroun and transla-
tor of Ancient Greek writings. These three were fasci-
nated by the ideas of humanism and the possibility of
"Garouism," a philosophy that would champion the
rationality and responsibility of Garou.


Rufillo was the one responsible for much of the
camp's doctrine. He drew heavily from the Greek
philosopher and scientist Empedocles, who believed
that the world was divided into the classical four
elements. Empedocles went further, however, and
ascribed mythical figures to each element: Zeus was
associated with air, Hera claimed earth, Hades fire,
and Persephone was correlated to water. These four
forces were pulled back and forth by the two great
forces of life: Strife and Love, which were associated
with Ares and Aphrodite. He believed that in the
beginning, the entire world was made of Love in a
perfect sphere, but Strife shattered Love into the four
elements that made our world as well as our souls, and
we were slowly heading back to a time when Love
would form a second perfect sphere.

From this base, Rufillo created much of the essential
Tetrasomian philosophy. The four elements stood for
the Triat and Gaia: She was Hera and Earth, the Wyrm
was Hades, the Weaver was Zeus and Persephone repre-
sented the Wyld. These were, however, the "minor"
incarnations of the Triat and Gaia, contained within
our souls and opposed to the "major" incarnation of
Gaia and the Wyrm, represented by Aphrodite and

Ares. Justas humanism believed in the ability of human-
ity to better itself with rationality, Rufillo believed
Garou could better themselves by balancing the four
elements in their soul. This did not negate the respon-
sibility of the Garou to fight the greater Wyrm and
defend the greater Gaia, but in their own souls it was
better to be balanced between Gaia and the Wyrm, able
to draw off both spirits original worthy values.

If Rufillo was the brains behind the Tetrasomians,
then Medina was the hands and Zuccaro was the
mouth. Medina was more concerned with the al-
chemical traditions that Empedocles was influenced
by and spent his time creating some of the most
wondrous fetishes of the age. Zuccaro worked like a
madwoman on researching Empedocles and the Greek
mystery traditions that influenced him. She was the
one who came up with the structure of the camp,
which was highly reminiscent of an Orphic, mystery
cult. Moots were held under moonlight, and Rites of
Passage were ended by nearly fatally wounding the cub
with a silver dagger. This near-death experience was
meant to jolt the soul and help the cub toward balance.

Perhaps because of the demands upon rationality
(and its cousin, objectivity), balance was seen as some-

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 25

ETE a PSE. SEE SS FE LE FER Y

thing very measurable. Garou who held higher rank
were seen as wiser, stronger and better and were en-
trusted with much higher responsibility. It's uncertain
that Rufillo really ever intended this; more likely Zuccaro
interpreted his words in her typically aggressive manner.

However, Zuccaro's ruthless promotion and recruit-
ment for the camp, Medina's inspiring triumphs and
Rufillo's compelling philosophy won over much of the
tribe. The whole notion of Wardingman seemedcounter-
productive in a time when humankind was sttiving for
greatness, and both the Brethren of the Book and the
Firetenders found patronage with the wealthy
Tetrasomians. Only the Golden Wheel held fast against
the Tetrasomians, and they weren't enough to hold alive
the memory of earlier times. The Warders weredead, long
livethe Tetrasomians. And whilst the Tetrasomians were
elitist, and their shady occultism flirted with the Wyrm
more than a little too often, they also gave backing and
support to many Garou that were devoted to Renaissance
ideals as well as Gaia. They did a lot of good, butsadly also
did much harm as time went on.

Now, the thing is, the. Tetrasomians don't really
appear in the oral history of other tribes, but there's a
pretty decent reason: "Tetrasomian" doesn't translate
into the High Tongue very well. As in, at all. The other
tribal names hinge on concepts that can be expressed in
the Garou language — colors, actions, physical things,
the names of powerful totemsyandso6n. Even "Fianna"
can be pronounced in the High Tongue readily enough.

What did the other tribes, oreven the lupusmembers
of our own tribe, call the Tetrasomians at the time, then?
Sadly, we don't know. I've asked the Galliards of other
tribes, but they usually answer with ‘Glass Walkers" (the
timelessnature of oral history workingagainstus, dammit),
"Warders," "Warders of Men," or even "Warders of
Apes." That last one's really flattering, isn't it? So we just
don't know whether we were called something like "The
Tribe of Four," "The Balancers," or what. Like you said,
Slick, this is the price we pay for trying to put togéther a
permanent written history and neglecting some of the
older tales just because they're "vague."

Backup-Circuit notes: Don't worry too much about
whether the name change was noticed or ratified by the
other tribes or not. I have it on good authority that they've
reacted to our tribe's multiple name changes by offering a
permanent name that they use when we're not around. So
we're all "Pretentious Bastards," and don't you forget it.

The New Worlg

There's a very deep, unusual irony in the fact that
both the Native American tribes (the Uktena, Wendigo
and the late Croatan) called America "the Pure Lands."
Much as they supposedly came to the continent seek-

ing purity from the corrupting influence of the Wyrm,
the Pilgrim Fathers came to the continent seeking
purity for their religion.

Slick Sims smirks: Too muchirony. That sounds like
classic semiotic trailblazing; be the first to establish the term
for something and everyone will follow your lead regardless
of theyconnotations. It's one of the fundamental tricks of
media relations. I'd put good odds on the idea that a
European came up with the term and the Native Ameri-
cans, bewildered, used the term because the Europeans did.

Elizabeth Genereader counters: There's no real
evidence to suggest that, Slick, at least as far as I know.
Granted, American history isn't my strongest point, but I
think the Uktena legends (at least) talk about purifying the
lands by ensnaring the Wyrm in nets. I'd really think that
this is just one of those ironic touches that makes you think,
"Wow, history is weird." Besides which, Slick, if we get to
hammer Natalia for her unsubstantiated fantasies, we get
to do the same for you.

Gee, thanks Elizabeth. Thanks a million. And
you're right about the Uktena legends.

At any rate, we weren't really that interested in the
Pilgrim Fathers. We did have a strong presence in
England courtesy of the Roman Empire, and our interest
in human religion alerted us to them, but in the end it
was just another sectarian movement by a bunch of
farmers and carpenters. We never really felt they were
going anywhere, and so'we"paid them no attention.
They wentto Holland, we barely noticed. But then they
came back to London in 1617 with plans to set sail for
the New World, our business types' ears perked up. This
was actually something new, a possible development in
human affairs, and we at least wanted to keep tabs on it.
I doubt any of our number were actually on board the
Mayflower or even the Speedwell, however it is interest-
ing tonote that one of our Galliards, acting on a hunch,
managed to compile a rough list of the London mer-
chantsthat invested in the expedition. After afew years,
he finally proved his hunch when he hunted down an
Ancestorspirit that had been in London at that time. A
Shadow Lord, curiously enough. The Galliard managed
to hunt down a Shadow Lord lost cub for him in
exchange for looking at the list and confirming that Ian
Margesson was indeed a Tetrasomian Garou.

Slick Sims grins: The most common intelligence
game in the modern world: Accounting. Give someone an
account and you'll never lose tabs on him.

At least not until 1627 when they managed to pay
it off in full. I don't think the Tetrasomians expected
them to do as well as they did. There's more irony here,
I suppose, in that the Tetrasomians would soon falter
in the face of an American camp.

26 Glass Walkers

hl

tiie, /


Tia Spbioter Baghot

Since then, slow trickles of the tribe had begun to
make the move to America, mostly due to the tribal
politics of the day. The Tetrasomians' "balanced" lead-
ership had been becoming slowly more and more restric-
tive, with leaders beginning to exercise more and more
of their. power, and younger Garou became frustfated
with lack of opportunity. The words of the Enlighten-
ment had also begun to seep into the tribe's mind...

Of course you're surprised how easily our tribe
bends to human thought. You're not a Glass Walker.

The Enlightenment had begun to seep into the
tribe's mind, and a lot of them were calling for a total
revolution of the tribe, forcibly destroying the
Tetrasomians and putting a new tribe in place. Had
merely a dozen more years passed, the French Revolution
might well have given them the inspiration to try. Thank-

fully (since such an endeavor would surely have resulted: :

in naught but the pointless butcheryfof Garou), they — and began Sein). War.

found another avenue in the American War of Indepen-
dence. Other members of the tribe had extolled the
virtues of the New World, and the possibility of these
opportunities becoming ee destroyed mobilized the

made an organized exodus for America with tent to

support the colonists. The lower number is the abso- :
lutely confirmed Garou who made the journey; half of

these came from England. The rest, who could be
anywhere between ten and fifty, came from all over
Europe. While it was an organized effort, they never
came in one group but instead in dribs and drabs.
How much effect did these Garod have on the war?
Obviously there are no official records, but some basic
logic can reveal a few clues to us. Garouaredevastatingly

effective against normal humans, of whom onlya bare ©

few can even see us without running. While‘t's highly
doubtful the small group we comprised could handle
the several hundred thousand soldiers the British had,
we didn't have to, since they had their hands full
fighting the proper colonists. The disinterest of Britain's
public in the war, the steady morale of the colonists
and the eventual assistance of foreign nations also gave
the British headaches, without us ever becoming in-
volved. More likely, we simply pushed them over the
top in a few key battles to ensure their victory.
Backup-Circuit scoffs: Even that's going too far,
Natalia. There's no way the Garou revealed themselves to
the colonists. That would be foolish and dangerous, which

Sree sane ers eerreseren Eevee Nn mene

meant they would never have been able to act in full concert
with their war effort. Nor could they have fought to their full
potential in major battles; adopting Crinos would have
scattered both armies efficiently. Hell, it's highly probable
a lot of us found Wyrm influences and spent time fighting
them as well as the Revolutionary War. It is more than
likely .ve were a marginal influence that assisted most
greatly in the guerilla aspects of the war, operating indepen-
dently but with some guidance from colonist leaders.

‘Sweet Mary and Joseph, some good argument from
Backup! Color me impressed, we'll make a historian
out of you yet.

A... bows.

of the bron Rigjers

hs ai ie
A lot happened in the years to come, of course,

suchas the ratification of the Constitution and the war
1H1861,P.T. Beauregard fired on Fort Sumter

~ But for us, the major event happened in 1829. A
Philodox of the tribe, Patrick Schulde, contacted 19
other Tetrasomian Garou throughout America by let-

The letters contained a feverish scribbling discuss-
greatspitit"chat he had seen in Pennsylva-

had told 9 go to the city of Philadelphia
years years hence with all whom would join him. He
eventually succeeded inbringing twenty Garou to Phila-
delphia, who all watched the testing of Old Ironsides, a
five-ton locomotive. The same spirit that Patrick Schulde
had 1 t seen would also visit them: Stourbridge Lion.

Born of the locomotive of the same name, the first

‘locomotive tested in America, he spoke to the collected
Garouand made a promise that if they made him and his
brothers great, he would never leave their children'sside
and make all their cousins envy them.

‘This is, of course, how we know that at least 20
Garou came across to aid the colonists. Schulde was
one of them, and the 19 others were his initial com-
rades. And with Stourbridge Lion's promise, they

»became the first)20 Iron Riders.

Slick Sims asks: Question. Why did this spirit appear
after the testing of the Stourbridge Lion? The first locomo-
tive testing was designed by Richard Trevithick in 1804,
and was tested in London.

It's an excellent question. I think the best answer
is that the spirit never had a chance to appear there
because there was no one to appear to. Maybe the
testing of the Stourbridge Lion created it, since it
needed a creature of spirit (like Garou) there to form,
or it already had formed in London and adopted an
appropriate form for when it finally had an audience.
With spirits, who can say?

Chapter One: Mythological Logie 27

QE Gee FPO. EEE ir ERE FD SRT EREART

hieeene Sse

2 ene RHE EN PA SA EL TEU narede

With Stourbridge Lion almost acting as a second
totem to the tribe, we focused on extending our network
of power (and railway lines) across America. Those who
had money pushed it behind railroad companies, those
who didn't spent time getting money-spirits to hang
around their offices and working to drive away the
natives who got in the way of the railroad. (Again,
something we're not overly proud of now.)

The other tribes considered us crazy, with our
giant locomotives plowing across the plains, but the
funny thing was that we were indispensable. For the
first time, we were fighting with the other tribes
instead of against them. Except for the Uktena and
Wendigo, and our tribes never really get along as a
result. In addition, the trains brought food, water,
supplies and gunpowder. The Iron Riders drew off the
spirits of the railroad and added a lot of firepower to the
cause. Hate us, curse us, and distrust us. But you
couldn't ignore us. The Wild West was what finally
made the Garou accept us. Since then, we actually felt
safe heading out into the other tribes' caerns. Not that
we do it a lot, but it's nice to have the option.

As aside note, one ritual that hasn't lasted through
to today was the Roach Week. It would seem that
Cockroach got perhaps justifiably jealous of just how
much emphasis the Iron Riders placed on Stourbridge
Lion, so every time a pack of Iron Riders made it to anew
town, they made sure to spend a week away from
Stourbridge Lion and in offering to Cockroach. Step-
ping sideways, they'd place down spiritual markers, sort
of a miniature caern, for cockroach-spirits, letting them
know how to get there. It also let Cockroach keep a
damn good eye on every town that popped up, anda few
dissident Riders thought it was his way of making sure
we never escaped him. But they forgot; Cockroach is a
totem of Wisdom. Cockroach knew Stourbridge Lion
would leave us like a tired lover one day, and come that
day Cockroach would stand firm by us. Those same
markers were our way into the towns that became cities,
and it took us no time at all to make our inroads into the
American cities once the Wild West was over.

Tbe bowupetal Revotition avd the
Leah of the Tapratorbant

While all this is going on, of course, Europe is
continuing along its path as well. The Enlightenment
had struck the first blow to the Tetrasomians. Whilst the
rationality of the Enlightenment struck a chord with the
Tetrasomians, its fierce decrying of ancient texts as the
basis of wisdom deeply offended them. The Tetrasomian
leadership's rejection of philosophers such as Voltaire
and Kant separated them from the younger members of
the tribe, and the cracks in their hold on the tribe were

beginning. But by the 1780s, a cracked tribe was a deadly
thing to have. In London, the Industrial Revolution
began, and our tribe suddenly had its hands full.

There's absolutely no question, the Industrial Revo-
lution marked the beginning of the modern Apocalypse
War. What pains us so much is that we perhaps handed
the humans the gun that fired the first shot. Throughout
history, we'd cherished the inventions of humanity. For
most of it, humanity had solidly fought against the
Wyrm in our view. Human invention ended suffering,
weakened the Banes around them, and provided an
inhospitable environment for most Wyrm creatures.
What we'd forgotten was that the Wyrm was equally as
capable of employing the tools of humanity as we were,
and in our determination to protect humans from the
other tribes, we'd perhaps done our job too well. I'm not
suggesting that we were wrong to stop the Impergium,
but certainly we'd been too enamored of the good in
humanity to see the potential for disaster. Then again,
had we not been there this situation may only have
happened sooner. Who knows?

Slick Sims interjects: Look babe, | know that this is
when we bring out our big hair shirt, but it's not like we ever
lost our faith in humanity here. Our tribe has always had the
right line, and we had guys even in the Industrial Revolution
to prove it! Take some time to look over at guys like Robert
Owen. When the rest of England was busy employing kids
and watching their workers become drunken automatons, he
saw the situation and was disgusted. And he did something
about it. Counseled them against drink. Paid them more
money. And he still made a nice profit. There aren't many
bosses out there today who've worked out that last bit.

Anyway, ahem. Please, keep apologizing, Natalia.

Whatever our role in it, the war began in London
in 1780 with the rise of the first factories. Waste and
smoke were home to Banes, misery and pain, and we
were asking a question we'd never had to ask before.
Did we support the technology, or for the first time
attack it? In the end, the choice was out of our hands.
The Wyrm was making his grand play, and he didn't
intend to let us screw it up for him. Fomori lurked in
the alleyway shadows, Banes roared at the borders of
our caerns day in and day out, and we were harassed
without pause. War had begun, and the Wyrm was
winning from the outset.

But forall the wrong the Tetrasomians had brought
upon the tribe, they made up for it with their end.
Within the Umbra, the Industrial Revolution brought
forward an old enemy: Stannum. Awoken by the
burning of coal in the late days of the British Revolu-
tion, he slaughtered an entire sept in London before
returning ‘home' to settle old scores. And whilst the
Tetrasomians may have been elitists, they weren't

28 Glass Walkers

Ff ALTA A

EE en Ey


AN ee

hypocrites. Knowing Stannum had to be stopped, the
elders of the camp gathered in the tribe's former home
— Rome — and prepared to do battle. Twenty elders
stood alongside a handful of athros. According to
popular legend, a single pack of cliaths accidentally
also found themselves in the battle.

And the battle is the stuff Galliards dream to sing

of. Stannum came with hordes of lesser Banes at his
side, and the battle went for three full days. In the end,
only two Garou stood to face Stannum, and the battle
ended when Elia Taricco buried his own teeth in
Stannum's eye. The poison in that eye slew Elia, but
his strong teeth sunk deep, and Stannum collapsed

into dust. In the crunch, the elders lived up to their
responsibilities, but the Tetrasomians were destroyed.
In the void of leadership, the Iron Riders became the
face of the tribe by default, and when many of them
returned to London to set up railroads there in 1844
the entire tribe would call themselves Iron Riders.

The Boh Loubkize Nove fo Phong Kong

Asall of this has been happening, the Boli Zouhisze
had been suffering. The rise of the Manchus in 1644
was a mixed blessing for the tribe. On one side, the
Manchus themselves brought a powerful respect for
history to China, much of the current knowledge of
Ancient China is because of the Manchus support of
historical projects. However, the Wyrm exploited the
changeover of Dynasty excellently. The Boli Zouhisze
had managed to place a few select Kinfolk and Garou
in high government offices and throughout the mili-
tary in Han China. When the Manchus came to
power, these plants were ousted and worse, Bakemono
— that's the Asian variant of fomori, for those un-
aware — replaced many of them. The Wyrm not only
had gained a position of power, but used the informa-
tion the Boli Zouhisze were forced to abandon there to
strategically attack Boli Zouhisze caerns.

This continued for well overacentury. Beaten and

desperate for a weapon, in 1813 the Boli Zouhisze
made a daring move by throwing their lot in with
foreigners. The British East India Company had been
crucial in perpetuating the opium trade in China, and

D

the Boli Zouhisze offered their services, employing

) Pa . . Umbra tactics to become some of the East India

_ : Company's best smugglers. Even many of the Boli
e Zouhisze Elders assisted.

f NS on When the Chinese government offered Hong

\\ UPS Carry 3 Kong as a British port in 1842, the Boli Zouhisze

\ 7 \ P Ne moved en masse to the small island. Better to be, they

> \ A reasoned, the big fish in a small pond then the small,

dead fish in the large one. Whilst some Boli Zouhisze


Seer ere rane earn arene ar nr rm remmearenre

remained on the mainland, from this point on the
tribe's focus would be Hong Kong.

The BatoHh of the Class Weikors

The Industrial Revolution and Stannum's ram-
page had shattered London's Garou. The strongest
caern in London had been destroyed, and a bunch of
rich, arrogant Americans called themselves the lead-
ers despite having no one to lead. It was a depressing
time for the tribe in that area. Adam Sutton, a London
Ragabash, took to wandering the city for days at atime.
According to his diary (now kept asa tribal treasure by
the London sept), he heard a rapping in the alleyways
and began following it in 1882. This took place over
weeks until he finally worked out to step sideways and
follow it in the Umbra.

Eventually, he found the source of the rapping. A
long, spindly umbrella rapping against walls, held by a
tall man wearing a plaid waistcoat, a brass pocket
watch with Roman numerals in the pocket and an
"anarchy" pin on his lapel. Adam Sutton had just
discovered the London City Father, the first one ever
discovered. Glass Walkers today tend to forget that we
just didn't even know City Fathers and Mothers ex-
isted until a little over a century ago.

Buh.. Cor Faok War Fobortng
Prague Father fo 1123/

Numerous details about this story could be
wrong. For one, Natalia's reliance on written his-
tory leaves her blind to details in the oral history,
like when the first City Mother or Father might
really have been discovered. Also, the City Father
has always been an elusive, tricky spirit. Even in
the modern setting game you can count the num-
ber of City Fathers and Mothers formally known to
the tribe on your fingers. It's perfectly reasonable
to believe more City Fathers and Mothers are out
there in other cities, and that they may have
adopted packs quietly in older times. They just
never sparked off the revolution that Sutton's
discovery of the London City Father did. City
Fathers and Mothers sort of exist timelessly, and
thus tend to be wildly anachronistic; London's
Father might look in Roman times exactly like he
does today. As such, setting your game in earlier
eras could make for some great visual clashes and
fun play.

Or, in brief: Feel free to ignore this and whack
the City Father into whatever era or place you
want. Have fun!

amen ra at IEA AE MY Ss BITE ETE CRAY CP

But once we knew about that first one, it was like
wildfire. City Fathers started to be found everywhere.
Perhaps it was a trick from London's Father, who's a
trickster spirit at heart — deadly serious until you
realize the trick, whereupon he bursts into laughter.
And in classic trickster fashion, the City Fathers and
Mothers had been right in front of us the whole time,
only we never knew what to look for. After the news
of Sutton's find swept through the tribe, City Mothers
and Fathers were found in New York and Philadelphia
within the month, and Atlanta, Boston, and Chicago
were all found within that year. Why American cities
seemed to fare so much better is still unknown, al-
though Toronto was found in the 1950s, and both Paris
and Melbourne were found late last century. (The City
Mother in Paris only ever appears to foreigners, appro-
priately enough. That city has always been at its most
beautiful in the imaginations of its admirers.)

During this time, the Iron Riders had been falling
apart. Individual members of the camp were still very
wealthy and powerful, more so than ever, but they had
less and less to do with each other. The completion of
the Northern Pacific railroad in 1883 highlighted how
successful they'd been, but also suggested that they'd
really completed their purpose. As such, the camp
faded in power and the loosest camp in tribal history
managed to change the name of the tribe. Since this
new camp, held together only by their devotion to the
various City Fathers, spent most of the time in the
Umbra, their name reflected —

Backup-Circuit, deadpan: Stop it. You're killingme.

— this. You needed a reflective surface to step
sideways into the Umbra, and the most common
reflective surface in the city was glass. Glass Steppers
sounded silly, and so pretty soon the Glass Walkers had
displaced the Iron Riders and Tetrasomians.

The Stifpag Covtary
avd the Contemporary Title

Of course, it didn't last. The Glass Walkers were
just too disorganized, with no real leadership or agenda
beyond finding more City Fathers. It's a credit to how
powerful the City Father was that they lasted as long as
they did, but ironically, it was perhaps their lack of
longevity that ensured their immortality in the tribe.
By the time the Warders, Tetrasomians and Iron
Riders had run their course, the entire tribe was sick of
them and wanted to forget about them as quickly as
possible. They'd just been around for too long.

By contrast, the Glass Walkers were a popular
group, just not as powerful or effective as might have
been hoped. When the Wise Guys managed to gain
the sort of power in the tribe that other dominant

30 Glass Walkers

ne

ae

y


as A FEY SER ers me

camps had, the rest of the tribe didn't stop calling __ time. I just happened to be the lucky one that found a lead

themselves Glass Walkers. Maybe someday, ifacamp that got me to acontact that led me to another contact, and

gets a solid enough grip on the tribe and hangsjaround _at the end of the chain an ally that found me the information

fora few centuries again you'll see our tribe getanother _ that we both needed and dreaded to hear.

name, but that seems fairly unlikely. The Glass Walk- the end of 1999, I used one of our seasonal rites as
® ers short run of power, a mere thirty years, set hat —_a soapbox and told our tribe over videoconference between

is now known in the tribe as the Shifting ¢ TY as many septs as we could hook up: The Cyber Dogs had

where four camps really held the spotlight of the tribe. — engaged in experimentation on unwilling lupus Garou.
Somehow we negotiated the horrors of two id We bed this would curb their ambitions and cease their
Wars, a depression, and disco. ; d . Instead, it sparked violence. The day after my
But it is the most recent events of the tribe h an ement, three packs of Glass Walkers marched into
of greatest worry, and I'm not the one to tell . the erdam caern and demanded that certain Cyber

Elizabeth? Do turned over. They had no authority to do so, and
Elizabeth Genereader breathes in de e attacked When the story broke out, there
ends the story: When it's all said and done civil war within the tribe.
recent developments in the tribe's history begin Bat Fac and even some of America.
achievement of a pack named the.@yber Dogs. m e a rapidly growing force,
The Cyber Dogs were... visionary, to putit mildly. A T hopalessly outnumbered, and were slaughtered
of them were mentally brilliant and physically i they were found.
They were also frighteningly Weaver-oriented. onsider my situation: My actions catapulted the
forming a whole camp around them, and the ca 1 Interrupts into the spotlight of the tribe. We'd
like the pack but without the smarts orp ia the tribe's attention and everyone wanted a piece ‘|
fetishes worried us, but calling up Jisible member of the camp, I
moots when Gaian spirits would
what terrified me. Personally.
I'd talked to other Random } sl
years the camp had been setting up, and
terrified as I was. A few Urban Primitives joi
small alliance, and we started trying to find'a way, ms of our own tribe.
way, to stop them from spreaing jeter: Iw ,e s where ourstri nds today. | could be a lot
in any way, hell; I was still bar ub at the et oe

0 onebelieve any dominant
as ever been lead aba afostern before. The only reason
it acliath is the recognition I gained from my actions.
worse, I became the leader of the dominant camp,

¢ I was indirectly responsible for the slaughter of large

Chapter One: Mythological Logic 31



"The future is an inherently good thing."

— Warren Ellis

The Firtt 38 Pours

If you're not a Glass Walker, you don't fully under-
stand the first forty-eight hours. Those first two days
since it happened. If you're not homid, then you just
don't understand, period. You didn't get the luxury of a
First Change right in the middle of a crowd of people,
most of whom you know by face and name and maybe
even by personality. And you're among that crowd of
people when something little, and it's always the most
stupid little thing, sets you off. Contrary to cliché, you
don't "see red." You see people, and faces, and your own
claws. You know full well whom you killed.

It just doesn't seem to matter at the time, is all.
Killing them seems right.

And once you realize what's happened, and you're
wet with blood and naked and frozen with terror, you
slink into the corner and look at them all and wonder
what's wrong with you. And then, monsters show up,
grab you, and you're screaming as you wait to die.

A whole lot of you who had human parents know
this, I know. But most of you don't understand the next
bit. For those of you from wilderness tribes, this scene is
followed by being jammed into a truck and driven out of
town. It's harrowing, I'll bet, but it's quickly over.

For us, though, you get a blanket thrown over you
and you get shoved into a car's back seat as the monsters
turn into people, and tell you to stay quiet. (Back when
the Wise Guys were at their peak, they tossed you into
the trunk.) Then, you drive nice and slow up the main
road, and you turn into a parking lot and walk into an
elevator, and you go up forty floors. You're scared
witless. You want to scream. But you don't, because you
saw what these things were before, and you want to live.
So you shut up as they herd you out of the elevator and
toward a shower. If you've got good eyes, you'll notice
the shower room has no mirror, and no sharp objects
available. Assuming they're on the ball, the Glass Walk-
ers rarely lose a cub to suicide. Can't afford to.

Given clothes (one size-fits all outfits), you're given
over to a counselor who explains, very patiently, that
you're not insane, but that yes, you are a monster. It isn't
very reassuring, butit'sstill the best procedure we have yet.
Meanwhile, all around youare people on phones. And you
slowly realize every single one is talking about you.

Think about it for a second. How hard is it to cover
up mass murder? It depends on where you are, of
course. This whole sequence is mostly true for First

Chapter Two: Networki hg 33

=

SLE ATES SP RRS HR SRS ATO,

World nations. Poorer countries get a slimmed-down
version since for the most part the enemy (that is, the
police and media) are either not as well equipped or
less concerned with protecting the population than
with controlling them. And werewolves flipping in
poorer districts of places like America (I'm talking
about Bone Gnawers, here) get the advantage that, in
general, the police don't care as much. It's hideous
cynicism to believe that if mass murder's going to
happen, it should happen to those in crap housing, but
that perception works to their advantage.

But if you're from reasonably wealthy areas, like a
large percentage of Glass Walkers, you don't get that
advantage. Stopping a police and media investigation of
anywhere from six to two dozen murders in one brutal
spree isa fiendish process requiring bribes, threats, black-
mail and every other edge we can hold over key individu-
als. Usually, a scapegoat is needed. We do our best to pin
the murder on someone serving the Wyrm's needs, but
they aren't always conveniently available. It's not pretty,
but like I said before, these aren't pretty times.

So for the first 24 hours, this poor little teenager is
alternately trying to kill everyone in the building, crying
her eyes out, and generally being hidden. And for the
second 24 hours, she's slowly watching people she's
never even laid eyes on before sacrifice their time,
money and effort in the pursuit of protecting her. And
as they doit, they all have huge grins on their faces; they
slap each other's backs and hands and laugh every so
often. They're rejoicing, because a cub has been found.

If you can get past how horrifying it is, it's
absurdly funny.

hithialion

Inaway, those 48 hours are your real Rite of Passage.
You don't know this at the time, of course, but you're
being monitored from the moment you arrive at the
caern. (For the curious, that high rise | mentioned
earlier is the caern. I'm not just referring to just my First
Change, either; a lot of caerns are in high-rises. More on
that, later.) If you're up to the task, they'll even try to get
you involved in the last stages, with some assistance. A
particular favorite is getting you to edit your own police
record, and if you have any experience with computers,
they'll likely get youto do that. For those who are getting
flashbacks to Menin Black, we don't erase all our records.
Those records represent a wealth of contacts and useful
services available to us. Why get rid of them?

If you're less computer-inclined, it can be things
like making phone calls to find yourself a new home, or
if you're too young to live alone then to find yourself a
tutor. Schooling does not end when you Change; if it
did, we'd be at a tremendous disadvantage.

34
_

Zor the Rett

This is, of course, only true for the homid members of
the tribe, who comprise as much as 90-95% of the tribe,
with the majority of the remainder being metis. These
breeds have to be introduced into the tribe differently.

© Metis

Metis tend to have a far better lot in the Glass Walkers
than they'd receive in most tribes once they have their First
Change, but before that they have lives that would make
even a Fianna metis cub wince. Since a metis cub being
seen by humans would bea very efficient way to destroy the
veil, they're kept under lock and key, usually by one of the
Kin. (Theoretically, Gaia's warriors have better things to
do than raise children, especially ones requiring such
intensive care.) After they have their First Change, metis
are suddenly allowed tojoin the caern andhavesome social
and physical skills taught to them in a hurry before their
Rite of Passage. Ironically, whilst metis don't suffer the
same stigma they do in other tribes, they still suffer greatly
early on. Many metis born into the tribe are introverts and
lack fighting instincts. However, metis are considered the
equals of all other Garou, at least in theory.

¢ Lupus

The number of lupus Garou in the tribe is so tiny that
there are few generalities that can be made. Each case is
unique, however; lupus tend to be prized by the tribe
precisely because of their rarity. Often they're kept as "prize
pets" of either relatives or the leader of the sept, and are
takenouttohuntandlearn theskills of their wilderness born
cousins. Unfortunately, this often creates lupus that are very
used to taking orders and less used to taking initiative.

Since homids are so clearly the majority, they tend
to be seen as the default of the tribe in most septs. This
doesn't mean they're the "preferred" breed in any sense;
in fact, sometimes it can work the other way and the
lupus gets favored for high profile tasks by virtue of
standing out more. However, the tribe can forget the
needs of its lupus and metis members from time to time
as a result of their minority status.

Many septs attempt to combat this in the same way
that many Western political bodies have, by ensuring
token members of the breeds are represented at all
levels of leadership. At least one major position of
responsibility will be given toa metis or lupus. The most
common choice is Gatekeeper, for two major reasons.
Since metis and lupus usually have more Gnosis than
homids, they're often a better choice for the job. The
second reason is that even if they're not the best choice
for the job, the same logic behind the first reason can be
explained to any homid that feels (perhaps rightfully)
slighted in the name of breed politics.

Of course, this is all modern-age custom. In the old
days, things were a little more balanced between wolf
and human — but that was then. This is now.

Glass Walkers

ee


ANNs eee

The specifics don't matter, anyway. The point
isn't to show off how knowledgeable or tough you are,
it's to show how you deal with high-pressure situa-
tions. Cubs who manage the first 48 hours well have
proven themselves before the Rite of Passage and get
what teaching we provide as soon as possible. Even
before you're officially "Garou," you're being led into
the Umbra and are being instructed on the finer
points of your auspice. This isn't just the basic 411
that all cubs get; this is a serious in-depth training
that most of the time you don't receive until after
your Rite of Passage. We tend to nickname it "the fast
track." Cubs on the fast track barely get a Rite of
Passage at all: A Theurge might just need to negoti-
ate with a friendly spirit and get it to do something
specific for them, or an Ahroun might be asked to
"discourage" someone from harassing one of our
Kinfolk. All that's really required in this case is to
show basic competence, such cubs have already
demonstrated the nerve and willpower it takes to be
a Garou in the Glass Walkers. Such Garou are often
the best we have, and it makes no sense to endanger
them with a rough Rite of Passage.

Most, though, don't get such an easy time. If
you, like myself incidentally, spend your entire first
48 hours curled in a ball and pleading with everyone
to go away, then you get the standard deal. Teach-
ing from elders is minimal: Such cubs haven't shown
their ability to deal with pressure and are therefore
security risks, hence they are only told what they
need to know and what we don't mind giving away.

The sharper of you here will have observed a
problem with the system: Only the homid members
of the tribe endure the first 48 hours in such a way
that it can become such a testing grounds. This
means that lupus and metis are never considered on
the fast track, and it's a point of some tension in some
caerns, I'm certain. How it will be fixed is not certain.

Rites of Passage for these cubs is done in groups
whenever possible. (In truth, we'd do the same for cubs
on the fast track, but how often do you think we get
enough fast track cubs at the same time to do that?)
They're also based entirely upon what the caern needs
done at the time. There's a lot of debate that flies
around how challenging these Rites of Passage should
be. On the one hand, we want our soldiers to be of a
certain standard. This is a war, not a kindergarten
class, and making a Rite of Passage easy for a hopeless
case can, actually will, be costly later. On the other
hand, any Garou is better than none and throwing a
group of cubs to the — erm — wolves is a waste of
resources. Even the most incompetent, loathsome
screw-up can breed, if nothing else.

35

|

Nase RE AS FEY GE CLA a SA Ta POA

The general compromise reached is that every Rite
of Passage is given a rate of difficulty based upon our
intelligence of the situation, ranked from one to ten.
Anything above a six gets a supervisor who won't
interfere except to yank the cub's chestnuts from the fire
(and immediately declare the testing a failure, though if
they survive the cubs can try again.) The higher the
rating is above six, the more supervisors we employ. If for
some ungodly reason the cubs were sent on a rank ten
Rite of Passage, they'd merit an entire pack of supervi-
sors. FYI, the very moment we hear that a werewolf
might be among the cubs' opposition, the ranking is
considered at least seven. Rank eight requires at least
half as many werewolf opponents (or beings of equal
destructive capacity) as the cubs and nine is invoked
when there's at least one enemy for each cub. Rank ten
would require the cubs to be outnumbered two to one by
werewolf opponents, so we're frankly discussing situa-
tions such as "making a full-scale raid on a Black Spiral
hive." Any elder who sets such a Rite of Passage is going
to face a lot of challenges for the decision.

Most, of course, are nowhere near so heinous. In
fact, the general ranking of Rites of Passage tends to
hover around six and are designed to test the cubs'
ability to work as a team, their self-control, willpower,
nerves and ability to operate quietly. My pack was sent
to acquire the details of the members and capabilities of
asmall Wyrm cult so that we could begin a purge. The
Rite of Passage required us to use public and private
computer databases, an Umbral search of their meeting
grounds, and some good old-fashioned sidewalk pound-
ing, with special attention paid to our ability to not draw
police attention. It also should have been ranked level
seven after we learned that four members of the cult
were fomori, but that's another story.

Odd development: Among some young Glass
Walkers, the ranking of your Rite of Passage is becom-
ing a status symbol. If you "passed" a rank eight Rite of
Passage, you have bragging rights over someone who
only needed rank three. It baffles me, since the really
good Glass Walkers, the ones who began on the fast
track, uniformly get rank one rites. Go figure.

Backup-Circuit takes the opposing view: Jeez, there's
a really easy reason why those who get the tough Rites of
Passage get respect straight off — they've proven themselves,
man! Being on one end of a telephone and holding your wits is
not the same as facing down a pack of psychotic werewolves,
and way too many "fast trackers" break down in their first
fight. I'lltake the hardened rank ten over the untested teacher' s
pet any day of the week, thankyouverymuch.

After the testing, the actual rite takes place before
the entire caern and combines aspects of the Catholic
Mass (blame the Wise Guys), a college graduation

eaten ey a a Te onan renal

(blame the Corporate Wolves) and a knighthood.
(Goddess only knows where that came from.) The cub
or cubs kneel before the ritemaster and are given
ceremonial robes before the duties of your auspice are
recited to you. You are asked to recite the Litany back
to the ritemaster before he makes the mark of Gaia on
your chest, then your auspice glyph on top of it, the
tribal glyph above that, and lastly the symbol for the
caern's totem. Finally pure spring water is poured over
your head. (Evian works.) This calls forth the caern's
totem to recognize the cubs as Garou, and the rite is
completed as the ritemaster calls for the caern to
recognize the Garou as a comrade and a Glass Walker.
Certain details are negotiable. Traditionally red paint
is used to mark the glyphs, but tattoos have been used by
more street-level caerns and if times are tough and such
rites need to be worked fast, magic markers will do the job.
Like everything in the tribe, our rituals evolve, so it will
be intriguing to see how the increasing power of the
Random Interrupts in the tribe will influence the rite.

Atlee Rofat

When the ritemaster goes over the auspice duties,
they use fairly traditional language, and it sounds
appropriately archaic so as to be impressive. Galliards
like myself are told, "You are to honor those that serve
Gaia, and to decry those that would spoil Her radiant
beauty. You will ensure those who become martyrs
before our eyes will be remembered, nor will you let us
forget our mistakes. You are the tale-keeper, you are
Galliard." But really, Glass Walker society is often very
lenient in interpreting auspice roles. Taking your cues
from a Western human society that for the last two
centuries devoted itself to allowing social mobility will
do that for you. But we're also not quite as easy-going
toward it as you might think; we're still Garou. When
we walk into the night air and see Luna displaying the
symbol of our birth, we still feel that surge of pride and
Rage that all Garou do. And it's a wonderful reminder
that auspices aren't just something that the people
around you set up: They're the mandates of a goddess.

However, we figure that she trusts us and that it's
better to have someone enthusiastically working on
something a little tangential to his role than someone
half-heartedly pursuing the straight and narrow of his
auspice. And perhaps appropriately, the way we view
auspices is somewhat cyclic, just like Luna.

Regabath

The stereotypical Ragabash is a computer hacker,
gleefully ripping into the computer systems of Wyrm
controlled companies and creating chaos. The stereotype
isn't too far off, either; it's good for Ragabash to be

36 Glass Walkers

7 fof PETE LT, CLP EGET PBs SEL ED, DE TEE TT ITO IF TLD, IE


technically-minded, since they can produce a lot of
creative stuff that way. Still, there's a lot more diversity in
the auspice than a group of illiterate techno-wankers.
Back when the Corporate Wolves were at their peak, the
fashionable thing for Ragabash to be was a "consultant"
who could neatlygo over an entire corporate (or caern)
structure/and identify weaknesses. With, of course, a bit
of nudging toward more environmentally safe solutions.

Then you get the political activists, the.cyber-
journalists and all sorts of other mutations. The point
here is that the Ragabash has two jobs: to locate weak-
ness, and to promote forward thinking. Where the first
isconcerned, we don't care if it's picking up the Achilles
heels of our enemies or helping us cover our own asses,
we justwant to make sure we exploit situations well and
don't leave ourselves open to exploitation. The second
is pretty self-explanatory — questioning the why of
something as well as the how is one of the first steps
toward innovation. And we love innovation. The
"pranking" everyone talks about is a trickster tradition,
but it's not the end-all and be-all. If it's the best way to
make a point, then go ahead, but otherwise, just come
out and tellus what the problem is and how we should
fix it. It wastes less time, and reduces distractions.

Which isn't to say that pranking is entirely absent
in the tribe. Culture jamming is an idea so perfectly
Ragabash that you can't help but wonder if a few
members of the auspice weren't there to help its incep-
tion. Other members of the auspice seem to delight in
walking through gaping holes in our defenses while in
disguise, and then making the whole caern sit through
the security video replay of how she did it. One classic
case saw 20 lbs. of staples lugged through three check-
points, all equipped with metal detectors. Lazy operators
and loose shift changes allowed her to negotiate every
last one. Of course, when she got here she rubbed it in,
quipping, "Office supplies?" Everyone's a comedian.
Thewrge

This is where things begin to get weird to other
tribes. Theurges come in all shapes and sizes in the
Glass Walkers, from the most traditional to the down-
right quirky. On the more familiar side of the equation,
you get simple modernizers who perform traditional
rites with convenient alternatives. A trip to the pet
store provides the cotton-tailed sacrifice most Garou
have to hunt down, before burning it and making a
smell. They buy Yamaha Drum kits to make fetishes
out of the skin and proceed to wake the neighbors
greeting Helios every morning. They're the worst
neighbors you've ever had. For a reason.

Then you get religious wackos. For various rea-
sons, Glass Walker society is often deeply religiously
syncretic, and nowhere is this more evident than

See Ae WS GAOT PICEA Ns a

among Theurges. Whether it's howling the Anthem of
War over the symbol of St. Elizabeth of Portugal, or
performing Misogi for a Rite of Purification, these
Garou take the basic elements of Gaia worship and
interpret it in the context of human religion.

And finally you have Technogaianists. By using
LEDs to rouse limited consciousness in REM sleep and
produce lucid dreaming (or just sitting in front of a
computer screen for so long that they fade into uncon-
sciousness), they manage to find the Goddess in the
computer, and the VCR, and any household appliance
you'd care to name. You can't appreciate just how
flexible Gaia is until you've seen a Glass Walker delete
a 3D rendering of a cow they worked for days on as a
"sacrifice," and then you see it work.

Theurges aren't just the official diplomats to the
spirits in the Glass Walkers. They're expected to be
leaders in crisis situations and even military commanders
inacaern's defense, especially during assaults that have a
spiritual element. In short, Theurges are considered our
one-stop spirit-dealing shop with a knack for getting
results. A lot of responsibility rests on their shoulders, but
when you look at the biographies of great Glass Walker
heroes, you'll notice a lot of the crescent moons up there.

Bypass-Circuit, anoisy bastard, complains about
his life: Man, we always get the short end of the stick.
Everyone in the tribe thinks we're brandnew, and everyone
outside the tribe thinks the whole tribe is like us. Fact: We're
not new, and we're still a minority. Sort of.

Most people out there tend to think of Technogaianism
as something very modem, placing the birth of the movement
with the creation of the early computers in the 1930s and
'40s. But a few smart people notice that for a while, a whole
bunch of Technogaianistsavas the dominant gangin the tribe:
The Iron Riders. And they were doing their bit about a
century before the computer ever became a reality. Forget
Babbage engines, these guys were into steam engines.

You don't need a computer to see Gaia in technology;
you just need any technology with moving parts. Even
that's really an artificial distinction; a klaive is technology.
We're just extending the basic principle with the times.
When watermills got going, we looked for the spirits in
them, and then in windmills, and firearms, then steam
engines, and now in computers. Just about every tribe out
there has their Technogaianists, really (except maybe the
Red Talons); it's just that we admit it freely.

See, whenit's all said and done, Technogaianism isn't
radically different from regular Gaianism in terms of its
beliefs. There are one or two spirits we worship that others
don't, but we revere Gaia above all else, and we have a
specific language for giving Her praise.

Natalia really doesn't convey just how varied we are,
either. I've seen some of us find spirits in induced REM sleep,

Chapter Two: N etworking 37

Sg eS,

IDET

|

but others have found ways to summon them with a "Find
Computer" or even justa "ping" command ona PC. Others
just find ways to house spirits in their computers on a long-
term basis, turning their own computers into fetishes. Doing
so requires an actual "house" for the spirit, though how this
house is created depends strongly on the personality of the
Technogaianist. The stereotypical "punk hackers" offer war
spirits homes made with first-person shooter level editors,
whilst more urbane types use architectural software. One
guy I knowis going to experiment with player-created housing
in MMORPGs with intent to "infect" other players' com-
puters with spirits. No idea how it'll go.

Technogaianism kind of happens in waves. Gets very
popular, then dies off, then gets popular again. Since there
are a lot of us in the Random Interrupts, I'd like to think

we're on the crest of a wave waiting to break.

Cbijodox

Given that Theurges.getsso)manyyburdens, it's
perhaps unsurprisingithat Philodox get called upon.to
pick up a lot.of' the slack. Whereas Ragabash and
Theurges get specific duties like "keep us on our toes,"
or "deal with spirits," Philodox get the very wide-
ranging task of "keep us running smoothly." Needless
to say, they tend to be jacks-of-all-trades types. Some
roles may sound familiar to most Garou. Philodox get
the task of resolving disputes, punishing offenders and
counseling troubled souls. Other roles, however, would
surprise many in other tribes.

Running a decent urban caern is expensive. Secu-
rity technology needs to be maintained and updated
on a regular basis; supplies such as food and ammuni-
tion need to be refilled. Bills like electricity, rent, and
water have to be paid, and in such a way that our
enemies can't work out where we are if they start
monitoring the utility companies. This is the kind of
thankless work that usually falls,to the Philodox.

Likewise, remember that our "medicine men" are
busy trying to refine the caemn's defense plans, soPhilodox
get the role of combat medies, too. It's all part of the
same basic idea of "Keep the pack a well-oiled machine."

And of course, you're looking at the basic preser-
vation of the law. This would seem like a pretty simple
job; after all, we Urrah must be pretty lax about
keeping up with the rules, right? Well, not quite. Every
sept has its own procedures, and there's the spiritual
mandates handed down by Cockroach and Gaia, and
of course the laws of the Garou Nation to boot. A savvy
Half-Moon had better be able to keep up with all that.

Many tend to take up other jobs as well. (If only, I
suspect, to take their minds off everything that requires
their attention at the caern.) This helps, since we're
kind of a non-profit organization and thus need every
contribution we can get. Philodox often make sterling

3

Nae ca me eR Coe OS La PE arenas

a

business managers, high-level accountants, system ad-
ministrators and any other jobs with lots of variables to
be juggled all at once. They get a lot of practice at it.
Once you've worked out how to take down a discon-
tented Ahroun all the while already thinking of ways to
deter investigations into the disturbance and where the
money to replace broken equipment will come from, |
guess everything else would seem a little tame.

Gibbard

The one spotwhere Philodox get a break is when it
comes to orgafiizing cofamunications. While, it's still
one of the ¢ritical points in ensuring we runa tight ship,
Galliards are traditionally the Garou in charge of get-
ting messages out (think howling) and it kind of gets
held over into our tribe as well. Since we're not going to
be sitting up on top of skyscrapers howling out com-
mands, it serves us well to be knowledgeable about such
things as secure transfer protocols, scrambling devices
and other helpful trivia. Galliards also get "public rela-
tions" duty as a by-product of this. If the exerement hits
the oscillating unit, expect us to be manning the phones
and issuing denials by way of any fronts we have.

But it's a different focus than that of the Philodox.
Where the Philodox spend their time making sure the
pack or sept is healthy, we're in charge of making it look
healthy. We're professional smokescreen artists, the po-
liceman who says, "Move along, nothing to see here."
Sometimes we're better than theni/andiwé make)them
believe it, othertimes we just use the same trick as they do
and make it not worth the trouble to try and see past us.
Is this useful? You bet it is. Tt's called "counter-intelli-
gence" and when you've got pesky Ragabash trying to
work out where to hit you, we're the first line of defense.

As always, the more traditional duties of the auspice
also get a good work out. Praising the hometown kid who
done good is our job (as is cursing out the hometown
bumbler who screwed up,) and the motto here comes
straight out of Gilbert and Sullivan: Make the punish-
ment fit the crime. There are times to be subtle and times
to ram it home, times to be traditional and other times to
be flamboyant. I've personally been more at home with
subtlety, whispering in the right ears how so and so has
been quietly and stoically taking on stuff that needs
doing, and thus ensuring that he and his pack get a crack
atsome more high-profile stuff, achance in the limelight.
What he did was honorable, and that's how you recognize
it. On the other hand, | knew one Galliard who put
together a music video from stolen security camera foot-
age of one Ahroun surgically taking apart an enormous
fomori. She (the Ahroun, I mean) promptly forced our
sept to watch it about fifty times over the next week. It was
the perfect way to showcase her moment of glory, and I
couldn't have done it better myself.

Glass Walkers

tition‘.


Finally, and most importantly in my opinion,
we're the tribe's historians. This extends from the
largest events down to the smallest details. Kinfolk's
place robbed? Write it down and file it properly. One
of our packs massacred in a brutal ambush? Write it
down, file it properly, and make sure you write a fitting
obituary to them as well. One of our Theurges creates
a powerful fetish? Write it down, file it properly, and
construct proper praises for the Theurge's wisdom.

It may sound cold and impersonal, but it's not.
We've got as much pride in our written history as other
tribes do in their oral history, and ours is much more
detailed. We're archivistsaswell as historians, and if we
do our jobs rightyworking out why we're fighting who we
are should néver be hard. It should all be there, written
down, filed properly. More importantly, our history is
who we are as Garou, as Glass Walkers, as a sept and as
packs. I know I rambled on a bit, but I'm proud to be a
Galliard, and wouldn't have it any other way.

Abroun

And we've come full circle, since some Ahroun
appear to be at first glance a bunch of, well, chaos
causing computer hackers. Just like the Ragabash.
Perhaps some explanation is in order.

Nobody wants to be an Indian; everyone wants to
be a chief. It's how humans work, and to a large degree
it's how Garou work. Wolf-like understanding of domi-
nance and submission tmy-cotton-clad posterior, we're
competitive beasts. And meanwhile, we entrust our
basic leadership to the Philodox, and we entrust a good
portion of our military leadership (at least when not on
abattlefield) to Theurges. At first glance; it appears that
the only role left for an Ahroun isa grunt. Do you think
they're happy to accept that? No. And as a result you
find a great deal of diversity in the auspice, since Ahroun
need to find their niche instead of just having it handed
to them. Hence, you find computer hackers who are
unparalleled in destroying enemy systems, or profes-
sional smear journalists who can wreck the career of any
politician whose campaign we don't like. I've personally
met one Ahroun who devoted himself to learning the
stock market and now spends all his time deliberately
crashing the stock of companies we suspect are Wyrm-
tainted. The difference between the Ahroun and the
Ragabash is simple: The Ahroun aren't about trying to
find weaknesses, they're purely about trying to cause the
greatest damage possible to our enemies. They are, as in
every tribe, the shock troops in our army.

And it also worth mentioning that while on the
sept level, the Ahroun tend to get lost amidst the other
auspices, at the pack level they're often the most
capable leaders and frequently alphas. I think that
ultimately, the way our tribe looks at the various

See nce mr aes en PERSE en meme

auspices works for us when it comes to the Ahroun,
because by forcing them to find their own niche we
delay their headlong rush into bloodletting and force
them to think a bit. Once that's done and they've got
some common sense in their heads, they're often the
best of the best in our tribe: Decisive, passionately
devoted to Gaia and fiercely loyal to the pack mates
who adopted them after the sept offered them nothing.

Don't mess with our Ahroun. They know war-tech,
they know Sun Tzu, they know corporate raiding and
curbstomping and media campaigns and just about
every tactic of persuasion known to the Mafia, Yakuza
and Russian Mafia combined. And they like to show off.

JSititude
8 Wer ni

Speaking of adoption, let's talk about Cockroach.
Other tribes will give you a cock and bull story about
how the totem perfectly represents their tribe, and
how the tribe and the totem are perfectly matched.
Well, here's why I think Cockroach adopted our tribe:
He liked us, and we didn't have any say in the matter.

Think about our tribe, back when we were slowly
emerging. We were pariahs from the start, so how many
spirits do you think were looking favorably at us? Worse,
we championed humanitysthatcreature with the pecu-
liar talent for wiping out other creatures entirely. | doubt
we were very popular in the spirit world. But Cock-
roach... Cockroach is a canny spirit. He saw how messy
humans were, and he saw us as a very good thing. Ever
notice how you often,See deer around Fianna caerns,
falcons with Silver Fangs and that Shadow Lord caerns
are dark and stormy an awful lot of the time? Seems to
me that once you agree to adopt a tribe, your real
children get to hang around with them a lot.

And if we were going to be inthe city, then damn,
but Cockroach was going to find a way to let his
children feast off the scraps of humanity. Which do
you think came first in the city, cockroaches or us? I
dare you to prove which. So that's how it started, as I
hear the story. We provided Cockroach with food, he
provided us with spiritual legitimacy. It's called sym-
biosis, or simply "a good deal."

We still have a lot of respect for Cockroach, mind
you. He's an adaptable critter; have you ever seen some
of the giant cockroaches in the rainforests? There are
three and a half thousand different species of cock-
roaches out there and they're all wildly different. Adap-
tation isa crucial part of progress, so we admire that. He's
a faithful business partner, too, and if any of our tribe start
to take him for granted, us Galliards hand their asses to
them and remind them of what happened in the Wild

Chapter Two: Networking 39

ee TS PD NY

|

West. Also, Cockroach is old, and that's something
that we really like. The Silver Fangs can rant all they
like about how they're rightful rulers by virtue of
history and tradition, but they could do well to
remember that our lowly tribe's totem has been
around for more than twice as long as the earliest
ancestor of Falcon. They're everywhere, they were
once the dominant creatures on the planet, and they
can probably survive nuclear winter. There are loads
of reasons to like Cockroach. But despite them all,
our relationship is business. Strictly business.

Slick Sims chips in: I think our little Natty here is
getting a little queasy about the insects. Typical chick, am
I right or am I right? Listen, a lot of us see Cockroach as
much more than just a business parmer; he's a totem of
endurance and success. Whenever I'm in the red, I start
scribbling little cockroaches on every paper I sign. Weird,
but it works: I've never gone out of business yet. I know
Bypass keeps alittle metal cockroach on his computer, too.

But while we love him, sometimes you want to bring
agirl home andit just don't cutit to have the walls crawling
like in. a cheap apartment. But you can't kill your daddy's
children, so here's what you do. Get yourself a margarine
container, and smear the inside of the thing with oil before
pouring a glass of red into the bottom, and then pour a
tablespoon of oil on top of that. Leave a few of them around
the house, and soon they' ll all fill up with cockroaches that
you can put outside. We have a clean house, they get a bit
tipsy, I get laid, everyone's happy!

You're a slimy prick, Guy. No good, you are. No
good at all.

Res and Cofebrafiont
The L ithe fe

Another way we keep our ties to Cockroach is
through the ironically named "Little Rite," which is
held on the 15th of March every year. Why the Ides of
March? Maybe to remind ourselves not to get above
our station like the Roman conspirators, since this rite
honors all the things that we forget, but can't live
without. Whether it's Cockroach and his tiny chil-
dren, the machines that make us coffee and keep our
juice cold, or the paperboy who never gets a word of
thanks; we dedicate this day to keeping our relation-
ships with others pure. To that end, we give gifts. We
dump whole sacks of powdered sugar onto our kitchen
floor overnight for the cockroaches, or spend time
listening to the binary chatter of Net-spiders, or tip the
boy a few hundred bucks. Septs often celebrate the
Little Rite together as well with a massive gift to the
minimum wage workers in the mail room below the
caer, or with an all-out assault on the Banes in a Net-
spider nest so that the thing is entirely clean.


Seeesam erm emweseren reese Yn ee

However we doit, the Little Rite makes sure that we
don't forget anything or anyone. The city is made up of
details, and forgetting any one of them is dangerous.

of Gaiaand the Garou. Ee ea a ie tohonor
its fallen in war, and on that day, we honor ours.

Nee dawn_on ister & Day (which, by the way,
> observe

ays in every land), fy Glass Walker in the city
gathers in the Hall of Honer. It's similar to the Grave
of the Hallowed Heroes, butis kept within acaern only
if that's our only caern Within the city. In the Hall is a
record of the name of@yery Glass Walker in the city
that died serving Gaia(or! ¢ekroach. Sometimes it's a
dedicated computer touch screen monitor,
other times a more digni atue or engraved marble
wall serves. During the rite, we add any new names to
the record and then call a spirit of the city into the
Hall. In exchange for a favor, the spirit agrees to keep
the Hall, and by symbolic extension the souls of the
fallen, safe for another year. May they rest in peace.

Promethean Daze

At first glance, this rite appears almost generic. A
week of feasting and cleansing isn't unique to the Glass
Walkers. But look at when we hold it, and the reason
behind the rite becomes clearer. The Promethean
Daze happens right at the end of the year, along with
human celebrations like Christmas, Kwanzaa,
Chanukah, and, of course, the New Year. We're often
called the "tribe of Man" and this rite certainly gives
some weight to the moniker.

This rite breaks down into two parts. The first part
is marked by gluttony, and as a result tends to take up
most of the week. We eat, drink, fight and make love (to
Kinfolk, in theory) to our hearts' content. During that
time, we supposedly work to throw off our limitations. It
all happens through conversations, old grudges break
down over wine and dinnertime conversations find an
informality that lets us find simpler ways of operating.
But as our Elizabeth proved, it can also happen in
grander ways. Thanks toGWnetand videoconferencing,
this rite is becoming more global every year, and thus it
can make a great platform for political moves.

Elizabeth sighs: If there had been a better way to get
the word out, I swear I'd have used it. I just hope I haven't
doomed us to endless shock announcements every Daze.

The second part begins when everyone is too full
to eat anymore and too hung over to party. In this, we
try to foresee the oncoming year. It happens in various
ways, Theurges call on spirits for guidance, while

anes iereepeien tenes

others try to use clever deduction to make logical
predictions. We all try to see concrete ways in which
the tribe could further its spiritual, Garou, and human
ties. In so doing, we renew ourselves.

CaCrH

Certainly, our gatherings can give our enemies a
very attractive target. All things being equal, you'd see
us adopting a cell-based approach, with packs being
told to communicate only with specific other packs
through secure media.

But all things are not equal. In the Apocalypse
War, one objective reigns supreme: Seize, control and
keep secure every caern you can find. The tenet of the
Litany about allowing no caern to be violated is simply
the most important tenet of them all, in all circum-
stances, and hence we live a lifestyle rather like most
tribes in this respect. The caern is all-important, and
we spend most of our waking (and sometimes sleeping)
hours there if at all possible.

There are some differences. Many Glass Walkers
choose not to live inside the caern itself, though I'd doubt
that less than half the sept is outside the caern's bound-
aries at any one time. Nor do any Glass Walkers ever live
more than five minutes drive from the caern. That's not
custom, that's tribal law. Also, exactlywhéré'our.caerns
are tends) to be wildly differentfrtom most tribes.

Think about yourverage wilderness caern. It's
out in the middle oftno-where. This allows yowa lot of
freedom an urban caern just can't match. You can set
a firm bawn wide around the area, and administer
whatever justice you like (usually death) to anyone
foolish enough to venture into that area. Nor do you
usually expect to be caught, since short of a federal
investigation you're outside of the jurisdiction of hu-
man law enforcement.

By contrast, the urban environment is cramped
and everyone walks everywhere. Even if we tried to set
up a bawn, we'd never be able to enforce it in any useful
way. We'd have to screen anyone who walked into it,
and remember that a ceramic pot with a Bane bound
into it can be a weapon of mass destruction as far as
we're concerned. If you don't believe me, ask Simon
Gentle, who continues to pour money down a bottom-
less well known as "Central Park," which is so drowned
in security cameras these days that he spends more
time fighting privacy advocates than the Wyrm.

There's generally a progression in caerns. The
most powerful ones predate the cities they're now in
and pop up in usually unworkable locations. Those
that are still around are rare, since they're indefensible
and priority targets for the Wyrm. Central Park is a
textbook case, and it's a wonder that it's still alive.

Chapter Two: Networking 41

a

a
|


Later ones that date back a century or two tend to
be weak and located on the outskirts of the city, either
in suburbia or semi-rural areas that are quickly becom-
ing suburbia. They're not quite "country manors" but
they're the next best thing, large properties made for
rich folk in developing America (or Australia, Europe,
so onand so forth,) which usually got updated with solid
walls and security features later. These are less trafficked
areas, and they are more defensible, but they tend to be
out in the liminal zones, spiritually, devoid of either the
really powerful Wyld-spirits of the deep wilderness or
the genuine article Weaver-spirits in the heart of the
city. There are still anumber of them around, but they're
not as strong as we'd like, and that's a real drawback.

Caerns created this century and especially in the
latter half of this century are more common than you
might think, because the greatest worry when creating a
caern are those who know exactly what's happening and
where to strike. That is, Black Spiral Dancers. And while
the Spirals have taken to the city better than most tribes,
they've got nothing on us. They're still, even today, on
our turf. It's less true every day, sadly, but you use what
edges you have. Even 50 years ago, we owned the city
among the werewolves. Ourreal opponents were Leeches,

tak.

and they never batted an eyelid if we tried to create acaern
because they had no idea what was going on.

So, after the experiences of dealing with old,
poorly positioned caerns and semi-rural, poorly posi-
tioned caerns, guess what was the first thing we paid
attention to when we made new ones? In the words of
the real-estate developers, location, location, loca-
tion. And that location was up. We started building
them on the top few floors of skyscrapers.

They're perfect. We still have powerful Weaver-
spirits since we're right in the middle of the city, where the
Weaver is strongest. Literally no one walks through the
area of our caern, since we control the floors entirely. We
have our bawn back. It's expensive, but no more so than
the large properties we'd used before. And they are
defensible. This is the key to the entire choice. Enemies
seeking to attack us from the ground give themselves
away long before they come close to our floors. If worse
comes to worst, we can call on the spirits to have horrible
"accidents" occur like elevator cables snapping. Or we
can fill a stairwell with bullet fire. Conversely, attacks
from above require helicopters, which we can spot from
a mile away and counter-attack with smog-spirits or (if

need be) heavy-caliber bullets and LAW rockets. And

Glass Walkers

niche conte

yes, that does leave a smoking helicopter plummeting to
the ground and killing people. Any attack on a high rise
is flamboyant and draws attention, which, in this case,
works for us, since we can easily direct police attention
toward our opponents and give them headaches. Jam-
ming technology with Gifts is better, since it doesn't
indict us, but you use what you have to.

The only way that you can make decent attacks on
caerns in high places is from the Umbra. Sadly, that's a
real concern for us. Most Glass Walkers aren't the best
Garou in the world at quickly jumping from Umbra to
physical world in a hurry, since homids seem to lack the
spiritual connection that mules and ferals have that lets
them quickly step sideways. It's not surprising that metis
don't quite have as much stigma in our tribe as in many
others; they're far too useful for us to drive away.

This is why Theurges get such a large share of the
military pie in our tribe. When assaults on our caerns
do come, they almost inevitably come from the Um-
bra. And since we're not the best in the world at
Umbral combat, spirit allies are crucial to our hopes of
successfully defending the caerni. ;

Defense concernsialso dictate our
location for caerns — underground.
ferent problems than high-rise caerns, and each hasfits
own strengths, too. The strengths of an underground
éaern are obvious: You don't have to dealwith your
neighbors on the lower floors; the police"are practically
a non-issue, and you can really just lét go and make all
your plans non-concealable becauSe no-one's going to
look in. The problems are considerable, though. We're
talking about the Wyrm, after all, and worms like
burrowing in the ground. Motion detectors do wonders
for informing us of an attack, but they only alert us,
rather than actually deterring the attack. In the end,
underground bunkers give us a bawn, and privacy, but
not enough security to be preferable to high-rises. In
less-developed nations, though, they're out in front.

When we're not risking life and limb to protect our
caerns, Glass Walker septs are ten-percent social club,
forty-percent mission headquarters, and fifty-percent
temple. The social club thing is more important than
you might think. We're a tribe that spends all our time
around humans, and that's actually pretty demanding.
Little things that humans just gloss over can get
incredibly irritating, especially when they repeat them-
selves. It's just the incredible sense that they don't
understand; that they can't feel the last dying gasps of
the Earth that are so loud in our ears. Believe me, when
hicks come into town and they end up killing some-
one, we may get mad, but we can't really blame the guy.
After a few days, any Garou would just want to rip
humans apart for being so damned apathetic about it.

Shem samn.re as eeereseren Pee aE Non mee

Bunkers have dif

We're still mad, it's a hassle to clean up, but we're not
the Warders of Men anymore. People die. It happens.

So the social club aspect becomes important. If
they can afford it, most septs like to buy televisions,
stereo systems, and other stuff that facilitates talking
and civil social intercourse. We don't have the same
luxury as wilderness caerns, if someone flips out and
starts trying to rip out someone else's lower intestine,
the noise and commotion attracts attention, and at-
tention is a real problem for us.

Mission headquarters is, however, much more im-
portant. We're an army, not members of the jet set. (Well,
some of us are both. But the former is the more important
one.) To that end, we have computers. Lots of them, all
of them hooked up to various networks or acting as hubs
for spiritual communications. Information is the word for
the day, and we like to have as much of it as possible. We
get updates from any handy Net-spiders trailing people
we need trailed. Eyes are kept on the news feeds, and the

Guy "Slick".Simis gives'yow'the:hard sell:
Handling a whole sept can be a tough task: Even
"whien you're a professional with a smooth, smooth
voice like tiie, you still end up with a few quarrels, and
afew full-fledgedbrawls. Ithappens, but the trick isto.
be prepared for it and'work to minimize the damage.
First ofall, anything thatcan'tbereplacediskept
in back rooms, not the large ones out in front. That
includes Kinfolk, by the way; they get their own
special section of the caern, away from us. Anyone
that wants to get into the back roomsasks permission
first. We don't lock the area, it's pointless. Try to keep
outa werewolf with a lock? Get real. Instead, we keep
a silent alarm on the door, a video camera above it
and if we can, that little spiritual touch that only we
can provide. If you break the rules, we find you, give
you a public dressing down and get the Galliards to
write it up in the annual report. Ouch, take that!
Second, we provide a cover story. If you can't
come up with the capital to own an entire office
block, and I've yet to work for any Glass Walkers
who can, then you need to consider an investiga-
tion. While my special consulting team can work
out the perfect solution for your needs, we tend to
buy a lot of old but large computers, and we update
our workstations as often as we can, selling the
others rather than working off a lease. It's all smoke
and mirrors, baby, keeps our bill with our computer
supplier high and the ‘exploding' machinery can
account for any noise or damage that gets spotted.
Just play by the rules, and any troubles you have will
be short and sweet. Give mea ring if you need any help.

Chapter Two: Networking 43

SEAN LCE, EE SED LEED LP LET TENA

PN SE

"—wVPrne ee

higher up the chain we can go, the better. Only the best
septs out there manage to get the news before CNN does,
but a well-tuned sept can hopefully get it before it goes out
on television. A lot of it is also perfectly normal, legal,
commercial services: Janes.com is useful for keeping track
of world trouble spots, and Reuters offers excellent ser-
vices in the economic sector. All of this is information we
can and do use.

Finally, we don't forget our own agents as well.
There's a whole group in our tribe devoted to electroni-
cally breaking and entering our enemies' systems, and
Umbral tactics can make most intelligence gathering a
breeze, provided we have someone available in the area
(which, given the size of our tribe, we all too often
don't). This is perhaps the one area in our tribe in which
the Kinfolk really get to shine; we all love being able to
have a reliable voice anywhere in the world. Pity it's
complete garbage duty and most Kin rightfully hate the
idea of being separated from their family to live in a
foreign land, investigating creatures that would kill
them in very cruel, sadistic ways if they were discovered.
I'll come back to this, because it's very important.

Finally, and most importantly our caerns are
temples. Glass Walker caerns are often littered with

Wes

small religious iconography. You find bullets engraved
with the symbol of Clashing Boom-Boom scattered
everywhere in caerns of Glory, or small statues of
monkeys placed on top of each water cooler in a caern
of Wisdom. Individuals tend to make their own marks,
too, so a particularly multicultural sept can be glori-
ously eclectic: a row of workstations each decorated to
the point of tackiness with metal cockroaches on one,
Gaia-glyphs converted into crosses (occasionally cru-
cifixes) on the next and a Buddha statue holding a
small moon shaped icon on the third.

Most of the features you expect to find in any caern
you can find in ours. Shrines are incorporated into
everyday surroundings like I just said, and many tribes
also have a few dedicated shrines in the forms of statues.
Dedicated shrines are always labors of love and quite
stunningly beautiful; the sculptor throws herself into
the piece as a worthy tribute to the totem. Sacrifices
made to the totem tend to be in the form of burned
possessions rather than blood, though buying expensive
gifts to be burned is considered insulting to the spirit.
Long-held, precious possessions make fitting burnt of-
ferings, and money is in most cases appropriate. In the
latter case, however, it is ritually offered to the spirit,

44 Glass Walkers

Uf PLE PS ET Da TT, - PE ST EC GG


who is then consulted, and the money is spent in a cause
that meets its desires. Why waste it by burning it?

In contrast to the intricacy of shrines, the caern's
heart is usually exceedingly simple. Inlaid into the floor
in brass or another decorative metal is a perfect circle
surrounding the glyph for the caern spirit, also inlaid
into the floor. No other decoration is placed in the area.
Sometimes, these decorations occur in a room, most of
the time they exist simply in an empty space of floor
surrounded by the other details of the room.

Now, you'd think at the very heart of the caern, we'd
be filling the area with appropriate items such as guns for
a war totem, or appropriate icons for a totem of calm, so
onand so forth. We don't, fora very simple reason. While
the Weaver is a wonderful ally to have in many circum-
stances, the Wyld is of paramount importance to a caern.
Without the Wyldandaconnectiontoprimordial change,
allowing the Gauntlet to drop enough to make a caern
work is impossible. As we tend to fill our caerns with
artifice from top to bottom it makes sense to leave the
caern's heart as free of such as we can. It still seems stark
and barren to most Garou, but simple, uncluttered el-
egance seems to appeal to the spirits we summon, and
when we get it right it's as easy to step sideways in one of
our caerns as it in any wilderness caern.

The one thing you don't tend to find in our caerns
is a lot of living quarters. Offices are a lot smaller than
bedrooms, and only the wealthiest septs can afford to
offer every werewolf living space. There are a lot of
other reasons to avoid in-caern housing, as well. First
of all, while we can still create a fairly large caern in
about three floors or so, we never have caerns as large
as those you find out in the wilderness. This means that
when conflicts arise, and again let me remind you that
they do, neither angry werewolf has an opportunity to
walk far enough away somewhere to calm down. We
get our share of fights in urban caerns, and they're
riskier. Keeping as few potential disturbances on the
premises at any one time seems wise. Secondly, we're
known as the "money tribe." Can you really imagine a
whole bunch of people very used to creature comforts
deciding to go ahead and live in, what would effec-
tively be, a dormitory? Actually, | can imagine that
when you consider how dedicated most of us are to the
cause, but it's still something we prefer not to do.

Ingeneral, most Glass Walkers live in apartments as
close to the caern as possible, and certainly no more
than five minutes away by car. Lots of them look like
that mirror scene from Enter the Dragon, too. The
possibility of having roadblocks put up to keep our
warriors from getting on scene is troublesome enough
that the option of using the Umbra to reach the caern
has to be kept open. And while this seems like a

—

Sem sanre rs errcere reeves aes

tremendous safety hazard, it actually works to our ad-
vantage, forcing the enemy to be more cautious. Ifall our
troops are in one place, then we're one big red target.
Packs driving in after an invasion has begun allow us to
easily flank the opposition and are often tactically
useful. Nor can the enemy do something simple like cut
off communications to deny us tools like the police.
Most caerns keep a number of servers connected to our
warriors' homes, and if every one of them suddenly pings
out, we have at three or four calls made from off-site.

Generally, at least half of the sept can be found in the
caern at any one time. Normally it's more during the day
than at night, but this changes depending upon which
enemy is the greatest threat to us at the time. If we're
fighting vampires, then you tend to see most of the sept
become nocturnal and spend their nights in the caern. In
addition, a lot of the Random Interrupts spend more time
in the caern than others. Most claim this is because
they're "really committed to saving Gaia" and a few will
offeraslightly more truthful: "We're the new guys, and we
need to prove ourselves." And sure, they bring their
sleeping bags; they happily camp out on the floor to stay
in the caern with little regard for their own modesty or
privacy, or civilities like washing for that matter. (I'm not
entirely in favor of this development.) But if you ask me,
the truth is that they want their LAN parties to neverend,
and this was just the easiest way to do it.

Now,sto keep my promise. Remember talking
about Kinfolk, and how they'd really prefer hotto take
jobs that involve thém léaving their families and going
to dangerous'places with little thanks? Well, unfortu-
nately there aren't many choices beyond these kinds of
tasks in our tribe and it's véry much a major problem.

Think aboutjit for a secondsWhat role do most
tribes offer théir Kin? Financial support for the caern?
We're a tribe that spent the last couple of decades run
by those with corporate interests, and even if our
budget isn't unlimited, we've no gripping need of
donations from our Kinfolk. Or how about sending
Kinfolk to the cities to keep an eye out there? No good,
we're in the cities, and sending Kin into the wilderness
is exactly the garbage duty most so rightfully hate.
Acting as liaisons with humanity? Ever since we were
the Warders of Men, that's been what we do. We're the
tribe that deals with humans better than anyone else,
and we can't afford to let our people skills slip.

All the standard roles for human Kinfolk are the
kind of things we Glass Walkers just do on an everyday
basis. All that's left are garbage jobs, cannon fodder or
breeding stock. When you add in the complication
that most septs force their Kinfolk out of the caern for

Chapter Two: Networking 45

nme


2 ra ear FE AEE AA MRD LR Henri ae

reasons of "safety," you soon realize we have some of
the worst Kinfolk relations of any tribe in the Garou
Nation. Kinfolk are ignored, asked to do hideous jobs
at incredible risk and are rarely seen as anything more
than attractive genetic material.

It used to be a little better back when the Wise
Guys were running the tribe. All the emphasis on
"family" meant that everyone got something to do. But
even then, the female Kinfolk never got any jobs
beyond child bearing or sexual entrapment, and being
Kin was still seen as somehow being a "disappoint-
ment" to the family. They still ended up having too
little to do that we Garou couldn't do better. And the
Corporate Wolves made the whole mess even worse;
nepotism ran rife and top jobs were invariably denied
to Kinfolk in our version of the "glass ceiling."

So far, we've not had a disaster of say, Samuel
Haight proportions yet. But it feels like it's only a
matter of time, and when we get our Sam Haight,
there's a very good chance he'll be someone rich,
powerful and influential. Something needs to be done,
but no one is really sure what. With any luck, the
Random Interrupts will help the situation somehow,
but again, it's hard to see how. Their specialty is data
analysis and computer cracking, afid once again Kin-
folk don't get much of a role to play:

Elizabeth Genereader weighs in on the Kinfolk prob-
lem: Right now, there are three real problem cases among our
Kinfolk we're currently aware of. They're collectively known as
SH-2 in our files, and they all have two things in' common. First
of all, they're dangerously powerful. We've got loads of Kinfolk
that bear grudges but only afew of them can really come back and
kick us in the teeth over them. Little things like faking waste
dumping from some Corporate Wolf s factory, that's small fry.
Any dumb Kin asshole from accounting can manage that. What
we're talking here is direct action that could lead to several dozen
Garou deaths, minimum. Secondly, each one of them has some
reason we can't just take care of the problem in the most obvious
way possible. Yes, we love our Kinfolk. But when it comes down
to it, we're soldiers. If they're going to turn traitor, you make a
pre-emptive strike. But each of these three has some safeguard
against that, so we have to be more careful.

The first is Melissa Ruth Bithell. She's the oldest of the
three, bornin 1938 and planted by the Wise Guys late in their
period of greatest influence. The Corporate Wolves were
making strides, and they got this girl (who had already been
forced to have two kids before she was 20, by the way)
married to some rich oil baron as a way to counter their
growing power. They didn't think much of her past the pretty
flesh, and that was a mistake. Once her hubby kicked the
bucket, she proceeded to hire the best consultants money
could buy and used common sense where she lacked financial
acumen to diversify the company. Now, she's well known in
business circles, gets mentioned around Wall Street, and

bears her former family one hell of a grudge for her earlier
mistreatment. We can't touch her directly, because it'll be
noticed. She has a grudge, and more money than God. One
scary combination. Right now, she's considered the most
likely SH-2 candidate. It's not quite "when she'll turn, not
if' yet, but it's considered even odds that she will.

Number two takesus over tothe former USSR. Aristomakh
Wowk, bornin 1943 anda trusted colonelin the Russianarmy.
We also believe him to be affiliated with the growing Dies
Ultimae movement within the tribe, which would explain the
camp's strength and success in Europe, he's supplying them
with weapons and information. That's why we're doubly
worried about Wowk. First of all, he could easily bring down
the force of at least some of the Russian army down on the tribe.
Norwould we put it past him to have connections with the
Russianmob, which, if true, would give him easy access to even
more dubious military options. He's one of the few people who
could knock over a caem with ease »Worse, if he ever decided
to turn double agent, he could quite possibly tum Dies Ultimae
against the rest of the tribe. Thankfully, we've no reason to
believe he's about to turn, and Dies Ultimae hawe a reputation
of great relations with their Kinfolk. But the potential for
destruction is enormous, so we keep tabs on him, too.

Finally, we have Lin Zai-shuo. This is one of the few guys
who decided to go out and be the roving informant for us. He
spends his time inland in Singapore, and is just about the only
information source we have in that area. There is a handful of
other people justlikehim. Butin January, he hada birthday and
a few other Kinfolk decided to make a surprise visit for his
birthday party None have come back. Nor has he mentioned
seeing them. Nor has he noted any major Wyrm activity in his
last set of reports for the year. If he's been feeding us misinfor-
mation, then for all we know the Wyrm could be up to
something of quite literally world-shaking proportions in the
area, and we'd know nothing about it. That's enough of a
frightening prospect to put him in the SH-2 basket, as well.
Problem is, he might not be telling us lies, and if we got rid of
him, we'd lose our only source of intelligence in the area. Still,
don't be surprised if we cut our losses there.

Parting note: The idea of any of these Kinfolk turning
against us is scary enough. What happens when two or all
three of them do? Or when one we don't know about does?

The Liany
Garoy Shab Not afte wht Caroy

We don't help our Kinfolk situation here, either.
We don't have a tremendous reputation like, say, the
Bone Gnawers or Children of Gaia for siring metis, and
true enough, we don't sire that many. But we have a lot
of them in the tribe anyway. They weren't necessarily
born into this tribe, is all. The Rite of Renunciation is
costly, but when you consider how most tribes treat
their metis, a lot of them think the price is worth it.

46 Glass Walkers

[POL Ps ST Ps inlay //


See, we've got a lot of time for metis. Part of it is the
practical concerns. Metis make awesome fighters since
they shift to their breed form fast as anyone, and their
breed form is nine foot tall with big pointy bits on their
paws. They have astronger connection to Gaia than we
homids do, and as I said before, we really need that. Our
weak point has always been stepping into the Umbra,
and any help offered there is more than welcome.

Elizabeth Genereader raises a voice of dissent: |
worry about how permissive we are of metis. It's great to
have theories that show how metis deformities might just be
the results of recessive genetics, but I can't help feeling
we're extending our faith in science just a little bit ahead of.
our faith in Gaia. We see things that just can't be explained
by science on an everyday basis, or at least, you do if you

spend any length of time in the Umbra. I don't think we

should start killing them again, but we seem to almost
reward them for being metis. Is this a good way to tell young
cubs that boinking your packmate is a bad idea?

Worse, I've been keeping track of the remnants of the s

Cyber Dogs. And I'm seeing a lot of metis. Unless I'nt
wrong, I think they' re specifically targeting metis for re-
cruitment, and it's a technique that's siving.t them alot of
worrisome strength.

But there's more to itthan sheer practicality. :
an ideological basis here too, and it's worth noting de .
back in the seventeenth century or so, we have stories
of metis being slaughtered at birth and a really intrigue
ing, disturbing diary of a doctor who dissected metis to
try and find their soul. He argued it would be blackj
"stain'd with the very stuff of the Wyrm."

Charming stuff. But I think our tribe really swung
around in the Age of Enlightenment, listening to the
ideas of liberty and equality offered by philosophers
like Kant. Those ideas, and the politics founded on
them, definitely carried over into our tribe. Prejudice
against metis started to seem barbaric. Not all at once,
certainly, but that's how it stands now.

However, here's the other side of it. If metis aren't
wrong, then why is making a metis wrong? There are a
lot of answers. (Here's one: Surgical techniques are
awfully difficult on werewolves not in their breed form,
so we find it very difficult to improve the atrociously
high maternal mortality rate for metis births.) Unfortu-
nately, that's the way the reasoning goes. From there, it's
ahop, skip and a jump to asking why actually mating, or
just having sex, with another Garou is a problem.
Rationalizations such as "if you're using contraception,
it's okay" kick in, and pretty soon you end up with a tribe
that, even if it doesn't give birth to a lot of metis,
certainly has a lot of Garou mating with Garou.

Frankly, I'm neutral on the matter. While I'm not
going to crucify anyone for breaking this tenet of the

eee

Se nse er reser FEE EEN mene

Chapter Two: Networking

Litany, I'd also be pretty livid with any Garou that
suggested a night alone with me personally. I don't see
anything wrong with it, I guess, but I feel queasy
enough on the issue to believe it's not for me. Even in
a progressive tribe like ours, taboos have strength.

Combat the Wyrre Wherever It Duel
aod Whenever It Breeat

I personally adore the way this tenet is phrased. If it
were just "Combat the Wyrm Wherever it Dwells," we'd
be in real strife. Because we don't. Consider it. The city
isa hive for Wyrm cults, puppet corporations, vampires,
fomori, and Banes. The Wyrm besets us on all sides,

every day of our lives and if we tried to wipe it all out,

‘there'd be only eleven tribes left in the Garou Nation.
_ Thankfully, the tenet adds "wherever it breeds" and
that gives us justification to prioritize what we go after.
Wyrm cults nearly always get a temporary pack devoted to

Wthem, simply because all but the largest can be wiped out
" zeasonably easily if we get there quickly. We're going after
_ "where the Wyrm breeds." Meanwhile, vampires rarely get
~ mich attention. Not because of any ridiculous "treaties" or

80 forth, but sitaply out of respect that they could, if they
wished, pr obably slaughter usin adecade if they so desired,

while our hopes of ever getting rid of them are minimal. It
doesn'tmean we like them, they're Wyrm-riddled walking
corpses, it just means we bide our time with them and wait

' for opportunities. Ditto most Wyrm Corporations.

Let me make it clear, again. We're committed to the
t¢ause. We love Gaia with all our hearts. But it's better to

_ make a series of small victories than to win one large one
and then get killed. That's why I love the way this tenet

is phrased. I'm certain most other Glass Walkers do too.

Respect the Tarrttory of Apotter

Our interpretation of this tenet goes back to the
Wise Guys. They defined territory in their own terms,
it was where they ran the protection rackets, did
business, so on and so forth. Basically, what you'd call
"turf." You could enter someone else's turf and be
respectful, but it meant not interfering in the area. The
Corporate Wolves added a second dimension to this,
defining property and other forms of influence as
territory. If one Corporate Wolf was making a lot of
money in one area, you didn't go into competition
with him. You set off and made your money elsewhere.
Made sense, and made the tribe as a whole stronger.
The Random Interrupts have started trying to come up
with some new interpretations of this tenet to cover
"cyberturf," but I don't think you'll see too much new.
It's just not something that concerns them.

Acept ar Plonordbje Surrender

Time for a surprise for you: Within the tribe, this
one barely gets observed at all. But wait, aren't we the

47
sre eccemaraae

Siena acaaaiacaeeeiat aac

Seren earner cee a een ste ave crc em cremamverenh

nice, civilized urbane tribe? Well, sometimes, and
that's why gamecraft is usually a more popular chal-
lenge than duels or staredowns. Surrender in gamecraft?
Why bother? But still, we're werewolves. The warriors
of Gaia. And fights do break out, and when they do, we
let them go. Get it out of the system, so to speak. A lot
of us have enough medical wherewithal to know when
someone's in danger of dying, and short of that, we all
heal pretty quickly. If need be, a Theurge or Kin doctor
can often speed along the process.

In dealings with the other tribes, of course, it's more
strictly enforced. But that's true of all Litany tenets.

Jibwkiwon fo thee of higher Stafion
Backup-Circuit hijacks the discussion: Grrrr!_]
hate this damn one. We don' tlike mentors because they make
everything work top-down and ensure only a few of us use
our brains. I don't like this tenet because it entrusts too few
people with the decision-making. You know how it should
work? Submission to those with the best ideas, that's how.
Everyone gets to pitch in, everyone says their piece, we all
vote on the best course of action. That's democracy, folks!
Elizabeth Genereader offers a rebuttal: So the door's
just been kicked down by goons wearing ndthing but mutated
limbs, aspiral carved into each of their chests, and malevolently
warped smiles. "Excuse me," you implore, "Please let ‘us
convene to decide what we should do." You need a hierarchy,
Backup. In those times, people pull rank for good reasons.
Backup-Circuit continues to be a stubborn jack-
ass: C'mon, Elizabeth. We train for those situationss
When crises break out, we all know what to do. Other

times, we should talk and make rational decisions.

The Fhett Share of the Ki
jor €ach According to bit Needt

I'm joking. We still call it "The First Share of the
Kill for the Greatest in Station." To non-Glass Walkers,
anyway. But amongst ourselves? We outright ignore this
tenet. The greatest in station can damn well handle
himself, can't he? Instead, we tend to share the toys
around the sept and whoever can use the thing best gets
it. Maximum efficiency, that's what we like to see.

Slick Sims adds: Doesn't always work that way,
though. If something has that zing, that pizzazz, that straight
out "cool factor," then you end up with a fight for it and
whoever has the most clout tends to get it, even if they're not
what you'd call the best choice. Am I right? Or am I right?

Ye Salt Not Ent the F)eth of Plormant

Yep. We uphold it. What? You expected any
differently?

Reged Thee Beneath Ye _AffAre Gf Gata

Supposedly, we're one of those elitist tribes. You've
got your Bone Gnawers, who hang around with the

trash; you've got your Fianna, who are happy with any
drinking companion so long as they bring their own
booze. Then you have your Silver Fangs, Shadow
Lords, Get of Fenris and... us. The ones who think that
some folks just don't cut it and need to be gotten rid of.

Ican't speak for the Fangs and so forth. I'm not one
of them. But may I just remind everyone that we're a
tribe devoted to following an insect? Once you get your
head around that — and it's an omnipresent feeling,
like every minute I can feel Cockroach watching me —
you start to look at everything a little differently. If a
tiny insect, and not one of the nice clean ones either,
can do so much, then what can even the most seem-
ingly worthless person do?

We uphold this tenet. Not because it's the "right"
thing to do, but because we just can't help it.

Elizabeth Genereader scoffs: Right. And we're
shiny and happy and see potential in everyone, and we find
all our Kinfolk wonderful roles to fill!

Sorry, but this one grates on me. We see the potential ina
¢ockroach, but can't in our own sister? What is wrong with us?

The Vill Wel Not Be Lifer

You'd better believe this one gets rigidly enforced.
I know this one isa big deal everywhere, but it's a bigger
deal in our tribe. See, unlike most tribes, we have street
addresses. We walk around where there are security
cameras. Also where there are police forces, and police
detectives. Where people start putting together facts
and figures and clues and work out that — hang on,
something's not right here.

It'snot enough to not clue people into the fact that
we're werewolves, we can't let them clue in to the fact
that we're weird, full stop. We have to appear normal
and healthy, not a cause for concern, move along
officer! Nothing to see here. If we're going to be visible,
we have to appear normal. If things have to get weird,
we need to not be connected to them.

The good news is we're equipped for the task.
Getting spirits to jam technology works wonders on
security cameras; contacts in appropriate places can
get stories or investigations dropped fairly readily. But
you need to uphold those tactics, which means having
the discipline to rein yourself in, and knowing the right
times and places to Rage.

And if you don't, to play to my Wise Guy roots a
bit, we'll learn you some discipline real good now.

Do Not Suffer They Peoppe to Tend They Mtokvett

Most tribes interpret this one to mean, "When you're
getting too old to fight, waste yourself." As a result, it's a
real tearjerker. Beats a Julia Roberts film any day.

We havea much simnler workaround Whar weger

too old to continue, we just retire. We sever all ties with

48 Glass Walkers

i

eateries


the sept, and make arrangements to take care of ourselves.
Those of us that are still reasonably healthy find it fairly
easy to survive in oldage, especially those of us who've lost
the wolf. Which as you might imagine, happens a lot in
our tribe. The Rage and passion to fight for Gaia is just
gone, and the desire to take up macramé kicks in instead.
It'ssad, and we fight against it, but when it comes? It's time
to treat itasareward rather thana punishment, and spend
our last days away from the war. Those of us who aren't as
healthy often get a "retirement fund" from the sept, and
hire someone to take care of them, and they also retire
away somewhere they can enjoy life.

Incidentally, whenever we hear that the Wyrm
has found one of our retirees and killed them, we
prepare for bloody vengeance. Very bloody vengeancey

The Leader May Be Chabenged to Prtvape.
The Leader May Not Be Celinged bs Pipe.

For all it's worth, that's how these tenets tend to
get enforced. As always, we don't change the actual
wording on them, because if we did we'd be in for a lot
of explaining to the other tribes all the time.

One of the problems we suffer with these two is that
there's a really wide spectrum,of;opinion on just how
much "leadership" should really be exhibited. At the one
end you have the traditionalists, who are still employing
the organization and titles of the Wise Guys, like calling
theirsept leaders "Dons" or "Lords." There, any challenge
at all can be seen as an insult, a lack of respect, and "The
Leader May Be Challenged at Any Time During Peace"
is a defense more than anything else. Standard response
is acknowledging the validity of the challenge and then
demanding a duel to settle it, whereupon the challenger
can put up or shut up. Packs from septs like these are little
different, very strong alphas who demand to be obeyed
mostly as a matter of pride.

Then you get more radical septs that embrace the
Random Interrupts and try to adapt the sept to the kind
of organization they favor. Here, the leader is little more
than a moderator; their job is to let everyone have their
say and tally the votes. Challenging isn't just expected;
it's how the entire system works! Sure, you don't chal-
lenge the leader, you challenge whoever happens to
leading the current project, but the point is that the
tenets are almost ignored in these septs.

Lastly, you get the majority of septs. These are the
ones coming out of the Corporate Wolves' hierarchy
and slowly transitioning into the Random Interrupts.
The leader is sort of a chairperson or corporate presi-
dent type figure. Challenges in wartime can be toler-
ated if they're strongly seconded and have popular
approval. If this happens, the leader is expected to be
gracious and back off without a fight.

nell

Chapter Two: Networking

What is true of all these groups is that in private, a
challenge is generally held as legitimate, even in the most
traditional of septs. You'll get throated for it in some, but
you won't get sneered at for challenging. By contrast, even
in the most liberal of septs, challenging out where non-
Glass Walkers can see is regarded as the height of stupidity.
You'll get throated, and you'll be seen as a sap. Don't do it.

Ys Sha Take NoAsflon
That CawetA Crern fo Be Viofated

Orwekill you. Unlike the previous two tenets, there's
never been any change in that policy since, I daresay, the
beginning of our tribe. You think that, because we live in
the city where there are so many other, shall we say
unusual? people around that we'd let a few slip in where
other tribes wouldn't? Think again. It just makes us even
more paranoid about the dangers. Bringing in a Glass
Walker is fine. Bringing in a Garou from another tribe is
fine, although we'll keep an eye on them. Try to bring in
one of the Fera, and we'll turn you both away and probably
ask younot tocome back. We don't know them, anddon't
trust them. (No offense.) And if you go beyond that,
without a very damn good reason, we kill you. And them.

You, don't bring people. You don't tell people
about us. You don't screw up on your watch and let
people get the drop on us. We've no room for mis-
placed compassion, loose lips, or incompetence. You
bring any of those, and we kill you.

Don't tempt us. We have a lot of twitchy Ahroun
who'd love to get some easy glory.

Sethe and ookt

Caerns are all very similar from one city to the next.
After all, they're physical locations that don't change
over time the same way that people do. But as you may
have guessed from my comments above, septs are an
entirely different affair. Your Glass Walker sept in Chi-
cago is very different from your Glass Walker sept in
Seattle, because the camp that has defined the way it
operates is different. That doesn't mean that everyone in
Chicago's sept is a Wise Guy; if there are five Wise Guys
left in Chicago I'd be stunned. It just means they're using
the structure the Wise Guys set up all those years ago.

Trabpondl Sept

Or perhaps a better term would be "Old Septs."
These septs are in decline rightnow as the influence of the
camp that spawned them, the Wise Guys, is almost
entirely gone. Surprisingly, these guys manage to make
the most bureaucratic septs of the lot, even more so than
the paperwork happy Corporate Wolves! The main
reason for this is the "houses," a unique feature of tradi-
tional septs that's mostly going the way of the dodo now.

49
seem


emma carer rare SE LO LRU rear

While all traditional septs have a Don, an elder who
holds top ranking above all others in the sept, they also
have people who represent one of four houses, loose
organizations who monitor various things. You have the
Central House, which elects the Don. They are the only
people who can really challenge him, and are respon-
sible for tracking down the Wyrm in the city. The House
of Technological Advancement handles tending tech-
nology spirits like Net-spiders. The confusingly named
House of Urban Defense is actually mostly responsible
for cleansing rituals in the city and teaching rites and
Gifts to younger Garou. Finally, the House of Rightful
Justice carries out the orders of the Central House to
eradicate the creatures of the Wyrm.

Which means that, yes, the Central House does basi-_ : ‘
cally nothing except issue orders, which is ridiculously \

redundant. Also, if you have maybe sixteen Garou inasept,
you're one lucky sept, and even then you've basically got a
single pack for each house. It was an insane structure that
barely worked at the best of times, and was compounded by
having a "head" house, for eachyto which the rest wei

supposed to report. For example, every sept's Central House ~

was meant to report to the head Cefitral House, which
changed location from Romeé'to, Venice and back every so
often. Have a laughiat how poorly that worked...»

Now, shutlup and stop laughing. See, everything
ha®its strengths. ThéGentral House-had a Gift, anda
powerftikone at that. It let them summon up ancestor-
spirits, not justour own, either, but any that.owed the
tribe a favor, fromiany period in history.

The houses are almost gone now, and the Gift has
gone with them. Gone. Kaput. Forever. [desperately tried
tofind itand learn it, or get it taught to someone, btiteven
though I was a Wise Guy, I wasn't an elder and couldn't
learn it. I tried to find someone else who was an elder, but
he wasn't a Wise Guy. By the time I found someone
appropriate, my prospective teacher had been killed. And
as far as I know, he was the last Garou on the face of the
planet who knew it. No one knows which spirits to ask
about it. Even if we did, they'd be likely to refuse to teach
us, since we're not from the Central House.

We just lost, in these last few years, one of the most
powerful weapons we had. This is why we need Galliards
to record history, and keep it alive. The dark side of our
tribe's constant progression is that we lose some of the best
things we ever had to history. Hell, we lost the closest
thing we had to central leadership in the tribe. There's no
way we could get our tribe to properly act in concert now,
we're just a collection of various septs, connected by
nothing more than common interest and heritage.

Slick Sims counters: That was true even when the
Central House was at its peak, though. Name the last time
any tribe acted as one group.

Well, true. Getting back to happier topics, tradi-
tional septs have their moots on the 23rd ofeach month,
at 12:37 a.m. by the Don's watch. It's because of a lucky
night in 1908 when an attack on a caern was launched
tight as the moot began at that time, and as such we had
all our warriors on hand to beat it off. Been held then
ever since. Traditional moots tend to be heldas services,
like the kind you find at church. The Don conducts the
"sermon" that also covers the plans for the upcoming
month, but he also greets everyone with a kiss on the
cheek as they enter. So everyone talks, and he casually
mentions his plans as they chat. When he gets up to

make his announcements, he's gotten a good idea of the
"  sept's opinions and accounts for them. Other rituals are
: also performed; these refuel the spirits of the caern.

Less formal moots are also held on an infrequent
ae which are much less somber and religious, being
instead wild and raucous affairs. Basically, they're orga-
Hiized fights, like bare knuckle boxing matches. Usually
alive band is there, and the younger (or even some of the
Older) folk step into the'ring and (try to show their stuff.

These fights always start in Homid, but farely end that

Way. The rest of thie sept, meanwhile, gets drunk, yells a
lot and makes bets. Theresate obvious 1920s influences
herép but.it'sjimportant to note that times dovthange.
The music isn't always Swing, and the aléohol is rarely
bathtbgin. Butthe spitit of the affairis very much born
fromthe roaring twenties.

te Covpenppiorary Jitht

wThese septs take!their cue from the Corporate
Wolves' daysgatid are the most common septs you find
todayifhe sept leaders here are called "chairmen" or
"VPs." (The "President," of course, is the caern totem.)
These septs build on the basic principles laid down by
the traditional septs, but bits get altered. For starters,
the houses are paid little more than lip service. You
never get anyone actually belonging to a house; in-
stead, "the duties of the house" are talked about in
abstract terms. If no one is bothering to keep the Net-
spiders helping us with caern defense, then the House
of Technological Advancement is being neglected.
They mostly get written up as performance targets.

Moots are, once again, held on the 23rd at 12:37
a.m. by the VP's watch. These take the form of board
meetings, with an agenda and minutes taken. You're
expected to follow Robert's Rules of Order, and speak-
ing out of turn is a good way to lose Renown. The other
exceedingly important tradition is the round of hand-
shakes. Every moot ends with each Glass Walker
turning to the Glass Walker on their left, starting with
the VP, and shaking their hand. It's a symbol of unity
with each other and, by extension, the caern. The
spirits are very keen to see this maintained.

50 Glass Walkers

es

————


The less formal variety of moot in these septs is
calleda "rave." Contrary to the name, they don'tall take
the form of big techno-driven dance parties. Some take
the form of big corporate pep talks, where the VP gets up
on stage and rallies the troops. Others, yeah, take the
form of dance parties... but the kind where everyone's
onsome illicit substance and nobody is on the same one.
One DJ told me that organizing a rave play list is mostly
about figuring out when the whole thing will devolve
into a free-for-all brawl and planning to leave the music
on auto play from that point on.

Ruthcal Sethe

The new guys on the block. These guys are still
shaky on their feet, trying to find new ways of doing
things with a sept structure in tune with the ideals of
the Random Interrupt camp. So far, they're each
unique, each one trying different things, experiment-
ing with new ways of doing things.

One interesting thing is that the regular 12:37 a.m.
meeting (by a computer's internal clock, affirmed as
accurate by checking against an atomic clock) is often
getting integrated into the more formal variety. Ideas for
where the sept should be going get batted around all
month, with debates over them often becoming friendly
challenges. Usually gamecraft forms the basis of the
challenge, such asa computer game, trying to see whocan
accomplish some feat of data manipulation the quickest
or, I kid you not, a flame war with the rest of the sept
adjudicating whose insults were the most impressive.
Duels also happen, however, since not everyone in these
septs are tech heads. If this is the case, usually the duel will
have some sort of clever twist like fighting blindfolded to
first blood, forcing each opponent to be quiet and think.

Either way, the upshot is that all that Rage and
energy that's meant to be built up at a rave gets worked
on all month, as well as the "agenda" for the month.
The ideas get rebuilt several times over the month,
with everyone adding to it and yet more debates being
sparked. When the moot finally comes, it's a near
shout-out session, a passionate debate around the table
that should, ideally, become as angry as possible with-
out becoming violent. It's a delicate balance that the
sept leader (the "moderator") has to work hard to
maintain. But, done right, you come out of it emotion-
ally drained, but rewarded, and with a firm plan of
where you're going for the next month.

Cat

"Technologies have life cycles, like cities do, like
institutions do, like laws and governments do."
— Bruce Sterling, The Hacker Crackdown

er eee.

Se ee

Chapter Two: Networking

And like camps do. Nothing lasts forever. The old
is always replaced by the new. That's how man has
always been, and it's how the Glass Walkers are as well.

Camps usually move through stages. When they
first form, they're tiny little cliques, a group based
around an idea that hasn't really thought itself through
yet. When the Wise Guys started out, they were
nothing more than a bunch of young thugs with the
basic idea of using crime to disguise their activities. As
time went on, they reached the second stage, where
their philosophy had been perfected. For the Wise

Creafe the New

Camps die. New camps are born. The Glass
Walkers were tailor-made for today's modern "Next
Big Thing" syndrome, and new camps inevitably pop
up. One goal a pack might have is to be the catalyst
for the Next Big Thing, or at least get a bundle of
followers, and here's a few ways they might just do it.

© Wise Guys, v2.0: The Wise Guys are on
their last legs. Everyone knows it except a few die-
hards within the camp desperately trying to save
it. So why bother reviving it when you can replace
it? The actual Mafia these days operates mostly in
computer-based extortion, so it's entirely possible
a Random Interrupt pack might defect. Other
crime networks like the Russian Mafia still have
influence, and the Glass Walkers having been
trying to crack the Yakuza forever. Maybe some
Urban Primitives will latch onto a few ex-gangers
turning to more organized crime. All could start a
revolution with the right spark.

¢ No Business Like Show Business: The
Corporate Wolves have long understood how to
make a profit off the entertainment industry, but
no camp so far has really experimented with how
the industry itself and its media bombardment on
the mind of humanity might be used as a weapon.
A Random Interrupt pack might jump into special
effects, a Corporate Wolf might switch from writ-
ing memos to writing news, or the few remaining
young Wise Guys might make the same transition
from "gangsta" to "high rolling playa" that rap and
hip hop have, if one of them has talent.

¢ History Repeats: The Glass Walkers have
possibly forgotten more useful tricks than any other
tribe, simply because they keep inventing new stuff
continuously. Who knows what useful secrets the
past might hold? Who knows what mysterious truth
lies in the past, believed by no one? Your pack
might. And if they're successful... well, the Glass
Walkers love success. That's how camps start.

1

ameanten

SAAT IS TOE ES, TSE NET EEE LEASE DY LISTS ALE IID LIL,

Seer ree eran rane APO A 7 A Fermi

Guys, this meant getting involved in the Mafia. They'd
get weapons supplied to them, and start using them
against targets that both they and their suppliers liked.

The third phase, and this is one most camps never
teach, is the one where something happens to put them
over the top. A little twist, aslight (ordramatic,) change
of method, a lucky coincidence, and the camp starts
doing serious business. Often referred to as becoming
the "face of the tribe," or "achieving dominance." When
the Wise Guys stopped being just another group of thugs
and started getting a reputation as the group of thugs if
you wanted results, they were cooking. Suddenly they
were ina position toask for favors, direct their own paths
a little, and draw on the power of a vast criminal
network. No one else in the Glass Walkers could match
that. The actual Wise Guys were never a large group.
But they got such results that many other Glass Walkers
started trying to imitate them, and the Glass Walkers as
a whole were perceived as being "the Mafia tribe."

Then, of course, the Corporate Wolves showed
just how much weight you could swing around with a
multinational corporation, and the Wise Guys quickly
became yesterday's news. That's the price of success.

Backup-Circuit keeps a database on the camps.
Here's what it has to say.

Random lofarrupht

Date of Origin: 1987

Held Dominance: 1999 — Present.

Leadership Individual(s): Elizabeth Genereader

History:

B. Clarence Gilson (Ragabash) and J. Endurance
Earle (Galliard) are considered the founders of the Ran-
dom Interrupts. Both had been students working with
computers in the 1960s, and had vastly different experi-
ences. Gilson had been something ofa teacher's pet, given
access to the computer systems with threadbare documen-
tation and was expected to maintain the entire system.
Earle, by contrast, got minimal access and had to develop
aseries of workarounds and tricks to beat his supervisors.

They met in 1986 while trying to develop a Glass
Walker wide areanetwork amidst the numerous WANs
that had begun to emerge using the TCP/IP protocols
such as SPAN and NSFnet. (The project only suc-
ceeded, to a limited extent, in 1992. Maybe half of all
Glass Walker caerns are connected in 2002.) Gilson
and Earle struck up an immediate friendship and were
intrigued by each other's visions of how computers
could affect the Apocalypse war. While Gilson ini-
tially saw computers in a highly positive light, he was
soon swayed to Earle's pessimistic view, wherein Garou
would ignore and reject the tools and soon suffer as the
Wyrm used the technology against them. To Earle, a

52 Glass Walkers

iain ain Ee

realistic goal for the Glass Walkers was to minimize
that damage by denying the Wyrm his tools.

By 1987, the pair had formed a pack around the
idea of using both traditional and spiritual techniques
to destroy computer systems of suspected Wyrm fronts.
Earle wrote the manifesto for the camp "Bug-sized
Wolves" and soon spawned two copycat packs, found-
ing the Random Interrupts. "Bug-Sized Wolves" advo-
cated completely random acts of destruction, with no
logic or intelligence as to the targets chosen, in order
to frighten and confuse the enemy. By 1989, this goal
had been rethought and the Random Interrupts began
deliberately choosing their targets for destruction.

By 1999, the camp had continued to grow despite
the deaths of both founders in 1984 (Gilson, killed in
battle) and 1994 (Earle, supposedly died in a car acci-
dent). The camp had begun to develop relations with a
new camp, the Cyber Dogs. Discussions between the
camps focused largely on issues such as the nature of
identity, computers and the future of the Apocalypse
war. A small faction started developing the concept of
a "Virtual Tellurian," a complete computer copy of the
physical world and Umbra in which the Wyrm could be
redesigned. While it initially gained support, the back-
lash against it was great. Elizabeth Genereader was the
most vocal opponent of the concept, arguing famously,
"You can't code Gaia." Her opponents responded by
demanding an alternative use for computers in the war.

Genereader answered adeptly. Looking back at many
of Gilson's earlier writings, she suggested that computers
should be used to find a solution to this world's problems
instead of creating a new one, calling for creative minds to
use computers as building tools to bolster the Garou Nation
rather than cripple the Wyrm. In this she was aided by astill
anonymous benefactor who supported her direction with a
single post that promised, "US $50,000 to the first person to
send me a complete analysis of Kin to Garou ratios by tribe
over the last decade." It wassent within three weeks, and the
money delivered. The tribe had been redefined, and started
toshift from anarchic hackers to the sort of "hackers" Gilson
had originally imagined, creative thinkers exploring the
system and its potential, in the service of Gaia.

Organization

The Random Interrupts are very loosely organized
around "projects." One of the members posts onto GWnet
an idea such as gathering information on a specific Bane,
analyzing the acquisitions of suspected Wyrm controlled
companies, or leading an assault on a troublesome vam-
pire. The required resources such as money, men and
equipment are also posted, and any that can offer the
resources and approves of the project responds.

Currentprojects ofnote include the completed analysis
of Kin to Garou ratios that showed the Glass Walkers had

|


ahigherratio of Kin to Garouthan any other tribe save the
Red Talons. Also of great interest are an intended project
to connect all Glass Walker caerns to GWnet, and the
"One Thousand Bane Project." Originally envisioned by
Chantelle Aldiss, the project seeks to analyze a large
number of Banes from diverse sources using tech-fetishes
that can define a spirit in numerical terms. Once enough
sources have been found, the spirits can be compared to
each otherandall varying datacan be discarded to find the
common elements that all possess, what Aldiss theorizes
will be a "numerical snapshot of the Wyrm." The project
is daring, though the predicted ten years it will take before
yielding results have lead some to consider it fiddling
while Rome burns. Others praise the project on a daily
basis, arguing that it could be the first step toward begin-
ning a genuine offensive against the Wyrm itself.
Despite Genereader's recent reinvention of the
camp, there's still a strong element of destructive
hackers who prefer to engage in computer terrorism
with the Wyrm. They are simply no longer the entirety

Jo Who bt Pre?

Just who is this anonymous benefactor? With his,
or her, assistance, Elizabeth Genereader succeeded in
redefining the Random Interrupts and molding them
into the dominant camp within the Glass Walkers. In
the process, she changed the face of the tribe, and
gained herself a position of high importance.

Perhaps there is no benefactor at all, and it's an
invention of Genereader's own devising. She posted
anonymously, and delivered the money. Where she
got this money is the greatest problem with this
theory, though information ona very wealthy group of
technology-oriented mages had come into the camp's
possession a few years before, and she might just have
found a buyer. If she did this, however, she might just
have given the tribe a very powerful new enemy.

Itcould have been a Corporate Wolf. The Corpo-
rate Wolves had seen the way the Cyber Dogs were
taking over the tribe in a hurry, and helping the
Random Interrupts could well have been an effort to
stave them off, whilst inadvertently creating a new
threat. Or, alternatively, he might have moved to
benefit himself, rather than the camp. Perhaps he even
acted for the tribe and Gaia, out of simple altruism.

The final, disturbing possibility is the Shadow
Lords' Margrave Konietzko. Genereader asked for his
assistance before (See A World of Rage, page 60-61)
and this could well have been how he delivered. And
ifthatisthe case, what price hashe asked of Genereader?
Konietzko acts, no doubt, for the good of Gaia, but his
path may not be good for the Glass Walkers.

geal

of the camp, with analysts, hardware engineers,
Technogaianists and other groups also strongly present.
Their current nickname, "Number Crunchers" or sim-
ply "Crunchers" reflects this. Some of the camp doesn't
even actually use computers, instead using traditional
techniques to communicate directly with information
spirits, though most are not this skilled.

The camp has no real rituals of initiation, however,
only people who have actually contributed ideas for
projects are considered true members. Those who simply
respond to calls are considered Random Interrupts-to-be
and copycat "lamers" at worst. This sort of elitist attitude
may hurt the camp later as no less than three other camps
hope to see them come down, and the Random Interrupts
may succeed in being the first dominant camp to last less

than a decade. Or even half a decade.

Corporafe Woftar

Date of Origin: 1912

Held Dominance: 1975-1998. However, as of
2002 the camp still remains strong and may well regain
dominance. If this happens, they will become the first
camp to ever regain dominance after losing it.

Leadership Individual(s): Bryan Smitherman,
Colin Jeffcott, Frederick "Big Bills" Paul Leo the Fifth.

History

The actual creation of the Corporate Wolves is one
of the simplest stories within the tribe. In 1912, a Philodox
by the name of Bruce Harper complained of his sept's
inability to cover multiple threats adequately. An aca-
demic, he drew upon Frederick W. Taylor's theories of
system engineering and motion studies in hopes of cover-
ing more tasks more efficiently. He subdivided the sept's
"turf" and portioned out pieces to each pack, giving them
responsibility over that area. If an enemy crossed over to
another area, the appropriate pack was notified. The plan
worked, improving communication within the sept and
reducing wasted effort. Delighted, Harper advised other
septs to try similar organizations of their packs.

Harper had only begun, however. Looking back
over his tribe's history, he noted that the last two
dominant camps had all focused on commerce or
economy: The Iron Riders used the rail industry to their
advantage, and the Wise Guys focused on the illegal
means of gaining money. Tocontinue the tribe's progress,
Harper believed that another step would be needed and
focused on ways he could further the war for Gaia at a
profit. He initially used extortion and other illegal
activities to bleed their enemies and weaken them, and
then developed businesses that had legitimate reasons
to interrupt enemy operations. Among his greatest
successes was Harper Contracting Inc., which gained
mostly government contracts to maintain sewerage
systems that Harper knew housed vampires and fomori.

Chapter Two: Networking 53

ney

|

a we)
"=a SS

x

7
a ee

ee
\_\

. wane

A few of the other septs Harper had contacted at-
tempted to imitate his successes, cementing the camp.
By 1945, the Corporate Wolves had become clear
rivals for the Wise Guys' position as top dogs. Harper
increased the camp's appeal by using Schumpeter's
notion of "creative destruction," arguing that the
tribe's progress depended upon the old being destroyed
and the new replacing it. It also grew in power, as some
of its fledgling companies became national and even
transnational corporations. Yet it would take until
1981 for the camp to finally and clearly achieve domi-
nance, thanks to Bryan Smitherman. The archetypal
Ragabash, Bryan decided that the best targets to imi-
tate were not humans, but the masters of influence
peddling: vampires. Secretly observing them fora year,
Smitherman redirected his own efforts into not simply
making money to be spent on equipment and weap-
onry, but instead as bribes to government and media
figures that could influence government policies that
created ecological destruction. The camp had found a
focus in this goal, and became the face of the tribe.
Yet the hand that had given them dominance
would also take it away. While Smitherman's tactics
had been initially effective, it became clear over time
that the kind of subtle manipulation he favored worked

54 Glass Walkers

eee —eiieiuniner

well for an undead immortal; it was far less useful for
the mortal and hurried werewolves. During the period
of the Cold War, this was overlooked in favor of
averting nuclear murder of Gaia, but after it ended, the
very thing the camp had come together to achieve had
been found lacking: efficiency. The Random Inter-
rupts promised a new direction, and the tribe took it.

Organization

A vast network of Glass Walkers devoted to ma-
nipulating big business, the Corporate Wolves organize
on two separate levels. Most Corporate Wolves aren't
owners of vast corporations, but are instead lower level
employees of either a company owned by a Wolf, or of
a regular corporation, who work to subvert their em-
ployer to their own ends. Those that own larger compa-
nies and have more money lead the camp with "memos"
or e-mails to those with less power and money.

At the global level, powerful members of the camp
meet biannually at a secret location known only as
"The Field." Only three Wolves, Bryan Smitherman,
Colin Jeffcott, and "Big Bills" Leo are considered too
powerful to ignore, and it is these three that decide
which other members of the camp are invited. Here,
they create the camp agenda for the next two years.


The camp usually initiates new members, ironically,
with a ceremony modeled on a retirement celebration.
The most powerful Wolfin the area offers the new member
agold watch, while telling those assembled of his hopes for
the new member. These words are inscribed on the back of
the watch, to remind the new member of what he is
expected to achieve. Few ever meet their expectations.

Wks Cyyt

Date of Origin: 1921

Held Dominance: 1922-1975.

Leadership Individual(s): None left of note.

History

While the Wise Guys are fond of claiming their
history dates all the way back to the Middle Ages,
working for the earliest glimmers of the Maltese crime
lords; as an organization they have only existed within the
last century. There have been Garou within our tribe that
used criminal action to fund their activity no doubt since
before recorded history, and it is highly probable some of
them did work for the 15th century Mafiosos. But there
isno evidence to suggest they had any link to the modern
camp known as the Wise Guys beyond a similar tie with
asimilar human cultural element. Indeed, the Wise Guys
are a distinctly American phenomenon.

The Wise Guys began with a single pack of the
same name operating in Chicago in the early 1910s.
The initial name was a joke decided on by the alpha
Gianluigi Lucci, a double meaning based on his prank-
ster tendencies and the prominent Mafia organization
lead by Johnny Torrio in Chicago at the time. How-
ever, their "cover" as an Italian street gang in the area
quickly killed the joke when Torrio himself used their
services and, after a few successful jobs, took them
completely under his wing. The Wise Guys found the
alliance advantageous as well; they got weaponry and
money from the Mafia, and used it to fund their own
activities. Torrio never knew the truth about them,
but quickly learned they were devastating when he
needed a more violent touch than he usually preferred.

They weren't the only pack to involve themselves
in organized crime; however, they were the only pack
that had Lucci, who earned his place in the history
books as one of the great spiritual innovators of the
modern tribe for a number of well-known reasons.
Lucci turned what could have been a fairly one-track,
violent pack into an eclectic group of spiritualist
musclemen with many tricks up their sleeves, who had
already begun to turn heads. The only thing holding
Lucci back from personally revolutionizing the tribe
fell away in 1921 when Al Capone started wielding the
power in Chicago's Mafia. While Lucci had always
been proudly Italian, Capone married an Irish woman,
was best friends with a Jew, and made use of the best

Ce Se rea

Stacse sane Tas enamane came. rere amenity Sr med

Chapter Two: Networking

people he could find, regardless of nationality. For
Lucci, it was a revelation. Lucci began teaching his
tricks and beliefs to any Glass Walker he met, and his
pack's reputation meant people listened. He also rec-
ommended them to Capone and thus created the
camp. Capone for his part liked the reputedly need-
lessly violent group and employed them often.

They were dynamite waiting to go off, a camp with
numerous Gifts, rites and beliefs to teach backed by a
powerful criminal syndicate with enormous influence
along the US East Coast. A year later, they had become
the face of the tribe as Lucci visited his parents' home-
land and started setting up packs in Italy. (Although he
avoided Sicily, where the Mafia's strength and resis-
tance to American families was too strong to handle,
and instead set up the camp in Rome, where the Central
House's head house was often based until it fell apart.)

However, as fast as the camp ascended, they imploded
almost as quickly. Despite holding out against the quickly
growing Corporate Wolves after World War II, by 1975
the Corporate Wolves were simply too strong to resist. By
1980 the combined effects of the RICO (Racketeering
Influenced Corrupt Organizations) Act and the Italian
government's relentless crackdown on the Mafia had
weakened the camp to the point of uselessness. Lucci got
to see his brainchild die, and with Lucci's death in 1998,
the camp was little more than a shadow upon the tribe.

Organization

The camp is now little more than a handful of
bickering has-beens, who will likely be gone within the
next decade. At their peak, however, the Wise Guys had
anextensive (ifcumbersome) organization based around
the four houses. New members of the camp were initi-
ated in a ritual conducted in the Don's basement. (By
"Don," we mean the leader of the Wise Guys in the area,
not to be confused with the Don of the sept who may or
may not have been the same person.) In it, the new
"associate" is surrounded by his soon-to-be brethren,
and is told the camp's version of Omerta, the Mafia code
of secrecy. "This is our thing. It's not the tribe's thing, it's
not the sept's thing, and it's not even your family's thing.
You're one of us, and you keep our thing among us. You
do everything to protect our thing, but now it's also your
thing, and we'll do everything to protect you too."

The camp also distinguished between associates and
made men, ina slightly different manner than the Mafia
proper. Made men, full members of the camp, didn't have
tobe Italian, but did have to be Garou. Kinfolk could only
ever be associates, and were rarely treated well as associ-
ates. There were "made women," but the camp was
notably sexist, and female Kinfolk were never even
allowed to be associates, although the camp frequently
intimidated female Kinfolk into working for them.

55
anes

Tf AE AINE SOE LET, EN ORT TOE EE CE TOS TONEY

The Pleraty

Another of Lucci's inventions hasn't been
quite so universally well received in the tribe, but
has been undoubtedly as great an influence as
anything else he ever did. Lucci, working with a
Kinfolk priest, created an entire religious mesh of
Gaia worship with Catholicism. The message was
spread in specially printed Bibles with strategic
verses rewritten and placed in footnotes.

Certain claims in Lucci's religion made a lot of
Glass Walkers very uncomfortable. "God was Gaia,"
for example, but it was never clear if this meant that
God was a part of Gaia, or if humans were really
worshipping Gaia when they worshipped Christ.
Some argued that both possibilities meant the same
thing. Verses like "In the beginning was an idea,
and that idea was Gaia" taught that Gaia existed
before the Triat, yet the Triat were made to create
Gaia. For much of the tribe, this convoluted para-
dox was the sort of thing the relatively simple faith
of Gaia didn't need. For them it wasa little too close
tothe Weaver for comfort — The Weaver isn'tevil,
but Gaia must be held above all. Ironically a num-
ber of Black Furies, some of the staunchest defend-
ers of the Wyld, developed a very similar theology
and their tribe had much the same reaction as the
greatest defenders of the Weaver.

Thissyncretism wasnotlike earlier Glass Walker
involvement with religion. Then, the goal was cam-
ouflage within the faith; here the goal was reinven-
tion of the faith. Nearly all Wise Guys at least paid lip
service to the faith in their moots and rituals, and it
still hasanumber of adherents today, not all of whom
are Wise Guys. Everything else, including just how
indebted to the Weaver it is, is up to the Storyteller.

Dia Upnae

Date of Origin: 2000.

Held Dominance: Never. Are considered to have a
strong chance to gain dominance within the next decade.

Leadership Individual(s): Robert "Mister" Petkov,
Petkov Tsuki (Kinfolk)

History

Dies Ultimae are a more recent group, an offshoot
of the Corporate Wolves. Their history begins with
Crowe Prandjeva Military Contracts, a PMC (Private
Military Company) working in weapons procurement
and active combat. Founded by Roderick Crowe and
Robert Petkov in 1991, CPMC operated in classic
Corporate Wolves form; most of their soldiers were
normal humans recruited from national militaries, while
as many officers as possible were werewolves with enough

5

Sencar sortie ren Sanur rena a remmeeereR ara

ay jrornm

discipline to resist frenzy. Crowe and Petkov accepted
contracts that they considered "within moral, ethical
and legal boundaries" and used the money gained to
launch attacks on Wyrm targets, with human soldiers if
possible, with their own packs ifnecessary. (Both Crowe
and Prandjeva belonged to separate packs.)

It was during one of these attacks in 1999, however,
that the company was struck with a crisis. Crowe's pack
had flown to India after receiving reports of unusual and
greatly worrying disturbances. None everreturned. Petkov
was devastated by the loss of his close friend, falling into
depression and then into Harano. He stayed in this state
for months before finally being roused by a woman named
Hashimoto Tsuki, Stargazer kinfolk. A friend of one of
Petkov'ssubordinates, Tsuki hada reputation as an unusu-
ally gifted healer, prone to prophesy. Both abilities helped
Petkov, herwords of imminent doomserving toshake him
from his complacency. He would become entranced with
Tsuki from this point on and would later marry her.

Petkov was changed forever by his experience,
becoming convinced that the Apocalypse was not com-
ing soon, but coming immediately. The rise of the
Random Interrupts only fueled his fervor, and he be-
came enraged with the tribe embracing "a bunch of dull-
witted time wasters." Robert and Tsuki worked to con-
vince all Garou members of CPMC of their convictions,
and spent the rest of the year in hiding. They were
combining their military knowledge and experience
toward reaching a goal Petkov had long considered —
using modern military techniques and equipment to
utilize Kinfolk as full members of a pack. By January Ist,
2000, the group had created their camp's handbook, and
then scattered to found packs as Dies Ultimae.

Organization

Dies Ultimae is half doomsday cult, half mercenary
force. The Petkov's still own CPMC and are the camp's
only public spokespersons, however the company has
been restructured and now only offers "elite small-scale
forces for short-term, delicate missions." Needless to
say, these are Dies Ultimae packs. These missions are
usually negotiated with Robert Petkov, however packs
are free to negotiate their own missions as long as they
meet his approval. Certain missions, however, are sent
to packs from Petkov described as "a favor to a close
friend;" these are trouble spots reported by CPMC's
extensive network of military contacts and judged by
Petkov to probably be Wyrm forces. Many of these, are,
unfortunately, dead ends. Petkov and the camp in
general, believe Tsuki's prophecies that the Apocalypse
is nigh, and they jump at shadows a little too often.

Dies Ultimae packs are unique in that they usually
incorporate approximately as many Kinfolk as Garou, who
are temporarily accepted by their pack totems viaa special

Glass Walkers

eetiecaiemeeie


.

tite. These Kin are equipped with contemporary weaponry
and body armor that makes them valuable backup for the
Garou members of the pack. Dies Ultimae do not initiate
new members, however; all packs must go through a
training camp Petkov maintains in Western Australia,
which serves as an initiation for the whole camp. Focus is
on personal improvement and understanding how to
employ modern tactics using the Garou biology.

This camp is growing, rapidly. They may have as
many as ten packs operating throughout the world and
Petkov has secured massive resources for them. An
individual member is dubbed a "Soldier," but the plural
is still "Dies Ultimae." (Such as: "I talked to a pack of
Dies Ultimae. The leader seems alright for a Soldier.")
Cyber Dogs

Date of Origin: 1998

Held Dominance: Never.

Leadership Individual(s): Gabriel Van der Lin-
den, Paul Matzenkopf

History

What a difference a year makes.

Founded in 1996, the original Cyber Dogs pack
were one of the most eclectic, but exciting, that
Western Europe had to offer, comprised of some of the
most brilliant and physically dynamic werewolves the

Glass Walkers had. None were more impressive than
their alpha, Gabriel Van der Linden. They would
disappear for weeks at a time, and return with impos-
sible trophies. Even more impressive to many were
their strong minds and philosophical attitudes to life.
Gabriel was known to write long philosophical trea-
tises on how a society chooses what is right and wrong,
and was fascinated by the topic.

In January 1998, they returned with trophies that
made the tribe stand still. The pack made a journey to
Van der Linden's homeland of Belgium to, as he
described it, "consider what came next." When they
returned, they had been changed again, all sporting
the most complex and ingenious cybernetics the tribe
has known. They combined this with a new philoso-
phy that declared the world was poised to become one
of machines and computers, and that they would be
there to help Gaia make the transition. By the end of
that year, numerous packs had rushed to create the
most electric camp that had been seen for decades, and
dominance seemed a fait accompli. The camp contin-
ued to gain power in 1999, and as the new millennium
approached, they were preparing to declare them-
selves the new face of the tribe.

But like the world had the Y2K bug to see in 2000,
the Cyber Dogs had Elizabeth Genereader, and she was

Chapter Two: Networking 57

ricci EE Ee ONG


Seren ers en ear ee a ar Le a rem ren eres)

From the Dies Ultimae training manual:

If you're going to fight in the modern age (and to
be fair, many Garou don'tandarestill effective: Umbral
combat remains unchanged as a battlefield for as long
as we've operated), then you're going to have to bend
your head around a single, highly unpleasant concept.

You are terrorists.

Yes, we tell you you're heroes. I'll say it too, and
[believe it. Youare glorious warriors defending Mother
Gaia from the all-consuming evil that is the Wyrm. I
believe that, and you and I both know what we've
seen. But remember, all you have to do is substitute a
few words in what the Galliards write down, and you
have what al-Qaeda, the IRA, or the Army of God
tells their bombers. If you operate in the land of your
birth, then you're a domestic terrorist. If the normal
civilians knew of you, you'd be considered no better
than an abortion clinic bomber. Should you operate
outside your country of birth, they'd consider you no
better than an Islamic extremist.

Once you've accepted that, you can in turn accept
that any and all tactics to win the Apocalypse War are
equally morally just, or unjust. The good news is that,
unlike all of them, you're right in your cause. We do not,
unlike real terrorists, kill purely to create fear; we hunt
down the agents of the Wyrm and eliminate them.
Civilian casualties are to be avoided, as they strengthen
the Enemy. And if we fail, the whole world goes down.
Don't be frightened by the knowledge that comes from
accurate perspective, but take heart from it.

We can use any tactics. However, some are
much more efficient and useful to us.

Assassination

Werewolves make excellent assassins. We are
extremely physically capable, determined, morally
sure, (hopefully) intelligent and resourceful. In addi-
tion, our weapons of choice are 100% concealable to
a large number of our opponents and we have many
non-detectable techniques for location of targets.
Assassination is most effective when directed against
unknowing enemies (i.e. persons or groups directed
by Wyrm-entities that are unaware of the Wyrm's
existence) with public accountability. Enemies with-
out public accountability, either knowing or unknow-
ing, will tend to respond without strong evidence,
rendering much of our weapons advantage moot.

Assassinations are categorized along three axes;
measuring the target's awareness of the assassination
attempt, the acceptable fate of the assassin, and the
final axis judging the manner in which the attempt is

The Vorern Apoculypee War

carried out. For the most part, Dies Ultimae prefers to
engage in "simple," "safe" and "secret" assassinations.
Potential targets should be unaware of the attempt
and unguarded, the assassin should be able to escape
after the mission is completed, and the public should
never know an assassination was carried out.

While full assassination techniques require inten-
sive training, some basic notes should be mentioned.
Assassination is not a pack effort. A group of assassins
is more obviously involved than a single assassin, who
can plausibly plead to being a mere bystander in many
cases. Escape is also easier for a single assassin than a
group if Umbral tactics are denied to us. Given time and
resources, a Ragabash often makes the best choice for
an assassin, given their skill with stealth and conceal-
ment, and their lesser tendency to frenzy.

The entire approach should be Umbral, and ide-
ally the attack should come froma quick approach into
the physical world before returning to the Umbra and
retreating. Dies Ultimae also prefers to coordinate
assassinations by using foreign operatives whenever
possible, thus hindering investigation. (It is easier to
track your own citizens than those of other countries.)

Assassination is often a pointless tactic. Knowing
enemies usually have a chain of command that means
the elimination of one person is futile. However, against
unknowing enemies, it can be devastating. Often the
Wyrm's direction of a human institution hinges on a
minimal number of people, or even a single individual.
In these cases, assassination is a preferred tactic.

Arson and Structural Destruction

Ifthe enemy cannot be eliminated, then eliminate
his tools, but only if such activities can be concealed.
Destroying buildings raises very unwanted attention
and should be employed only in circumstances that will
not draw the wrath of government tools. Torching an
isolated warehouse with no people inside is possibly
advantageous; bringing down an office block will de-
stroy us before it destroys the Wyrm. This technique is
also preferred against opponents with direct knowledge
of the Wyrm rather than ignorant ones; the former will
be more likely to retaliate directly than involve the law.

As such, physical devices such as explosives are
preferred over spiritual ones, as they don't immediately
indicate we were responsible. If possible, use home-
made explosives using the recipes in chapter seven, but
if these are too messy or ineffective to be of use, contact
base for professional explosives. Efficiency should be
placed above secrecy. Other improvised techniques
can also be used as long as they do not endanger our

58

Tif PIU

Glass Walkers

2 ES SA


See mse er emweseren reeves en ee

soldiers' lives, ramming a building with an oil tanker is
counter-productive, setting one off with base charges is
useful. Finally, keep the destruction as small as possible.
If our only real targets are the products within the
warehouse, find a way to destroy them and only them
rather than bring the whole warehouse down. Doing
this limits response from government agencies.

Urban Combat

Urban combat is a game of highly developed
instincts, quick reactions and above all teamwork. In
an open battlefield, the wide-open view almost assures
casualties on both sides, but the environments in which
we tend to fight can very quickly become lopsided. If
you suspect an armed conflict will occur, then never go
in without the entire pack. Kinfolk should check their

rifles and equipment before battle. Garou should al-
ways ask the blessings of the spirits and pack totem.
Make extensive use of spiritual scouts whenever
possible, alerting you to the possibility of ambush and
readying you to prepare your own. The first group to
fire will likely win any battle, assuming all other
conditions are equal. When battle begins, Kinfolk
should lay down covering fire with preference to
putting down the heaviest weaponry first. Garou
should proceed quickly to close combat distance, thus
nullifying the advantage of range. Once Garou are
within close combat range, Kinfolk should fan out,
attacking with rifles from flanks. Always stay in a
contained group rather than splitting up, and deal
with each threat before moving on to the next one.

much more effective than the bug. The rumblings
began in September, when she had been responsible
for publicly dismantling their idea of a "new Gaia" on
GWnet forums. When the European Glass Walkers
gathered in December for the seasonal "Promethean
Daze" rites, she used them as a platform to expose the
Dogs' scandalous secret. In the two years of their
operation, the Cyber Dogs had forced cybernetic im-
plants onto 15 lupus Garou, 10 of whom had either
died or gone mad from the changes. Worse, she proved
the heart of this scandal wasn't merely a fringe group
but supervised by Gabriel Van der Linden himself.
The tribe was even more horrified than it had been
excited the year before. Elizabeth Genereader called for
a "correction" of the camp, but the correction quickly
became a purge. Maybe as many as twenty Cyber Dogs
across the globe were murdered at the hands of their
tribemates, and the camp was forced into hiding.
Organization
The Cyber Dogs are scattered and what organiza-
tion there once was is now well and truly broken. The
remainder can still be considered a camp, though, since
they share elements of belief and modes of operation.
When the camp was still united, their rite of
initiation was very simple: You designed (with help
from Van der Linden's pack) your cybernetics, and
then had them implanted into you. From then on, the
camp acted like a fraternity, with Van der Linden
sending out newsletters that described his most recent
thoughts on his main obsession of finding how to turn
Gaia into a perfect, repairable machine that would
withstand the Wyrm. These newsletters can only be
described as propaganda. Apart from this, however,
packs were given complete autonomy. Van der Linden's
cybernetic contributions and the respect he had as the
camp's founder were enough to give him power. The

_\, oat

Ceood bea) Bead heea

So was the purge a good thing? To some degree, yes.
There isno question that the Weaverinfluenced Gabriel
Van der Linden in Belgium to degrees that were not
healthy for him, the tribe, the Garou, or Gaia. His
murder of 10 lupus Garou made that abundantly clear. In
a way, the purge allowed the tribe a collective sigh of
relief: The long feared "falling to the Weaver" had
happened, and the tribe had recognized it as a bad thing.

Yet the Cyber Dogs were some of the brightest
hopes the Garouhad. They were brilliant, dedicated and
visionary. Somewhere along the line, this sequence of
events has to be considered a tragedy. Worse, many of
the remaining Cyber Dogs harbor resentment in their
hearts over their ‘betrayal.' In the Glass Walkers' zeal,
they may just have turned these hopes over to the Wyrm.

Was the purge necessary? Yes, without a doubt.
Could it have been handled better? Quite possibly.

But is there a chance any good might come out of
the affair? Yes. Most of the Cyber Dogs were com-
pletely unaware of the actions of their superiors and
were as horrified as the rest of the tribe. Many of these
same Garou were the ones murdered in the purge, but
those that are left are now rethinking the philoso-
phies they were taught by the camp, and are reaching
new conclusions. Many of the camp's inventions were
amazingly useful, and these new Cyber Dogs look to
keep them while regaining the tribe's trust and eradi-
cating the cold brutality that tainted the camp.

Thus the camp now stands divided. The purge
was a dramatic, dark chapter in Glass Walker history,
but it might just lead to a truly great chapter later. Or,
if Van der Linden's Rage overcomes his devotion to
Gaia, it may be what eventually closes the book.

Chapter Two: Networking

—e


camp kept in close contact otherwise, most com-
monly involved in philosophical debates online,
and there was one online meeting, which suppos-
edly all Cyber Dogs attended, to debate the future of
the camp. Apparently this was going to be an annual
event, but that never came to be.

ty Farmers

Date of Origin: 1971

Held Dominance: Never.

Leadership Individual(s): Trevor Goodman,
Asta Ljungdahl

Brief History and Notes

The City Farmers began as, oddly, the Kent
State University protest movement against the Viet-
namese war. Trevor Goodman, one of the students,
was an unchanged Garou, and he had his First
Change some time in 1970. It seems unlikely that he
Changed when the National Guard fired on stu-
dents that year, since such an occurrence would
surely have drawn major attention. But that event
and the grossly biased state grand jury that followed
allowed Goodman to gather a small protest group of
his own that demanded, at first, the destruction of
the jury's findings and an end to urban expansion.

By 1973, they had become purely devoted to
ending urban expansion, and Goodman contacted
other Glass Walkers within universities with his ideas
for "random Gaian explosions," which marks the foun-
_.| dation of the camp. Over the next twenty five years,
‘ ‘| these packs engaged in the use of rituals that caused
i | ; | plants to grow in unlikely urban locations, as well as
encouraging the use of hydroponics and other technol-
__} ogy that allows plant life to grow in an urban environ-

{} ment. They were almost universally treated as a joke
and dismissed as "retro" by the rest of the tribe.

In 1995, however, the camp began to gain some
credibility with the passionate arguments of Asta
Ljungdahl, who was ironically also a student at Kent
State in that year. She has suggested the ideas of Paolo
Soleri and his ideas about arcologies as a legitimate
focus for the camp and the tribe. The idea was that if
ways to grow enough food for a city within the city
itself were found, urban expansion could grow into
old farmland and vast acres of wilderness could be
saved. Her suggestions were sensible and practical,
and have won the respect of much of the tribe.

Goodman openly despises Ljungdahl and con-
tinues his "Gaia bombs" whilst claiming he has
developed vast underground gardens, claims he has
never substantiated. Most of the camp, however, is
now supporting Ljungdahl, and she is considered
the leader of the camp. Whilst they do not have a


tite of initiation per se, Ljungdahl requires proof of a
recruit's usefulness, which is usually delivered as an
academic essay on ecology ora loose blueprint for an
invention that could facilitate the camp's goals.
Ljungdahl is quoted as saying she hopes the camp will
be dead before the decade is out, having successfully
created a workable system and sold it to the Corpo-
rate Wolves to popularize.

Onbred Pots

Date of Origin: Late 1800s.

Held Dominance: Never.

Leadership Individual(s): Emilie Bontin, Sam
Rowland Jr. and Kurofuji Zenko

Brief History and Notes

When writing about the Umbral Pilots, it almost
feels necessary to type random words in full caps, and use
many exclamation points. The Umbral Pilots began
from disgruntled tribe members that felt the Glass
Walker's just weren't looking far enough. The Penum-
bra was merely areflection of this world, and they wanted
to find new ones. They did this by creating Umbral
transport vehicles of bizarre design, and then dedicating
the entire machines to themselves, powering it across
the Near Realms and even into the deadly Deep Umbra
with nothing but their own love and devotion to Gaia!

In over a century now, they've not stopped these
basic activities. They meet in exclusive country man-
ors, gentleman's clubs, or the sports bar around the
corner if the others aren't available, and joining them
means building your own machine. Don't join them,
please. Let them die. I don't enjoy talking about them.

Unban Printer

Notes: The Urban Primitives are often incorrectly
considered to be a camp, but they have never had a
demonstrated organization, and are better viewed as
simply a movement rather than a camp proper. More
evidence for this view is that the Garou Urban Primitive,
or Modern Primitive, movement is not substantially
different from the human one. Urban Primitives believe
that dependence upon technology removes the user from
his essential self, and try to create tribal societies whilst
decorating themselves with tattoos, piercings, scars and
brandings. It's ironic that these groups, who specifically
criticize technology, have avoided the insult "retro" that
the City Farmers earned, given that the Urban Primitives
pointedly seek a return to an earlier time.

Nechantoal Awakening

Notes: If anyone can confirm for me that these
"advocates for the Machine" ever existed, in any form,
please contact me.

en re

Sireofipet

As youcan see, we've got some real weirdoes in the
tribe, huh? Just remember, the camps are the hardcore
of the tribe. Most of us kind of loosely identify with
one, don't get overly involved in the organization and
stay members of packs, not camps.

Elizabeth Genereader weighs in on a few
common stereotypes herself: Two of the most
common stereotypes from outsiders:

1. That we're a static tribe, so bound into the
Weaver's ways that we have become completely un-
changing and machine-like; and;

2. Thatwe're an upstart tribe, disdaining the words
of our elders because "they have nothing to teach us" ,
and that the young run the tribe over the wiser elders.

You're expecting me now to tell you how both are
completely untrue and nothing but ignorant prejudice.
Well, they're completely untrue and nothing but igno-
rant prejudice. (Oh, I justso hate disappointing people.)
The Weaver isn't static, just logical. Progressive. I'm
not one to speak for my whole tribe, but as a rule we're
paranoid about the idea of becoming unchanging ma-
chines. Believe me. I know this well.

The truth of the second stereotype shows exactly
how paranoid we are about such things. Many outsiders
are always stunned to see how we revile the traditional
"ancient mentors" that most tribes use, where the elders
teach the cubs from the word go. Despite popular belief,
we don't dislike this system because the old have nothing
to teach, au contraire, wisdom does indeed come with
age. What we don't like is the idea that the old have
nothing to learn. Often we find that the old, experienced
hand can pick up the bugin a computer system she's not
even familiar with, simply on intuition and experience,
butisn' tit better that she does learn the system? And who
better to teach it than the young programmer who has
grown up with the system and knows it back to front?

We don't mentor, we network instead. The old
teach the young, the young teach the old, and everyone
teaches everyone else. Not only is it more efficient, but
also it stops us from getting nothing but a generation of
cubs taught in exactly the same way, who were the
same as the last, and the same as the ones before them.
The young do, to some degree, run the tribe because
they're the ones continually introducing the new ideas
to itand teaching them to the elders, but when the chips
are down, we have the security of elders who know
what works from experience. And when it all goes to
plan, who also know how to properly use that new idea
he learned last week and make it work, too.

Chapter Two: Networking 61

ENS


Seen ree ere renee care aren. PE oer a rem mnarrensmnerenroh

But when it comes to the freaks, well, we're all in the
same boat. None of the other tribes exactly avoid being
strange, although we like some more than others.

Lack Fiat

The Furies are one of the three other tribes who
honestly give a damn.about humanity outside of their
own Kin, and we lové them for it. Granted, they're only
interested in the'women, but women are over 50% of
the human population, so we're not complaining too
much. Better yet, they manage to mix brutal violence
with genuine merey and care. That'sacombination that
makes them admirable in my book, though Ldaresay the
male membets of my tribe may argue with me a little.

"Slick" Sims shakes his head: No argument here,
chickpea. Our tribes can get along real well sometimes,
particularly in the Third World where women's rights are
a massive part of human rights. I'm providing funding for
a pack investigating African tribes (human ones) that
practice female genital mutilation. The Fury in the pack
dearly hoped to find Wyrm influence in the area and was
bitterly disappointed when it became obvious that it was just
humans being assholes, but she didn't give up and just kept
trying to dismantle the practice in the area. So I keep
funding her. Hey, I love signing those kinds of checks.

Zone Gnawert

And these are the second tribe. The Bone Gnawers are
deeply family oriented, but they seem to genuinely want to
help those who are down and out. I guéss when you spend
that much time with the hurting, you either developempa-
thy or become a serial murderer. I spend a lot of time in the
prisons these. days visiting family, and I met one of their
Kinfolk, who told me to contact his brother. His brother, in
turn, desperately wanted me todhelp the guys in prison to
start getting real jobs once they got'6ut. And I like'that.

Bypass-Circuit is unconvinced: Where did you get
this from, Natalia? In my experience, they're nothing but
abunch of hypocrites who' ll disown their Kin for getting out
of a bad neighborhood but won' t lift a finger to help out the
neighbors who fall through the cracks. Bunch of bastards,
useful only because they:llSell information cheap.

ihifven of Ciba

Finally, theré are these guys. They're useful because
their social valuescome from the same place ours do, they
believe in equality and freedom. A bit more liberal than
most of us, they tend to say "Care for your brother" when
we say "Caveat Emptor" but'stillywhen:the rest of the
tribes start yellifig about us being Gaia-Hatitig. Weaver-
Demons, these are'the ones who defend us. Combinéthis
with a'€are folhumanity, and we like them.

Backup-Circuit fails to disappoint anyone famil-
iar with him: Apart from the whole' tree-hugging hippie

bullshit, that is. Look, I grok the whole idea of what they'd
probably call the "war fought in the human heart," or the
eco-war. We probably came up with the latter concept,
because we were the first tribe to sit back and note that there
were loads of Banes in high-pollution sites in the city. But
that's only so much of the battle. I get scared both of our
tribes are gonna get so caught up in trying to save the eco-
system, or save humanity, that we're going to be caught
flat-footed when the Wyrm roars into full life and we' ve got
a million care projects and not one Klaive.

GFarna

First of all, | want you to put.every pretty Ren-Faire
image out of your head. Stop thinkinigthat'the Celts wore
beautiful dresses and talked to fairies. These are false-
hoods. This charming romantic vision of the Celts was
never real. They painted themselves blue and charged,
with no discipline, onto battlefields. Disease was rampant
because they lived in muddy squalor. Their descendants
today, who include:the Fianna, aren't beautiful fae-con-
versing poets, they're short-tempered soccer hooligans.

When the Celts had their day, the Romans had
already started getting theddea of sanitation, modern
roads, and useful things like aqueducts. Their.armies
were advanced and well developed: At theetime, we
supported the Romans, and'todayswell, we still sup-
port the Romans.
he Cams

And now you're expecting me to deliver. the same
verse as for the Fiatina? Well, wrétigeThe Get of Fenris
may be bloody, fangs-and-claws-first warriors)but they're
coming:from a civilization that were master craftsmen
and had brilliant ships. And hell, in a way my old camp
are really pretty.similar to them: Violent but very focused
on family,aind respect. I'm not afan of their lack of tact,
but thefe's a lot more similarity between our tribes than
they'd think, Lw6nderhow they'll react to Dies Ultimae....

Red Tilont

Elizabeth Genereader interrupts: Until recently,
we were always distant enemiesat best and very angry
enemies at worst. Our two _ttibes stood! for exactly the
opposite things from the beginning: We believed tharprogress
was a good thing and championedshumanity ; they reviled
the notion and vilifiedthem.

But it's time to put that behinds, and as soon as
possible. Rememiber that Kin-to*Garou ratio report? It
showed that we, both the Red Talons and Glass Walkers,
are probably the quickest dying tribes in the Nation. We've
both neglected one half of our essential being for far too
long, and qve're not breeding true nearly as well as we
should..Convinging our tribe to start breeding with wolves
will be hard enough, convincing the Talons to breed with

62 Glass Walkers

Y f PPL DS

eae,


humanity will be a nightmare, and trying to convince
Griffin will be impossible.
But we have to try» We're all Garou. Gaia needs us all.

JSbadow Lordt

They're sn@aky, ruthless, completely unethical
manipulators who'lblook at yous just anothér piece
on the chessboard, wondering how,théycan use you to
theimadyantage. But then the Randomelnteftupts
supplanted them :

Listen;:we dealt with the Corporaté*Wolves for
twenty-three years. The Shadow Lords‘re pushovers.

Elizabeth Genereader mutters>Stop laughing.

Mert Sietders

They're apparently not all Garou Fed Ex. Who knew?

More seriously, there'sa lot to like about the Silent
Striders. They've got an even better coverage of the
world than we do, and considering how spread out we
are that's saying a lot. Between us, I really we cover
every square inch of terra firma, and a lot of terra umbra
as well. Egyptian history is filled with wonderful scien-
tific and réligious invention, which,wedove. And like
us, they've gotten thesidéa ofiprogressand adaptation
déwn. pat, aiid, whilseddon't Yéally, thinkethey, care
overly muc¢habout humanity, they respéet human
cultures enough to blend in with them.

Besides which, you can nearly always find one
willing to play courier for a price. Silent Striders, for
when that klaive absolutely, positively, has to be
imbedded in someone's bastard-ass head in Sierra
Leone, overnight.

Ser Fangt

Always a good topic to get any Garou ranting. For
my part, I think the Silver Fangs are irrelevant, be-
cause they agree to play by their own rules. The
Shadow Lords awléast get thisyjif you. break your own
word and rules, you're unpredictable. Look at RICO.
Was it constitutional? Hardly. Was it somethi the
Mafia was prepared for? Hell no, But the Silver Fangs
are all honor and nobility. They're predictable, And
thus, we don't need to fear them.

"Slick" Sims tosses in* I'm noton this pagewith you,
Nat. They're madsT hey' ve gotalmost asmitich moolah as
us, som@of them. They're among the best-trained warriors
in the Nation. And they hate our guts. Call me a little
paranoid, but I think that's something to worry about.

Elizabeth's just glad they're our problem, not hers,
right?

Elizabeth Genereader nods: Yeah. I haven't seena
lot of them out here lately. I wonder what happened? Could
be we've jumped out of the frying pan...

Ufena

A lot of us seemsto get along really well with these
guys, and wheniyou think about it, that's hardly surpris-
ing. Both of us have a lot to offer each other. We're the
tribe of humanity, supposedly, but the Ukténa have Kin
among more humanspeoples than we ever will. They
know abouwsfiinority cultures that Wé'find fascinating.
Méanwhile, they'te meant to be this very spiritual tribe
where everyone knows how to talk to the spirits, and yet
we've got techniques for that mostiof them would never
dream of. We're sort of each,other's alter ego: We're
both about humanity and are spiritual, but we're more
about the former and they're more about the latter.

As a result, there's ajlot of cultural trading that
happens between us. It's a natural fit.

Wendy

Now, you'd think a lot of the same would apply to
the Wendig6y butlitidoesn't. Even if you count all the
Native""American tribes the Wendigo represent as
different pedples, you then have to admit there's a lot
less diversity in their population than»the*Wktena.
They're‘less spiritual, and.theirWar tactics are incom-
patible ours. Oiif'tacties, you see, involve guns.

Also, there's theslittle matter that we're the most
obviously Wisibléteminder of the Europeans coming in
and slaughtering them all. We didn't do the damage
the Get or the Fianna did, but we're the ones who set
up railway tracks over their land. We're the ones in the
city now and with the funky toys. As such, we get a lot
of their venom, and we don't like them much.

The Ofbers

It's getting late. Do | have to do these guys, too? Yes?
Damn.

Anarat

I havefit on very good authority that they exist.
Supposedly, they'te)spidef shifters.who can turn into
very big spiders, though just how big tends to vary
between "size of my fist" to "large dog." They feed on
human blood, and they're all supposedly aligned with
the Weaver. It is that last fact that scares me witless.

Think about it. If they feed on humans, then
they're not living out in the country where they don't
have any to feed on. They're living here, in the city.
And despite the fact that they're ‘Weaver-aligned, and
we're allegedly "the Weaver tribe," I've never seen
one. Ever; Sometimes, I'll see a spider, and ['ll step
sideways to look at it. It's never an Ananasi.

There are a lot of spiders in the city, you know.

Chapter Two: Networking 63

a

BDAY


Seeman eres ren serene anes en rr amor remeron

Satlf

Routine joke about cats and dogs. Insert canned
laughter.

More to the point, the Bastet are supposedly still
a fairly large group. If they're still representing... seven
tribes? Nine? Either way, if they've got tribes going
still, then they're doing a lot better than any of the
other Fera. And that, in itself; should mean that
they're worthy of respect. Going toe to toe with a
werewolf packiis an exercise only thé totighest of the
tough can hafidle, and. it seems to mé that if they
handled us, they can handle whatever happens in
Africa, or Asia or wherever they are.

Corac

What do you want me to say? I like you, isn'¢ that
efiough?

Yow guys tread on our tribe's toes, a lot) You spend a
lotof time in the city doing stuff we'd ratherbe doing than
you — weeding outthe Cadavers, sniffing in the corners
of the city, gathering information and then giving it to
those who need it. By being around, you make our other
tribes less dependant onais and make us all less stable. If
the other tribes do decide eventually that we're more
trouble than we're worth and try to take us out, you will
be partially responsible. Be aware of all this, bird.

Because youdo it better than us, so much so that I'm
agreeing toa tidiculous payment in return for the
information you gave us. I think we're somehow jealous,
resentful and impressed as hell by you guys, all at once.

Grdlf

I doubt it'd surprise anyone to learn that a lot of
Glass Walkers considerthe War of Rage to have been
a grave mistake. For a lot of reasons:Morally it was a
betrayal of the harshest sort, strategically.it became a
disaster by giving us more enemies now, when we can
least afford them and:most importantly, it was simply
plain stupid to waste such good resources. These guys
were our allies, why get rid of them?

Not that I'm suggesting the Glass Walkers weren't
involved in the massacres. Like | said, we probably
started them#)But hypocrisy is a way oftlife for most
people, and we're no exception.

But the Gurahl betrayed us, right? Well, bullshit.
I don't know what happened then, our history doesn't
say. But we've got ideas.of what these guys were, they
were the healers of Gaia. Known by all as wise mystics.
Not exactly a group who really fit the profile of a
traitor, are they? I wish the Wise Guys, or the Corpo-
rate Wolves had been around back then, because both
could have taught us a valuable lesson. Sometimes,
things happen for teasons you don't need té"know

about, and when they do, you just have to show faith
and keep on going with your role.

Doesn't matter now, though. They're all dead
anyway.

Woke

I'd swear these guys were-made up, if it weren't for
seeing one personally. Nota pretty ofie mind, some-
thing was wrong with its brain @ind it stank of the
Wyrm... we had.tokill it, and 1 @an say thisias my first
opinion of:them: They're tough bastards. And before
you ask,/yes, we found it in the sewers#Go figure.

After that, I went and did some asking around. |
got a few more stories that seemed to suggest the
majority aren't Wyrm-tainted. So yes, we really do
have giant dinosaur shifters. Gaia really has a sense of
imagination, doesn't she?

Beyond that, though, I only got a few scraps of
information. I'm not eXactly sure of why Gaia made
them. So for now, I'll leavéyit atithat: They're really
tough and nasty, they're not Wyrm tainted, I don't
have a clue why théy have a French name and yet
they're enough to‘make even a jaded lapsed Catholic
like me maryel at Creation.

Nagah

Oh, andone more note//learned that each Mokolé
has a different reptilianform. One will be a big bipedal
thing; the next will be an oversized crocodile like the
one we fought. Meanwhile, we have the entirely un-
substantiated rumors of weresnakes in India. So unsub-
stantiated that | can't find one myth or legend, not a
single one, which mentions them, throughout every
Garou tribe I have any knowledge of.

It thus seems obvious to.me that some Mokolé have
the form of a giant snake, andthis ;ha8 created the
confusion. I've got a few reliable sources informing me
that the Mokolé are present in India, and the theory
answers a lot of questions. Either these Mokolé inspired
the human myths, or someone took the human myth and
incorrectly slotted these similar creatures into its place.

Nwktha

Speaking of mistaken identity...

Again, I'd have put money,on the idea of these being
something other than Fera, most likely simply a coyote-
spirit. But I've read a few Iron Rider's diaries, and all of
them seem pretty clear on the idea that Nuwisha were
real, and theresvere a reasonable amount of them around.

They're interesting reads, to say the least. You get a
whole lot of stuff about them finding coyote shit in their
boots or being led way off the trail for no apparent reason.

Sometimes I find some diary entries afterwards whetenit's
clear, with the benefit of hindsight, that the Nuwisha was

64 Glass Walkers

OS

SE en


directing the group toward some big nest of "wurm devils"
(Llove the way these guys used to talk!) and enabled them
to do major damage. But you Corax are good at that too,
and in much simpler ways: You tell us where they are and
give us the benefit of ambushing them.

I'm big on trusting everyone to do their part and

not questioning, but I'm hoping there's more to the
Nuwisha than this, or they're really pointless.

Ruthie

Nothing the Mafia hates worseithan a rat. Unlike
most Fera, these guys are in the city and up close in our
faceslmagine the Mayday protestors, the ones involved
in the riots in Seattle. Now give them Rage, have them
tioting around, the clock, without holiday leave, and
imagine them being pointed in the direction of just
about anyone before hearing "Sic ‘ems, boy!" That's
what the Ratkin are) They make us look rational.

And! wouldn'tmind that so much iftheyjustshowed
alittle more discernment in, whom they'went berserk on.
I've seen massive property damage*wreaked on compa-
nies we suspected of being Wyrm-fronts, with clear
Ratkin trademarks, but about as many of the Corporate
Wolves have been hit, too. Béating us up doesn't help
Gaia any, and that's the important thing in all this.

Rokea

Weresharks? Never,heatd'of any. I do know of
Polynesian (I think) myths about sharks with mouths
on their back, but those things always seemed more
Wyrmi-tainted than on our side! If these Were. the
creatures that inspired theriyths, then] wouldn'ttrust
one. Assuming'they're real, that is.

Then again, there aren't many cities out in the sea,
so we don't spend much time there.

The Chemy
Savet

Banes tend to be/one of our most universal en-
emies, and one of the most effeétive against us. All our
wonderful technological toys, guns andthe like, are
ineffective in the Umbrayand that forces us to work on
older tool§,like claws and teéth. We're not nearly as
good at that, andasaresult wefind battles against them
a lot tougher than most:ttibéspT'llguess.

This is, of coursey one of the best arguments to be
made for multi-tribal septs. We can all compensate for
each other's weaknesses. Not thatwe get that many here
in the city, just not enough Garou that want to live here.

As ageneralttile, we tend to fight fire with fire; our
Theurges command atmies of Net-spiders and other
spirits. Some are fond of binding common but gener-
ally inactive Banes, like smog?spirits, and then forcing

them to fight any Banes attacking us, killing two birds
with... well, each other. That's a dangerous trick,
though and most just stick with friendlier spirits, since
they're usually easy enough to work with.

Fomor

These little Bane-bags are everywhere too, as you
no doubt know. They come in two flavors as faras we're
concernedyignorable and annoying. The first are the
straight out gross ones, the eight-foot tall faceless
monstrosities with huge'sores that squirt acidic pus at
you, andso forth. They re ignorable because they try to
counter their lack ofyintelligence with strength and
numbers, and the Germans proveda long time ago that
the machine-gun renders numbers largely irrelevant.

The latter are the ones,that look human. They're
the ones that work in our factories, who sell ustheé parts
for our computers, and whom we talk to day in and day
Oit without ever knowing. These are the ones that are
annoying, and scary for that matter. The Corporate
Wolves did a lot of good, but made us dependent on a
lot of large-scale bureaucracy that's very easy to infil-
trate. These types can thus be very effective against us.

Our Hong Kong-based cousins tend to report that
there are many of these creatures out there; he called
them bakemono. He also said they seemed to be much
more intelligent than the ones we get out here, so if you
head out that way, be alert.

Vamplrer

Supposedly ourttibe's traditionalenemy, and to a
large degree that's a true statement. I'm going to take
your word that you don't find them outside of cities,
I've spent most of my life in cities and wouldn't know
if that's true or not. However, just about every city I've
ever been in has a few.of theieeches.

It's a greater/truth in Europe than, elsewhere,
though. America has a lot of vampires, but very few of
them really have any great influence, and those few
that do are obyious about it. Itsdoesn't mean they're
fot dangerous, but it just means we know how toavoid
them and when to not avoid them.

The Wyrm went all-out with vampires, though,
because they're some of the most versatile and clever
servants ithas. My personal guess is that they're arefined
fomori, one that has the Bane properly integrated into
it, allowing thé host to move around despite being dead.
That integration doesn't destroy the host's mind, so they
don't become the easily dismissed cannon.foddér we
normally deal with. Either way, they're probably our
number one enemy in Europe, and lots of trouble in
America. The one advantage we have is that they don't
seem to be as cohesive as they would like, and fight
among themselves almost as much as we do.

Chapter Two: Networking 65

SES SRST EEE

yf fpORE I OE NEE OEE ES EET A OE FT I TE OTE,

One thing's for sure. We've learned hard, pain-
ful lessons about "bargaining" with them. Don't
trust them, not even for a second. Roger Daly did
when he made a treaty with them in Vancouver
thirty years ago. He, as well as an entire sept, paid for
it with his life. If you can, kill them on sight.
yr-Softaenced Corporations (Wikis)

WICs are our most prominent enemy within
North America. While some vampires can boast as
much or even more power than many of these, they
bicker and fight amongst themselves, thus nullifying
much of their threat to Gaia. Wicks, by contrast, are
frighteningly well organized. We think there's got to
be over ten of them in North America, ranging from
multi-national powerhouses to small and frustrat-
ingly elusive minor players.

What makes Wicks particularly worrisome for us is
just how many options they can throw at you. Wicks
range from almost entirely mundane affairs that simply
have enough money to buy small countries to deeply
supernatural conglomerates that will employ fomori,
Banes, clueless human security teams, clued-in human
security teams and even the occasional Black Spiral
Dancer pack. (Black Spiral Dancers are usually a non-
enemy for us, since they hate the cities as much as most
Garou. When they do show up, though, they really seem
to hate us and will go for Glass Walkers above other
targets.) In addition, they go for goals thatare diverse and
obtuse. One corporation seems fixated on ecological
destruction; the next focuses on introducing Wyrm taint
into consumer products to corrupt humanity. One works
to manipulate the media to influence society, the next
specifically uses its resources to hunt us out and kill us.

Nor are there obvious tip-offs for most corpora-
tions. You can go up to the front desk of Magadon and
acharming young receptionist greets you, and photos of
perfectly natural looking humans line the walls. They
don't present the obviously corrupt side in any way at
all; they're not subtly disturbing or even just too perfect
on the outside. They're like every other business on the
face of the planet. In short, they're everywhere, invis-
ible, indecipherable and deadly. As a tribe, we have
every reason to fear them above all other enemies.
Wraget

What?

Oh. Right. Look, I'm not doing to deny that there
are some people out there that get into reading Crowley
until their eyes bleed and dancing around in goatskin
pants grabbing at their "magic wands" and any nubile
hippie chicks they can talk into "experiencing new
realms of enlightenment." You know what, though?
That's bullshit. People weren't given the gift of commu-


nication with the spirit realm. They were given creativity.
Humans have managed to figure out sanitation and phi-
losophy and art and literature and botany and metallurgy
and all these wonderful things. That's what makes them so
magical and dangerous. All this other talk about "messing
with Names" and "calling down fire and lightning" has
always struck me as an imperfect understanding of
humanity's real magic-working: science and technology.

Humans "working magic," indeed. Not since the
Sundering, kids.

Hiynfert

What did I just say? Yes, there are people whoare able
to resist the Delirium. There will always be people with
that strength of will. And I bet that we city-folk see a lot
more of them than you do. However, these urban legends
of people going around ignoring the Delirium, recognizing
Garou in Homid form and smiting us with supernatural
might are more the Bone Gnawers' gig than ours. Humans
are capable of developing technology that looks like
"super-powers." Some can resist the Delirium. I wish more
Garou would take them seriously on that count, instead of
spreading these stories about new breeds of superhumans
with Powers Man Was Not Meant To Have.

Chay Wifkerr
Around fle Worl,

The Glass Walkers are a global tribe. The city is
nearly a global concept now, and you'll find us any-
where cities are. And a few places that they're not, for
various reasons.

The Usitrn avd Retptiin,

And that everywhere includes' bra, though
we've got our Usual problems with c ing in there.
Has nothing to dowith the city, but remember that we
take our name fromacamp that was devoted, to explor-
ing the city'S,umbra. Our problem is that we're all
human-born, Ever seen the htiman cudand the wolf cub
try to take that firstsideward step? Then y youd know what
I'm talking-about.

Te CyberRead

Certain places hold oi ofdppeal for us, though.
I'm sure youwort'tbesurprised to leartithat we love the
CyberRealim. Weaver fetishes never go wrong here,
and it's aplace for our inventors and experimenters to
see exactly what their latestdevice is capable of before
heading back to "reality" and Working the | bugs out.

Isa place t6 tread carefully, though. The: place is
asurreal nightmare; that would have happened if Tron
had been sét in*the skyline of Seattle. You walk on

massive towers of electronics and computers, are bathed

SSeS. ES OLA PETE SLT Nr mama

in the glow of halogenfand feel a chill I can only believe
is a cooling system. Bridges of computer chips form at
your feet, but below that is a never-ending blackness.

Never go alone, at least first, time around. And when
I said chilly, I mean: Wear a coat.

Jéar
Andjsimilarly,

fy, because you
At's nearly impos-
is the dark side of
sult e'd be remiss if we

ber, the city can

Industrial Re
known as

Back to the physical world, now. We're most com-
mon throughout what would commonly be referred to as
"The Western First World." That is: North America,
Europe, Australia, assorted smaller countries. We're
there because the cities are, and certain other things
that we don't like to mess with aren't. And we don't like
messing with them because, well, you'll see.

North Atwertea

The good ol' US of A. And Canada, too. While I
know you can find just about Garou of any tribe there,
many consider this place our homeland these days.
(With apologies to the Uktena and Wendigo.) After
all, two of our tribal incarnations have their identity
tied very strongly to American culture, the Iron Riders
and Wise Guys, and the Corporate Wolves were also
strongest in the North America, mainly because they
emerged out of the Wise Guys.

Lately, though, the Glass Walkers' focus has begun
to swing back toward Europe. The Corporate Wolves
saw the introduction of the Euro and drooled at the
possibilities, the Random Interrupts' de facto leader is
European, and even the whole Cyber Dog affair hap-
pened almost entirely in Europe. (Although North
America also had a few packs that also suffered losses in
the massacres.) Even Dies Ultimae, the heir apparent to
the face of the tribe, has fairly even coverage between
Europe and North America. What this has done is
thrown the focus in North America onto the younger
members of the tribe. Everyone's looking for that some-
thing new, the Next Big Thing. Being an American
Glass Walker right now means being given a lot of
opportunity, but a lot of pressure to succeed, too.

Chapter Two: N etworking 67

a ee:

era

43

Our major enemies in North America are defi-

nitely Wyrm-influenced businesses and corporations.
Dies Ultimae recently started flying around a list of
"Top Suspected Wyrm-fronts" that allegedly came all
the way down from Mr. Petkov himself. A few have
been discounted, of course, but some names seem
credible: Ashmores Brokering, Carlmona Ltd.,
Magadon Pharmaceuticals, Physicians Inc. (who own
the O'Tolley's chain of fast food eateries) and Tortoise
Ranch Publishing. There seems to be little doubt that
these five companies are being influenced by Wyrm
entities that could be as high up as CEO. Packs
nationwide are beginning attacks on them.

Syrope

Europe was home to the Renaissance, and for our tribe

it's the home to a new Renaissance. But it's one fraught
with danger, founded on the bloodshed of a minor civil
war, and of uncertain value when it's all said and done.

Can you tell that Europe isn't the most stable

continent for us?

The good news is that the rise of the Random

Interrupts has solidified some of our shakier points.
Places like the Netherlands had long been home to
large numbers of the camp and their increased impor-
tance had meant that more Glass Walkers have moved
to the area, strengthening our hold on caerns there.

68

Glass Walkers

iis ieee.

Wath, / known sore of thete...
The Glass Walkers aren't infallible, and Petkov

is paranoid and listening to a woman prone to
insane ranting. Magadon and O'Tolley's are sub-
sidiaries of Pentex, which is controlled by the
Wyrm. But the other companies are compara-
tively innocent and victims of the Glass Walkers'
faulty intelligence.

Or are they? The Wyrm is constantly vigilant
and curls around anything he can find a use for.
Who says that Pentex is the only Wyrm-influ-
enced corporation?

And we're not above suggesting that clever
Storytellers might just substitute a different com-
pany name for Pentex and include a perfectly
legitimate company of the same name, either. Just
to keep players on their toes.

The bad news is that in the meantime, Italy is on the
verge of outright collapse. Rome still has some fight
left in it, but the caern, one of the most powerful we
have and home to the Central House, is running out of
steam and money. This money is important, because
it's quickly becoming feared that a vampire (vampires
tend to be our major opponents in Europe) will simply


|

buy the place to get us out of her hair. It could be fixed,
and the sept is desperately looking for investors, but so
far no one wants the hassle.

But if you thought that was bad, then you've not
seen Venice lately. Understand this, bird, I'm only
telling you about Venice because our very arrangement
means you know something about it to begin with.
Normally, you'd not get a whisper out of me about it.

About three or four years ago, something happened
between a bunch of vampires and one of our packs. It was
our big dirty secret, our deal with the Wyrm. Goodness
knows exactly what happened, but pretty soon a lot of
information swapping began. And then it broke down.
And the vampires redefined the "understanding" to
mean: Get the living hell out of Venice. Venice used to
be the other home of the Central House. It also has a
caern just as powerful as Rome's.

This is a bad, bad situation. Many of these Leeches
are old and powerful, perhaps some of the most powerful
worldwide. Meanwhile, no Garou alive is going to
intentionally let a caern go, but nothing short of a
miracle is going to save it. And I dread the prospect that
some young pack, full of ambition, full of desire and full
of themselves is going to try to provide that miracle, and
instead spark the first battle of the Apocalypse.

Gaia help us all.

Austrrpa avd otter Areat

Slick Sims opines: I've heard that we're held in very high
esteem in Australia, because we didn't take part in the killing
of the Bunyip. I don't believe it. It be bullshit on two counts.
One: Esteemed by whom? The Bunyip can't hold us in high
esteem, they're dead. The other tribes wouldn't, they're the
ones who killed them! Yes, they hold us in esteem because we
didn't make the mistakes they did. Among werewolves, that
sounds likely, yeah. Second of all: We weren't there at the
time. One or two of us, sure, but it wasn't until the 1950s that
we actually started making an effort to be there. Australia was
a rural country making money from sheep. Never held any
appeal to us until a human named Lee Gordon proved there
was a market for American merchandise down there, and the
Corporate Wolves moved in to capitalize.

You want the real story? Here is one of the finest
examples of political spin doctoring ever. The first Glass
Walker in Australia is a guy named Lord Steel. He sees
Australia as a chance to do a city right, without the ravages
of the Industrial Revolution. That fails utterly and every-
one laughs at him for thinking it could be done. He wasn't
a City Farmer, but he had the same ideas, and they were
just as flawed. You can't go back. Only forward.

Then the Garou start War of Rage v.3.0, this time killing
the Bunyip tribe. At the end of this, a political sleazeball named
Kanabis — Err, Kanakis turns up and begins pontificating

Chapter Two: N etworking

a a

about how wrong the other tribes were for doingit and how the
Glass Walkers would never do such a thing, and thus you
should look highly upon them. Thatis, him. Since he's the only
one there apart from Lord Steel. The move doesn't work and
the guy nearly gets throated. But over the years, fueled by the
Children of Gaia playing "I'm more PC than you" the whole
story turns around to how great we are.

We're not. And most everyone down there knows it.
Go, by all means. Throw a shrimp on the barbie. Kiss a
koala. Some Corporate Wolf and Random Interrupt types
are doing wonderful infiltration of the blooming film indus-
try down there, finally getting that ‘in' into Hollywood
we've never had. But don't think you'll get any less
suspicion than up here. Don't believe the hype.

Ata

When I was talking about the things we don't like
to mess with, | was talking about Asia. Asia is filled
with Fera of kinds that we find strange and unusual,
that we don't understand and in general we'd simply
rather let be than get involved with. We're never shy
about getting into a fight with anything; we're Garou,
after all. It's what we do. But these Asian Fera are
strange and alien to us, and we simply don't know
enough about them to make interfering seem wise.
Despite this, we are there in one or two places.

Tapa

Inthe early '80s, a pack of Wise Guys worked out that
the camp was on its last legs, and had the generally
sensible idea of trying to co-opt other major crime syndi-
cates into the fold so as to create more opportunities for
them. One of these was the Yakuza, so they went to Japan.

But it didn't work out. Every week, they sent back
letters to their Dons, telling them what they were learning
about the Yakuza. And each letter was filled with disgust;
loathing and hatred for the way the Yakuza did business.

The Wise Guys always moved with the times.
That's why they liked the Mafia. When Johnny Torrio
ran the mob, the Wise Guys played it a bit gentler than
they'd otherwise do, since that was how he operated.
When Al Capone came along and picked fights, the
Wise Guys punched it up a notch, because that was the
new way and it worked.

But the Yakuza they saw were as far from these notions
as could be. They were tied to tradition and the old ways
of doing things. Their Dons, called "oyabun," weren't the
dynamic leaders of action the Wise Guys knew, but old
and decaying men more worshipped than useful.

Nor were they surprised to uncover more problems
for the camp. There was notable Wyrm corruption in
several quarters, and a group of Shadow Lords had
beaten them for the rest.

69

ELDER YT

| ARRAY LEAR EOE i, TTA | EE ET EE NA IE RSL ET UBT ARTES ELE

2 eeeareun sarees Fens AoE SLL A OTE FA ureter nah

Not that others haven't given it a reasonable go.
There are a few Corporate Wolves who've carved out
adecent niche in the economy. But even these have no
caerns, and they're out on their own. Long story short,
we're low on allies and high on enemies in Japan.
When we go there, we have to watch our backs.

toa avd Phong Xong

The Boli Zouhisze have fallen on hard times of
late, mostly since the changeover of Hong Kong back
to the Chinese government. The Chinese began at-
tacks on the Triads, and many of the tribe who had
involvement with them were robbed of much of their
power. In addition, the death of elder Wok Wok Rik
earlier this year has completely destabilized their main
sept, the Mother of Peach Trees Caern. In response, a
new project has been suggested on GWnet: "Support
the Mother of Peach Trees Caern against collapse." So
far the no one has taken up the challenge.

After the project was posted, however, came astrange
development that so far no one really has a handle on. In
the first two weeks of 2002, adozen cubs experienced their
First Change in Hong Kong. Apparently Gaia took
Sundays off. All of them were Boli Zouhisze and the tribe
didn't know a single one of the cubs was out there. To any
other sept on Earth, this would be a miracle of the highest
order. To the chaotic, disorganized Mother of Peach
Trees Caern, it's a stress they could live without.

But, on the other hand, they may need these extra
helping hands. My contact told me that Jack Mercer,
formerly Corporate Wolf, now Black Spiral Dancer,
has blown into the area and managed to secure himself
a high profile position with the Macau Palace, a
floating casino anchored in neighboring Macau.
Chances are considered good that Mercer will attempt
to use this as a base of operations for attacks on the
caern. Expect the new cubs to go straight to work. Hoi
Ming-yu, a Ragabash, appears to be the pick of the
litter, but all of them will be sorely needed.

Aplea

I once heard someone claim we stayed out of the
Third World out of an old agreement we made with the
other tribes to end the Impergium. If this was ever true,
it isn't now. Many of the projects that get discussed
involve trying to improve the lot of people in the poorest
parts of the world, and it's based on a simple principle:
Humanity, on its own, isn't of the Wyrm. They're one
half of our nature, after all. However, subjected to
poverty and misery, the Wyrm finds an easy foothold in
anyone's heart. The other tribes may accuse us of trying
to burden Gaia with even more humans to carry, but the
truth is that we're simply trying to make the humans She
has to carry now less of a burden.

70
gpa

That doesn't mean you'll find Glass Walkers there,
toiling among the indigenous people, though. We
don't need to be there, after all, when there are humans
more than willing to do it for us. Humanitarian chari-
ties make great tax breaks for the Corporate Wolves,
and those that can afford to fund them tend to do so.
These also work for us as great infrastructure, when we
need to send over Garou, these charities can act as
their cover if one is needed.

The most contentious issue for us right now is in
Nigeria. There are two packs of City Farmers in the
country, and they're following Trevor Goodman's school
of eco-terrorism in trying to slow the oil industry in the
area. In one of the few victories for Trevor Goodman's
camp, they've won some support among Garou (par-
ticularly in other tribes) in this opposition, since the
industry has produced rioting and death, and Banes
have fed on the harsh misery that pervades the area.

But as a general rule, our tribe has stood firm that
slowing these companies is a foolish idea, since there's
still no proof that the companies themselves are Wyrm-
influenced. Slowing down their progress only weakens
the companies, and leaves them susceptible to a buyout
by another company that probably is Wyrm-influenced.
Instead, we'd prefer to see the oil trade continue in ways
that benefit the people of the area rather than hurt
them. If the attacks can't be stopped, look for some of the
Corporate Wolves to try and make the buyout early and
sweep the rug out from underneath our enemies. Then
again, if we keep pressing ahead with development, then
we might just spark more enmity from the other tribes.

Mtiddje Ent?

What were our lands of origin are now a war zone.
Understandably this saddens us, more worrisome is the
fact that our old technique of hiding within human
religions has come back to bite us here. We have a
caern in Jerusalem that's disguised within the symbols
and trappings of Judaism, and could thus be an appeal-
ing target for terrorists. We're not so afraid of actually
being bombed as we are of the attack blowing our cover
there, or the Wyrm using terrorism as a front to attack
us. Both are really frightening possibilities.

In addition, Egypt raises a whole host of other
problems. Glass Walkers went down there in the
British obsession with Egyptian artifacts in the 1800s,
and have been involved with industrial aspects of
Egypt's cities ever since. In general, it's been a disas-
trous occupation. The tremendously powerful vam-
pires of Egypt, combined with stunning hostility from
the other tribes, have lead to a situation that could
erupt into bloodshed at any moment. Backup talks
regularly to a guy named Eyes-Across-the-World who

Glass Walkers

mee


swears that every Glass Walker in Egypt jumps for
cover at the drop of a pin.

Jouth Atmerita

Since so many Garou are convinced the Amazon
will be the final staging ground for the Apocalypse
War, it's not surprising that the area is given a great
deal of attention by our tribe as well. However, our
previous actions may just be coming back to haunt us,
because this mostly unwarranted assumption has lead
to some actions that we're now beginning to regret.

There is no question that the continuing deforesta-
tion of the Amazon basin is a tragedy, and moreover is
one that has been at least partially caused by companies
directly influenced by the Wyrm. Our involvement was
nevera question; we had to help and try to win the battle
that had been presented. The Corporate Wolves also
had what was seen at the time as a novel way to fight it:
If the land was being leased to rich companies to be
logged and used for profit, then they would simply lease
the land first and leave it be. It worked, too, at first.

But as time went on, the problems caused by this
strategy became more and more obvious to all concerned.
By leaving the land untouched, the Corporate Wolves
made no profit on it at all, and the leases became nothing
more than a dumping ground for money. Investors got
nervous when hearing how their money was wasted, thus
sending share prices through the floor. Taxes on the value
of the land also had to be paid, which wasakick to the gut.
And lastly, the Wicks didn't fight the way the Corporate
Wolves expected; instead of bidding wars for the land
they just sent goons to start fires on our land. This forced
us to pay for security teams and clean-up operations,
which burnt up even more of our money.

It has been a disaster, frankly, and numerous
Corporate Wolves lost many millions in the attempt.
Some even committed suicide over it, a sickening
betrayal to us all, but one that can be understood.
(Though not forgiven. We need you all, damn you.)

SS 0 AAR en meme

Lat Words

Yes, including you. You in particular, | mean, not
just the Corax, or the Fera even. It's all just too
precarious, where we are right now. These days, no
organization is going to save Gaia. No Garou Nation,
no corporation, no camp. All of these things are
distractions. In the end, it's individual people, indi-
vidual packs, these are what will help us or damn us.

You want to know why I asked you about those
Leeches? Why I agreed to this ridiculous interview as
part of your price for the information?

Because I've based my whole life, ever since I
Changed, into being my camp's great hope. I was born
to one of our great Dons, in Chicago where it all
started; the moment I Changed I knew my goal in life
had to be to save them. And slowly, bit by bit, I realized
I was fighting the wrong battle. Because there's only
one right battle left, and it's not about people or
groups, but about Gaia. There's one thing I'll let you
tell the other tribes from this interview. Quote me on
this: The Glass Walkers do not follow the Weaver, or
Man, or anyone other than Gaia. She is all, and is all
we love and cherish. For Her, no sacrifice is too much,
No cost too great.

That's why we do what we do. It's why we stay in
the cities and devote ourselves to every great thing the
humans come up with, because we look at every one
and break our hearts hoping that yes, this will be the
one that saves the day. This will be the invention that
lets us destroy the Wyrm.

That's why I'm tired of fighting to save the Wise
Guys. Camps have died before. I'm well overdue to do
good for Gaia instead, and I'm determined to make
stopping Venice from going up in flames and blood my
first priority. Your information will help me.

And while you've been very helpful, now is the
time when you leave. I'm tired of you, too. I think I
speak for my pack when I say that. So please, leave.

Interview's over.

[TRANSCRIPT ENDS]

Chapter Two: N etworking rp

"guaran arcane

mere

|


But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical
overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have
been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.

— Bruce Leverett, "Register Allocation in Opti-

mizing Compilers"

Jo You Wawa Be
a Chae Waofker?

Whilst Glass Walkers are often seen as nothing more than
werewolves playing at being gangsters, suits or hackers, the only
real common denominator in the tribe is a love of contempo-
rary human culture, or at least some aspects of it. Police
detective, SWAT operative, political activist, small business
owner, priest, rabbi, imam, urban spiritualist or social worker —
any of these would make fine Glass Walker concepts without
coming close to the standard array of mobsters, suits and
hackers that define the Glass Walker stereotype. And whilst
these standards are common in the tribe and great concepts to
play, there's no reason why you can't step out with an original
takeon the tribe. Asa reflection ofmodern human society, they
should be diverse and unique — Make them so!

Whponer

Only one thing, however, should be common to most
effective Glass Walkers (apart from being Glass Walkers).
When you finish your character, consider saving a few

Sacer

freebie points for Willpower. They only cost one freebie
point per dot, and a high Willpower is all but essential for
playing an effective Glass Walker.

Consider it. You spend each and every day among a
humanity who thinks the most important question in life is
which new Britney Spears disc to buy next, while you're
feeling Gaia's throes of agony every second. For all that the
Glass Walkers think humanity have much to offer, not one
would suggest that they're not an infuriating experience on
a regular basis. In addition, you are still a werewolf with
primal urges that are entirely unacceptable in polite society.
Frenzy would be number one on this list.

And finally, there's the downside of Rage. For every dot
of Rage you have above your Willpower score, you lose one
die on social interaction rolls with humans around you, as
people sense the killer in you and back away. Among other
tribes, this is annoying. Among Glass Walkers, this is lethal.
Every human on the street shies away from you; cops will

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 73

ei

iiss altimeter emit oninetiaaninenbianiig

immediately sense you as a threat. You stand out like a sore
thumb, and your very existence goes a long way toward
breaching the Veil or compromising your caern.

Glass Walkers should always havea Willpowerat least one
dot higher than their Rage if they want to take full advantage
of their ability to move in human society. Of course, it's equally
fun to play the "wolf in sheep's clothing" that does frighten
those around him, so don't feel too pressured to play nice.

The Pras and Cons of Camps

It'sundeniably true that camps play a massive role in the
Glass Walker tribe. They're the power players in tribal
politics. Makes sense to join up as soon as possible, right?

Wrong. Remember, camps do not exist for the benefit of
their members. Maybe in theory they do, but never in practice.
They exist for the benefit of their leaders. The Corporate Wolves
openly order their lessers around with not even the faintest hint
of quid pro quo. Dies Ultimae are a paranoid's attempt to protect
himself, pure and simple. Even the Random Interrupts, a vastly
egalitarian camp by comparison, accord more respect to those
who suggest projects rather than those who go out and do them.

As the player characters, it's more than probable you'll be the
latter group. Also remember that camps do not consist of every
Glass Walker within their field of specialization; not every big
business-oriented Glass Walker is a Corporate Wolf, not every
computer hacker is a Random Interrupt.

There are advantages to joining a camp. You get access
to Gifts those outside don't. In theory you'll have the
backing of a tightly bound society to help you out of a jam.
But in practice, the most you'll get is more responsibilities to
take care of, and most of those responsibilities won't even go
one inch toward helping Gaia and all too many miles toward
helping other werewolves. The majority of Glass Walkers
don't belong to any camp for exactly these reasons.

Zuckground
Aba © Contacte

As a tribe, the Glass Walkers would get little done if it
weren't for their networks of human friends and associates.
Allies and contacts are vital for handling most of the logistics
of an urban werewolf's career and human identity, and are
invaluable for helping sift through all the information that a
busy city has to offer. Whether it's golfing with the mayor or
sweet-talking the frustrated mail clerk, a clever Glass Walker
knows to have as many potential friends as possible in all strata
of the urban environment. Indeed, many Glass Walkers even
network into the rural and wilderness areas, making acquain-
tances that are much better at handling potential hot spots
away from the city than the Walkers themselves would be.

Ancesport

The price of being focused on the present and future is a
loss of connection with the past. The Glass Walkers stopped
trying to cultivate the ability to focus their ancestor-spirits
years ago; the common attitude was that their elders didn't
have nearly as much to teach them as the innovators of the

a A Ae ae

current age did. Now some of the tribe regret the severed ties,
and would give a great deal to be as close to their ancestors as
other tribes are to theirs. But the damage is done.

Fithth

The Glass Walkers doriit/Have much by way of ancestral
fetishes; there are few heitlooms,in their bloodlines. Most of
their fetishes are cutting-edge technology bonded with vital
new spirits, alwaysstriving for the bleeding edge. (In the eyes
of other tribes, the Walkers might as well not bother with
fetishesand restricttheniselves' talens.) Thefew exceptions
are fetish firearms, which gather a certain amount of mystique
and reverence; tales of famous fetish) Pomimy guns, revolvers
and even flintlocks circulate among the tribe.

Most ¢ Jalkers, aoa ye extensive Kinfolk net-
works, out € misplaced sense of "keeping the Kin safe" (i.e.,
away from the tribe until needed) or simple shortsightedness.
Wolf Kin are exceptionally rare, andalthough the Walkers try
tocare for their lupiné cousins, too many find itdifficultto really
understand theneeds ofa wolf. It'san unfortunate situation, but

one that doesn't seem to be changing any time soon.

Nenfor

The Glass Walkers d6n'tego,in for mentor/student
relationships very often, as previously described. The chil-
dren of Cockroach, just don't atgue that "older" means

"wiser," and are lling to place toomuch credence in the
words of their elders.
Pure Breed

The tribe's Pure Breed ran out a long time ago; the Glass
Walkers have generally bred for merit (or for more casual
reasons) rather than to preserve bloodlines. Pure Bred Glass
Walkers were allegedly tall and proud, with glossy dark coats
and eyes full of intelligence; these days, some Walkers meet
that description, but they don't have the power of a recog-
nizably pure bloodline to back up their good looks.

Rycyrcet

The love of money may be the root ofall evil, but there's
no denying that money gets things done in ways that virtue
doesn't. Most Glass Walkers have at least a little bit of
Resources, whether in the form of a trust fund set up by
generous septmates or an allowance meted out by the elders.
It's simply a necessity for working closely with humanity.

Tie

Glass Walkers tend to focus on rites dealing with mate-
rial things; the Rite of TalismansDedication is almost more
widely knowne@fnong the ttibe than the Rite of Cleansing,
and the Rite of the Fetish remains very popular. Many Glass
Walker rites substitute the finest manmade materials instead
of natural materials — excellent and rare vintage wines
instead of spring water, silver batons instead of tree branches,
and soon. Such substitutions don't affect the results of the rite
much, although a Glass Walker in the wild might find it

74 Glass Walkers

=

aera ern erence


harder to get the nature- 6'Tespond to a Dolby record-
ing of Chopin than to the piping of ‘a Bamboo flute.
Tope ;

A Glass Walker often blends the rites of totem veneration
with the religious rites sh€ grew "a prayers are a

favorite, as are small/househ ats. Clash-
ing Boom-Boomt is probably the secohd most p totem in
the tribe, right after Coekroach; the Glass Walkers enjoy having

a personal war totem that i is as € ble with technological
weapons as they» are. Many 1 also revere the
Monkey King, Chimera, U nan enPegasusand Grand-
father Thunder. Generally, the ‘Walkers are that not all

totemsareas friendly to themiasthey are to ) more hature-minded
Garou, and they work to cultivate all'the spirit allies they can get.

tiff

The Glass Walkers are known for spiritual innovation
and discovery, and as such they have a diverse range of Gifts
that they've managed to dig up. A Glass Walker could teach
these Gifts to a Garou of another tribe, and in fact reason that
the more people know the Gift, the more it will be developed.
They thus encourage spirits to teach any Garou who asks.
Mostly, however, the other tribes don't seek out these Gifts.

Camp Gifts are another matter entirely. They're cov-
eted secrets, and if they became widespread they'd lose much
of their influence and power. Ironically, they might be more
willing to teach them to other tribes than Glass Walkers
without their camp, but don't count on it. The Wise Guys
were always fond of murdering any spirit who taught their
Gifts to non-Wise Guys, and thus very few spirits today will
try and teach camp specific Gifts to those outside the camp.

Tolbdl iff

© Skyscraper Vision (Level One) — Whilst the urban
jungle offers many new possibilities for the hunter, italso presents
its share of difficulties. One of the most troublesome of these is the
possibility of their prey slipping into a crowd and simply disap-
pearing. With this Gift, the Glass Walker can see through the
eyes of a glass spirit in a skyscraper window to pick out their prey
from above. The City Father or a glass-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6).
For every success rolled, the character can see from the
perspective of any window in the area (about halfa city block)
for one turn. Ifused to find specific details, the Storyteller may
ask for a second roll using Perception + Alertness, adding one
bonus die for each success gained in the initial Gnosis roll, to
see if the mark can be spotted in time. Difficulty should be set
by Storyteller to reflect the elusiveness of the target.

MET: Make a Gnosis Challenge. With success, and the
availability of suitable areas, you can gain the perspective of
any window within your line of sight. The Storyteller may ask
for a Mental Challenge to pick out fine details, as the higher
you go, the less distinct things become. The Storyteller may
choose to disallow this Gift if the setting does not support it.

ee ee

¢ Jam Technology (Level Two) — As the Ragabash Gift.
MET: See Laws of the Wild.

© Steel Fur (Level Two) — Focusing in on their own
being, the Glass Walker wraps his own spirit with those of
steel, turning his fur into hardened metal. Metal or Earth
elementals teach this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Stamina + Science (difficulty 7). Each success adds one die to
the Garou's soak pool for one scene. While this Gift is active,
the Garou suffers +1 difficulty to all Dexterity rolls, and any
Social rolls not involving other Glass Walkers. Obviously, you
must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form to use this Gift.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait, and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Science). Success grants you two
extra Healthy health levels as your fur turns into hardened
steel, but also the Negative Traits Clumsy, and Repugnant
when in Social Challenges against non-Glass Walkers. You
must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form to use this Gift.

© Pennies from Heaven (Level Two) — The Glass
Walker convinces money spirits to change their denomina-
tion. The coin or note simply metamorphoses into the
appropriate denomination. Money spirits teach the Gift.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Politics. What value the money becomes deter-
mines the difficulty regardless of the original denomination.

Denomination changed to: _ Difficulty
Penny 3
Nickel 4
Dime 3)
Quarter 6
Dollar it
Five Dollar 8
Twenty Dollar 9
One Hundred Dollar 10

Each success can change one coin or note into another
denomination. Foreign currencies can also be converted in
similar fashion, and it is also possible to convert a currency
of one country to a different denomination of another.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Social Challenge
(retest with Politics). Success changes one item of currency to
thenexthighest value (i.e., adime toa quarter, one dollar to five
dollars). This basic challenge will work on currency from a
penny to a five-dollar bill. To increase the value further, you
must bid two Traits during your challenge. You cannot increase
a piece of money's value more than twice, nor can you expand
it beyond 100 dollars. Foreign currency works in comparable
fashion, and with this Gift, it is possible to change one piece of
money to its counterpart in another currency (such as dollars
to Euros). This Gift will also change a country's old currency
(such as lira or Deutsche marks) into Euros. Pennies from
Heaven has no effect on historic currencies like Confederate
dollars, government war bonds, Reichs marks or Roman coins.

 Electroshock (Level Three) — The Glass Walkers are
the tribe of glass, steel and electricity. This last element can be

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 75

-_. eagalepetpnaieeecameseacermmaneal

ere

| ff D SCRE DE, EF SECCSO TE STRICT DAFOE TOE

used to directly damage opponents that the Glass Walker can
either touch, or who are touching a conductive material such
as metal or water. An electricity-spirit teaches this Gift.
System: The player spends a number of Rage points. Each
point of Rage spent inflicts three levels of aggravated wounds
on the Glass Walker's opponents. These levels of damage may
be divided among as many opponents as the number of Rage
points invested in this Gift. As usual, the character cannot
spend more Rage than half of his permanent rating in one turn.
MET: Spend a number of Rage Traits. Each Trait inflicts
three levels of electrical aggravated damage on a chosen oppo-
nent. You may divide this among three opponents, provided they
are either being touched by you (make a Physical Challenge
against unwilling targets) or they are touching something con-
ductive (water or metal). A target that is touching a conductor
can be physically assisted by another, provided that the would-be
rescuer is grounded in some way (usingnon-conductive materials
to assist, like wood or rope, or is standing on dry ground). This
power has no effect on non-conductive materials. You cannot
spend more Rage than half your permanent rating in one turn.

¢ Intrusion (Level Three) — It's impossible to keep a
cockroach out of a house, and it's equally impossible to keep
a Glass Walker out, provided she has this Gift. Once this
Gift is activated, the Glass Walker can easily break almost
any barrier that is presented to her. Doors mysteriously
unlock upon her approach; padlocks fall open with no
explanation. The Gift has, however, a very short and spe-
cific time limit. A cockroach-spirit teaches the Gift.

76 Glass Walkers

i catenins

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis and then
tolls his Gnosis pool, difficulty 7. Every success will keep this Gift
active for exactly one minute, and many Glass Walkers deliber-
ately time themselves with stopwatches so they can know when
this Gift will wear off. (If a hard mechanical number is needed,
assume each minute is one turn.) During this time almost no door
or barrier can possibly stop the Glass Walker. Highly secure doors
(such as foot-thick iron security doors) may require a Dexterity or
Wits + Streetwise roll, but every success on the initial Gnosis roll
for this Gift adds one automatic success to such rolls.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait. For three minutes, almost
no barrier or door can interfere with you — locks tumble
into place, deadbolts slide back. Very secure doors may need
a challenge to bypass.

¢ Tech Speak (Level Four) — This Gift allows the
Glass Walker to contact others through any technological
device. The Garou speaks to a Pattern Spider in or near a
technological device and tells them the message to be
delivered and whom it should be delivered to. The Pattern
Spider then finds the receiver and uses any communications
technology near them to deliver the message; Telephones
yell it out, (without picking up the handset), electronic
billboards display it, computer printers print it out as text. If
no communications technology is present, any other tech-
nology will activate, though no message will be imparted. If
no technology whatsoever is present near the receiver, the
Gift fails. A Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

L

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Charisma + Science. The difficulty is relevant to the distance
the message needs to be sent: The next room is difficulty 4, the
same building 5, one block away 6, one mile away 7,a time-zone
away 8. Beyond thatisdifficulty 9. The more successes achieved,
the longer the message can be. A single success will only allow
one word to be sent, five would allow unlimited length.

MET: Find a Pattern spider to play messenger (it must be
inhabiting orneara technological device), thenspendaGnosis
Trait and make a Social Challenge (retest with Science). With
success, the Pattern spider scuttles off to find the target and
deliver the message. This is not the subtlest of Gifts — anyone
near the recipient will see or hear the message as well.

© Custom Built (Level Five) — Initially a Random
Interrupt invention but now spread throughout the tribe,
this Gift is both revered and reviled. Treating spirits as data,
the Glass Walker can manipulate the spirit of a tool to turn
it into any other tool. The actual object doesn't change, but
its properties and use does. A PDA can become razor sharp,
ora knife could be tapped on to hack into a system. Once the
object has been used once, though, the spirit dies and the
object breaks beyond repair. A Pattern Spider can teach this
Gift, but they never do so willingly and must be coerced.
More commonly, other Garou teach it.

System: A Glass Walker using this Gift spends one
Gnosis and rolls Manipulation + Science. Difficulty de-
pends upon the degree of change. Turning a tool into
another of much the same purpose is difficulty 5, (turning a
sword intoa pistol), changing a tool into another of different
purpose but similar complexity is difficulty 7, (turning a
sword into a frying pan), while turning a tool into another
of vastly varying complexity is difficulty 9 (turning a sword
into a laptop computer). This tool can be used exactly once;
one bullet may be fired, one egg may be fried, one password
may be cracked. After that, the object falls apart.

Many Glass Walkers consider this Gift heinous murder,
and ifit is used in anything short of a dire emergency the user
will lose Honor and Wisdom. (Storyteller's discretion.)
Simply knowing the Gift is enough to be shunned by some.
Ironically, this attitude is most common among the Random
Interrupts, and almost none know the Gift.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Static Social
Challenge (retest with Science), difficulty based on the
similarities of the items being changed. Items that are of
similar purpose is four Traits, items that are of similar
complexity are six Traits and items that are wildly different
in complexity or purpose is eight Traits. The item can be
used once before it falls apart and the spirit within dies.

Camp
Corporafe Woftar

¢ Budget Approval Process (Level One) — As any
underpaid and underprivileged office worker will tell you,
getting any budget approved involves knowing whom to
ask. Those types would find this Gift a blessing, as would

eee

RRS SREP Th PHU METI

many other types. This Gift lets you find the weak point of
any social group, which person can be leaned on to get
results. It is taught by either an ant- or a bee-spirit.
System: The player spends one Willpower and rolls
Perception + Etiquette (difficulty 5). If successful, the
Garou automatically knows which member of a group it
would be best to approach to get results in her efforts. The
number of success determines how large a group can be
scanned. Working out which punk to hit in a street gang to
make the rest run would only require one success, working
out which guy needs bribing to bring down an entire
corporation would require at least five. The Storyteller also
is fully within his rights to suggest that no one person holds
all the cards in a group and that the Gift simply won't work.
MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a Mental
Challenge (retest with Etiquette). With success, you can see
which member should be approached to get the results you
want. A group no larger than five may be targeted with this
Gift, and the Gift does not say what will actually do the job,
whether bribery or a punch in the teeth. However, this Gift
can become muddled or even fail outright if the group
dynamics do not suggest a single leader or weak point.
© Buzzword Language (Level Two) —The Glass Walkers
have always needed the ability to hide in plain sight more than
other tribes by virtue of being in plain sight so much more often.
As a result, they've developed many Gifts for communicating
unnoticed, but very few have been so successful as this. The
Corporate Wolf simply begins to babble in the incoherent — yet
entirely accepted — tongue of modern business and the person
he's talking to will completely comprehend his message, which
can be totally unrelated to a single word in the conversation.
System: The player spends one point of Willpower and
rolls Charisma + Subterfuge, difficulty 7. Each success deter-
mines how accurately the message is conveyed. At one
success the message comes out in single-word sentences.
("You. Me. Escape.") Three successes allow for simple, single-
clause sentences. ("Youand will use the staircase to escape.")
Five successes, you could package a short story into the phrase
"Leoni and I need to dialogue about leveraging our core
competencies in order to achieve market affiliation."
MET: Spend one Willpower Trait and make a Social
Challenge (retest with Subterfuge). Success grants you a
one single-clause sentence that is covered under the babble
of modern business. To incorporate longer sentences or to
gain more talk-time, spend another Willpower Trait.
© Takeover (Level Five) — What you wear determines
your worth as a human being in the modern corporate world.
If you live outside the business, you are a number with a dollar
sign in front of it, representing what you own and how much it,
and you, are worth. Fora business, you are your possessions, and
this Gift makes it literally true. With this Gift, the Corporate
Wolf can attack and physically destroy another person by
destroying their possessions. A money spirit teaches this Gift.
System: The player spends three Rage points and rolls
Strength + Enigmas (difficulty 8). The number of successes

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 27

eemeten -

| TIED LB RE SEA, SEO LEI AE EE BESS TAS OL TOT

needed is determined by how long her opponent has owned
the object. If he only bought it today, five successes are
needed. If he has owned it for less than a month, four
successes are needed; while if he has owned it for at least six
months, then three successes are required. Finally, if it has
been owned for overa year, only a single success is necessary.

Assuming the roll is successful, the Corporate Wolf may
proceed to make an attack on the object and any damage done to
the object will also be inflicted upon her opponent. The damage
still applies to the object, however, and if the object is destroyed
then any connection between the object and the opponent is
destroyed with it. If it still stands, the Corporate Wolf may
continue toattack. Ifa Corporate Wolf obtains your priceless Ming
vase, you should be all right, but worry if they ever steal your car.

MET: Spend three Rage Traits and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Enigmas). If you're successful, you can
attack the object and the object's owner takes the first three
levels of damage you inflict on the object.

Siler Doge

© Cool Mind (Level One) —Too many Garouare afraid
of advancing beyond the limits of their bodies. To counter
this, the Cyber Dogs have a Gift that banishes fear, anxiety or
any other emotion. People targeted by this Gift lose their
emotion temporarily, able to think perfectly logically. A
Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

System: The Cyber Dog spends one Willpower and
rolls Intelligence + Investigation (difficulty 7) in a resisted
roll against the target's Wits + Primal-Urge (difficulty 7).
The target can choose not to resist, and you may target
yourself. If successful, the target becomes cold and imper-
sonal for as many turns as successes achieved, thinking
entirely with intellect and ignoring emotion. Emotions do
still exist as abstract concepts; a target can still think, "I love
this man, so it would not be to my benefit to harm him." This
Gift cannot counter the effects of the Delirium. Garou
under this Gift's effects suffer +2 difficulty to Rage rolls,
though frenzy will disrupt the Gift.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a Static
Mental Challenge (difficulty is the target's Primal-Urge plus
two, orseven Traits if the target does not possess Primal-Urge).
The target can choose not to resist (which forgoes the need for
a challenge), or you can use this Gift on yourself. With
success, the target is not affected by emotions, thinking and
making decisions purely with intellect. Supernatural powers
that affect the emotions (such as the vampiric Discipline of
Presence) donot disturb Cool Mind. This Gift does not counter
the Delirium. Cool Mind bestows a two-Trait difficulty to
Rage challenges, but once frenzy is entered, the Gift is
disrupted. This Gift lasts for three turns.

© Steel Made Flesh (Level Two) — Sometimes it's
useful to take a step back in order to facilitate many steps
forward. An example would be in airports or other places with
metal detectors. This Gift allows the Garou to change all
cybernetics in his body back into flesh. While flesh, cybernet-
ics do not operate. A snake or cicada-spirit teaches this Gift.

. arma ER WE FERRERS GWA TASS AA Ui an UR Utara arena

System: The Cyber Dog spends one Gnosis. The cyber-
netics become flesh immediately. The Gift lasts for the rest
of the scene.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait. For one scene, any cyber-
netics or other metal implants in your body become flesh and
undetectable by devices such as metal detectors or X-rays.

Dit Ufimae

Last Ditch (Level One) — When the chips are down
and your back's to the wall, risks need to be taken. This Gift
makes those last choices a little less risky by allowing for
some instinctual co-ordination to be taken. A bee or ant-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Soldier looks toward an ally and spends one
point of Gnosis before rolling Intelligence + Primal Urge
(difficulty 7). The ally does not need to spend Gnosis or roll,
but must also know the Gift. As long as one success is rolled,
the players of each character may formulate a detailed plan
out of character, which both characters instinctually grasp
simply from making eye contact. Each character adds two
bonus dice to his or her next roll, but for the rest of the scene
after that they lose two dice from all actions.

MET: Make eye contact with an ally, then spend a Gnosis
Trait and make a Mental Challenge (retest with Primal-Urge).
Theally mustalso know the Giftin order toshare the effects. You
and your ally may then confer briefly to formulate a plan that you
both instinctively know and can put into play at first opportu-
nity. You both gain two bonus Traits to your next challenge, but
lose two Traits for the rest of the scene. In order to keep this Gift
from dragging combat even further down, and in fine old action-
movie tradition, it is highly recommended that Last Ditch users
meet and come up with a few strategies out of play that can be
identified with simple catch-phrases (such as "Override B-1").

© Well-Oiled Running (Level One) — The greatest tool
a Soldier has is her equipment. The worst enemy she has is the
possibility of it failing. This Gift greatly reduces those chances
by safeguarding machinery against environmental factors. It is
taught by a dust, war or water-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Crafts (Difficulty 7). The Garou safeguards one
machine against natural corrosion or adverse weather for oneday
per success. This machine can still be damaged by direct attacks.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Crafts). With success, one machine
is protected from natural effects like corrosion or bad weather
for a day, although a direct hit from a weapon or physical
attack still damages it.

° Steel Blowfish (Level Three) — One of the stranger
Dies Ultimae Gifts, this trick comes as an extension of the
Steel Fur Gift. Like it, the Soldier's fur becomes metallic,
however the metal is much harder with this version, and the
Garou puffs up to three times his normal size! However, this
also makes him so heavy that he becomes utterly immobile.
But he makes excellent cover, and it is to this purpose that
the Gift is usually employed. The Gift can only be taught by
a Pattern Spider found in a car wreck in which at least one

78 Glass Walkers

Df PUP UD LE,

EE a CES


person died, and the airbag failed to deploy. Somewhat
depressingly, the Gift is widely known.

System: As with Steel Fur, the player spends one Will-
power point and rolls Stamina + Science (difficulty 7). Each
success adds one die to the Garou'ssoak pool; once the final total
has been added up, the soak pool is doubled. However, while
activated the Garou (who must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus
form) is three times his normal size in all directions and weighs
too much to move. Most Dies Ultimae employing this Gift first
curl into a ball in order to not crash through the ceiling.

MET: Spend a Willpower point and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Science). You gain the two extra
Healthy health levels as per Steel Fur, plus you grow to three
times your normal size, and are so heavy you cannot move.
You must be in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus form to use this Gift,
and this Gift lasts for one scene. Supernatural strength (such
as the vampiric Discipline of Potence) or several Crinos
Garou throwing their full weight into it can scoot you across
the floor, but lifting is out of the question for all but the
mightiest users of Potence or spirit-creatures.

Radom loferrypht

¢ Network Terminal (Level One) — Computers have
grown more and more connected in recent years, most promi-
nently via the Internet. Meanwhile, no matter how good your
computer is, there's probably someone with a better computer
and you're likely connected to it. This Gift connects the
Random Interrupt to that theoretical better computer, mak-
ing all work much easier. A Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Gnosis, difficulty 7. Every
success adds one die to any roll involving the Computer
Knowledge. The Gift doesn't provide you with a computer;
you actually need to be seated at a computer that has some
form of network connection.

MET: Spend a variable amount of Gnosis. Each Gnosis
Trait spent grants youa level of Computer Ability. You must be
actually using a computer with a network connection in order
to get the most out of this Gift. The effects last for one scene.

© Mind Partition (Level Two) — A favorite among
Random Interrupts who discover they can't multitask nearly as
wellas their computers, this Gift allows the Garou to break their
own mind into segments, quickly switching their concentration
toanew task while never losing their place on the old task. One
Cruncherdescribed the Gift by saying; "It'snoterve multitasking,
but it fakes it well." A Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and
tolls Gnosis. (Difficulty 6) For every success gained, the
player can add work on one extra extended action every
turn, one added per turn. No penalties are incurred on any
of the extended actions, but if just one botch is rolled, all
uncompleted tasks fail.

Example: Backup-Circuit is working on a complicated
hacking job involving three separate tasks, but needs to move
quickly. He spends one Willpower point, activating Mind
Partition and rolls Gnosis, gaining the needed two successes.
On the first turn he begins his work on cracking the door

SA aS IPT PE REE an Mes eS

systems, rolling his standard dice pool. On the second turn he
continues to work on the door systems, but also begins work
oncracking the security, and rolls for both tasks. On the third
turn and every turn thereafter, he is working on cracking the
door system, security system and defenses system simulta-
neously. Had he botched the roll, he'd have begun trying to
crack the system but collapse, clutching his head seconds later
as his brain breaks under the pressure.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a Static
Gnosis Challenge (difficulty four Traits to add one task, six
Traits to add two tasks, eight Traits to add three tasks). With
success, you can add one subsequent task each turn until you
have all your tasks before you. You incur no penalties for the
divided actions, and work with your normal Traits on all
tasks. Should you fail a challenge while working, make a
Simple Test. If you fail that, the multi-tasking breaks down
and any uncompleted tasks fail.

© Universal Interface (Level Three) — Most Random
Interrupts use two methods for dealing with computers. Some
use mundane computers and techniques, others leap into the
Umbra and deal with the technological spirits driving comput-
ers directly. This Gift allows a Random Interrupt to strike a
balance between these two techniques, using the Umbra itself
as a computer. He can simply type on air and visualize a screen
in his own mind. A pattern spider teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one point of Gnosis and rolls
Wits + Enigmas (Difficulty 7). Only one success is needed to
fashion the intangible computer, but no more successes may
be achieved using the computer than were achieved on the
original Wits + Enigmas roll. The Glass Walker need not be
in the Umbra to use this Gift, and the computer is considered
to be connected to both the Internet and GWnet.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental Chal-
lenge (retest with Enigmas). For one scene, you can turn the
Umbra into an intangible computer, seeing the screen in
your mind and typing into the air. The computer is con-
nected to the Internet and GWnet.

© Cooling System (Level Four) — As per the Wendigo
Level Four Gift "Chill of the Early Frost". This Gift was originally
copied from the Wendigo by the Iron Riders, who employed it
to preserve food by freezing it, and was rediscovered by the
Random Interrupts, whouse it both in combat and to keep server
rooms cool. The Random Interrupts often favor spendinga point
of Willpower in addition to the point of Gnosis to control the
temperate and keep it just above freezing. Since Great Wendigo
would usually rather murder a Glass Walker than teach them, a
Penguin spirit or a Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

MET: Asthe Wendigo Gift Chill of the Early Frost (see Laws
of the Wild). Spenda Willpower Trait toadjust the temperature.

© Phone Travel (Level Five) —The Random Interrupt can
effectively reach into a telephone line and emerge on the other
end. She must first dial the number of where she wishes to arrive
and someone must answer. A Pattern Spider teaches this Gift.

System: After the phone is picked up, the Random
Interrupt rolls Gnosis, the difficulty being the local Gauntlet.

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 79

EE

manne

Sf SEITE EDP ET WERE SESE PRE Et ITED PEEP CTE NRE EEE AE PED I A TE AAT LEP ATELY

gene carro ues cor I ear nemo TRE Rae tance remark

As with stepping sideways, three successes are needed to trans-
mit instantly. If fewer successes are rolled, and the other side
hangs up before she emerges at the other end, the Garou is spat
back out at her phone and takes three levels of lethal damage.

MET: Dial the number of your arrival point, and wait for
someone toanswer. After the phone is picked up, make astandard
challenge to step sideways. Success allows you to reach the other
side. Should someone hang up before you arrive at your destina-
tion, you're spat back out at your starting point with three levels
of lethal damage. An answering machine does not count for
purposes of someone picking up the phone at your destination.

Whe Giyyt

¢ Tommy's New Trick (Level One) — While one of
the Wise Guys favorite gun Gifts (Trick Shot, rediscovered
from the Iron Riders by Gianluigi Lucci) eventually leaked
to the whole tribe, this one may well go with them to their
grave. This Gift ensures that when spraying bullets from an
automatic gun, not a single bullet misses its target. A bird
spirit (though never a pigeon) teaches this Gift.

System: The playerspends one point of Gnosis and makes
astandard Dexterity + Firearms roll tomake aspray attack. (See
Automatic Fire, Werewolf, p. 207.) However, the standard +2
difficulty does not apply. Before the attack is resolved, the Wise
Guy may spend one Willpower point to turn one failed die into
asuccess, and this may be repeated until all dice are considered
successes. The only exception to this is if the roll is a botch, in
which case no Willpower may be spent and every bullet misses
their target by exactly an inch.

In addition, not one bullet is left at the scene, nor will
any bullet hit anything but the Wise Guy's opponents. This
Gift cannot be used on a single enemy; the attack must be
a spray involving at least two targets.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a standard firearms
challenge. The Gift allows you to spend a Willpower Trait to
change any subsequent failed firearms challenges to successes. You
may not spend more than three Willpower Traits, and the attack
must be a spray against at least two targets. No bullets will be left
at the scene, and noone will be hit except your targeted opponents.

© Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurge
Gift. Wise Guys using this Gift often recite Luke 17:19 when
using it. "And he said unto him, Arise, go thy way: thy faith
hath made thee whole."

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

es 2 A A SPIN I Ts TR EES

Ap Exty Mittake

More than one Wise Guy pissed off the wrong guy,
and wound up wearing cement overshoes in the harbor.
Yet this treatment never killed them, leading some Garou
to suspect they had a Gift to let them breathe water.

They didn't. However, they nearly always carried
a mirror on their person. Just in case they needed it. So
long as they remembered to act before all the light
disappeared, they were safe.

8

——

¢ Image of the Saints (Level Two) — God or Gaia
(take your pick) has His/Her touch on everyone. This Gift
allows the Wise Guy to sense the spiritual or supernatural
ties another individual possesses within the context of
Catholic saints. A dove-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 8. If successful, the Wise Guy
sees the image of a specific saint overlaid across a specific
individual she sees. This saint will reflect specific aspects of the
person depending upon their nature. Another Garou shows a
saint reflecting his pack totem. A supernatural creature that
isn't a Garou reveals a saint reflecting their true form, and a
normal human will be seen with a saint reflecting either their
Nature or an essential moment of their personal history.

Note to players and Storytellers: Good lists of Saints can be
found in books and on the Internet. http://www.catholic-
forum.com/saints/indexsnt.htm is an excellent place to start.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental Chal-
lenge (retest with Enigmas). With success, you see the image
of a particular saint overlaid on your target.

© Whispers on the Street (Level Three) — The Glass
Walkers' enemies have historically been non-werewolves for
the most part, since even the Black Spiral Dancers used toavoid
the city. It's no surprise that the Lucci invented a Gift that
allows communication exclusively between Garou. By picking
up an object and whispering to the spirits surrounding it, the
Garou can imbue it with a message that can be heard subcon-
sciously by every werewolf picking it up. Sadly, this includes
Black Spiral Dancers and, some argue, non-Wise Guy Glass
Walkers. A Pattern Spider or insect spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Willpower point and rolls
Gnosis, difficulty 7. The number of successes determines how long
the message stays within the object. One success means the
message will endure for a scene, two successes a day, three
successes a week, and four successes a year. Should you roll five
successes, then the message is permanently locked into the object.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a Static Gnosis
Challenge (three Traits to cause the message to endure for one
scene, four Traits fora day, five Traits fora week, and six fora year).

© Umbral Motorcade (Level Four) — A "motorcade mur-
der" was the Mafia equivalent ofa drive-by killing. The idea was to
be gone the moment after the deed was done. Lucci always felt this
never went far enough, and came up with the trick of never being
there in the first place. This Gift allows the Wise Guy to shoot a
victim in the physical world from the Umbra. A rat spirit teaches
this Gift, a fact that made the Gift unpopular in some quarters.

System: The Garou fires a gun at the target as normal,
but the player should then spend one Willpower point and
roll Gnosis, difficulty equal to the Gauntlet in the area. In
effect, the Wise Guy is making the bullet "reach" across the
Umbra, so normally three successes are needed. Should the
target be immobile for some reason (such as being asleep),
then one or two successes might be sufficient. Since the
target is probably unaware of the attack, most attacks made
with this Gift are at point blank range and probably lethal.

Glass Walkers

nee

|


MET: Make a normal ranged attack for firearms, then
spend a Willpower Trait and make a standard challenge to
step sideways (in essence, the bullet is doing the "stepping
sideways"). This Gift works only for a single discharge.

© Corner Shot (Level Four) — A feared Gift, this
allows the Wise Guy to shoot around corners. Packs were
fond of timing this Gift with multiple guns, creating hails of
gunfire through open doorways before entering a room. A
bird spirit (again, never a pigeon) teaches the Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Perception + Firearms, difficulty 9. Only one success is needed.
Only single shots may be fired with this Gift, never autofire.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Mental Chal-
lenge (retest with Firearms). Success allows for a single shot
around a corner. This Gift does not work with auto-fire.

¢ Family Debt (Level Five) — This Gift has now been lost,
due to overly cautious protection and careless management.
Only sept leaders of the Central House were permitted to learn
it, those who did learn it were placed under intense scrutiny, and
the greatestnumber of those who did belonged tothe Wise Guys.
At any one time, maybe only five Glass Walkers on Earth ever
knew it. All died in a short period of time due to simple attrition
and old age. The slow collapse of the house system and the quick
collapse of the Wise Guys have sealed its fate, as few spirits that
know the Gift teach it to anyone not of the (non-existent)
house. However, it is included for those who wish to ignore the
‘official' setting, are playing a game set before its disappearance,
or to run a chronicle centered around its rediscovery.

The Gift allows the player to call upon the ancestor-spirits
of other tribes, provided they owed the Glass Walkers (or
historical incarnations) a favor before their death. The Gift
requires a Garou from the same tribe as the Ancestor spirit
being called to be present (the "guest"), and that Garou must
have the Ancestors background. The Gift is taught by any long-
lived spirit, such as a turtle- or elephant-spirit, and often a
similar spirit is called upon to bear witness to any agreements
made between the Glass Walkers and the ancestor-spirit.

System: The Garou spends one Willpower point and
rolls Gnosis. The difficulty is 10, minus however many dots
of Ancestors Background the guest possesses. If successful,
the summoned ancestor literally possesses his descendant,
and can negotiate the terms of repaying the debt.

The Central House used to maintain extensive records
of debts owed the tribe, employing vast amounts of resources
to research them from before the Wise Guys' time, and using
this Gift required a committee vote to summon one of the
debtors. While it was possible to use it without approval,
such misuse was strongly frowned upon. The player should
be allowed to create the original debt and debtor, though
there should bea reason the character knows about the debt.
This Gift also opens up a negotiation of the debt, not a
straight demand of service. If the favor requested is too
excessive, the Ancestor can refuse (Storyteller's discretion).

In addition, while this Gift can be used with an unwill-
ing guest, doing so is an excellent way to make an enemy.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and make a Static
Gnosis Challenge (difficulty is 10 minus levels of Ancestor
Background possessed by the target's descendant). If suc-
cessful, the summoned ancestor possesses his descendant to
talk about repaying any debts. This Gift is solely for negoti-
ating debt, not for outright demanding of service. This Gift
can be used on an unwilling "debtor," but the rancor it incurs
is generally not worth it. The Storyteller has final word on
what favors demanded are too excessive.

THe
The Little Ripe (Seatonal)

Level Three

See Chapter Two (p. 40) for more details on this rite.

System:After a full day of gift-giving, thé rivemaster
engages in a private ritual of prayer, frequently before an icon
of the sept totem. This is a rare ritual that can only be
performed by a single Garou, no more Garou may gather to
assist. The player rolls Charisma + Politics (difficulty 9).
Every success will grant a -1 difficulty bonus to all dealings
with all spirits associated with the Gifts given during the day.
This can be flexible; tipping the news paperboy $100 will
make money-spirits easier to deal with. This bonus applies to
all Garou in the caern for the test of the year. A failure
represents cordial acceptance of the rite for no bonus. A botch
here insults the caern totem; all dealings with all spirits in this
caern will be at +1 difficulty for the rest of the year.

MET: Attheendof the gift-giving, the ritemaster spends
time in prayer, then makes a Static Social Challenge against
eight Traits (retest with Politics). With success, the caern
totem grants blessings related to the gifts given — a well-
tipped trashman may mean better relations with trash-spirits
or money-spirits, while a generous donation to a church may
result in a potential place of refuge. The Storyteller should
come up with appropriate blessings based on the gifts given,
the amount of thought put into the effort, and any roleplaying
— this should not be a gimme for greedy players, and if the
caern totem believes that the gifting and prayers were grudg-
ingly given or insincere, the totem should respond in kind.

Nterwortaf Day (Seaovaf)

Level Two

See Chapter Two (p. 41) for more details on this rite.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty
6). If the roll is successful the spirit agrees to guard the
Memorial Hall for a year. If the roll is botched, the spirit
attacks all those gathered.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Rituals).
With success, the spirit guards the Memorial Hall fora year.

Promethean Daze (Seatovaf)
Level Two

See Chapter Two (p. 41) for more details. This aspect of
the rite refers to the second portion of the week. (All that is
necessary to ensure the success of the first portion is good food,

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 81

Mee See.

DEER

| <P ETDS STE ADT. Ee EG BS, TIRE Wet IE EA OE SE EPL IRAE IEEE,

wine and company.) The ritemaster supervises the assembled
Garou in their predictions and closes the week with a toast to
the sept's good fortune for the oncoming year. Afterwards,
everyone gathered bows their head in a moment's silence.
Sometimes this aspect of the rite is performed after other
seasonal rites, but delaying the rite so is rare.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals, difficulty
7. If a simple success is achieved, all participating Garou
recover all Willpower to face the new year. If three successes
are gained, one Garou also has a vision of a minor event in
the oncoming year. If five are gained, several Garou might
have minor visions, or one may have a vision of a very major
event indeed. This is left to Storyteller discretion.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Mental Challenge (re-
test with Rituals). With success, all Garou recover all
Willpower for the coming year. At Storyteller discretion,
some may have visions of minor events.

ty Farmers Rifat
242 of Cronth Wythe)

Level One

This rite isa remarkable backup measure for traditional City
Farmers, allowing them to cause plants to grow in strange
locations. The plants do not grow unusually quickly, butcan grow
in plastic, concrete or other unusual places, drawing nutrients
from the source. Three Garou are needed to make this rite work.

The ritemaster makes an indentation in the surface using
aclaw, and plants the seed of the plant into it. The three then
hold hands in a triangle around it, kneeling, and request the
spirit of the material that it nurture and care for the plant. Ifthe
spirit agrees, a small green shoot will appear immediately.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals. The difficulty
depends on the surface andarea. An abandoned lotis 5, atypical
city building is 7, an oil spill would be 9. Each success guarantees
the plant's survival for one month. After that as much regular
watering and care as for any other plant is required.

MET: Make a standard rites challenge, difficulty based
on the intended planting area. Success means the plant
survives for a month. Afterward, it requires water and care
like any other plant.

Dia Uppomae Roar
Zording Rie

Level One

This literally named rite is quite simple, but is abso-
lutely crucial to the entire camp's understanding of modern
Garou war tactics. The rite temporarily binds a number of
Kinfolk into a pack, asking the pack totem to accept them.

To perform this rite a length of surgical thread is passed
through the knuckles of one hand of each pack member and
prospective Kinfolk. Every Kinfolk must stand next to at least
one Garou, which means at least a third of the expanded pack
must be werewolves. In the gaps between each hand a steel
charm in the shape of a glyph is hung from the surgical thread.
The two ends of the thread are tied together to form a circle.

8

2 Recaro ee Re FORE GURAST L Sr eCTTLE w g oe rarenach real

pee

ee 1 alt Ra ATTA TDi Pa CO A

Following this the ritemaster recites a prayer to the pack totem
three times, speaking more incoherently each time. At the
conclusion of the last prayer, each member rips their hand away,
causing the surgical thread to rip through their skin. The thread
will remain embedded in the ritemaster's knuckles. She then
wears the ring of thread like a necklace. From now, she is the
lynchpin of the pack. If she dies, the effects of the rite vanish.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Leadership,
difficulty 6. All Kinfolk involved in the rite receive the
blessings of the pack totem exactly as the Garou do and may
take part in pack tactics with them. The Gift lasts for one
scene per success on the initial roll.

MET: The ritemaster makes a Social Challenge (retest
with Leadership). All Kinfolk in the rite receive the same
blessing from the pack totem as the Garou and may use pack
tactics with them. The effects last for one scene.

operas

Tofert of Raped
sco oan

Background Cost: 7

Though the Glass Walkers have largely fallen out of
Stourbridge Lion's favor, he's never fallen out of the Glass
Walkers'. Occasionally a pack impresses him enough that he
agrees to take them on as his own children.

Stourbridge Lion first became known to the tribe when the
locomotive of the same name was tested in 1829. He appeared to the
gathered Garou as a massive lion made from bolts, steel and steam,
and that is still the form he most commonly takes today. Occasion-
allyhealsoappearsasa massive train, andstill other timesasarugged
Wild West surveyor. As a bringer of food and water, he isa Totem
of Respect, a fact bolstered by his aid to other tribes during the Wild
West period. That he has overcome enough of the other tribes' fear
of technology to be respected is a testament to his power.

Traits: Stourbridge Lion believes in distinctive personality but
also in a firm sense of social responsibility, granting each pack
member an additional die of Charisma as well as teaching them +1
Etiquette, as well as lending some of his natural speed and strength
for +2 Athletics. Each pack member gains one Honor. Stourbridge
Lion's children can draw onan additional three Willpower per story.

Ban: Stourbridge Lion demands that his children never
use cars or motorcycles. He reluctantly allows his children to
use boats to head overseas, but disapproves of planes.

MET: Stourbridge Lion's children each receive the Social
Trait Charismatic, plus one level of Etiquette and two levels of
Athletics. They gain one Honor when they join with Stourbridge
Lion, and may draw on one additional Willpower per session.

Topems of Widow
The Monkey Xtog
Background Cost: 8

The Monkey King is an ancient spirit, favored by the
Boli Zouhisze but also popular among some Western packs.

Glass Walkers

iene

|


ii

ANNs ee

Hatched from a Stone Egg, this spirit was

originally not aking but merely a monkey,

albeit one made from stone. But the nature

i of Monkey was irrepressible, and soon he

one \y had studied under a Taoist wizard to learn
the 72 transformations.
tay Still notsatisfied, he confronted Heaven

and demanded an office, and when he was
HAS cheated into becoming a stable hand, he

&: ‘ -—— fought Heaven itself and was only de-

——~ feated when tricked by the Buddha. The
j —— __ KingofMonkeys. The Great Sage, Equal
~~ to Heaven. God of Victorious Strife.
iW ror O The Monkey King is both student and
‘ a "—__ warrior, both the tricksterand the tricked.
My aS He is a powerful totem, who champions
4 ( hg rebellion and learning.

x Traits: A stealthy escape artist, the Mon-
x key King teaches his students the Gifts Blur of the
Milky Eye and Open Seal, and they receive a -2
i difficulty bonus on all evasion or escape rolls. They may
also purchase Doppelganger as a Level 3 Gift, and may
learn Speed of Thought as though it was a Glass Walker
Gift. Having leamed under the Taoist wizard, the
Monkey King is an excellent teacher and his students
may purchase Abilities with one less experience point

than normal. (The minimum cost remains one.)
Ban: The Monkey King is a rebel spirit, and
demands that his students never stand for the
curtailing of another's freedom. Although he
allows for imprisonment of servants of the Cen-
tipede (Wyrm) he will not tolerate forcing a
spirit into servitude within a fetish. This also
includes human's rights, and he is fond of Glass
Walkers interested in political
~~ causes such as freedom of speech

or oppressed peoples.

The Monkey King also
never forgot the monkeys
whom he first ruled, his stu-
aes dents lose Honor if
as they abandon
os ® someone they
have _ be-
friended or

are respon-
wee Ps

if! sible for.
4, =

Monkey
King's chil-
dren gain the

Gifts Blur of
the Milky
Eye and
Open

to

83

as


cm eI AAD

Seal, and receive a two-Trait bonus on challenges to evade or
escape. They may learn Speed of Thoughtas if it were a tribal Gift.

Topert of War
CGathtog Boom-Boors

Background Cost: 8

Also known as Horus, Sekhmet, Nefertiri, Bishomon,
Shango, Huitzilipochtli, Ares, Athena, Mars, Minerva, Tyr,
or the Archangel Michael, the spirit of War is one of the
oldest and most feared ofall. She does not choose any but the
greatest of warriors as her children, and refuses to be dis-
obeyed. As well asa great warrior, she is a great tactician and
commander. The development of Dies Ultimae pleases her
greatly, and she is a popular totem with them.

Clashing Boom-Boom appears in many forms and ad-
justs her appearance to suit the age. In the modern
world she frequently appears as a stealth bomber
flying overhead, a cloud of gunpowder referred
to as "The Fog of War," a stern elderly
woman in crisp military attire or a young
woman wearing complex armor made of
Kevlar and hard plates in strange forma-
tion—an image of the future of warfare.

Traits: Clashing Boom-Boom's
children each gain two dice to their
Firearms and Melee Skills. No target
is ever impossible to hit, as long as it
can be seen; the maximum difficulty
for any roll involving weapons is 8.
Her children are also taught the art of
warfare, and instinctively know how
to properly use any weapon they hold.
Inaddition, she conveys some knowl-
edge of tactics: her children can
make untrained Leadership rolls
with no penalty, just as if Leader-
ship were a Talent. Clashing
Boom-Boom also ensures her
children's weapons never jam.

Ban: Clashing Boom-Boom
is a harsh mother to follow. As a
military commander, she is free to
issue orders and when she does
she expects to be obeyed. Refusing
a direct order can be grounds for
dismissal; acting against her or-
ders may be considered treach-
ery. She will fire upon traitors.

MET: Garou under
Clashing Boom-Boom each
gain two levels of Firearms
and Melee. So long as they
can see their targets, they
gain a two-Trait bonus on
ranged attacks. They also

84

gaina level of Leadership. Clashing-Boom-Boom's children's
weapons never jam, but they can still break.

O Mighty Dobe and Eay Cred

Background Cost: 4

O' Mighty Dolla' slowly grew with the American economy
from a Gaffling nickel spirit to a Jaggling quarter spirit until,
after World War 1, he emerged as 0' Mighty Dolla'. He takes
the form of an overweight, raucous man wearing a ten-gallon
hat, expensive "cowboy" suit and smoking Banes in a cigar.
Always clutching his bad knee but with a loud yell and smile,
he's been a mainstay of the American tribe.

Lately, however, he's had competition. Easy Credit, who
appears as a seductively beautiful young woman weating a
business suit, has started stealing away packs that might other-
wise have been adopted by ©' Mighty Dolla': Easy Credit is a
new spirit; noone can remember seeing her before 1995,andher
blessings are very similar to O' Mighty Dolla's. The two obvi-
ously have some connection, but no one is sure"what that is.

Both spirits clearly hate each other. 0' Mighty Dolla'
loudly curses his rival's name, whilst Easy Credit hidés her
own distaste under an enchanting laugh:

Traits: Both spirits offer the same benefitst6 packs they
adopt. (O' Mighty Dolla' calls his packs his ‘children;' Easy
Credit calls them her ‘clients**) All rolls involving,¢om-
merce have a -3 difficulty bonus, and all Garou with this
totem gain 2 dots of Resources.

Ban: O' Mighty Dolla' demands his children only use
American currency, a fact that means he never adopts 4 pack
outside of the United States. When not on American soil, he asks
that his powers should only be used to generate a profit. He is
adamantthat none of his children ever use credit cardsofany sort.

Easy Credit, by contrast, is international. Heridemand
is that her clients continue to generate a profit; they must
end each financial year with more money than they began
it. In addition, they may not use coins or paper money.

MET: Packs under either totem gain a three-Trait
bonus on challenges involving finance and business and two
levels of the Resources Background.

Fefithet

Fetishes in the Glass Walkers come in three forms. First are
regular fetishes, same as any tribe. Next are Cyberfetishes,
which are bionics or cybernetics implanted into the body,
which then have a spirit bound into them. They automatically
shift with the Garou and are nearly the sole domain of the
Cyber Dogs. Finally, Softwere are computer programs aug-
mented by binding a spirit into them. Each Softwere program
fits onto a single floppy disc. All fetishes use the same rules.

Regular Fitter
Air Higbpope

Level 1, Gnosis 2

It's gotta be the shoes! Invented after a rooftop chase
nearly went nasty, these basketball shoes allow the Glass

Danan re er area en re en

Walker to nearly float when jumping. The Glass Walker
adds two dice to any Athletics roll involving jumping. In
addition, he takes no damage from falls provided he can
make a Dexterity + Athletics roll (difficulty equal to the
number of stories fallen). They are bound with a Wind
Spirit, and can only be used in Homid or Glabro.

Ly Black Book

Level 3, Gnosis 6

A personal favorite of many a Corporate Wolf or other
contact-minded Glass Walker; this pocket-sized book con-
tains the phone number of every single mortal person on
Earth thathas one. It isall written in the owner's handwriting.
Curiously enough, a spirit of humor is bound into this fetish.

Crescent Moon Waferskin

Level 3, Gnosis 5

Still popular amongfemale Middle Eastern Glass Walkers,
this fetish'was used to disguise female warriors in jihad. A Rage
or war-spirit is bound into the waterskin. By pouring the water
onto herclaws, the Glass Walker gains the benefits of the Razor
Glaws'Gift. Alternatively, by pouring the water on a normal
blade she can allow it t6:do aggravated damage, or by drinking
itshe can immediately frenzy. Only one of these affects may be
in play at amy one time, and the effects last for a scene.
Firggs sre

Level 6, Gnosis 8

More than any other weapon, Glass Walkers love to turn
pistols into fetishes. Numerous variations on the fetish pistol
exist, howeyerone of the m6st famous of these is Fogg's 9mm.
According to legendy'Chicago detective Jackson Fogg made
it his life's work to bring Gianluigi Lucci down, and finally
found him on an abandoned waterfront with his pack around
him. Lucci taunted him for nearly an hour before Fogg
suddenly shot, and Lucci gasped as the sheer accuracy and
force of the blow from the handgun caught him completely off
guard, and he nearly died. His pack tore the policeman apart,
but his bravery had attracted a Wind Spirit that bound itself
into the gun, explaining the bullet's profound speed and
accuracy. Lucci used the gun himself until the day he died.

Any bullet fired from this unique fetish does aggravated
damage, and all Firearms rolls made using the gun are at -3
difficulty. Furthermore, for every turn spent immobile, without
changing the gun's aim, it adds two additional dice of damage.
A maximum of twenty dice of damage can be added in this way.

JSCom
Level 1, Gnosis 2

A favorite of Dies Ultimae, SpiComs are specialized
communication systems that employ the Umbra as a me-
dium. The system consists of a mouthpiece, earpiece and a
small metal box attached to the belt and wired to the
headpiece. Each SpiCom also has a pattern spider bound
into it. When someone talks into the mouthpiece, the
pattern spider records it and senses whom the message is for,
flying instantly to their SpiCom and delivering the message.

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 85

ee

SEEPS


pera arene sere Sa RTO OF ET on Famer)!

This setup means that a message can only be sent from one
person to another. In order to facilitate group co-ordination,
many packs prefer toconfigure their SpiComstocontactacentral
server, which then sends a pattern spider to every SpiCom.

Taxes Deboking Clear

Level 1, Gnosis 1

Particularly favored by Glass Walkers in Texas and
Georgia, this cup infers the Gift: Resist Toxin on whoever
drinks from it. However, the werewolf becomes intoxicated
as normal, suffering standard penalties; he is simply able to
handle more alcohol before passing out appropriately (and
is incapable of passing out inappropriately). Though the
glass always seems half-full, the Glass Walkers that tend to
have these fetishes seem anything but optimistic.

Cilerfotithat

More rules for Cyberfetishes, as well as other cybernet-
ics and technological devices can be found in the Book of
the Weaver. The following are specific Cyberfetishes.
Zoy Reformation Engloe

Level 4, Gnosis 7

Blatantly abusing the werewolf' ability to regenerate and
shapeshift, this complex system of nanotech grinders spread
throughout the Glass Walker's body deliberately destroys their
physical form whilst a hormonal injection stops regeneration
returning the body to its natural state but instead rebuilds the
body in its new state. By doing this, the Garou can extend limbs
out to ridiculous lengths, completely redesign their physical
shape (height, weight, etc.), turn their body into a single long
snakelike tube, or any other number of tricks.

igh Pitch Toansuttter

Level 1, Gnosis 2

The ear ofa wolfcan hearsounds much, much higher than
that of a human being. This Cyberfetish raises the Garou's
voice tone beyond the human range of hearing but within the
wolf range, allowing the Glass Walker to speak while remain-
ing inaudible to humans. Whilst this fetish may be used in any
form, only Garou in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus will hear the signal.

lortomal Rutorvat

Level 3, Gnosis 6

Sometimes, there justaren't enough bullets. This Cyberfetish
consists of a long metal tube that goes into the Glass Walkers
stomach through his side. This tube can then be inserted into a
specially-made firearm. Once the clip in the firearm is exhausted,
the Glass Walker can literally feed his own Rage or Gnosis into
the gun to reload it, one point for each full reload. The bullets are
formed and then stored inside the Glass Walker's stomach.

Joffwere
Hardware Virus

Level 1, Gnosis 3

As any technical support will tell you, a normal computer
virus can't infect hardware, only software. This is not a normal

virus. Bound with a pattern spider, this Softwere can and does
attach itself to hardware that is frequently used on many
computers (such as digital cameras), and destroys hardware that
is mostly used on one computer (such as monitors), in spectacu-
lar fashion. As a general rule, they explode. Damage done by
exploding printers is best left to the Storyteller to decide.

Security Soffer

Level 2, Gnosis 4

A basic search engine program outfitted with the spirit
of any urban bird, this program can be run on any security
camera system that involves a computer at some point. The
program can then be configured to look for anyone fitting a
specific description. The value of this program obviously
depends on how large the system is, on a government system
overseeing many public areas it can be profoundly efficient.

Wipsmate Search Engpoe

Level 4, Gnosis 6

While finding something on the Internet is best done
with anormal search engine, anything off the Internet should
be handled with this. This program, bound with a cockroach-
spirit, can find literally anything (so long as its location is in
the physical world) and display its location on a monitor. To
search, it rolls its own Gnosis with a difficulty set by the
Storyteller, depending om how difficult the object is to find.
Finding a misplaced wallets about difficulty 6; finding one of
the lost Talons of the vipuld be difficulty 10, if not
impossible. Asa result, thisis not¢onsidered the most reliable
Softwere on Earth, but if you're the kind of guy who keeps
forgetting whereshesptit his Glasses,"you'llove it.

Jo You Wana Be a Warder?

The Wardersare theologians, scholars, alchemists, mer-
chants, monks ahd nunsiii Medieval Barope. More informa-
tion about them can be found in Dark Ages: Werewolf.

Jo You Wapna Be
a Teproriaps

The Tetrasomians are the Glass Walkers' incarnation
in Renaissance Europe..\Gomprised of humanists, classicists,
scientists, artists and o¢eultists, the Tetrasomians possess

the same starting Willetstapetemckgcosad restrictions as
Glass Walkerses

Tepravotitan Cie

° Control, Simple Machine evel One) —
Glass Walket Gift.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

¢ Persephone's Soul (Level One) — As the Black Fury
Gift Breath of the Wyld, but taught by a plant spirit.

MET: Seé Laws of the. Wild.

° Tune ‘Orpheus (Level One) — Intrigued by the
Orphic mysteriesand patrons of Renaissance poetry and song,

Mia)

As the

86 Glass Walkers

—

mire


the Tetrasomians invented a Gift that distracted anyone who
heard them sing, play an instrument or recite poetry.

System: The Garou spends a point of either Rage or
Gnosis and makes a Wits + Performance roll. If successful,
everyone in the area will be forced to focus their attention on
the Tetrasomian. It does not mean that they are well inclined
toward the Garou, simply that they cannot ignore him.

MET: Spend a Rage or Gnosis Trait and make a Mental
Challenge (retest with Performance). With success, everyone
in earshot must focus theirattention on you. This does not work
like the Toreador Clan Disadvantage, whereby everyone stares
at you with dreamy smiles; they don't even have tolike you. But
they can't ignore you until you finish performing.

© Angel Tricks (Level Two) — As the Glass Walker
Gift Pennies from Heaven, but only turns silver pennies
(worth one twelfth of a shilling) into gold angels (worth ten
shillings). Difficulty is 8.

MET: As Pennies from Heaven, see above, with the
caveat that it will only turn silver pennies to gold angels.

 Hera's Fur (Level Two) — As the Glass Walker Gift
Steel Fur, but involving stone instead of metal and taught by
an Earth elemental.

MET: As Steel Fur, see above.

© Control Complex Machine (Level Three) — As the
Glass Walker Gift.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

¢ Elemental Favor (Level Three) — As the Glass
Walker Gift, but witha classical element rather than an urban
one — earth, fire, water or air. Over time, the Glass Walkers'
version of this Gift evolves into the modern variant.

MET: See Laws of the Wild, but choose a classic
element.

© Doppelganger (Level Four) — Asthe Glass Walker Gift.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

¢ Fury of Zeus (Level Four) — As the Level three Glass
Walker Gift Electroshock, however the target does not have
to be touching a conductive surface or the Tetrasomian.

MET: As Electroshock, above, but you need not touch
the target nor must he touch a conductive surface.

© Judgment of Hades (Level Five) — Adopting the
calm mantle of Hades, the Tetrasomian learns to develop a
rigid discipline even in the most powerful hold of Rage.

System: Once this Gift is learned, it is always active.
The Tetrasomian can voluntarily enter berserk frenzy but
can maintain limited control within it. He can choose to use
melee weapons other than claws and fangs, and may choose
his targets. He still cannot leave frenzy (or the battle) until
the battle is resolved and may not employ ranged weapons.
If the Tetrasomian falls into the Thrall of the Wyrm, this
Gift no longer can protect him.

MET: Once this Gift is learned, it is always active. You
can voluntarily enter berserk frenzy and maintain some
control while in it. You can choose your targets and may use
melee weapons, but you cannot exit frenzy or the battle until

Sree sare rs errant Nes aes

the battle is done, and you may not use ranged weapons. This
Gift ceases if you fall into Thrall of the Wyrm.

° Perfect Balance of Soul (Level Five) — As the Glass
Walker Gift Chaos Mechanics.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

Jo You Wrrna Ee

an Iron Ryigjer?

The Iron Riders a e the Glass Walkers' incarnation in
Wild West Americaand mid-19th ¢entury Europe. A collec-
tion of slightly mad scientists, railroad barons, engineers, me-

chanics and surveyots, the Iron possess the same starting
Willpower and Background restrictions as Glass Walkers.

MET: Formore ) . tthe Iron Riders and the
Garou in eee: of the Wyld West.

manipulate rope by merely hi lc
itself into a noose or any nut

one rope at a time.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait and touch the rope.
The rope then obeys your commands until you let go of it.

© Sense Weaver (Level One) — As the Metis Gift:
Sense Wyrm, but detecting Weaver spirits rather than
Wyrm spirits and rolling Perception rafts instead.

MET: As Sensé/Wyim (see Laws ofthe Wild), but
retest with Crafts. Like Sense Wyrm, i only general
impressions, and is not useful as a homing device. Many
crafted items beat something of the Great Weaver.

© Well-Oiled Running (Level One) — As the Dies
Ultimae Gift.

MET: As Well-Oiled Running, above.

© Iron Claws (Level Two) — The Garou's claws
transform to sharp iron talons.

System: The Garou spends one Rage point and puts his
claws to an iron object. For the rest of the scene his claws do
one extra die of damage, and aggravated damage to change-
lings or other fae. If a creature does damage when it is
attacked (such as a fomor with acidic skin), the Garou gains
three extra soak dice to resist such damage.

MET: Spend a Rage Trait and touch your claws to an
iron object. For the rest of the scene, your claws inflict an
extra level of damage and cause aggravated damage to
changelings or fae (see The Shining Host, for the exact
effects of iron on changelings). If the target of your attack
inflicts damage during the attack (a creature with acidic
skin), you gain two extra Healthy health levels.

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 87

ES aan rans

SN

i
|

Seren ere even ere nara cae are ars ser arene wren areca)

Iron Coat (Level Two) — As the Gift: Steel Fur.

MET: As Steel Fur, above.

© Pulse of the Railroad (Level Two) — By placing her ear
against a railroad track, the Iron Ridercan hearanythinghappen-
ing anywhere along the rail. An Iron Spirit teaches the Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Science. Diffi-
culty is based on how far away the sounds to be heard are,
beginning at 4 within 20 miles and increasing by one for
every ten miles beyond that to a maximum of 10. The more
successes gained, the clearer the sound heard.

MET: Make a Mental Challenge (retest with Science).
Success grants you the ability to hear sounds along the rail
for up to 10 miles from you.

¢ Lightning Rage (Level Three) — As the Glass
Walker Gift Electroshock.

MET: As Electroshock, above.

Repel Metal (Level Three) — With a mere gesture,
the werewolf can use magnetism to send all ferrous metals in
his area flying.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Strength + Science, difficulty 7. All ferrous metal objects
within 30 feet of the Rider fly 20 feet in the opposite direction.
For every success rolled the Rider can repel objects of up to 5
pounds. If the object is in someone's grasp, they may hold onto
it by succeeding in a resisted Strength test with the Rider.

MET: Spend a Gnosis Trait and make a Physical Chal-
lenge (retest with Science). With success, a gesture will throw
all ferrous metal objects within 30 feet of you in the opposite
direction or will repel ferrous metal objects up to five pounds.
To wrestle something out of someone's hands (or for them to
hang onto it), make a Physical Challenge.

© Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the Homid Gift.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

* Double Walker (Level Four) — As the Glass
Walker Gift: Doppelganger.

MET: See Laws of the Wild.

© Gift of the Iron Horse (Level Four) — When
standing between railroad tracks, the Iron Rider can draw on
the strength of Stourbridge Lion.

System: Once learned, the Gift is always active. When-
ever the Garou is touching or between railroad tracks, she
canrunat double speed without tiring, and gains an extra die
to all her Physical Attributes. A few modern Glass Walkers
are attempting to adapt this all-but-lost Gift to highways.

MET: Once learned, this Gift is considered to be always
active. You must be touching or between railroad tracks.
This allows you to run at double your normal speed without
tiring, and you gain three bonus Physical Traits (these
vanish when you step off the tracks).

© Calm the Flock (Level Five) — When activated, the
Iron Rider does not evoke the Curse or the Delirium in
humans, even while in Crinos form. This Gift is taught by
a dog-spirit, or any other domesticated animal spirit.

8

a

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge
(Difficulty 7). Each success maintains the Gift for one hour.

MET: Make a Social Challenge (retest with Subter-
fuge). For one hour, you do not cause the Delirium or evoke
the curse in normal humans, even if you're in Crinos form.

© Quell the Storm (Level Five) — The Iron Rider can
banish Umbral Storms and attack Wyld spirits by barraging
them with the power of the Weaver.

System: The player spends two Gnosis and rolls Gnosis
(difficulty 8). The number of successes determines how
effective it is. One success might dispel an Umbral Breeze or
slow a strong Wind, five might still a hurricane. If used
against Wyld Spirits, the difficulty is equal to the spirit's
Gnosis and does damage of three Essence per success.

MET: Spend two Gnosis Traits and make a Gnosis
Challenge. Success means you can dispel an Umbral storm
froma breeze to a thunderstorm. If used against Wyld spirits,
the Gift inflicts three Essence worth of damage.

Je You nwa Be
a &0h Lovbtice?

The Boli Zouhisze are the Chinese members of the Glass
Walker tribe. Over time, they have been everything from crafts-
men, warriors and farmers of Pre-Dynastic China to the business-
men, geomancers and thugs and arms dealers of today. Since they
are defined by location rather than time period, the following is
aset of unique Gifts (and one slightly altered Gift) appropriate to
all time periods for the tribe. They should also be allowed to use
any appropriate Glass Walker Gifts from the period.

Lol Zoubiee life

© Sheng-Nong's Eyes (Level One) — The Boli Zouhisze
can see from the perspective of his tools and draw on their
concentration for the task at hand, allowing him to perform
multiple actions with ease. While this was originally used to wield
two swords with equal dexterity, any tools can be used; even the
werewolf own hands countasa "tool." Many of the Boli Zouhisze
are particularly fond of using this Gift with a pistol in each hand,
taking perfect aim at separate targets in quick succession. Others
enjoy employing it to fend off multiple minor enemies with their
bare hands whilst never taking their eyes off their main foe. Either
a monkey spirit or a spirit of war teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis to receive an
extra action. In addition to this, the Garou need not be able
to see his opponent in order to attack her. No visibility
modifiers affect his actions while this Gift is in effect.

MET: Spend one Gnosis to activate this Gift, and
receive an extra action. This effect lasts for one turn only.

¢ Fu Xi's Honor (Level Two) — When confronted with
athreat toa helpless member of the Garou's family or pack, the
Boli Zouhisze can rise above her normal limits to defend them.
The spirit of any animal that mates for life may teach this Gift.

Glass Walkers

———E—————E


System: The Storyteller must agree that the member of
the Garou's family or pack is indeed helpless and unable to
defend himself. Note that with rare exception, any, human
facing a werewolf should be considered helpless. If the
Storyteller agrees, the player may spend one Rage and add
one die to all her character's Physical Attributes for every
point of permanent Honor the character possesses for the
duration of the scene.

MET: Spend one Rage and add a bonus Physical Trait
for each permanent Honor the character possesses. This lasts
for the rest of the scene.

¢ Yao's Commands (Level Three) — As the Level
Three Glass Walker Gift Elemental Favor. When this Gift
is taken, the Boli Zouhisze must choose to be able to
command Eastern elementals (water, wood, fire, earth and
metal) or urban elementals. The character may néver com-
mand elementals of the other group.

MET: See Laws of the Wild-fér Elemental Favor, and
select which type of elementals to command (traditional
Eastern, as described above, or urban). Once chosen, you
may never command elementals of the other type.

¢ Yu's Endurance (Level Four) — Yu was given the
tremendous task of protecting Ancient(China,against the
Yellow River flooding, so exhausting a task that none but he
could do it. Like Yu, anyone with this Gift cannot be
defeated in a test of endurance. A mountain goat-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Boli Zouhisze spends one Rage and one
Willpower. For the rest of the scene, any task involving
Stamina cannot be failed. Torturers can never break him;
though he can't breath underwater and his lungs may fill
with water, he will not die. The only exception to this is
soaking damage. While this Gift is active, the Boli Zouhisze
is guaranteed to always soak at least one level of damage, but
otherwise takes damage normally.

MET: Spend one Rage and one Willpower Trait each.
For the test of the scene, you gain three bonus Stamina-
related Physical Traits, and when taking damage, you suffer
one level less, but otherwise take the rest normally.

© Huang Di's Sacrifice (Level Five) — Whilst Huang
Di was known for his inventions, he was also the Yellow
Lord and a great leader. Normally used by the pack's alpha,
this Gift allows a leader to 1 evitalize his followers in mo-
ments of darkness. This Giftis taught by only one spirit, who
lives at the foot of Bull Mountain and cries eternally. It
resembles nothing, and only teaches the Gift at sunrise.

System: The Boli Zouhisze spends two points of Gnosis
and rolls Stamina + Leadership (difficulty 8). Each success
allows one packmate to heal a number of health levels (even
aggravated) equal to the number of successes rolled.

MET: Spend tW6!Gnosis Traits and make a Physical
Challenge (retest with Leadership). Sticcess allows apackmate
to heal as many levels of damage (including aggravated) as
she has levels of Leadership.

Chapter Three: Corporate Headhunting 89

ae

eR

fp in sb in nia rab ening


Weare an intelligent species and the use of our intelligence quite
properly gives us pleasure. In this respect the brain is like a muscle.
When it is in use we feel very good. Understanding is joyous.

— Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain

Ever since the dawn of time, the tribe of Cockroach has
always found itself set apart from the rest of the Garou
Nation. By walking in the cities rather than the wilderness,
they drew the distrust of those Garou that believed that a
werewolf's place, like a wolf's, was in the wilderness. As
humanity spread further and further and began sculpting
their environment more and more drastically, the Glass
Walkers reaped a good deal of mistrust on the humans'
behalf. But still they persevered, strong in the belief that the
Weaver was as much a potential ally as the Wyld, and that
their human side was just as important as their wolf side
(and, regrettably, more so). But now there's a chance that
things have gone too far. The rest of the tribes are now
calling the Weaver as much enemy as the Wyrm; untangling
the Wyrm's coils might not be enough to save Gaia.

The eyes of the Garou Nation are fully on the Glass
Walkers. Some say that the tribe is on the brink of falling to
the Weaver justas the White Howlers fell to the Wyrm. Some
evensay thatit'salready happened. There's an unholy amount
of pressure on the Glass Walkers to justify their choice to walk
in the cities, blending man's science and the Weaver's tools
with Gaian shamanism. They have to prove that they made
the right decision, and they have to do it quickly.

But there's still a chance. The brightest minds of the
tribe are very bright indeed, and their warriors are as deadly
as any other tribe's. The Glass Walkers' constant focus on
the future has made them quite capable of planning ahead,
of rising to meet upcoming challenges. These are dangerous
times, and it'll be tricky to adapt — but adapting is what the
Glass Walkers do best.

Chapter Four: Dossiers 91

"|, "egmpetieauapanan ignatius emcee

Reco

Quote: Yeah, I see him. Filthy bastard. You know, I'm pretty close to these guys hanging from here, are you sure they won't see me?
I could probably take him out with my pistol... well, that's true; they could probably hit me too if I didn't get out fast enough. But can I try?
Prelude: Nothing screws up a perfectly planned burglary like old-fashioned going psycho and turning into a raging

as often as possible. You didn't want that to mean living on the street, and theft seemed a hell of a lot more attractive
than prostitution. So you started stealing things. From pockets, or supermarkets. Or from homes. Or from rich
\_ people's homes. You slipped up now and then, and had to run like hell every once ina while, but the police never
got you and you slowly became convinced they never would. You were unstoppable, and it started being less a
means of making money, and became a challenge.

Soneedless to say, you were more than slightly angry when you were caught carrying out a big gold something,
) which certainly looked expensive enough. It was enough to set you off, and once the Rage lifted and you looked
around at the corpses, you were reduced to tears. When a bunch of monsters came in and dragged you out of there,
you barely even responded. But somehow, that invincibility belief stayed intact. You were shaken enough to listen and
accept the incredible things you were told, and strong enough to bounce back and help out covering your own tracks.

It was an impressive display by everyone's account, including a soft-spoken woman that suggested your
impressive talents of intrusion could be made even better, and put to other uses. They also promised acceptance,
friendship and even the family you never had, which is what sold you. Soon, you'd stopped taking VCRs and
started taking surveillance photos.

Concept: In short, you're a spy, armed with video recording gear, your own wits and perfect stealth. But
you're not just a sneaky shadow, your new friends knew better than to train you in only one area. You're also
adept at going undercover and gaining information whilst hidden in plain sight. Whatever needs to be known,
you'll learn it, and tell the right people.

Roleplaying Hints: A childhood of physical and emotional abuse has given you a certain fatalistic bent
about your ownsafety, hey, if you're going to die, it'll happen no matter what. Be more than brave; be downright
foolhardy and go to absurd lengths to complete a mission. But when you're not out in the field, you change
completely and show a devotion to your pack, Garou and Kinfolk alike, which endears you to a lot of people.
These are your family. You love them.

Equipment: Binoculars, ropes, night vision goggles, infrared scanners, and the all-important camera.

"Criss ae

PY Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name: fa
GY® Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem: fa \
Ze Chronicle Camp: Dies Ultimae Concept: Recon
4

me MN fp fl fat mame nemeeleo

Physical Sechaf Mental,
Scrength, 0000 Charisma. ©0000 Perception. 99080
Dexterity. e000 Ma Hon. O00 Intelligence
‘Stamina, @@@00 Appearance_ @0000 | (Wits eee0

ALAM iia mre anvetiflore

Tabeoke
Alertness__Details @@0 = Animal Ken___00000 Computer. 00000
. 00000 90000

90000 90000
@0000 La —_—00000

| ly 4 pa @@000 20000
| ) E. Leadership. 00000 Medicine. 00000
1 i Occult, 00000
" 1 @0000 Pe a
etwite__@0000
5 ‘ PS 00000 vival 90000
uy LL, Adlvantaget ewmacmrememi ow"
Contacts ____eeooo Persuasion __ SS AT
i RC Resources _eeooo Blurof the MilkyEye 0
: Totem _______eoooo Skyscraper Vision _ pti saltod
| } 90000,

i j Hi 00000 — —

, et ff toe Li

: Renown Rage Health

Glory Bruised

eo0v000000, SPCO900000 i 1

000000000 9900000000 injured 1

tonar ae ae Wounded 2

COCOA MOCO CnGO000000  ‘Gepeli \-s
0000000000 Cy Thal Weakinapt tee
BP 2799999999 6600000000  caxvorrecanaxosis

4 ——4imi——& gogoggggag —~ NME WILDERNESS

Q0Q00000000 : -
Wisdom Qg9900009000 incapacitate

coooooce

ea —
92 Glass Walkers

a


Vinfure Optra

Quote: Listen, I can get you your money, but at least make it look
like you're trying to make money on this proposal. Every now and again
I need to defend my decisions to the investors.

Prelude: Sometimes you really feel out of place. Your parents
only came to this country thirty years ago, and you were the first
member of your family to go to college. That was both a frustration
and a blessing. While the pressure to succeed was very strong and
sometimes smothering, you were never short of family support. You
failed afew subjects, but you finally graduated studying economics,
and planned to work for a broker.

That's when it happened. You were out celebrating your
graduation with friends, and one of them had been trying to pick
up on a girl in the club all night. Eventually she turned to leave, he
raised a hand... And after that you can remember nothing.

It was days before you finally picked yourself up again, even
with the sept's help. When you finally came to terms with your new
world, you were about to continue on with your planned job when
you suddenly had a different idea. Once you asked your new friends
to pull a few strings, you'd gotten a better job than you'd ever
dreamed of, and one where you could do some good besides.

Concept: Nine out of every ten new businesses fail. Venture
capitalists, people who invest rich people's money in new busi-
nesses or inventions, are thus expected to fail nine times out of ten.
But you have an edge that most don't, and a little insider trading
with Easy Credit pays off huge dividends. By guaranteeing one
business' success, you open up nine other budgets that you can
covertly give to the sept, without the promise of a single dollar
returned. And by guaranteeing two, you ensure eight even bigger
budgets to spread around. It didn't take you long to become a little
money-spinner for the sept.

Roleplaying Hints: You may work for a profit with people,
but never with the spirits. Every day you pay proper tribute to the
spirits that help you (with adapted Islamic prayers) and aren't
stingy with your sacrifices. Treat them well, and they'll treat you
well, you reason. Similar logic applies to your friends as well, and
it's a matter of pride for you to pay for anything small they need.
Your family isa different story; you've still not talked to them since
you Changed. Where would you begin?

Equipment: Palm with too many meetings to make, wallet,
business cards and a gun. Just in case.

"Criss Re

So

0000) Charisma_ 20000 Perception. #8000
@@000 = Manipulation, aeeoo Intelligence. #8800
©0000 Appearance. Witea cs 8000
SLM fet memmnrnremrcoe

Tabeoke
Alertness___@0000 Animal Ped _00000 EI, @0000
Athletics_____ 900000  Crafts___ 0000 — Enigmas. #0000
@0000 Drive____@0000 _ Investigation, 20000
90000 Etiquette. 20000 Law 0000
@0000 Firearms. 00000 _ Linguistics, @0000

90000 90000

00000 Melee. 00000

99909999000 6680000000  caxnorrecaNcnoss

— Ponk——* 9090909900000 IN THE WILDERNESS
Lana a

Chapter Four: Dossiers

eee

PT Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem: fa)
Zz Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Venture Capitalist
Fn Se Le ie ae
Plea! Soe? Mente

Primal-Urge____@0000 _ Performance, 8000 Politics____00000
Streetwise. ©0000 — Stealth 00000 Rituals 90000
Subterfuge —eee00 Survival 00000 Science. 00000
AA Ade Saget
Backgrounds fe Gjfe
Contacts ____eeeco Py i _ a Eee
Resources ___eeeoo Spirit Speech
Rites e000 ControlSimpleMachine 20
Totem @@000 =
00000 x
Lf ths arma
Remon: Rage Heath
Glory Beuised Q
6800060000 2220008808 Hurt 1 a
8000000000 9900000000 injured are)
Maul 2
jucauodeas @e©00000000 = § Crippled 5
Wisdom 9900000000 ___ Ineapacitated a
e@ee0000000 Spenser. — Thal We

bmn


a lid he

Former G-toan ies
LASS GS
Quote: The polygraph measures a lot of different things,
Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
actually. Very accurate. Oh, I forgot to tell you. Sarah found three At ee Rok teas
hairs in the lobby, and their lengths suggest they were froma Crinos. gy Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Former G-man
Which is very odd, isn' tit? First question: Do you stand by your story? A 7
Prelude: Strictly speaking, you weren't really suited for Serength__"_ee000 Charisma
z ; Dexterity e000 Manipulation 20000. Incellige 22000
the job anyway. You'd been out of college for a year, Law degree Searing 0000 Appearance__@@000 Wis eee00
in hand, without even a hint of a job prospect. A position a — Nil (Gl a
opened up in the local FBI Field Office for an Intelligence Alermness pence, Anan Ke ates "eee pleas
nig 7 Athletics___@0000 S. 90000 &: @0000
Research Specialist, and you successfully applied. It was an Beal 0000 _ Drive 0000 eeee0)
‘Sin: lias ‘ Fr : Dade 00000 : ‘00000 (@0000
office job, nothing like the films. After a year of it, something Eapechy 0000 Firearms 0000 0000
., de 18) * " Expressi h
in you wanted to make it like in the films, so you took the next ea bee Maes een
step and applied to become a special agent, did your sixteen Ba ae conte) gate sae ineete as Bek ee Te eae
weeks of trainin, ot an assis ment. ‘Subterfuge. 0000 Survival. 0000 Science. #0000
ve a AA Advanpage
A few months down the track, the reason for that constant ‘ fe Gf
; ; Contacts feeeoo Persuasion
need for adventure made itself clear when you had your First RecieIEM Soak, See ee
Change at the age of twenty-seven. Everything coo00 Trick Shot
fell apart. Just when you'd gotten an idea of —_.0000 z 2
where your life was going, it shifted in a = tamer ermarennrmrvemn ar
way you never considered possible. But Glory cee Bruised a
| if O080OD0000 Sere tO" Tox i. Oo
you got hold of yourself and asked a 000000000 9900000000 iniwa 1 a
simple question: How can I use what 1 VY ca Herat S66 So ne) ata
know for Gaia? Lye = enannagognpice eel 2.00.9:0.0.. Cred wd
i a pean Qoogg00000 — Iesecitard
Now, you're applying your skills to (7 iS 900000000 Mifposur Thal Naabnaty te
be the best Philodox you can be. You use 999999999 eee0e00000 _ caxvorrtcaNanoss
= 4 1 Rk QOgDOOOOOO —— NTHEWILDERNES
a combination of technology, interroga-
tion and the research skills you spenta year =r
honing to gain information on yoursept's ing you the sept's Internal Affairs — you
enemies as well as offenders within fight a damn good war against the
your sept. Wyrm— you do know that an
y y y
Concept: You're an investigator, group is best when
trained by the best your country has to \ everyone's playing the same
offer. While you'll throat anyone call- game. As such, you've de-
veloped a passion for mak-
ing sure that everyone in
your sept is straight, honest,
and plays by the Litany.
Roleplaying Hints: Feel
free to comment that really,
Ward was a better man than
Anderson. You're astickler for

the rules, but you hold yourself to
the same high standard as you hold
everyone else. People hate having
someone around to keep them in

4 line, but you're not here to win friends,
yi

Za ou're here to win a war. And when

you're out fighting it, maybe you can

see the virtue in bending the rules a

‘] bit, but you'll be quick to observe
every action has its reaction.

\ Equipment: Polygraph, a

i) desk with at least five folders on

itat any one time, regula-
tion sidearm.


Quote: Get back here! Don't go down that street. Do I have to tell
you what happened to the last guy who went down that street? Don't go
down that street.

Prelude: You were just another wolf born in the wilderness.
You played with other cubs, but wrestled them to the ground too
easily. Besting the rest of your pack seemed so easy that you hardly
believed there was a time when you weren't alpha. When you
Changed, it wasn't a surprise. Well, a little, perhaps.

Life as a Garou cub was much the same. You were better than
the other cubs and easily humiliated the two-legged ones, particu-
larly enjoying the way the male ones got disgusted at being beaten
by a feral bitch. But the enjoyment passed. Certainly, there were
others there you couldn't beat, but you would one day. They told
you you'd be a great storyteller, but you felt like you knew every
story already!

Then, in your Rite of Passage, you got sent off to the city.
They'd told you to kill someone, but the moment you saw the city,
you stopped caring. The city frightened you. Puzzled you. All the
tules were different, nothing made sense. For the first time, you felt
uncertainty. And you liked it.

You never went back home. Instead you found more like you
in the City and forced them to accept you, instead, which they
seemed to do gladly. Not that they were perfect, either. They were
all apes, clumsy and slow and with no idea about how the mirror
worlds worked. But then, that's where you fit in. You didn't need
machines to explore the strangeness of the city's Umbra, and four
paws tread the pattern web better than two.

There area million stories in the city. You intend to find every
last one.

Grass

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Galliard

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

@eeeee0000
st Pk —= 9000000000

‘CANNOT REGAIN GNOSIS
IN THE WILDERNESS

wats

ww a a

Pes) RG TY ELON AEE PRET TO ee

fa i ai
Zz Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Urban Umbral
Explory
A Le Ar ibufap wenmemnvmnailod
‘Strength__ 00000 Charisma, Perception___@@@00
Dexterity. 0000 = Manipulation___@0000 beg Ce mg
Scmina_____@@@00 Appearance______@@000 Wits___
ALi fp mennemnnmlot
Val
Alertness, serch Timlin Vseccg Cates 00000
Athletics. 20000 Crafts, 00000 — Enigmas.
Baw... @@o00 Drive. 00000 _ Investigati
Dodge. @@000 = Eriquerre, 00000 Law,
Empathy_ 00000 Firearms 00000 Linguistica 00000
Expression. 00000 Leadership. @0000 Medicine_____00000
Intimidation. @@000 Melee. 00000 Occult, 00000
Primal-Unge__ @@@00 Performance______00000 _Politics_________00000
Streetwise. pacoed ‘Seealth. 90000 Rituals, #0000
Subterfuge. Survival_______@@@00 Science_______o9000
mas i Adenngat ae, Z
Eetish 99000 Hore'sbech —_——_—__—___
Rites eeeoo Heightened Senses ="
coo000 = Mindspeak (
ooo0o = Skyscraper Vision 2 \
00000
— an Jiloe
Renonn Rage Aadbth \
Glory Bruised Q
:0'0.0,0/0.0.0.. Be 80 0 C1900 Hurt 1 0
9990900090 99999909900 injured 1 9
Honor —__—<ferp———«a —- Wonded 02
9000000000 geeee00000 Gm 3 a
a9099000090 eben! a
Wisdom 9900000000 _!ncapecitan
@000000000 Sipe —Tithel We
g099000000

Concept: The real wilderness is just too soft. All the chal-
lenges that demand the attention of a wolf are in the urban jungle,
so why is it all apes in there? They all spend their time in the world
of cars and money or maybe step over once or twice in their caern.
They've barely even scratched the surface of the City. You intend
to dig into its entrails a little.

Roleplaying Hints: You're adapting to being, for once in your
life, someone other than the
alpha. Respect that you now
have to follow orders some-
times, but snap out sometimes
and don't apologize for it.
Shove your nose into every
nook, cranny, secret and
personal relationship and
remember it all for later.
It's all important.

Equipment: Some \
borrowed clothes for 7 - *
when youneed them, @& NEN ) 0
afew steaks bought iii! ~
foryou(Theone /, iH
thing wrong ny

with the city is ¢ Fi
the food.) and ne ys
a spot on the \\ A

caern's floor

where you can
sleep. } !


a A"

selon

The Sie Mfpon Dofar ufe

Quote: They made me strong, fast, and whole. Now, I can fight
for Gaia. Tell me again why they should all die.

Prelude: You were born with every bone in your body
broken. Gaia cursed the bones knitted of incest and made them
break under even the slightest pressure. You were unable to stand,
move and barely even to eat. Every bite shattered your teeth, and
you cried in pain as they healed again. The caern wanted to put
you out of your misery, but your father knew a man that could
help. This man had no reason to help — he and your father hated
each other — but neither wanted to see you die.

my 3

So the man got to work. He bound snake-spirits into
titanium bars and bound the bars into your bones. He replaced
your teeth and claws with metal and your easily snapped sinews
with silicon. When you were ready, he stood by you for a year and
a day to train you and build up your muscle until you were as
strong and powerful as anyone else. But all this while, you heard
the stories. People like this man, this healer, were being hunted
as demons across the continent. The thought of this made you
burn with anger.

Now, you're a new person. Not only are you determined to
save Gaia, but also to prove that the way forward is not evil, to the
very tribe who perpetually say they advance.

Concept: You're an advocate of the Cyber Dogs, living proof
that they can do good in the world. The news that they killed ten
Garou shocked you, but you observed that the rest killed twiceas 7
many Cyber Dogs. You won't rest until they're an accepted
part of Glass Walker society. Meanwhile, you revel in VW
your newfound strength and the many deadly
tricks under your skin.

Roleplaying Hints: You've been
born again, and in far more literal a
way than any shrieking Chris-
tian. Every time youstand up in -
the morning, shake your head
in wonderat the strength of
your legs. Shake with Rage
whenever anyone suggests ! Ge
this is wrong. Show im- |
mediate caring instinct

96

"Cor sss

Ln
RS

Name: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Cyber Dogs Concept: $6 Million Mule
As Attelbuper aamemer-oveeual
Physheal JSoeief
Serength_ ee0e0 Charisma @0000 Perception. 28000
Dexterity. 20000 = Manipul ©0000 _Intelligence____@@000
Stamina____.m.m__@@@00 —Appearanc 20000 Wits #28000
arr EH AI, enero ae
Tahewtt
Alermess. @@000 = Animal Teed 0000 Comp: se #8000
Athletics 0000 Crafs_____00000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl 20000) Drive. 0000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge_ 90000 = Etiquette. 00000 Law. 009000
Empathy_______00000 _ Firearms_ {@@000 Linguistics 00000
Expression. 90000 — Leadership___ @@000 Medicine, 0000
Intimidation. 00000 Melee. 00000 00000
Primal-Urge______@@000 _ Performance 00000 #8000
Streetwise 00000 _ Stealth —__ee000 0000
Subterfuge. 00000 — Survival. 00000 00000
ALL, (Adkinmpegat
Suckgroundt Gf
Fetish __eeeee Prisca — (ee ‘Siena
Resources oooo Inspiration __
00000 Diagnostics ==
00000
00000 ae
ASS ham A
Renown Rage Health
Glory Bruised Q
ee00000000 * Sr ieee 1 a
9o000000090 89999090000 injured To)
Honor cath - cone 2 9
ae eae ©000000000 Crippled 5
2900900000 ___ Ineapacitated a

Wisdom
0000000000 WN iponer tee
g900000000 ©0000

Aei——- goQ90000000

My), oe

to anyone in need, though, you
remember how it feels.

— Trthal Neaknast ee

CANNOT REGAIN GNOSIS
IN THE WILDERNESS

bene

Equipment: An assault
rifle hooked to a Personal Re-
serves fetish, large combat
knife, .45 pistol, thirteen
photographs of your fa-
ther and your builder,
carefully kept in an
album.

METIS DE-
FORMITY: De-

/\} pendent on tech-
//\ nology. Asimple
y success using Jam

Technology
or Control
Complex
Machine
completely
immobi-
lizes you.

Glass Walkers

ee 2 yy onal

x


.

and Rerwetiber
Carbilyl Lcd

One of, ifnot the most influential Glass Walker of the 20th century,
Gianluigi Lucci dominated the Wise Guys while he was alive, and under
his guidance the Wise Guys dominated the tribe more powerfully than
their successors ever have. Born in the overcrowded West Side of
Chicago in 1895, Lucci was brought up in the anti-Semitic beliefs of his
family and Catholic neighbors, and by twelve was already a part of an
Italian street gang. His First Change in 1908 was ina clash with a Jewish
street gang in the area, he slaughtered both gangs in the process.

Making the most of a bad situation, Lucci formed a pack of three
Italian Glass Walkers in the city and modeled them on the street gang he
used to belong to, keeping the same territory as before. This kept them under
the police's radar, since they thought these were just the same guys they
already kept good tabs on, as opposed toa new group needing investigation.
But this tactic also made them available to infamous Mafia figure Johnny
Torrio, and his involvement would indirectly create the Wise Guys.

As the Wise Guys began their ascent into Glass Walker history,
Lucci began searching for a deeper meaning to his success. It had all
seemed too random and convenient for him, and this gifted young
Theurge spent weeks in the Umbra at a time while his pack handled
his worldly affairs. Every time he'd come back with new knowledge
and old Gifts that no one had heard of in decades, or even centuries.
But he never returned with an answer that satisfied his craving for
personal meaning, a craving that only grew stronger when the Wise
Guys linked up with Al Capone and gained dominance in the tribe.

\\)\ neti

RN Nn

In desperation he would return to the faith of his childhood, but by
this stage those who knew him knew he was burning out.

He would never again be the jesting tough of his early childhood,
but became more cynical and sadistic as the years went by, a fact that
never stopped his pack from being one of the genuine legendary packs
of the tribe. In addition to clashing with (and defeating) some of the
greatest threats the Wyrm had to offer in the cities, he locked horns
with famous human lawmen, including a brief clash with Elliot Ness.

Lucci finally did burn out in 1960 at the age of 65. Even then,
he clung to life with a ferocious determination and lived to an age
of 103. Some wonder what fear of death the man had and what
demons (personal and real) he faced in life, but there's no question
that he made the tribe what it is today. Few would recommend
trying to emulate Lucci, but there's not a personality in Glass
Walker history that can match him.

Keon iysfon

Had Kleon Winston been around in the 1920s, he'd probably have
wound up in the Wise Guys, and New York's Mafia might have
dominated Chicago's as a result. He's simply that good at networking
and forging connections. As it was, he was around in the '90s, and put
those talents to work forging a tight system of information sharing
among Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers in the city.

This network unveiled, among other things, some of the most
extensive information on the Wyrm-cult known as the 7th Genera-
tion any collection of Garou on the planet ever possessed. Locations
where they held their debased rites, interviews with the victims, and
extensive dossiers on the ringleaders — Winston's intelligence was
flawless. He long pressured others to try and take action against it but
was unable to convince other tribes of the danger the cult presented.

ie Ft i 1
| ) i
/ Ic
/ =
° | | ; t
- z :
: | \ :
}Z ‘* ‘ af {
a ; ely 4
Pa € "ang 7 a

When Lord Albrecht began his move against the 7th Genera-
tion, LobaCarcassone mentioned Winston'sname tohimand Albrecht
immediately seized upon the opportunity to gain the still immaculately
well-kept folders. Winston hadn't let his information grow dated, and
his perseverance paid off. His intelligence was critical to the perfect
success of the mission, and his wisdom was greatly renowned through-
out both the Glass Walkers and the Silver Fangs, elevating him to the
status of Athro. As such, he's managed to earn the favor of Albrecht.
For this master of networking, it's simply the perfect contact.

Winston hasn't yet asked any favors of Albrecht, it's well known
that he's currently digging into Endron Oil and is learning of some
interesting opportunities. However, rumor has it that Endron is also
diggingintohim, andhe may need protection from sniper bulletssoon.

Gable Van dor Linden

Once the greatest visionary and hope of the tribe, now one of
its most feared enemies, the only thing Gabriel Van der Linden has
never been is ignored. Born toa wealthy Belgian family, he became
a gifted thinker, engineer and athlete. (He might have been an
Olympic 400m runner had he been more interested in pursuing
that than academia.) Whilst studying in Paris, he had a spectacu-
larly violent First Change that killed over thirty people.

After recovering from the shock of transition, the young Galliard
went back and completed his education (by correspondence whenever
possible,) while discussing some of his ideas with three other cubs, who
would eventually form the original Cyber Dogs pack. To Gabriel, the
Wyrm was destruction by entropy, the slow rotting away of all that was
good. How better would it be, then, to proof Gaia against rotting? In only
afew decades, man would invent computers that could operate as quickly
as a human brain. Soon, he believed, we would all become forever-
enduring machines. However, Van der Linden wanted to go further. If

cna ,

Gaia were to become perfect, then all of nature would have to become
perfect as well. Thus, Gabriel began experimenting on animals and when
that failed, he and the Cyber Dogs abducted a Lupus Garouand attempted
to implant him with cybernetics. The experiment had limited success.

Though the Cyber Dogs had much outward success, Gabriel
was never satisfied since they came no closer to what he considered
their ultimate goal. In 1998 he called the pack to Belgium to regroup
and rededicate themselves to their purpose, and from Belgium they
made an exploration into the CyberRealm to gain the answers they
needed. When they returned, they were part man, part wolf, part
spirit and part machine. Gabriel made his announcements and
began the Cyber Dogs camp to hasten his goals. Eventually, how-
ever, his continual experimentation on Lupus Garou became known,
and the camp, along with his dreams, were destroyed.

Image: Gabriel is a striking figure tall, lean and handsome
with shortly cropped black hair and eyes framed by small rimless
spectacles. Along with his eyewear, he tends to don slacks and
open collared shirts, as well asa calm, inquisitive expression on his
face at all times. His Crinos and Lupus form have long gray fur with
streaks of black throughout, and when he is in either form he
displays obvious cybernetic enhancements.

Roleplaying notes: Gabriel is philosophical and awesomely charis-
matic, but harbors an obvious anger that is currently aimed at the
tribemates that he believes betrayed him, the tribe and Gaia. However, he
isalso capable of showing tremendous affection toward anyone who seeks
his wisdom. Sometimes too much, those within the camp knew his
predilection for bedding female members of the camp. Afterall, soon there
wouldn't be any more Metis, or Homid or Lupus... just Garou. The one
thing he cannot stand is fear of advancement, and if someone had second
thoughts about being implanted, he was known to shout at them, "Just
take action." When he isdisappointed, he is prone to dragging his protégés
kicking and screaming toward his ideals. They'll thank him for it later.

He has a wide selection of Cyberfetishes, including an internal
phone and computer, and a selection of tiny blades that pop out of
his entire body except for the soles of his feet, turning him into a
stainless steel porcupine in battle. His favorite Gift is "Cool Mind"

Qheabefh Genereawer

It's just as well that the Glass Walkers don't have a defined
central leadership, because if they did, the leader would probably
be Elizabeth Genereader, and the news that the tribe had elected
a fostern to lead them would have them declared nuttier than the
Silver Fangs. But then, it wasn't her decision.

Elizabeth Genereader grew up in Holland, born in 1977, the
second child in her family. The first was her brother, a rampantly
egotistical child who demanded attention. Elizabeth always felt
the need to compete with her brother but never felt comfortable
trying to steal his spotlight, so she simply worked quietly but hard.
She can't deny his strong personality influenced her, however, and
she always ended up pursuing related, but different fields. When he
studied computers in middelbare school, she studied biology and
was to study it in universiteit when she experienced her First
Change in an argument with a boyfriend. She killed him and was
swept up by the Glass Walkers, who covered up the crime and
arranged to have her live on campus, away from her family. She
completed her degree and became a geneticist working in medical
research, from which she took her deed name.

After a few months, the young Philodox discovered that she'd
found her niche in the tribe, quietly working in the sept whenever
she could to resolve disputes before they flared into full-blown feuds.
It was the low-key, necessary work she enjoyed. She even joined an
international pack after she met a German named Guy Sims, who


RNs eee

support role, and advise members of her camp personally whenever
she can. The "future favors" weigh heavily on her mind, she fears the
vengeance of Van der Linden, and even many members of her own
tribe. These days, she is trying to remain courageous while clearly in
way over her head. Her pack has become her counsel and reassur-
ance, where she can simply do what she's best at.

Pal afzenkopf

Whenstruck by tragedy, some people lose theirinnocence. Others
cling to itas a burning beacon. Matzenkopf is one of these latter types.

When Van der Linden called out to the tribe for followers,
Matzenkopf was one of the first to come. An avid science fiction
reader in his childhood, Paul saw Gabriel's inventions as a realiza-
tion of his fantasies and rushed to be a part of it. Gabriel's bold
vision and strong, vital leadership enchanted him. He was devas-
tated when he learned of his experiments.

But Matzenkopf couldn't be broken. Inside his body now
where the things he dreamed of asa child, and he had enough sense
to know he wasn't like his beloved teacher. Matzenkopf struck
back, managing to find a few of those he knew from the camp that
he trusted and formed a loose alliance. This alliance has grown as
a splinter from the camp itself, as the "new" Cyber Dogs, deter-
mined to take the invention and philosophy of the camp, regarding
= oe them as part of a solution, rather than the solution.

This new direction has begun with Matzenkopf's first project:
| Teeth-of-Titanium. Teeth was one of Gabriel's "successful" pre-Cyber
Dogs experiments, and was chronically afraid of going insane like so
q many of the others, almost psychotically looking for death in battle.

Matzenkopf has convinced him to instead look for life, and has begun

\ } ————s)
! \ a A TET A S a =\ 3 q | work on trying to reverse the bionic implants that make up his body
oi —

\ Ne F is

introduced her to the others that formed her pack. She always
seemed to be the "last member" of the pack, added asan afterthought
and asa support to her more ambitious packmates, which suited her.
But as she was establishing herself, she had made friends with
another Glass Walker named Dary Fransz. Fransz was one of the early
Cyber Dogs, and Elizabeth began to notice personality changes as he
became more involved. Fransz began to quote, at length, the
teachings of Van der Linden, began to use his initiative less, and
seemed less emotional. The entire movement scared her, a fear only
bolstered by the nervous whisperings of the spirits in the sept, who nt
told her that the Cyber Dogs wanted to "replace them." Her J)
conscience outweighing her shyness, she began to speak out against 294
them and made several brilliant arguments against them over y ,
GWnet, her most eloquent statement being, "You can't code Gaia." d

These arguments resulted in her receiving an email entitled, TS /
"You need to do research." Following up this e-mail lead her to a Ss (] wee i
mysterious contact and then to a meeting deep in the Carpathians ‘ a |
with none other than the Shadow Lord Margrave, Yuri Konietzko. He ) a |
offered her, "useful arguments" in exchange for "future favors" and, ‘ \ oT |
against her better judgment, she agreed. He informed her of the ' /
experiments conducted by Gabriel Van der Linden, which horrified ; =e
her. Filled with a new resolve, she returned to her sept and made her > ie \

oe

‘S
ZA

.

now famous Promethean Daze address.
Since then, Elizabeth has retreated back into her reclusive shell
as much as she can, but it's impossible when the entire Random

Interrupt camp, a camp she helped elevate within the tribe, looks to | |} \ ~ Se _.
her forinspiration. Many elders within the camp resent being shoved : j | | e,
aside by someone so young. Still others look to easily best her for ; | |

massive political gain. Elizabeth has done little since then except | ie

hide herself in her pack where she can happily continue her favored | \ OS

5" eenneaataara meatal

eames csrrscnt rani: Genin 7 sr rane PU emma rem

now, turning him back into a normal lupus Garou. Should he succeed,
Paul believes it will be poetic proof that the Cyber Dogs should not all
be held accountable for the sins of their father.

Soba Firewdh" Stencer

Perhaps the most promising young werewolf in the tribe
today, Julia Spencer has the unique benefit of blurring nearly all
boundaries that could otherwise inhibit her. She isa technoTheurge,
but is not an official member of the Random Interrupts. She is a
loyal Glass Walker, but belongs to a multi-tribal pack adopted by
Uktena. In addition to this, she is ambitious, clever and capable.

Julia was born in London to a wealthy father and a mother she
never knew. Raised by nannies and in boarding schools, she never
knew why her mother abandoned her until she was sixteen. Spending
a day in London shopping with friends, she began to walk to a taxi
stand when a group of drunks pouring out of a pub began heckling her
and followed her before dragging her into an alley. Terror became fury
as something in her snapped, and her First Change ended with her in
a pool of blood, beer and broken glass. She ended perversely proud of
her First Change, which left little evidence and was easy to cover up.

Most recently, she has gained respect for her part in the Silver
River pack. At the Get of Fenris Sept of the Anvil-Klaiven for a
concolation, she gained enmity for summoning a Pattern Spider into
the caern to assist an escape to London. She continued to America by
Concorde with her new pack: Red Talon Storm-Eye, Child of Gaia
Cries Havoc, Bone Gnawer Carlita and Wendigo John North Wind's
Son. These five Garou, journeying across the world ina battle against
the Wyrm-Beast Jo'cllath'mattric, were confronted by Uktena who
formed them into the Silver River pack, lead by Storm-Eye as alpha.

Since then, Julia has returned to America again andagain to seek
wisdom abouthernew Totem, spending timeamong the Uktena tribe.
She has talked to one they call a "Bane Tender," a decidedly grim
fellow who nonetheless offered her a fascinating insight into how one
can deal with enemy spirits. Instead of attacking the most powerful of
them, he maintained that the best tactic was to control them and even
care for them. By doing so, they bested what they could not defeat.

Julia considered these words heavily as she returned to En-
gland. Her tribe had been in turmoil for months, as Genereader
blew the lid on the worst the Weaver had to offer in the Cyber
Dogs. Could they honestly continue to hold the Weaver as an
unmitigated ally? And if they accepted that the Weaver could act
against them, surely there had to be better ways to curb these
excesses than in the blood of their brothers?

Returning to England with a lot on her mind and weight on her
heart, Julia posted a project for the first time to GWnet. "Heal the
Weaver." Many laughed at her, but others have quietly agreed with
her. She just may be the Glass Walker who delivers on what her tribe
always claimed they did: guiding the Weaver to helping Gaia.

Image: Julia adheres closely to human ideals of beauty. She is
always dressed in the latest fashion, favoring Boudicca designs. The one
concession she makes away from fashion is her handbag, which is larger
than fashionableso that itcan hold her many technological gadgets that
she is fond of that week. Her long hair (usually black, but sometimes
dyed) falls overslendershoulders, buther thin build disguisesa body that
is, if not muscular, then very fit and well maintained. In Lupus and
Crinos she isalso notably slender, and her black and brown fur somehow
manages to be perfectly smooth and shiny.

Roleplaying Hints: Your background and upbringing is al-
ways at odds with your essential nature. As a proper young British
woman, you know to keep your emotions under tight control and
be polite. As a Garou, your emotions always burn passionately.

100

Keep up the "ice queen" demeanor and be scrupulously polite and

nasty all at once. Barbed wit is your specialty. However, if someone

touches on a subject near to your heart, positive or negative, begin

to raise your voice a little, grow animated and speak faster before

suddenly catching yourself and looking embarrassed.
Underneath all of the wry deprecation, love of technology and

the high life, and cool demeanor, you've got a deep need for the love

and acceptance that your distant father and non-existent mother

never could offer. But the chances of you admitting this are only

slightly below impossible, so you continue to talk around subjects and

hint when you should be openly confessing.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Rank: 2 (Fostern)

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4), Stamina 2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Primal Urge 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 4, Leadership 1

Knowledges: Computer 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Medicine 3,

Rituals 3, Science 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 4, Rites 3

Rage: 2; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Spirit Speech, Diagnostics; (2) Jam Tech-

nology, Command Spirit, Steel Fur

Rites: A very young Theurge, Julia knows the Rite of Binding, the Rite
of Talisman Dedication, and Greets the Sun and the Moon without fail.


Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:

ie |
om Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
1 a
hiyslonf Joctaf Nenfaf,
Strength. @0000) Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000_ = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina @0000- Appearance__—— @O000 Os; Writs @0000
Talewht WS/4 Knonsedgat
Alertness 00000 _ Animal Ken OOOO0O Computer 00000
Athletics OO0000 Crafts 00000 _ Enigmas 00000
Brawl 00000 Drive 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge O0oooO | Etiquette 00000 Law____—C —O[IOOO
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms OOOOO Linguistics 00000
Expression OOOOO Leadership 00000 Medicine OOO00O0
Intimidation. OOO00O Melee 00000 = Occult OO0000
Primal-Urge OOO0OO Performance 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 | Stealth ooooo §$Rituals__ SS O:0000
Subterfuge oooo0 Survival ————— 9/0000 = Science___ J [0000
Suckgroundt tie
OOO00O0
OOO0O0O
OOOO0O
OOO0O0O
OOOO0O
"Renown = Rage 4 | ca[fb ——m—or
Glory Bruised QO
(@) 0Oo
0 0-0:0-9:o Gia")? © 9. FARuo y Hurt tou
QOO0Q0000000 YOOORO0O00008 Injured 1 oO
Honor OBE ae ee - = i
auled -
7.00 00% air 0000000600 Crinid 5 0
NOOOOO0O000 I ie rad g
Wisdom OOOOOOO000 MEAD ECICALS
9000000000 SU OWE ammo Tbe Weaaknetp—«
Oy gaan o00000 9000000000 CANNOT REGAIN GNOSIS
AA RAE memento ooOgg0gg00g0g IN THE WILDERNESS

) pe Cake _—nriemere

|

Gabro Coa Hhito Lupus
Strength(+2)___- Strength(+4)____- Strength (+3)__— Strength (+1)___
No Stamina(+2)____—S»- Dexterity (+1)___ Dexterity (+2)__—»- Dexterity (+2)___
Change Appearance(-1)___- Stamina(+3)_. - Stamina(+3)___—s Stamina (+2)____
Manipulation (-2)__. Appearance 0 Manipulation(-3)___—S»- Manipulation(-3)xx__
Manipulation(-3)__ +1DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
INCITE DELIRIUM
IN HUMANS
a= Ofer Trt —Z a Sifhthet ———aae
OOOOO. Item: Level. Gnosis
OOO00O0 Power:
OOO00O Item: Level Gnosis,
OOO0O0O0 Power:
OOO00O0 Item: Level Gnosis.
OOO0O0O Power:
OOO0O0O0 Item: Level Gnosis.
OOO0O0O0 Power:
00000 Roar
OO0000
00000 Ny
00000.N
OOO0O0O0
oo000 |
OOOO0O
OO000O0
OOOO0O
OO0O00O0

PR NE fg

caamamenpdanae

Maneuver/Weapon

Roll

Difficulty | Damage | Range

Rate | Clip Pravng Cart

Diff Damage

Maneuver

Bite

Claw

Grapple
Kick

Punch

Roll

Dex+Brawl

Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7

Dex+Brawl
Dex+Brawl
Dex+Brawl
Dex+Brawl

A=Ageravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage

5
7
6
6
7

6

Strength+1/A
Special/B
Strength+1/A
Strength/B
Strength+1/B

Strength/B

———

AtiiOr:

wn


i oc1ss\Nucxcas

Nature: Demeanor: me
Tipe Caf =F Tipe ee
meme paroled Background: merase
Kinfolh
Reacurcet
Confacht
| Tofera
nvwemremnarveems ws TRANS wrammmnmvmtleoe! A okpertence ee Ae
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:____
Gained From: L
Equipment (Owned):
— MA Siptf SS Se ae
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:____
Level: Type: Spent On:
. =
Leader:


wer? mevene
i 1 AssNN UcKEaS

Pref

Sex:

Height | Weight

Homid:
Glabro: Eathle Stare:

Crinos:

Hispo:
Lupus:

Pack Chart Character Sketoh

fe )
RS
Ha
Eyes:
Race:
| Nationality:

|


Wolves of the Cify

SAE
Not all werewolves are creatures of the wild woods. Some stalk:the city

streets, hunting their prey in back alleys and boardrooms. Technology is their

ally, and Computers are their slaves. They summon up spirits of neon and silicon;
striking down their enemies with savage might and high-tech] precision. When
the war erupts in the city streets, they'll be ready to fight it with tooth\and claw,
with electricity and glass. But have the Glass Walkers given up*too much?

» Fang, Clasy and Bullet eF :

cTihesixch revised Tribebook, Tribebook: Glass' Walkers focuses on the
most urbane and technologically adept ‘of werewolf.tr ibes. Inside are the secrets
of the cyber-tribe's mystic powers over technology, a8 well-as their tactics for
fighting the War of the Apocalypse over electronic and concrete battléfields,
and the secret camps within the tribe. Let the other werewolves howl around
their stone circles and oak trees — with this book, you've got all it takeSito
fight the real war in the heart of the city.

ope EM SE A eB a SS Semen

AIEREWOLF

HEAP OICALY PSE

LEED EE BEDE ENS. ati

Gs

—— Sa 7]

www.white-wolf.com
ISBN 1-58846-308-7
WW3856 $15.95 U.S.

Scanned by
