# File: Guardians Of The Caerns.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

wore FO
» A Caern Sourcebook for Werewolf; The Apocalypse" ~

y By Deena McKinney and Forrest B. Marchinton,

with Ethan Skemp
LL =. tiene //,


The Giving of a Klaive

Derse One

The bonfire burned low within the stone circle,
yet it still offered welcome warmth in the cooling
evening. Occasional flurries of sparks swirled into the
night, to mingle with the uncountable stars. A dozen
figures formed a half-circle around the fire. Some
appeared human, sitting on stumps and low boulders;
others lounged on four legs in lupine fashion. Prefer-
ring the former shape, Johnny McLaren leaned against
astone, absently scratching the fresh raking scar above
his right knee. A week ago he'd encountered a feral
vampire in the woods to the south; he and the Leech
went at it for half an hour, but Johnny came out on top.
His limp was almost gone, but he hoped the gouges
wouldn't fade away completely; a few scars would
make for great stories. Like the others around the fire,
Johnny was Fianna, and fiercely proud of it. While his
wolfpack did its share of fighting the Wyrm in its many
manifestations (as his scars could attest), the Sept of
Bridget's Blessing was a haven for lorekeepers and
craftsmen. He himself was a smith, hammering sharp
swords and delicate jewelry with ease. Johnny held his
skills with claw and hammer with equal pride.

A lean woman with a thigh-length honey-blonde
braid stepped forward. Caoilte McLaurin lifted her

head to lead the Opening Howl. One by one, the voice
of each individual found its own harmony within the
howl, strengthening and magnifying the sound as it
echoed across the valley. In this heartbreakingly-
beautiful mingling of voices the unity of the sept was
reaffirmed. Johnny never felt more a part of the pack
than at this moment, as he added his sharp howl to the
mix. Following the howl, Caoilte led her fellows in an
homage of song and heart to Gaia, mother of the Garou
and of all things, to Stag, the guide of the tribe, and to
the sept's patron, Dana, legendary mother of the Fianna.

As the last strains of the song died away, Johnny
shifted into a more comfortable position and looked
around. A murmur arose as Garou began talking qui-
etly among themselves. All sensed the tension in the
air, as if something important but unexpected was
coming. Abruptly, everyone's attention focused on
lan Corrigan, elder and sept leader, as he stood up. A
tall lad with ashaggy auburn mane, he wasa Moonsinger
of great renown despite the fact he had barely reached
his thirtieth year. Like Johnny and most of the other
two-legs, he was scantily dressed, the better to show off
the scars and tattoos which ran across his body like
map of the war against the Wyrm. Johnny noticed

Legends of the Garou: The Giving of a Klaive


something different about his leader, however: he
wasn't wearing the grand klaive he had won in an
unlooked-for duel three moons ago. Instead, he carried
the bowie-sized silver knife, Caelbad's klaive, he'd
been honored with many years before.

Standing behind the fire, the elder drew forth
Caelbad's klaive, the wickedly-dagged silver blade
reflecting the red flicker of the low fire. He regarded
the knife for some moments before sweeping the as-
sembly with his gaze. Then he began to speak, in the
measured tones of a master storyteller.

"This klaive has a long history behind it. It:
forged for Caelbad mac Fiachu, given in recognit
his victory over a Wyrmbeast of great power. Ag Righ
Caelbad, this blade honored him, and he it. M
winters later, Caelbad, with his last strength, placed
in the hand of his son and successor, Adamnan. M;
Caelbad used this blade to the-exclusion of all oth
forsaking spear and swor
claws of a Black Spiral
up the blade, and wielded it for ears b
giving it to a packmate, Padrig mac Comhail. P;
Mor, as he's now called, accounted fora full fifty
Spiral Dancers in his time. When he fell in defense

his caern, his blade was recovered by..."

Johnny's excitement grew with the list of form
owners. lan had never done anything like this befo:
truly something big was about to happen. The Righ4
going to bequeath the blade, he just knew it. And w
else for the honor but him? After all, Johnny thought,
who else has fought so hard to drive the Wyrm from
caern and county? But Ian was nearly done with
tale, and Johnny gave him his attention.

"Though born of No Moon, Andrea had the skiff

of a warrior, the patience of a judge and the wordcraft

body." He paused a momentin reflection. "She met her
end bravely, alone and surrounded by the corrupted
minions of powerful Leeches. Her klaive was found by
an honorable Glass Walker. I traveled to him and
brought the treasured blade back to my sept. I have
worn it ever since. The silver blade has cleansed the
blight of Wyrm-taint from many foes in many lands."

lan held the blade before him, letting it catch the
fire's glare across its surface. "Throughout its history, no
stain of dishonor has tarnished this blade. Now, itis time
for a new hand to wield it. A hand that, though young,
is proven. The bladebearer is among us tonight."

Johnny leaned forward slightly. Here it comes!

Guardians of the Caerns

"Erin Kelly, stand before me." Johnny felt the blood
drain from his face. Astonished, he looked at the young
Galliard as she likewise paled before standing uncer-
tainly. She seemed justas surprised asthe shocked Ahroun.

Erin was taken completely by surprise. She stared
at her mentor for a moment before forcing herself up
on her trembling legs. With the sept behind her, she
faced Ian across the fire, her eyes stung by the smoke
and heat. He still gripped the klaive firmly in his hand,
where it rested as if it were an extension of his arm. The
light shone on the polished silver, outlining the mystic
yphs, which ran along the blade. Erin tore her eyes
from it, but couldn't quite meet her mentor's gaze.

~ "Hold out your hand," the elder said. She did so
ith hardly a hesitation, and immediately felt the fire's
heat rising across her arm as Ian continued.

"Though you are young, you have acted with
honor and courage. You have fought for your people
and for Gaia. You have learned the history and the
5 of na. In listening to Gaia and to your
wn heart, you show wisdom. In unselfishly aiding the
rahl, rarest of Gaia's children, you bring honor to
your sept and your tribe."

__. The heat grew more painful, almost unbearable;
she thought she could feel the blisters rising on her
arm. But she refused to pull back, or even flinch. Not

n front of Gleam-in-his-Eye.

_ "Take this blade, then, Erin Kelly, Fostern of the
ept of Bridget's Blessing. Take it and add to its

honor." Though she wanted to scream with pain, she

closed her blistered hand around the grip. It stayed
there amoment, and then she felt the leather-wrapped

haft nestle deeper into her grasp. The spirit of the

__ klaive had accepted her.
of a Moondancer. She taught me what it was to be

Garou and helped keep my head firmly attached to my —

As she withdrew her hand, howls of celebration
went up from the sept. Her heart swelled with joy and
pride. Ian stepped around the fire to crush her in a
fierce embrace.

eee

The night was waning, and the revelers were dispers-
ing or, more frequently, simply curling up by the fire in
their lupine forms. But not Johnny McLaren. He stood
atop a stone some distance from the fire pit. Ostensibly he
was on guard duty, but with his mind in such turmoil a
Nexus Crawler could have gotten past him.

He looked back to the fire ring. Two or three
Fianna listened to Ian regale them with the tale of the
life of Padrig Mor. The brown-noser was among them.
He felt the seething rage rise, and turned away, lest he


lose control and add to his own humiliation. For the
frivolous little girl to be given a klaive — a warrior's
weapon! — and gain rank without even a challenge or
quest, made him burn with rage. It was favoritism, pure
and simple; she was the leader's pet, with her head so
far up his backside she didn't know if it was day or
night. He sure as hell wouldn't forget this slight.

He gripped hard the haft of his spear. The head was
perfectly forged, with spirals and swirls running almost
to the razor edge. Johnny had transformed a bar of iron
into this gleaming steel weapon, with the strength in

his arms, the sweat on his brow, and his knowledge of

crafting. Where was the recognition for his skill? The
upstart pup tells a couple stories, and all th
Moondancers go nuts. —

No, he wouldn't forget this for a very long time.

Derse Two
"Where do you think you e going,

Moondancer?"

Erin's heart sank when the Warder spoke. She
slipping out of the farmhouse, set for a rousing ni
the Widdershins concert that she'd looked forwar
for weeks. But Brian McCormac seldom spoke t
unless he had something for her to do. She turned tos
the man, huge even in his human form, approach he

"lan and Caoilte left this afternoon on press
business, and most everyone else is occupied e
where. It's time you pulled your weight at guard dt
klaive-bearer." The meaning was plain — with adde
prestige comes added responsibility. But for that, shi
couldn't read approval or disapproval of the honor i
his tone. She nodded, keeping her disappointment
hidden deep within; the honor she'd been given was
worth a hundred nights at watch. ,

Then she saw Johnny saunter out from his work-
shop in the barn. The Ahroun smiled at her. "
moment, Warder," he said, voice placid like a shoal-
concealing river. "Seems Erin wants to go pretty badly.
I'm willing to give her a chance. How 'bout a little
contest?" Erin's heart rose again; she had a chance!
Looking hopefully towards Brian, she saw the Warder
frown slightly, then shrug. In a moment Red Ruff, the
Master of the Challenge, arrived to listen and rule.
Erin looked expectantly at Johnny. Would they match
words? A boasting contest, or to see who could make
the dour Brian laugh first?

Johnny answered her unspoken question. "Just
happens I've finished a fine pair of staves. May as well
break them in." Seeing the grizzled wolf nod and sweep
his tail, he retrieved them from his shop. "First to fall

gets to stay home." More glances at Red Ruff, who
again dipped his snout in acceptance.

When she caught the heavy quarterstaff he had
tossed her, he added, "I'll even let you fight in Glabro,
just to be fair." Was that asneer on his face? Never mind,
she felt her muscles shifting and enlarging. It wouldn't
do to miss the advantage the Ahroun was offering.

The fight was over almost before it began. Ever-
cocky Erin grinned as she threw a tentative strike, then
another. Johnny blocked the first, dodged the second,
and then struck with a flurry of fast bone-cracking
blows that sent the Galliard reeling. Before she could

fetaliate, he shifted his grip to one end of the staff and
brought the entire length down to shatter her collar-
_ bone, felling the youth instantly.

She teetered on the verge on consciousness for a

_ moment, before her head cleared. The pain that washed
~ over her didn't subside so quickly, although she could
feel her bones knitting together, the ruptured lip clos-

saw his back as he took the staves
st bad for a pup," she heard him say
tly over alder. "If you spent a little more time
a weapon and less ‘vith a book, you might even be
worthy of that klaive one day." The heat of the insult
rose within her, but even as the growl pushed past her
loody lips, the dark reddish form of Red Ruff stepped
amingly before her, tail high. She sank back to the
arth until her breath came easily again.
eee

The night was hours old when she made her fourth

‘circuit around the bawn. No untoward scents, no noise,

only thenightand the trail of her ever-curious packmate
Neverwise padding silently somewhere ahead in the

darkness. Though properly vigilant, she couldn't get the

dust-up with Johnny out of her mind. She'd thought the

~ challenge was all in good fun until the blows rained
~ down. What was wrong with Johnny? Then she remem-

bered his parting words: you might be worthy of that klaive
one day. Maybe it's the klaive! Maybe he's jealous! An
angry pride began to grow within her. Why didn't she
deserve it? Had she not rescued the cub of the werebears?
Had she not recited tales before the Ard Righ himself in
the great hall at Tara? She was young, and of low status,
but if Gleam-in-his-Eye was her mentor, surely that said
something. Then she stopped short. Do the others feel the
same way? The question gnawed at her, for though she
took pains to hide the fact, the acceptance of her peers
was terribly important to her. Boldness being in her
nature, she resolved to find someone to put the matter
to rest one way or another.

Legends of the Garou: The Giving of a Klaive

*


Since accepting the mantle of Caern Warder,
Brian McCormac had not set foot outside the bawn.
Erin found him, knife in hand, sitting by his stone hut,
patiently transforming a gnarled branch into a walking
stick of exceptional beauty. Without preamble, she
posed the question.

"Brian, does the sept resent me for getting a
klaive?"

The huge man considered a long moment. "You're
thinking about the challenge today, aren't you? If
anyone resents you it's liable to be Johnny. Just from
watching and listening — a pair of skills you'd do well
to master — I'd say he thinks he deserves more recog-
nition. Which is one reason he doesn't get it." He
paused again as his small blade drew an improbably-
long tailing from the stick. "You are young to hold a
klaive, but so was lan when he inherited it. I probably
shouldn't say anything, but your mentor sees a destiny
in you. The fire of Bridget is in your heart, and he wants
to fan it. That's why he pushes you with your lessons.
That's why he has introduced you around the court at
Tara." Brian leaned forward, eyes growing stern. "But
watch yourself, lassie. The greatest Singers suffer more
than their share. It's a hard life you'll live. And don't
you get too proud of yourself, or you'll deserve every-
thing Johnny and his ilk can dish out." He lay the knife

down and began to slowly sand down the staff, watch-
ing Erin from under bushy eyebrows. She said nothing
for some minutes.
Finally she looked up. "How can I make peace with
him?" she asked. Brian's slight smile was approving.
eee

Erin walked slowly up the worn path running in a
counterclockwise spiral up the sharply-rising hill, squint-
ing in the light of the setting sun. She stepped deliber-
ately, her thoughts following the cadence of her foot-
falls. She wore a simple tunic, cut sparingly to show off
the tribal glyphs on her shoulders and the woaded spirals
that snaked down her arms and legs. Within the circle
of tall stones above her, the Moondancer felt the vi-
brancy of magic, of spirit energy in the air. She reached
the summit, the caern's center; it was like a coming up
for air, pressure easing, sight clearing. It was the rare joy
of the spiritual and physical made one. Erin took a place
between two rough megaliths. Resting comfortably on
her knees, she began to sing a song of Power. Invisible
energy tose and crackled around her. Then, as if a door
had shut, it stopped. Before her stood a woman, with
long reddish-blonde hair and a red dress which shim-
mered with fire in the dying light. It was Bridget, goddess
of fire and poetry, come to answer her call.


"Why have you called me, wolfsinger?" Her voice
was sweet as young mead, and warm as mulled wine.

"T ask for your help. I offer my tale and ask your
guidance in ending it well."

"Tell on, then," the spirit replied.

The stars slowly turned above as the Erin spun her
story, of the unexpected honor and the rift it had
caused. When she finished, Bridget nodded thought-
fully before speaking. "Jealousy. Thus is planted the
seed which always bears a bitter fruit. Such tragedies
have fired the minds of poets and talespinners since the
world began. But the praise of heroes is also the bard's
place, and with less bloodshed." The spirit straight-
ened. "Very well, I shall help you. Think well on the
triumphs of this warrior, and let the flame of inspira-
tion flare within."

"How may I repay you?" It was discourteous to
accept a spirit's aid, even if freely given, without
offering something in return.

Bridget smiled. "Tell your tale thrice and well:
once before your foe, to heal the wound before o'erlong
it festers; once before your king, who in his hall of
legends needs fresh tales of glory; and once before your
cousin fae, for such tales of valor are their meat and
drink. Kindle hearts and kindle minds, and you will
have thanked me, young poetess."

Verse ‘Chree

The gibbous moon was arcing upward when Johnny
joined the sept at the stone circle. Armed with a bottle
of smoky magic straight from Scotland, he settled in for
a night of songs and storytelling, for the Sept of
Bridget's Blessing always honored the Singer's Moon
thus. Long nights of song and drink, laughter and
cheers — Johnny knew it was good to be Fianna. When
all had gathered, Ian led an invocation to Dana and
Bridget, with equal parts Gaelic and Garou. After the

last echoes had died away, and no sound remained but
the crackle of the fire, the septleader asked, "Whom
shall we hear from first? Who has a tale to tell?"

Erin was on her feet before anyone else could say
a word. "I have a tale, a tale of valor and glory."

"Tell on, then," growled the elder as he leaned
comfortably against a stone. All eyes turned to the
young Galliard, including Johnny's. Erin's voice was
strong, and had fallen into the cadence of a practiced
wordsmith. Well, she's a conniving, spoiled little bitch,
thought Johnny, but I'll grant she has a way with words.
He still wanted the klaive, but he couldn't defy Ian.
Now, ifthe pup showed herself unworthy of the blade...

"Whose tale do you have for us?" asked Ambergold,
the young brewer on Johnny's left.

"Caelbad mac Fiachu and the Drellock?" "Gavin
Mac Fionn at the Stone Wall?" voices asked from the
circle of firelight.

Erin lifted her chin. "We needn't look so long ago
or so far away for tales of glory. Tonight, I speak of the
triumph of Forged-in-Fire."

Johnny nearly fell over in astonishment at hearing
his tribal name. Had he any warning, he would have
expected to be the object of a scathing satire in retalia-
tion for the drubbing he'd given her. But as she spoke, he
realized it was anything but. With the deftness of a
practiced talespinner, she described (and in some cases
elaborated on) his battle with the feral Leech. She spoke
asiifie Ghhear there wseg andthe way she taldis ane
would think he'd ripped the gullet out of the Wyrm
itself! Around him, his packmembers looked upon him,
eyes bright with admiration. When the story ended, the
Singers howled to the descending moon, and the
Ahrouns took turns slapping Johnny on the back. Be-
tween buffets, he looked across the fire at Erin, and saw
pride and joy in her eyes. He flashed her a grin.

Maybe she wasn't so bad after all.

Legends of the Garou: The Giving of a Klaive


)

Contents
Legends of the Garou

"The Giving of a Klaive"

Introduction: Opening the Caern
Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys

The logistics of cacrn design

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines

Tribal and Changing Breed traditions of caern defense

Chapter Three: Digging Jn

Player involvement in caern defense and improvement

Chapter Four: Mot of Garou and Kin Born

The metis lot

}

Contents

I would bleed until rivers poured from me; I would
burn until I am ash. I would die ten thousand deaths rather
than let the children of the Horned Serpent wipe their feet
in Gaia's heart.

— Stone Belly, Warder

Le

Caerns are the heart and soul of the Garou.
They are places for communion with the great
Mother, sources of solace and much-needed power,
and the last lines of defense. They are the center of
almost every Werewolf chronicle, because they are
everything the Garou fight for. They are the life-
blood of Gaia herself.

And yet for all that, the caern is something that
isn't necessarily accessible to our way of thinking. We
don't personally grow up in the deepest recesses of the
wild or the spiritual centers of the cities; we might have
visited places like that, but even then we get only a
fraction of the picture. And then there's the question
of what such a place would be like if a band of
werewolves had set up shop in the area!

Introduction: Opening the Caern

NE

It can be particularly hard to roleplay a metis
character when you don't really know just what
growing up in the heart of a caern is like. We're all
familiar with human society, and we know roughly
what a wolf cub's life is like, but there's no real
reference for what day-to-day life in the closely guarded
heart of Garou society is like.

Until now.

Guardians of the Caerns is a sourcebook on
caerns and sept life, from the most general informa-
tion on keeping caerns active to specific notes on
tribal sept traditions. If you've ever wondered just
what the elders at the caern do all day, or where it is
that the sept eats and sleeps, you should find the
answers you're looking for inside.

|


The Last Few

It's an established fact that the Garou hold fewer
caerns than they should; in the End Times, caerns fall
to invaders more frequently than new caerns are built.
As humanity spreads out across the globe, it becomes
harder and harder to keep the sacred places inviolate.
Hallowed trees fall to chainsaws; blessed springs are
dammed or polluted. The few caerns that remain are
guarded viciously by the werewolves who know they
can't afford to lose even one mote.

But the question of numbers remains: Exactly how
many caerns are there in all in the World of Darkness?

The answer...varies.

Although this answer may be frustrating, it's the
simple truth that there just aren't any good rules of
thumb for determining the number of caerns that
should exist in a given area. There are just too many
variables. Human population, past history, terrain,
native cultures — even the local flora and fauna can
have an effect on whether or not a sacred place
might have been discovered and consecrated. Just as
there's no good way of determining how many Garou
should exist over a given number of square miles
(unlike vampires, werewolves certainly don't flour-
ish in densely populated areas), there's also no good
way to determine how many caerns should exist in
that same area.

Furthermore, not all Storytellers maintain the
same ratio of darkness to hope in their chronicles.
This is particularly true of live-action games, where
there are often far more werewolves in a caern than
you'd otherwise expect. One Storyteller might decide
that about three hundred surviving caerns in all of
North America sounds right; but a second might say
that five hundred is more like it, and a third might say
that there should be fifteen at most. Since it's the
Storyteller's job to keep the players entertained —
and not all players enjoy the same amount of nihilism
in their stories — this discrepancy is not only un-
avoidable, it's probably for the best.

Which brings us around to a very important
point: Caerns should never, ever be defined by adher-
ing to an "approved" set of ratios or figures. Each
caern should be unique, boasting exactly the right
number of Garou for the story's purpose — which, of
course, should be somewhat less than the ideal num-
ber to support the caern.

This point can't be stressed enough. No two caerns
are alike; each and every one is a one-of-a-kind blend
of spiritual purpose, tribal character, geographical lo-
cation and history. It's all too easy to assume that all

12 Guardians of the Caerns

ALE PS ET OT tiene //,

Fianna caerns are stone circles on misty moortops, or
that all Glass Walker caerns sit atop shining skyscrap-
ers. What about the Fianna caern of Rage built on an
old battlefield, where the sept carefully stores the
skulls of all their fallen heroes? What about the Glass
Walker caern of Enigmas set on a fog-shrouded island
in the city harbor? This book deals in stereotypes, true
— but the chronicle's caerns should only possess
enough stereotypical features so that the players find
them plausible. Everything else should be distinctive.

Caern Purpose

The most distinctive thing about a caern is the
purpose it serves. If your chronicle is built around a
caern of Enigmas, it's going to be a radically differ-
ent game than it'd be if you'd chosen a caern of
Strength instead. That's why a caern's purpose is
important — not because it offers a specific dice
bonus, but because it will influence the character of
the sept. Obviously, when choosing a caern type,
the Storyteller should choose carefully.

The Werewolf Players Guide goes into great
detail about the most common caerns; those caern
types are mentioned here briefly, and are fairly self-
explanatory. There are also many other types of caerns,
although these are much less common; there might be
such a thing as a caern of Humility, but it might be the
only one in existence. This section introduces a few
more ideas for caerns of the rarer sort; the Storyteller
should feel free to expand on these ideas, or use them
as springboards to even more singular caerns.

Glory

Obviously, caerns of Glory might arise from old
battlefields or places of great victories, but more
often caerns of Glory spring from locales that are
rich in life and all it has to offer. These caerns most
commonly serve the purpose of Fertility, Plenty,
Rage, Strength or Wyld.

¢ Caerns of Courage arise in the damnedest places;
they can be deep in the wilderness, in rural surround-
ings or even in acity's heart with equal odds. Strangely,
they draw much of their power from the texture of fear
— after all, courage is not the absence of fear, but the
ability to be strong despite being utterly afraid. When
opened, these caerns can reduce the chances of frenzy
or even add dice to Intimidation pools.

¢ Caerns of Love may sound silly and ridiculously
romantic at first, even hopelessly out of place in the
World of Darkness. But these caerns have nothing to
do with romance at all — they have everything to do
with the emotional ties that give people strength even


|
r
pS
NY)
iA

<>

<a

an
SS

7,
mma!
y

=

a
/ ma/

\oa

as they weaken them. Such a caern is dedicated to
emotional bonds of all sorts: Platonic, filial, paternal or
maternal, brotherly or sisterly, romantic, even the love
a person might have for Gaia and all her creatures. The
defenders of such a caern fight as fiercely as anything,
refusing to fail their beloved lands and relatives. When
opened, a caern of Love might provide dice of Empa-
thy, or refresh spent Willpower by a few points.

Honor

Caerns of Honor are places of accord and renewal;
the Garou know them as sources of spiritual strength
and a sense of purpose. They include caerns of Gnosis,
Healing, Kingship, Stamina and Willpower.

* Caerns of Justice are rare in extremis, because
they are easily fouled by unjust actions taken within
vine hawnr, Although human courthouses would seem
an obvious place for these energies to pool, the humans
hold so many trials that almost invariably poor rulings
will taint the caern or excessive legalism stifle its
energy. They are governed by the wisest of Philodox,
and their power is used to settle disputes between
Garou in the fairest way possible. When opened, such
acaern might add dice to Perception or Law; Philodox
Gifts might also enjoy a reduced difficulty when used
within the opened caern's heart.

¢ Caerns of Sacrifice sometimes arise in areas
where Garou or humans stood, fought and died in
order to save those near and dear to them. They
are particularly demanding to maintain, as a sept
must constantly make small but meaningful sacri-
fices of their own to replenish the caern's energy.

When opened, such a caern might allow its de-
fenders to share health levels with one another,
the healthy taking the injuries of the critically
wounded upon themselves.

© Caerns of Unity are almost unheard of. The

Changing Breeds are almost without exception a divi-
sive, squabbling lot; even pack-mentality groups like
the Garou are heavily factionalized. Yet if a caern of
Unity were to have somehow survived, the sept guard-
ing it would be able to draw on its power to increase
their teamwork to record levels. If opened, such acaern
would likely add dice to Wits pools for the purposes of
keeping coordinated, or even bestow an effect roughly
equal to the Galliard Gift: Mindspeak.

Wisdom

It's very hard to stereotype caerns of Wisdom,
because wisdom can be found anywhere. Some flour-
ish in the heart of human urbanity; others draw
strength from their extreme seclusion. Some are


devoted to raw, natural intuition; others promote
logic and clear thought. To the Garou, a caern of
Wisdom is any caern that will offer powers of insight,
no matter what form it takes. They include caerns of
Calm, Enigmas, Humor, Primal-Urge, Streetwise and
Visions, among others.

¢ Caerns of Craftsmanship have a slight tendency
to attract Weaver-energies, but they are still more
Gaian than anything else. These places focus the
energy of industry, skill, and pride in a job well done,
rather than the powers of progress and technology. In
ancient times, the Silver Fangs often claimed these
caernts; in order to set up Klatve-rorges that could draw
on the caern's strength. Even today, they would make
ideal places for fetish-makers to craft items worthy of
housing spirits. Such caerns add dice to Crafts or
Repair dice pools when opened.

° Caerns of Memory are very rare; Gaia created
the Mokolé to be her memory, and so these caerns
weren't vitally necessary. However, in the modern age,
such a caern would be a real prize — it could channel
the knowledge of countless shapeshifters, enabling
Garou to learn more about their once allies and their
enemies. When opened, the caern might grant extra
temporary dots of Past Life (even to tribes normally
forbidden from taking that Background), temporarily

14 Guardians of the Caerns

a SN ny,

aan! SENLEFIO

grant picture-perfect recall of any of the ritemaster's
personal memories, or even grant visions of past events.

¢ Caerns of Stealth are rarely heard of, and with
good reason. These caerns can be literally anywhere;
the less obvious a place, the better. It's remarkably
difficult to discern their energies; the only way to
discover a latent caern of Stealth, even a powerful
one, is to stumble across it through chance. Opening
such a caern can shroud the entire bawn in misdirec-
tion, confusing and misleading enemies, add extra
dice to Stealth or Subterfuge pools, or it might even
grant the gift of invisibility to the ritemaster. These
caerns are disdatned' by Garou who believe in fair
tules of combat, but prized by Shadow Lords, Silent
Striders and a few others.

Using this Book

Guardians of the Caerns is a story resource for
Storytellers (and to a lesser extent, players); there's
not that much by way of rules in this book, but lots of
advice on fleshing out the caern and its inhabitants.
Although this book is designed with the relatively
inexperienced Werewolf player and Storyteller in
mind, there should also be plenty of interest to
veteran groups.


A

Chapter One: Lines of Defense — This chapter
covers the basics of caern logistics, from ecological
information on supporting a pack of wolf Kin, to
keeping food and water resources at full strength, to
defensive measures for keeping the caern safe.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines — The culture of a
sept greatly reflects a caern's nature, and the culture
of a sept is largely derived from the culture of the
tribes in residence. This chapter covers the most
common tribal traditions with regards to holding
and sanctifying caerns, the sort of structures you can
usually expect to find within a given tribe's bawn,
and the more common tricks a tribe might use to
defend their territory.

Chapter Three: Digging In — This chapter fo-
cuses on specific ways for the Storyteller to get the
players personally involved in the sept. In particular,
the focus is on having players fill the roles of various
sept offices, and when it is or isn't a good idea. Further-
more, this chapter includes guidelines on running the

ultimate story — enacting the Rite of Caern Building
from start to finish, from finding the right spot to
attracting the right spirit to beating off all the Wyrm-
beasts that'll try to ruin the deal.

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born —
Finally, this chapter showcases the only Garou to be
born, age, and eventually die all within the caern's
boundaries — the metis. It details what it's like to grow
up as a metis in the sept; there's also information on
metis conception, gestation, birth, adolescence and
finally death. Included is a comprehensive list of metis
deformities, a few more metis Gifts and metis-specific
Merits and Flaws — in effect, everything you need to
know to breathe some more life into Gaia's wretched.

So —slip out of your shoes and walk barefoot, and
lightly, in the heart of the Mother. Take up arms to
defend the world's last few urgent, vital, powerful
places. And above all else, keep your eyes open to see
the wonders that these places have to offer.

Because they make everything worth it.

Introduction: Opening the Caern 15

AR PT Es tently //,


Young cub! You would have us "pick and choose"
our battles? Leave our lands when threatened if the foe
is too many, so that we may fight when they are fewer?
Young cub! Our enemies will always be too many! And
without our homes we will be weaker still. No, we must
fight with all our strength. We fight for Grandmother
Earth, to protect her from the Wyrmbringers and the
Horned Serpent's children. A battle may be lost, but no

retreat can ever be won!

—Blade-Taker, War Chief ofthe Watching Falls Sept

Lines of Defense

Where do you find caerns? The images that come
readily to mind are stone and earth mounds, sheltered
groves, or mountaintops — places far from the touch
of human hands. But despite the growling of many
lupus, humanity's works are not necessarily distanced
from the spiritual. The deep spiritual connection of a
caern can be found in bars, monuments, office com-
plexes or even casinos.

Most caerns — certainly almost all of the oldest —
are in wilderness or rural places. This is fitting, consid-
ering most werewolves hearken to the ancient force of

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys

Y) aia einiemey //,

creation. The champions of the Wyld prize the primal
places of the world, where the corruption of the Wyrm
or the deadening embrace of the Weaver have not
touched. Many Garou claim that caerns require a
certain sort of spiritual harmony, and any outside
influence — whether the touch of an enemy, a stranger
or even an unwitting ally — sets up tiny ripples that
can eventually injure the caern itself. For that reason,
werewolves are doubly vigilant against outsiders who
might "taint" a caern's heart.


A minority of caerns can be found in urban areas
as well, and are usually of two varieties. The touch of
humans over time may "flavor" a location and predis-
pose it to becoming a caern, as in an institution or
national monument. Such a location gathers this
potential only when the humans' feelings regarding
the place are consistent. For example, if a given bar has
always been a light-hearted place, it might attract a
resonance of Humor, but if a hospital where countless
lives have been saved has also seen numerous deaths
within its walls, it cannot attract a strong association
with Healing. The other breed of urban caern is usually
quite young, having been created in the last couple of
decades; typically more Weaver than Wyld, these
sacred spots are located in skyscrapers and computer
centers where order and patterns reign supreme. While
Wyld caerns are fighting for survival every day, new
Weaver caerns are actually prospering.

Suburban caerns are for all intents and purposes
nonexistent. Wilderness caerns don't survive develop-
ment, and few suburbs have any sort of long-term
associations necessary for the connection with the
spirit world to grow. People flee to the suburbs to
escape city life, and then leave again as soon as the
suburb grows too cramped for their taste. Wetlands are
drained to kill mosquitoes, and wind up killing count-
less other animals that depended on the water and the
mosquitoes to survive. Despite what television has to
say on the subject, suburbia is just not the place where
the human spirit flourishes. Unfortunately, all these
factors (and more besides) mean that Wyrm caernsare
able to survive and even flourish in the "burbs. A
wilderness caern is laughably easy to corrupt when a
landfill or housing project is built upon it. And subdi-
visions can easily harbor as much angst, sorrow, lust
and hate as any urban sprawl —- made all the worse
because they're so commonly and tightly pent up.
After all, you don't want the neighbors to talk.

Different Caerns
for Different Bairns

If you've seen one caern, you've seen one caern.

—Bent-Bow, Uktena Theurge.

It's. been said before, but it bears repeating:
while most caerns have many of the elements
listed in this chapter, each is unique. Themakeup
and "flavor" of a particular caern is closely tied to
the totem spirit residing there (naturally), the
tribe or tribes claiming it and the individual sept
that calls ic home. Keep this in mind when
designing a caern.

18 Guardians of the Caerns

OLD LT tele /,

a A

Areas

Bawn

As you love the brugh, let none cross the bawn!

— Conn mac Aoghan, sept Guardian, Walking
Hill Sept

A Strider is never lost, thought Molly Joy-of-Het-
Heru, but she occasionally gets powerfully confused.
After stirring up that nest of Banes, she was happy to dive
out of the Umbra at her first opportunity. She found
herself in a rural area, the kind where there were no road
signs because the locals already knew where they were.
Six miles later, the sun was dropping and Molly Joy had
yet to find so much as a paved road. Half amile ahead, she
saw a barn. Maybe I can charm my way into crash
space and a bit to eat.

Then she felt it — like heat from a sun-warmed wall,
or a sound just beyond hearing. Slowly she turned, until she
faced a woodlot from which the aura seemed to come.
Ignoring the NO TRESPASSING sign, she jumped the
fence, wincing as she strained muscles still knitting together
from Bane wounds. Yes, the feeling was stronger here, and
it danced across her skin like a cool breeze, making every
hair stand on end. She had crossed a bawn. Quickly, before
she was taken for a trespasser, she raised her head and sent
a Howl of Greeting to the sky. Before the echoes faded, a
welcoming howl answered. Molly Joy smiled, for tonight
she had found a home.

The outer perimeter of a caern, known as the
bawn, is ordinarily where the outer defenses of the sept
are stationed. The bawn is not necessarily circular or
square, or even regularly shaped. It may conform to the
shape of amountain range or valley, or follow a pattern
of only Gaia knows what. The former extent of the
bawn may have been truncated in lands scarred by
development or waste — for example, the bawn of a
Primal-Urge caern in Tennessee is circular except
along one side, where agriculture was practiced until
the fields were abandoned only decades ago.

The bawn of a caern is not necessarily an obvious
boundary; however, any Garou, as well as certain
spiritually-aware non-Garou (some mages, psychics,
etc.) can sense when they've stepped across the bawn.
The particularly perceptive can often discern what
sort of caern they're entering.

Whatever its shape, the bawn is usually fixed in
space, changing size only when a caern changes in
power. As with anything else, of course there are
occasional exceptions — one wouldn't expect the
Wyld to conform to every convention. For instance,
the Bluewater Caern, consisting of an isle of an atoll,
has a bawn that stops at the water's edge, growing and
shrinking with the tides.


The boundary of acaern is not necessarily the limit
of its physical influence. The Garou very frequently
settled their Kinfolk just outside the bawn, close enough
to come when needed, yet able to watch for, and if
necessarily stall or fight, would-be trespassers before
they ever reach sacred ground.

Graves of the Hallowe? Heroes

Death is a natural part of life; for the defenders of
Gaia it is all too common a visitor. Werewolves accept
death, but like other living things, don't necessarily
welcome it. When possible, most caerns include a
place to honor their fallen, where Garou can remem-
ber their packmates. Ironically, this place of reflection
may also hearten Gaia's warriors by good example. To
have one's name and deeds of glory so honored by the
sept teaches a young Garou that if she's brave, she too
will be forever remembered.

This graveyard is usually a place of quiet reflec-
tion, set well away from assembly and living areas
(although some militant septs place the memorials
beside or even within the assembly area, as a constant
reminder of the glory of a brave death). Often, the
grave markers are subtle enough that only a Garou
would notice —a glyph ona tree trunk, or small stones
set in a peculiar pattern. These are usually memorial
marks, not markers of physical graves — every long-
standing sept has seen more werewolves fall in battle
than there is room to bury in acaern graveyard. There's
generally room for only the greatest and most valorous
— all others lie in the Graves of the Hallowed Heroes
symbolically, but not physically. Many homid Garou
are buried in human cemeteries amongst their Kin,
and many lupus are left in the woods where they were
born; in this way the Garou return, at least in part, to
the worlds they left behind long ago.

Every caern has its own way of putting its
septmates to rest. Since its inception over a thousand
years ago, the Ten Claw Sept has lain its dead to rest
in well-equipped earthen mounds, sized roughly ac-
cording to the warrior's deeds (though because of
space considerations, mounds have been built smaller
with time). The Sept of the Acrophon lays urns of the
ashes of the fallen in marble mausoleums, while the
Steaming Dawn Sept puts their dead to rest in forgot-
ten pyramids deep in the jungle. The Gaia's Bounty
sept tends an arboretum whose trees are scored with
the names of the fallen; the ashes of the dead are
scattered across the glen to fertilize the flowers that
bloom in riotous profusion.

On the other hand, lupus-dominated caerns of-
ten lack a memorial ground entirely. When the spirit
flies, the bodies of the fallen are considered inconse-

Wi yh GE

2
3
5

3


Aware beings have a difficult time describing the
mystical energies that mark acaern. If the power could
be heard, then the low background frequency would
rise in pitch when the bawn is crossed. If the energies
could be smelled, a faint odor would waft about. For

a caern's texture becomes more apparent as one
moves closer to the center
equate, but in the. stro
humans can pick
prone, growing even stronger + with proximity
to the caern's center; it would certainly be obvious in
its source. The center of a Caern of Rage would be an
unwise place to hang out on a full moon, even
without a Rite of Opening being performed.
Besides its type, a caern may also be flavored by
the aspect of the Triat most closely aligned with it.
It should go without saying that the Wyld dominates
most Gaian caerns with a secondary Triat strength,
and the caern's atmosphere reflects this in numerous
ways. Life flourishes at the heart, if only in little
ways; plants and mushrooms spring up quickly and
die out as quickly, living out their lives at an accel-
erated pace. Garou feel an undercurrent of, for lack
of a better term, potential — to many, this seems a

How (Does Jt Feel?

on he ads, Kinf kunconsciously keeping ever more

promise that tomorrow may be brighter than today.
This brings a sort of euphoria to the werewolves who
live here, a much-needed boost in a bleak world of
perpetual and seemingly futile struggle against cor-
ruption and despair.

Ina city caern (almost certainly controlled by
Glass Walkers) with ties to the Weaver, things are
"as they reasonably should be." Wyld energies are
quickly channeled into their logical paths. There
are few surprises, since Weaver totems actively
discourage chaos and entropy. This can manifest in
unusual ways: a flipped coin consistently landing

netual schedules, and so on. Most
rs are relatively conscientious about
eeping the Weaver-influence from getting too out
of hand at their caerns; they recognize that a little
randomness is a good thing.

Unfortunately, we can't forget that the Wyrm
has unholy places of its own. Corruption, darkness
and evil are given an almost physical form in these
wretched places. The hives of the Black Spirals carry
a taint that infects all who venture within, but the
particular manifestation varies. Within the Hive of
the Broken Manse, for example, the air is putres-
cence incarnate, and a nauseating weakness saps the
vitality of any Gaia-pledged werewolves from the
moment they enter. The Pit of the Withered Soul is
far more subtle, and Garou have spent hours within
its dank tunnels without feeling any worse than they
would in a pristine cave system. Within a few years
these same Garou fall inevitably into a Harano that
only death can end, for their souls are irrevocably
poisoned by the mystic emanations of the Wyrm.

ZA strong caerns, the energy may be felt like a mild
electrical current, with a tingle across the skin.

Because a caern's mystical forces are "flavored,"

it may be possible for a traveler to sense what type of

caern he has encountered at the bawn. This is

usually possible only in small caerns, but the sense of

quential to these septs, and are taken to an out of the
way place to mortify. It is the Songkeeper's job to
keep the memories alive.

Unless an urban caern includes a cemetery, it is
next to impossible to actually bury dead pack members
on site. In such situations, a shrine of some sort is
common. The defenders of the Gallows' Pole Caern
(housed in a large pub) hang pictures of their fallen
along one wall, while the Sept of the Sacred Logo
devotes half a floor in their high-rise office building to
a museum celebrating the memories of heroes by
displaying prized personal items and an interactive
kiosk listing each member's moments of glory.

20 Guardians of the Caerns
PS ET ier 2 /,

Living Area

"But it's not fair!" growled young Derrick
Twoclaw. "I've been here longer than him. How can
he take my room?"

Brenda Newshine, Derrick's mentor and member of
the Council of Elders, shrugged. "He outranks you, and he
challenged for the space. It's traditional precedence."

"Which part of tradition? Rank gets the goods, or mules
make good whipping boys?"

Brenda sighed. Before the raid and subsequent fire, this
would never have been an issue. Now, space was at a
premium; the youngest sept members had to live outside the


Jf You've Gotta Have a System...

To sense that unusual "tingle" that comes
with crossing a bawn requires a Gnosis roll (dif-
ficulty of 8 minus the caern's level). The Story-
teller may modify the difficulty based on the
distance from the caern's center, local mystical
"background" energies and any magical conceal-
ment or detection in use. Three successes give
the Garou an idea of the general strength of the
caern, while five lets her discern the general
nature of the caern.

Example: A Rank Four caern has a difficulty of 4
to detect..A Rank Four caern spanning half a city block
(relatively small) in a soulless comer of Detroit might
only require a 2 or 3, while a Rank Four caern covering
2,000 acres (large) in a rural corner of Ireland (high
"mystical background count") would probably be at a
difficulty of 6 or above for detection.

If a visitor has no Gnosis, then crossing the
bawn isn't going to be all that noticeable unless
said visitor is using some sort of supernatural power
to gauge the background energies. Humans, mages
and the like usually have to get fairly close to a
caern's heart before they can casually sense the
power around them — and let's face it, very few get
anywhere near that close.

bawn. But the boy was right; as a metis, he faced constant
discrimination and hazing. That was one reason she'd
taken the youngster under her wing. Loyalty to her old
friend, his late mother, was another. She wouldn't deny his
life was harder than it should be, but she knew the council,
and they would have little sympathy for the young Fostern.

"We follow traditions; don't forget that," she said, a
little sharper than she'd planned. The youngster needed to
learn some discipline and respect if he ever wanted to get
anywhere in the sept. Softening her expression, she contin-
ued. "I know it's hard, but I wouldn't make an issue of it
right now. Just accept it for the moment. I've been pushing
for the old building to be rebuilt so the entire sept can stay
here. They'll agree to it sooner than later, and then you'll
have a brand-new room. How's that?"

Head down, Derrick nodded with the resignation he'd
shown a thousand times before. But this time was once too
often. Too often the wants of untutored cubs were placed
before his needs, and to his bruised and smarting ego this
small thing was just one more blow. At that moment, deep
in his heart, a bitter-bred darkness was born.

Many of the larger caerns have living space for the
sept within the bawn. This may take the form of a
farmhouse, meadhall, trailer, treehouse, cave or even

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys

something as transitory as a tipi or lean-to. In cities this
can also take the form of converted office space,
barracks or a duplex. Living space is more than just
places to sleep, eat and wash. Libraries of collected
history and lore, forges and workshops, places for study
or meditation, recreation or workout facilities are
common when space is available.

Very small caerns may not have the luxury of
quarters for the sept. In such cases, sept members try to
have their homes as close to the bawn as possible.
Communication and security become problems for
these caerns — leaders must develop ways to get
messages to septmates quickly, be it a phonetree,
runners (human, spirit or otherwise), howl, signal fire,
or something even more inventive. At least some
Garou must find a way to be on site at all times, for no
sept would leave its caern completely unguarded.

As can be expected, ranking packmembers get
more living space than the rest. This is true even when
space is not limited. Few Garou would consider chal-
lenging this setup without a pressing need, since the
hierarchy of status is so fundamental to their society.
This gets out of hand only rarely. Only the most
tyrannical alphas would leave the sept out in the rain
simply because a dry house "is his due;" moreover, few
septs would let such unequal treatment go unchal-
lenged for very long.

When it's all said and done, a werewolf's idea of
"personal space" might be very different from ahuman's.
Privacy isn't necessarily guaranteed in a caern's living
area, particularly if the caern has been influenced by
generations of lupus elders. Many Garou require little
more than a place to stretch out, a place to keep some
dry clothes, and a place to eliminate waste — after all,
they reason, a werewolf's true home is his body. Regret-
tably, this attitude can alienate homids fairly effec-
tively, and has caused more than a few morale prob-
lems with newly-Changed youngsters.

Shrines

Ranulf knelt in the small room in the northeastern
tower. Before him hung an icon in the image of a
swooping bird of prey, its gold- and gem-encrusted form
sparkling in the light of the high window that looked out
over the fields and forests of the king's domain. The walls
about him held shelves neatly piled with knives, jewelry,
scraps of colored cloth, and locks of hair. Ranulf bowed
his head solemnly. Though proud of his skill with a
klaive, the king's champion took no joy in the duties he
carried out with the sacred weapon.

"Lord Falcon, I ask forgiveness, for in doing my duty
I have lessened your children's number. I pray that my
holy blade strengthened our tribe even as it killed." He


YE RPT STREP, MRE <= CSS =e 6

A

Le

Shrine Benefits

Depending on the size and appropriateness
(that is, number of material correspondences
and-other items of chiminage),.a shrine can
decrease the difficulty to summon and bargain
with the shrine's spirit by -1 to -3 at the
Storyteller's discretion.

held up a heavy gold ring. "His name was Henvri de
Calais, Lord Falcon. Except for his late madness and
treachery, he was valiant, a worthy friend and implacable
Wyrmfoe. Speed him to the arms of Mother Gaia, my
Lord." With that, the Ahroun placed the ring on a shelf,
bowed again to the icon, and backed out of the shrine. He
couldn't be sure, but he felt Falcon understood and
approved, and his own soul was at peace.

Another feature common to caerns is one or
more shrines. As the name implies, a shrine is a place
to meditate or pray. It is a place to do homage to a
spirit, to dedicate victories to a totem, or to ask for
aid. Packs often have shrines dedicated to their to-
tem, although Garou with a close personal tie to a
particular spirit (such as an Ancestor-spirit) may
keep a personal shrine as well.

Shrines take many forms, but they typically con-
tain objects or materials corresponding to the spirit.
The shrine of a war totem may be decorated with the
heads and weapons of foes, while that of an enigmatic
spirit might be papered with Escher posters and filled
with incense. (Other ideas for spirit-pleasing items and
rituals can be found in Axis Mundi: The Book of
Spirits.) A shrine may be found in a small box on a
table, a stone hut on a mountainside, or a chamber in
a cave, depending both on available space and the
spirit's (and pack's) inclination.

Because each pack may have a shrine (though not
all do), a caern could easily contain several shrines
scattered within its bawn. Garou might even keep a
shrine's location or even existence secret from the rest
of the sept, as they are both sacred and very personal.
Desecration of a pack's shrine is a mortal insult both to
the pack and the totem; even casual disrespect can set
a pack hunting down the Master of the Challenge to
oversee a duel.

Assembly Area

Otto looked about at those assembled in the clearing,
Fenrir and Kinfolk alike. No summons had been given, but
the sense that something was about to happen had spread
quickly through the small community. Now all looked
expectantly to him as the Philodox stepped forward.

"I have an announcement!" cried Otto. He pointed
to his son, who stood with the comely young Adela, the
orphan the proud young warrior had rescued three winters
since. "My son, Hendric, has told me his intention to take
Adela to his hearth three moons hence. As her guardian
and his father, I have given both approval and blessing. So
let it be known!" A cheer rose as Otto turned towards the
beaming couple, but he turned back when the sound
faltered and died.

At the other end of the meadow a pale-faced Kinfolk
stepped forward. Otto knew of him — he was Volke, a
brash man of eighteen summers and no great means.

"Hear me," shouted Volke, "for I challenge you for the
right! She is to be mine!"

Otto raised a warning hand to his son, then said,
"You are not Fenrir. You cannot challenge for her! Go
home, boy."

Volke looked ready to tear both Garou to pieces. "The
blood of the Fenrir is in me the same as in you! It is my right
to challenge who I will! I'll die before I see her with him!"

The boy was lovestruck, an affliction that made men
insufferably stupid. It was also an illness incurable. He
looked to Hendric, whose smoldering eyes made plain his
answer to the challenge. "So be it." Otto said solemnly. "In
this place at sundown, the challenge will be decided."

The assembly area is the social heart of the sept. It
is the place where most moots are held, where chal-
lenges are met, and where counsels are kept. The
layout of such a place varies considerably, but it must
be large enough to accommodate all sept members.
The assembly area ideally has room for visiting Garou
as well, although in truly cramped caerns, some septs
get around the space problem by conducting their
moots in the Umbra. At least one Glass Walker sept
claims to hold assemblies in virtual reality, although
this is surely offensive to most visitors.

As with the rest of the caern, this section reflects
the caern type, totem and sept. A sept with an air-
aspected totem such as Eagle or Wind is usually very
open to the elements, while one dedicated to Owl or a
spirit of the deep forest may be surrounded by high
trees that block the sky. Many gathering areas have
special places set aside for the sept leader or the elders;
this may be a throne, a boulder, or even a raised
platform of earth. Especially egalitarian septs (which
are rare, even in Child of Gaia septs) may lack this
feature, refusing to raise any one elder above the rest.
A central focal point, such as a tree or fire ring, is
common (and appeals to werewolves' sense of drama).
Memorials of battles or heroes are fairly common here
as well, where the living may often look upon the
reminders of past deeds. In the Caern of the Rent Sky,
the path to the council circle is lined with megaliths

Guardians of the Caerns

SS a

|


engraved with the tales of the many great battles
fought in the valley below. Nine boulders circle the
meeting place of the Sept of the Nine Crowns; six of
the stones are fashioned into the likenesses of the
prophesied great leaders who have won many glorious
victories for the sept, and the master stonemasons wait
anxiously to carve the next one in line.

It's considered traditional and appropriate to con-
duct challenges in the assembly area, where all can
witness the contest. Most duelists insist on the privi-
lege anyway; any grudge that requires a challenge is
important enough that the entire sept should witness
justice being done. The assembly area is also a good
rallying point in times of crisis, and packs often congre-
gate in or near it to hear news and announcements.

Assembly areas are usually easily identifiable as
such, simply by the physical necessity of a largish
area with good line-of-sight to the center. Ancient
stone circles, groves, open fields or craters are com-
mon meeting places. The Gallows' Pole Sept meets
in a main bar room, while the Neon Ice Sept con-
venes in an abandoned roller skating rink. As might
be expected, the Sept of the Sacred Logo convenes
in a large boardroom.

Caern's Heart

The heart of the caern is a step back in time, before the
schism, before the Gauntlet. It shows us what has been lost.
To visit the heart is to learn the true meaning of bittersweet.

— Marcus Cloudwatcher, Shadow Lord Philodox

The most sacred part of a caern is its center. If the
assembly area is the social heart of the sept, this is the
spiritual heart — the caern's more literal heart. Of
course, the center is not always at the caern's geometri-
cal center; there isn't even necessarily always only one
heart, as the triple-centered Brugh Na Boinne caern in
Ireland clearly shows.

The caern's heart is where the Gauntlet is nonex-
istent, and hence the place where the most powerful
rituals are conducted. Even an average mortal can
sense the power of such a place, although how she
interprets the sensation varies; a ecologist in harmony
with Gaia might enter the sacred grove with hushed
whispers of reverence, while a wage-slave accountant
might feel bouts of vertigo in the surreal environment
("Swamp gas?" she might wonder). Those bearing
Wyrm-taint in their souls may shudder at the danger
and unease they feel in this place.

Here the caern's spiritual nature is strongest —a
Rage caern seethes with palpable anger, while a
Fertility caern is as lush and warming as a mother's
embrace. The heart of a caern is also the only place in
these latter days where the spirit world and the

Stradvling the Threshold

It's true that Garou need make no roll to step
sideways at the caern's heart; nor do they need a
reflective surface to do so. In fact, any shapeshifter
within the heart of a caern — even those who
cannot normally step sideways — may walk into
and out of the Umbra at will. Spirits that are able
to Materialize may do so in the caern's heart at a
cost reduction of ten Power.

However, beings that weren't born or cre-
ated partly spirit in nature — like humans or
even fomori — are in potential trouble in such
a place. Although the Penumbra and physical
world are juxtaposed in the heart, there's no
guarantee that a human leaving the heart will
do so in the physical world. It's all too easy to
wander off into the Umbra and never be heard
from again — particularly as humans, vampires,
and even mages without Spirit magic are largely
incapable of affecting spirits or spiritstuff. Just
another reason that a caern is an inhospitable
place to the uninvited....

physical world are truly united. A Garou standing
here gets a surreal view of the caern and its inhabit-
ants; structures or formations may look very different,
particularly if they have dual natures. Spirits and
mortals may be standing together yet remain com-
pletely unaware of each other, but the Garou in the
caern's heart sees them with equal clarity.

Umbra

Ordinarily, only material things with a spiritual
investment and/or great age are present in the Penum-
bra. A brand new laboratory might not appear at all in
the spirit world while a cathedral, giant oak or even an
old farmhouse can be quite distinct. The key concept
is relevance — things that have proved important and
focal to their surroundings, either by seniority or
genuine human emotion, are most likely to have
Penumbral reflections.

Atacaern, the thinning of the Gauntlet results
in much more detail coming through. Most features
in the physical realm can be seen and even felt
(well, by shapeshifters and other things able to
touch spirit matter) in the spirit realm. In fact,
during high holy nights in the most powerful caerns
it is possible for even shapeshifters to slip across the
Gauntlet accidentally!

Of course, Penumbral structures or objects may
not appear as they do in the sunlit lands. A com-

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 23

Y geile tteienney //,


puter terminal commonly looks like gossamer fila-
ments of webbing on the other side of the Gauntlet,
while a well-tended and healthy hedgerow might
seem wild and lush to spirit eyes. Again, spiritual
resonance and even symbolism are more important
than realistic detail.

While most spirits slumber in typical Penumbral
locales, the reverse is commonly true at a caern. Even
buildings are liable to have a fledgling spiritual aware-
ness. Theurges have an especially difficult time carry-
ing on a conversation with so many Umbrai beings
clamoring for attention. This can prove very involving
and interesting for a Theurge's player, though; Story-
tellers are welcomed to devise plenty of opportunity for
a crescent-moon to get to know the local spirits. This
helps keep a Theurge involved, and can work well to
play up the distance between a seer and the rest of his
pack. ("Of course this is necessary. You don't listen to
the stones like I do. It's no wonder you don't get it.")

Local spirits have a close, often individual rela-
tionship with the Garou of their caern. They are
quicker to aid the sept, teach Gifts, or pass on lore. In
return, wise Garou show deference to and readily
perform services for the spirits. Many Theurges insist
that sept members spend a good deal of time in the
Umbra to keep their spiritual ties strong. They also try
to maintain harmony among the spirits of the caern,
for any disagreements or fights in the Umbra will have
repercussions in the physical realm.

Supporting the Caern

"Okay, what now?"

The four unkempt teenagers stood in a circle around
the fire ring, looking at a fifth. Pete licked his lips and closed
his eyes like his late mentor, the Caller of the Wyld, used to
do. It helped him stall for time. He and his pack had finished
their Rite of Passage only a month before the big attack. All
the elders, the other packs — all dead, except these five.
Rides-the-Mist had told him the importance of the moot,
how it kept the totem happy and the caern alive. Unfortu-
nately, he hadn't taught Pete how to do it. Neither had he
introduced them to any other werewolves — Garou, he
corrected himself.

Around him, the air thrummed with the caern's power.
Think! What did he do next? "Okay, we howl," he said,
as certainly as he could manage.

"We just did that," Suzanne said, alittle exasperated.

"Yes, but now we howl for... the totem," Pete said
quickly. "We... pray for his blessings." The pack lifted their
heads and began to howl, a little dissonantly, the young
Theurge thought. "Oh, great Lion, we call to you, and ask
for your blessings, uh, we who are your children, for we are

24 Guardians of the Caerns

—s 7

Garou, ah, and we need your guidance to strengthen us and
protect our caern and...."

"I don' tfeel anything." AtSuzanne's interruption, the
howls wavered and died. "When Rides-the-Wind did it, the
air was full of electricity. And I know I heard Lion roar."

"It's Rides-the-Mist, and do you want to try it?" Pete
exploded in frustration. He felt his skin grow tight, his
hands cramping, on the verge of the Change. "He hadn't
gotten around to teaching me anything useful yet, just a
bunch of vague mystical crap. But he was crystal on how
important moots are. So we' ve got to figure it out!" I've
got to figure it out, he added silently. I failed my old
family; I can't fail my new one.

The Garou must do more than protect their caern
from outside threats — they must tend and nurture it
in much the same way a gardener cares for a fragile
hothouse flower. The specifics, as with most every-
thing in this chapter, vary by sept and tribe. A nearly
universal part of keeping a caern vital is the moot
(detailed in depth in the Werewolf Players Guide).
Monthly moots recharge the mystical energies that
make the caern a holy place; this energy is gained from
the Garou themselves, as they stoke their passion in
the sacred Revel that ends a moot.

The Mechanics

Generally speaking, an active caern needs its
Garou to feed it each lunar month, to the tune of
five points of Gnosis per caern level. The lion's
share of this donation typically comes from the
Revel, but a werewolf may make a donation of
Gnosis at any point. Such donations can take the
physical form of meditation, wild dancing or
whatever else seems appropriate — but a Garou
has to do something to connect his innermost
reserves to his home. It's not like dropping off a
check into an. ATM — and let's face it, dramati-
cally speaking, it shouldn't be.

‘Storytellers may decide that a caern's Gnosis
needs can also be fed by scrupulous attention to
the caern; for instance, if the Keeper of the Land
does an exemplary job of making sure that the
caern's energies flow unimpeded from place to
place, the caern might gain an effective point or
two of Gnosis each month from this care.

If a caern isn't "fed" regularly, it lapses into
inactive status — its loses its tether to its totem
(who retreats into the Umbra), the Gauntlet rises
in its heart, and the Rite of Opening can no longer
draw on its powers. To reactivate the caern, the
sept must perform the Rite of Caern Building —
which is no small feat.


Good Neighbors, Part One

Whether bound by tribal affiliations, personal
friendship, moon bridges or simply a common
imminent threat, most septs have ties to other
septs. The days of inviolate territory are, quite
simply, long gone. When the unthinkable hap-
pens and a sept is crippled beyond the means to
hold and care for a caern, these septs pull together
to provide guardians and Theurges to keep the
caern viable. If this isn't an option, septs may
throw membership open to any untainted Garou.
They often recruit ambitious young Garou hun-
gering for positions and status. This is how many
mixed septs are formed.

There are other ways to keep a caern healthy. The
Garou who holds the office of Keeper of the Land
makes sure the caern is kept up; whether it's adjusting
building layout to promote a "positive feng shui," or
getting the cubs to clean up trash and fallen limbs
before moots, the effort shows respect for the caern
spirits and for Gaia. This doesn't work well for all
caerns, though; caerns of Primal-Urge and Wyld in
particular draw no real benefit from orderly grooming.

Naturally, each sept performs the old rituals with
varying degrees of vigor, depending on the sept's
overall personality. Some septs, such as the Sept of
Bridget's Blessing, rigorously uphold all the traditions
and rituals, making every day at the caern one of holy
observance. The Silver Fangs of the Sept of the Bright
Talon likewise follow their traditions, although unfor-
tunately more to the letter rather than the spirit. Even
so, almost all septs are scrupulous enough to follow the
basic rituals with appropriate reverence, but it's all too
common skimp on the lesser-known and seemingly
less relevant rites.

Unfortunately in these latter days, caerns aren't
always treated with care. Too many septs, particularly
those that have lost the guidance of their elders, are
sloppy with the moot rituals. Younger septs have a
bad habit of keeping moots irregularly or otherwise
neglecting the responsibilities of caern keeping. Of-
ten, attrition in the war against the Wyrm leaves
septs with too few to perform the proper rituals, or
with members too young and inexperienced to know
what to do. Even old, established septs may have
simply forgotten important rites.

And, unfortunately, some septs simply ignore the
traditions. Some feel the antiquated ways have no
relevance to modern Garou life. To others, dancing
circles and drumthumping lose importance when the

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys

Wyrm threatens the very existence of Gaia and the
Garou. These youngsters often learn of their folly the
hard way — the very hard way.

Regardless of the reason for neglecting a caern, the
price for doing so is steep. The power of neglected
caerns begins to ebb away, and before long they be-
come dormant, their spiritual connection broken. A
tragic few caerns go bad — their magic goes sour and
they become especially susceptible to Wyrm-taint.
Black Spiral Dancers are always on the lookout for
such a place, particularly as it's usually quite easy to
take the territory from the incompetents in control.

Supporting the Sept

Ulfred clenched his teeth in frustration. Quickfoot's
lupus mentality made it nearly impossible to explain human
politics. It didn't help that his stomach was knotting with
hunger. Even with the sept's crescent-moons asking the
spirits for help, the crops were very poor. They'd managed
to keep most of their Kinfolk alive, while the surrounding
manors were losing roughly one peasant in four to disease
and starvation. But the king was a foolish man, and he
would not be satisfied with mere subsistence. He wanted
taxes. And now the tax collector was nearing the village.

"Quickfoot, my friend, you don't understand! If we
kill the sheriffs men, we'll have the High Sheriff himself
coming for the taxes, and he' ll bringa score of his best. Even
if we killed them all, the crown would think he's been
invaded and send every knight in the surrounding shires to
take us down."

The lupus snarled. "But this is our territory! Our Kin
are here, our blood is here. Why should this man make
demands on us for what is ours?" She dug deep furrows in
the packed earth with her claws.

"Because the king thinks he owns all the lands, includ-
ing this forest."

With a toothy grin, Quickfoot replied, "Well, have
the king come on then. I'll teach him a little something
about ownership."

Ulfred sighed and rolled his eyes. Gaia grant that
more half-moons be born while common sense could still
save them....

Garou can't survive on Rage and will alone. They
need to eat, and they need shelter. Except for ascetics
and some lupus septs, they also require at least a few
modern conveniences, such as tools, electricity, ve-
hicles, weapons and telephones. To acquire these things,
one usually needs cash. Because of the Rage that burns
within them, not to mention their duties defending
caern and Gaia, werewolves have a hard time holding
down paying jobs. With enough land, a wilderness sept
can subsist, but that's about it — no electric company


a A

will take payment in exchange for a deer haunch and
some otter pelts. A more commune-type setup can
support itself and trade for other basics, but anything
more extravagant is all too often beyond their means.
And this says nothing about ownership of the property
— if the sept doesn't legally own the caern, or can't pay
the taxes, it becomes very vulnerable to acquisition by
real estate developers or other less savory interests.
Unless the sept leader is independently wealthy (such as
stereotypical old-money Silver Fangs or new-money
Glass Walkers), self-employed (with flexible hours!) or
has a grant from sympathetic outsiders, the sept will
need to find some way to support itself. Some, particu-
larly among the Bone Gnawers, have no qualms about
grabbing some cash or fencible goods from their victims
during a raid, but this is risky — the money of a Wyrm-
tainted executive may itself carry taint.

Some may find it ironic, others proper, that
the Garou frequently must look to their Kinfolk
for support.

Human Kinfolk

"How did they take her?" asked Ironskin, his Rage
momentarily dampened by the icy grip clutching his in-
nards. Sweet Gaia, his sister, Adalay, was in the clutches
of the Black Spirals of the Carrion Pit! The rest of the pack
stood heavily around him, too stunned to utter a growl.

"I don't know," replied Clear Measure in the non-
chalant tone he affected whenever he was deeply shaken.
"They never crossed the bawn. Perhaps your sister went
to the river. Their spokesman was very clear about terms.
The Spiral said he would release her, untouched, if Daniel
Ironskin will go to the Hive in her place. They asked for
you by name."

The Ahroun thought a moment. No, he planned a
moment; thinking was the last thing he needed to do, for
if he thought too much he would lose his nerve in grief
and fear.

"Are they still at the bawn's edge?" he asked, drawing
on his inner strength to push the cold fear away.

"Yes, my chief. Five at least, well armed. They have
her with them." Clear Measure paused. "Save for a bruise
on her cheek, she looked unharmed, only fearful." Think-
ing to comfort his leader what little he could, he added
quickly, "But she wore a brave face."

Pointing to a brace of warriors, Ironskin said, "I want
you two behind me. Nightrage's pack, I want you to slip
around and charge in from the flank. The Theurge, to the
Umbra to gather spirits for an ambush should they slip
sideways — go now, but be cautious that none of them are
already there. Farshot, if three arrows haven't found their
marks before my blade does, you've shamed yourself.
Should any escape, I want you, Moonshadow, to track

W =

)
‘f y

ag WS

eo,
OG ae Dae
LAr

ae


them back to their lair. On my signal, we strike. We strike
as one, and we send the bastards screaming into Malfeas!"
At his stabbing hand gesture, all ran to take up their
appointed positions, leave only the elders at the ring. All
looked at their leader, who stared into empty air. "And
Farshot," he added, ina voice as weak as adying man's, "If
you get a clear shot...."

"I understand, my chief." Though he felt his friend's
pain, he knew that if the Carrion Pit Spirals had the girl in
their filthy talons, she was already tainted in body, and her
soul would soon follow. He was proud of his chief, who
could do the right thing, the merciful thing, for the Kin he
held so dear.

In many septs, Kinfolk living near or within the
bawn are expected to support the Garou, or at the very
least to provide for themselves. This could be as simple
as paying rent for crash space, or as complex as manag-
ing investments for the sept. Kinfolk may be farmers or
crafters, feeding and supplying their Kin. Others serve
in other ways, by taking jobs as forest rangers or local
beat cops to better guard the caern and its inhabitants.

The Kinfolk aligned with the Sept of Bridget's
Blessing include musicians, carpenters and farmers
who, together with the gigs and crafts the talented
sept members produce, bring in enough to keep the
taxes paid and food on the table. The Bone Gnawer
Kinfolk of the Mudpuppy Sept pool their money from
odd jobs, overtime and panhandling. At the Temple
of Evening's Peace, the Kinfolk are expected to con-
tribute of money or food in return for the healing
prayers to the caern's spirits.

How the Kinfolk Feel

How do the Kinfolk feel about supporting
their Garou relatives? There's no simple answer.
Some take to it with a religious fervor, donating
most or all of their salaries to the "cause." Others
deeply resent this "forced tribute," and may be
looking for a. way to get out of cheir service to (and
get back at) the werewolves who bully them. But
between. these two extremes lie the majority of
Kinfolk, who are glad to help and willing to give
their share, but also have their limits. Ideally
werewolves should be mindful of their helpmates'
feelings, neither asking too much nor taking for
granted what is given. Resentment, distrust and
anger are calls that draw the Wyrm; caerns fall as
often from within as from without.

And just to sneak in a blatant plug, Kinfolk:
Unsung Heroes covers the issue of Garou/Kin
relations in extensive detail. It's valuable reading,
good and good for you.

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys

EE LT TTT LS TD IT

In the older septs among the Silver Fangs and
Shadow Lords, the Garou-Kinfolk relationship ap-
proaches that of a feudal lord and his tenants. The
Glass Walker's reputation for paralleling the structure
of La Cosa Nostra, while somewhat deserved, is over-
stated in most cases.

Kinfolk are not always a boon. One potential
problem area is that Kinfolk, being thinking beings,
may get more inquisitive than a pack of werewolves
would like. They wander places where the Garou
might wish to remain private. What if some Kin were
to slip into the heart of the caern and into the
Penumbra? Or perhaps the "interesting piece of wood"
he picks up is actually a fetish with a very touchy
spirit? Interruptions can botch a ritual, and don't
forget the ever-present danger of getting too close to
Garou when Rage burns high and hot. Most Kinfolk
know to stay indoors during a Revel, but tragic
accidents have been known to happen.

Worse, Kinfolk can be a vulnerable point for the
Garou, as human shields or hostages. Torture or
intimidation can make them divulge valuable infor-
mation about the caern and its defenses; blackmail
or mind control may even make them betray their
Changing cousins. Many Garou recognize this weak
point, and may treat their Kinfolk with less trust or
respect for it.

Generally speaking, though, Kinfolk can count
on the protection of their werewolf relatives — even
the Garou who see Kin as little more than a resource
must concede that they're a valuable resource. This
protectiveness can blossom into overprotectiveness,
and the obligation to protect a Kin line might even
get a Garou killed (particularly if there's real feeling
between the werewolf and his mate or family — and
there often is). Human Kinfolk are potential trouble,
but to every tribe but one, they're worth the trouble.
If they weren't, there wouldn't be any human Kin —
or Garou — left at all.

Wolves

"No, really, they're huskies. I raise them. Really."

— Leo Brenner, Glass Walker Philodox, being
caught in a lie

Even more problematic is the logistics of main-
taining wolves at caerns. To state the obvious, wolves
are not people. They think differently than humans;
their communication and social behavior may be down-
right alien to most humans. Even though Garou can
understand their full-blooded beast cousins, the ani-
mals may not be able to understand everything the
Garou expect of them.


Wolves, even unusually intelligent Kinfolk, are
still wolves. They are much more instinct-driven
than humans are. What a human might consider a
temptation, a wolf sees as an imperative. A wolf will
respond to any potential challenge or threat not with
false manners and veiled threats, but with plain,
decisive action. At the same time, being more intel-
ligent than most people give them credit for, wolves
are curious and mischievous. The combination of
intelligence, curiosity and instinct is apt to get wolves
in a world of trouble.

Then there is the question of supporting wolves —
not as simple as one might think. Simply to maintain
itself, a healthy active adult wolf requires an average of
close to four pounds of meat per day; to thrive, it needs
closer to ten pounds per day. This can be supplemented
with high-quality dry food as need be, but most Garou
frown on manmade foods as a surefire way to bleed the
primal side right out of a wolf.

The territory necessary to naturally support a pack
depends of the size of the pack as well as the abundance
of food. For example, a wolf pair in the north woods
may survive with a range of 50 square miles, while a
pack of ten may roam across literally thousands of
square miles. Of course, Garou tend to be more success-
ful at bringing down large prey than wolves alone;
however, such efficiency may eventually crash the
local deer herd.

In rural areas, there are other hazards. Sheep and
cattle are difficult for a hungry wolf to resist, and local
farmers will find wolf sign quick enough. In the World
of Darkness, wolves don't have nearly as many advo-
cates as they do in our own world. A rumor of wolf
activity near a populated area will invariably bring
gunmen looking for bounties, thrills, or the protection
of children and livestock. Even if the sept feeds its
wolves livestock away from prying eyes, wolves still
have an inclination to roam and a hunting instinct.

If feeding is difficult in farm country, it's damn
near impossible in urban areas. Because hunting is
out of the question, septs typically resort to buying
beef by the truckload, picking up roadkill and supple-
menting it all with dog chow. This can also lead to an
unhealthy wolf population unless the sept is particu-
larly careful; there are scads of potential health risks
in the meat industry, particularly in the World of
Darkness. There's no guarantee at all that the side of
beef that "falls off the truck" isn't going to make a wolf
sick — possibly even deathly ill.

Why would a sept go to all this trouble? Few
werewolves would even ask the question. Loved and
cherished, wolf Kinfolk strengthen the lupine blood
of the Garou, a precious link which lamentably

WH wh ce a ee

\As

ay
NN

Sos

AU

<¢U amare OUPANE ET

!

Ethics and Wolf Kinfolk

"A caged wolf too easily becomes a dog."

— Richard Eyeshine, Wendigo Ragabash

Wolves are creatures of the wild, whether
on open plains, windswept tundra or silent for-
ests. Such a life is hard, and merely surviving is
often the best that can be hoped for, but it is
what made the wolf what it is today: hardy,
watchful, and cunning.

Assuming a sept can protect and feed their
lupine Kinfolk, they must face the fact that sur-
vival skills grow rusty with-disuse, and a. wolf
denied the freedom of the wilderness loses: its
ability to survive in that wilderness. An occa-
sional Glass Walker sept tries to maintain the
skills and fitness of their wolfpack through ob-
stacle courses and training grounds, but many
werewolves (even Glass Walkers) find such ex-
tremes laughable at best and offensive at worst.
Garou who insist on keeping wolves in confined
spaces, such as small yards or zoo habitats, will
likely incur a poor reputation, not to mention the
wrath of Red Talons. It would be much the same
as confining human Kinfolk to a house (or per-
haps a room) — no honorable Garou would see
their breeding stock, their family, deserving of
that sort of degradation.

Unfortunately, not all Garou are honorable
— but that's another story.

grows weaker by the year. Wolves also make excel-
lent caern guardians, easily noticing anything un-
natural or suspicious.

Protecting the Caern

As the alarm began to buzz, Flatline-the-Banes mused
to himself that there was definitely one good thing about
having a spiritually awakened house: the security system
worked in the Umbra. On the monitor, he saw the Black
Spiral pack look about in surprise.

"Five BSDs, north side," he called into his headset.

After a moment, the response came — Wired-For-
Rage, from the voice. "Two packs converging on the
location. Is it an assault team?"

"Negative, they're too lightly armed. I think it's that
scouting party the spirit warned us about."

"All right. Flatline, intensify active scanners on the
rest of the perimeter, they may be a decoy."

"Roger." He tapped a few buttons, then scowled.
"Wired, I have movement on the east side. Two BSDs,

Capturing Caerns

We're from the Shadow Lords. We're here to help.

— Damian Lastlaugh, Shadow Lord Ragabash,
about to score a caern.

Neglected caerns are ripe targets, and not just
for Wyrmish invasion. Certain tribes have ex-
panded their holdings in recent years by taking
control of the weak, neglected caerns. The Get of
Fenris and Silver Fangs are historically notorious
for this, usually arriving in strength and claiming
ownership of a caern (and sometimes a sept)
through intimidation, challenge or outright battle.

Shadow Lords are also adept at acquiring
new holdings, although through much subtler

ther knowledge and a
W to assist the overwhelmed young
Sarou. Then, more often than not, they will end
up owing a debt of gratitude to the Lord who just
took over the caern!

This isn't to say other tribes never take charge
of faltering septs or abandoned caerns, sometimes
forcefully. The Uktena and Wendigo still have a
few choice curses for the Fianna who stole as many
caerns as the Get did during the days of the
American frontier; Bone Gnawers nurse a few
tales of being muscled out of an area by Glass
Walkers who claimed right by virtue of superior
resources. Even the Children of Gaia are said to
have captured a Red Talon caern or three in the
name of "peace with the local humans." But when
the need is genuine, noworthy Garou fails to do all
he can to protect a caern, including giving aid to
an underpowered sept.

with some sort of rocket grapnel. I think they're going to
scale the complex."

"Copy that. Banefragger's headed up top to stir up
some spirit help. Do a quick physical sweep — this could be
a three-pronged attack." Flatline sighed as he switched
monitor #2 to physical mode and cycled through the security
cameras around the building. Well, it beats a day job.

No Garou treats a caern simply as a hangout and
convenient supply of Gnosis. It is a combination of
home and temple, dearly held. Countless Garou have
given their lives defending their caern, and thought it
a good trade. Even a rootless Strider would sacrifice
herself to save one of these holy places from desecra-
tion. Any Moondancer much past cubhood knows a
few tales of desperate, glorious acts of heroism to
protect the spiritual wellspring of a sept.

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 29

ee


And the days of such heroics are certainly not a
thing of the past, for enemies assail the Garou from all
sides. Threats come from minions of the Wyrm look-
ing for their own power sources, Weavert-spirits on
their own crazed "pave the Earth" mission, even from
mages who drain the precious energies from a fragile
caern as if it were an oil well. Furthermore, even in this
day and age rival Garou may covet the power a caern

LZ

provides — although they're usually politic enough to
couch such an invasion in terms of "liberating the
caern from those who, if pressed, would not be able to

hold it against the Wyrm."
Oy . Wh Na, Even so, the point of defending the caern is not to
LAN \ay\< . } mI die gloriously; if everyone strove for such a goal the
<- JA} = ys Wyrm would just stroll across the heaped bodies and
ger { take control at its leisure. The wise caern Warder
wouldn't think to leave his charge's fate in the claws of
f a few Ahroun, no matter how capable they may be;
instead, he uses every trick and ally at his
wey = disposal to protect the home of his sept.

Concealment

The two boys stood uncertainly on the dirt
road, studying the sign nailed to a tall pine which also
served as a post for the rusty strands of barbed wire that
marked the boundary to Crazy Man Sullivan's. The sign

was marked in hand-painted letters which said, "KEEP
OUT GUNS TILED" The red paint ran down the sign,
and the S was backwards.

"What's a tiled gun?" the black-haired boy asked.

"Tha'n't the faintest," replied his blonde compan-
ion. After a pause, he added, "Don't sound good,
@ though." Minutes passed as each boy thought, bal-

ancing curiosity and mischief with this unknown
factor. Guns were bad enough, but what kind would a
Tiled Gun do to young flesh?

"Don't reckon I need to know all that bad." And with
that, the first boy led the way down the road, looking for
adventures of a more predictable kind.

Perhaps the best protection is to not be noticed.
Small, weak caerns are seldom discovered if the Garou
in charge are lucky, clever and careful. The larger the

caern, the more powerful the spiritual emanations;
the Wyrm will take notice ofa Level 5 caern ifit isn't
warded with powerful rites, Gifts or other magics.

KO

n.

shamans of the Pure Lands, through age-old associa-
tion, have likewise used their powers to divert atten-
tion from these holy places. From the Burning Times

Y) AN
The Rite of the Shrouded Glen isa common method
of hiding a caern from spiritual observers, but it does
nothing for mundane trespassers.
| \ For generations, faerie glamours have hidden the
greatest caerns of the Fianna from prying eyes. The


| At the Root of the Korid

In Denali Caern, which has one of the largest
bawns in the world, a bawn patrol would last well
over a week. To save time, numerous patrols
usually cover smaller sections of the. bawn, with
more patrols near the eastern side where the tour-
ists are. Spirits and even a pairof Corax are. ‘also
enlisted to keep watch. Several Kinfolk work as
rangers and concessionaires in the National Park,
keeping an eye out for suspicious visitors.

Usually a small pack will watch over
backcountry hikers to make sure they don't cause
any trouble. No fomor or tainted hiker ever re-
turns from the backcountry.

to the present day there have even been rare alliances
between the occasional earth mage and sept, although
such arrangements are usually on the order of compro-
mise rather than fealty. Spells may make a bawn appear
a tangled and unwholesome wood, enchant any pass-
erby to be take no notice of the path leading to the
caern, or even subconsciously encourage visitors to
steer completely clear of the bawn.

For the majority of septs without access to trust-
worthy supernatural allies with such powers, there
are more mundane ways to hide. In town, a run-down
building with a CONDEMNED sign, or "BEWARE
OF DOG, BE AFRAID OF OWNER' tacked on toa
barbed-wire fence will go a long way towards deter-
ting the casual onlooker, although too many such
precautions may cause one to wonder what's there is
that's so worth protecting. Creative NO TRESPASS-
ING signs can have much the same effect in more
rural setting ("Trespasser's next of kin will be noti-
fied." "Give up hope if you cross this fence, because if
the heat, scorpions, rattlesnakes and cactus don't get
you, I WILL.")

Rumors are also plenty useful for keeping trespass-
ers out. The block everybody knows is the turf of a
vicious gang won't get much tourist traffic; police
attention might be a problem, but the World of Dark-
ness has more than its fair share of urban wasteland
where even the cops won't go. Land "everybody knows"
was the site of a radioactive sludge dump won't attract
developers. And nobody is going to go camping or
necking in the hollow where the pot-growing, shine-
brewing, banjo-picking locals make Copperhead Road
look like Sesame Street.

Sept members or Kinfolk can also do their part to
divert attention away from their holy sites. The Sept of
the Western Eye, which lives in the tourist-infested
Muir Forest, disguises Kinfolk and Garou as tourists or

park rangers, surreptitiously steering other tourists
back to the more-traveled parts of the forest.

Detection

To see what isn't
Tell me, cub, is this worse than
To not see what is?

— Shizu Sees-Within, Stargazer Theurge

The next step in caern protection is to observe
potential troublemakers before they arrive. The wil-
derness caern held by the Burnt Grass Sept has the
advantage of a hill dominating open shortgrass prairie
— anyone larger than a rabbit can be spotted from
miles away, and upwind intruders will be scented long
before they're seen.

Friendly Kinfolk around a caern's bawn provide
an excellent security network, especially when the
caern is somewhere few strangers frequent: for in-
stance, bad parts of town, backwater villages, gated
communities or high-rise offices. (This is also a popu-
lar method of defense among Black Spiral Dancers,
whose Kin are an effective information network and
a reason for locals to avoid the place.) Conversely,
places strangers are welcome and common — bars,
tourist locations or parks — guarding the caern be-
comes very difficult indeed.

Perhaps more useful still are the (super)naturally
occurring allies of the sept — the local spirits. Wise
septs will take pains to stay on good terms with the
local anima. Besides watching the Umbra, many spirits
can sense goings-on in the physical world. A content
spirit will alert the Garou more quickly, and when the
caern is threatened, every moment counts.

And of course, there are the Garou themselves.
Ideally (if not precisely typically), a caern has one or
more watchers stationed at obvious entry routes, such
as an alley, dock or pass. Roving sentinels wander the
bawn, checking out anything suspicious. If there's a
werewolf to spare, a similar rover (usually a Theurge)

Electronic Surveillance

In urban eaerns (and oceasionally in rural
ones), electronicssuch as cameras, motions sen-
sors, pressure. pads and laser eyes are in fairly
common use. Augmented by awakening their
spirits, these defenses become more‘effective in
the physical:world and also work in the Penum-
bra. Such devices are rare outside Glass Walker
caerns, though not unknown, forthey smack too
much of the Weaver — a definite handicap to
Renown, if nothing else.

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 31

AOA PT tinier //,


circles the caern in the Penumbra. Any of these
Guardians keep in touch with their fellows by dis-
patching spirits, howls, or other signals as need be.
Should an alarm be sounded, it falls to the Garou in
charge of defense (the Warder or one of the other
elders) to decide how to respond. If the threat appears
small, the practice is to send only a limited number of
Ahroun to deal with the threat, for the possibility's all
too real that the attack is only a diversion. For that
reason, sentinels stationed elsewhere are usually told
to remain at their posts to watch for other threats,
unless an "all call" is sounded. This howl or other signal
is a dire warning that the perimeter has been breached
and the caern is in jeopardy. So, between Garou,

Kinfolk and spirits, there is no excuse for an in- \
truder catching the sept unawares without the use
of potent magic and cunning.

@arriers

"Yessir, whatcha got here is perfect. The boggy ground »s es) SA
will funnel any attack force along the road, whichis open ' CLs,
to fire starting about 150 yards from the bawn. The "S$¥NM
ditches are spiked, so there's no cover there. If you 7U,PX
want, some bunkers could be set up at key points. I }
think even the Eagles would earn their pay
assaulting this side, assuming your people are
awake and can shoot straight. Are you ex-
pecting aerial attack? That'll be tricky, but
we'll come up with something just in case.
"Yep, the west side's fine. Now, east side,
we've got some problems...."
— Hauptmann Klaus Braun, Get of
Fenris Kinfolk, Black Eagle team leader
Nature often plays a role in a caern's
defense. Mountains, bogs and other rough
terrain can be effective against intrusion,
particularly intrusion by vehicle. Bayou
Endormi is surrounded by river on three sides,
and patchy swamp and bottomland forest for
miles on all sides; the Winter Pass Caern is
perched on a high rocky cliff.
Thick stands of trees, bramble thickets and \\\
thorny hedges can deter all but the hardiest in- \ \
truder. An added benefit is that, if awakened (and Bi
the sept would have to be pretty foolish not to do so)
the thickets will be just as effective in the Umbra.
The sept usually improves on local de-
fenses, building walls, berms, fences or moats.
Some septs go so far as to actively boobytrap their
territory, using pungi sticks, snares or pitfalls. The
Keeper of the Land may also carefully maintain
aset of false trails meant to lead casual intruders
well away from the bawn.

32

City caerns can be fortified just as easily, although
discretion proves much more necessary. Heavy walls
and gun emplacements around a neighborhood block
have a way of attracting attention. In run-down neigh-
borhoods or old factories, heavy equipment or rubble
can he strategically placed; doors and windows can be
barricaded, and broken glass and boards with nails
sticking up can slow down or even cripple attackers.
Well-to-do septs with Weaverish affinities have other
options; the compound of the Sept of the Sacred Logo
has all the latest "anti-terrorist" devices designed to foil
car bombs or assault teams trying to get on the grounds.

The downside to having barriers is that they can
also restrict movement of the Garou. Scouts or perim-
eter guards rushing into the caern, or defenders hurry-
ing to bolster the bawn, risk getting hampered by the
defenses. This can be alleviated by the maintenance of
concealed paths. Anyone not familiar with the maze-
like trails through the thick forest of the Caern of the
True Walker will almost certainly miss the cleverly
camouflaged Center Path among the many more obvi-
ous ones leading to dead ends or away from the caern.

Defenders shouldn't assume any barrier will stop
all comers. Fomori and Black Spiral Dancers can be as
inventive at overcoming obstacles as Gaia's Chosen.
But fixed defenses will hopefully buy time for the sept
to rally its own forces.

Guards

A barricade is all well and good, but without defenders
the Guard will have it down in half the time it took to put
it up. Can you hold what you've built?

— Renault the Rabble-rouser, Bone Gnawer
Galliard, revolutionary

Of course, no amount of fortification will stop a
determined attacker, and in the end, an assault almost
always comes down to claws, blades and bullets. And
let's face it, young hotbloods will be quick to tell you
there's nothing particularly glorious in watching fomori
beat themselves to death against stone walls, quick-
sand and wire. Of course, many elders who know the
price ofa lost caern feel that clean claws and dull watch
periods are a small price to pay for security. Still, as
much as the sept wants to keep the Wyrm out, the
minions of the Wyrm want in that much more — and
where there's a will there's a way. And so the final
defense of the caern is up to its werewolf defenders.

Generally, the more powerful a caern, the more
defenders it has; the greatest caerns attract defenders from
hundreds or even thousands of miles away. The Ahroun
usually take the forefront in any conflict, but in a pinch
every Garou does her share. Local Kinfolk are sometimes
enlisted in caern defense; while appreciated and some-

How Many Guardians?

As atule of thumb, a caern will typically have
Guardians equal to five times the caern's level.
Large, prestigious caerns may claim a higher num-
ber, but most septs just don't have that kind of
manpower — although Kinfolk and spirits can
sometimes make up most of the difference.

Having plenty of defenders may not seem that
hard until you realize that no one can effectively
pull guard duty all day, everyday, and only the truly
obsessedvattempt such a feat. Apart from factors
like sleeping and eating, most Garou have some
rt of life away from the caern. A glory-hunting
young Ahroun knows that while guard duty is
honorable, one seldom becomes arenowned fighter
of the Wyrm sitting at home. Likewise, there are
mates and families, friends and sometimes even
jobs to consider. The upshot is that a fair-sized
caern may only have a third of its dedicated
Guardians "on call" at a given time. Of course,
when a threat looms (word leaks of a Pentex
attack, or Black Spiral Dancers recently probed
the caern's defenses), every Guardian will be on
hand — or the Warder will know why.

times even expected, Garou know too well that against
the biggest threats to the caern mortal Kin can do little.

Spirit protectors

White Eye staggered to the lightning-blasted redwood
that marked the caern's center. The silver shot burned
within, but he had fared better than his pack. The Pentex
strike team had breached the outer defenses far too easily
with their explosives and rapid-fire shotguns loaded with the
moon metal. His pack had been shredded in moments, and
from the roars and shrieks behind him, it sounded like the
rest of the sept was going down fighting.

"Griffin!" he howled. "We have failed! The sick apes
have stolen your home! But know your sept gave their lives
to defend you." He turned to lope back, to take his place
with the dying Garou, whena shrill, angry raptor's cry rent
the air. Crouched before the redwood was Griffin in all his
glory, flanked by four magnificent lions that roared as one.
The fury in the totem's eyes filled White Eye's failing heart
with fresh vitality. Howling a song of courage, he charged
back to the fray, the mighty spirits of retribution at his heels.

A healthy caern is never completely defenseless;
the totem that calls the brugh home will do what it can
tohelp its Garou protectors. The aid of the caern totem
depends on its strength and nature. Warrior totems are
apt to be the most direct in defense of their territory.
Invaders of Wendigo's caern may find themselves

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 33

) aie neieenieay //.

|


Good Neighbors, Part Two

In times of crisis, close ties with nearby
caerns are invaluable. A quickly opened moon
bridge from a neighboring sept can double a
caern's defenders moments after an attack be-
gins. Of course, this works both ways — a sept
may find itself losing warriots in the defense of
another caern. Furthermore, no caern Warder
would allow all his caern's defenders torun tothe
aid of another caern — no sense in risking the
loss of two caerns when not even one can be
spared. Finally, calling upon one's neighbors too
often or frivolously may cost the sept dearly
when a real threat looms. (So remember, kids,
never cry... well... you know.)

crippled by a bone-cracking cold, while Fenris may
send a band of ancestor Fenrir berserks to crush the foe.
Less combative totems must be more creative. Dana,
for instance, may sing or spina tale that could entrance
or shame any fomori with the slightest touch of hu-
manity left in them. A caern controlled by Fox may
become foggy, its trails labyrinthine to any stranger,
allowing the Garou guardians to regroup and attack
their disoriented foes. In extremis, the totem may even
materialize at the heart of the caern to do battle with
the invaders. Such an effort taxes the spirit, and time
or an infusion of Gnosis is necessary to return the
totem to its former strength.

Pack totems likewise aid their charges by lending
them gifts and charms. If a pack has devoted their
energies to honoring their totem, the spirit may have
grown strong enough to wield other powers. Minions
of the Wyrm may run from a powerful totem that
openly fights beside its pack.

As mentioned before, caerns are alive with spirits,
many of which can play apart in its defense by clouding
an enemy's senses, stealing weapons, or making the
land impassable. And of course, many spirits are will-
ing to do actual battle with Wyrm-creatures — in fact,
many would be denying their purpose if they refused.

Caern Spirits

Spirits abound at a healthy caern, but one spirit
has far more influence, prestige and outright power.
This spirit is bound to the caern, dependent on the
sept for protection but able to tap the caern's ener-
gies. It surrenders freedom of movement for an inti-
mate knowledge of the area within a bawn. The sept
venerates its caern totem, devoting time at moots to
keeping its favor.

34 | Guardians of the Caerns.

ania nite //

Bonding a Caern Spirit

All established caerns already have totems, of
course, but for the rare and miraculous awakening of a
new caer, or for a newly rededicated caern, a totem
spirit must bond with the land. Generally, a spirit
appears at the end of the caern awakening ceremony,
although in some cases it may not arrive for hours or
mote afterwards (for instance, if the caern was awak-
ened shortly before dawn, the spirit of Dusk may not
appear until evening.). It goes without saying that no
totem is attached to a caern it isn't naturally attuned
to. Even if a sept of Glass Walkers could secure a
Primal-Urge caern, there is no way they could con-
vince Cockroach to inhabit it. Similarly, no Wind-
spirit will make its home in dense forest or cave caerns.

On the other hand, the totem that presents itself
at the caern may not be what the sept might have
expected. Gaia herself makes the final choice. A sept
expecting Unicorn to bless their newly' awakened
caern of Healing may be surprised when an avatar of
Brook answers their call.

Though uncommon, it is not unheard of for more
than one totem to share the caern. Again, both totems
must make sense in the scheme of things; for example,
as a holy place of both the Fianna and the fae, the
Brugh na Boinne caern holds Stag and Dana as co-
totems. Antagonistic spirits may not share totemic
responsibilities. Caring for a caern with more than one
totem is much more demanding than usual, but the
rewards are correspondingly greater.

It's worth noting that the more powerful the
caern, the more likely that a powerful and important
spirit will answer the call. Level Five caerns almost
always boast avatars of tribal totems or other, similarly
important Incarnaas their patrons. This isn't necessar-
ily indicative of a pecking order among the spirit
hierarchy; it just tends to prove that powerful reso-

Cotem Avatars

One of the things Theurges must explain
frequently to young packmates is the concept of
"many-in-one." Lion, for example, has many ava-
tars that serve as both pack totems and caern
totems. They are all distinct spirits, yet all part of
Lion. Each avatar can wax or wane in strength
depending on the fortunes of its Garou associates,
which in turn changes the power of Lion by small
increments. And the Incarna knows what its ava-
tars know, so if you tick off an avatar of Lion, all of
Lion's avatars, from caern spirit to pack totem, will
know about it.


nances draw similarly powerful forces to them. A place
for everything, and everything in its place.

The Pact

Before a spirit officially settles into its place as
caern totem, it seals a pact between itself and the sept,
wherein the obligations of both parties are deter-
mined. Typically, the totem asks what is offered in
return for its service, and the Garou offer to protect and
honor the spirit. How this is handled varies by indi-
vidual spirit. Bull may thunder out of the Umbra and
demand what he will, with no room for compromise.
On the other hand, the sept's head Theurge may spend
several hours (or nights!) negotiating terms with his
City Mother totem before a deal is struck. And Uktena
may ask nothing directly but expect much down the
road. If the sept (or its members) are highly renowned,
have a reputation for generous dealings with spirits and
treat the totem with the utmost respect, the spirit may
take its place at the caern without asking for anything
save protection and proper treatment, knowing that
the Garou will "do right" by the spirit.

Generally speaking, though, a spirit will not haggle
too hard. A caern is a source of power and security, and
in general spirits prefer caern connections to freedom
of movement. Whatever they ask is due them out of
respect rather than greed, and any discussion is more
form than substance. Inexperienced Garou have no
way of knowing this, of course.

Benefits

The obvious benefit of the caern totem is to allow
direct access to the mystical energies of the caern,
including access to moon bridges. And like any other
spirit, the caern totem can teach gifts. But the spirit of
a caern has more to offer. Just because a Theurge must

perform a ritual to access the caern's power doesn't

mean the totem can't access them by itself; if the caern
spirit feels the need is real, it may offer the power of the
caern even without the proper rites. This most often
happens in times of war when no ritemasters are
available; after all, the totem must sacrifice some of its
power to offer such a gift.

Another benefit is enhanced access to spirits
aligned with the totem. A sept of one of Fenris' caerns
will find it easier to summon one of Fenris' brood such
as the Norns or the Hrafn, and find them better-
disposed to requests than would septs with other to-
tems. Similarly, a caern dedicated to Uktena might
offer some leeway with allied spirits, such as the spirits
of Wendigo's brood, or other water or serpent spirits.

But a caern totem's influence will also be felt in
ways no game mechanic can quantify. In a sense it is

Can Garou Become
Caern Cotems?

Though not wholly inconceivable, it's pretty
much unheard of for an Ancestor-spirit to become
a caern totem. Usually,-the ancestor must have
been powerful and of high rank. She must have
shown exceptional dedication tea particular cause
or sept, making her spirit in effect a "patron saint."
Usually, an Ineatna or Celestine intervenes to
elevate the Garou's spirit to minor totem status.
This is a much bigger deal than simply binding a
Garou spirit, to al and the Theurge who tries

more.than certain failure — she may incur the
wrath of an Incarna.

One knare cron is the Dawnstar sept's

in failure. Neon i wouldn't
ngth for another attempt, he spent
his life. force to open the mystic portal. It suc-
ceeded, and Gaia honored his sacrifice by making
him the caern totem. The Dawnstar caern is only
Level One, though, and it's entirely conceivable
that no Ancestor-spirit could serve as caern totem
to any caern of higher level — they just don't have
the seniority needed to gather sufficient power.

the living essence of a caern, the active personality if
you will. Itcan be felt as a palpable presence around the
caern. It is the eerie feeling someone is watching, but
for the Garou the sensation is comforting rather than
malign. Of course, to an unwelcome intruder, the spirit
will not be so welcoming.

If it is honored and protected, a totem's bond with
the caern becomes deeper, stronger and more perva-
sive with time. There often comes a point when a well-
tended caern could be expanded. A sept may have
built bridges between the Garou and the other Chang-
ing Breeds, or it may have crippled some aspect of the
Wyrm. When the sept has accomplished a monumen-
tal task for Gaia, the totem may intercede on the sept's
behalf to expand the caern. After all, it benefits the
totem as well as the Garou to increase the power and
prestige of the caern.

(Demands

In return for the power granted by the caern totem,
septs offer protection of the caern as a matter of course.
Garou also promise to tell stories and sing songs about

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 35

ati re iieey //,


on y)
. H
.. Like a Totem Scorned , 4)

A sept can suggest what sort of spirit bonds ad
with the new caern, but ultimately Gaia decides. <
If they welcome the spirit respectfully, all is well. 3)
Ifsept members reject the spirit ("We didn't ask for |

)

Raccoon, we wanted Fox!"), the new spirit will go

Za off in a huff, possibly throwing a curse or some
other mischief. The sept should soon realize the
severity of their mistake when the caern begins to
fade at the rate of one level per lunar month.
Furthermore, no self-respecting spirit will inhabit ° A ©
the caern after the chosen totem was insulted so; LE
the werewolves there have obviously proven that O
they aren't willing to treat a totem with the respect
it deserves. To stem the caern's deterioration, the

Garou will have to undertake a major act of
contrition (usually involving a major quest) to
appease both the spurned spirit and Gaia — if all
goes well, then the totem will agree to return and
the caern will return to full strength. If not, then
it's the Rite of Caern Building all over again....

the caern spirit. In addition, the spirit may ask for other
things, depending on its nature.

Wolverine may demand that the sept slay a
Wyrm creature every week (or less), while Eagle
requests that the bawn be patrolled at all times so
nothing escapes the sept's notice. Pelican may ask
that the sept devote itself to rehabilitating in-
jured wildlife, particularly those harmed by Endron
and other Wyrm tainted companies, while Uni-
corn may simply ask that the entire sept
gather once a week for fellowship and
thanksgiving.

Naturally, it falls to the Story-
teller to determine the specific demands of a
caern totem. Generally, the totem's requests fol-
low the rough pattern of a pack totem's Ban, but
can be adjusted depending on the amount of
effort the sept is devoting to the caern, the _ 8
size of the caern, the number of Garou ra
involved (asmaller number might catcha / %
break, since they're already working over-
time), and so on.

Limitations

The principal limitation should
be obvious: the spirit is rooted to one
spot. It can't leave the caern without
Herculean efforts. It certainly can't move the
caern around under any circumstances. Equally lim-

36

Y aii iaiaa tiie //,

ited are the spirit's senses: if the caern totem is nearly
omnipresent inside the bawn, it can tell next to
nothing about what transpires in the outside world,
whether physical or spiritual. It may send members of
its brood to ferry messages or investigate happenings,
but more often it asks the Garou to run errands of
more than trivial importance.

Caern and Spirit — Sacred Connection

The entire sept gathered, bleary-eyed, at the council
ring. Evil, confusing dreams dogged their heels all night,
chasing away restful sleep. The elders agreed that some-
thing was terribly wrong, that they and the caern were
under some great threat.

Sings-to-the-Black-Rock stepped to the center of the
circle, her bare feet crunching softly on the black sand. She
stopped before a slim obsidian blade topping a large chunk
of roped basalt. She closed her eyes and raised her hand
above her head.

"Our Lady of the Mountain, as you give your burning
blood to sustain us, so we give our own to protect you.
Speak to us now!" She slammed her open hand down hard
against the stone. There was surprisingly little pain at first,
and she opened her eyes to regard the shiny black blade that
now protruded from the back of her hand. As her blood
soaked into the hardened lava, warmth spread up her arm
and to the rest of her body. The warmth became a red heat,
then an agony like a flame was dancing on every nerve. She
fought back a scream, and then was beyond screaming as
the totem spirit subsumed her shell.

The rest of the sept saw her surrounded in a nimbus of

flame. Sings — no, it was Pele now — convulsed in the

flame, then relaxed. Her eyes opened, jet black against the
yellow-red of her molten-rock skin. She spoke in a voice
deep yet with the high pitch of a hissing steam vent in the
background. "War is at hand," she began....

The ancient saying, "the king is the land and the
land is the king" applies even more so to caern totems.
The caern becomes an extension of the spirit. The
totem is aware of every tree and rock like a wolf is aware
of its toes and tail. Little happens here that escapes the
totem's notice. This can be a great advantage when
looking for game or intruders; there is a downside as
well. Should something harm the caern, the totem
suffers. Clearcutting a forest or dumping pollutants
within the bawn strikes the totem as deeply as if a
Garou were klaivestruck. Many among the sept, and
certainly most Theurges, will be quick to pick up on
the totem's distress and quickly seek out the source.

Likewise, if the caern spirit weakens from neglect
orevil influence, the caern suffers — trees wither, clear
streams become murky, and the caern's energies be-
come tainted. Garou become especially alarmed when
such symptoms appear, for allowing the caern totem to
sicken is the first step towards losing a caern.

Again, this connection works both ways. A con-
tented, healthy totem will be reflected in the state of
the caern, resulting in forests rich in game, bountiful
gardens and general well-being (appropriate to caern-
type, of course — well-being in the traditional sense
may be counterproductive in a caern devoted to anger
and Rage). A well-treated caern totem may assist in
expanding a caern.

Chapter One: Of Caerns, Sorrows and Joys 37

POF LD PA OT a SY,


When we stood against you Wyrmcomers, we fell.

When you stood in our homes against the wicked spirits that
you'd brought with you, you fell. Now we stand together,
and if our totems are willing, we will not fall. Our cunning
and your savagery, our wisdom and your speed — it makes
my heart burn to say that we need one another, but there
is no other option. Come. Let us shed blood together.

— Weeping Stone, Uktena Philodox

It's been stressed before that no two caerns are
alike. Each caern has a character all its own, a
character that stems from a blend of factors — the
caern's location, its physical form, the local spirit
broods, its type, and so on. Equally distinctive, how-
ever, is the influence that a sept has on its caern. For
instance, a Rage caern discovered and maintained by
Red Talons would surely turn out very different from
what it would be if it had been claimed by Black
Furies, Wendigo or even Bastet.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines

Just as a tribe's practices can change the land they
call their own, their traditions can influence the
Umbrascape of a caern. The spirit broods of their
tribal totems bring additional elements to the caern's
texture, as do the beliefs and actions of their Kin. It's
true everywhere that the residents' actions can shape
the Penumbra of a place — but in a caern, the
changes are even more pronounced, and might bleed
back from the Penumbra to change the physical
world even further.


Che Garou

It's solid fact that of the few Gaian caerns left in
the world, werewolves control the great majority of
them. Gaia's warriors have proven the most effective
at capturing and holding caerns, and although their
grasp is slipping, they're still doing better than most of
the other Changing Breeds.

Although most Garou caerns follow a general
pattern, and have much the same areas within them,
there's still a great diversity of caerns and sept tradi-
tions among the Nation. Some tribes hold certain
traditions as sacred writ, while others ignore the same
traditions entirely. The character of a caern or sept is
thus greatly influenced by the tribe that protects it —
and as the tribe influences the caern, and the caern
influences the sept, some truly unique caerns are born.

Cribal Caerns

Since the Garou first split into tribes following
the Impergium, it has been their tradition to draw up
their boundaries along tribal lines. The unspoken
assumption was that since each tribe had its own
vision and its own strengths, the tribes were better off
pursuing their goals separately. This led to greater
unity within septs, although sometimes at the ex-
pense of outside relations.

Over the centuries, each tribe gradually evolved
its own specific traditions for the proper maintenance
of their caerns. Although each Get of Fenris caern had
its own structure and landmarks, the tribe's fighting
spirit and emphasis on strength ensured that each Get
sept would have a spacious area for tests of strength and
physical challenges, as well as a rock-solid bawn de-
fense. It's for this reason that caern stereotypes are
actually fairly useful — two caerns held by the same
tribe may look completely different, but a tribe mem-
ber will probably find enough common elements in
each one to feel at home.

Mixed Blessings

In these desperate days, of course, there are very
few caerns left held entirely by one tribe; even the
urban septs of the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers
usually have a few representatives from other tribes
among them. Multitribal septs suffer from increased
rivalries and infighting, and have a less focused pur-
pose, but they can also draw strength from their
diversity. A sept composed of Red Talons, Bone
Gnawers, Black Furies and Uktena may not have very
many points in common, but it can also marshal an
impressive mix of ferocity, cunning, willpower and
wisdom in times of need.

40 Guardians of the Caerns

OE. LT Ta nti //,

A caern held by a multitribal sept enjoys a mix of
landmarks and features, just as it enjoys a mix of
defenders. Each area might be a compromise in some
way or another, speaking volumes about the tribes who
live there. For instance, in the Graves of the Hallowed
Heroes of a Get of Fenris/Silver Fangs caern, each
marker might house a bone from the warrior it honors,
and be hung with weapons appropriate to the fallen. If
the Get sufficiently outnumber the Fangs, then they
might refuse the Fangs permission to honor fallen
Garou who weren't proven in battle. Storytellers are
encouraged to develop similar fusions of tribal culture
to showcase the caerns in their own chronicles.

Please note that the following descriptions repre-
sent trends in caern-building — they shouldn't be
followed to the letter. The Storyteller should make
certain that every caern is different from the stereo-
type in at least three respects; this is important to
reinforce the locale's singular identity. The phrase
"Black Fury caern," for instance, should always in-
spite a wide range of ideas, instead of one fixed image.
The players should know something of what to ex-
pect from a given tribe's caern, but they shouldn't be
allowed to rely on that knowledge.

Black Furies

The joyous cries and howls were echoing all the way up
to Artemis, and all the way down to where Pan-Foot stood
watch. He thumbed the edge of his labrys, and mournfully
wished for the thousandth time that he might have been born
female. He felt that he'd even gladly suffer the pain of
growing up metis all over again, even take the burden of the
damned hooves again, if only he were able to partake in the
rites to Moon and the Mother. It was a warm night, yes —
but it felt awfully cold to him.

He'd never been allowed out of the bawn. Yes, of
course part of the reason was shame — but how would he
explain away the split hooves that were his birthright? The
caern had visitors now and again, all female — and they all
looked at him with pity or disgust. One Strider metis had
even tried to stir his anger against his mother and his sisters,
claiming that he was entitled to more than they'd given him.
She'd been furious when he had no answer for her. Well,
truth be told, he did have an answer for her — but she
obviously didn't want to hear it. How could she understand
how much his mother and the sept had given him simply by
allowing him to stay in the first place?

Suddenly there was a stink on the wind, so sharp that
Pan-Foot's thumb reflexively twitched onto the blade. He
snapped fully erect, surging upward into his true form, his
birth form. He could feel the furnaces within him ignite,
already drowning out the pain in his thumb.


Forgive me for disturbing the rite, sisters and
aunts, he thought. Forgive me, Luna, but I must.

And he howled, long and plaintive, even as the spidery
shapes leapt from cover across the clearing at him....

The Furies have appointed themselves guardians
of the Wyld, but they are rarely inclined to seek out
the Wyld in cities. They prefer caerns in the deepest
wilderness, in places where nobody would expect to
find human habitation. Unfortunately, such places
are much rarer in the modern age; a Fury caern is
often surrounded in local rumor and mysticism, sim-
ply to keep the humans from getting any closer than
they already are.

The Furies are great proponents of defending a
caern through secrecy and stealth, using rites such as
the Badger's Burrow in conjunction with more mun-

dane forms of stealth. Many Furies deliberately guide

the vegetation around their bawn to grow as thick and

wild as possible, with only a few hidden trails through:
the thickets. A few septs have crafted fetish horns that, -
when sounded, release fog like that generated by the:

Gift: Curse of Aeolus. The mystical fog blankets the
entire bawn, and restricts the vision of anyone other
than a Black Fury. (Needless to say, the Furies have
never contributed such an item to a multitribal sept,
and it wouldn't be that useful there, anyway.)

At the heart of a Fury caern, the Wyld flourishes.
Many objects and spirits there are of a transitory
nature, whether they change along certain patterns

(such as Lunes and other Moon-spirits) or randomly -

(like Wyldlings). Fury mysticism surrounds the caern's

heart, and each sept has certain taboos and traditions ©

governing behavior there. A Fury moot is often more
ritualistic than the moots of other tribes, as the Furies
pay chiminage to their ancestors, the Wyld, the moon,
the caern totem and other spirits all at once.

Many Fury caerns build amphitheaters to serve as
their assembly areas; the design was effective in the
time of their ancestors, and it's still effective today.
Others prefer a more natural environment, and modify
natural glades only as much as necessary to make
assemblies feasible.

The living area of a Fury caern can take almost any
shape or form. There might be a few small cabins that
homids would find comfortable, or there might be a
complete lack of structures. The tribe doesn't usually
worry much about privacy — they certainly do their
mating well outside the caern boundaries — but some
younger Furies demand a little more space to them-
selves. (Whether they get it or not is a different story.)

Inrecent years, many Fury septs have made certain
that there's a private area suitable for childbirth —
more specifically, for the Crinos-form birth of metis

cubs. Although the tribe would rather such an area was
never used, the cold reality is something different.

Pegasus and her brood are often appeased by offer-
ings of art and poetry, and this preference can be seen
in the shrines of a Fury caern. The Furies offer gifts
made by their own hands, whether weaving, painted
pottery, or even sculpture. Of course, some of the more
vicious camps and septs also offer the blood of their
enemies — and some of the more aggressive spirits
demand such sacrifices, even from more compassion-
ate Fury septs.

The Furies are right around the Garou norm when
it comes to honoring their dead. Some septs pay
exacting reverence to their Ancestor-spirits; others

‘spend almost all of their time focusing on the living.
- The majority simply tends their memorial areas regu-

larly and offers prayers to their forebears as appropriate.

Fury septs sometimes name their memorial areas Gaia's

Repose, or more rarely the Nekropolis. It's very rare for

their male metis children to be remembered in such a

place, but it has been known to happen before; in fact,
it's almost certain that when the blind old Teiresias

‘passes on, he'll be remembered in the Nekropolis of the
"Sept of Bygone Visions itself. Even after millennia,

though, this is still a controversial issue.
"The Penumbra around a Fury caern is often

- relatively still; the Furies don't attract quite as many
~ Gafflings to themselves as other tribes might. The
atmosphere is more than a little foreboding, thick
-with the slumbering tage of the tribe. Luna's light

shines down sharp and crisp, strengthened by the
many rites in her honor. The spirit vegetation, if any,
grows thick and lush; there are sometimes even
dryadlike awakened Plant-spirits hiding amongst the
foliage. If the caern is particularly strong in Wyld, the
Penumbra might constantly shift its geography across
the entire bawn, making it exceptionally difficult for
anyone not in tune with the Wyld to find her way
from place to place.

Bone Gnawers

"For Gaia's sake!" Roland Metalsinger finally ex-
ploded. "You think this is a social visit?" He jabbed angrily
in the geezer's direction with the battered cue. "I told you
I was here carrying a formal message from uptown — a
message you could' ve gotten sooner if you'ddo us alla favor
and install those secure lines already — and all we' ve done
is drink cheap beer — cheap, warm beer — and shoot
nineball with seven balls and warped cues ona table that I'd
swear somebody's given birth on!" He slammed his cue
down for good measure. "Now are ‘you going to guide me
to your caern, or should I just go home now and leave you
to the sweepers?"

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 41

as 1


ae A

"You're already in the bawn, ya little snot. You just
didn't notice, what with that thick head and all." The old
man pointedly picked at a chunk of food between his teeth
then jerked his head in the direction of the closed door at the
far end of the room. "I'll take you deeper when you're good
and ready. But for now, wouldja do me a favor and take
your damn shot?!"

One might think that the Bone Gnawers don't
have very many caerns to their name at all — after all,
caerns aren't something that the lowest tribe would
receive as hand-me-downs. However, that assumption
is pretty far from the truth. The Bone Gnawers are
practiced at finding what other werewolves might
overlook or ignore, and that includes caerns. While a
Black Fury or Wendigo might turn up their nose at an
abandoned nursery school, the Gnawers might have
the perception to discover that the grounds have
absorbed a lot of Humor energy over the years, and
might make a good caern.

Most Bone Gnawer caerns are urban; the other
tribes often believe that Gaia has abandoned the scabs,
and even the Glass Walkers aren't likely to look in the
poorer sections of town. And since most caerns that
are "going to waste" are in the cities, that's where the
Bone Gnawers build them. However, there are still a
number of rural Gnawer caerns, particularly among
the Hillfolk portion of the tribe. These caerns are
usually nestled off Appalachian dirt roads, on the
mountaintops and in the valleys in which the Wyrm is
only recently making its presence felt.

The effective protectorate of a Bone Gnawer
caern can stretch up to about a city block or so; any
more is difficult to run without the humans noticing,
and too much less is not enough caern. Sometimes
this area is counted as the bawn; sometimes the bawn
is restricted to a simple building. In all cases, the
Gnawers rely on a network of Kinfolk, paid-off street
kids, urban Gafflings and other sentries as their first
line of defense. Packs of wild dogs are also a possibil-
ity, although lupine Kin are even better. (All of these
things can also help by establishing that section of
town as someplace that smart people just don't go.)
Jury-rigged electronic security is sometimes a possi-
bility, particularly if the mechanic of the sept is also
a Theurge. And as perhaps the most populous tribe of
Gaian werewolves, there's a good chance that the
sept always has a few sentries to spare.

The heart of the caern is something else entirely,
a chaotic mix of Weaver and Wyld, of physical and
spirit, of rundown and vibrant. A few Rat-spirits are
almost always at hand to serve as eyes of the tribal
totem. The purpose of the caern melds with Bone
Gnawer stubbornness and zest for life to create an

V4 a (na? ae


rl

atmosphere that's hard to replicate in the spirit world
or in the physical realm.

The Bone Gnawers don't always hold their meet-
ings inside caern boundaries, strange as that may seem.
If a caern is particularly cramped for space, then the
Gnawers might hold their war councils and general
meetings outside the bawn, perhaps in an abandoned
building or warehouse. The Grandmothers and Grand-
fathers recognize that this is a security risk, but some-
times there's no other option. If there is an assembly
area in a Gnawer caern, it's basically the largest space
available that isn't necessary for something else. The
Gnawers just don't customize their caern structures to
the degree that a special assembly area would require;
it's kind of hard to conceal large-scale reconstruction
in the neighborhoods the tribe claims as territory.

When it comes to living space, the Gnawers don't
bother with a lot of frills. Shared crashspace is the
norm, whether it's in a dilapidated barn or a giant
culvert. The Rite of the Cardboard Box isn't consid-
ered particularly shameful housing, even in the heart
of a powerful caern. It's tribal custom to be content
with what you've got. The only notable exception is
that septs with a little extra room give sept members a
little extra space to keep the Stuff they accumulate;
this is pretty good for morale.

Another good use for Stuff, of course, is to pacify
the caern's spirits. Bone Gnawer shrines can look like
prodigious junkpiles; the shrine to the totem of a major
caern might look like an explosion in an antiques shop.
Elaborate graffiti murals are another popular way to
pay tribute to a beloved patron spirit, as are scrap metal
sculptures. The Gnawers aren't going to be attracting
any love from Falcon or any other such high-minded
spirits, but Rat and her brood seem to be quite happy
with the Gnawers' eclectic homages.

The Bone Gnawers, alas, aren't paragons when it
comes to revering their fallen; the tribe's focus on the
here and now makes them disinclined to spend too
much time dwelling on the past. Their memorial areas
(which they often call Boneyards) are often adjuncts
to the assembly areas, places where they can enjoy a
good wake and then stumble off to bed. A bar's back
room might be a place where the Gnawers remember
their heroes, as might a wall covered with graffiti. In all
cases, their Boneyards are meant for the living as well
as the dead. After all, the Gnawers figure, if their dead
are still hanging around, they'd want to see that their
living buddies are still doing okay for themselves.

The Penumbra of a Bone Gnawer caern is a messy
melange of a place. The Weaver's webs are usually
present to some degree (except in the rural caerns),
but the Wyld is also commonly strong near Gnawer
caerns. Rat-spirits scurry back and forth in numbers

that are almost unheard of (except when compared to
the infestation that is a Ratkin caern). Gafflings of
other urban concepts and creatures are also common-
place, and are constantly getting underfoot — the
Gnawers:don't demand fealty from visiting spirits,
which makes their caerns rather popular. The down-
side toall this is that an enemy who knew what he was
doing could get awfully close to the caern by blending
in with the hubbub; but then again, an enemy who
doesn't know what he's doing would probably get
discovered all the sooner.

Children of Gaia

Eliza Hummingbird sighed and sank back on her
haunches. As much as she hated to admit it, the smell of
fresh blood was somewhat appetizing.

Right, keep thinking that, she chided herself. It may
smell good, but Gaia only knows what's in it.

With a small shake of her head, she rose to her feet and
shouldered the body once more. Then she noted one of the
youngest — David, in Glabro — looking warily at her. She
snorted, then turned to him. "Yes?" she growled.

"Ah...nothing. I mean... Hummingbird-rhya,
shouldn't I get that for you?" He absently flexed his arms,
which were thick as telephone poles. "You've already done
so much in the fight, and I'm still not tired...."

"No," she rumbled, fighting her Crinos throat for the
words. "I killed him. He is my burden." She shook her
head. "Even when you must kill. A burden."

It may seem odd that the Children of Gaia control
a relatively small number of caerns. After all, the
Children work together very well — although not
precisely of one heart and one mind, they certainly
suffer from much less infighting than most other tribes.
They're also Umbrally sagacious, and ready to fight for
what they believe in. However, the Children of Gaia
just don't have quite the same aggressive, expansionist
mentality that the other tribes boast — well, for the
most part, they don't. They've conquered very few
caerns from other Garou, they have rather less in the
way of ancestral territory, and like any other tribe, they
don't have the numbers to enact the Rite of Caern
Building left and right — even if there were potential
caerns lying around ripe for the taking, which there
aren't. Asa result, the Children hold proportionately
fewer caerns than do most other tribes. They aren't as
poorly. off as the Silent Striders, Stargazers or Red
Talons, but they're certainly not doing as well as the
Fangs or Fianna.

However, the caerns that the Children do hold are
treated with the utmost care and respect. The tribe's
elders are usually steadfast about running a sept ac-

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 43

) amas 1/2

|


cording to the caern's traditions, rather than the
tribe's. A Children of Gaia sept protecting
Rage would be martial and aggressive, much
than the tribal norm. Such a sept would likely
its own fierce traditions, traditions only vaguely recog-
nizable as Children of Gaia.

The Children guard their bawns as fiercely as any
other werewolves would, if not quite as ruthlessly.
Any traps are usually meant to disable, capture or kill

quickly; the Children don't care for weapons meant

to cripple their opponents with pain. Unles

caern is of martial nature, any spirit allies tend to act"
as sentries and messengers rather than engaging in

combat. The bulk. of the éaern's defense rests

Garou in residence. Knowing this, many Children of ;

Gaia septs are rigorous about pursuing martial tra :
ing, in order to maximize their members' combat
ability. Although these warriots often lack the blood-
thirsty spirit that makes the Fenrir, Fianna and Red
Talons so effective, they have impressive skills none-
theless, and are easily underestimated.

The heart of a Children caern is rather difficult to
pinpoint, largely because the tribe tries to avoid put-
ting their mark on this portion of the caern. If Unicorn
or one of her brood is the caern totem, then yes, the
caern's heart will be a place of healing and calm — but
if the caern is devoted to power and endurance, then
the Children will do their best to nurture the primal
side of the caern's heart. If anything can be said about
the heart of a Children caern, it's that all the expected
energies are expressed there, only moreso.

The one tribal tradition regarding the Children's
assembly areas is that the hierarchy of rank is lightly
stressed. The Children are still werewolves, and are
still quite status-conscious — but they prefer not to
encourage any of their cubs to think of themselves as
"omega wolves." In practical terms, this means there
are no "cheap seats" in # Children assembly area; the
acoustics are designed to be excellent from every angle,
so that no matter who speaks and from where, their
voices will carry to every listener.

The Children's living areas are even more diverse
and eclectic; there's no tribal tradition governing the
living quarters at all. A caern might have a common
bunkhouse, a collection of tents for privacy, or even a
smattering of cabins for the Garou's use. The living
quarters are usually spacious enough to allow Kin
partners to stay in the caern with their mates, but this
tule is waived in places where space is at a premium.

The Children of Gaia are quite meticulous about
maintaining both shrines and memorial areas. Both
sections vary widely in form; the shrines of one caern
might be elegantly simplistic, while at another caern

44 Guardians of the Caerns

ELA Ps ST teeny /

the shrines might be heaped with garlands of flowers,
herbs and other sacred plants. The tribe's values do
tend to find expression in the memorial area, where
ancestors who died quietly in their sleep are given no
less esteem as those heroes who fell in battle. This
approach sometimes nauseates visitors from more
martial tribes, but the Children aren't changing this
practice any time soon.

With the influence of Unicorn's brood, the Pen-

" umbra of a Children caern is often more still and calm
-than might otherwise be the case. Although the tribe

tend to avoid stressing their more pacifistic hopes
srn's heart, the rest of the caern is optimally
t_and rejuvenation. This calm can be
relaxing and almost hypnotic, or — in the case of
caerns with a long, bloody history — it can project a
feeling of fatigue and weariness, like a warrior resting
after a long, grueling campaign.

Fianna

"What's with thatrock, anyway?" Dragonfly flounced
down on a fallen tree, kicking the dead leaves up in a great
geyser. "Ma keeps saying that it's Cherokee stuff, but how
come you're so interested in it if that's the case? I thought
you didn't like Cherokee."

Josiah growled. "Don' thavenothiw todo with whether
I like Cherokee or not." He ran a finger down the ancient
carvings. "This rock talks about somethin' else. Spirits of
the mountains — an' not the kind you're used to. Little
Folk. You know."

"Fae folk? Really? Like sie Soe keeps talkin' about?"
The cub's eyes shane. What kind? The sidhe? Kelpies?
Nuckelavee? Asrai?"

"None of that, fool," Josiah sighed. "Those are all
English fae you're talking about. The Good Folk were in
this land long before people like us showed up. These here
are the oldest mountains in the world, and it stands to figure
there'd be some fae to come and listen to the old stones'
dreams; I figure they were the ones who originally lived in
the brugh." He shook his head. "And I surely wish I' d had

ously; sithough they'd he loath to admit it, many of
them Possess ery Getlike i instinct to take over when

nce — in pend hee hie' can even demand that
c uncil of Elders do their share to help keep the

but the tribe doesn't turn up their nose
. They defend their bawns in

at suitable

=

a

Le

most of the usual ways, with the most notable differ-
ence an increased Kinfolk presence. Any metis in the
sept are given virtually permanent Guardian status; in
the Fianna mind, they're the most expendable, it keeps
them too busy to aspire to anything else, and you don't
have to look at their deformities as much while you're
inside the borders.

The heart of a Fianna caern is an energetic place,
nearly bursting with passion and warmth. The tribe
will sometimes enact marriages there, even consum-
mating the match within the caern's heart: asa sym-
bolic gesture of fertility. And despite stereotype, they
don't consider it seemly to get outrageously drunk in
the caern's heart (unless the totem is one that would
approve, such as Grain). It's best to show a healthy
mind in a healthy body when at the heart of the brugh
— a belief that often results in a ban on metis entering
the caern's heart save in times of great need. Again,
anything less than the ideal might offend the totems.

Naturally, the Fianna are a gregarious tribe, fond
of spending time with one another in peacetime and
in war. A Fianna caer must by necessity contain a
fine, spacious assembly area suitable for dancing and
singing as well as more serious war councils. The
stereotype is that a goodly supply of alcohol must also
be presenc, bot ike most stereurypey, dary wraly
accurate some of the time. Similarly, the only com-
mon thread among their living quarters is that there
must be some room to entertain visitors. Fianna are
particularly interested in having room to romp with
their Kin after a particularly festive moot or gather-
ing. This isn't always expected to be private, how-
ever; some septs are insistent in having all the post-
festivity mating more or less within their neighbors'
line of sight, to make sure that nobody's violating the
Litany in such a way that'd produce a metis.

Fianna shrines aren't exceptionally elaborate; the
Fianna are fond of more "natural!" decorations, and are

more likely to bedeck a shrine with shed antlers than _

with dyed cords and beads. Libations are.a fairly

common offering; the shrine of a favored spitit may A

perpetually smell of spilt wine and beer.

The Fianna remember their dead in an area that's ©

properly called the Heroes' Cairn. It gains this name

pile. It's said that the few caerns remaining in Ireland
boast Heroes' Cairns of inspirational size. However,
other Fianna septs maintain different traditions, and
mark their Heroes' Cairns with inscribed standing
stones, mounds with chalk figures cut into their sides,
or even simple glades with ribbons tied to the branches
overhead. It's common practice for a Fianna wake to
spill over from the assembly area to the Heroes' Caern,
so the memorial area sees more traffic than one might
otherwise expect.

It's a point of pride for the tribe that the Penum-
bra of their brughs resemble the physical world as
closely as possible — hence the high estimation of
the Keeper of the Land's office. The Fianna do their
damnedest to make sure that their land is kept healthy
and pure, so that its spiritual reflection is all but a
perfect match. Exact perfection isn't possible, of
course — not all buildings can have reflections, and
animal spirits are more common in the Penumbra
than their physical counterparts are in the bawn —
but it's an ideal worth striving for.

Get of Fenris

The cheering had become deafening. Four shields
lay broken on the ground; now each combatant was on
their last one. They circled each other in Crinos, two
massive gray hulks with heavy axes dangling from their
paws. The male had crouched low, almost on all fours;
the female stood tall in a display of confidence. Then,
almost faster than the eye could follow, they leapt
forward at one another. The sound of splintering wood
was bone chilling. Howls of disappointment and elation
mixed together as the male fell, clearly favoring the deep
axe wound in his left arm.

"Great Mother Gaia," breathed Luc from his position
on the sidelines. "You call this chiminage?"

"What did you expect?" Ranulf clapped ahand on the
young Fianna's shoulder then guffawed to feel the young-
Ss we didn' t demand that our guest

re: eof all the Get ‘ooking at him.
another post where te shields

because the Fianna are damned fond of building cairns «_ es
proper for their fallen, even though there's far from

enough room to bury even a few great heroes within.

Perhaps the most typical structure begins as a pile of
stones built over the bodies of the first hero or heroes

to fall in the caern's defense (or even during the Rite _ "
of Caern Building). Whenever another hero of the ~

caern falls, the Fianna take a large stone, mark it with
glyphs denoting that hero's deeds, and add it to the

dh an a Get of Fenris. The tribe's
ing in to claim caerns that they
d, whether the original occu-
nversely, the Fenrir often leave
orst rivals be, so long as the rivals

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 45

Te ee


are obviously fit enough to guard the caerns from the
Wyrm. It's a very businesslike relationship.

As many Garou and Kin as can be spared rigor-
ously defend the bawn of a Fenrir caern. The Get are
fond of claiming caerns set on mountains or hilltops, or
wherever a forest is deepest; it pleases their sense of
aesthetics as well as providing natural defenses. They're
also known to claim island or coastal caerns, particu-
larly in northern waters. Of course, these days nobody
can afford to be too choosy, and caerns without natural
defenses are still prime territory.

The Get aren't restricted to caerns of battle and
glory — most caern types suit their purposes just fine
(except maybe caerns of Calm). But no matter the
caern type, it will inevitably soak up a portion of the
Fenrir's fighting spirit. The heart virtually pulsates
with this vigor; even tiny, weak Get caerns have a
distinct aura of strength in the heart. The Get have
been known to sanctify a caern's heart with offerings of
blood (theirs or others), although never if that would
offend the caern totem. A few septs set great Wolf-
spirits to guard the caern's heart, and it would be hard
to find more ferocious and stubborn guards — except-
ing the Fenrir themselves, of course.

Given that the assembly area is also commonly the
site where challenges are carried out, it's unsurprising
that the Fenrir make certain that this section of the
caern is amply equipped for werewolf-against-werewolf
battles. Many septs set up posts hung with swords and
shields for such an occasion; there are usually many
more shields than swords, as the Get have a habit of
splintering shields even in non-lethal combat. There
may also be axes and targets for axe-hurling competi-
tions, or barrels of potent alcohol for drinking contests.
The net effect can make outsiders invited to a gather-
ing distinctly uncomfortable, even paranoid that a
fight might break out at any moment. The sentiment
isn't far from the truth.

By compare, the living area in a Get caern is
almost peaceable. The Fenrir hold home and hearth in
high regard, and prefer to do their fighting elsewhere;
after all, they're willing to die to protect their homes
and Kin, so why destroy such things casually? Any
insult delivered in the living quarters is considered
twice as offensive, a foible that's undone many a
visitor. A Get won't back down from a challenge
offered in the living space — that's a sign of weakness
she just won't show — but she'll be less likely to offer
any challenges of her own.

The Get's allied spirits are usually spirits of glory
and battle, and their shrines match their tempera-
ment. Fenrir commonly appease their totems with
offerings of blood, battle-songs and the weapons of


the fallen; a caern's shrine to Fenris might be piled
with ancient, rusty swords and broken AK-47s alike.
The Get are just as dramatic in their prayers — mock
battles fought with bladed (but mundane weapons),
howls of ancient battle sagas and even violent tests of
endurance are all considered appropriate paeans to
their patron spirits.

The Graves of the Hallowed Heroes are an im-
portant part of any Fenrir caern, and woe to the
outsider who disrespects the area or the cub who
neglects to pay their respects there. The Get com-
monly place small standing stones, carved with runes
and glyphs of glory and conquest, to mark this area.
The tribe commonly refers to their memorial area as
the place of the slain (usually as some variant such as
the Hall of the Slain or the Vale of the Slain). The
Fenrir sometimes build actual cairns or barrows for
their most revered heroes; funeral pyres heaped with
the bodies of the departed's enemies are also com-
mon. A few septs refuse to set markers for any de-
ceased Fenrir who didn't fall in battle — those who
died of old age or other shameful causes are refused a
place among the honored dead. When the Get visit
their memorial areas, they are often unusually quiet
and reserved — unless they're getting drunk as part of
their celebration of their ancestors.

In the Umbra, a Get caern is often a vibrant,
primal place. The strength of the Fenrir's passion fuels
the local Penumbra, instilling it with vigor — if not
outright aggression. The Penumbra is calm in only a
few places (such as the place of the slain); throughout
most of the caern, it brims with energy. Fierce Umbral
winds often blow through the area, and the rumble of
distant storms can be heard throughout the bawn.
War-spirits and Raven-spirits flit about, anxiously
working off reserves of nervous energy (or the spiritual
equivalent). Tension fills the air; all in all, it's much
like standing on the edge of a battlefield just before the
fighting breaks out.

Glass Walkers

The elevator' s soft hum was all too relaxing, particu-
larly as it mingled with the faint strains of Handel drifting
in the corners. Maria's eyes slowly drifted toward the
‘Just resting" position, and she shifted rhythmically from
foot to foot. And it's like this in the public elevators,
too, she dreamily mused to herself. How do the employ-
ees get any work done?

The light for the 12th floor winked out. There was a
brief pause "between floors" — and then the familiar
shudder came over Maria, subtle as a cobweb's touch. The
light for the 14th floor blinked on, and her eyes snapped
open in perfect synchronization with the floor shift.

The relaxation had left her bones; now her frame
quivered with the almost electrical sensation of home. It was
good to be back. And there was a lot to be done, and not
much time to do it.

Although there are Glass Walker representatives
in several rural caerns, all of the Walkers' tribal
caerns are urban. The cities are the tribe's battle-
ground, and they are dead set against abandoning any
of Gaia's sacred places just because the humans have
been building in the area. Obviously, not all caern
types are available in the city — you won't be finding
any Primal-Urge caerns downtown — but there's a
surprising variety nonetheless scattered across the
cities of the world. And the Glass Walkers are willing
to defend them all.

Unlike their Gnawer cousins, the Glass Walkers
are meticulous about maintaining a caern's bawn.
The Keeper of the Land is a respected position in a
Glass Walker sept, even if his duties have more to do
with architecture and civil engineering than garden-
ing. The bawn's edge will usually bristle with cutting-
edge security equipment, yes, but it will also be as
clean and inviting as the finest office building's
lobby. Urban septs also find it easier to place Kinfolk
in useful positions as sentries, caretakers and security
guards — and the Walkers are first in line to take
advantage of this edge.

The heart of a Glass Walker caern is very disqui-
eting to more Wyld-aspected shapechangers. The elec-
tric hum of Technology and Progress is palpable even
on the heart's periphery, and once inside the heart, the
pulse of Weaver energy is unmistakable. Many visiting
Garou who stand in the heart of a Walker caern are
taken with an almost paranoid dread — from that
point, it just seems that it'd be so easy for the Weaver
to pull her strands and take the caern for her own.

The "executive boardroom" is the stereotypical
assembly area for a Glass Walker caern, but it's by no
means the only example. Glass Walker septs also
gather in small theaters, spacious studios, refitted
turn-of-the-century hotels, even art galleries. The
security system usually has a few monitors hooked up
somewhere in the assembly area; although the Walk-
ers can leave a trusted Kinfolk on monitor duty, they
prefer to have a tribe member with easy access to the
system at all times.

Glass Walker caerns can boast the most spacious
and luxurious living quarters of any tribal caern — by
human standards, that is. Lupus:are distinctly uncom-
fortable in the lofts, penthouses, apartments or studios
that make up the caern's living areas, but most homids
and humans have little to complain about.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 47

OPAL PS ET Es TOR ti //,


The technospirits that attend a Glass Walker
caern don't require the same sort of shrines that other
spirits might. More than a few Walker shrines exist
entirely in cyberspace; some well-disguised shrines are
even accessible through WebPages, making every hit
an electronic prayer to the spirit in question. Of course,
the Walkers are doubly careful to make sure that the
servers for these shrines don't collapse, causing a major
diplomatic incident with the totem. Of course, many
Glass Walker caerns still boast physical shrines to their
spirit allies — the Hong Kong Glass Walkers are
adamant on this point. These shrines are clean and
well maintained, but easily project the air of "urban
primitive"; incense, offerings of captured technology
and sleek logos are commonplace decorations.

The Glass Walkers don't remember their fallen
with a Graves of the Hallowed Heroes per se; instead,
their caerns often feature a small room, usually with
tasteful track lighting, decorated with mementos of
the fallen. This can take any form from a mahogany
meeting table with inset plaques indicating the honor-
ary "seats" of their fallen, to a more Eastern shrine
decorated with personal objects of their heroes. In
almost every case, this section of the caern (which they
tend to call the memorial hall) is somewhat richly
appointed, with fine and expensive materials. Call it

48 Guardians of the Caerns

ALP ET TH eer 7 /,

materialism, but the Glass Walkers fully intend to
show their fallen respect.

The Penumbra of a Glass Walker caern tends to
startle visitors from other tribes. Despite the lowered
Gauntlet, the strands of the Weaver's great Web are
still present to a fair degree. However, the Glass
Walkers' careful maintenance of the caern keeps the
Webs in relative order; a few visitors have commented
that a Walker caern's Penumbra isn't unlike a carefully
trimmed topiary labyrinth, only with electronic web-
bing instead of shrubbery. A few Web-spiders and
other Weaver-spirits scurry past, but they're kept mostly
under control by the caern's totem. The caern nature
and totem can even further influence the Penumbral
landscape; a Walker caern of Enigmas might be be-
decked with cryptic glyphs and sigils in flickering
Penumbral neon, whereas a caern of Strength might
take on the texture of riveted iron in the spirit world.
It's certainly far from what one might expect.

Red Talons

Burning Branch paced back and forth, almost as if he
were caged. You're certain, he growled.

I am. Fishcatcher's response was deferential, but
questioning. Bear was very precise, and the other spirits
agree. There is danger.


Burning Branch bared his teeth and continued to pace.
Finally, he paused and made direct eye contact with
Fishcatcher. Bring her into the caern. She can birth her
pups here.

Fishcatcher whined and scratched at the ground. You're
certain, alpha?

Of course I'm certain! Burning Branch snapped
angrily at open air, and Fishcatcher flattened herself against
the ground. It is my decision, Theurge! But the pu
must be moved back outside the bawn as soon as it is
safe. They cannot grow up here.

Fishcatcher's eyes shone like cold moonlight. rake
stand, alpha. Hamstringer might be hesitant but
will... make certain he understands, too, :

Unsurprisingly, the Red Talons: buik
complicated and elaborate caerns of all. Even so, , the
Talonsare still Garou first and wolves second, a1
use their Gaia-given hands and claws

among the most pristine and wild of all
holy places. The Talons hold a few ¢aerns in the
Americas, in Europe, in Russia and even one in India
— but the number of these caerns is fading fast.

The Red Talons don't usually leave any physical
markers at the edges of their bawns — at least, not
visual cues. They mark their boundaries with scent

a 27 ee

more than anything else; a Garou in Lupus form will be
readily aware of the territorial bounds, but a human
would easily miss cues. When they do use more
‘s, the Talons are more likely to

d the like. Any human who
nd wanders into the bawn
it's something of a joke among
Garouthat The Blair Witch Project
i f fiction after all — but
stage of a college film crew
alon territory.)
Talon caern would almost be
r the hints of primal urgency and
tle in a visitor's heart. The only trails
than those wolves would leave, and the
urces are clear and refreshing. That doesn't
ean that the bawn is safe, though. The Red Talons
may not whole-heartedly endorse technology, but
they do set traps and ambushes, and nasty ones at that.
Invaders expecting the Talons to think like wolves
learn otherwise, sometimes at the bottom of a stake-
lined pit or at the ends of poisoned arrows. Regrettably,
Talon tactics lack acertain punch when thrown against
the modern armies of the Wyrm, and the Talons have
lost a distressing number of caerns over the last couple
of centuries alone.


The sense of pure wilderness found in a Talon
bawn carries over into the caern's heart, where the
only sign of Garou habitation is an uncommon
number of pawprints on the gro und. Red Talons
traditionally approach the caern's heart only in
Lupus or Hispo form; it's adire insult to take human
form in the heart, particularly if Griffin orone eof his
brood is the caern totem. .

Ina Red Talon caern, the assembly area — the
living area are often one and the same. Since the
Talons disdain human living conveniences like beds
and electricity, their living spaces are usually spa-
cious enough. to shelter the whole sept. Only in the
larger septs, where the Talons can expect to regularly
entertain visitors, is the assembly area significantly
larger than what the sept would need to sleep. Talon
living areas are commonly caves or even Talon-dug
tunnels, possibly with access to a larger glade for the
occasional romp or discussion. The area is set up so
that if need be, a Talon or Kinfolk could raise a litter
of pups in the safety of the caern — but the Talons
don't want their Kinfolk to become too reliant on
their help, so cubs are usually raised "naturally" out-
side the caern's main areas.

Despite their primal nature, the Talons are still
Garou; they keep shrines to the spirits and memorials
to their fallen, like any other tribe. These shrines are
rather primitive in form, though; the only manmade
articles ina Talon shrine are likely offerings taken from
fallen foes or victims.

The Umbral reflection of a Talon caern is a wild,
lush place. As one might expect, most of the spirits to
be found there are the spirits of various animals and
natural features. However, the Talons recognize the
great variety of Gaian spirits, and often have surpris-
ing allies such as elementals lingering around their
caerns. Similarly, Griffin has taken the spirits of
extinct animals under his wing. and shus sunder the
Talons' protection; it's entirely possible to notice an
Aurochs-spirit or a Sabretooth-spirit near a Talon
caern. There isn't a Weaver-spirit to be found within
the perimeter of the caern; even if a visitor brings in
as much as an awakened cellular phone, the local
spirits set upon the Weaverish intruder and send it
violently into Slumber.

Shadow Lords

A heavy bass growl of thunder set the hilltop vibrating, —

and was answered by a chorus of low, approving growls
from the assembled werewolves. The caern was very nearly

pitch-black; the storm clouds blotted out the moon, and the

50 Guardians of the Caerns

ELL PS OT iiiemey //,

light from the lanterns at the bottom of the hill fell well short
of the caern's council area.

The two "guests" had been given the place of honor
at the center of the clearing. One, very much out of place
in his tailored suit, stood stock still, resisting the urge to
fidget or, even worse, to look sideways at his companion.
The other didn't slouch even alittle bit — not that he had
any choice in the matter. The post was quite unyielding,
and the nails the werewolves had used had bitten into the
wood like harpoons.

The shadow moot was about to begin in earnest.

Like the Get of Fenris, the Shadow Lords earnestly
believe that caerns should go to those strong enough to
take and hold them. Thanks to that principle, a Shadow
Lord caern is the height of defensibility — it's carefully
concealed from onlookers, guarded with layers of mor-
tal and spirit cannon fodder, set with traps and finally
defended by some of the most ruthless werewolves in
the world. Don't be mistaken: Many Shadow Lord
caerns have fallen to the enemy. However, they never
fall easily or cleanly.

The Shadow Lords do not mess around with their
bawn defenses. Vicious spirits browbeaten into obey-
ing the sept members (but attacking anyone else)
patrol the bawn's boundaries. There are ample traps
set, and the Lords aren't above playing dirty — smear-
ing stakes with feces and rotten meat to up the chances
of infection is only fair, in their opinion. The Lords are
careful not to harm the bawn's environment with their
traps (for instance, they don't use grenades unless
absolutely necessary), but they see no reason to be
"humane" to intruders. Some septs are fond of using
ravens or crows to act as sentries; one quick caw can
bring all hell breaking loose. And, of course, the Lords
are happy to use humans and other pawns as the first
line of defense; a few Lords have even managed to trick

local coteries of vampires into defending their caerns
eander same nrakanse ar anathar

It's even more intimidating at the caern's heart.
Although there are no traps in the heart — that would
be far too inconvenient during moots — the Lords
largely bind caern totems of forbidding aspect. (Some
septs prefer somewhat weaker totems that they can
force into complete submission, but it must be noted
that these septs don't tend to last as long.) The influ-

~ ence of the caern totem and of Grandfather Thunder

combine to. produce an unmistakable atmosphere of
dominating' strength. Of course, interlopers at the

"heart of a Shadow Lord caern have much more to

worry about than, atmosphere... .
The Lords favor strict seating arrangements in

their assembly areas, and may even violently remind


their cubs not to take seats above their station. The
tribal obsession with a clear hierarchy is very apparent
in their gathering places. The elders get "seats" where
their voices carry and the view is good; less-favored
Lords have to make do with places with poorer acous-
tics and stony ground.

Similarly, if the Lords can manage it, their living
spaces are usually pretty ample — at least, for the
higher-ranking Lords. The higher up in rank, the
better a Shadow Lord has it at home. This is partly just
another way of reinforcing who's dominant and who's
submissive inthe sept, but it also can serve' as a neat
way of reminding cubs just why they need to be fearless
and committed to the cause. Once there was enough to
go around, the tribal elders growl, but now times are
different. But if you are a good Lord, and devote your
strength to Grandfather Thunder and to us, then perhaps
we will be strong enough to take back what is rightfully ours
— from the Wyrm and from the Fangs alike.

With all this attention to hierarchy and status, it's
only natural that the Shadow Lords are equally precise
about establishing rank among their spirit allies. Each
spirit and totem allied to a Shadow Lord caern gets
exactly the shrine that it's earned for itself — the Lords
don't believe in erring on the side of generosity. A
spirit's climb from Gaffling to Jaggling takes rather
longer in Shadow Lord territory, because there's rather
less veneration to go around.

The Lords pay their fallen respect, but perhaps not
quite as much reverence as would be appropriate. The
only fallen Lords to receive a generous ration of hom-
age are those known to be assisting their descendants
as Ancestor-spirits. The tribe expects everyone to pull
their weight, and although the dead don't take up
valuable resources, they aren't worth extra amounts of
effort unless they're somehow pitching in for the tribal
good. The memorial area in a Shadow Lord caern is
well maintained and generally somewhat austere. Of
course, there are some exceptions — most notably
among the Hakken of the East — who revere all those
who fell with valor and dignity. Despite the slander of
outsiders, the Shadow Lords are not strangers to honor.

The Penumbra of a Shadow Lord caern is an
imposing place. The Lords are very interested in shows
of strength and dominance, and as mentioned before,

they generally prefer to court caern totems of intimi-

dating aspect. Faint flashes of heat lightning some-

times light the Penumbra of a Lord caern and echoes'

of distant thunder rumble through the area every now
and again. Crow-spirits are a common sight, and the
occasional Pain-spirit emerges from a hiding place to
harass uninvited guests.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines

Silent Striders

The house was gray from long years of hard weather,
and its peaks and awnings cast strange, jagged shadows in
the afternoon sun. It sprawled on the hill like some aging
American gothic gargoyle spread out for a nap, but to
Mephi Faster-than-Death, it was beautiful.

He shook his head as he shut the gate behind him.
The woman who'd met him there, a long-boned woman
who wore her faded cotton dress like an empress' robe,
smiled as Mephi continued to drink in the sight. "I
thought this place was just a rumor — just wishful
thinking," Mephi murmured.

"I know," the lean woman said quietly, gesturing up
the hill. "But it's real, and now you're here. Welcome
home," — her smile was sad, but her eyes hadn't lost their
sparkle — "for such as it is, and for as long as it lasts."

The sad fact of the matter is that the Silent
Striders don't hold very many tribal caerns at all — if
they have all of five to their name, they're doing better
than they can expect. Those few that they hold are
often small and weak by compare: places that other
Garou have overlooked, but that the far-ranging Strid-
ers managed to stumble across and recognize. A Strider
caern is usually Level Two at the most, and might be
in any lonely, inobvious, out-of-the-way locale; a long-
forgotten burial mound is just as likely as a creaking,
abandoned New England country house. The most
striking exception is the powerful Wheel of Ptah caern
in Casablanca, but the Striders don't even claim that
caern as exclusively theirs. Rather, they consider them-
selves the caretakers for a caern that was meant for
travelers of all tribes.

When the Striders do take a caern for their own,
the result is usually quite eclectic. The Striders borrow
some of their ideas and traditions on caerns from other
tribes; other traditions are based on their lore of what
their ancient caerns were like before their exile.

The Silent Striders obviously don't have the man-
power, Kin or Garou, to defend their bawns fully.
Instead, they rely on spirit allies to fill in the weak
spots. This works moderately well, as the quiet, watch-
ful children of Owl's brood are hard for an enemy,
Penumbral or physical, to detect at all. Penetrating a

"Strider bawn can be like fighting your way into a

haunted house where the ghosts are very real, very

_clever and very vindictive: The only drawback is that

Owl has few true warrior-spirits under her wing; unless
the Striders have made contact with a warlike caern
totem such as Crocodile, they may find that their spirit
defenders aren't enough to hold back a concerted
invasion. The Striders supplement these defenses with


traps and alarms as need be, but sad to say, the tribe just
doesn't have the resources to make their caerns im-
pregnable. All they have left is subtlety and cleverness
——and sometimes that works, and sometimes it doesn't.

The heart of a Strider caern sometimes develops
the unusual side effect of attracting wandering ghosts.
This has become an even more pronounced tendency
in recent times, when some great upheaval in the
Underworld cast ghosts like so much flotsam across
the length and breadth of the spirit world. The
Striders do their best to free any ghosts who become
stuck in the Middle Umbra and Penumbra near their
caerns, but it seems that the tribal curse has been
heightened in power.

The assembly area of a Strider caern obviously
needn't be all that large, and if they craft the area
themselves it usually isn't. Such an area might even
be largely neglected; the Striders don't like to hear
their voices echo in an empty room or glade. They
already have plenty of reminders that their tribe isn't
what it used tobe.

The Striders also don't require much by way of a
living area; most are so used to crashing wherever

they can that amenities are rarely an issue. There isn't

much by way of physical privacy.in their caerns'
living spaces — instead, each individual Strider car-
ries his own privacy with him. Six Striders can sleep
side-by-side in a small room, and still have miles of
distance between them.

The Striders don't have very much in way of
shrines to their guardian spirits; instead, the tribe tends
to pacify their spirit allies with deeds and favors. The
few shrines that do exist in a Strider caern are designed
to be easily broken down and carried if need be; call it
pessimism, but the tribe is all too aware how tenuous
their hold over their caerns is. Again, it wasn't always
like this — in ancient Egypt, the Striders built more
elaborate shrines to their totems, complete with glyph
prayers and invocations — but necessity is now the
tribe's guiding principle.

The Striders are very attentive to their Graves of
the Hallowed Heroes, which is often the most elabo-
rate portion of the caern next to the heart itself. If the
area's enclosed, its walls are often painted with de-
signs celebrating the lives of Strider heroes, or else
carved with glyphs to much the same effect. The
Striders are also fond of crafting pottery vessels painted
with weapons, trees, running water and other "good
things" they wish for their forebears, and leaving
these grave goods in the memorial area. (In fact, any
caern with more than one Strider sept member might
have a few of these vessels set neatly among the other
mementos of the fallen.) In ancient times, these areas

52 Guardians of the Caerns

Y ala ST TY

were even more lavish and involved, much like the
tombs of their human Kin, but cold practicality took
over when the Striders fell into their nomadic lifestyle.
Even so, the tribe treats this area with great reverence
— their severing from their ancestral spirits has made
them all the more dedicated to keep their ancestors'
memories alive. The tribe members rarely refer to this
area by name. They connect it with the streams of
time and to their lost homeland, but don't want to
develop an unhealthy obsession with the past — thus
they don't directly speak of the memorial area. If a
Strider intends to go into the memorial area and
meditate, he'll tell his septmates that he intends "to
lie in the river for a while."

In the past, the Striders were fervent proponents
of a paradisiacal spirit world; the Penumbra of their
caerns often reflected their hopes and dreams. Such a
place was lush and vivid, the green of the Penumbral
vegetation shining like jade in Luna's pale light. Um-
bral streams often ran through the bawns, smaller
reflections of the great river that nursed the Striders'
human kin. Now, however, the Penumbra of a Strider
caern is often a shadowed, quiet place, where Luna's

light filters dimly through the tangled branches over-

head. Soft winds smelling of earth blow through the
Penumbra, and it's said that Owl sends some of these
to show a Strider to the place he needs to be next.
Several Striders have stopped off at such a caern with
hopes of staying, only to smell something on the
Penumbral wind and sadly make their good-byes.

Silver Fangs

The grizzled old warrior had been kneeling in front of
the gravestone for half an hour, and all that time, the white-
robed priestess had stood silently by and watched him.
There was no birdsong in the grove, no insect noises — the
grave area was still as the heroes buried there. Finally, the
warrior spoke in a soft rasp.

"He's dying."

The priestess didn't speak.

The warrior shook his head. "His body is hale; his mind
is dying. If any others see it, they dare not speak their fears,
not even secretly to one another. They fear him — they fear
me. I am sworn before Lord Falcon to obey my king's
commands, and I cannot disobey. If he were to order me to
slaughter Kin..." His voice caught on the words. "I fear I
will soon be damned, one way or another."

A long pause — and then the priestess quietly replied,
"Do you want me to seek counsel — or even aid?"

It was a long time before he could form an answer.

Silver Fang septs are structured as much like royal
courts as anything else; there are kings, shamans,


stewards, squires and seneschals, often given their
offices by virtue of auspice as well as deed. This
structure carries over into the physical layout of their
caerns proper. A Fang caern isn't quite up to snuff if it
doesn't boast an impressive throne for its king,
lodgehouses for both Sun and Moon Lodges, an
entryway where visitors can be formally announced to
the court, and banners aplenty proclaiming the glory
of the caern and sept. That said, the tribe actually has
very few exclusively Silver Fang caerns to their name;
they consider it their duty to govern the entire Garou
Nation, and have no qualms about sharing a sept with
any and all other tribes. As long as the other tribes
know their place, that is.

The Silver Fangs keep almost no urban caerns
whatsoever. Even though the aristocracies with whom
they've been known to breed do the bulk of their
governing in human civilization, it is tradition for
Garou to rule over the wilderness. What's more, the
caerns "suitable" for Silver Fang patronage are situated
in the wilds; even if a caernof Kingship were to ari
in the heart of New York City, there are Fangs: who
rather choke than hold court there. Most of theircaern
defenses are natural, although there are plenty of
Gafflings of Falcon's brood ready to spy out intruders
and cry warning.

The heart of a Silver Fang caern can be quite
uncomfortable for members of other tribes. Although

on the wind. If Falcon blesses the caern, unworthy or
tainted intruders might find themselves burned as with
silver brands just for standing in the caern's heart.

The Silver Fangs' strong emphasis on rank is
similarly evident in the caern's assembly area. The
sept's king is always given some sort of honorific seat,
where he can address the sept or sit in judgement as
needed. There are also traditional areas for both Sun
and Moon lodges to stand or sit, depending on the
assembly area's construction. The closer one sits to the
king, the more seriously her opinion is taken during
meetings; rank does have its privileges.

One would probably expect the living spaces at a
Fang caern to be similarly structured, but that's not
always the case. Yes, the Silver Fangs demand the
respect they're due; however, a few have no qualms
about keeping everyone's living quarters of equal size
and quality. This can cause some dissent with more
status-conscious sept members, but overall it's well
received as a show of solidarity with the entire sept.
Unfortunately, not all Fangs are nearly so generous,
and many insist on keeping the best for themselves in
every area of sept life.

the heart pulses with Gnosis, there is a discomfiting _
twinge in the air, as if faint traces of silver were borne

The Fangs aren't greatly inclined to construct
any shrines to spirits other than Falcon's brood; to
many elders' way of thinking, there are no spirits
greater than Falcon and his kin, and no others (save
the Celestines, of course) who can call the Fangs
equals. The tribe members who behave this way
aren't particularly beloved of the local spirits, but the
spirits are still bound to offer the Fangs obedience.
The shrines to Falcon and his brood, on the other
hand, are often resplendent affairs decorated with the
finest goods the tribe can produce. In the most pow-
erful caerns, precious metals and gemstones adorn
Falcon's shrine. Although the Fangs don't always
value such things highly, they are notable signs of
wealth and prestige in the human world, and there-
fore quite suitable for their noble patron.

The Silver Fangs are the ones who originated the
term "Graves of the Hallowed Heroes"; their memorial
areas are highly important to the tribe. Such places

_ serve a dual role — they are places to pay homage to

one's ancestors, and they're visible records of one's
ee. If there are any Ivory Priests in the sept,
expected to do the majority of maintenance to
the Graves. Like other tribes, the Silver Fangs just
don't have room to bury all their fallen in this area —
but some septs have a tradition of keeping some of the
fallen' s bones as relics. ‘There are allegedly a catacombs

oe

kings: sit in honor — but the Fangs themselves haven't
been the ones to tell that particular tale.

The Fangs like to claim that their tribe's honor is
reflected in the spirit world of their caerns — that the
Umbra in Fang territory shines like gold and silver.
Although that was largely true at one time, the tarnish
of the tribe's madness has tainted some of their caerns.
Traditionally, if a caern's Lodges are particularly pow-
erful, their influence can be felt in the Penumbra; the
pale Umbral reflection of Helios' light shines on the
sections held by the Sun Lodge, while the Moon
Lodge's territory bathes in Luna's moonbeams. This
effect tarnishes badly in places held by a mad king,
though, or in septs where the Fangs are largely ill. The
North Country Protectorate suffered from a creeping
tarnish as Jacob Morningkill slid further and further
into senility, but Albrecht's ascension to power has
slowed the tarnish for a time. It remains to be seen
whether or not Renewalist kings like Albrecht can
reverse the deterioration.

Stargazers

Soun leaned on his shovel and mopped his brow. It had
taken all morning just to replant the hedges alongside the
path, and there were still gaps here and there where the

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 53

|


plants hadn't survived. The stone garden was a mess, the
windows needed to be replaced, and the stream would
probably run muddy for a week. The Penumbra was even
more out of sorts, and although the Wind-spirits meant
well, their boisterous energy had been more obstacle than
help until the master had sent them away.

And all of this because one mirror had slipped from its
moorings, and the flow of energy had gone sour, and the
Banes had ridden into the bawn as easily as if they were
sliding down a chute.

So some humans think that geomancy is a
charlatan'sart, eh?he grumpily thought. Well, then, may
dharma deliver them exactly what they deserve.

Although the Silent Striders may have the fewest
caerns of any tribe, the Stargazers run. a close second.
The Stargazers have fallen on hard: times, and al-
though they're not quite teetering on the brink of
extinction yet, they're only a few steps away. For this
reason, it's particularly hard to stereotype a Stargazer
caern; with so few examples left, the patterns wind up
being too inaccurate.

The bawn of a Stargazer caern can take any form,
from a small Shinto shrine to a Zen garden atop a
skyscraper, from an untouched glade in the woods to a
sprawling Himalayan monastery. The Stargazers typi-
cally guard their bawns with misdirection rather than
force or physical walls; thankfully, Chimera's domin-
ion over enigmas and secrets gives the Stargazers a
much-needed edge in this department. Kinfolk are too
rare and precious to risk on the front lines, and are
rarely, if ever, called to act as sentries; instead, the
Stargazers rely on spirit allies for that task.

The heart of the caern is truly sacred ground;
cubs are rarely allowed there except as part of a
deliberate lesson. Elders spend much of their time
meditating in the caern's heart, feeling the energies
of the invisible world wash over them like tides.
Wind-spirits often dawdle in this area, buffeting
playfully at any Garou they find.

The typical Stargazer caern doesn't devote much
space to assembly or living areas; like the Silent Strid-
ers, they just don't have enough members to justify it.
In particular, their living quarters are usually kept
deliberately bare, in order to focus the cubs' attention
within, away from the Weaver's trappings.

The Stargazers also maintain small and under-
stated memorial areas; they honor their Ancestor-
spirits with great reverence, but prefer to use simplicity
as their guide when adorning a memorial garden. They
believe that an ancestor is most honored by markers
that are eloquently simple; a stone with one glyph
carved on either side is a sufficient memento for an
honored forebear. Even Klaital himself is honored in

54 Guardians of the Caerns

AE PS LT LT ieee //,

most shrines by nothing more elaborate than the
Stargazers' tribal glyph carved into a tree or stone.

Conversely, a Stargazer caern often boasts elabo-
rate and generous shrines to the sept's totems. Al-
though the tribe doesn't place overmuch value on
material goods, they see a distinct connection between
a spirit and its lucky or auspicious materials. Of par-
ticular note are the statues and paintings of Chimera in
such shrines; even the most well-traveled Strider would
have to admit that no two depictions of the Stargazer
totem are alike. She is always depicted as an amalgam
of many human or beast traits, usually holding or
surrounded by mysterious objects that hint at some
greater symbolic meaning.

The Umbrascape of these caerns often reflects the
misdirection that guards the bawn; strange spirit paths
might lead in circles, odd mists might obscure portions
of the caern, and peculiar noises might distract and
mislead wanderers. The Stargazers encourage Wind-
spirits to visit them in their caerns, and so the caern's
Penumbra might be constantly buffeted with Umbral
winds coming and going from all directions. All in all,
it's difficult going for a novice, but the Stargazer elders
seem to be able to navigate the area just fine.

Uktena

"I don't know," drawled the young Galliard. "It just
doesn't seem feasible to me."

"‘Feasible'?" Upside-Down Walker huffed. She sat
up straighter, blinking away her sleepiness.

"Yeah, ‘feasible.' I mean, come on. A giant hairy evil
spirit the size of ahouse — that I can believe. But to say that
it was bound in an umbilical cord—" the young girl's face
contorted in disgust— "and buried in the earth, instead of
being destroyed... that's just some kind of symbolism, is all.
Gotta be. It's too crazy to be true."

"You think it's so improbable?" The old woman smiled
and tapped the end of her walking stick against the packed
earth of the council house. "Well, then, why don't you start
digging here and see for yourself?" She chuckled at the look
on the cub's face. "What, did you think I was just telling an
old story? Did you think the Red Moon Forest was some-
place on the other side of the world? Did you think the white
man's name for this forest was its first name?"

She shook her head. "I was honoring the memory of my
great-great-great-grandmother, young one. So if you want
to doubt her deeds, I suggest ‘you have a good long look in
Hairy One's eye before you do so." She tapped the floor
again. "Ready when you are."

Once the Uktena held caerns only in the Ameri-

cas, but the coming of the Wyrmcomers changed all
that. With the Old World invading the new, the


Uktena thought it only fair to repay the favor. Dis-
placed Uktena septs and packs spread out across the
globe, settling in with aboriginal populations to con-
tinue their line. Asa result, the Uktena hold caerns in
places that other tribes would never expect. Today
there are Uktena caerns in Northern Japan, Polynesia,
Australia — and, of course, in the Americas.

Several New World Uktena caerns are built on
sites where the Banetenders imprisoned mighty Banes
long ago. This rarely affects the character of the caern
itself; in fact, in many cases, the caern's energies help
keep the Bane buried under blankets of purified
energy. This practice has led to tragedy more than
once, when invaders captured an Uktena caern with-
out learning of the giant Bane imprisoned beneath.
Without anyone maintaining the spells that kept the
Banes dormant, the Banes burst loose and destroyed
many Garou and Kin alike before being brought
down — or escaping.

Most Uktena caerns have some sort of natural
body of water within the bawn; the tribe does its best
to pacify its water-spirit totem with the natural corre-
spondence of water. This isn't a rule by any means —
the Uktena maintain the powerful Sept of the Waking
Dream in the heart of the sun-blistered Australian
Outback — but it's something that makes the tribe
more comfortable.

Needless to say, the Uktena are inclined to defend
their boundaries with spirit allies and mystical wards.
They're particularly adept at using their Gifts and rites
to set nasty deadfalls or false trails; a single Uktena
metis with the Gift: Burrow can do wonders for defend-
ing the bawn. The tribe also crafts a large number of

talens for use in acaern's defense; a caern where almost'
every defender carries at least one Bane Arrow will

have a strong reputation in the spirit world. All these
mystical defenses also do wonders for enforcing anair —

of superstition among the local human population,

who usually don't need much convincing to stay out of
werewolf territory.

The heart of an Uktena caern is strangely quiet
and very busy at the same time. Spirits constantly
come and go on errands, but never boisterously. The
environment shifts from time to time, but never while
being directly watched. Like the tribe itself and its
totem, an Uktena caern has many layers and great
depths hidden under the stillness of the surface.

The tribe typically gathers in small council areas,
often by the shrines to the totems and other spirit
allies. Some septs believe it's a good idea to have the
spirits looking down on their meetings, both for extra
luck and for the extra bit of chiminage to their spirits.
The Uktena do believe that a totem is as much a part

of the tribe as any werewolf, so they go the extra
distance to make certain their spirit companions are
welcome at council. By compare, the living space at an
Uktena caern is remarkably variable, owing to the
tribe's diverse groups of Kinfolk. An Uktena sept
might live in cabins, adobes, hogans, caves, huts, even
under the open sky.

The Uktena are scrupulous about maintaining
shrines to their spirit allies, and even their Ahroun
are expected to pay reverence at the shrines on a
regular basis. The shrine area sometimes outstrips the
memorials to the fallen, depending on the sept's
history. Sometimes the shrines to the spirits and
memorial area are even one and the same, listing the
great heroes and visionaries of the tribe alongside the
patron totems. The actual form these areas take
largely depends on the local Kin culture; an Austra-
lian Uktena sept such as the Waking Dream might
immortalize their forefathers and totems with rock
paintings, while a sept in Cherokee Oklahoma might
keep ledgers of written records.

Uktena septs are also prone to set aside an area for
the mystical items and written lore they accumulate,
whether warlocks' grimoires, Bane-fetishes or vam-
pire-penned scrolls. This area can take the form of a
library or laboratory, but is more often set up as a
medicine lodge. The medicine lodge, usually with
facilities for research as well as storage, is almost as

heavily guarded as the caern's heart itself. It is always

a building of some sort, usually covered with glyphs,
magical symbols and other wardings. Guardian spirits
buzz around the lodge protectively, but not one is
permitted within — their presence might upset the
balance of mystic power inside the lodge.

The Umbrascape of an Uktena caern is often

~ riddled with paths leading off into the Near Umbra,

as well as alive with spirits running errands for the
tribe. Any long-term bindings laid on the caern
grounds may blaze with life here, appearing as vivid
sigils carved into rock or shining from the ground.
But if the sept has made one too many "devil's deals,"
a smoky mist might obscure certain details of the
Umbrascape. This mist doesn't obscure vision, but is
mainly visible to strangers and innocents — the
Uktena whose deeds have invoked the mist are un-
able to perceive the harbinger of ill luck.

Wendigo

The shamans danced ever quicker, slicing themselves
with flint knives as they sang. The young cub with them
rushed to constantly fill his bowl with cold water, and then
to throw it over the dancing angalkut again and again. All
the while, their chants rose to the gray sky.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 55

ROFL PT SE, TL LE I


"Negakfok, Tomanik, O'ha'a! Manitous of Winter,
hear your children's cries! Negakfok, plunge their vehicles
into the depths of winter cold! Tomanik, bring your six
winds to blow them from. the slopes of our mountain!
O'ha'a, freeze them into icicles! Visit your cold breath on
the invaders who have come to slay your children! Freeze
them solid, so that Great Wendigo may fill his hungry belly
with their flesh, and sharpen his teeth of ice on their bones!"

A great wind howled down from the clouds and rushed
through the caern's heart, snapping strings and carrying
painted hides away. It blasted past the gathered angalkut,
leaving a thousand tiny icicles ringing in their coats. It
hurtled through the bawn, snapping branches and snuffing
fires. And then the wind, filled with ice, wailed down to the
winding road below and the trucks slowly creeping up the
mountainside there.

Almost all of the Wendigo's tribal caerns are in
North America, for obvious reasons. Each and every
one is also located in the wilderness; even when the
three brothers were dividing up the land amongst
themselves, the Wendigo chose the most severe and
challenging surroundings. As a result, the elements
themselves make a fine first line of defense against

intruders; people bundled up to face the cold or kitted
out to scale the steep mountainsides are at a definite
disadvantage when confronted with werewolves who
need no such crutches. If the sept's Theurges learn of
an impending threat, they can also heighten this
defense by calling up storms to blanket the caern.

The heart of a Wendigo caern can be bitterly cold,
but it can also provide a sept with its one true source of
warmth. Wind-spirits and other spirits of storm or
winter are commonplace; these spirits "play roughly"
with werewolves who enter the caern for any reason
other than a tite. Meditating in the caern's heart is
therefore a tricky business for anyone unused to the
Wendigo's traditions of stoic endurance.

When the Wendigo gather for council, they usu-
ally do so outside; most assembly areas in their caerns
are outdoor affairs, and natural ones at that. It's rare
that the tribe will go to the trouble to build a council
lodge or an amphitheater; it's often more respectful, in
their eyes, to gather openly under the watchful sky.
There isn't any particular seating arrangement during
such a gathering — the "good seats," as it were, go to
those who are willing to take them. If somebody wants


to sit near the Warder, for instance, he has to convince
(sometimes physically) anyone else who wants the seat
that he's the one most deserving.

The stereotypical Wendigo living area is a
lodgehouse; in much of Wendigo territory, it's suicide
to sleep outdoors in Homid form. The tribe virtually
always sets up a shelter of some sort to benefit homids
and lupus alike. Sweat lodges are a fairly common
adjunct to the lodge area, built to aid in the purifica-
tion of body and soul. However, the living area is never
luxurious by any standard — Wendigo are meant to be
able to endure hardship, not avoid it entirely.

The tribe doesn't offer particularly lavish accom-
modations for their spirit allies, either. Physical shrines
are sometimes seen as a means of "coddling" spirits,
and the spirit that requires that sort of treatment is not
the sort of spirita Wendigo wants at his back. Wendigo
appease their spirits with dance and song, not trinkets.
The exception is that some Pacific Northwest Wendigo
are inclined to raise totem poles depicting the tribal
totem, the caern totem and any pack totems; these
poles are often the center of lesser rites.

The Wendigo's memorial areas are sacred ground
— not even Kin are allowed to tread there without
explicit permission. Wendigo share an abiding respect
for the bones of the dead, and often try to bury their
dead in as intact a condition as possible. Necessity
often demands that the Wendigo maintain a separate
burial area for their heroes outside caern boundaries.
They do this gladly; the extra work and trouble is more
than worth their honor.

The Umbral reflection of a Wendigo caern is
often distinctly colder than the physical world. Al-
though this cold can't damage Garou in the spirit
world, it can range from uncomfortable to distinctly
unpleasant. The more closely attuned to Great
Wendigo or Winter-spirits the caern totem is, the
more pronounced this effect is.

The Others

Although every shapeshifter can reap the benefits
of a caern, not all of them are suited to guarding and
maintaining them. In some cases, this is simply be-
cause the Breed in question is solitary or nomadic by
nature, and admits that their kind would make poor
custodians. Other shapeshifters tried their hand at
guarding caerns — and ultimately failed.

When the War of Rage broke out, the Garou used
it as an excuse to commandeer as many caerns as
possible. Their pretext was that the other Changing
Breeds just weren't up to the challenge of defending

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines

caerns from the Wyrm — after all, they couldn't
defend those caerns from the Garou.

As aresult, even though every shapeshifter would
gladly use acaern, few indeed have caerns of their own.
Instead, they've learned and passed on a different way
of maintaining their ties with the spirit world. The
caernless shapeshifters commonly have their own rites
for staking out a piece of territory, and making travel
across the Gauntlet possible there. These "den-realms,"
as they're sometimes called, don't rely on latent mys-
tical power in the environment — but they don't offer
near as much benefit as a true caern might. The
shapeshifters of the modern age are thus stuck with a
dilemma — should they remain content with what
they have, or should they take a few risks in the hopes
of gaining the extra power they need?

Ananasi

Six people, half of them thin as bundles of sticks, sat
around the fountain and chatted quietly with one another,
their white teeth shining in the manmade light.

"The Hive has fallen," said Aspeth, the palest of hair
and face. "The winners took several losses in the effort, but
their plan was strong, and their information was accurate."

"Of course it was," replied Etienne matter-of-factly.

"Will we be moving in to claim the area for ourselves
now?" inquired Nora, the smallest. She was still young, not
long past her Merarerphaet.. "There' s no better time, as
weak asthe Garouare."

"No, of course "not," Etienne chided coolly. "It's not
as though we have any use for it... and as long as they hold
it, we know where they are, That operation is over. Now
we discuss new business."

The werespiders are typical of the caernless
shapeshifters; they claim no permanent territories of
their own, instead building their own personal con-
nections tothe Umbra. The den-realms they create are
web-havens, spun of spirit and Ananasi silk, that they
call their Sylie. A werespider's Sylie isn't particularly
huge; it can fill a small apartment, or it can fit into a
closet. Oddly enough, though, Sylie tend to flourish in
the heart of the city, or wherever else the Weaver is
strong. Apparently, the spirit-strands of the web lock
into the Weaver's Web itself, creating a passageway for
the werespider to exploit. They use these havens in the
usual way — as meditative places to replenish their
Gnosis and commune with spirit allies, and as a means
of entering the Umbra.

As one would expect, it's a bad idea to invade a
werespider's web. Ananasi are notorious for leaving
webline traps to guard their Sylie — anything from


tripwire-triggered traps to strands of razor-sharp, nearly
invisible silk. The Gauntlet is sometimes notably
thicker and more resistant near a werespider's Sylie as
well. The werespiders' den-realms may be transient in
nature, but that doesn't mean that the Ananasi don't
value the privacy of their parlors.

Bastet

"This is a dire insult, cousins." Enbata shaped each
word perfectly and clipped it off directly at the end, a sure
mark of his displeasure. "Each one of the Folk should be
welcome in the other's territory, provided he shows proper
respect. I have shown you and your king proper respect. I

have told you that I must speak with him. Why, then, do.

you not respect me?" Enbata nearly bit his tongue to

prevent himself from lapsing into a snarl. "lam Bagheera; a pecking order was established the "septs" were mod-

-erately effective. The longago war with Set and his

I am Bhon Bhat. I am due more than what you give me."

The two tall warriors didn't flinch or back away as

much as a step, much to Enbata's ever-growing displea-
sure. "That is as may be, Bhon Bhat," the one on the left
said, tapping the shaft of his assegai with one thumbnail.
"But Black Tooth is the Bhon Bhat here. These plains are
his plains; these rivers are his rivers; these herds are his
herds. You may walk through his gateposts, sit near his
throne and feast at his table and at his spirit-spring only if
he grants it. And, Bhon Bhat—" there was almost a sneer
in his voice as he said it— "he has neglected to inform us that
our job is to keep away all intruders save for his good friend
Enbata, ‘Lord of Thorny Skies.' Perhaps itis an oversight,
but we cannot second-guess our master." He grinned,
showing filed teeth. "I will ask, just to be sure, when next
I see my king. You may wait here until then, if you like."

Although the Bastet have managed to hold on to
a tiny handful of caerns, mostly in Africa, the vast
majority of the Breed relies on their den-realmsas their
Umbral connection. The few caerns held by Bastet
have little structure; they're rarely anything more than
a caern heart and a working agreement between the
werecats in residence. It wasn't necessarily always this
way — but time and territoriality have forced the
Bastet to settle for what they can get.

The Bagheera almost never maintained caerns of
any sort; they are among the most individualistic of
the Bastet, and have difficulty cooperating in groups
for more than a few weeks at a time. It's been implied
that the Bagheera were the ones to pioneer the
mastery of den-realms in the first place, perhaps so
that they wouldn't have to tolerate a whole sept full
of other Bastet.

On the other hand, Balam have been known to
occupy and maintain caerns, largely because they
didn't meet with much competition. The Balam home-

58 Guardians of the Caerns

A PS ET teenie (4

land is rather devoid of wolves, and therefore it fell to
the werejaguars to defend the sacred places. For centu-
ties, they sufficed — one "jaguar god" could defend a
small caern from the local humans and occasional
Banes or Wyrm-beasts until the time came to pass the
duty on to a descendant. The arrival of organized
threats changed all that — no matter how much the
locals feared a jaguar god's domain, the ruling Balam
couldn't resist a determined pack of werewolves, an
organized squad of fomori, or worse. The Balam lost
their sacred places one by one, and are in a desperate
struggle even now to save the few they have left.

The Bubasti were unusually gregarious for a Bastet

tribe, and sometimes congregated in small groups to

lead small temples of Kinfolk "worshippers." A single
Bubasti would always dominate such temples, but once

minions changed all this, though, and it would be
surprising if the Bubasti have so much as one caern of
their own left.

The Ceilican, on the other hand, never both-
ered to take caerns of their own in the first place.
Their ties with the fae folk made them welcome
guests at faerie caerns — or if not welcome guests,
then at least they knew enough about the place to
slip in on their own. When they were betrayed, the
tribe became much more reliant on their den-realms,
and these days very few Ceilican know much of
anything about caerns of any sort.

The Khan are tied to caerns more tightly than
any other Bastet breed except one — at least within
hengeyokai territory. The Khan of the Far East are
not quite as committed to the Bastet ideal of solitude,
and commonly take positions of honor in hengeyokai
courts. Even after the War of Rage, the weretigers
once had a few caerns of their own — but infighting
has ensured that all of them were lost to invaders and
the Wyrm long ago. The Khan are deeply ashamed of
their failure, but don't have the numbers to unite and
take back so much as one.

Like the Bagheera, the Pumonca are dedicated
individualists, almost to the point of isolationism.
However, unlike the Balam, they also shared territory
with Garou, so they had no need to watch over
unclaimed caerns. Sometimes they bargained with
Uktena or Croatan for the use of a caern; mostly, they
were content with their den-realms. The arrangement
soured when the Second War of Rage broke out; few
Pumonca alive today even think about trying to rees-
tablish their old contacts. It's possible that a few
Pumonca maintain some small caerns in the Andes,
out of Garou reach, but they aren't telling if they are.


The Qualmi are in much the same situation as
the Pumonca — they also had connections with the
werewolves (largely Uktena), and they too broke off
those relations when the Second War of Rage broke
out. If anything, the werelynxes have even more right
to be bitter, because their European branch was
wiped out by werewolves long ago in the original War
of Rage. However, the northern cats do their best to
keep their tempers ice-cold and their wits about
them; they realize that seeking revenge would prob-
ably wipe out the last of them.

It's the Simba who truly break the mold. Like
werewolves, they operate with a pack mentality; like
werewolves, they consider themselves the chosen war-
riors of their homeland. In many ways, the Simba
behave much as if they were feline Garou, and they
even hold a few caerns to this day. There they erect
shrines to their pride leaders, make offerings to their
various Jamak, and draw on the Umbra's power as
needed. It's said that Black Tooth oversees two caerns
himself — the one he inherited from his ancestors, and
the one he took from the Ajaba in his genocidal purge.
The werelionsare particularly protective of theircaerns,
because the caern's heart is a way for them to enter the
Umbra without mastering a powerful Gift. The pack
planning to assault a Simba caern should prepare
themselves as if they were planning to assault any
Garou caern — and then some.

If the Swara ever held any caerns of their own, the
Simba have probably taken them by now. The cheetah
folk are barely hanging on to their own already; if not
for their Umbral affinity, there's no telling whether
they'd still be around today or not... —

Finally, the Ajaba, long held as the bastard half-
breeds of the Bastet, are in equally bad shape. The
werehyenas are as pack-oriented as the Simba or Garou,
and were socially inclined to maintain caerns of their
own. An Ajaba "sept" was more of a sprawling clan
where everybody could claim some distant relation to
everybody else. However, the Simba forced them from
their ancestral caerns; the only caerns they maintain
now are urban caerns, places of Rage and endurance in
the face of hardship. The Black Spiral Dancers have
also been on arecruitment drive among the Ajaba, and
the promise of caerns (well, Hives) all their own has
been a major selling point. The majority of the tribe
has resisted the temptation to say, "fuck it all" and
throw in their lot with the Fallen Ones — but it might
be only a matter of time.

Corax

It looked like the situation was well under control at this
point. The first wave of fomori had splintered into bits when

they'd hit the Gnawers' ambush, and the rest of the troops
had faltered when they'd realized that the werewolves were
on to them. Then the spirits had gone to work with a
fusillade of glass and fire, softening the invaders just enough
to be scattered when the Gnawers' main charge slammed
into them. Now the werewolves were hastily dragging the
bodies of the fallen away and getting the fires under control,
just in case the police actually decided to show up.

And up in the sky, losef Backtracker banked lazily
around an errant plume of smoke and started beating his
wings, flying north to his next stop.

You guys got it easy, he thought to himself. You only
have to watch out for one caernata time. Us, we gotta look
out for all of them.

The Corax don't keep caerns, and they don't feel
the need to. They don't even establish den-realms of
any sort for their own personal use. In ancient times,
the Corax were welcome at all caerns. A wereraven's
arrival meant the arrival of news, something that was
well worth the purchase price of a little spare Gnosis.
This changed when the War of Rage broke out, but
some Corax have kept a few contacts among certain
Garou tribes (notably Get of Fenris, Shadow Lords,
Red Talons and Fianna). If need be, these wereravens
have been able to slip in while their buddies "look the
other way" — but as one of the Changing Breeds
blessed with an affinity for Umbral travel, most Corax
prefer to recharge their Gnosis in the Umbra directly,
in a safe spot picked out for just such an occasion.

Gurahl

The humans' scent was drawing nearer. They were
almost to the heart of the sacred place. Their flint spears had
stopped stinging Growling Rock's hide a long time ago, but
the ache in his heart hadn't faded, not even a little.

He didn't want to fight them, so he'd run away. But
they were clever trackers — Growling Rock didn't know
how they were able to do it so easily, with such tiny, useless
noses. Now they were close, and their jabber spoke of
death-bears, of evil places and great strength to be gained
from eating the bear's flesh. Their hearts seemed to have
rotted completely out of their bodies, leaving them hollow
—or so it seemed to Growling Rock, who'd never heard of
humans acting this way, and had no idea how to make the
manlings better.

Growling Rock didn't want to fight. But it didn't seem
that there was any option left to him. So he stood up on his
hind legs, and with a mountain-rattling growl, he paced
forward to meet them.

The Gurahl no longer make a practice of keeping
caerns. At one time, they were happy to serve as
protectors of Gaia's sacred places, but they were

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 59

OLR PS ET tiie //,


driven from their lands for their trouble and either
slain or forced into hibernation. There are no (well,
maybe one, but that's the Storyteller's call) active
caerns still in Gurahl hands today: The werebears of
today rely on the trick of using den-realms (which
they call Umbral Glades) to maintain their Umbral
connections. Even so, the information here might
prove useful for historical chronicles, or for adding
history to existing caerns that might once have been
under the werebears' protection.

Naturally, the Gurahl preferred to open caerns of
Healing; they saw it as their duty and responsibility as
Gaia's healets to oversee such caerns' powers. The
werebears were also attracted to caerns of Fertility,
Gnosis, Plenty, Strength and Stamina, although they
admitted that they had no greater claim to such caerns
than did any other shapeshifter. They weren't opposed
to tending for caerns of Rage, Primal-Urge and other
such types, but in almost all cases they considered
themselves only caretakersungila worthy sent could he
found to take command of the caern. ©

In many ways, the Gurahl who servedins care-
takers for caerns were no different from their Garou
cousins. They carefully kept the bawn clean, with
all the natural elements in harmony; they propiti-
ated the caern's totem with offerings and songs; they
used misdirection and intimidation to keep the
humans far away. The largest difference was that the
werebears weren't very gregarious over the long
term, and sometimes a caern would have only one
Gurahl guardian to its name.

The werebears always tried to make the caern
ready for visitors. The Gurahl usually set aside a fairly
open area for their gathers; even in more recent days,
with only a few Gurahl at best available to hold acaern,
the werebears always wanted to be ready in case they
got the opportunity to host a revel. Their assembly
areas weren't elaborate affairs; the main features were
massive rocks or immense fallen trees, dragged and
shaped by giant paws to mark the. boundaries of the
assembly area, or to give people someplace comfort-
able to sit. Such places were usually decorated with

abundant foodstuffs during a revel, in keeping wi
Gurahl idea of festivities and hospitality — b
more businesslike meetings, the assembly area re-
mained fairly simple. The tales say that when some
Garou violated that hospitality and slew their hosts, it
was such a shock to the caerns that the caerns died
forever — damning the werewolves with the greatest
sin known to any shapechanger.

A

Mokolé

They were prepared going in. They knew to expect
some light resistance at the border of the reputed "lizard-
beasts'" territory. They figured that a quick strike with
medium-sized ordnance would take down any initial guards.
They'd expected the defenders to get more and more
desperate as the team penetrated closer to the heart of their
territory, and they'd packed plenty of heavy ordnance for
just such a fight.

They were not prepared for the twenty-foot long
mosasaur that came surging out of the shallow water not
twenty feet past the "NO TRESPASSING SIGN" and
tore off Conroy's top half before he could scream.

There was quite a lot of screaming and random gunfire
at that point; it was no wonder they couldn't think straight.
Even if they'd had time to puzzle it out, they likely wouldn't
have understood why the monster' s attack was so ferocious,
so far from the heart of their lair. They probably wouldn't
hose daducad shar shop d chair wo dine yfattadk shar taal
them right over the top of Churning River's egg mound.
And there was really no battle plan in the world that could
prepare you for facing an angry Mokolé mother.

Mokolé caerns, or "wallows," aren't very elaborate
at all. If not for the odd spiritual "tingle" that a
shapechanger can receive, it'd be hard for a non-
Mokolé to realize when he's standing in the middle of
a Dragon Breed wallow. The Mokolé are fairly singular
among Changing Breeds; they congregate around caerns
as do the Garou, but they have a tendency to be less
concerned with a caern's welfare than with the welfare
of the shapeshifters and spirits within.

Most Mokolé wallows are located in swampland,
or along rivers; the majority of the Dragon Breed is
quite comfortable in water, in human form or other-
wise. Depending on the amount of local suchid Kin, a
Mokolé wallow might be located in a desert — but for
the most part, it's nice, comfortable swampland. The
bawn is naturally protected by the terrain, as most
normal people are deathly afraid of quicksand and
poisonous snakes — and it's a simple enough matter for

an Archid-form Mokolé to overturn any boat small
garlands of flowers, splashes of paint and heaped with

en igh. to oe the marsh.

he | on't ask too much in terms of
living areas, or at least the suchids among them
don't. A simple cabin with a good:stretch of clean
water is just fine. However, a vitally important area
of any Mokolé caern is a safe spot to lay eggs and
hatch out a clutch. The Dragon Breed will guard
such a clutching spot as fiercely as they guard the
heart of their wallow; their parental instinct easily
rivals the strength of their love for Gaia.

60 Guardians of the Caerns

i ————

ieienesy //-


The Dragon Breed does maintain shrines to their
spirit allies, although this isn't a fixed rule. A Mokolé's
promise of remembering a spirit and its deeds is just as
valuable as a Garou's promise to dedicate kills and war
trophies to a totem. Conversely, the Mokolé do not
have an equivalent for the Graves of the Hallowed
Heroes; their deep and abiding connection to the
Memory means that wherever they go, they're con-
nected to those who have gone before.

The Umbrascape of a Mokol€é caern is nothing
particularly unusual — save to those with exceptional
spiritual awareness. To these gifted few, they can half-
see shadows: impressions left behind by the Memory.
Prehistoric shadow-fronds wave in long-extinct winds;
giant footprints sink into the muck, but always just out
of the corner of your eye. Regrettably, it's impossible
for anyone not gifted with Mnesis to see these visions
as anything more than fleeting glimpses — which can
be quite maddening to anyone who sees them in the
first place, and can't help but want to see more.

Yagah

"I think that the Fallen Ones suspect something,"
Kakeiya mused, plaiting a honeysuckle vine into her
hair. "I've noticed divers down by the harbor; they bear
no insignia, but I'm certain they have something to do
with the Hallahan offices down there. They have a...
smell to them." .

Silver Sariyena leaned back against the curtained wall.
"That may be true," he replied in his sing-song voice , "but
it's little enough business of ours. Let the humans dredge the
river bottom. They won't find us in here," he smiled,
stroking the velvet folds.

"We should make it our business," Tokuda said flatly.
"We cannot rush our plans concerning the Glass Walker,
and we would be fools to ignore this threat." He folded the
knife he was sharpening and slid it into a pocket. "We
should prepare our bodies to receive the Ananta, and we
should move it tomorrow night. Then we should deal with
these would-be river hunters. It will make fine practice."

Kakeiya smiled her perfect smile in agreement. Silver
Sariyena also smiled and nodded, but a little wistfully.

The Nagah are another of the shapeshifting races
wit theve few cay; bir dave denned vo mate ub.
They maintain their own den-realms, as do Bastet —
yet they know the secret of absorbing these den-
realms (called Ananta) into themselves when it's
time to travel. Nagah invariably place their Ananta
underwater, possibly because the rite doesn't work on
dry land and possibly just out of preference. One
wereserpent is enough to create, maintain, absorb
and regurgitate an Ananta, but the Nagah prefer to

61


te

maintain these den-realms as small "nests" of two or
three. In effect, they keep Ananta in much the same
way as Garou keep pack totems, even if the function
is completely different.

The wereserpents also maintain a tiny few an-
cestral caerns, all of which are situated under the
waters of various rivers. In one of these caerns, the
Sesha — the wereserpents' governing body — holds
court. These places are, naturally, little enough to
look at in the physical world — but in the spirit
world they are majestic caverns, resplendent with
veins of shining metal. The Sesha's caern has a
series of shifting spirit-tunnels that connect with
every Ananta in existence; thus the snake-breed
manages to keep tightly connected.

Nagah caerns are caerns of Enigmas, Gnosis and
even Secrecy — a rare caern type that is obviously not
well known to any shapeshifter. They are not guarded
by any Gaian spirits or caern totems, but maintain
some links to the Wani, the Dragon-spirit patrons of
the wereserpents. They are exceptionally well hidden
even from the Penumbra; it is technically possible to
stumble directly into a Nagah caern, but survival is
probably much less of a possibility.

Yuwisha

The moot was growing wilder by the minute. Talesinger
Mishanter had been forced to begin his tales a little earlier
than he'd planned, so that the audience wouldn't be too
drunk or rowdy to appreciate them by the time he'd finished.
He was coming to another climax in his stories, and his
audience was in fine spirits indeed.

"Though we mourn the passing of our Changing
brethren so long ago, we honor them by honoring the caern
that was once theirs, and by defending it with our lives!" He
raised a horn of frothy liquid that almost seemed to sparkle
in the firelight. "To those who came before us, and to the
Fianna heroes amongst us who follow in their tracks!"

"Here's to 'em!" Curious Moon echoed along with
the rest of the sept, raising her mug as they did. And
here's to the look on your faces if you ever figure out
that we never really, truly completely left, she added
silently as she drank a long swig. Not that I'm going to
be the one to tell you.

The Nuwisha used to keep caerns (or "kibas," as
they called them), but when the European Garou
came trampling down the landscape, the werecoyotes
simply retreated. They'd discovered that the Europe-
ans did indeed serve Gaia, even if they were awfully
clumsy and shortsighted about it — so they figured the
kibas would be in more or less good hands. At the very
least, it wasn't worth dying to protect the kibas —

Coyote needs his children, after all. So they quietly
packed up, moved away, and left the keys where the
Garou could find them, as it were.

Well, they left copies of the keys behind. The
Nuwisha kept the originals.

To this day, the Nuwisha have almost no kibas
to their name; they're happy to let the Garou do all
the work of defending and maintaining caerns, while
they just slip in through the back door and use the
caern whenever they choose. This isn't something
that the youngsters try; an enterprising werecoyote
must be at least Rank Two and possess the Gift of
Sheep's Clothing to stand any real chance of suc-
cess. It becomes easier to try this prank in kibas that
used to be in Nuwisha hands, as the caern totem
isn't likely to blow the werecoyote's cover if it
recognizes her for what she is.

The Nuwisha know a very abbreviated version of
the Rite of the Opened Caern, one that allows them to
draw on their former kibas' power with utmost stealth
and expediency. Again, this rite works only in kibas
that used to be under Nuwisha control; there's not a
Nuwisha in the world that could saunter into the Black
Forest caern and persuade or trick the Wild Boar into
doling out a portion of its power on the sly. The rite can
be enacted in only five minutes, and it involves no loud
howls or cries; most Nuwisha pull it off while the
greater portion of the local sept is deep asleep.

Ratkin

"Look at it," Izzy said admiringly, gesturing out at the
swath of blackened concrete and tattered yellow. tapes.
"Man! Just gets me right there, y'know?"

"Can't say as I do," Martha replied carefully, resting
her hands on her hips.

"And you guys call yourselves kids of Mama Rat,"
Izzy sniffed. "What your problem is, is you're too fond of
them humans. You can't appreciate stuff like this. When
that building stood there, it was just this big ol' steaming pile
that the Weaver crapped out. But a lil' gasoline later, and
blam! The Webs are all cut, and all crashing down. Pure
Wyld, right in the heart of the city." He sniffed the air
approvingly. "Youcan still smell the chaos, y' know. That's
why we took over under the place; it's good stuff down
there. And we've kept on stymieing the damn human's
efforts to rebuild. Pays to have friends in City Hall," he
added meaningfully.

"I guess it does," Martha admitted. And the two of
them stood quietly, watching a rat clamber out from
between a couple of chunks of rubble and scamper across
the side street.

Guardians of the Caerns

NN  ,  e


The Ratkin have plenty of caerns (or "nests") of
their own, and they manage to keep hold of them
pretty well. The high-and-mighty Silver Fangs or
Fianna might think about taking over a Wendigo
caern if it's near a clean river with a pretty view, but
they're not so enthusiastic about clearing out a subter-
ranean infestation so they can take over the rats'
tunnels. These places can teem with dozens of wererats
at a time, and are about the farthest thing from "safe"
that the city has to offer short of a Black Spiral Hive.

Ratkin nests don't have to take up all that much
space, and they usually don't. It's customary among the
wererats to spend much of their time at the nest in
Rodens form; Homid and Crinos aren't particularly
useful in the cramped tunnels they call home. A single
closet can offer crashspace to multiple rat packs, as
long as they're not trying to drag all their gear with
them. As a result, a nest's actual bawn might not
extend all that far — but with all the eyes the Ratkin

have on their side, they're able to pick up intruders...

long before the trespassers cross the bawn's boundaries.

However, not all Ratkin nests are urban (although
the vast majority are). Ratkin keep the occasional
rural kingdom, in abandoned grain silos, bayous, oases
or ghost towns. These nests don't boast near the
wererat population of an average urban nest, although
it's still plenty of Ratkin to give an unwary trespasser
a nasty surprise. There are usually lots of Kinfolk —
and usually rodent Kin at that — in the area of a nest;
Ratkin are notorious for breeding rather prodigiously,
and like having a lot of warm bodies around.

The heart of a Ratkin caern is rather... loose
around the edges of reality. Even though the caern's
heart might be buried deep under an overgrown city
block, the wererats have gnawed at the Webs so
thoroughly that the Gauntlet is suprisingly low for any
urban caern. And the Penumbra of a nest, now, is
where things get really wild — or, more accurately,
really Wyld. Ratkin are creatures of chaos, and tend to
set up shop in places where the Weaver is weak and the
Wyld is strong. Thanks to their own practiced brand of
anarchy, the Ratkin are able to feed the Wyld even in
the hearts of the cities — more accurately, in the urban
areas that humans are afraid to enter. Reality gets a few
more hairline fractures in wererat territory, and Weaver-
spirits who stray too close to the nest's heart get eaten.
Rat-spirits are in plentiful supply, even gathering in
teeming hordes during major rites. The Web here has
been gnawed to almost threadlike thinness in some
parts, chewed completely away in others. It's a hostile
place for any visitor who isn't allied with Rat or her
children, and even Bone Gnawers might have some
quick explaining to do to excuse their presence.

Rokea

Eyes-of-the-Wound could smell the whale's blood
pouring into the ocean even across the half-mile between
them. Forcing himself to think cold thoughts instead of the
warm feeding instinct, he sent another question pulsing into
the inky waters.

Did they use man-tools?

The Rorqual's answer boomed in his head, and he
almost felt a twinge of the great whale's pain. Not to
breathe. They used man-weapons to hurt me, and
they smelled of more man-death, but the gills they
wore were their own.

Very well, Eyes-of-the-Wound curtly responded.
Swim far from here. I am gathering, and your blood
would distract us.

Yes.

His form swelled with new muscle, lengthening and
thickening into the Death-shape, the Fighting Jaws, the
shape of the Ancestor Shark. Row after row of inches-long
teeth ground against each other. The familiar heat of anger
pumped in his heart and his mind blazed with a furious call.

Brethren. The sick sons and daughters of Qyrl
gather near the Grotto of Six Heated Gashes. Another
electrical pulse and the location shot out to the others. Swim
to me. There must be a feeding.

The Rokea aren't greatly territorial beasts, and
don't have much of a concept of "owning" portions of
the sea. The concept of claiming a caern as "theirs" is
alittle alien to them — if you can't pick it up and carry
it with you, how can it be considered yours? They do

recognize caerns — or Grottoes, as they call them —

as places where the Gauntlet is weak and the weresharks
can easily enter the Umbra or draw on some more of
Gaia's blessings. They just don't consider a Grotto
something that anyone can own.

However, the Rokea's memories are very long
— for there are few distractions in the dark seas —
and each wereshark knows the locations of virtually
every Grotto for hundreds of miles. Although they
might allow certain other individuals to set up shop
in a Grotto (the merfolk fae, for instance, are able to
live in Grottoes without incurring the Rokea's
wrath), they are more than willing to decide who's
authorized and who isn't.

Finally, the Rokea have a somewhat symbiotic
relationship with the Rorqual, great (and quite rare)
Kami bound into the bodies of cetaceans. The Rorqual
take it upon themselves to draw Gnosis from the
Grottoes proper, and distribute it to any of Gaia's own
that require it. Since a single Rorqual can hold vast
amounts of Gnosis, and is expert at locating Rokea to

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 63

TS

|


give them such a gift, this makes it much less necessary...

for the Rokea to stay within an easy swim of a Gro

The weresharks leave it up to the Rorqual. to. pay

homage and tend the sacred places — they'll
fighting to defend the Grottoes as NECeSSaRye

Che Beast Courts

The flutist sat cross-legged by the small pool, pi
tune to the carp passing in and out of the lotus ster
music lingered in the willow branches, sliding between the
leaves — then died out abruptly as the short, tattered mi
hopped the stream and drew near to the flutist. She »
the flute in her lap, but didn't look up.

"Your pardon," the visitor hissed.
interrupt your reverie."

"Your voice makes a liar of you," she rep

"I did not wish to

You dislike the thought of... one of my kind havi
hour to think on whatever it is we think abous

kers. "The Japanese hunters are coming,
"They have very new guns and very many b
stink of metal webs. They must be dealt wi
Fire Moon sentai is still in Hakodate. Genera.
says that you must be enough.

"I see." She rose to her feet in a sinuous
much like a serpent uncoiling as anything else. "
must be enough, I will be." For the first time, she |
directly at her visitor, who flinched under her gemlike.
She held out her flute — and although he didn't know why,
he opened his hand and took it.

would play for him this evening. If I am.. . delayed, then
believe you should keep my appointment for me.' :
The lands of the Beast Courts of the Emerald
Mother have just as many sacred places ‘as do
Sunset Lands, and the hengeyokai have had tox
their caerns from as many besiegers. In fact,
hengeyokai have even more to worry about — for in

their lands, even the living dead seek to drink all the

Mother's energy out of a "dragon nest."

The main difference between hengeyokai_ i

Western caerns is that a hengeyokai court |

for sept) is often composed of multipl Changing .

Breeds. Although this doesn't change then
caern and its powers, it does have an effect on
the caern's grounds are structured. The c

pected to maintain their caern in such a fashion that ~

Tengu, Hakken, Zhong Lung and Nezumi alike can all
look upon the sacred area, hold their rites there, and
pronounce it good. As a result, hengeyokai caerns are

64 Guardians of the Caerns

LL PT TE neil //

wildly varied from one another, depending on the
actual makeup of the court — but there are a few values
ihe all caerns have in common.

_ The hengeyokai believe very strongly in proper
maintenance of the caern's bawn; there is almost
invariably at least one office in each court devoted

‘to that very purpose. Should the court be too small

to.support such an office, the duties of bawn care
are generally assigned to the court's general, regent

or seer. Although the thought of a mighty Khan

general carefully overseeing the planting of cherry
trees might seem a bit comical to outsiders, it's no
joke to the hengeyokai.

"he Beast Courts also collectively hold very few
Umbral caerns; a caern in the heart of Hong Kong or
Tokyo might be all well and good for a band of Nezumi,

_ Glass Walkers or Kumo, but most other hengeyokai
vastly prefer the countryside. Legends of the Age of

yeaffirm the common belief that the cities are
where evil is born, and although some courts are
ing to claim territory in the enemy's camp, the

pajority are not.

Reverence for one's ancestors and spirit allies is a
werful force in hengeyokai society. Not one
ngeyokai caern exists that doesn't have a well-
ined shrine area for paying homage to the spirits
the caern's fallen heroes alike. Not one. These
shrines can be remarkably diverse in form and adorn-
ments — even close cousins like Hakken and Kitsune
can choose to venerate their totems in remarkably
different ways, so imagine what decorations a court

with Kitsune, Nezumi, Tengu, Hakken and Nagah
~ members would provide.
"I promised our patron, mighty Mountain, that. I ="

_ The court's regent sometimes resides fully within
the caern's heart; it is considered appropriate for a
court's high official to show devotion to the spirits by
residing with them. If possible, the caern's heart will
also feature'a small area suitable for the court's seer to
commune with the spirits. The ten suns of the Mirror
Lands are only sometimes visible from a caern's heart;
they aren't considered good luck, and some courts
prefer to build structures to shelter the heart from their

~ light. The heart pulses with spirit activity; Ancestor-

spirits, elementals, Animal-spirits, spirits of moun-

, tains and trees and streams and stones — all are drawn

to the dragon nests, particularly if the geomancy of the

area has been well maintained. It can all make matters

very difficult for an exhausted regent who's trying to
take a brief nap —— but the spirits are more respectful to
those of high rank and widely renowned wisdom, so
the truly enlightened have little to worry about.

- The Eastern shapechangers are as a whole very

_ status-conscious; therefore their assembly areas are


designed to proclaim the caern's glory and honor the
court's members at the same time. Such a place is
usually hung with many decorations, whether splen-
didly dyed silks, bright tassels, war-banners, prayer
strips, antlers and bones, well-crafted weapons or any-
thing else. The Mirror Lands reflection of a court's
assembly area is sometimes more splendid than the
physical version, and many courts take to holding their
gatherings in the Mirror Lands for that very reason.
Out of necessity, the living areas in a hengeyokai
court must be fairly elaborate and diverse. It's impor-
tant to have quarters suitable for all court members
from Nezumi to Zhong Lung — to say nothing of the
need to accommodate distinguished guests! Although
the living quarters can still be humble in form, it is
important that each major faction has privacy, as well
as visitors; it would not do to offend visiting hsien, for
example, by forcing them to sleep in a common room
with a dozen other people. Hot springs are an ideal
addition to the living quarters, but if none are to be

had, the court will certainly set up a bath area so that
courtiers and visitors may purify themselves. Regretta-
bly, since space is at a premium, hengeyokai Kinfolk
are always required to dwell outside the caern; even
newly married couples are rarely allowed to honey-
moon within the bawn.

In the Mirror Lands, a hengeyokai caern can be a
vision out of fantasy. The hengeyokai have learned the
secret of erecting splendid Penumbral structures that
benefit their earthly locations. A small stream might
flow a little purer if an ornamental bridge is built and
consecrated across its Penumbral counterpart; a caern
might enjoy better luck if its Mirror Lands boast a fine
set of bright torii (Japanese shrine gates). Regrettably,
the Fifth Age has been rather hard on the hengeyokai's
sacred places, and all too often a caern's Penumbra is
scarred with the marks of recent battles. Battles with
Banes can get particularly nasty, for if the decorations
and structures in the Mirror Lands are destroyed, the
physical locale they bless may take ill and wither.

Chapter Two: Tribal Lines 65

OA PT ieee //,

|

Give me five Garou, and a week to train them. After
that, you can open up the gates to any hell you like and the
six of us will keep them from the caern's heart.

—Skottri Thousandslayer, Warder of the Burning
Stone Caern

A pack's character is interwoven with that of its
sept, and a sept's character is interwoven with that of
the caern it guards. The actual structure and details of
your players' sept should be a very important portion of
their self-image. But how exactly do you stress the
importance of the players' caern and sept, in ways that
don't seem too preachy?

This is one of the reasons that careful sept design
and handling are so important. Both are very necessary
to meeting the chronicle's needs. If the players don't
feel involved, and don't feel that there's anything
present that serves their interests, they aren't going to
enjoy the game.

There are a number of basic tactics you can keep
in mind. First of all, no two caerns are alike — so you
should select something wholly unique for yours. Stone
circles are a fairly common idea, but what if the stones
bleed when Garou blood is shed within a hundred
yards? What if the Fury caern boasts a strange blue
flame at its center that hasn't gone out for two thou-
sand years? What if the cliff overlooking the caern is
shaped somewhat like a wounded bear, with a story to
match? What if that urban caern is sacred to Falcon or
Fenris? A strong visual identity is very useful for
catching the players' interest; more importantly, it
should capture ‘your interest, and make you want to
craft stories around the caern.

Chapter Three: Digging In 67

ee nimmeniemay //,

|


You should also make sure that there's at least a
little something for each player in the sept; if there's no
wolf population around your caern, it'll be hard to
convince the Red Talon's player that the caern's worth
fighting for. These points of interest don't have to be
tribal in nature, either; why not try to hook the Get's
player with a romantic interest rather than a sacred
battlefield? Even if the players' characters aren't the
most important werewolves in the caern, they are the
most important characters in the game — they're the
protagonists, after all. Each one should have ample
chance to shine.

Naturally, if the pack continually goes to the effort
of bettering their caern and sept, without prompting
from their elder, then they're probably due a modest
Honor award. Be sure to roleplay out the praise they
receive from their elders, possibly at a moot.

But if you really want to go the extra distance,
there are two highly dramatic options open to you —
you can promote some or all of the pack to actual sept
offices, or you can even have the players develop
some real ties to a caern by getting them to create
their own. There are a lot of variables to consider

Double Duty

One possible option open to experienced
Storytellers and players is that when the pack
members have reached sufficient rank and pres-
tige to earn prominent sept positions, they can
accept — and the players play both their experi-
enced sept officials and a newly generated pack of
fresh-faced cubs. Not at the same time, mind —
basically, the players roleplay the elders in sept
matters and times of true crisis, but switch over to
the new pack when the elders need to send a pack
on a mission but can't leave the caern them-
selves. This allows the players to enjoy all the
high-powered tension of sept politics, while still
giving them ample time to explore the outside
world with their newcomers.

This is, however, recommended mainly for
experienced groups; it's all too easy for players to
start abusing their power by having their elder
characters show a bit too much favoritism toward
their younger characters. Problems can also arise
in times when the caern's under attack, and play-
ers naturally want to play both their characters at
once. Still, a system like this has a lot of potential.
And just imagine the emotional stakes if the elders
are taken out of commission temporarily, and the
youngsters have to save the day....

68 Guardians of the Caerns

Y an ims 1/4

with either option, of course; but the interest these
tactics can generate is undeniable.

Faithful Service

One of the most direct and fulfilling ways to get
your players involved in their caern is to assign their
characters specific sept duties — in particular, grant-
ing them offices in the sept hierarchy. However, a brief
look at the various offices is discouraging to many
Storytellers; in order to fulfill these duties well, a pack
would have to spend most, if not all, of their time
within the bawn. That tends to cut down on stories
with interesting backdrops, and anyone can tell you
that it's boring to set an entire chronicle in one specific
locale, even if that locale's as large as a city or even a
state. What's more, if one character has an important
sept role and the others don't, there can be long
stretches in which that character is the only one doing
anything — pure poison for a game.

However, there are ways to get the best of both
worlds — itis possible to make your players feel like an
integral and vital part of the sept, while still allowing
them the freedom to go on Umbral quests, diplomatic
errands into unfamiliar territory, raids on Black Spiral
Hives and the like. Serving in a sept office needn't be
equated with retirement; it's a great way to retire a
character, of course, but that's not the only thing sept
service is good for.

Much of a sept office's duties come into play at
moots. Therefore, it's worth repeating here that a sept
will hold moots at least once a month (and many
measure this by the moon's phases — holding a moot
on every full moon, for instance). Keep in mind the
schedule of regular moots and your plans for more
singular moots; with a little attention to timing, you
can orchestrate the events surrounding a sept official's
duty for maximum dramatic effect.

Guardians

The most obvious choice for placing your players'
pack is as a group of caern Guardians, the sentinels
charged with keeping the borders intact. However, the
obvious choice isn't always the best. Although service
as a Guardian is an excellent way of gaining Honor, it's
not a quick route to Glory. More than that, it's not
really an expedient way to excitement unless the caern
is constantly under attack — and that sort of chronicle
grows old very quickly.

On the bonus side, though, Guardians do get a
better selection of fetishes, owing to their importance.
The fights they do get in are tense, bloody affairs — it's
one thing to fight the Wyrm's minions on neutral


ground and quite another to be standing in your own
home, trying to keep the forces of corruption and
violation from crossing the threshold. It's also a good
way of distinguishing yourself to your elders; more than
one caern Warder has been drawn from the ranks of
the Guardians when his predecessor stepped down or
(more likely) was slain in the line of duty.

Service in the ranks of the Guardians is probably
limited to a couple of story arcs' worth; it's all too easy
for players to see this office as glorified rent-a-cop
status, and thus become disenchanted with the pros-
pect all too soon. You can get multiple stories out of
this arc, though, without being redundant. First of all,
the pack has to distinguish themselves as trustworthy
and battle-hardened; that requires a story or two for
the players to prove themselves honorable and valor-
ous. Battles against the Wyrm or Weaver's forces, as
well as some good moral dilemmas, are perfect.

Once they're inducted, you move on to stories
where the characters serve as Guardians proper; you
can get one or two nights of faithful, mostly uneventful
service out of this. Even if Pentex doesn't attack the
caern, there's still plenty of opportunity for interesting
stories. What if the players catch a Kinfolk or Garou
ally sneaking off for a tryst with someone he or she
shouldn't be seeing? What if they catch someone

Le

spying on the caern, someone who's not immediately
obvious as a friend or enemy (like a mage or hunter)?

And these stories can build up to a climax, a story
where the characters' mettle as Guardians is sorely
tested. This can mean a full-out assault, but it's also
good to have the enemy undertaking clever, covert
operations that the players will have to think to
counter. Smarter enemies make for higher stakes and
more dramatic battles.

Once you've done all you care to (or all your
players care to) with the Guardians story arc, there are
a number of options for releasing the pack from their
duty. One option is promotion; one or more pack
members are moved to other sept offices in return for
their service, and the rest of the pack is largely released
from Guardian duty so as not to break up the unit.
Another possibility is that the sept elders become
convinced that the pack is better suited for missions on
the outside, carrying out first strikes against the enemy.
If the pack hasn't done so well, and has been generally
neglecting their posts, then they might get sent back to
the outside as a punishment. (And yeah, the players
could become disgusted with it all and go Ronin, but
hopefully their stint as Guardians will have reminded
them just what it is they're fighting for.)

Chapter Three: Digging In 69

Ne


a eA Ae

It's been mentioned before that Guardians receive a
better selection of fetishes than your average pack of cubs;
their duties as the front line of defense are just that
important. However, what sorts of fetishes are kept in
reserve for Guardians, instead of offered to any cub
charged with an important mission outside the bawn?

For one, fetish weapons are fairly common "badges of
office." Bane Arrows and other talens are particularly
appropriate; they're sufficiently expendable so that if a
Guardian falls, the loss isn't made all the worse, but they're
also potent enough to make a real difference. Guardians'
weapons are often bows, spears, axes or other weapons with
fairly good reach; the farther away the enemy falls from the
caern's heart, the better. Fang daggers and other short-
tange stabbing weapons are less likely to end'up in a

Guardian's hands; smaller fetish weapons like those are.
usually designed so they can be concealed and carried ih
human society. The exception is typically an urban caern,

where it's harder to explain away a tasseled, painted pike.
Klaives are definitely not appropriate; a klaive is far

too rare and valuable to give to a Guardian: The silver

fetish blades are reserved for Garou who actively take the
battle to the heart of the enemy time and again...

Other talens and fetishes offered to Guardians tend
to focus more on detection and Ppptections Stealth is a

scouts; Nightshade is a good choice, although it's used
sparingly. Sanctuary Chimes are also good, as longas the.
bearer remembers to invite the caetn's spirit protectors to
materialize if they s0 choc, Llampony Flutes and Spirit Ca

The Werewolf Players Guide offers a few more ieed

choices, namely Bones of Shielding, Elk Tooth Necklace,

Lagomorph's Boon, Gaia's Poultice and.Sands of Sleep.
addition, Storytellers might find the following fetishes anc
talens handy for rounding out the Guardians' arsenals.

Sentry's Voice

Level One, Gnosis 4

This fetish horn is fairly common among Get of Fenris,
Black Fury, Shadow Lord, Fianna and Silver Fang caerns.
Anyone can use it in mundane fashion, producing a call that
can be modulated to sound like the Howl of Warning. But
when activated and blown, its warning blast is audible only
to the Garou of the sept (as defined by their link to the caern
totem) and their spirit allies. The call resounds through the
physical world and Penumbra alike, and is equally loud
throughout the bawn. To fashion a Sentry's Voice, the
titemaster must bind a suitable animal spirit into the horn
(such as Rooster, Wolf, Coyote, or even Howler Monkey).

Arming the Guardians

_ The user ones the ashes ina line before him while
activating the talen; the line cannot be longer than ten

Watchspear

Level Two, Gnosis 5

This fetish spear seems to be a fairly primitive weapon,
usually flint-tipped with a small hole through the spear-
head. Like other fetish weapons, it inflicts aggravated
damage (Strength + 2, difficulty 6). However, its true
power is to warn its wielder of Umbral danger; when Banes
or other Wyrm-beasts in the Penumbra draw within two
hundred yards, the spear gives off a low whistle, as if a
strong wind were blowing through the hole in the spear-
head. This warning comes only if the spear's owner is
holding the spear in her hand, and cannot warn of Wyrm-
creatures approaching in the physical world; the spear's
senses are attuned to the Penumbra alone. To create this
weapon, t the ctafter must bind one of the he following spirits

Arrow-Killer

Gnosis 6

it becomes i neffective. While the talen is in effect
no mundane missile weapon, thrown or
ne He ashes. Hurled rocks, arrows and

Gnosis 5

This talen takes the form of a small bead of amber or
clay. A Garou must swallow it in order to activate it; when
he does so, he and all his dedicated equipment meld with
a portion of the earth around him — he may sink into the
earth, be absorbed by a rock outcropping, or even blend
into a brick wall. He may remain in this state, aware of his
surroundings, for up to a scene; otherwise, he can emerge
into the physical world whenever he likes. If the section of
earth he inhabits isdamaged, the Garou takes unaggravated
wounds to match the severity of the damage; this is usually
enough to bring a werewolf out fighting. This talen re-
quires that the spirit of a trapdoor spider be bound within.

70

Guardians of the Caerns

nia einen //,


Lesser Offices

Most of the lesser offices are fairly suitable for
player characters; since they're not strictly necessary
for a sept to perform at full strength, the officeholders
can be allowed away from the caern now and again as
the occasion demands. In many septs, a werewolf
might hold two or three of the minor offices, or one of
the minor offices in conjunction with one of the
greater offices. The elders are usually willing to entrust
relatively young Garou with one of these positions, as
it lessens another Garou's burden while reinforcing
the young one's sense of responsibility.

Caller of the Wyld

Like many of the lesser offices, the Caller of the
Wyld is largely a moot office. The Caller of the
Wyld is charged with invocation of the sept's totems
(the tribal totems of any tribes in the sept, as well as
the caern totem itself) during a moot. If there aren't
enough Garou to go around, this office's role typi-
cally gets tacked onto the Master of the Rite's
already long list of duties.

This is a good intermediate-level position for a
player's character; it's important enough that the
character plays a vital role in any moot, and yet it
allows for plenty of "free time" between moots. It's
usually reserved for Theurges, although other aus-
pices can do well in this role if they're sufficiently
well-acquainted with the totems. If two totems with
rivalries share a sept (say, Rat and Griffin), then
optimally the Caller of the Wyld shouldn't be of
either totem's tribe; that would imply preferential
treatment. This office can also offer plenty of Umbral
quest story hooks, as the totems might easily make
demands of their representative.

If your sept is sufficiently large, you might allow
the players to take the roles of the Shining Ones —
werewolves charged with dancing, singing or other-
wise playing the part of each totem during the Caller's
rites. For instance, a large mixed sept of Shadow
Lords, Silent Striders and Glass Walkers might merit
four Shining Ones, to play the respective parts of
Grandfather Thunder, Owl, Cockroach and the caern
totem. Like the role of Guardian, this is a good
introduction to filling a sept office and a chance for
more expressive players to cut loose; the chance to
"roleplay" a tribal totem doesn't come around often.
Add in the fact that a Shining One had better do a
good job of representing her "persona," or an entire
tribe at the sept might take offense, and the possibili-
ties become larger than they'd seem at first.

Chapter Three: Digging In

POL PA TR rr niieey //,

Master of the Howl

The Master of the Howl is another office wherein
the officeholder's duties bind him to caern grounds
only during a moot. The main duty of this office is to
lead the assembled werewolves in the howls, songs and
chants that begin the moot, in such a way that the
howls convey the right mood and set the right tone. It's
an important role, as it's vital to seeing that moots run
as smoothly and unobtrusively as possible; even so, the
Master of the Howl isn't often needed between moots.

Although the Galliard is the obvious auspice for
this position, any character with sufficient charisma
and talent can fill this role. Knowing the Moot Rite is
also required.

There aren't many plot hooks specific to the
Master of the Howl office. This can be a good thing,
though. If an appropriate candidate exists in your
pack, but one who has extensive goals outside the
caern, this can work as a way of getting him more
directly involved with the caern without making him
feel crushed by his duties. And ifhe starts to enjoy the
role, all the better.

Calesinger

The position of Talesinger might be one that your
players will fight over, particularly the more expressive
ones. Not only is the Talesinger a prestigious post, but
it's also one of the offices that comes into play mainly
at moots. Who wouldn't want to be out fighting the
Wyrm all day, only to come back to the moot and
regale one's elders with the heroic song of your triumph
— and gain Honor for the job to boot?

Thanks to the fact that this office is highly cov-
eted, you can get plenty of mileage out of it without
even letting a player take the position. If word gets
around the sept that a new Talesinger is about to be
chosen, the rivalries will start almost instantly. Even if
none of your players are looking to fill the post, other
Garou might see them as potential rivals, and start
subtly trying to discredit them. If you play it right, the
pack's Galliard might make a bid for the position just
to spite his newfound rivals. (This is a poor motive for
becoming Talesinger, but it's typically Garou; and at
any rate, you'll have ample opportunity to get the
ambitious pup to reexamine his motives.)

Naturally, Galliards stand the best chance at
becoming Talesinger, although particularly expres-
sive Garou of other auspices can hold the position.
There are no prerequisite rites to learn — only a good
sense of storytelling.


The beauty of the Talesinger position is that
almost anything becomes a potential story seed at that
point — whatever quest or errand the pack is given,
the Talesinger has an additional investment in making
sure the story comes out right. It's not unlike having a
war journalist along, only more poetic — and, of
course, the "journalist" has to pitch in and fight like
the rest of the pack.

Cruthcatcher

The Truthcatcher is meant to mediate disputes
and judge crimes both during moots and on less formal
occasions. It's a demanding role, and one that might
not be best suited for a player's character. The office
carries a lot of weight, both in terms of power and of
responsibility. It has less freedom than the other minor
offices, particularly in multitribal septs where disputes
are more common. If four or more tribes share a caern,
then there's going to be sufficient conflict to require
the Truthcatcher's wisdom on an almost daily basis.

The Truthcatcher is almost without exception
Philodox, and an elder to boot. Younger werewolves
just aren't considered sufficiently well-versed in Garou
laws and the reasons behind said laws. Some of youmay
have players whose characters fit the bill, but for the
most part, players just don't tend to play werewolves
who'd be appropriate for this office.

However, if the sept's large enough, the
Truthcatcher might have one or more assistants, likely
Philodox themselves. This is even more likely in
particularly legal-minded septs (those with a high
concentration of Shadow Lords or Silver Fangs are
good examples). Such assistants might act as bailiffs,
investigators who gather evidence, advocates for the
accused, or whatever else seems appropriate. These
roles can be ideal for players; not only are they tailor-
made for the moot equivalent of a courtroom drama,
but they're often highly active roles as well. And the
sparks can really fly when the Truthcatcher and his
assistants see differently on the truth of an affair...

Wyrm Foe

Of all the minor offices, it's hard to find a better
one for a player's character than the Wyrm Foe. The
Wyrm Foe's primary responsibility is to lead the Revel
at the end of each moot; thus, generally speaking, the
only time the Wyrm Foe is absolutely required to be
present at the caern is during a moot — when the rest
of the pack is expected to be in attendance anyway.
The rest of the time, the Wyrm Foe is expected to
coordinate the caern's packs and plan strikes against
the caern's enemies. This position works very well for
any active Ahroun — presuming, of course, that said

72 Guardians of the Caerns

AE PT Ta ibe //

Ahroun has enough charisma to lead the moot in a
Revel and enough intelligence to plan the strikes of
multiple packs. Mindless brawlers don't even come
close to qualifying, no matter how much Glory the
brute might have accumulated.

The only limiting factor is that the Wyrm Foe is
required to be an admirable warrior in his own right,
which generally limits this post to Ahroun. However,
other auspices may qualify, depending on how inspira-
tional and militant they are; for instance, Mari Cabrah
may bea Theurge, but she'd qualify easily for the Wyrm
Foe position. Evan Heals-the-Past and Antonine Tear-
drop, on the other hand, would not.

Remember that in smaller septs, the Master of the
Challenge might assume the duty of Wyrm Foe for
himself, if no other suitable prospects are at hand. And
in most septs, the honor of being Wyrm Foe is passed
from one Garou warrior to the next, depending on who
has acquitted himself most impressively of late. This
can lead to a few friendly (or not-so-friendly) rivalries
for the office — further fun with sept roleplaying, eh?

Needless to say, it's easy as pie to create stories that
involve the Wyrm Foe. In most cases, you won't have
to change that much at all from your regular stories.
The main thing to keep in mind is what the other packs
at the sept, if any, are up to. Having packs cross wires
is a good way to add some tension; was it the Wyrm
Foe's carelessness that set them at odds, or was it
someone else trying to discredit the Wyrm Foe? And
again, rivalries get started this way — and werewolves
get very interesting when they have rivalries.

Also, remember that the Wyrm Foe must give way
to the caern Warder or Grand Elder if there's a conflict
of interest. Although the Wyrm Foe is encouraged to
help manage the packs and assign them duties, that
responsibility ultimately lies with the warder and the
Council of Elders. Used properly, this rule of seniority,
can set up further political subplots, or simply add some
extra tension to a session.

Gatekeeper

The Gatekeeper is the official in charge of main-
taining and opening moon bridges as necessary. She is
charged with guarding and maintaining the caern's
Pathstone, as well as ensuring that the caern renews its
moon bridges every year. The office isn't held by any
auspice in particular, but the Gatekeeper must know
the Rite of the Opened Caern and the Rite of the
Opened Bridge.

The Gatekeeper office is probably best reserved for
Storyteller characters, as it tends to involve little
combat, no exploration, and negotiation with rival


septs mainly by proxy. However, giving a player's
character the role of the Gatekeeper's emissary opens
up a multitude of story hooks. Such a character will
find himself running to potentially hostile septs in the
interest of forming allegiances — and it's no small feat
to try and talk asept of Get and Talons into an alliance,
particularly if you're a Fury, Gnawer or Glass Walker.
Of course, this sort of mission will typically involve the
whole pack, particularly if the other septs require a
show of goodwill (such as helping them out with a
rescue mission or other task). The Gatekeeper's aide
might also be sent (along with his pack) to clear out
various Umbral infestations that make moon bridge
travel more dangerous than usual.

Keeper of the Land

To many Storytellers, it's hard to associate the
Keeper of the Land with a player's character. The
conventional stereotype is the stern but kindly old
gardener, seemingly gruff but with good advice to any
young werewolf patient enough to sit and listen. After
all, the Keeper's job is to maintain the caern's general
appearance — nota very aggressive post at all, it seems.
Small wonder that some tribes don't bother with a
Keeper of the Land at all.

There's more to this office than simple yardwork,
though. The Keeper has to keep the spirits in mind as

pare

he goes about his business of maintaining caern grounds,
that implies negotiation with the caern totem and
other spirits. The Keeper of the Land often spends a
good deal of time in the Penumbra, analyzing the
caern's grounds from that angle and devising ways to
bring greater harmony to the area.

There is no particular auspice traditionally associ-
ated with this office, although Theurges and Philodox
are somewhat more common. A certain amount of
Primal-Urge can't hurt, but ultimately there's no one
set of skills that makes a good Keeper of the Land.

Ultimately, the Keeper of the Land does work
best as a supporting cast member; however, this is also
a good "low-maintenance" role for a pack member.
After all, you don't usually have to spend more than
a couple of minutes hashing out just what improve-
ments the Keeper's going to make to the bawn; then
you can move on to the story at hand. Of course, the
Keeper can't stray too far from the caern, but that's
true of many sept offices.

Master of the Challenge

Although some might say that this office doesn't
really merit as high a position as it possesses, that's a
shortsighted view. The Master of the Challenge is
quite necessary to making sure that the sept's members
can cooperate smoothly. By overseeing all challenges,


whether grudge matches or tests for the Rite of Accom-
plishment, the Master of the Challenge reinforces the
sept's hierarchy; she's responsible for ensuring that all
Garou feel that they're being treated fairly.

The Master of the Challenge should ideally be
eminently fair, but in practice she tends to reflect the
attitudes and values of the sept. The Master of the
Challenge of a Fenrir sept is going to be harsher and
less forgiving than her counterpart in a Stargazer sept;
she'll probably make sure that each challenge makes
both participants stronger no matter what they want.
Most Garou who fill this post are Philodox, but that's
ageneral tendency and nota prejudice. A comprehen-
sive knowledge of gamecraft is a definite requirement;
plenty of combat experience is also necessary. The
Master of the Challenge need not be unbeatable in all
forms of challenges (and who could be?), but she must
be good enough at all of them to be well versed in
picking the appropriate challenge for a situation.

This position can offer a lot of fun, although it's
best given to a character whose player shows a certain
amount of creativity and sense of justice. A good
Master of the Challenge ensures that not all challenges
are physical, and that the challenge always serves the
cause of sept law. This is one of the posts that can earn
its holder some amount of animosity from other sept
members, if they feel slighted or cheated by the
character's decisions. The downside is that the Master
of the Challenge can leave the caern only when there
are few Garou in attendance; she can't take the chance
that a pair of sept members will get into a duel to the
death in her absence.

Master of the Rite

As one of the most important offices in the caern,
this isn't one to hand out idly. In fact, it's one of the
highest roles a Theurge can aspire to in Garou society.
Admittedly, the Master of the Rite doesn't oversee
each and every rite performed within the caern's bawn,
but he is responsible for overseeing all the rites per-
formed at the caern's heart, which certainly covers all
the rites for each moot and other significant occasions.

Of course, the built-in job requirements weed out
any applicants who are as yet too inexperienced. The
Master of the Rite must know a lot of rites, and should
possess Rituals 5 as well (or else there'll be no Level
Five rites performed in the caern). Comprehensive
knowledge of spirits and how to deal with them is also
vital. The Master of the Rite is responsible for keeping
cordial relations with the local spirits; he should also
be prepared for any demands a spirit might have in
return for empowering afetish. The sept doesn't strictly
require that the Master of the Rite be a Crescent

74 Guardians of the Caerns

LA PT ently //,

Moon, but any non-Theurge has a longer road to tread
in order to prove his ability.

Because of the involved demands of the position,
this is one of the offices that usually indicates a
character's retirement from active play. The most
probable exception is for very small septs, wherein
the Master of the Rite may have to go on missions
with his pack because there's just nobody else who
stands a chance of success. Otherwise, although this
position offers a multitude of roleplaying opportuni-
ties (particularly in the spirit world), it's just not
suitable for group play.

Warder

This is not a small job. The caern Warder is
responsible for coordinating the defenses of the entire
bawn, in peacetime and in war. He decides who is
allowed into the bawn and the caern's heart, and he
personally chooses the caern's Guardians. To top it all
off, if the sept is small, the Warder might find himself
carrying the duties of the Keeper of the Land, the
Wyrm Foe, and possibly even Master of the Challenge
or Truthcatcher. The Warder is one of the most
important figures in any caern, and sometimes out-
ranks even the Grand Elder in the eyes of the sept. If
a caern falls, the fault, if any, is on the Warder's head.
He cannot afford to lose.

Unsurprisingly, a caern's Warder is usually the
wisest and most experienced Ahroun in the sept;
although other auspices perform well in the role, the
sept is more inclined to rally behind an Ahroun's
word in times of war. The job requirements are
really too numerous to list; a Warder has to be damn
good at all aspects of his job, and that can take
decades to learn properly.

Although the Warder is bound to remain in the
caern at all times, it's still a position with some poten-
tial for a player character. Naturally, the character
must have earned the position, and such an accom-
plishment can take all of a chronicle to achieve — but
then again, what if the sept is small, and the Garou
have no better candidate? What if a better candidate
is temporarily indisposed or captured and the player's
Garou must fill his shoes until he can be reinstated?

To truly challenge a caern Warder, there should
also be a running war with a very aggressive enemy;
otherwise, the player has less to do than his fellows.
Although the office of Warder might not be a good
long-term choice, it's a good choice for retiring a
great hero from active duty (at least as a player
character), and a very exciting short-term position
for a very harrowing story.

i

|
;

E


Counail of Elders

It doesn't get any higher than the Council of
Elders (except for the Warder on matters of caern
defense). This is the ultimate aspiration for any politi-
cally-minded Garou; only becoming a leader of the
entire tribe is higher. There's no particular prerequisite
for this office — everyone in the sept will know when
a werewolf's deeds are so impressive and his character
so impeccable that he's earned a seat on the Council.
Once there, he and his fellow elders are charged with
the welfare of the entire caern; no small matter.

Becoming an elder of the sept should probably be
the final accomplishment of a character; except for a
noble death in a desperate battle, there's not much else
you can achieve over and above this. If the Storyteller
wants to continue on with players running a Council
of Elders, the game will certainly change in scope; after
all, you can't have the Council running around trying
to get killed every week. At this point, the chronicle
will probably take a definite political shift — at least
for a while. After all, even Beowulf managed to get off
the throne one last time for one last fight. If your
players have earned their places on the Council, they
deserve no less.

The Rite of
Caern Building

I swear by all that's holy, I wish I'd never have to go
through that again — and I hope to dear sweet Gaia
Herself that I'll get the opportunity to do so and succeed
a second, even a third time. Worse than childbirth, but
twice as rewarding.

— Ashen Voice, the morning after performing the
Rite of Caern Building

So, you've finally decided to commit yourself to
running a story of the highest magnitude. Establishing
a new caern is more than just a task of phenomenal
difficulty — it's also one of the most positive things
Garou can accomplish. Killing Wyrm-beasts, no mat-
ter how big, is peanuts next to this kind of story; the
Wyrm can always spawn more monsters, but Gaia
can't make more caerns on her own. If your players are
successful, the session is likely to end on as high a note
as you can get in Werewolf, even if Garou had to give
up their lives for the result. This is big.

This isn't a story that can be wrapped up in one
night, of course. It requires a fair amount of planning
on the Storyteller and players' part to give the
werewolves any chance of success. There are tons of
considerations to keep in mind. And now you ask, eyes

narrowed, what sort of considerations are there that
aren't mentioned in the main rules?

Glad you asked.

From choosing a site to selecting a supporting cast
of rite participants, from running the rite and orches-
trating the battle with the inevitable attackers, this is
an involved storyline. It'll take a good amount of work
to properly roleplay the Rite of Caern Building from
start to finish. However, the following section should
sum up most of the things you should keep in mind.

Preparations

First things first. It's always a good idea to make
sure that you have a general idea of the story's general
progression of events, so that you can prepare for each
one in turn. If you're going to have a nearby Hive of
Black Spirals attack the rite in progress, then you
should make sure that the players have some sort of
hint that there are Black Spirals in the area. If you've
got a caern type picked out, the description of the area
should fit well with that theme.

Who's in charge of this little effort, anyway? Is it
your players' pack? If so, they'd better be ready to put
their money where their mouths are, because this rite
isn't kid stuff. Is it an elder of their acquaintance —
someone's Mentor, perhaps, or maybe a blood relative?

What about the location? If your chronicle takes
place in your own hometown, then selecting a local
landmark to serve as the new caern's heart is a good
way to get the players' interest going. You might
choose the location first and let the location decide
the nature of the caern; alternately, you might decide
the type of caern you want and then select an appro-
priate stretch of land.

Foreshadowing

It's far from necessary, but you might want to
think about adding some foreshadowing to the earlier
steps of the preparations. If you already have a few
besiegers picked out for the night of the rite, hint at
their recent activities and restlessness. If you know
what the caern totem is going to be, plant some hints
as to its nature in the dreams or visions of the
ritemaster-to-be or the pack Theurge. For maximum
effect, plant a few seeds even before the actual plans
and preparations begin; start using subtle foreshad-
owing in the story arc before the caern-building story.
Don't make it too obvious, though; too much fore-
shadowing and you give away the meat of your story.
You want to use these hints of what's to come slowly
and subtly, to influence your players' mood without
dragging them around by the nose. Again, this is by

Chapter Three: Digging In 75

OAL EP TO inion //.


no means a requirement — but with a story of this
magnitude, why not pull out all the stops?

Finding the Site

Obviously, you've got a caern location in mind;
the question is, do the Garou? If the players' pack is the
major motivating force behind the rite, then they've
probably already got a location in mind. If not, it's up
to you to decide just how the local (or out-of-town)
werewolves have discovered that this particular area
has the makings of a good caern.

First of all, there are always visions and dreams; the
Garou are a mystical race, and it doesn't take much
rationalizing to decide that an Incarna or the like has
sent a vision to a given seer. These can be as clear or
vague as you like. For maximum player involvement,
you might want to make the visions sufficiently vague
that the pack is sent (or goes of its own accord) to
investigate, and winds up discovering the location's
potential over the course of an evening session.

Then there's serendipity. The pack is embroiled in
a mission, and over the course of the story they wind up
in a place that feels somehow... different. Eventually,
they determine that the place they've visited has
connections to some mystical force or concept; maybe
the old museum they visited has ties to Wisdom, or the
rock formation seems to bleed off an aura of Strength.

Although the pack may think at first that it's mere luck
they found this place, circumstances can reveal other-
wise in the future (if you happen to like that sort of
predestination or prophecy thing). This is a good (and
subtle) way to convince the players' pack to become
the driving force behind the rite without waiting for
your players to come up with the idea on their own.

And, of course, there's research. A Silent Strider
may have uncovered stories of an old, long-ago battle,
and thinks that the battlefield might be a potential
caern of Glory. An extended Garou family might have
spent years trying to track down possible locations for
a latent caern of Fertility. If your players are the ones
planning to open the caern, then this is probably the
route they'll take to find a location.

In any of these cases, there's the possibility for
obstacles and conflict even before the site is found, if
you want; maybe the books your players need are in a
vampire's occult library, or perhaps the pack follows a
dangerous visionquest. It just depends on how you
want to pace things.

Clearing the Locale

Once the Garou have decided where the caern's
heart will be, the issue of claiming the area arises.
This is much trickier in the 20th century, for obvi-
ous reasons; there aren't many places in the Western


world where a new sept can just move in unnoticed
and unhindered.

How involved do you want this stage to be? If you
like, you can let the local Glass Walkers pull a few
strings and acquire the territory for their sept (or new
neighbors), as easy as that. (Some vampire might very
well notice this subtle power play and get involved
later, but that's another story.) If you want to get more
bloody, perhaps the caern-to-be is smothering under a
Weaver-nest or is occupied by Wyrmish troops look-
ing to establish a Pit of their own making. Most of the
time, though, it's going to be a lot harder than handing
some Black Spirals their eviction notice or raising the
funds for a property purchase.

Human involvement is a very real issue. The
various conditions that make a place ideal for channel-
ing Gaia's energy also make it pretty ideal for human
purposes. Unless the proposed caern is somewhere in
deepest, coldest, bleakest Alaska or somewhere simi-
larly removed, there's almost certain to be at least one
land developer intent on buying up the area and doing
something with it. This isn't the sort of problem that can
be easily solved with a couple of claw slashes, a klaive
thrust and a few well-placed Gifts, either; this is more
a job for the homids of the group, and even more likely
a job for local Kinfolk. You can take this in a number
of directions, depending on how much of a threat you
want the local human involvement to be. It might
work well to have the entire pack devote their efforts
to making sure no other humans are going to be staking
a claim; more likely, this might make a good side plot
thread alongside other stories.

Urban caerns have their own cans of worms as
well. An urban caern's bawn is typically at least par-
tially open to the public, in the hopes that if humans
are regularly exposed to the spiritual centers of the city,
then they might become a little more in tune with
their surroundings, a little more aware of the city as an
organism. But at the same time, the sept can't allow
just anybody to go sauntering through the caern's heart;
that's a good way for the Wyrm's infiltrators to slip in
and start causing some damage.

Some defensive preparations are in order as well.
Aranking Ahroun is typically in charge of learning the
lay of the land and choosing the best place to station
the sentries. (This is also often the first step to becom-
ing chosen as Warder for the new caern.) Ragabash
and Theurges are also generally encouraged to contrib-
ute ideas for defensive tactics, generally in the form of
traps, intimidating warnings and spirit defenses. How-
ever, these defensive preparations shouldn't interfere
with the spiritual harmony of the area; setting up a

couple of duck blinds is probably fine, but trying to get
a pillbox set up is right out.

Gathering the Garou

Not only do you need sentries to keep invaders
from storming the caern and spoiling the rite, youneed
at least 13 Garou for the rite proper. And finding
participants is easier said than done (well, maybe not
in a large LARP, but just about anywhere else).

In modern days, a new sept is all too often com-
posed of stragglers who've lost their own caerns, those
who've left their septs for political reasons, and simi-
larly displaced Garou; as the werewolves continue to
die out, they're just not healthy enough to keep up a
good rate of expansion. This is why multitribal caerns
are so much more common in the present day — the
Garou are, quite frankly, past any point where they can
afford to be choosy.

Since the caern will need warm bodies to defend it
after the rite, a recruitment drive for participants
usually also serves the purpose of locating Garou who'll
serve as the new sept. This can get particularly sticky
if the only available werewolves to be found are of rival
tribes; such an arrangement can work, but a mixed
Black Fury/Get of Fenris caern wouldn't be possible in
any other era but the End Times. (And it might not be
possible even now, but that's up to the Storyteller.)

Obviously, this section of the story can involve
the players in diplomatic missions aplenty. There can
also be rescue missions and extractions as you see fit; if
Pentex has murdered the families of its captives, where
else would they have to go? The players might call in
favors to get some extra warm bodies for the rite's
defense, and they might strike new alliances in order to
"borrow" enough Garou from another sept.

Finally, it's even possible (although unlikely)
that if there aren't enough Garou to complete the rite
and guard the locale at the same time, they may have
to call in some outside help. This is unlikely largely
because most werewolves would rather have their
teeth pulled with silver tongs than invite potential
enemies into the heart of their territory, show them
all the caern's defenses so they can pitch in, and then
owe the outsiders a favor on top of that. When Garou
do get outsiders to help, it's almost always along Kin
lines — they may be suspicious of that second cousin
Kinfolk mage, but better him than a mage with no ties
at all to the Garou. This is a particularly tricky
business when some of the rite's participants are
werewolves who've already lost one caern; these
Garou hate the thought of losing another caern, and
often they'd rather die and have the rite fail than

Chapter Three: Digging In 77

OAL PS ET nile //,

|


succeed and let the new caern fall into enemy hands.
This can lead to some exceptionally tricky bargaining
sessions, but it heightens the sense of tension — after
all, you know it's a serious affair if werewolves are
voluntarily cooperating with Gangrel vampires or
mages. (And if some of the new sept members decide
to "wrap up any loose ends" once the rite is over, the
players may find themselves in the unenviable posi-
tion of defending potential enemies from their own
allies. Or not — there's no predicting players.)

Courting the Totem

It's not necessary to beseech a totem's cooperation
before the opening of the caern; after all, that's largely
what the rite itself is for. But it certainly can't hurt.

Most often, the Garou have absolutely no con-
trol over what sort of spirit will manifest in a freshly-
created caern. They simply plead with Gaia to send
them a patron, and trust in her wisdom. However, it
is possible to go on a quest to a particular Incarna to
try asking for its particular favor. For instance, a
group of Red Talons might send a delegation to
Griffin, asking their totem to bless their new venture.
If Griffin is pleased, that doesn't automatically mean
that Griffin himself becomes the caern totem — but
it might increase the odds of attracting a caern totem
related to Griffin's brood, or sharing his interest in
glory and primal strength.

Needless to say, this is an ideal job to assign to your
players' pack. It's interesting, involved, and can con-
tribute a lot of personality to the caern before the rite
even begins. One of the more interesting aspects of
Werewolf is the tradition of offering chiminage —
deeds and objects meant to placate spirits. This gets
very interesting when you're talking about Incarna.
Perhaps Chimera demands something impossible, such

Setting Terms

When werewolves do break down and hire
outside help, it's traditional that they set terms
up front. Caern access is never offered to non-
Garou as part of the deal, and it's included in the
bargain only if the potential ally is also a
shapeshifter, and is willing to join the sept proper.
Too many caerns have been drained dry by mages'
thirsts to let the warlocks anywhere near the
caern, and mortals and dead things have no use
for spirit energy, and therefore don't need access
no matter how much they wheedle. This isn't just
a bargaining tactic — this is the final and most
inviolate portion of the Litany in action.

as "a fistful of midnight and a bottle of fishes' tears,"
before she agrees to act as a patron. Maybe Fenris
demands that twenty-one Black Spiral Dancer skulls
be heaped at the caern's heart before he responds. This
is your chance to really test the pack's resolve in surreal
and creative ways; have fun.

The Rite Proper

On the night of the rite, tensions should be run-
ning high; if all's been going well, your players should
show up for the game very excited. Each and every
Garou involved is going to be a bundle of nervous
energy; the gravity of the situation is almost palpable.

If the players are going to be part of the 13 Garou
enacting the rite, you should work out a rough outline
of how the rite proceeds, so that you can roleplay that
with them. Roleplay through the Rites of Cleansing to
build the sense of anticipation. If one of the players'
characters is taking the role of ritemaster, you might
want to provide her with a written outline of the rite,
so that she can improvise some of her preparations and
a few of the passages involved.

Remember that the rite itself is not fixed in stone,
or at least portions of it aren't. The actual verses used
to summon the caern totem can vary greatly; a group
of Black Furies might chant to Pegasus, asking for a
member of Pegasus' brood to serve as their patron,
while a mixed group of different tribes might make
their appeals to Gaia to show them their new spirit
guide. Introducing an interesting variation or quirk to

Overkill

We've said a lot about how you should make
this rite particularly memorable, and that you
shouldn't be afraid to mangle a few stereotypes to
prove the point that this is a singular occasion.
That's all true except for one point — too much
variety is just as bad, if not worse, than not enough.

Remember, the name of the game is Werewolf,
and the Rite of Caern Building is a Garou rite. You
don't want the unique elements to overshadow
the Garou's effort, because that undercuts just how
important they are and how big a thing it is that
they're accomplishing. If the rite is being led by a
Gurahl, and there's a Mokolé and a Bastet partici-
pating, while three mages, a wraith and a mummy
stand side by side with a few Ratkin and the
players' characters to hold off the Abomination
warlord and his troop of Black Spiral Dancers,
Tzimisce war-ghouls, Kumo and Iteration X
cyborgs...well, you get the point.

78 Guardians of the Caerns

POA LA PS OT LT tiem //


the rite helps build the players' feeling that the caern
is theirs, that it's been personalized for their benefit.

Any building tension or rivalries between the
participants should be addressed here, preferably
just before the Rite of Cleansing. This can introduce
a shred of doubt into the players' heads, heightening
the drama.

Finally, don't forget the battle between the rite's
defenders and the besieging enemy. Characters who
are partaking in the rite should hear the sounds of
battle as it draws nearer, reminding them what's wait-
ing should they fail. They may be tempted to run to the
aid of their friends — but they should also be aware
that if they do so, the rite fails. This is a tough choice,
but it's marvelous emotional fare.

Holding the Fort

Well, this is really the easy part — easy for you, at
any rate. After all, you pretty much know what to
expect from the Wyrm- beasts attacking the rite, and so
do your players.

Which is, of course, why you want to shake this up
a little bit.

If your players are going to be involved even
peripherally in defending the rite, then you want to
make the conflict against the Wyrm's (or even
Weaver's) forces distinctive. In fact, you want it to be
one of the fights your players will remember, and be
talking about for years. It's really that big a deal. So
how do you up the emotional stakes sufficiently?

First of all, the enemy has to find out about the
rite. They almost always do — but how? Well, one of
the reasons is that the rite's power sends ripples
through the Penumbra and even into the Middle
Umbra; for miles, spirits of all sorts can feel the
gathering power. Most spirits keep well clear of the
rite's vicinity, going about their business as usual or
avoiding the potentially dangerous influx of power.
However, Banes are all too often under orders to
report this sort of thing to superiors. Soon a hastily-
gathered army of the Wyrm's puppets is mobilized, as
they have to strike before sunrise.

However, the enemy can also manage to find out
beforehand — and you might want to let them, in
order to provide a more tense battle. Even better, this
should probably depend on the actions of the players'
pack and their allies. If the players are sloppy, then
they give an edge to the enemy. If they're careful about
covering their operations, then the enemy has less to
work with — and it's always a good thing to reward
players for cleverness.

Chapter Three: Digging In

a tile //.

In either case, the enemy definitely needs a battle
plan. Sure, wave after wave of mindless attackers has
worked for the Wyrm before, but that doesn't offer
much mental stimulation for your players. In order to
get them truly sweating, you'll need enemies that do
more than walk steadily forward, pincers snapping.
Will they send double agents into the caern-to-be to
weaken the defenses at a critical juncture? Will they
mount a double-pronged Umbral and physical attack?

Botching the Roll

So, after it's all said and done, after all the
planning, as the battles with the Wyrm's minions
are reaching their peak, and dawn is less than an
hour away, the climax is at hand. You take the dice
in pour hand wand pow xall them our for rhe
ritemaster's final attempt at creating a new refuge
for Gaia's warriors — and it's a botch.

Crap.

You have two choices at this point: you can
accept the roll as it stands, or you can ignore it
and declare the attempta marginal success. (Well,
you won't have the latter option if you didn't roll
the dice behind your Storyteller screen, or if a
player was the ritemaster and made the actual
botch: himself.) To be honest, either option is
perfectly viable. It could be argued that a botch is
all too typical of your odds in the World of
Darkness, and that it reinforces the very desper-
ate, almost hopeless theme of Werewolf. On the
other hand, if the roll's botched, it might be
extremely hard to convince your players to try
creating a caern again —- even if they say yes,
their hearts might not really be in it.

Sad to say, we can't really tell you what todo
in this instance. It really depends on your play-
ers — if they're the sorts who appreciate a less
than happy ending, then maybe having the
grand effort be in vain is the way to go. If they
really wanted to see the rite succeed, maybe you
should go easy on them. Either way, though,
don't go to extremes. If the rite fails, you should
probably offer some small light of hope for the
future, in order to keep interest levels high. If
you relent, treat it like a raincheck on their bad
luck — and have their misfortune show up later,
in a different form. Always make sure there's
plenty of bad with the good — that's the nature
of the World of Darkness.

|


This is also the place where you can unabashedly
break with stereotype and expectations. Feel free to
break out the big guns: the one-of-a-kind enemies
who've had it in for your players' pack for a while, and
the unique new Banes you've been saving for a rainy
day. Sure, historically the attackers of each Rite of
Caern Building have been largely fomori, Banes and
Black Spiral packs — but roleplaying this rite is pretty
much a one-of-a-kind scenario, so go ahead and make
this battle one of the exceptions.

Numbers are also good. You don't want to hit the
players with more than they can possibly expect to
handle, but you should most assuredly hit them with
more than they think they can handle. If they think
they've barely got a snowball's chance in Hell, that's
good — because that's the plight of the entire Garou
race neatly summed up.

A strong visual motif would very likely also be in
order. The last thing you want is an army of "generic"
fomori, each one warty or slimy and waving tentacles
or prehensile tongues. One possibility is to choose your
footsoldiers' motifs based on their commanders. If you
plan to have a powerful vampire heading an assault,
maybe his Renfield-esque henchmen all share a com-
mon dress sense, tattoo, or other peculiarity. If it's a
bloated, toadlike but very cunning fomor in charge,
maybe his followers have shaven heads and glisten
with an unhealthy sheen. This unity can be very
unnerving to players, as it implies good organization
and loyalty, possibly even rivaling the pack's own.

Finally, don't forget that if the enemy's going to
break and run, they should do so at an appropriately
dramatic moment. This is much harder to plan, of
course. Keep an eye on the foes' numbers; once
they've been sufficiently reduced that they no longer
stand a chance of winning, then you should look for
your opportunity. This can come when a player
disembowels one of the champions in awe-inspiring
fashion, when reinforcements arrive, or even when
the rite is completed.

You can have the enemy fight to the death, of
course. But you might want to save some of them for
repeat appearances later on in the chronicle. If you
handle it right, your players will be happy just to see the
looks of terror and despair on their enemies' faces just
before the Wyrmish cowards flee for all they're worth.

Wrap-up

So presuming that the rite was a success, and any
surviving attackers are limping back into the shadows,
that would seem to be it. Either you've just provided a
climactic finish to a long-running chronicle, or you've


made a transitory stage from one arc of the chronicle
to the next. Either way, it would seem that this part of
the transition is finished.

Heh. Only if you want it to be. If you aren't ending
your chronicle on this note, then the party's just
getting started. Now the Garou involved have to start
assigning sept offices, deciding who'll be the new
caern's Warder, who'll be the Master of the Rite, and
so on. Everyone who survived the evening will no

doubt have some ideas as to just what sort of position
they've earned for their efforts. Your players, unless
they're the humble sort, will probably want to make
sure that they get their own fair share of recognition,
too. They might even start lobbying for a sept office or
two themselves. If they do, then you know you've
succeeded — because they're obviously interested in
the new caern's welfare, and want to be a part of its

future. Good work.

Chapter Three: Digging In 81

Yammy 1/

|

I have lived in the monster and I know its insides; and

my sling is the sling of David.

— José Martti, Letter to Manuel Mercado

The Power of the Name

Told by Merryk Winterchase, Athro Child of
Gaia Moondancer, to the Cliath of the Clover Falls
Sept:

Names. Damn funny things. They say there's power
in names, that knowing a creature's rightful, true name
can grant you strength over it. Well, I can tell you all
about names. Catchcolt, byblow, bastard — those are
the nice ones. Actually, few people among the Garou
honestly give a damn if you bear a werewolf child
outside of wedlock or honorable mating, Silver Fangs
excluded, of course. Getting a kid who grows up to go
through First Change, from wolf to human, human to
wolf, well, that's usually okay no matter how it comes
about. Most people'd forgive that kind of "mistake"
without too much trouble. They may huff and puff a
little if they're into pure breeding and bloodline stock,
but show me a healthy lupus or homid werewolf pup,
and I'll show you some happy parents.

But there're other names, like mule, monster,
freak or obscenity. They have a lot more power when
kids hear them, over and over, every day, from blood

relatives and strangers alike. What's a metis child to
think when his own pack shuns him, when his mother,
if she's still living, locks him away, hidden from every-
one until he's eight or nine years old? That may be
earlier than some come to their First Change, but
believe me, eight or nine years of living in Crinos is a
season in hell. Do I have to tell you that a lot of metis
grow up totally screwed in the head? Ever heard stories
of feral children? They mature without any contact
with other humans. I] don't think a single one has ever
been reintegrated into so-called normal society. So
what does that say about the metis?

Okay, well, it's a bleak picture. What the hell did
you expect? I guess I'm telling about the worst so
nothing that follows will come as a complete shock.
It'd be damnably easy for me to give you this pack of
lies about how young, horny werewolves should cut
off their own genitals before they succumb to what
some say is a perfectly natural desire. That's too
simple. It leaves out a lot of interesting, complicated
shit like love, compassion and need. Now don't get

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born 83

ia lear //,

|


me wrong; I'm not necessarily saying any of you two-
legs and four-legs should take a roll in the hay with
each other! I mean it from the depths of my heart
when I tell you to avoid it if you can; it's the first law
in our Litany, after all. But there may be a time when
you can't avoid it. For good reasons or ill, laws do get
broken. And yeah, I am talking about all you goody
two-shoes out there who stick your noses in the air
when yousee one of us. Let me tell youa golden truth,
my friends: none of us are immune to desire, and the
world would be a sorrier place without love and
compassion. We are imperfect beings, and if youcan't
accept that, you might as well shuffle off the waking
world here and now. Good riddance.

So to all of you who think you're so perfect, what
I'm really saying is this: take us metis for who we are,
not what we appear to be. You don't know how it was
that we came into the world. In fact, you don't know
anything about us. That's one reason I'm talking, to
give you a view from another Garou's eyes and nose.
Yeah, you heard me. GAROU. That's who we are. It's

about damn time we said something about it, too.

Beginnings

If you ask five Galliards how the first metis came
into being, you'd get 10 different answers. Oh, so this
isn't the version you heard when you were a pup?
Somebody gave a different account? Well, excuse the
hell out of me; this is the tale I got from my tribe, and
if it's not good enough for you, make up your own
damn story. I happen to be fond of this one, and I'm
sticking to it. Hush now; I've got to get in the proper
mood for this. No story should be told lightly, espe-
cially not this tale.

Once upon a time, the hours of the Garou turned
dark with blood and gore. No, it is not the days of the
Apocalypse which fall on us now, but the nights after
the War of Rage. Many had fallen beneath our claws:
Gurahl and Mokolé, Bastet and Corax, and perhaps
others whose names have been forgotten. In the later
years, some of these Changing brothers and sisters
forgave us; many still harbor hatred for our kind, not
without reason, | must say. But in those elder days,
those who could flee from us in order to preserve their
tribes, did so with malice and thirst for revenge
burning in their souls. We were invincible then. Or
so we thought.

As has long been so, the Children of Gaia, in a
foreshadowing of their role in ending the Impergium
that would come later, tried to bring peace before it was
too late. A Philodox called Eye of Ebon Moon, for she
had one eye that was dark in color and one that was
light, journeyed from her home caern to meet with a

84 Guardians of the Caerns

OED. Ps TL a tiene 2/,

Gurahl Truthspeaker. She, like many of our tribe, did
not believe the stories spread by Shadow Lords and
others, that Great Bear's children bargained with the
Wyrm. Eye of Ebon Moon knew that she had one last
chance to prove this beyond the shadow of a doubt.

The journey in winter took many days, and hunt-
ing was sparse. Later, it's said, the Philodox blamed
herself for not being stronger and making her run more
quickly. But she finally arrived at the appointed meet-
ing place. Back in those days, when there were more of
the Gurahl, they sometimes gathered in groups, similar
to our moots. It was at such a gathering where Eye of
Ebon Moon was to meet Long Claw, one of the Gurahl
lorespeakers and peacemakers. The Garou howled her
greeting and waited. Silence bit deep into her heart
and cautiously, respectfully, she approached their ter-
ritory. No growls greeted her. Closer and closer she
came to the Gurahl's bawn and then the smell of blood
caught her nostrils.

The bodies of a dozen of Great Bear's children lay
in a crooked circle, slashed by claws, ripped by fangs.
No one should ever believe a werebear incapable of
defense, but these creatures had come on a peaceful
mission. They were not expecting war when a truce
seemed to be within reach. Looking closer, Eye of Ebon
Moon saw something that transformed her blood to
ice. While no remains of wolves lay on the reddened
snow, she did find bits of fur and flesh, some of it tipped
with long silver hairs smelling of her own brethren. Eye
of Ebon Moon's hopes blew away in the cold wind, and
although not of the gibbous moon, she howled for the
departed spirits as if possessed by the souls of all her
Galliard ancestors. The Moondancers among my people
often say that Gaia herself wept at the sound of the
Philodox's mourning.

As Eye of Ebon Moon prepared to do honor to the
Gurahl's remains, she heard a sound coming from the
nearby trees. If it had been one of Great Bear's
children, I believe she would have gladly let herself
serve as the target for their revenge. But as fate willed
it, the approaching feet were those of a wolf, a
strange, thin wolf with tall ears. The Philodox stood
at ready, but the wolf came to her slowly and without
fangs bared. He lifted his long, lean head then and
repeated her earlier howls of despair and sorrow.
Whether by miracle or just the strange setting of the
mountains and trees, their cries mingled together,
hers and his, one echo after another, long after the
two had fallen silent. They sat and listened, then held
each other in a need for mutual solace.

His name, so our stories say, was Smenkhare, a
Theurge of the Silent Striders. He had come to the
Gurahl for much the same reason as she. When he


heard her tale and saw the proof, Smenkhare was
overcome with fury at the stupidity of the other tribes.
Again, the two mourned over what might have been,
and then they buried the dead. And later, as the moon
began to set and dawn approached, they mated.
Whether this was a desire to give peace, a means of
forgetting their sorrow or an attempt to soothe the
other, I cannot say. For a brief moment in time, I like
to think they found some happiness. But that we shall
never know. With the dawn came a new understand-
ing and a new terror. They fled from each other, never
to meet again. Both realized they had broken Gaia's
laws, though neither knew what the result of their
actions would be. For until then, there had been no
metis at all, No Garou had ever mated with Garou,
never had they broken the Litany, never questioned
those sacred laws.

Not too many days went by before Eye of Ebon
Moon knew she carried a child within her womb. She
had no Kinfolk lover and wondered at what the mating
of two werewolves might mean. Around the time
normal for human birth, as Eye of Ebon Moon was a
two-leg, she went to a private glade and there had her
answer. Under a full moon, as her body contorted into
her human-wolf shape, from her womb crawled a
strange creature, a hairless pup that was half wolf, half
human. It mewled and screamed its anger at being
forced from her body, striking at her with tiny claws. It

looked exactly like a tiny Crinos, the form its mother
now wore, and indeed, that was exactly what it was.
The Philodox became violently ill at bearing such a
hideous creature; shame and horror washed over her,
even blotting out her pain and shock from the birth.
Sobbing, she lifted a stone to kill the poor thing, to put
it out of its misery, for how could such a creature live
among two-legs or four-legs? She raised the rock in her
fist to do the deed quickly.

Before her arm could fall, a golden light filled the
glade. Before the Philodox stood two figures, a dark
grizzly bear and a silver unicorn. Perhaps it was a
dream, but I think her vision was real; Great Bear and
Unicorn had come directly to Eye of Ebon Moon. She
dropped her stone in surprise and gave full attention as
they spoke together.

"Bittersown was the coming of this child, and so
his name shall be. In years to come, he will carry many
weapons and fight enemies from within his own kind
and without. He is the first of many to come, for
though your laws forbid it, and rightly so, Garou will
mate with Garou. For your part in this breaking of the
Litany, Eye of Ebon Moon, you and your tribe will
forever bear this message to others: that the Garou
should love one another but not mate; this is still the
first among the laws. Yet whenever they do mate, for
such things are inevitable, the Children of Gaia will
be the protectors of the offspring of these matings, the


metis. It is the duty of your tribe hereafter to give
shelter to these creatures and their unfortunate par-
ents. This in part may help atone for your own failings
and that of the Garou in continuing the harvest of
slaughter against Great Bear's children and all the
other changing breeds. For the true sin of Gaia's
warriors is their pride, as seen in their attacks against
the Gurahl and others. Until the two-legs and four-
legs understand the metis and put aside their arro-
gance against those like yet unlike themselves, they
will never have peace, whether with the other Chang-
ing Ones or within their own tribes."

The spirits vanished then, leaving Eye of Ebon
Moon alone with her child. Duly, she called him
Bittersown, and she carried the message back to her
sept and tribe. From that time on, we Children of Gaia
have done as Unicorn and Great Bear ordered to the
best of our ability. Their prophecy, by the way, was
true. Bittersown was a great warrior who proved his
worth time and time again. Eventually, he was slain in
battle, not by a Wyrmfoe, but by his own kind. That,
however, is another story.

The Striders do not confirm nor deny their part in
this tale. But among all the tribes, they are perhaps
second only to Gaia's Children in showing mercy and
understanding to the metis and those who produce
them. And that says more than a hundred confessions.

Unspeakable Acts

Okay, back to the more cut and dry facts. You're
pretty thoroughly disgusted by the whole idea, right?
Two Garou mating, bringing blasphemy upon one of
the more beautiful acts Gaia has given us? Well,
then, just how do you explain that gleam in your
eye? Fess up, you're just as curious as the next cub
about what happens when two werewolves join
together. It's definitely a case of the beast with two
backs, let me assure you.

But as far as firsthand experience, I can't tell you
much. Why? Well, I've had my share of pleasant
tumbles with Kinfolk; some of them find my rosy eyes
and white hair quite rakish and maybe a bit elfin.
Who knows? The thing I've never done, though, is
defy the first law of the Litany. You seem shocked!
Listen, just because I was born of two werewolves who
made a mistake doesn't mean | run around defying the
law too. We Children of Gaia do protect the metis
and their parents, because we know that these things
happen, but we sure as hell don't call for everyone to
get in on the act! Far from it. In fact, while we
encourage loving bonds between packmates and tribes
when possible, we adamantly oppose Garou matings.
And no, it doesn't matter that I'm sterile and that

86 Guardians of the Caerns

LEP ET iio //,

nothing can come of screwing another werewolf, so
to speak. It's the deed that matters, the defiance
behind it — the first tenet of the Litany is a prohibi-
tion we all should honor. I see that look. You'd
believe anything your elders say about us, wouldn't
you? Listen, there's a big difference between having a
healthy respect for someone and being a mindless
pawn, you know. Shit, I'm getting off topic here.

Okay, back to our main topic, Garou does Garou.
I can think of a thousand times a thousand reasons
why such things happen. Contrary to stereotypes, the
Fianna don't have the market on passion cornered.
We're all part of the Wyld, and as such, we can be
pretty capricious and take the let-hell-break-loose
approach on occasion. Maybe it's a case of true love,
or it could be taking one moment's solace in a time of
fear and violence. These are dark times, you know.
Anyway, two werewolves fall into each other's arms,
and the act that follows is pretty natural. 1 don't say
that with a sick sense of irony, either. You got two
werewolves, both in Homid or both in Lupus form,
male and female, they can figure out what comes
next. I'm not going to belittle my parents or anyone
else's by offering commentary on Lupus doing Homid
or vice versa. Draw your own twisted conclusions, if
that's what truly entertains you.

A strange thing happens when two werewolves
mate, no puns intended. More often than not, a
scrump session between two Garou results in concep-
tion, no matter what the breeds of the parents. Our
Theurges and Philodox have had a quite a time
debating this issue, and a few of our Kinfolk doctors
and veterinarians have chimed in with their own
opinions. Let's talk for a moment about human and
wolf reproductive biology. I know, I know; we're not
precisely just wolves or just humans in the scientific
sense, but bear with me here.

Wolves generally only mate at certain times of
year and then only if the alpha female is in her estrus
cycle. That's about once a year, maybe twice. In simple
terms, she's fertile and gives the alpha male a signal:
okay, I'm ready, it's time to mate. If the wolves are
healthy, conception is almost a given. Neat, huh?

Humans are different, of course. They can mate
almost anytime, but the thing is, most females have
lost the ability to pinpoint the most fertile time of their
cycle. Sure, they can keep careful records and check
temperatures and stuff like that, but a less calculating
female's drive is not nearly as precise as the she-wolf's
instinct. Consequently, human conception is a little
more haphazard. Fortunately for the species, the mated
pair usually do it often enough that they catch the
female at the right time and boom, there's a baby.


All right, that's the basic biology lecture. What
happens when you get two Garou, who in many ways
share the physiological cycles of both humans and
wolves? Let me start by repeating what my sept's
Theurge has constantly told us; with werewolves,
there is an element of spirit, of Gaia's power, that no
science can predict absolutely. It's similar to how
matings between two normal humans may result in the
birth of Garou or Kinfolk out of the blue. That said,
I've also got to say that for whatever reason, when
werewolf mates with werewolf, conception rates are
awfully high. Why is this?

Some philosopher types among us suggest it's an
indication of Gaia's anger; conceiving such a creature
as the metis is a sign of Her punishment and displea-
sure. Others take the opposite tact and say that, flaws
aside, Gaia rewards the parents with a child who
reflects the power and might of the Garou; hence the
Crinos form at birth. The more scientific bozos postu-
late that it's just the power of nature driving werewolves'
perfectly normal affections for one another into full-
blown lust. These are the folks who explain that
werewolves tend to mate with one another only when
the female's cycle is at its peak. Yeah, you can see how
that could build a case to blame the women; I bet the
Black Furies would shoot that one down real quick!

Look, I don't have any real answers for why these
things happen. All] can say is that I know myself. I'm
not tainted, I'm not Wyrmspawn and I love Gaia and
my pack with all my heart, despite the kicks I've gotten
from other tribes. And while I have come across some
screwed up metis in my time, I haven't yet met one who
wanted anything more than to be a part of her tribe, to
chime in with the howls and the rites just like any
other werewolf. Dammit, who cares why my parents
did what they did? That's old history! I just want to get
on with living my life and doing the best I can. Why is
that so damn hard to understand?

Birth and Childhood

Okay, kids, I'm getting off the soapbox now. Let's
continue the nitty gritty talk and discuss what happens
on that dreaded day when mom finds she's expecting
a metis pup.

There are plenty of females who would cast out the
metis from their bodies. Some might seek, ahem,
medical help from Kinfolk or trusted packmates who
wouldn't betray their secret. Others may well attempt
to rip open their own guts, trying not to die in the
process. My tribe doesn't really condone that kind of
thing, but we leave the decision up to the mother. ]
don't use the term parents because most werewolves
who break the Litany split up real quick. Only in rare

Pecking Order

Werewolves live by a strict system of rank,
just like a wolf pack. The alphas, strongest among
the wolves, get the best food and the healthiest
mates. The omegas get only scraps and aren't
allowed to mate at all. Garou follow the same
system; ranking elders generally get the best of
everything. A few complicating factors figure
into this pecking order too, such as the pureness
of the werewolf's breed, her fame among the tribe
and her record in battle. So where does this leave
metis? If a metis earns high rank, is she treated
like any other elder metis treated better or

n health ding Kinfolk?
lat metis are still Garou.

ys
the pecking order than an ordinary human or wolf
sachance that a particularly

young, unt! netis, lending on circumstance
and the tribe in question.

As far as metis elders, the assumption is that
they've worked extraordinarily hard for such rec-
ognition and probably deserve it. Some extremists
who hate metis may show deference grudgingly,
and others may do so insincerely, but no sane
werewolf of low rank would openly insult an elder,
even a metis, unless he wanted to challenge. It
goes against the laws of the pack.

Storytellers, as always, should feel absolutely
free to take these suggestions and change them to
suit the personalities of players and tribes they've
developed in their own chronicles.

cases does the father hang around to see what happens.
Guess you can't blame them for running away, even
though it's kinda cowardly in my book. That's one
reason most metis adopt the tribe of their mothers, not
their fathers, if they're allowed to claim a tribe at all.
So, from the first, a metis child is in isolation, from
at least one of his parents and probably even from the
tribe. If she decides to carry the child to term, the
mother is usually ina frantic state of worry through the
entire pregnancy. It's no wonder we — my kind — are
born with such righteous fury and indignation!
When metis come into the world, it's no easy task,
no matter the breed of the mother. Neither wolf nor
human anatomy is well suited to birthing a half-man,
half-wolf child. For one thing, even the baby metis has
tiny claws, and just like human babies learn to suck
their thumbs in the womb, so do the metis learn about

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born 87

i ———

ine //,

=


their own sharp digits. So the birth process is even
more painful and messy than normal. There's blood,
mucus, feces, all kinds of horrible stuff, plus a lot of
internal bleeding and injury to the mother. Granted,
we're stout and strong creatures; we heal quickly and
can take a lot of physical punishment. But this is a
bad thing even for a werewolf to go through.
Now, some of the females among you may
have already gotten a lecture from your elders —
) specifically, that you'll have to spend lots of time
\ in breed form if you get pregnant. That pretty

much means no shapeshifting after the
first trimester or so, because the baby or
cubs inside your belly won't be able to
change with you, and once they get too
big, you run a real risk of miscarriage. You
males better listen up, too; these women are
your packmates, so you'd better be prepared
to help them when it comes time for
them to bring the next generation of
Garou and Kin into the world.
Itisn't any different for our moth-
exs. Tina iy, they fave to spent tie
last trimester — yes, it's about a nine-
month gestation — in Crinos, which
is rightfully hard on them. Metis cubs
are tough, even in the womb, but
they still can't survive
shapeshifting in that last tri-
mester. So the mother's stuck
in Crinos for the actual birth;
but thankfully, that does make
things easier on her and the
child. And yes, some mothers
die in the process anyway,
usually those who don't get
help from someone. This is
why my tribe tries to inter-
vene before the birth occurs.
Well, let's move on from
that unpleasant subject. So here's this metis
baby, and oh, my, isn't he a pissy little fellow.
Imagine the normal tantrums any human
child goes through... and how tired mom
and dad get dealing with a fussy kid.
Now imagine that child with the sharp
claws and teeth of a wolf pup,
constantly on the verge of a howling,
screaming fit every waking moment.
Is it any wonder the luckless parents
are at their wit's end? So in addition
\ to dealing with all the negative


tL

stigma of bearing a metis, a lot of these parents go half
nuts dealing with the child's bloated Rage. Having
tribe members help is a plus, but for reasons I've
mentioned before, it doesn't happen very often. Actu-
ally, I suspect that it's having to deal with the metis in
those loooong years before First Change that often
prompts a tribe to kill the pup or exile him. In any case,
it's usually mom who has to cope with the kid on her
own. One way she can do this is to take the metis away
and raise it alone until the time of its First Change.
While safer for everyone, including the kid, this really
does raise some socialization issues. Humans and wolves,
neatly enough, learn so much from interactions with
other young kids and pups, that when you raise a metis
by himself, you're cutting away a huge chunk of his
practical education. After he learns to change form, he
then must tackle all the things missed as a youngster,

like learning about pecking order, hunting with the.

pack and the silly little unspoken rules that govettt
human society.

If possible, it's best to raise the metis in ‘the |
P ao young ones, don't walk around in Crinos most of the

~~ time, after they get the option to wear other forms. |

company of others, such as in the sept. We
creatures, and a social atmosphere is the one th
youngster should come to know and understand. Easier

to welcome a young metis? No, it's hard enough to raise
pups or human children without this little monster
running around wreaking havoc every minute he's
awake! One option is for the sept as a whole to keep the
kid confined and hidden, but that's mre difficult than
it sounds. Something the Children of Gaia have done
is to let several of the metis we care for spend time

together; at least they get some sense of being with |
others of their own kind! Whenever possible, we also, -
try to socialize them with young lupus and homid >

werewolves who've already undergone their First.
Change, under close supervision of course. The last
thing anyone wants is an upset metis kid gutting
another werewolf before the poor little mite has learned
how to defend himself.

I guess if there is a silver lining to the cloud
hanging over a metis, it's that from the first, they know
the facts, if not the realities, of Garou society. Nobody
has to wait until they mature before telling metis the
ins and outs of werewolf life; they live it from their
birth. I've heard that some lupus pups and homid kids
have one helluva time as they approach their First
Change. They get driven out of the pack or have to
defend themselves from bullies. Then, they have to
hear that they're not really just humans or wolves
anymore. That's got to be a lot to digest on short
notice! At least we metis have a clue from the get-go.

First Change

Finally, it's here, the day everyone is waiting for!
The First Change isa huge relief for most metis because
finally they can enjoy some semblance of a normal life.
By Gaia's blessing, it often happens at a younger age
than with homids, usually when a metis is eight or nine
years old, a rough equivalent to puberty. As with all of
us, no one knows quite what shape she'll try first — will
she take on her wolf form or her human form? It's a
fifty-fifty chance either way, often depending on her
environment. If she's around more lupus, it's probably
the wolf form she'll adopt first, and the case is similar
if she's around more homids.

Have you ever seen kids with a new, fancy toy?
They generally play with it to the exclusion of every-
thing else, then get tired of it. That's a good analogy

to apply to.ametis just after First Change. The metis
~will drive you nuts trying on all his new forms before

finally settling into what he finds most suitable. |
guess | don't have to tell you that most metis, even

guess we all long to go back to our comfortable, true

form — but our Rage is close to the skin then, and so
said than done, of course, because what tribe is. a
going we become a little more adaptable in Homid or

"Lupus. Small blessings and all that.

But the First Change also raises another pressing
issue — the Rite of Passage. No Garou can become a
full-fledged member of the tribe without this impor-
tant event. So the big question is, will the metis be

- granted this privilege? Well, that certainly depends
on the tribe, and more specifically, on the sept and

pack. I can generalize and tell you that most tribes
allow the metis an attempt to prove his own worth; if
he can survive the harshness of the Rite of Passage,
and a lot of young werewolves don't, then he's gone
a long way in showing he can bear his weight in a
crunch. Some tribes, though, quietly encourage
ritemasters and others to stack the deck against the
metis, to set up impossible odds so that the youngster
will fail no matter how skilled he is. Sucks, doesn't it?
Well, I'm happy to report that more often than not,
metis progress through the Rite of Passage with flying
colors. Whether this is because of our inner fires or,
like that strange folk song I heard at a Fianna moot,
the one about a boy named Sue, meaning we grow up
tough, I can't really say.

One Day at a Time

Okay, now our metis kid is, in theory anyway, a
full-fledged member of a pack. She's made it through

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born 89

/ aie teniniemey //,


i

her Rite of Passage and is ready to kick ass with the best
of them. So what next?

Again, a lot of what happens depends on the
tribe and the individual septs and packs within it.
Some tribes take the view that any metis that com-
pletes the Rite of Passage can and should undertake
the normal duties and such of any other pack mem-
ber; things may be a little tougher on the metis, but
a warm body is a warm body. Gaia needs all her
warriors, in other words. Other septs give metis all
the scutwork and hope they'll go away, one way or
another. As far as serving positions within the sept,
well, metis are often out of luck. The Fianna, for
example, won't let anyone with obvious disfigure-
ments and deformities hold a high-ranking position,
while the Glass Walkers couldn't care less. It's not
impossible, but it's extremely uncommon for metis
to serve on the Council of Elders or in the positions
of Warder. Master of the Rite, Garekeener or Master
of the Challenge. I once heard that it was more
likely for a common human to serve in one of those
offices than a metis! What you might see, though, is
the occasional ranking metis holding a position as a
Guardian of the Caern or a Keeper of the Land; that
last position is quite an important one in my own
tribe. Also, for someone like a grizzled metis Ahroun,
taking on a lesser office like Wyrm Foe is an espe-
cially great honor. As far as standing in the tribe or
carrying tokens of respect and glory such as a klaive,
such things come slow to metis. That's not to say we
don't get recognized for our work, but it's sometimes
a more grudging process than for our lupus and
homid brothers and sisters.

As far as honorable mating goes, well, the metis
can tumble in the hay all they like — well, that's if
we're let near the Kin, and I suppose not all tribes are
as permissive as the Children on that count. ] suppose
it's a pragmatism thing — most tribes want their Kin
to form bonds with actual fertile werewolves, not to
get unnecessarily tied up with mates who'll never
give them babies.

That's right, nothing tangible will ever come of it.
So, you ask, do metis have normal sperm counts? Do
the females ovulate? From the few tales I've heard from
Kin or the rare Garou who study such things, it seems
that both male and female metis can have viable,
working parts in that regard. Perhaps we should take a
closer look at what they've found out. But I'm no
scientist; 1 can't tell you about all the genetics, and if
my opinion counts for anything, I'm not so sure science
has much to do with it anyhow. I think it's much more
of a spiritual reason why metis can't reproduce. Yeah,
yeah, I know that makes great fodder for those who say

metis are cursed; this is just one more sign, right? I don't
pretend to know Gaia's mind. I can't say why metis are
sterile, but I don't think it's necessarily a sign of Her
displeasure. Maybe it's just that She feels we have
enough on our minds without worrying about pups, or
maybe it is something genetic, and we have withered
sperm or dead eggs, and I just don't know what the hell
I'mreally talking about. Anyway, what! want to throw
in here is that just because we're sterile doesn't mean
we can't take mates and enjoy normal pleasures like
other beings. True, the tribes don't usually recognize
such unions as honorable, and some think these joinings
are despicable, but sometimes they turn a blind eye to
such things, particularly if the mate is also incapable of
bearing young. But only a few tribes consider a metis/
metis pairing acceptable — which gets back into
keeping the laws of the Litany sacred. Never mind that
nothing can come of it. Other times, both the metis
and his partner. especially if she's a Kinfolk in her
breeding years, are completely ostracized, if not se-
verely punished. That's taking breeding privileges
away from someone more deserving, after all, and has
been grounds for killing metis outright.

Dicious Cycles

That a disproportionate number of metis fall
into Harano should come as no surprise. Many of
these warriors have proven their worth over and
over again only to still face prejudice and disdain
from their tribes. Neither will a metis suffering

uit the same level of concern

servantsof ethers tum tothe Black Spirals, or worse,
simply because they have nesters else to go. In

in the foot with ; not xt only have they
turned potential warriors into enemies, they've
created extremely vengeful foes to boot. Not a few
metis have been part of this nasty, self-fulfilling
prophecy, returning to their former tribe to wreak
serious havoc. Nice, huh?

Guardians of the Caerns

Nee

|


Ms

VP

at
y

I guess the times when I've felt most accepted are
those hours when howls of warning sound through-
out my sept. It could be a Wyrm-beast or perhaps a
pack of crazed Black Spirals. Whatever the threat, in
those few moments, I think most of us forget whether
we are metis, homid or lupus. Despite all our own
hang-ups and imperfections, we still become united
as warriors of Gaia, here for a purpose. When my
claws slash an enemy, each stroke is a victory for Her
and a sign of my solidarity with the pack. Never mind
that if I am fighting beside those outside my pack,
when the battle is done, my wounds get tended last,
my 20 kills are less acknowledged than the lupus
Ragabash's five and my tales are sounded only after
my packmates call for my words. Makes you wonder
how I got to this place in Garou society, huh? But
truthfully, those battles are the times, believe it or
not, when I can put aside my anger and feel that I'm
not here merely by accident of birth.

Endings
All of us know from birth that we end our cycle in

death. Few of us fear it, for death to Garou is really just
stepping onward towards the needs of Gaia in other

guises, other places. Metis aren't much different than
anyone else in this regard. Myself, I like to hope I'll go
out ina blaze of blood, song and fire, taking out as many
of the enemy as possible. ] guess we all hope that, huh?

Of course, there's a little problem when a metis
dies. See, you can bury a human or leave a wolf under
some rotting leaves to turn into dust and not worry
overmuch about legal problems. | hear cremation.is
pretty cheap these days and some folks are even buying
burial plots in national forests and getting themselves
put six feet under with a cheap shroud and no frills so
they can decompose in an all-natural way. But what do
you do with a nine-foot tall half-human, half-wolf
monstrosity? You sure as hell can't carry it down to
Dave and Joe's Cremation Parlor, can you? Ever tried
to buy a coffin for someone in Crinos? Forget it!

So, even in death, we're still a big security risk.
Whoever's left behind absolutely, positively has to
make sure that we get disposed of properly; this is
almost always the responsibility of the pack and sept.
Usually, the easiest way is cremation, provided you've
got a private bonfire to do the burning. Contrary to
the movies, kids, there's a fair bit of stuff left behind
after a body's burned, such as the large bones of the


legs and the skull. So even after the body has been
roasted, somebody's got to pulverize the bones into
smaller pieces and then make sure they're well scat-
tered. That shouldn't be too hard for any werewolf.
Of course, if you can get the body to a real cremato-
rium, the heat there is usually sufficient for reducing
everything to a thickish powder. Good luck stuffing
the body in the oven, though.

Another option is leaving the body or the burned
remains in the Umbra. Some folks, usually the ones
who consider metis tainted in the first place, say this is
sacrilege. But it's always a nice, quick option if you're
on the run. Another practice, which makes me sick, is
a little known ritual wherein the parents of the metis,
or whoever has taken responsibility for him, must
devour his flesh lest it be discovered. This is no less
than cannibalism. We are forbidden to eat the bodies
of men and wolves; are not metis flesh of both these

Metis, the Litan
and the Council of Elders

If punishment is to be doled out for breaking
the first law of the Litany, it is always swift but
almost never arbitrary. A Garou who is accused
of mating with another Garou is brought before
the Council with her metis offspring; for obvi-
ous reasons, it's usually the female half of the
partnership who's discovered first. Depending
on her relationship with the metis' father, she
may be willing to die before revealing his name,
thus excluding him from her shame, or freely
tell all, in which case the father's punishment is
equal to her own. Consequently, a male werewolf
who has great affection for the female may also
try to take on all the blame himself, saying he
forced her against her will. Shaming or. shun-
ning are the usual punishments for the parents,
though among some tribes, death is not un-
known. Black Furies, Fianna, Get of Fenris, Red
Talons, Silver Fangs, Uktena and Wendigo have
the most frequent Council meetings on these
matters. Shadow Lords and Stargazers may or
may not hold these courts, depending on the
situation and at least for the Shadow Lords,
who's involved. Such meetings are infrequent
for the Children of Gaia, Glass Walkers, Silent
Striders and Bone Gnawers. However, in all
cases, there is the usual Renown penalty for
breaking the Litany. The circumstances may
have been unusual, but there's no avoiding the
fact that the participants obviously cannot be
trusted to uphold Gaia's laws no matter what.

92 Guardians of the Caerns

OAL LEP, TS LT OR iia //,

beings? I want to believe this ritual is only practiced
among certain packs of Fianna, to tell you the truth;
they're usually the ones who particularly hate metis.

The bottom line is that you should make damn
sure no one can, ahem, piece together that there are
nine-foot wolfman creatures running around. It would
be disastrous if any Weaver scientists or others of
similar ilk found out about us. I needn't say that the
same is true of the government, right? That's all we
need, a bunch of feds on our tails.

Cribal Perspectives

Up 'til now, I've been giving you an overview of
what it's like to be a metis, both the bitter and the sour;
I won't sugarcoat anything here, my friends. Despite
the fact that we Garou are supposed to be united in our
battle against the Wyrm and its minions, the werewolves
are essentially 13 nations, with 13 different takes on
how to treat the metis. That said, most tribes' views fall
into one of three different areas, or somewhere in
between. Let's take a look at each.

Perspective number one states that the little metis
freaks are evil and Wyrm-tainted manifestations of the
sickness of Gaia, so they must be killed as soon as
possible. Oh yeah, and beat their parents' asses too,
those inbreeding sickos. Those Garou taking this out-
look have little tolerance for metis; most who are born
die quickly, unless their parents can spirit them away
to a more caring and compassionate pack.

Perspective number two is that the poor metis
aren't much to look at, but they're somewhat useful
cannon fodder, so they should be tolerated. The less
said to them or their stupid parents, the better, but it's
okay to throw them some scraps once the carcass is well
picked over. And don't forget to put them at the front
of the battle lines. Er, the metis, that is. A lot of
werewolves take this attitude; it's pretty pragmatic,
after all, and we're not a people to waste things,
whether it be food or warriors. I'll tell you something
else; more and more Garou are switching their tunes to
this outlook every day. I think they're finally realizing
that there are so few of us left, we should be glad of any
warrior pledging him or herself to Gaia's cause.

Perspective number three acknowledges that metis
are Garou and should be treated like anybody else in
the tribe. That is to say, they should meet the same
expectations, duties and obligations (save one) of any
other werewolf pack member. As far as the parents,
well, mistakes happen, right? Live and let live. I don't
need to tell you that pitifully few werewolves possess
this open frame of mind. Nowadays, more packs are
willing to give us the time of day, if we do a lion's share


of the work, but I won't be so blind as to say they
welcome us with open paws.

I supposed most folks can easily guess which tribes
hold which points of view, but for the record, let's do
a walk through, of both the stated canon and the
nastier reality. In addition to the things the "insiders"
say, I've added my own notes on the tribes and their
treatment of metis, just to givean outsider's opinion.

Black Furies

Harks at Still Water

Alas, we hear. the
twisted children! He
that the Apocal

mid Ragabash, speaks:
of Gaia mourning the
igns do you need
ear we pull more

Herself fot w us to have carna
own kind. The evidence i ist

unnatural unions. As-it Sade n now, we often let the
offenders live and give the malformed pup to others
for rearing, much as we do our male pups. Yet if we
cannot keep ourselves pure, I ask you, how shall we do
so for our Mother? |

The answer of Mavis Thornberry, metis Ahroun:

We have an obligation to protect and nurture any
creature of Gaia, even if the pup is a product of sin.
Would you deny suceor to the child born of man's rape
upon woman? No! So then how can you say that it is
right to destroy or disavow the metis pups? Is this the
way of a mother with her young? Should we not love
and care for all the Mother's creations, no matter what
marks on their bodies? Who is to say that this is not the
task Pegasus has quietly set before us Furies as the
Apocalypse nears? Will we flee from it because we fear

what is different? If so, we have no right to call. ...other tri
ourselves protectors and defenders. Besides; what my that? ]

sister the Ragabash doesn't tell you is this: while it's trues
we let other tribes raise our lupus and homid male* ~~' tenton

children, we quite often keep the male metis and raise
them ourselves. The reasons are complex and varied;
perhaps you can't understand, not being a woman. But
every Fury understands that the male metis pup carries
such a stigma that he is no threat to any of us. It's as if
the deformity he bears overshadows the power of his
masculinity, neutralizes it into something neither alien
nor threatening. | don't mean to make light of his
identity as a gendered being, nor of whatever pain he
must endure for being metis, but bearing a mark of

a A Ae

Gaia's own suffering brings him more into communion
with us. Ah well, I see you're shaking your head in
confusion, just as I knew you would.

Merryk's comments:

Don't tell them I said this, or there'd be hell to pay,
but the Furies for all their claptrap about how "the
mother protects her young" and that "treating women
a certain way based on their looks sucks" are a little
biased against metis, how they look and what they
represent. They grudgingly allow them participation
in Rites of Passage and in holding sept leadership
positions, now, but it's rarely accepted by the whole
sept. And as for the whole male metis thing, sounds
like some sort of retroactive bullshit. I think the Furies
just may have some pity in their dark hearts and don't
want the rest of us to think it's genuine, as opposed to
being a bunch of rhetoric. They'd much rather us think
it was just part of their feminist social agenda. Gaia
alone knows why.

Bone Gnawers

Shabazz Strunk, homid Theurge speaks:

Them that say metis are the harbingers of the
Apocalypse, they're fools. If anything, they're the very
heart of Gaia. If metis are so wrong, well, why are they
allowed to exist in the first place? Perhaps they're
especially marked in some way, like those who are mad
or blind. Wasn't it these kinda people who were the
prophets and the seers through the ages? No one ever
listens to us Gnawers, of course, but I say the metis are
actually the voice of Gaia given physical form. She is
in pain from the choking of the Wyrm; the metis share
a bond with Gaia and mirror her suffering through
their deformities. But that in no way lessens their
importance in my eyes; rather, I think we've got a lot
to learn from them.

The answer of Pinto One-Ear, metis Philodox:

Gn: o carry a blemish since we

like anybody e as ei, i they expect me to wal my
weight, no matter that this here leg can hardly bear
up when there's a fight going on. They take me for
who I am. Can your tribe say the same?

Merryk's comments:

The Gnawers feel much the same way about metis
as my own tribe, though they take it to streets quite
literally. Generally, they don't care how ugly or de-
formed the metis are; in fact, the Bone Gnawers

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born 93

——_—

NN


respect the metis' differences and their spunk. They
only see the metis as Garou, plain and simple. As
refreshing as this outlook is, though, I still am a little
troubled by members of this tribe being so open about
mating with each other. To make a mistake is one
thing; to flagrantly disobey the law over and over is
another. Not that I'm judging, of course.

Children of Gaia

Raine Hildebrandt, homid Philodox, speaks:

I can't begin to tell you all the pathetic stories I've
heard from other Garou, parents of metis, the ones
who've made.a: mistake and then have to leave their
septs or face an awful consequence. Granted, breaking
the Litany is wrong, and it doesn't come without a
pricetag. But should that price be the life of an unborn
werewolf child and possibly its parents? Every warrior
we have is precious! Nor should the child have to suffer
for its parents' sins. The way some tribes treat metis
beyond barbaric. There's another way, and it's the
of our tribe to show everyone else the right path

The answer of Calvin Maffey, metis Ahroun:

Yes, even among the Children of Gaia, you'll find
some people who fear the metis. I've encountered
some reluctance on a few occasions, though never
hatred or loathing. My tribe has by far the most
enlightened viewpoint of any I've encountered. It's
sick that a lot of the others, such as the Red Talons,
rend a metis pup to pieces before it can ever have a
chance to show its worth. Who's to say that pup
wouldn't have fulfilled some great prophecy or sacri-
ficed himself to protect a caern? The other tribes
better think before they continue their patterns of
cruelty to the metis.

Merryk's comments:

We're pretty logical about the whole metis affair,
if I do say so myself. We don't deny passion and love

that may exist between our kind, but we take care not"

to breed metis if at all possible. That's one reaso:
helped bring about birth control. What, you thoug
it was just to control the spread of humans? Wha
that old Fianna saying about fire in the heart an
head? Like I've told you, no one is immune to passi:
So, when the chips fall, we do what we can. No meti

will ever be turned away from our doorstep, nor will.

they be denied achance to serve ina role equal to that
of the other breeds.

Fianna

Blaze of Blackwater, lupus Philodox, speaks
Once | mated with one of my own kind, a four-leg.
I bore a pup, ametis, and shame has followed me. It was

94 Guardians of the Caerns

EEL Ps ET a iia //

wrong. As Garou, we know better than. to. breed
creatures that are malformed; the body represents the
spirit. But I let the child live. Now she serves as a
warrior of my sept and has defended our bawn against
Wyrm and Weaver. But [vankle at her impurity; even
yet she may turn against us and al the flaw in her
soul. Was I wrong not: ain he

The answer of
Ahroun:

My mother to
brought me to the
her up, and they prete
whatever scraps she g
She never told me he
her at moots and see
controlled of any Fia
something got a little out
well, you know. I've neverf

either. I think

idget | Empty Hand, metis

a lot of heat' whee rst
. The others regularly roughed
ed like I wasn't even there. Yet
, the biggest share came to me.
»it happened, but now I watch
at she is the sternest and most
a present. I can guess that
hand at some revel, and...
nd out about my father,
he was would bring
dN mada some of the

to raise my standir even a:
Merryk's comments:
It's not without a certain sense of irony that the
Fianna, self-avowed masters and mistresses of passion
and abandon among the werewolves, despise the metis.
They believe that physical deformity shows a malevo-
lence in the spirit as well. But at the same time, they're
really into having wild, raucous parties, orgies if you
ask my opinion. The Fianna dismiss. any poteritial risk
in this kind of activity; their‘answer to-slowing those
driving passions is "fi k to slake your lust."
How. f; there aremany metis
P ‘and green eyes, both in

at the aitful form oa ametis
a creature into this world
yect to Gaia and to the tribe.
olves say that this is not the
blame should be placed on
aps true, but times are hard.
rt the burden of one who is
ry his own weight. I don't mean to be
I say that the kindest thing is to put a
crippled metis pup down immediately. Then choose


a suitable punishment for the parents and move on.
There are too many duties Gaia calls us for to dwell on
the issue of the metis.

The answer of Oddvar Havelock, metis Galliard:

Why was I given the chances I got? Perhaps the
Jarl had pity since his son was the one who fathered me.
Perhaps our Theurge received a message from a spirit,
or Fenris sent a sign that there was something special
about me. Whatever the reason, I passed from child-
hood through my Rite of Passage and stand before you
a member of the Sept of Brightskull's Eye. Not that I

get any pleasures from life, save blood and the thrum of

muscles. Each time our pack does battle, I pray to
Fenris that I might hear the wings of the Valkyries

as I slay a score of foes before dying to save ;
the pack. I want nothing more
than to have the others sing a
saga of my deeds.

Merryk's comments:

Not unlike the Red Talons, the Get aren't always
above killing their metis children outright, and some-
times the guilty parents are forced to wield the knife.
But from what I understand, if the cub's deformity
doesn't make it too weak to fight, it stands a pretty
good chance of survival. If a hardy one survives to
adulthood, she's put to use alongside other warriors;
strength is strength, no matter the frame. Maybe
she'll never get the same respect, no matter what her
deeds, but I haven't exactly spent
a lot of time in a Get sept. Most
lupus and homid Get will hope
she dies a glorious death and
has better luck next time. Per-
i haps that's the kindest thing
for any of their kind.

Glass Walkers

Blake Rubenstein, homid
Theurge, speaks:

Look, let me give it to you
straight. The other tribes are com-
WA /" pletely ignoring a tremendous re-
source! The metis are usually will-
ing and able to do whatever is re-
"quired of them, perhaps with a helping hand, but
more often than not, completely on their own. |
know a lot of unwanted metis from other
tribes flock to the Children of Gaia or
the Bone Gnawers. Well, while I can't

speak for all Walkers, I know that my
pack would be glad to have more
a metis on our side. They make ter-
is SNS tific fighters and have some keen
insights; most of them have for-
gotten more about Garou society than
I've ever learned! It's a pity the
other tribes can't see past their
ancient prejudices.
The answer of Com Beta
lo, metis Theurge:

I was born in another
tribe; I don't know which
one, and it doesn't really
matter. The Glass Walk-
ers took me in and
made me one of their
own. Did the other tribe
disown me because |
had no eyes? The
Walkers showed


me anew way to see. Thanks to their teachings, I now
have vision through many eyes in many places. I've
discovered back doors that have saved my packmates
a number of times. Yet, I could never explain the ‘net
toa Red Talon, not because.of the words, but because
of who I am. Who ends up damned when the Pentex
team strikes at their forests, and only I .can stop their
comlinks? It's not the metis outcast, I can assure you.

Merryk's comments:

While I don't understand a lot of Glass Walker
technogibberish, I find their outlooks on metis re-
markably enlightened. Like us Children of Gaia, the
Glass Walkers are often willing to take in metis cubs
from tribes that disown them. The Walkers don't
necessarily believe that the deformed body hints at
corruption of the soul, and probably because of this,
they've actually developed cyberware for metis that
circumvents certain physical deformities. It's kinda
weird and maybe a little too Weaver for me, but it's
remarkable nonetheless. A few homid Walkers tend to
give metis a cold shoulder now and then, but rarely
would they turn down an offer of help from one of my
kind. It's just old prejudice coming through, and if
more metis join up with the Glass Walkers, even that
kind of intolerance will grow less and less, I bet.

Red Talons

Wanders Under Hill, lupus Ahroun, speaks:

Only the strong, the fit, survive. The malformed
are to be returned to Gaia, so as not to waste food and
energy on them. The two-legs often let the abomina-
tions live and call it mercy. How is it mercy when it
weakens the tribe? When they let the things live,
usually another tribe takes it in..A few Talon packs also
let the sick ones live and grow to run with the rest. The
sickly ones circle the edge of the pack, scrounging for
scraps like a crow, dropping their tails when even cubs
come near. They freeze in the Whitecold Moons; they
wheeze and cough when they run; their claws and
teeth are dull. They add nothing to the pack. These
metis usually die quickly, and that is the real mercy.

The answer of Sparsefur, metis Philodox:

I saw one pack rip apart a bitch and her metis cub.
I was lucky; my mother's pack let us live. My mother
made a mistake, and | accept it. 1 keep my place, and
they allow me to clean the bones. I am grateful and
fight hard to help my brothers and sisters when they let
me. Once I warned them of an ambush. The next kill,
I got to eat my fill! But I must not push the others or ask
too much. I must earn the right to follow the pack, for
without my pack, what am I?

96 Guardians of the Caerns

OEE PT ST TY

Merryk's comments:

Well, not much I can add to that, eh? The Red
Talons consider metis to be lower than the omega wolf
of the pack, an abomination. If they find a metis pup,
these lupus werewolves usually don't hesitate to kill it
and sometimes its parents as well. From what I've
heard, they're also a lot more disciplined about avoid-
ing metis conception in the first place, so it's no
wonder that the Talon metis are damned few and far
between. Even so, I understand there are afew rare Red
Talon metis that have actually achieved some fame.
Crookpaw's one, and word is that he's the fiercest and
least merciful of any in the whole damn tribe. On the
other hand, folks say he gives everyone cause to think
after he's made one of his infamous visits. Then there's
this Talon metis called Luna Moth who hangs with the
Fianna Sept of Bridget's Blessing. That must seem like
a contradiction in itself, but word is that she saved the
lives of the sept leader's two kids, at least one of whom
was prophesied to be a powerful Ahroun. So I guess we
all should be more careful about thinking in absolutes
when it comes to the Red Talons.

Shadow Lords

Ivar Elek, homid Theurge, speaks:

The metis clearly have some problems; a mere
glance at their bodies will tell you this. They either
lack the physical strength and vigor or the mental
stability to function as stable pillars of Garou soci-
ety. But this doesn't mean they are worthless! As
supporters, they are an excellent addition to any
sept. Granted, it is difficult for them to achieve the
honors to which the homids and lupus aspire, but
they should be encouraged to do their best, always.
Never ignore the teeth of the wolf, particularly if its
bite can serve you well.

The answer of Sunniva Kardon, metis Theurge:

I have no cause for complaint. Never have I gone
hungry or been denied shelter. When the pack re-
joices, my howl is welcomed. Or rather would be, if |
could howl. I know a few of the sept laugh at my
croaking voice, but they give me full attention when
the spirits choose to tell me their secrets. While I could
never aspire to be Master of the Rite, she has on
occasion welcomed my help in preparing for our most
sacred rituals. [ have seen how the other tribes treat
metis, and I am content.

Merryk's comments:

Are they useful to the tribe or sept? Do they have
some value? Wonderful! Put them to work. If not, find
a way to make them part of the tribe so that they will


be useful. Yep, that's the Shadow Lords at their finest.
Of course, then there are the stories of the Children of
Lazarus, some sort of civil-rights movement within the
tribe. | have to wonder just what kind of activism a
metis Lord would condone — I'd hate to think just
how bitter their hearts must be.

Silent Striders

Atoberhan Assifa, homid Galliard, speaks:
Clearly, the Litany says we aren't to mate with

other Garou. What it doesn't say is how intense the

natural yearnings toward others of our kind are. At
least with our tribe, we. meet seldom, and sometimes
when we do, those draws and desires can get out of
hand. In ancient Khem, what most call Egypt, brothers
and sisters of the royal line mated frequently with each
other, to preserve their blood. I can draw some of the
same analogies with werewolf mating with werewolf.
It's true that the metis blemishes can pose difficulties,
but the truth is, I've never met a Strider metis that
wasn't among the best of us for battling Gaia's enemies.

The answer of Semere, metis Ragabash:

Some say the Feather of Maat is heavy for us metis,
that it tips the scales when weighed against our hearts.
My mother, Molly Potter, told me plainly that she felt
a movement in her heart when she met my father, a
Ragabash from another tribe. She followed her in-
stinct and this is how I came into the world. She
believes that one of the Ancient Ones, perhaps Hathor
or even Isis, merged her path with that of my father. So
tell me, what's so wrong about following the road of
fate? Wouldn't it have been more wrong not to take
that path? After all, 1 am one more barrier between
Gaia and Her foes, aren't I?

Merryk's comments:

It may seem strange, but metis are fairly common
among the Striders, moreso than in most other tribes.
And the pups aren't really shunned; after all, Striders

Talons, and take them on their travels. | could think
of worse ways to be raised. Of course, when I say that
metis pups go along with their parents, you should
instantly start to wonder about, ah, the arrangements.
How do they travel with a kid trapped in a Crinos
body? I've thought a lot about that, and I wonder if
tinker's wagons or circus caravans used to be a good
place to hide metis before their First Change? They're
all over Europe, you know, and I'm not just talking
about Gypsies here. I mean, Strider caerns are few and

far between. I'd find it hard to believe that a Strider
would settle down in any one place for more than a year
or two at most. So my guess is that they've found ways
of taking along the metis pups and still keeping them
out of sight. Maybe they've also got some sort of
network where young metis are passed around willing
Striders, to let the kids really get some firsthand
experience among both humans and wolves. What-
ever they do, the Striders have had pretty good luck
keeping the metis hidden so far.

Silver Fangs
~ - Massilissa Klimetnovna, homid Ragabash, speaks:

Itnever happens, or at least that's what I've always
been told. But I also know that never is usually a
falsehood. Perhaps I'm just repeating old wives' yarns
or stories our Galliards sing to put fear into our young
ones, but there are some tales of how Silver Fang
families have secret wings built onto their mansions.
Late in the night, youcan hear eerie howls and screams
coming from those sections of the house. At moots,
sometimes I've seen members of my tribe who stand
just outside our circles, strange shapes in the shadows,
watchful but silent, never letting the firelight and
moonbeams show on their forms. Maybe there are
metis among us after all?

The answer of Feliks Hides-in-Shadow, metis
Galliard:

Did you hear that? What's that noise? Is it them
again? What did you ask? Oh, metis. Yes, I'm a metis,
but don't tell anyone. I wouldn't want them to find out,
others of the tribe, I mean. The most recent decree
from above is that Silver Fangs don't ever, ever, ever
mate with other werewolves. So we have to stay out of
sight. Many of the young pups don't believe we exist,
but here we are, heehee, like bad pennies just popping

dwork. Damn, look out! There's one
kidding. Have I told you the tale

have to make hay when the sun shines, so to speak. ofl van avTvacTongse? Hes was a metis, too! Hey, where

Once in a while, the Litany plays second fiddle to a
lonely Strider in the company of another werewolf. __
Members of the tribe have been known to take inmetis:
pups here and there from others, such as the Red __

e you going? Stay and listen! Please don't go! Don't

leave me alooooocoone!

Merryk's comments:

Don't you just love that denial tactic? | may get in
big trouble for saying this, but what the hell. There
are metis Silver Fangs, obviously. And it's sad, but
many of them are exceptionally deformed, with twisted
limbs and bodies that just don't seem to be wired quite
right. And that's not the half of it. Their inbred
blood, a bit tainted to begin with, boils into a nasty
soup when two members of this tribe mate. The
resulting pup is often completely nuts in addition to
any physical deformity she may possess. The Silver
Fang metis are quite shunned, both by their own

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born 97

OAL PT TR SD DY,


tribe, who are supposed to serve as an example of the
best among us, and by others.

Stargazers

Chung Guotin, homid Philodox, speaks:

Physical love is a poor substitute for the passion of
the heart. There is nothing wrong with two Garou
sharing one mind, one soul. However, as you can see,
Gaia becomes angered when we allow our bodies to
overrule our thoughts. This is the true meaning of the
first law of the Litany, to balance the inner and outer
selves, high mind and low. Succumbing to those base
instincts is where our failure lies. Yet we are fallible
beings, that much is clear, so do not be cruel to the
metis, who cannot help their sickness. Give them what
aid you can, but teach them the ways of their parents
were not the best path to finding Gaia.

The answer of Madhur Rani, metis Theurge:

Thought doesn't always equate with deed, espe-
cially when we're talking about the creation of metis.
Who knows what reflections pass through the minds of
werewolves who mate? I can't judge my parents; I can
only judge myself. [have many gifts, but they've been
bought at a high price, a mark on my soul. Only by
clearing this taint can I move onward in the cycle. It's
a double burden, being a metis, but 1 won't question
how I came to be here. What I would like to say,
though, is that we metis represent an interesting prob-
lem for the Garou. Many see us as the objects of
unpardonable sin, but in fact, I think that we're merely
reminders of sin rather than its personification. I'm not
speaking of werewolf mating with werewolf, but of the
sin of pride. Think back to your tale about Bittersown
and the War of Rage. Was it not the Garou themselves
who created us? Until all within Gaia's ranks of war-
riors can accept us, can accept their own sins, redemp-
tion will elude them. We metis are the seeds of that
redemption, yet they still overlook us in their gardens.

Merryk's comments:

Yeah, right, just think your way out of it. It doesn't
work for high school kids, and it sure as hell don't work
for werewolves. But for all that, the Stargazers are kind

to metis, seldom shunning them, and then only be- ~

cause our tempers are such a danger. If youneed aplace
to shelter in the storm, know that the Stargazers won't
turn you away. As far as seeds of redemption, maybe
there's something to that pride idea after all. Not that
any Silver Fang or Shadow Lord would listen!

Uuktena

Gomda of the Blue Sky, lupus Theurge, speaks:

Do not lie with other Garou, whether two-legs or
four-legs. There is no more to the law than this. Why

98 Guardians of the Caerns

AA PS ET WT RE TY

do you question it? This is no riddle. I see metis in my
own tribe and wonder why thepups live. And yet when
the time comes for the proving, strong are their hearts
in sharing the pack's burden. What more do we need
to ask? This is all I need to know.

The answer of: Taima, metis Ahroun:

To be a metis.in my tribe, you have to practice
what I call moving in the shallows of the eye. We lurk
just beneath the sight of everyone. Our hands tend the
bawn, our fangs rend the enemy, our howls form
harmony with the pack. But we are invisible when we
ask for meat, silent when we chew, always standing
behind the Galliards when the songs of glory are sung.
Weare always and never with the pack, and this is how
we survive. :

Merryk's comments:

Damn, ever tried to get a straight answer from an
Uktena? They're reluctant enough to speak to any
outside their tribe, but even when they do speak,
chances are you'd have a better chance of understand-
ing a Stargazer! Well, what I take from these guys is
that metis are rare among the Uktena, but they are
given an opportunity to prove themselves. Nothing
more, nothing less... I guess.

Wendigo

Weayaya Beardancer, homid Galliard, speaks:

What do you know of our people and their ways,
Wyrmcomer? Perhaps your tribe tried to stop the
slaughters, but they failed. And I've heard that legend,
the one about how the Child of Gaia brought the first
transgression against the law. This is just one more
terrible thing you did to us. Now, look at our people!
They couple with one another even though they know
it is wrong. The females bear young that are deformed
and sick. The end times are truly upon us.

The answer of Yancy Yodkolo, metis Ragabash:

Bastards, all of them. I had to leave the res and
everything after my mother and father tried to present
me tothe tribe. I'd gone through First Change; would
it have cost so much for them to give me a Rite of

Passage? If I'd failed it, no loss to them! If I'd suc-
‘ceeded, who knows what might've come of it? So

now, I'm stuck with the Wimpchildren of Gaia...uh,
sorry, no harm intended. Look,:I'm just upset. Both
my parents were of the People, a long line going back
many moons, and | wanted to stay with the tribe.
Yeah, what they did was stupid, but why blame me for
it? Now I'll never get to see the wonderful places they
told me about, and that pisses me off. And what gets
me even madder is that some metis do get to stay. Why
I got singled out is beyond me. I mean, haven't you
heard all those rumors about Wendigo's taint show-

|


ing up among the metis kids of our tribe? Sure, they
try to keep it quiet, but I can assure you, there's
usually some hint of fact in every tall tale you'll hear.

Merryk's comments:

Hey, all you Wendigo, let me give you a piece of
advice. Your tribe takes breaking the Litany very
seriously, and I'd recommend taking a number of cold
showers to avoid any complications. If you do get into
trouble, though, don't bother going home.

Other Changing Breeds

I've heard that the Children of Gaia know more
than any other tribe about our Changing brothers
and sisters, and truth to tell, we know damn little.
Why do we know anything at all? It's because,
unlike the other tribes, we generally kept the peace
through the War of Rage. That trust was hard won,
and we don't want it destroyed. So know that I'm
telling this tale of the others so just maybe you can
understand something about what they're really
like. Knowledge is power, and all that, you know.
And I guess I don't have to tell you to keep your big
maw shut, right? Just keep this all in mind and chew
on it if you meet one of the Changing Breeds.
Because if you go telling this to everybody, I'd have
to hurt you. And you woulda t like Hat) at alle

Ananasi

Merryk's comments:

It cost me dear to learn anything about the
werespiders. Yes, there are Ananasi metis, and what's
more, they're the damn leaders of this crowd, at least
in San Francisco's Chinatown. I've heard that they
follow a spider queen, Aunt Nancy, Aunt Nasty,
Ananasa, or something like that. Most spiders like
solitude, so I wonder how it is that two of them get
together to reproduce. What's more, | heard that
there's some kind of war-going on between their
tribes, and that three factions seem to be causing the
whole stink. I wonder if, like .us, they have three
different breeds and many different tribes? There are
lots of different kinds of spiders, to be st re.

Bastet

Merryk's comments:

The Bastet have no love for us, thanks tothe War
of Rage, but maybe there's been some healing in
recent years. I've met just one of their metis, there
can't be too many of them, and believe it ornot, they
face no particular shame among their kind. They all
told me that among their people, all are judged by

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born

AL PET nti //,

their abilities and actions, not their appearances.
Yeah, right. That sounds too good to be true, and I've
heard Bastet don't hold truth as high as we do any-
way. None have really told me if they have a Litany
or anything similar, but I didn't get the impression
that two werecat parents get in trouble much, either,
though that's probably as big an exaggeration as the
other stuff I heard about the werecats.

Corax

Merryk's comments:

The Ravensare actually somewhat chummy with
werewolves; a few seem to like hanging around with
the Fianna and the Get, though I myself don't under-
stand the attraction for any parties involved. But as
many times as I've seen these blacked-winged folk,
I've never seen a metis. | can't imagine the Corax
having strict laws that everyone follows. | mean,
they're sort of outlaw types for the most part. Maybe
they're just physically incapable of producing metis?
I would say it's because they're birds and not mam-
mals, but the Ananasi metis shoot that theory straight
down. I guess until one of the birds feels like squawk-
ing about it, we'll never know.

Merryk's comments:

Like the Corax, the Gurah] seem to have no metis.
In their case, though, I bet they get some kind of
guidance or wisdom from Gaia or the Great Bear when
it comes down to matters of, ahem, physical romance.
Another thought of mine is that because they are such
incredible healers, and perhaps more pure in spirit as a
people, maybe some part of their inner selves either
prevents them with mating with any but Kinfolk or at
least from conceiving if they do mate with each other.
If only they could bottle it and sell it... but that would
mean a lot of good people would never be born.

Mokolé

Merryk's comments:

The Mokolé generally hate us all, and I wouldn't
have known-anything about them, except for the
goodwill of some Silent Strider buds of mine. One said
that while metis don't exist among the lizards, their
ghosts do; she called them the Hungry Dead and said
they're horrible and dangerous. They like to corrupt
others with their malice. Now, does that make one iota
of sense? All I can figure out is that the Mokolé must
kill their metis, all of them, in some systematic fashion.
They must have breeding taboos even more strict and
harsh than our Litany.


4
| 100 y

Yuwisha

Merryk's comments:

As far as I can tell, there's never been a metis
werecoyote seen. I'd have a hard time believing that
they kill these pups, though; how can the damn Nuwisha
stop laughing long enough? The werecoyote I spoke
with joked with that they don't like being with each
other so much, that no two of them could get along
long enough to do the deed. They'd much rather pester
humans, coyotes or other shapechangers. That I defi-
nitely believe. 1 won't tell you how much wine he
drank and how empty my wallet was after he left.

Ratkin

Merryk's comments:

I just don't get the wererats. | mean, they've gotta
breed like rabbits, right? You can find Ratkin in nearly
every city in this country without too much trouble.
And yet, I've seen few if any metis. Hell, it's kinda hard
to tell! They're all pretty damn ugly. Anyway, I don't
know if their low numbers of metis are due to their
terrible deformities or something else. Based on the
few wererats who'd speak with me, I did find out their
metis are sterile. Still, you'd think there would be more
of them considering how much these creatures breed.

Rokea

Merryk's comments:

There are such things as weresharks, but they're
hard to see. No, I've never had the pleasure myself. |
hear the best place to look for them is among the
peoples of the coasts and islands, particularly in the
warm waters of the Pacific. Too little is known about
them to say if they have metis. I've seen some odd-
looking sharks pulled ashore, but I've never been
convinced they were anything other than mutants of
some kind, probably from all the pollution.

Rules

By now, Storytellers and players should have a
pretty good grasp of where metis stand in the Garou
order — low to the ground, yet an undeniable part of
the society. They have a place, even if it's not always
a particularly desirable one. All this previous informa-
tion covers much of what the troupe needs to know for
roleplaying. The following sections are intended to
look at some rules for metis characters, including
deformities, Merits and Flaws, Gifts and of course some
ideas for the Storyteller.

en 10 of Pea AT EPP OA IE

Metis Deformities

Several of the following metis deformities are
reprinted from the main rulebook and the Werewolf
Players Guide in order to give Storytellers and players
a comprehensive list. A number of them are new.
Players are encouraged to make up new metis deformi-
ties in consultation with their Storytellers. Here are a
few provisos for designing these on your own:

¢ Remember, unless it has a negative impact on
the character, it isn't really a deformity! Make sure that
your metis suffers somehow from the condition, either
physically, socially or mentally. In some cases, the
character may receive some small advantage from the
deformity, which is fine. Just make sure that the bad far
outweighs the good.

¢ Many persons with varied disabilities in the real
world lead productive and rich lives, and laws are
finally changing to protect their interests and rights to
access and equality. But remember that the characters
live in a darker world. Most werewolves despise the
metis, thinking they're a sign of Gaia's sickness. A lot
of Garou aren't going to go out of their way to be
considerate to metis or make sure they have any special
equipment they need to survive. Thus, if you design a
metis deformity, it should be playable within the given
context. For example, if you create a metis Red Talon
who has no limbs, the Storyteller is going to be hard
pressed to come up with a chronicle involving that
character. On the other hand, aGlass Walker chronicle
focusing on cyberspace and adventures in the Digital
Web might be a perfect venue for a quadriplegic
character. In simple terms, make the deformity fit the
character and the story.

° If choosing a deformity from the provided list,
players should feel free to customize it to suit their
character. Be descriptive! If the metis has hooves,
what do they look like? Are they cloven like a goat's or
more solid like a horse's? Do they make the character
less stealthy or agile? Is the character able to use them
in combat? Ifso, how? Of course, always check with the
Storyteller about your ideas and customizations.

Albino

You were born without any melanin in your
body, no matter what form you take. As a result,
your skin is faintly pink and burns easily. Likewise,
your hair is stark white and your eyes are ruby red.
To say your fur stands out among the browns, golds
and blacks of the other werewolves is an understate-
ment. Every part of your body is sensitive to sun-

Guardians of the Caerns

NS


light, which means you wear long sleeves, a hat and
sunglasses all year round; in your wolf form, you
have to stay out of the sun or get burned. Take a +2
difficulty on all Perception rolls if you're trying to
operate in bright light without your shades.

Cleft Lip

The split in your lip detracts from your appear-
ance, but perhaps worse for a Garou, you have a speech
impediment thanks to your hard palate. A minor
annoyance to some, for Galliards this is a serious
disability. All metis with this deformity are at +2
difficulty to Social rolls that involve major speeches,
performance or seduction.

Conjoined Twin Syndrome

When your parents mated, the fertilized egg split,
albeit imperfectly. Instead of having two identical
metis twins, your mother bore you with a remnant of
your twin still embedded in part of your body. It's pretty
clear to any onlookers that you have part of a metis
fetus stuck onto your flesh. While this causes you no
physical difficulty, it's a real problem in social situa-
tions. Add +2 difficulty on all Social rolls that involve
Appearance and Charisma.

Fits of Madness

One or more types of mental illness plague you on
a periodic basis; these may include manic depression,
schizophrenia or extreme paranoia. Whatever your
malaise, you tend to fall to pieces when you're under
stress. Make a Willpower roll at difficulty 8 whenever
the going gets tough; less than three successes means
you go quietly nuts for a while.

Foul Scent

Whether you reek of an overripe skunk, week-old
sweat or perhaps Black Spiral #5, your scent disgusts
other werewolves. Some believe you to be dangerous
and won't come close; others want to pick fights with
you. Increase the difficulty of Social rolls among hu-
mans by one and by two around animals, including
wolves and Garou.

Fragile Claws/No Claws

Your claws are brittle and may tear or break when
you attempt to use them as weapons. Each time you
attack, if you botch, your claws snap off. It's extremely
painful; take one health level of damage for every level
you would have inflicted, plus one aggravated health
level. On the other hand, you might have no claws at

|


1s.

all. In this case, you can't inflict aggravated damage
with a claw attack (obviously). This puts you at a
serious disadvantage in a fight.

Hairless

You have no hair or fur in any of your forms,
making you a strange sight indeed while in Crinos.
Take a +1 difficulty to all Social rolls while in any form
except Homid. Also, the character may have no dots
in Pure Breed.

Hard of Hearing/Deat

Because of your metis birth, you can't hear as well
as other werewolves. If hard of hearing, you have +2
difficulty to all Perception rolls involving sound. If you
are deaf, you have no aural perception at all. The
closest sensation to hearing that you possess is feeling
the vibrations of loud sounds. Total deafness may also
mean you have a speech impediment.

Hemophilia

Your diooa'has a timitea'abiiity to ctor. in combat,
you cannot regenerate health levels as do other Garou.
In fact, a Gift like Mother's Touch is necessary for you
to heal at all. Being so limited in a fight may well brand
you a coward among other werewolves. SS

Hooves

Like an herbivore, you have hooved feet, which
are apparent in all your forms; these are your back legs
in Crinos, Hispo or Lupus. These hooves may look like
a cow's, a goat's or a deer's, but they're definitely the
accouterments of a grass eater. Take +1 difficulty to all
Social rolls and see that you eat plenty of meat,
especially around other werewolves.

Horns

Much like hooves, horns are a mark of prey rather.

than predator. As with hooves, you receive a +1:
penalty to all Social rolls due to your appearance..

However, if your horns look more like antlers, some
Fianna may give you respect because you seem marked
by their totem, Stag. The same is true for a metis with
a single horn on their forehead; Children of Gaia may
believe Unicorn blesses you.

Human Face

As horrifying as it may seem, you keep a human
visage no matter what your form. The appearance of a
human-faced wolf is particularly ghastly, and some
werewolves might mistake you for a fomor or a Black
Spiral. You incur +1 difficulty on all Social rolls.

Hunchback

You were born with a front-to-back or side-to-side
curve of your spine that has gotten progressively more
severe as you've aged. Not only does it give you a
negative social stigma (+1 difficulty to Social rolls), it

Guardians of the Caerns

TS

also impedes your movement. Add +1 difficulty to all
Dexterity-based rolls.

Hyperactive Senses

This deformity is a mixed blessing. While you
have a bonus to pick up minute clues that someone
else might miss, such as the scent of a Leech after a
rainstorm, there's also a terrible downside. What-
ever sense group you choose to be hyperactive gets
all too easily overwhelmed by normal stimuli. The
firing of a gun, the flashlight in your eyes, the stench
of crude oil — these might be enough to make you
deaf, blind or choked for several minutes. Storytell-
ers should be sure to use the penalties of this defor-
mity more often than its benefits.

Hyperallergic

You were born overly sensitive to the flood of
manufactured products currently sweeping the world.
Contact with anything that is plastic-based or other-
wise manmads such as nalpenter ar linaleum, cannes
you to break out in debilitating hives or suffer a bout
of respiratory distress. Either way, you're useless until
you get away from the offending material. Natural
materials and fibers, such as wood, stone or wool,
don't bother you at all.

Monstrous

It's not one thing; it's everything. Your form is,
simply put, hideous. Pups run howling from you, and
adults tend to look at your feet. Your Appearance is 0
and can never be higher; depending on the situation,
you may also incur a +1 difficulty to Social rolls
(Storyteller discretion).

Mute

Whether howls of warning or the Queen's English,
oral communication is important to werewolves. You're
out of the loop on this because you can't make a sound
above a weak croak. To communicate with wolves, you
have to rely totally on body language, such as the
lifting of you tail and ears to indicate submission or
dominance. Among humans, it's a little easier, as long
as you have a pencil and paper.

No Ears

All canids rely heavily on their ears to signal
emotions. Raised ears indicate alertness; gently low-
ered ears mean submission, while ears flat against the
head may signal anger and aggression. None of this
means much to you, though, because you were born
without external ears. Not only is it more difficult to
catch certain sounds (+1 difficulty to Perception rolls
involving hearing, all forms), you also are lacking in
social abilities among wolves. Adda +1 difficulty to all
Social rolls when in Lupus form.


No Sense of Smell

You have no olfactory nerves, or else what's
there doesn't work right. Your sense of smell is
severely impaired if it functions at all. This is an
unfortunate thing for a creature that relies so much
on her nose. Take a +2 penalty to all Perception
rolls involving smell.

No Tail/Deformed Tail

Whether you have a hairless, bony protrusion or
look like the werewolf version of a Manx cat, not
having a tail means serious communication problems
with others of your kind. You have +1 difficulty in all
Social situations while in Lupus, Hispo or Crinos
forms. Likewise, your sense of balance suffers; add +1
difficulty to Dexterity rolls as well while wearing those
forms. A variation on this deformity would be having
a thin, snakelike tail or some similar disfigurement.

One Eye

Whether you simply have no eye in either your

right or left socket, or you have one cyclopean eye in
the middle of your face, depth perception is not your
strong suit. Take a +2 penalty on all Perception rolls
involving sight. If you have a cyclopean eye, your
Social rolls are at +1 difficulty as well.

Oversized Limbs

One or more of your limbs doesn't fit right; it's far
too large for the rest of your body mass, offsetting your
balance and giving you a twisted appearance. You
incur +1 difficulty to both Dexterity and Social rolls
because of the limb.

Palsy

Palsy is an uncontrollable shaking that comes and
goes depending on your circumstances and environ-
ment. When ina stressful situation, make a Willpower
roll at difficulty 8. If you score less than three successes,
you start shaking until the situation passes and have a
+1 difficulty on all Dexterity rolls.

Poor Sight/Blind

You have two eyes in the right place, but they
don't work so well. No glasses or contacts can correct
this problem, either. Take a +2 difficulty on all visual
Perception rolls. If you are blind, you automatically fail
any rolls involving vision.

Physical Deformity

This category is a general catch-all for physical
disabilities not otherwise detailed, such as missing
limbs, paraplegia and so on. With Storyteller approval,
take a +2 difficulty to all Dexterity rolls. You may wish
to define this a bit further depending on your charac-
ter. For example, a werewolf may be paralyzed from the
waist down, unable to run, but he still may be able to
shoot well (i.e., with no penalty).

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born

LE CP ET ET iiey //,

Restricted Forms

Choose any form other than your breed form of
Crinos; because of your deformity, you are never able
to assume this form of your choice. When trying to
change forms under stress, you simply skip over this
shape and transform into the next closest thing. For
example, if you are in Crinos and have chosen Glabro
as your restricted form, with two successes on a dice
roll, you change to Homid. It's as if the Glabro form
simply didn't exist for you.

Seizures

Youdon't go mad, but when youare under the gun,
you lose all control of your body. When you botch an
important roll, make a Willpower check at difficult 8.
Less than three successes means that you writhe un-

controllably until the Storyteller tells you to make

another roll. You can take no actions while experienc-

_ing a seizure.

~ Silver Hypersensitivity

Silver is extremely potent for you. When struck by
silver, you take an extra health level of damage; this
happens even if you are in Homid form. Your Gnosis is

reduced by 2 instead of 1 for every silver item you carry.
- Even prolonged exposure to silver makes you sick and

causes your skin to blister. Still, you have one slight
advantage in that you can sense presence of silver
easily by making a Perception + Medicine roll.

Third Eye

Stargazers are intrigued by the third eye in your
forehead, believing it allows you to see things in other
worlds, such as the Umbra. Whether you really can see
such things is up to the Storyteller. However, if Tremere
vampires ever spot you, they'll attack you on sight, and
you won't have a clue why.... Add +1 difficulty to all
Social rolls; despite the Stargazers' interests, other
werewolves find your deformity offensive.

Tough Hide

Your hide is like tough old leather; it's wrinkled
and dry with only spotty patches of hair. Your Appear-
ance can never be greater than | and you're plagued by
hot spots and unbearable itching. On the plus side, you
get +1 on soak rolls, but it's only a small advantage in
the face of your smelly, scratchy hide.

Wasting Disease

Maybe it's not a particular illness, but you have a
weak constitution. You cough and wheeze a lot and
can't keep up when the other werewolves trot along for
hours on end. Take a +2 difficulty on all Stamina rolls,
including rolls to shapeshift (but not soak rolls).

Weak Immune System

Unlike other Garou, you catch almost every germ
that comes along. Constantly sniffling and often suf-

103


fering from flulike symptoms, you don't have quite the
same ability to resist disease that others have. Because
of your condition, you have no Bruised Health Level;
when marking damage, begin at the Hurt level.

Weak Musculature

You may be graceful and have a good constitution,
but as far as how much weight you can lift, you're a
wimp. Your Strength in Crinos can never be greater
than 5; adjust accordingly for your other forms.
Other werewolves laugh at your puny muscles. 7

Withered Limb/Lame

You have four limbs, but one is withered or
paralyzed, possibly with atrophied muscles. De-
pending on your form, you can't walk well, and
your running is slower than that of other
werewolves. You incur a +2 Dexterity penalty when
trying to use this limb.

New Merits and Flaws

The Werewolf Player's Guide has a number of
interesting Merits and Flaws to flesh out any character.
In particular, many of the physical and supernatural
Merits and Flaws are appropriate; a hunchbacked
metis might also be supremely strong, or a mad metis
might exude the taint of corruption. This section
includes a few more that may be particularly appropri-
ate to metis. Remember that metis can get freebie
points for Flaws taken, if these are above and beyond
their chosen metis deformity.

Awareness
Compensatory Senses: (3 point Merit)

If your metis deformity involves weakened senses,
such as being hard of hearing or lacking a sense of
smell, another sense group has gotten a bit stronger
in order to compensate. Choose another sense group
and lower the difficulty by 2 for any rolls that
involve those senses.

Garou ‘Cies
Phantom Mask: (2 point Merit)

Your metis deformity is concealable with some
work. For example, you may be able to hide your
third eye under a scarf, or perhaps you have a
charm from a fae or wizard that hides your
deformity. This serves you just fine, unless
the other werewolves find out. They'll hate
you for being a coward in addition to what-
ever prejudices they have against metis, and
you'll be the object of particular scorn by other metis.

\

Wi a=:


Fertile Does Yot
a Metis Merit Make

Despite the events and characters detailed in
Rage Across the Heavens, which are an excep-
tional case, metis can't reproduce. Yet, you say,
why can't I create a Merit that would allow my
metis to have children? Well, the answer to that is
another question. Why play a metis if all you want
to do is circumvent part of what makes the char-
acter so interesting? Because the Garouas a people
are shrinking in numbers, reproduction is a major
thing. And not being able to help end the problem
of extinction is a part of why the metis are often
hated. Anything that tries to get around that
quintessential part of the metis identity smacks of
twinkism. 'Nuff said.

Human Society
Unnoticed: (2 point Merit)

Maybe they're just being polite, or else your defor-
mity doesn't matter to them. Whatever the reason,
humans, including Kinfolk, tend to ignore your metis
deformity. Some may even find it enticing or exotic.
Werewolves, on the other hand, tend to look at you
askance — this seems rather suspicious to them. Wolves
are even less forgiving.

Physical
Prosthesis: (3 point Merit)

If your character has a physical deformity or miss-
ing limbs, you've somehow obtained prosthetics to
compensate. This does not mean your deformity is
cured; when you can't wear the prosthetics, and many
homid and lupus dislike them, you've still got the
deformity and its limitations. However, these pros-
thetics may help offset some of your penalties when
worn (Storyteller discretion). This is acommon Merit
among Glass Walker metis.

Double Jeopardy: (S point Flaw)

You were born not with one, but two metis defor-
mities. These are incurable and cannot be eliminated
through experience points or events in the chronicle.
Gaia has either marked you for something special or
cursed you for some unknown reason.

Metamorph (6 point Merit)

Yes, this is the same Merit from the Players
Guide (pg. 21). However, there's one aspect of this

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born

Of APOE: CT PT ebay 7 /,

Merit that makes it particularly useful to metis: Metis
with this Merit are born able to shift their forms from
one to the other. Metis such as this are the ones you
hear about who turn from human infants to wolf cubs
while still in the crib. (Fengy, from the Central Park
setting, is one example.) Even when a metis with this
Merit is knocked unconscious, the difficulty to as-
sume whatever form she chooses is reduced to 7.
Nobody knows their body and its limitations better
than a Metamorph-blessed metis.

Metis Gifts

Metis usually find opportunities to learn Gifts few
and far between. They've had to make some strange
partnerships and bargains to gain access to powerful
caerns or non-metis elders willing to help them.

© Wriggle (Level Two) — Metis sometimes have
to hide in all the wrong places at the wrong times. With
this Gift, they can take best advantage of their sur-
roundings to get away and take a breather. The spirit
of a Cockroach teaches this Gift.

System: Spend a Gnosis point, and the Gift takes
effect immediately. For the rest of the scene, no matter
what her form, the metis can squeeze into a space no
less than half the size of her body. Storytellers should
make judgments on space limitations.

¢ Frozen Form (Level Three) — Homids and
lupus have no idea what it's like to grow up as a metis,
never changing from Crinos form for years upon years.
This Gift, taught by any aerial spirit, lets a metis gives
others a taste of what spending extended time in
Crinos is really like.

System: Spenda Willpower point and roll Stamina
+ Primal Urge, difficulty 6. For each success, the target
must spend one full day in Crinos, consecutively if
more than one success is rolled. This Gift works only
on other Garou, including Black Spiral Dancers.

¢ Badger's Heart (Level Four) — Metis often
possess angry hearts, and in their own way, they
have a keen understanding of Rage, no matter what
their auspice. This Gift allows them to affect the
Rage of other werewolves, causing their enemies to
expend more of it than necessary. A Badger-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: Spend a Gnosis point and roll Will-
power, difficulty 7. Three successes are necessary, but
if the roll is made, the target expends twice as many
Rage points as he normally would. For example, if
Merryk Winterchase successfully uses this Gift on
Mari Cabrah while they're in combat, each time she
spent one Rage point, she would actually use two,
without gaining the benefits of the second Rage
point. This Gift's effects last for a day.

105


© Twist of Fate (Level Five) — Some Stargazer
metis have used this Gift to deliver a fatal blow to
unsuspecting enemies, even knowing that the cost will
be their own lives. After a Garou has been dealt her
own deathblow, if she invokes this Gift, she may strike
her enemy once more ere she dies. It's bittersweet but
often leads to an enemy falling dead alongside the
metis warrior. This Gift is taught by a Cobra-spirit.

System: The player need only spend one Rage
point to get that final shot; no wound penalties apply.
The attack doesn't automatically land, although the
metis may spend Willpower to add to the attack roll's
successes (even though she's already spent Rage in the
turn). The metis' damage pool is increased by ten dice
—a metis' parting shot channels a lifetime of Rage,
and is almost always lethal.

Using Metis in a Chronicle

Because they're different and have such potential
for being screwed over — that is, character development
— metis can be a ton of fun to have in a chronicle, as
player and Storyteller characters alike.

Tying in Rage Across the Heavens

In Rage Across the Heavens, a major story arc
involves the player characters finding a "perfect" metis
cub. He's even the child of two metis, an impossible
event in itself. So doesn't this go against everything
you've read here? Not at all. The idea behind the birth
of this cub is that something big is about to happen.
This is the wildest news the Garou have had in centu-
ries; it's a climatic phenomenon of major proportions,
tied to many other equally significant signs and por-
tents. Or not — the material in Rage Across the
Heavens is set up to allow a Storyteller great flexibility
in telling the tale of the "perfect metis;" after all, it's
even possible that the cub will prove to be mad or
somehow aerormea'in a way that wasnt obvious trom
birth. If you're interested in running a nifty chronicle
set around this kind of exciting event, go get the
sourcebook. If not, don't; it's that simple. The
sourcebook police won't give a citation to your gaming
library. We promise. Really.

The Lone Metis

Storytellers with the time and player interest may
enjoy running a solo chronicle for a metis character.
Perhaps the metis has been kicked out of his sept for a
real or imagined offense. One theme of the chronicle
could be for him to prove the accusations wrong and
regain any standing he had with his packmates. Alter-
natively, the character could be sort of a lone wolf for

106

Guardians of the Caerns

gees ///,

justice, traveling around and righting various wrongs,
both on earth and in the Umbra. This gives the
Storyteller a lot of options for adventures, from the
mundane to the truly bizarre.

Metis as Enemy

Like anybody who's had a tough time of it, metis
can turn bad. Instead of always using Wyrm or Weaver
minions, why not have a potent metis be an important
villain in the chronicle? Perhaps she's acquired a few
powerful fetishes that give her the upper hand. Maybe
she has allies that hound the characters, so that she
doesn't reveal her hand too soon. The scariest thing
about this metis, aside from her obvious disregard for
Gaia and the werewolf way of life, is that she no longer
really thinks like a Garou. She doesn't have a pack
mentality, nor does she have respect for things like
rank and honor. Make sure you play up this part of her
personality; it should be at least as horrifying as what-
ever metis deformity she might have.

An All-Metis Pack

Ifthe players are amenable, why not runachronicle
with an all-metis pack? They've banded together out of
sheer need for companionship, but maybe they decide
to take the battle straight to the Wyrm. Perhaps
they've gained a little notoriety, not that it helps them
much in dealing with other packs. This kind of chronicle
probably involves a lot of combat with the occasional
angst thrown in for good measure.

Metis of Note

The following are present-day and historical metis
who've somehow made a mark on Garou society. Feel
free to incorporate them into your own chronicles as
friends, adversaries or werewolves of legend discussed
around the moot fires.

Bittersown

Many legends from all tribes describe the coming
of the first metis. The Children of Gaia spin a tale that
names the first metis as one of their own. Bittersown
was the child of a Silent Strider Theurge and a Child
of Gaia Philodox. Born hairless and pale under a full
moon at the end of the War of Rage, he became one of
the Garou's greatest warriors. After years of slaying
Wyrmish foes, he at last received accord and status
among the werewolves. Yet in his rise to fame was his
downfall. Marijika Foebreaker, ahomid Fenrir Galliard,
had once borne a metis pup and saw him killed before
her eyes. After years of shunning, she made a valiant


return by saving the life of an entire Silver Pack. As
reward, she demanded the right to single combat with
Bittersown, who was a living symbol of her hatred and
loss. In a battle that raged for hours, only by sacrificing
her own life was she able to defeat the metis warrior.
The Get of Fenris sing a slightly more heroic version of
her tale, of course, but the truth is that they both died
needlessly. Bittersown remains one of the greatest
heroes of the Children of Gaia and a paragon for metis
of any tribe.

Che First Ronin

On the other hand, other tales have it that the first
metis was not nearly so heroic. Many legends tell of the
First Ronin, and name him not only as the first Garou
to be cast out from his tribe but also as the first metis
ever born. According to these songs, the First Ronin
was feared and accursed from the moment of his birth.
His parents allegedly took pity on him and refused to
slay him after he was born, but eventually the tribal
elders decreed that he was a living embodiment of
crimes against the Litany, and that he had to be
banished from the tribes. Not even his parents spoke in
his defense, and he was cast from the warmth of the
caern. Full of spite and bitterness, he turned to the
Wyrm, and became first of the Garou to fall. For his
betrayal, he was rewarded with immortality — and the
freedom to kill the Garou who exiled him.

It's said that even today the First Ronin hunts and
kills, violating and slaying any Garou he catches alone.
His story is used as a cautionary tale, a warning to all
listeners against breaking the Litany. Although the
stories don't always agree on the identity of the tribe
that cast it out, many waning-moon Galliards of other
tribes have claimed that only the Children of Gaia
would have spared the first metis at birth — and thus
been responsible for giving the Wyrm the idea to
corrupt Garou in the first place. Needless to say, when
two Galliards duel with tales of Bittersown and the
First Ronin, there's likely to be a fight somewhere in
the caern before the night's through.

Zhiyuan

During the height of Mongol power in the plains
attheeast, amehischild washans ioe wandering Siher
Fang lupus. The pup's father was a Stargazer homid of
unknown nomadic blood, and he took the responsibil-
ity for raising the metis, a child born with a withered
foreleg and only one eye. After watching the young
Philodox take on great burdens and holding his own

Chapter Four: Not of Garou and Kin Born

| aia nine //,

with other pups, the father named him Zhiyuan, which
means ambitious. As he grew older, Zhiyuan gained
some grudging respect as a mediator among the
werewolves of the Asian steppes; his lack of an eye in
no way impaired his inner vision and foresight. He
brought peace where none had been before. Perhaps if
Zhiyuan had stayed on this path, he would have led a
better life. But fate intervened in the form of Kublai
Khan, who upon hearing of the young man's wisdom,
asked his attendance and advice at court. There,
Zhiyuan's foresight took a bloodthirsty turn. He be-
came embroiled in plots within plots and even used his
Gifts to help propel Kublai Khan to the pinnacle of
power. Zhiyuan's aged father and his pack turned
against him for having too many dealings with hu-
mans, and the once peace-loving Philodox ended his
days on a battlefield empty of Garou, with no honor
left. Stargazers sometimes share lessons about Zhiyuan
to show how werewolves must find balance between
their wolf and human selves.

Meryet-Aamose Sheshi

Born in the dark of the moon with weak arms and
legs, Meryet probably wouldn't have survived to First
Change in any tribe other than the Children of Gaia
or the Silent Striders. Fortunately, her Theurge mother
was of the latter, and she eagerly took her young child
with her on her many wanderings in the waking world
and the Umbral realms. Meryet did encounter preju-
dice and loathing but far less than that of some other
metis pups. As a result, she grew up a bit more content
with her lot. The Ragabash traveled with her mother
until the Theurge fell in battle with a powerful
Wyrmbeast, a creature Meryet later destroyed herself.
After that, Meryet pondered her next step in life. Did
she want to keep roving around aimlessly, or did she
want a purpose in life? Meryet then struck on the idea
of helping other metis pups. She'd had it fairly good,
thanks to her mother's wisdom and influence. What
about pups from other tribes? Surely they didn't fare so
well. Meryet made up her mind to be a surrogate
mother to unwanted metis. Now, she still travels, but
mostly to collect metis pups in order to find them
sanctuary with any tribes who will take them in. The
Ragabash has contacts all over the world, particularly
with the Children or'Gaia, Giass Walkers ana'Stargaz-
ers. Her new goal in life is to rescue as many Red Talon
metis as possible, a task that's proving more difficult
than she imagined, thanks to her own standing in
werewolf society.

107


Annie Licks-the-Wound Linden

Notall Black Furies think the metis are signs of the
Apocalypse. The Galliard Annie Licks-the-Wound
Linden is an outspoken proponent among her tribe
and indeed all werewolves for showing more mercy to
metis. Her own deformity, an unfortunate propensity
to fall into a seizure during battles, severely limited her
usefulness to the Black Furies, and her pack might well
have cast her out. However, they also discovered her
aptitude for healing, particularly the dire wounds from
claws or silver. Now Annie tags along when a big fight
is a sure thing. She heals the fighters so they can keep
on battling the tribe's enemies, and she can do it faster

and easier than anyone else. Annie is now much
sought after, by the Furies and others. Lately, though,
she's been taking her message about metis and their
place in Garou society to moots and councils. Annie
believes that all children, particularly those of werewolf
blood, are precious and should never be outcast. Rather,
they are members of the tribe and should be given the
opportunity to make the contributions they can; Annie
swears that if metis are granted such a chance, they'll
outperform even the highest expectations every time.
Her sharp tongue is actually winning over support in
some circles, but at the same time, she's gaining a lot
of enemies. Much of how metis will fare in the future
may depend on this Galliard's continued efforts.

108 Guardians of the Caerns

ELD Ps ST TI eile //

|