# File: Gypsies.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


A World of Darkness:

The Outsider Within

A woman drew her long black hair out tight
And fiddled whisper music on those strings
And bats with baby faces in the violet light
Whistled, and beat their wings ...

— TS. Eliot, The Waste Land

One group can survive slipping through the cities, riding through the country, and in all the worlds between.
One group has appeared at all the turning points in history, playing its quiet, subtle role before slipping off once
again. These are the Gypsies, a people never accepted anywhere, yet always found everywhere.

They have a unique story, these special people, and a unique voice to tell it. No group has seen what they have
seen. No group has accomplished what they have. And no group can play the role the Gypsies will.

by Teeuwynn

Credits:

Written By: Teeuwynn

Edited By: Erin Kelly

Developed By: Andrew Greenberg

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Tom Berg, Robert MacNeill, E. Allen Smith,

Anthony Tabbold

Full Page Art: Brian LeBlanc
Front Cover Art: Drew Tucker
Front & Back Cover Design: Robert Dixon

PA Yea) 735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
AE SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

CAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except
for the purposes of reviews, and blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vam-
pire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are reg-
istered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, World of Darkness and
World or Darkness Gypsies are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All char-
acters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company
or product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings,
characters and themes. All mystical and supernatu-
ral elements are fiction and intended for entertain-
ment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com;
alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

Special Thanks to:

Andrew "Keys Please" Greenberg, for ensuring that
all White Wolf trips are as easy and painless as possible.

Ken "Bo" Cliffe, for turning his hair into a 10.

Bill "Graphically Yours" Bridges, for selflessly vol-
unteering to work on the Werewolf graphic novel.

Phil "Slippery When Wet" Brucato, for telling us
more about that chamber than we needed to know.

Mike "Ghost ofa Gift" Tinney, forall the money he
spent on Mike Chaney's birthday present.

Tan "Wyldling" Lemke, for actually volunteering to
work on Changeling.

Jennifer "Dedication" Hartshorn, for what she
wrote in Tinney's present to Chaney.

Cynthia "Driven From Ohio" Summers, for her
tales about the Midwest S.C.A.

Erin "Slow Learner" Kelly, for still enjoying her
work. She'll learn better.

Word from the White
Wolf Game Studio

I have never written a solemn "Word from
White Wolf" before, but this case is worth making
an exception for. Robert Bloch, author of Psycho,
Mysteries of the Worm, and other seminal works of
horror and fantasy, has passed away at the age of 77.
White Wolf will publish his last story, "Scent of
Vinegar," in its first Dark Destiny anthology, Dark
Destiny: The World of Darkness.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Contents

Introduction 4
| Chapter One: The History of the Rom 10
' Chapter Two: The People 20
Chapter Three: The Gypsy 40
\ Chapter Four: The Magic 58
Chapter Five: Families of Power 82

Chapter Six: Gypsy Chronicles

Contents


4 A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Introduction

people, even today, ten million years later, still say

that Gypsies know everything

And it's true. They lived

well in those days, and we live even better

— Lazaros Harisiadis, Greek Gypsy (trans-
lated by: Diane Tong), Gypsy Falk Tales

The vampires skulk in the looming shadows of their
undying world of politics and pain. The werewolves
known as Garou battle desperately, and perhaps hope-
lessly, to save the world they call Gaia. The mages, and
faeries too, work to shape the world for their own devices.
But not the Rom, not the Gypsies.

Those of the Blood of Daenna know their place in the
World of Darkness. The Gypsies recognize the plotting and
battles behind the Masquerade of the vampires, the
werewolves' Veil, the mages' intrigues, the Underworld of
the wraiths, and even the faerie hills' whispers. Knowledge
is both gift and curse to the Rom. Forever isolated from
other humans by their Blood and ways, the Rom await with
curiosity their role in the upcoming Convergence. Since
the first Gypsy walked the earth, individual Romani have
played critical roles at important points in history. As the
wildcards at the Convergence, the Rom expect to put ona
particularly impressive show.

orld of Darkness: Gypsies provides full details on
generating and playing Gypsy characters. It also gives
the history of the Rom and information about the Gyp-

sies' current role in the Gothic-Punk world. While the
book itself is written with human Gypsy characters in
mind, it also provides useful background information
and new Abilities for those players who wish to run
Ravnos Kindred or Silent Strider Garou,

By itself this book does not contain enough informa-
tion to run a campaign world. Gypsies should be used in
conjunction with one or more Storytelling games such as
Vampire: The Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse, or Mage: The Ascension to add depth to the
chronicle.

Theme

The theme of World of Darkness: Gypsies is the
ocial

intimacy of the outsider. Gypsies are castaway:
outcasts in the World of Darkness. They are distrusted,
hated, and even persecuted by the other inhabitants of
the world. Most folks would probably just prefer to forget
they exist at all. Yet, it is this same outcast status that

Introduction

helps the Gypsies preserve their culture, and even more
importantly, provides the Romani with their uniquely
penetrating view of the world.

Gypsies can recognize all the forces competing for
power in the world, assess all the angles, and thus develop
more perceptive insights into the workings of the world.
Unlike the other groups tussling for power and su-
premacy, the Gypsies are far enough removed from the
melee to see the patterns of politics, the ebb and flow of
conflict. All things become clear from a distance.

Although they may seem marginalized to the world
at large, the Gypsies actually understand far more about
the World of Darkness than doany of the so-called major
players, and this may well prove to be their salvation.

Or their damnation.

Mood

The mood of World of Darkness: Gypsiés is one of
destiny. The Rom are the children of fate, and every
member of every kumpania of young Rom who goes
romping off on tour believes that she will play a key role
in the destiny of the world — and she may well be right.
Each Gypsy carries within herself the potential for great-
ness. The knowledge of the world is locked within her
veins, within her soul. Unlike the other people who
inhabit the world, the Gypsies know they are special

No matter how much persecution a Gypsy faces, no
matter how bad the odds seem, the knowledge of her
birthright and the sureness in her destiny keep the Rom
from ever giving up, from ever truly losing hope. The
brightness of her belief is a beacon in the claustrophobic
darkness of the world, and no matter how bleak the
present, a Gypsy always has the future — and the past.

Ofcourse, the mood may vary widely from chronicle
to chronicle. It is up to the Storyteller to determine what
aspects of the Gypsies' reality he wishes to emphasize and
which he will let fade into the background. However, the
knowledge of the Gypsies' destiny is always present, even
in the darkest of chronicles.

Through a Mirror
Darkly

The Romani inhabiting the World of Darkness bear
a resemblance to the Gypsies of our world, but they are
a distinct breed. Much of the persecution inflicted upon
them is the same as that inflicted upon the Gypsies of our
world. Similarly, the Romany words and general philoso-

6 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

phy on life, found within this book, echo the philoso-
phies and language of our world's Gypsies. However, the
Gypsies described within this book have stepped through
the looking glass and have been transformed in the
process. Some parts of their lives have been magnified a
thousand fold, while others have been stripped away
altogether, or nearly so. Persecution in the World of
Darkness is perhaps. bit worse, if that is possible, and the
magic that forms the framework of their lives is more
than the magic of the road — it is the magic of the Blood.

Prejudice and pain permeate both the World of
Darkness and the "real" world. The Gypsies have re-
ceived more than their fair share of injustice in both. As
you read this, the Romani of our world face poverty,
ignorance and a new tide of hatred. The Gypsies of our
world are no sainted martyrs; many would probably treat
the gaje as poorly as they themselves are treated, if they
were given the chance. Unfortunately, our world offers
countless examples of victims who, in their turn, take up
the knife of persecution and wield it as eagerly as did their
persecutors before them.

The Rom of our world do not have the advantage of
knowing that they are a race protected by fate, as do the
Gypsies in the World of Darkness. Instead, they face the
daunting task of keeping the remnants of their way of life
intact in the face of increasing efforts by hostile or
"concerned" governments, who refuse the Gypsies en-
trance to their countries, or place them in ghettoized
communities resembling prisons, or attempt to assimi-
late the Gypsies into their culture, "for their own good."

There is very little certain about the future of the
Gypsies in our world. However, despite all the hardships
and persecution, the Gypsies have always retained a
sparkling sense of humor, of balance, of life. It takes a
courageous and free-thinking people to walk their own
path, to take the road less traveled. And the Gypsies
have done just that.

e e

The following are good sources of information on the
Gypsies of our world and folklore regarding Gypsies and
wandering people of all kinds. Most of these books are
telatively easy to locate. The journals of the Gypsy Lore
Society are harder to find, but give an eclectic and interest-
ingview of Gypsies through the eyes of their gaje chroniclers.

Bettelheim, Bruno, The Uses of Enchantment: The
Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales.

Cotten, Rena, Russian Gypsy Tales.

Introduction

Ficowski, Jerzy, The Gypsies in Poland.

Hancock, Ian, The Pariah Syndrome: An Account of
Gypsy Slavery and Persecution.

Tong, Diane, Gypsy Folk Tales.
Yoors, Jan, The Gypsies.
The collected journals of the Gypsy Lore Society.

Romani Lexicon

IN Romany is a language with literally bsndreds of
\ dialects. It is also an oral language: There is no "official"
written version of Romany. The words below compose a
common argot taken from a variety of different Romany
dialects, ranging from Slovak to Brazilian.
Amria — (Ahm-REE-ah) A curse or violent oath.
Angustri— (angh-GOOS-tree) A ring, often magi-
cal in nature.
Baba — (BAH-ba) Old woman. A term of respect.
Bater — (BAH-ter) A term meaning "so be it" used
to conclude deals or other arrangements.
Baxt — Good luck.
Bujo — (BOO-zhoh) An elaborate swindle to gain
&\ something, usually money, from a gaje.
iN Deltumnimos — (del-TOOHM-nee-mos) Literally,
IN "God's embrace," a magical potion that expands the
abilities of the imbiber's mind.
Dhartime — (DAHR-ti-mey) A Gypsy touched by,
or "claimed" by the element of earth.
Diklo — (DEEK-loh) A heavy scarf often weighted
and used as a weapon.
Dilo — (DEE-loh) A fool or imbecile.
Dook — (Dook) The Sight, or magic in general.
Draba — (DRAH-bah) Amulets and other items of
magical power.
Drabarne — (drah-BAR-ney) Gypsy mages skilled
at creating draba.
Dukkerin — (DOOK-er-in) The art of fortune-
telling or the use of the Sight.
Gaje — (GAH-zhey) Any non-Gypsy.
Giorgio — (JOOR-gee-oh) Another term for a non-
Gypsy.
Jastima — (ZSHAH-tsee-mah) A Gypsy touched
by, or "claimed" by the element of water.
Jhanaki — (ZSHAH-NAH-kee) A Gypsy touched
by, or "claimed" by the element of air.
Kumpania — (KOOM-pah-ne-yah) A group of
Gypsies who live and travel together, often, but not
always, an extended family.

Mn

ete

WN)

*\
)

yy

8 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Kumpaniyi — (KOOM-pah-ne-yee) Plural of
kumpania.

Kuyan — (KOO-yahn) A Gypsy touched by, or
"claimed" by the element of fire.

Marhime — (MAH-ree-mey) Unclean or impure.
Any who have defiled their Blood. The opposite of
wuzho.

Mule — (MOOH-ley) A ghost or spirit of the dead.

Mule-vi— (MOOH-ley-vee) A medium or an item
capable of reaching the world of the dead.

Paramitsha — (pah-rah-MEESH-tah) Gypsy fairy
tales.

Patteran — (PAH-tehr-an) The special Blood Af-
finity of the Phuri Dae, or an important symbol or other
piece of information.

Pena — (PEEN-ah) Sister.

Phral —(Frahl) A full-Blooded Gypsy, or true Rom.

Phuri Dae — (FOO-ree Dah-EE) One of the Gypsy
families of power. Also any wise woman or woman with
magical powers.

Posta — (POH-sta) A sacrifice, usually ritual in
nature.

Prala — (PRAH-lah) Brother.

Prikaza — (PREEK-ka-za) Bad luck.

Rom— (Rohm) The Gypsy race or an individual of
Gypsy Blood.

Romany — (ROH-mah-nee) The Gypsy language,

in all its dialects.

Satarma — (sah-TAHR-ma) Star. Also a Gypsy
touched by, or "claimed" by the element of spirit.

Shilmulo — (SHEEL-moo-loh) A vampire. One of
the "cold dead."

Talith— (TAH-leth) A Romani weapon consisting
of aheavy scarf (diklo) weighted and barbed along each
end, or the art of using one of these weapons.

Tsurara — (TSOO-rah-rah) The Knife Tribe of
Gypsies. One of the newest, and most radical, families of
power,

Tumnimos — (TOOM-nee-mos) The vampiric
embrace.

Vardo — (VAR-doh) A Romani wagon, camper,
RV, etc.

Wuzho — (WOO-zhoh) Pure, untainted. The op-
posite of marhime.

Zapaderin — (zah-PAH-der-in) A unique, hypno-
tiing Romani dance form and Blood Affinity.

Introduction

10 A World of Darkmess: Gypsies


Chapter One:
The History

of the Rom

To him that overcometh will I give to eat of the tree

of life

— Revelations 2:7, The King James Bible

Come in, little one. Come in. You mustn't
scrape at the door

as if you were some sort of
mongrel pup begging for scraps. You are Rom, and
the Blood of the ages flows in your veins.

Ath, see tay vulgarity has startled you. This
evening we shall speak of many things far more
startling than certain bodily fluids. Tonight you
shall learn a great deal more of your heritage than

most of our race now know or care to remember.
The young too often are distracted by what my
great-granddaughter calls "the neon and flash,"

Chapter One: The History of the Rom

and do not look beyond the obvious. But never
mind, when it is time we shall each do what we are
meant to do. You too, little one

Bring me that blanket in the far corner... Yes,
you have it. Now sit down and I shall truly begin,
Are you comfortable? Good. You will not be so for
long.

Weare an ancient people, and we have many,
many clans. Our folk have traveled the world. We
have witnessed the rise and fall of innumerable
tions, great and small, yet we have always
remained apart. It is our destiny. Our way. The

civi

A World of Darkness: Gyp:

gaje often accuse us of being mere thieves and con
artists, but that is only because they believe one
can truly "own" something forever. We know that
no one really owns anything; so we simply borrow
items for a while.

In recent times, others have tried to get us to
settle down and become part of their sedentary
culture. Sometimes they coerce, sometimes they
use temptation, and often they resort to brute
force. This is simply a subtle attempt to destroy us.
Hitler and his fellows, and others like them, were
more direct. But although they ma
the thousands, they could not destroy the Rom

sacred us by

Why are we so hated, so feared? Why are the
gaje so suspicious of us? They certainly have more
to fear from their own people than they could ever
have to fear from us. It is because they sense our
otherness, our power. In the end it is the Blood
that makes us what we are: guardians of knowl-
edge.

You wish to interrupt, to question. That is
good. But for now you must remain patient and
allow an old woman to ramble. If you listen care-
fully, you will learn much this night, and tomorrow
you may return with your questions. It is certain
that I have heard them before

The Phuri Dae, our clan, are the true keepers
of knowledge among the Rom. We have honed
the magic of our Blood, learning more about both
the future and the past than other families. We are
the true mages and the lore keepers, although
many other families have their fair share of both

Did you know our family was named for the
woman who was the mother of the Rom? It is so.
Her name was Dana.
mother in most dialects of Romany. $
mother of us all, and it is her story you will now
hear.

Zven today "Dae" means

he was the

Daenna was a woman of surpa
both spiritual and physical. Strong and tall, she
had a mind as sharp as the keenest blade. She lived
in one of the very first cities ever built, a grand
place of shining buildings and laughing people.

sing beauty,

One night Daenna met a tall man with eyes as
bright as diamonds — and with a mind to match.
Soon they became the fastest of friends, and more.
Although he could have been with any woman in


the city, Daenna intrigued him most; and so the
man, Dracian, showered her parents with the
finest silks and spices, and the two became as one.

On the morning of their wedding, Daenna's
only brother confronted her, claiming he did not
trust the handsome groom who had so easily bought
her from the family. Smiling, Daenna folded her
young brother, Sarrath, into her arms and held the
boy who was still shy of his full growth. Ashamed
of his tears and unaccountably angry, Sarrath
backed away from his sister. Heated words fol-
lowed as Sarrath pleaded with Daenna to remain
at home. For her part, Daenna asked her brother
to be reasonable and to accept her love for Dracian.

Realizing Daenna would not be moved, Sarrath
cried out that he could not remain in the house of
their parents, or even in the city itself, unless it
was with Daenna. "Live with us, then," Daenna
challenged, but such a look of fear and rage swept
over Sarrath's features that she had to look away.
When she turned back, Sarrath was gone. Daenna
hoped that Sarrath would soon return, but he did
not. Although her family searched for months,
they found no sign of Sarrath.

Despite Sarrath's strange outburst, the cer-
emony of union went on. Dracian took Daenna to
his home, a palatial manor of carved stone. On
that night, the night of their wedding, Dracian
came to Daenna and sat next to her on the silken
pillows of the bedchamber. Bending over her
scented body, Dracian began whispering secrets
into Daenna's ear.

That night, and in the nights to come, Daenna
learned much from Dracian. But she did not learn
from her husband the one thing she had expected
to be taught. Instead Dracian whispered to Daenna
of his death and rebirth, for her husband was one
of the shilmulo, the vampires, some few of whom
resided in the city.

In that ancient time, vampires and mortals
lived together in peace, unlike in present days.
Having learned her beloved's nature, Daenna will-
ingly allowed Dracian to drink of her blood.
However, she never drank of his, no matter how
many times he offered. Even then, at the start, our
people were ever-wary of the potency of the Blood.

Chapter One: The History of the Rom 13


Dracian taught Daenna many things; he spoke
of the werewolves and the faeries, and of the
ghosts of the departed who remain yet near the
residents of the living world. He also spoke to he:
of both magic and science. All these things and
more Daenna learned. It is said their arguments
and discussions often echoed throughout the
manor's marbled corridors from dusk until dawn.

Dracian was especially fascinated with experi-
ments designed to control his physical needs and
desires. Then, as today, many vampires attempted
to reach a state of peace, a state in which they
come to terms with the Beast raging in their very
souls. So Dracian searched.

But over many years, Dacian had discovered

a way to do something no one else, mortal or
immortal, has since been able to duplicate
Through esoteric and intellectual labors we can
only guess at, Dracian created a tree.

Do not laugh, little one. This was no ordinary
tree he had created, no simple map
although I challenge you to create even one blade
of grass from nothing, | did not mispeak when |
said that he created a tree. This tree was the most
beautiful, most perfect tree ever created; and one
day Dracian showed Daenna the tree.

or pine —

Standing in the garden, among the arched
palms and scented blossoms, Daenna stared long
and hard at the small, wizened tree ofpwhich
Dacian' was so proud. Its gnarled brancfles were
adorned with delicate, feathery leaves the color of
sea foam shot through with golden veins. The
bark was rough, but gave an impression of trans-
parency and delicacy, reminding Daenna of the
fragile'wings:of the dragonfly. ‘The tree was:the
embodiment of life and knowledge, full in its age
and beauty.

Stepping closer, the mother of usall noticed a
single, golden fruit that was protected and sur-
rounded by the largest of the leaves, as a mother
hugs her newborn child to her nurturing breast.
The fruit fairly vibrated, its golden color was so

strong and true. Daenna's mouth watered as she

gazed longingly at the fruit's juice-ripened perfec-
tion.

Instinctively, she reached for the beautiful
fruit. With the preternatural swiftness of his kind,
Daenna's shilmulo husband caught her hand and
whirled Daenna to face him. His alabaster face
and diamond eyes held Daenna's gaze as Dracian
spoke to her of the Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge.

Even we, the Phuri Dae, know little of what
Dracian told Daenna of the wondrous tree. But
what we do know I will now impart to you.

Dracian told Daenna that the single fruit now
maturing on the tree would soon be powerful
enough to grant him surcease from his ever-present
thirst for the blood. His body and soul would be
forever freed of the powerful hunger of the Beast
within. Dracian also spoke of other powers and
abilities he might gain upon ingesting the fruit.
Unfortunately, we do not know the exact powers
Dracian spoke of that night, but we can guess at
some of them based on our own experiences as
Rom.

Upon hearing this wondrous news, Daenna
wept tears of joy and amazement for her husband.
Nestling on the ground, wrapped in their cloaks,
Dracian and Daenna spent what was left of the
evening speaking of the future.

As the first fingers of dawn spilled over the
garden wall, Dracian sank into the dank earth
below to sleep beside his tree until night and
shadow once again laid their claim to the garden.
Laying her face against the ground in which her
beloved slumbered, Daenna tarried in the cool-
ness of the garden, listening to the splash of water
in the fountains and the calling of birds in the
trees. It was then she heard the first faint sounds
of a struggle. The mingling curses, screams, sting-
ing blows and dull thumps were the harbingers of
the destruction of Daenna's peaceful and serene
world — and the first birth pangs of a new age.

Our mother did not even have time to enter
her household proper before the first blows struck
the wooden door leading from her courtyard gar-
den to the road beyond. For a long moment, terror
seized Daenna, and she froze, as unable as Dracian
to move in that forever instant. Watching in

Chapter One: The History of the Rom


horrified fascination, Daenna saw cracks begin to
form in the door, and her body flinched in sympa-
thy with each blow.

At that moment, or so it is said, the wind
shifted ever so slightly, bringing the liquid-sweet
scent of the Tree of Knowledge into her aware-
ness. Realizing that no one else must possess the
immense power of the tree and its fruit, Daenna
carefully plucked the fruit and placed it within a
pocket of her flowing skirts. Fetching a still-sput-
tering torch from the garden wall, Daenna paused
but one moment, her eyes sliding involuntarily to
the plot of earth under which her immortal hus-
band rested, before setting fire to the Tree of
Knowledge. As the delicate branches caught fire,
wilting before her eyes, Daenna backed slowly
away from the destruction of her husband's work,
many lifetimes of toil lost in only a few moments
of flame.

Turning and fleeing, Daenna managed to reach
the shadows of her home's arched entrance hall
before the garden door gave way to the hail of

World of Darkness: Gypsies

violent blows. Pressing her way into the kitchens,
Daenna searched frantically for somewhere to
hide. Already she could hear the voices of strang-
ers, shattering the fragile tranquillity and tapestried
privacy of her home.

Moving deeper into the building, Daenna
stepped lightly on the cool stones of the corridor's
flooring, coming at last to her personal suite of
rooms. Shutting and locking her door, our ances-
tor began gathering a few items to take with her in
flight. It was then she saw the animal waiting
beside her bed.

As the beating of her heart thundered in her
ears, Daenna prepared to fight the huge wolf,
which was rising from its great haunches to attack
her. The beast's massive jaws and its dark hair,
matted with blood, filled Daenna's senses, but she
did not turn away.

NG

Wi


But, even as it rose to rip out her throat, the
thing changed. Limbs flowing like butter on a
skillet, the beast became at the same time some-
thing more and something less: a human.

Gasping in shock, Daenna stared at the large
man now f.
to see rolling down his whiskered jowls. For here,
standing before her, was Daenna's own brother
Sarrath. Sarrath had disappeared over a decade
earlier, but there was no mistaking his identity.

cing her, tears she had never thought

Long moments passed as Sarrath quickly told
Daenna a tale of discovery, denial, terror, and
hard-won acceptance of his heritage. Daenna could
spare little time for questions as the sounds of the
search grew ever-nearer to the reunited siblings.
But she could not help but ask two things of
Sarrath: How had he found her? And why was he
standing here now?

Moving so close to Daenna that her senses
were filled with his harsh, musky odor, Sarrath
quietly explained how he had searched for her in

Chapter One: The History of the Rom

the streets of the Ivory City. Over the course of
time he found her, but did not wish to approach
the wife ofa shilmulo, for vampires and werewolves
were already warring with one another. By this
time, werewolves were being killed with impunity
by the shilmulo masters of the city
tospare Daenna the anguish of either he or Dracian

arrath wanted

dying at the hands of the other.

In response to his sister's second question,
Sarrath told of how he had become friends with
certain soldiers in the employ of Amriat, a pow
ful vampire. Amriat knew that the city would
soon collapse into chaos and that Dracian was

near to achieving his goal of creating a unique
fruit that would give any
undreamt power. So Amriat instructed his soldiers
toattack at dawn of this day. Knowing that Daenna
would be attacked and then murdered by the

vampire heretofore-

soldiers, Sarrath had decided that he must come to
her aid


As Sarrath poured forth his brief story, the
memories of their shared childhood came flooding
back to Daenna. Sarrath was family and she must
trust him. Nothing mattered more than that simple
fact. Thus decided, Daenna led her brother to a
secret ladder which emptied into the under-city
on which their own Ivory City was built. The two
barely avoided capture.

Sarrath led Daenna to the dwelling of their
distant cousins, where he had stayed when he first
returned to the city. Kindred to the werewolves,
and some themselves Garou, they would grant the
hunted siblings refuge until the furor died out.

Thus Daenna and Sarrath arrived at the small,
mud-brick home of their cousins, where they spent
the night. Collapsing in exhaustion, the two slept
together by the meager fire, back to back as is
proper. Daenna fell asleep listening to her brother's
soft breathing, an odd sound to one used to laying
her head against her shilmulo beloved's silent
chest.

Unfortunately for Daenna and Sarrath, it was
not yet dawn when the demanding shouts of sol-
diers aroused the entire household. Furious with
his soldiers' inability to find anything but the
blackened remains of the tree, Amriat had or-
dered a house-by-house search. Ah! Such evil! It
is no wonder amria now means curse in our lan-
guage, for Amriat was surely a curse upon our
mother.

As many unfortunates soon discovered, sol-
diers stood at the city gates, attempting to keep
the first refugees from leaving what was soon to be
the site of massive destruction. As those who live
behind walls often discover, their so-called pro-
tection all too readily becomes their prison.

Before Daenna, Sarrath, and their cousins
could do more than sit up, the door opened and
several soldiers ducked inside the low entrance.
Instinctively Sarrath maneuvered his massive body
between his sister and the strangers. Daenna could
hear the low growl of challenge in Sarrath's throat
as she hunted desperately in her skirts for the
golden fruit.

Seizing upon the treasure, Daenna pulled it
from her pocket. Even as the soldiers ordered all
those within to submit toa search, Daenna glanced

one last time at the faintly glowing fruit. Its skin
appeared almost liquid in its firelit beauty as
Daenna carefully carved it in two and plucked five
rounded seeds from its silver-veined flesh. Placing
these in a locket she wore by her heart, Daenna
brought the Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge to her
lips and bit into its glory. Once tasted, the fruit
was quickly consumed and in that union of the
Fruit of the Tree and the flesh of our mother were
born the Rom.

I have heard no tale teller or story spinner
attempt to describe what Daenna must have felt
when the fruit burned its splendor into her body
and soul. Not even Black Ellen, who can cause her
listeners to feel the heat of flames or the aching of
love with but a few words, would attempt to
describe that moment. It is beyond all words,
beyond all ken.

Much later, Daenna awoke to find herself
being carried in her brother's arms through the
milling crowds of refugees waiting to escape the
city. Staring into the quiet desperation of the
crowd, Daenna willed them to move, to be free.
And they were. With one voice, the refugees
surged toward the gates, suddenly impassioned
and empowered by their need to be free.

Shocked by the sudden Cnange in the crowd,
the guards were quickly overwhelmed, and thus
Daenna and Sarrath passed unnoticed through
the gates of the doomed city.

Daenna and Sarrath never stopped traveling
from that day onward. Through the years, Daenna
chose others to join them. Daenna lived many
years, as long as most shilmulo, it is said, and she
was the mother of some say ten, and others say ten
tens, of Gypsies. And each of her children was
special, for in each burned the same impa
magical Blood of their mother. Many had fantas-
tic abilities, although none were as powerful as
Daenna.

One day Daenna, still youthful and beautiful,
took one of her own great-granddaughters aside
and presented her with the locket and the Seeds.
Telling the chosen one that the Gypsies were to
always be the Guardians of the Seeds of Knowl-
edge, Daenna instructed her descendant to keep
the Seeds safe, always carrying them next to her
breast.

ioned,

18 A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Daenna taught her descendants much of the
ways of magic and of using the Sight. She spoke to
them as Dracian had once spoken to her, and her
children listened and learned. When she felt she
had taught us all we needed, she left us. Where she
went is unknown to this very day. Perhaps she
lives on still, as ageless and immortal as the most
powerful faeries and vampires. Perhaps one day
she will return to tell us once again the many
secrets we have lost. Yet despite our loss of knowl-
edge, we still know more than any other people of
the true workings of the world on all its myriad
levels.

Over the centuries, the Gypsies grew as a
people, bat always we traveled. Others could sense
our strangeness, could sense the magic of our
Blood, and were frightened by it. They still are.
Today we are many, but the families have frac-
tured and few remember all or most of the lessons
we once knew so well. But we still have great
knowledge. It is unfortunate that so many of the
purest families have begun to war with each other,
but not all members of the warring families sup-
port these battles. Our true future lies in the, oung
who embrace all of the Rom, for we are all of the
same family, all of the same mother, and all of the
same Blood.

No matter what, you must remember that,
young one, or you will have sullied your heritage,
becoming marhime, impure. I am tired now and
need my rest. Sleep on these truths, dream on
them, but first, stir up the embers of the fire.

Chapter One: The History of the Rom 19

20 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Cha

plier Too:

The' People

You're an accident
Waiting to happen

» You're a piece of glass

Left there on the beach

ear

The Romani (often referred to as the Gypsies)
are an old and unusual people whose history remains
hidden in the mists of the past. Stories passed down
through time from parent to child weave the tapestry
of the Rom's heritage. Like all great works of art, the
stories are often embellished. While some of the
work may be true in fact, much is only true in
essence. Of course, some sections of the work have
been made up whole cloth just for the hell of it. After
all, the Romani people understand the importance
ofplay. The Rom know notall stories and legends are
true; but which are fact and which fancy is not of
great importance to them.

Even today, the Romani transmit their history
orally, with outsiders responsible for most written
treatises on these people. Since the Romani feel it is

"Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses"

both proper and wise to bend and even break the
truth when dealing with the gaje, such texts are
certainly suspect to a far greater degree than what
the Rom tell one another

The Gypsies hold a unique position in the world.
Gypsy families can be found in most of the world's
countries, from Brazil to Russia, the United States to
India. Some have settled down in one city, taking
part in the underground economy of the area; but
most still travel from place to place, although these
traveling Gypsies tend to have a fairly set route that
they follow every year. The Gypsies are a varied
people with seemingly little in common besides
their loyalty to each other and the value they place
in a freewheeling lifestyle. But each true Gypsy also
has one other thing in common: the Blood.

Chapter Two: The People a


The Blood has been transmitted through many
generations from Daenna, the original Gypsy woman
who ate of the Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge. The
Blood grants the Gypsies unique powers and abili-
ties, but it also carries a price. Gypsies have been
persecuted for millennia. Gaje sense the Gypsies'
"otherness," and shy away in distrust and even ha-
tred of the mysterious strangers. Although few of
today's Gypsies realize the true power and responsi-
bility they carry within, some of the best-schooled
remember, and pass the knowledge on to their de-
scendants and apprentices, who pass it on again in
turn.

Around campfires in the Balkans and over mi-
cro-nuked meals in trailer parks, the Gypsies tell
their children the stories of their past.

The information found in this chapter will give
Storytellers and players an idea of what it means to
be a member of the Romani, a true Gypsy, in the
World of Darkness. The chapter presents an over-

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

view of the lifestyle, ethos and traditions of the
average Gypsy. Remember, though, that no Gypsy is
truly average, and each member of the Rom keeps
the fires of her own individuality burning fiercely in
her heart.

The Lifestyle

The fabulous freaks are leaving town
They are driven by a strange desire
Unseen by the human eye
— Dead Can Dance, "The Carnival is Over"
The Gypsies have been a traveling people ever
since Daenna and Sarrath first fled the Ivory City
amid a vast sea of refugees. Over the years, various
families and factions have formed as the Gypsies
spread and multiplied, each becoming more special
ized in the process. Yet each family continues to hold
dear the freedom of the road.


For many years, Gypsies traveled from town to
town in wagons known as vardos. A few Gypsy
families maintain this practice even today, but most
Gypsies have been forced to adjust their old lifestyle
to the onset of technology. In fact, many Gypsies
have been unusually creative, cleverly adapting new
technologies to their own advantage. Modern Gyp-
sies travel North America in caravans consisting of
trailer homes, Cadillacs and Harleys; some even
have computer systems to enhance their eclectic
businesses. Laptops and other forms of portable tech-
nology have become particularly valued amongmany
Gypsies.

Gypsies have grown particularly fond of mo-
dems, traveling the burgeoning information highway
with the same panache they do the cracked blacktop
of the interstates. Although Gypsies are, as yet, a
minor presence on the net, they are beginning to
make an impact by running electronic scams and
creating magically altered modems, which can crack
security mea

ures or even pilfer information from

any computer that has ever hooked into the net.
Many other electronic devices have been altered or
refined to extract money from automatic teller ma-
chines, charge items on gaje credit cards, and perform
other useful business dealings.

During the past century, many governments
have stepped up efforts to coerce, bribe, or evenforce
the Gypsies to give up their traveling lifestyle (when
they aren't busy trying to kick the Gypsies out
altogether! ). Governments can't stand a large group
of individuals that refuses to be labeled, marked and
categorized. A Gypsy changes her Social Security
number (ifshe even has one) as easily as youraverage
American would change a tire. This type of behavior
and constant movement make it extremely difficult
for governments to monitor Gypsies, and just about
impossible for governments to control them.

Most governments also try to force Gypsies to
keep their children in normal schools — which the
Gypsies refuse to do, preferring to educate their
children in their own manner. The education re-
ceived by young Romani is usually quite different
than that of most children, and this separation helps
the Gypsies maintain their own traditions and cul-
ture amidst the pressures of modern civilization.

Sit my friends and listen

Put your glasses down

Sit my friends and listen

To the voices of the drowned

— The Pogues, "The Wake of the Medusa"

There is no such thing as a written version of
Romany, the language of the Gypsies. Although
there are numerous dialects of Romany, it is a purely
oral language, with history and traditions passing
verbally from generation to generation. This helps
ensure that information sacred to the Rom will not
be discovered by outsiders.

It also means that many young Gypsies do not
learn how to read and write, or are barely literate in
any language. In the modern world, this can be a
large barrier to the Gypsies, although some clans
have begun to allow their children to stay in school
just long enough to learn these basic skills, but not
long enough to become slaves tothe government.

Persecution
We are not racists.
We are only against Gypsies.
— Anonymous protester in an anti-Gypsy
demonstration

For as long as there have been Gypsies, there
have been those who wish to see their destruction.
The reasons for Gypsy persecution are many, but
several in particular stand out. The first of these is
the Gypsy lifestyle. Gypsies enter towns and villages
as outsiders, belonging to no country. The ways of
the Romani seem strange, perhaps even senseless to
many, and this nonconformity can lead to fear, and
even hatred, in the gaje.

Many gaje also see the Gypsies as nothing more
than vagabonds, roving gangs just out to make a
quick buck. While it is true that a Gypsy feels it is
perfectly reasonable to take from a gaje by hook or by
crook, so to speak, many Gypsies ply other, so-called
honest, trades. Common occupations for Gypsies
include auto mechanics, palm readers, couriers, sto-
rytellers, artisans, and entertainers of all kinds.

Many religious and secular leaders have con-
demned the Gypsies, ordering them cast out,

Chapter Two: The Peopl


imprisoned or wore! During World Warll; Hitler
ordered the Gypsies murdered along with the Jews
and the many other groups who perished during the
Holocaust. Perhaps as many as one million Gypsies
died in the Nazi concentration camps.

Their unusual racial powers and the sheer aura of
strangeness many gaje sense when near someone of
Romani heritage also set the Gypsies apart. This too
can lead to fear and confusion in the gaje, and people
often attempt to destroy what they cannot truly
comprehend.

Certain of the more erudite members of the
Phuri Dae, the family of Rom lore-keepers, have
referred to the unnerving "otherness" of those of the
Blood as the prikaza, or bad luck, of Cassandra.
Cassandra was a Greek woman with the ability to
foresee the future, but she was cursed so that none
would believe her predictions. While many believe
the Gypsy fortune-tellers, the Gypsies are forever
kept from the trust of almost all other people by their
Blood, which grants some the Sight.

Today the Gypsies still face persecution. In
Germany, while almost all other groups are allowed
into the country, thousands of Gypsies wait on the
edge of starvation to be deported back to Romania
and other countries. Groups of skinheads, neo-Na-
zis, and the like terrorize the Gypsies in Europe and
‘America: Young Romani aréalsobelngtoetced into
joining the junior Mafia and other such organiza-
tions, where their skills can be exploited for the
benefit of the gaje.

Recently, some Rom families have begun to
experience strange disappearances of young Gypsies.
Even those with the Sight have been baffled, al-
though the Rom now suspect that they are being
persecuted by a particularly evil corporation known
as Magadon, Inc., which may be attempting experi-
ments requiring Gypsy Blood. If this is confirmed,
the Gypsies will come to the aid of their missing
fellows as swiftly as possible.

Meanwhile, many of the Gypsies are being lost
toasubtler enemy. Slowly becoming enmeshed in a
sedentary lifestyle, caught in the webs of civilization,
the music of their Blood and heritage grows faint.
Yet there are still many Romani who hear the calling
of their Blood and defy other masters. "It has always
been so, and it will always be thus," as an old Gypsy
saying goes.

s

24 A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Ethos

The family and the clan are the two main social
structures in the Gypsies' world. The family includes
all relations, but the closer the blood relation, the
stronger the bond felt. When a Gypsy marries, the
family of her spouse becomes her own. Ina very real
sense, many Gypsies view anyone of Romani Blood
as a member of their family, and thus will treat any
Gypsy with far more respect than any non-Gypsy.

This is not to say that Gypsies do not feud
amongst each other. When the heads of two oppos-
ing factions declare war, there is almost nothing the
two sides won't do to force each other to give ground.
Even the gaje will be brought into the matter via
anonymous phone tips to the police about the illegal
activities and attacks of the other side. Whether
there is any truth tosuch allegations is irrelevant to
the contenders. The Gypsies may even go to trial.
They attest to so many accusations, both true and
false, that the proceedings often turn into acomplete
farce.

Normally, however, the Gypsies will band to-
gether against anyone not of Romani Blood.

The Families

There are many, many different Gypsy families
scattered throughout the world. Each has its own
unique traditions and ways, and even the Romany
language varies from family to family and continent
to continent. Each family also has its own King or
Queen, the final arbiter of the family's ways and any
intrafamily disputes. Various Gypsies have attempted
to hold themselves up as the King or Queen of the
Gypsies, but only gaje truly believe such nonsense.
Save for Daenna, there has never been a single
leader of the Rom.

Today, the vast majority of Gypsies no longer
remember much of their true heritage. Slowly, their
heritage has been whittled away by the incursions of
more sedentary civilizations, and by physical and
cultural attacks on the Gypsies themselves. Who
knows how much knowledge was lost during the
brief period known as the Holocaust?

However, a few families remain attuned to at
least some of their true heritage and knowledge.
These families tend to be of purer Blood, and to have
far more intimate contact with certain aspects of

Chaptes: Two: The People

25


that heritage. To belong to one of these families is to
embrace, in some manner, what it truly means to be
a Gypsy.

The five families of Gypsies described below still
maintain, as families, some part of the esoteric knowl-
edge taught by Daennatoherchildren, grandchildren
and great-grandchildren. Chapter five describes these
families in greater detail. These are just a sampling of
the more prominently known families. There are
many other Gypsy families scattered throughout the
world that also recognize at least some measure of
their innate powers and their position in the world's
past and future. Some are made up of no more than
20 members, and others are as large as a handful of
thousands. The true extent of the Gypsies' role in
history is not known by any one family, even the
Phuri Dae, although they may at times claim other-
wise.

The Ravnos

This family of Gypsies is related to certain
shilmulo, or vampires; some members are them-
selves shilmulo. Individual Ravnos vampires tend to
watch over their own family line, looking for some-
one who is particularly "worthy" of the Embrace.
New Ravnos can be chosen from any clan, although
certain families have a history of being chosen. The
families who carry the name "Ravnos" are aware of
their ancient connection to the vampires. Although
most Gypsies know enough to be polite to any
shilmulo they encounter, those of the Ravnos family
are as active as mortals can be in vampiric politics
and society.

Unlike other vampires, the Ravnos shilmulo
often maintain contact with certain members of
their family. They may even travel with the humans,
using them as retainers and guards. However, not all
Gypsy families look kindly on the Ravnos, and
sometimes a young Gypsy is transformed against the
will of her family. Even so, that Gypsy, and any
members of her immediate family she chooses, may
then become attached to one of the traveling Ravnos
families.

The Lupines

The werewolf tribe known as the Silent Striders
has long been associated with the Gypsies. In fact,
Daenna's companion and brother, Sarrath, was one
of the first of that line. Since that time almost all

%

ayy ;

aa

26 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

}

ok,
‘i
Wey
i,

I"


Gypsy clans have had an affinity, or at least respect,
for the wolf. The Lupine clan is made up almost
exclusively of Gypsies who are kin to werewolves, or
are themselves werewolves.

Traveling families from this clan often form
small carnivals and circuses, allowing them to keep
wolves in their midst. This practice has kept the
Silent Striders and their kin from losing as much
lupine blood as have many of the other werewolf
tribes. The kin of these werewolves are fiercely loyal
to their lupine brothers and sisters. The Silent Strid-
ers themselves are loyal to Gaia, but they are also
loyal to their fellow Gypsies. This double loyalty
causes the Striders to remain somewhat aloof and
vague about their ways when dealing with werewolves
from other tribes.

This clan has maintained a relationship with
those most elusive of beings: the faeries. Gypsies are
almost unique among humans in their acknowledg-
ment and even support of the faerie changelings.
The Urmen goeven further in their support, actively
searching out and aiding such beings whenever
possible. This clan is very reclusive, and families
have been known to disappear for entire genera-
tions, only to reappear perhaps 50 years later, their
members looking exactly as they had when they left.
It is rumored that some members of such clans may
actually be of the Wyld, or at least have faerie blood
mixed with the Blood of their Romani heritage.
Such Gypsies are said to have fantastic abilities.

Of the two known Urme families, one is cur-
rently reported to be traveling throughout Russia,
while the other is said to move in Greece and the
surrounding islands. There are accounts of a third
family, which disappeared from the Scottish High-
lands shortly after the turn of the century, but
whether it still exists in fact, as it does in legend, is
unknown.

The Phuri Dae

This family boasts the most adept fortune-tellers
and spiritualists of all the families. Often, when a
young Gypsy displays exceptional abilities in this
area, she is married into this family. Although there
are extremely talented seers in all Gypsy families, the
Phuri Dae are the most carefully trained.

Chapter Two: The People 27

Itis the Phuri Dae whoare the true carriers of the
Gypsy heritage. The members of this family unfail-
ingly pass on to their children the stories of Daenna,
the Tree of Knowledge, and the remaining Seeds. A
Gypsy of the Phuri Dae is very likely to knowa good
deal about vampires, werewolves, faeries, ghosts,
mummies and much more. This family is also very
aware of the Gypsie s Guardians of the Seeds
and their role as wildcards throughout history. They
wait in anticipation to play their role in the ap-
proaching Convergence.

The Tsurara

This extremely tight-knit family is also one of
the smallest of all Gypsy families, Unlike other
families, the Tsurara (also known as the Slayers or
Knife Tribe) are almost unrelentingly committed to
the destruction of all vampires, most particularly the
Ravnos, who they view as traitors to the Gypsies and
no longer of the Blood. Not content to let things
come their way, the Tsurara teach their offspring to
actively hunt the bloodsuckers and other enemies of
the Rom.

role

Younger members of the Tsurara tend to be
radicals, and a disturbing number of them are form-
ing gangs as violent and intolerant as any skinhead
or neo-Nazi groups.

The Blood

The world today is sick to its thin blood for lack of
elemental things, for fire before the hands, for water
welling from the earth, for air, for the dear earth itself
underfoot.

— Henry Beston, The Outermost House

The Romani value their bloodlines more than
perhaps any other race. According to Romani leg-
end, when Daenna, the mother of the Gypsies, first
bit into the Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge, her
Blood and the Blood of her descendants, was forever
altered. They say Dracian originally designed the
fruit to bring a vampire to a level of awareness and
control similar to, or perhaps greater than, that
achieved in the state known as Golconda. However,
when the human Daenna ate of the fruit, she was
altered in a different manner.

She achieved great power, the true extent of
which is not now known. The Phuri Dae say that she
gained the ability to read minds and to foretell the

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Possessions

If the Gypsy man is weary,

There's a horse in the farmer's stall;

If the Gypsy child is hungry,

There's a hen near the granary wall;

If the Gypsy lads ave thirsty,

There's beer enough for all;

And if there's naught in the Gypsy''s hand,

There are wealthy gorgios in all the land!

— Gypsy folk song

Gypsies view possessions and material things
far differently than do the people of most other
modern cultures. A Gypsy knows that true poy-
erty comes from clinging too much to possessions
and wealth. It is far too easy to become a slave
to one's possessions, as witnessed by everything
from the expense people devote to alarm sys-
tems and guards to the casual killing of children
for their sneakers. "What possession is truly
worth killing for?" the Gypsy will ask.

To the Rom, freedom is the greatest trea-
sure of all. Gypsies do enjoy helping possessions
come their way, but when a Gypsy is wealthy, he
is not so attached to his possessions that he will
not risk them all on some whim. Or he might
simply leave something behind when it be-
comes more of a burden than a pleasure. After
all, if he needs another fortune, he is sure to find
or acquire one in short order.

Gypsies view possessions simply as tools to
further their happiness, comfort, and freedom;
but the tools are of no importance in and of
themselves. They attribute true importance only
to life's intangibles: emotion, family, and free-
dom.

future. She is also rumored to have gained a new
perception of time, overcoming the linear percep-
tion of the fourth dimension which others poss
Daenna is said to have studied with many maste:
the magical arts over the years and to have achieved
an incredible degree of control over her powers.
Such ma id to be amazed at the ease with
which Daenna learned their ways.

SS.

ers were

No matter the true breadth of her talents, it is
certain that all of her descendants have at least some
small measure of this power flowing in their veins.
This does not mean that all Gypsies have psychic or

of


magical powers, but only that all Gypsies carry the
legacy of their heritage. Some of the ramifications of
this bequest will be discussed below and throughout
this book.

The Seeds of
Knowledge

When Daenna fled the Ivory City she carried
with her the Seeds of the Tree of Knowledge. Thus,
Daenna was the first Guardian of the Seeds of
Knowledge. These five Seeds contain the legacy of
the first Tree of Knowledge. Along with the Blood,
Daenna bequeathed to her children the task to
remain ever the Guardians of the Seeds.

Although little save rumor and myth remains of
Daenna's teachings, speculation as to the powers of
the five Seeds is ever-present. According to legend,
each Seed represents a distinct form of knowledge;
the Guardian of that Seed gains access to both
tremendous power and enhanced understanding of
the world. Of course, a Rom who is chosen as
Guardian for more than one Seed holds tremendous
power and knowledge, perhaps unequaled by any

except the most learned and powerful of mages. It is
said that if a gaje comes into contact with one of the
Seeds, his blood will be too weak, unworthy of the
Seed's power, and that the Seed will utterly corrupt
the weak and unwise gaje.

The little information regarding the five Seeds
that is considered valid by the wisest of the Rom is
given below, but bear in mind that such information
is, at best, a combination of legend and educated
speculation.

Kooseren, the Seed of
Earthly Awakening

This Seed is said to hold the simple knowledge
of truth. All lies and fabrications, from the smallest
self-deceit to the most intricate plottings of the
Inconnu, are as ephemeral as a soap bubble when
faced with a Rom bearing this Seed. But such pro-
found knowledge of the truth is a terrible onus to
bear. The world, in all its ugline:

and raw glory, is
stripped naked before one whose eyes have been so
forcefully opened:

For one not of the Blood, this knowledge would
almost certainly twist and claw its way into the soul.

Chapter Two: The People 29


It is said that a gajefaced with the awesome starkness
of this ultimate truth will become engulfed by lies
and fantasies, believing that others are wealthier,
more beautiful, and securer than they truly are. The
gaje will be overcome by the belief that others have

true knowledge, while he is told only lies. Believing
this, the gaje will refuse to see any of the truth that
so overwhelms his mind and soul.

Jalomasin, the Seed of
Stars

The mind's eye of the Guardian of this Seed is
opened so wide itis likened unto the sky, forJalomasin
grants the ability to comprehend great masses of
knowledge without forgetfulness or confusion. As
the sky always has room for one more star, the
Guardian's mind can always hold one more piece of
knowledge.

But such knowledge will overwhelm anyone not
of the Blood, causing the gaje to become overly
voracious in all things. The gaje will be unable to
quit any endeavor she begins, until forced to by
others around her or by her own physical collapse
from exhaustion.

A World of Darkness: Gyp:

3h 2) a)

Ruzlekin, the Seed of
Burning Tears

jo injustice, small or large, can escape the
notice of the Guardian of this Seed. Ruzlekin is the
Seed of just rage, and the rage of the Guardian is truly

awesome. Some of the Phuri Dae claim Daenna gave
this Seed to her brother, Sarrath, who then spent
many years searching out and destroying those who
would create sickness in Gaia, the Earth.

This Seed would cause much havoc in the hands
of a gaje, as the rage would be too powerful for her to
bear. Soon the gaje would perceive justice as what-
ever was best for her, and she would become
homicidally furious at anyone who stood in the way
of her goals

Eiavelan, the Seed of
Brightest Waters

Eiavelan brings the knowledge of the true self. A
Rom who takes up this Seed will have the assurance
of knowing her true*abilities and nature. Limits
imposed by outside forces and the false expectations


that lead to failure all drop away from the Guardian's
eyes, allowing her to accept her true self. Once she
has done this, the Guardian may act with the confi-
dence brought about by utter self acceptance.

The reflection of Eiavelan will bring only false
pride to any gaje who touches this Seed, as the gaje
will see only false images of the self he wishes he
were. Soon, the gaje will be swallowed up by his own
sense of ego and pride, coming to believe that all
others areas nothing when compared to his god-like
abilities and skills.

Bonnerin, the Seed of
the Balanced Scale

This Seed grants the Guardian knowledge of the
intrinsic value of all things. This knowledge has
nothing to do with what stereo speakers are going for
these days. Rather, the Guardian instinctively un-
derstands what each thing is worth to her personally.

She can never be deceived by others or even by
herself into believing a thing has value because

others want it, or lacks value because it is spurned.

Ofcourse, a gaje possessing this Seed would most
assuredly be caught up in a frenzy of greed, feeling
certain that all things have some value and thus must
belong to him. Consumed by the need to possess, the
gaje would soon lose interest in people altogether,
concerning himself only with the value of his many
"prizes."

Guardians of
Knowledge

It is

id that when she passed the Seeds to her
great-granddaughter, Evania, Daenna spoke of see-
ing a time when the Guardians would know how the
Seeds were to be used. Many Rom:believe the time
for their use is coming soon, in the upcoming Con-
vergence, when it is said the five Seeds will split open
and grow together to form a tree liking both the
body and spirit, which have been falsely split for
many, many eons. The current Guardian(s?) of the
Seeds are unknown, although it is, often assumed
that each Seed is held by a member of one of the
more prominent families of power.

Chapter Two: The People

World of Darkness: Gypsies

The Seeds of Knowledge are said to be round and
overing both sides in
the shape of five-pointed stars: The Gypsies believe
these pentagrams represent the five elements: earth,
air, fire, water, and spirit. So each Seed is said to
correspond to one of these elements. As the Egyp-
tians who built the Great Pyramids knew, there is
power in such a five-pointed construction: four ele-
ments culminating in another, both containing and
t.

deep brown, with silvery veir

greater than each individual

Depending on which Romani drabarne, or wise
one, tellsthestory, there are two branches of thought
on how the elements are represented by the remain-
ing families of power. The first theory holds that the
Romani representatives of the five elements are
already present and accounted for in the families
known as the Ravnos, Lupines, Urmen, Phuri Dae
and Tsurara. This theory is held by all of the Slayers
who care, and by scattered others throughout the
rest of the families. According to this theory, either
the Tsurara or the Phuri Dae hold the trump card,
and are the apex of all that is Romani. The Slayers
maintain that they are the Rom, honed to a cutting
edge, and that the others' time is past; other Romani
generally hold that the Phuri Dae will be the ones to
witness the Tree of Knowledge blossom at the Con-
vergence. Dark rumors abound that the Tsurara are
attempting to systematically hunt down and slaugh-
ter the current Guardians of the Seeds so that the
Slayers will possess all the Seeds and be the Rom who
control the destiny of the world (as they see it) at the
Convergence.

The second theory, accepted by most of the
PhuriDaeaind Lupines, and many ofthe Ravnios who

bother to give their opinions, is that the four families
known:as the Ravnos, Urmen, Lupines and Phuri
Dae correspond to the elements of earth, air, fire,
and water. This being the case, the Tsurara are seen
as marhime, impure, their Blood tainted, and thus are
removed from any possible role as Guardians of the
Seeds.

Such Gypsies believe some combination of Rom
from these four tribes, perhaps including one or two
of the other scattered families of power as well, will
come together and play the key role for the Romani
at the time of the Convergence. Therefore, many
Rom, the younger Rom in particular, are encouraged
by the elders to do "a tour," as they term it. Such tours


involve young members of Rom from different fami-
lies banding together and traveling for awhile.
Touring promotes the mixing of both Romani Blood
and ideas, and it is in such intense and private
groups, tossed out on the churning waves of gaje
culture, that many young Rom prove themselves
worthy of the name. Also, the elder Romani hope
these temporary groupings will heal the fractures of
suspicion and hate that have begun poisoning even
the Blood of the Rom and chipping away at their
now-fragile unity.

Debates rage over open fires and in the back
rooms of clubs and bars over which theory is nearest
to correct, or whether there is still another answer to
the question. But as with most things esoteric or
remote in the world of the Rom, parties on both sides
argue more for the sake of the contest of wits than
because they could possibly arrive at any conclusion.
The Gypsies feel that when the Convergence be-
gins, they will know what to do and where to go to
get front row seats.

Others and the Seeds

Many wonder how the Gypsies have managed to
keep the Seeds hidden and secret from almost all
others. It would seem that over the many centuries
some outsiders would hear of the Seeds. There most
assuredly are those not of Romani Blood who know
of the Seeds of the Tree of Knowledge. After all, the
vampire Amriat destroyed Dracian in his desire to
take the Tree of Knowledge and its fruit for himself.
Itis entirely possible that Amriat realized that Seeds
from the Tree were still in existence.

If there are others, particularly powerful vam-
pires or mages, who know of the Seeds, a question
immediately comes to mind: How have the Gypsies
survived? They are an inventive people who have
outlasted severe persecution, but it still seems un-
likely that they could hold offsuch powerful creatures
forever.

The answer to this question is unknown. How-
ever, it is often speculated that the group of vampires
known as the Inconnu recognize the role of the
Gypsies as the rightful Guardians of the Seeds, and
believe that when the time is right, the Seeds will be
used to the advantage of the Inconnu. Or perhaps
the Inconnu simply feel that they will be able to

Chapter Two: The People

control the situation when the time comes, using
their knowledge of the Gypsies at some crucial point
to manipulate the Gypsies' role in the upcoming
Gehenna. There is rampant speculation that certain
powerful mages also wish to keep the Seeds in the
hands of the Rom until some unspecified future time,
although why this would be the case is unknown.

There is yet another theory on why no one else
has taken control of the Seeds from the Gypsies. It is
thought that none but a true Rom can hold a Seed
without perishing. If the mages have heard this
theory, it may well explain why they have so far left
the Seeds alone, or been unsuccessful in any at-
tempts to seize them. The bond of Blood and spirit
that the Gypsies have with the Seeds may serve as
their protection. A similar rumor holds that the
Seeds must always be kept close to the beating heart
of a Gypsy, as Daenna hid them near her heart, else
they turn to dust, gone for all eternity.

Whatever the truth in this matter, the Gypsies
have so far kept the Seeds in their possession and
fulfilled one of their major responsib

The

Convergence

I am assured at any rate

Man's practically inexterminate.

Someday | must go into that.

There's always been an Ararat

Where someone someone else begat

To start the world all over at

— Robert Frost, "A-Wishing Well"

Many of the oldest Gypsies say that the universe
is a slumbering giant, and that when she stretches,
the very nature of reality shifts as well. However, it
takes time for the moves of such a giantess to reach
her toes, and the Gypsies place the Earth upon her
littlest left toe. The stars, they say, will align to tell
the Gypsies of the latest reality shift, so that they will
be prepared when the world mother's latest shrug
reaches her toes. This time is known as the Conver-
gence.

ies as a race.

Others say that the universe is like a snake that
traces her way along her own body looking for her
tail. When she reaches her tail, she begins to swallow


herself, and just as she swallows her own head, the
universe changes and is reborn. The time of change
is the time of the Convergence, and it is written in
the stars.

The Gypsies believe that they have a crucial role
to play at the time of the Convergence, and that
their actions will help decide what the Earth will be
like in the dawning of the new age. The true nature
of their role in the Convergence is a matter for
debate. The Gypsies are curious, but they also know
that what will bé, will be. The oldest and most
popular theory goes as follows:

Our mother, Daenna, gave into our trust the five
Seeds of knowledge. They have been scattered through-
out our families for many, many years, but when the
stars wheel and dance in the skies, so will the Seeds come
together from across the lands. When the Seeds are
planted together and watered with five drops of Daenna's
gift, then will they sprout and grow together into the
World Tree that holds all knowledge. It will be given to
the Gypsies to eat of its fruit and climb among its
branches, and the tree will be so great that it will be as a
highway stretching to our sister, the moon. On that day,
the day of the Convergence, and on that road, the road
of the World Tree, our actions will decide how the next
dance is to be danced, the next song to be sung.

There are many variations on this story and even
more interpretations of its true meaning. One varia-
tion says that Alako, a Gypsy who drank of God's
tears, will return from his home on the moon and
grant his people the ability to walk between the light
and the dark, between the gods and humanity.
Others say the World Tree will bear more of the
sacred Fruit of Knowledge and that any who eat of
this fruit three times will be transported into the
realm of faerie upon eating the first apple, into the
realm of death on biting into the second, and then,
after partaking of the third, reborn into the world
again to decide the fate of all.

Regardless of the words of the tale, the Gypsies
all believe that the Convergence is growing near,
and that they will play an important part in deciding
the fate of the world. It is the reason their race was
born, and the Seeds are the burden they must bear
until they have completed their appointed task.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Purity vs.
Contamination

The Gypsies harbora strong belief that main-
taining purity is critical. All Gypsies are
extraordinarily careful to never eat food that is
dirty, and Gypsies almost never refer to bodily
fluids or functions. Ifa Gypsy is so unfortunate as
to sully herself by becoming somehow contami-
nated, she must perform elaborate cleansing
rituals before she can again eat with, touch or
truly socialize with other Gypsies. It is not un-
heard of for a Gypsy to kill herself if she believes
she has been forever contaminated.

The views on purity and contamination
held by the Romani have been formed as protec-
tive measures, On the surface, most gaje
researchers regard them simply as beliefs devel-
oped to keep Gypsies from eating bad food, to
prevent disease, etc. This is eminently logical,
but it is not the only reason the Gypsies hold on
to their taboos.

Gypsies keep secret the special abilities passed
to them through their Blood. Few of today's
Romani know the reason behind the taboo
against referring to Blood and other bodily flu-
ids. Daenna and her descendants knew it was
imperative that the heritage passed through the
Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge not be discovered
by those such as the Antediluvians, or by any of
a number of paranoid leaders among the gaje,
lest every last Rom be hunted down. The taboos
help preserve the sanctity of the Gypsies' secrets;
thus, the ancient knowledge only surfaces dur-
ing times when it is needed,

Many of the Phuri Dae believe that Hitler
had discovered the power of their Blood and was
thus committed to destroying the Rom. The
purity and superiority of the Gypsies' Blood may
have intrigued as well as enraged Hitler and the
SS. Rumors also speak of terrible torture and
experimentation performed on some of the Rom
held in concentration camps, in which large
amounts of Blood were extracted from the pris-
oners. This Blood may have been intended for
use in the dark rituals of certain high ranking
officers of the SS, who were also said to be dark
mages.


Wildcards

Our conscious lives run deep

you cling onto your mountain while we sleep

this way of life is part of me

there is no price so only let me be

And, should the children weep

the turning world will sing their souls to sleep

When you have sunk without a trace

the universe will suck me into place

Sting, "We Work the Black Seam"

The Gypsies appear to have another, related role
to play in the history of the world. They are the
wildcards, the trump cards of fate, as it were. Some-
thing in every Gypsy's Blood provides the potential
for that Gypsy to find herself playing a key role in
history. It has happened many times in the past, and
it is sure to happen many times in the future.

The Gypsies hold that there is no way of know-
ing who will be selected to play such a role or why,
save perhaps that the Gypsy is somehow in the right

place at the crucial time. Young Gypsy children are

always told that they should follow their instincts;
and that if they are chosen to play fate's hand, they
will know it when the time comes.

The Gaje

Gypsies see themselves as unique among all the
world's peoples. They may well be right. The Romani
people thus hold an entirely different set of ethics
when it comes to outsiders (gaje). Even if she stands
before her most-hated Romani enemy, a Gypsy will
treat that enemy with more respect than she would
almost any outsider. This double standard has evolved
over many centuries, and probably came about in
part due to the knowledge and abilities granted to
the Gypsies from their Blood, and partly due to their
almost universally poor treatment by members of
other races

Today's Gypsies do not feel it is ethical to lie to,
cheat or steal from another Romani. However, it is
perfectly appropriate to manipulate and use a gaje.
Afterall, if the gaje is gullible or slow-witted enough
to fall for the Gypsy's tricks, then the Gypsy was
meant to succeed at her endeavor.

Chapter Two: The People


This ethical double standard has led the gaje to
misunderstand and even hate the Gypsies. It has also
led the Gypsies to develop numerous elaborate plots
and schemes to exploit the gaje for money and
trinkets.

An example of such an elaborate scheme is the
bujo, or swindle, in which a Gypsy woman sets up a
fortune-telling store. It does not matter whether the
woman has the Sight or not, for she will have no
need of it to conduct the bujo. The Gypsy woman
carefully interrogates the gaje who come to her for
help. When she finds a likely (read: desperate or
gullible) candidate, she uses a particularly dramatic
way to illustrate the horrible "bad luck," known as
prikaza, that is plaguing the poor person. Perhaps she
doctors a chicken egg so that the yolk "bleeds" when
it is broken, or she might use sleight of hand to
replace one of the tarot cards she is reading for her
"client" with a scorched version of the same card.

No matter what form the evil omen takes, the
Gypsy cries out and shakes her head ominously.
Usually the worried victim asks what the matter is,
and the Gypsy woman tells the client that the news
is not good, but perhaps she is wrong, so she will not
worry the client by telling her. The client invariably
insists on hearing the bad news, and the Gypsy will
gravely tell the client that she sees terrible luck,
perhaps even death, plaguing the client. She then
tells the client that there is one possible source of
this bad luck — perhaps the client has gotten hold of
some cursed money? After all, money and the love of
it lead to the path of the Devil. She will then hastily
return any money the gaje has paid for her services as
"she does not want to be contaminated as well."

After a bit of talk about this problem, the Gypsy
asks the client to give her some small bill, a ten or
twenty, so that she may determine if the money is
indeed cursed. Of course, the Gypsy always finds out
that, yes, there isa terrible curse. But she can remove
it! The hitch is that all the client's money has
probably been infected by the curse, and so the client
should bring the Gypsy a suitcase filled with money.
In order to undo the curse some of the money must
be destroyed.

Once the client has brought as much money as
the Gypsy can convince him to bring, she performs
agreat ritual that ends in the burning of much of the
"tainted" money. Of course the money hasn't really

been burned. At some point, the Gypsy switches the
bag full of money for a bag full of paper, keeping the
money for herself.

Although it may seem incredible, there are many
gaje who have lost a lot of money to Gypsies by
falling for such schemes. In one bujo alone, a Gypsy
can easily pull in over $10,000. In one particul
bujo, perhaps the most profitable one so far, a Gy
woman bilked her victim out of over $100,000 in
cash.

Many gaje view the word of a Romani as being
about as trustworthy asa politician's campaign prom-
ises. When dealing with the gaje this is usually true.
But when a Gypsy gives her word toa fellow Romani
it is inviolate. This same double standard threads
throughout the Romani's dealings. When interact-
ing with another of the Blood, the Romani are
honest, trustworthy, faithful and loyal. But when
dealing with an outsider, no Gypsy holds his brother
to the same standard. After all, the gaje are not to be
trusted, and so are unworthy of a Gypsy's

This view of non-Gypsies is one of the reasons
that gaje who try to chronicle the Romani often
come away with utterly implausible or contradictory
stories. The Gypsies delight in feeding misinforma-
tion to these oh-so-earnest chroniclers. Very few of
those who attempt to enter the Gypsy world truly
succeed, Often a researcher believes he has suc-
ceeded, when in actuality, he is the victim of an
elaborate Gypsy joke.

The separation maintained by the Gypsies al-
lows their culture to continue, despite all the pressures
for them to conform to other cultures' standards. But
theirattitudes and beliefs contribute to their strange-
ness in the eyes of the gaje. People often hate what
they don't understand, and almost no outsider un-
derstands the Romani. The misinformation fed to
outsiders sometimes spirals out of control, resulting
in the belief that Gypsies kidnap young children and
engage in other monstrous crimes. These beliefs fan
the flames of hatred toward the already mistrusted
Romani. Thus, the Gypsies walk a tightrope, rarely
more than a step away from oblivion.

trust.

Touring

As mentioned earlier, over the past few centu-
ries it has become common practice for young Gypsies
from different families to band together and do a
tour, for the most part staying among the gaje or on

36 A World of Darkmess: Gypsies

their own. Originally this practice was a strange,
mimicking offshoot of the fostering of children which
the upper and middle classes of Europe favored 400
years ago. Many of the older Rom recognized a
distinct advantage in having their young pick up
secrets of the trade from other families. It was a
particularly convenient way of spying on one an-
other that most Romani parents could not resist.
The practice also had the benefit of exposing young
Rom to the youth of other families and to their
differing beliefs and lifestyles, thus keeping the con-
nection of the Blood alive in practice as well as
ethos.

Thiscustomhasgrown in popularity since World
War II, a time when Gypsies were hunted more
freely than they had been since the time of the
Inquisition, when the Diet of Augsburg changed the
laws so that Christians could freely kill Gypsies, not
even neéding provocation: The initial increase in
touring was brought about in the hopes that even if
most members of a family were destroyed by the
N

survive to carry on their lineage and their stories.

is, at least a few of their younger members might

Chapter Two: The People

Once the Holocaust was over, however, this
practice continued to gain popularity among the
young Romani. Although the original reasons for
this practice are still valid, it may be that there are
other, secret reasons for this increase. Some of the
Phuri Dae claim this rise is linked to the rapidly
approaching Convergence; but perhaps there is an-
other explanation entirely.

Whatever the reasons for the increasing number
of tours, today when families come together in small
groups or at arranged festivals and meetings known
as pakive, Romani youth will often create their own
temporary kumpania, or traveling group. Rom who
have been

are lazy or prematurely set in their way
known to find themselves locked out of the family
RV with justa note tacked ona pile of clothes saying:
"We'll see you when you get back. Beat it. Baxt (good
luck)." Most Romani welcome their first stab at
freedom from their parents and various kid siblings,
uncles, in-laws, old ones, etc. "If the road sings in
your veins, your feet will start a'itchin," as the saying

goes.

When a kumpania of youths goes on tour, its
members are not expected to do anything in particu-
lar except survive. Sure, it would be nice if the group
learned something useful along the way, or picked up
some really good stories to re-tell later, but it cer-
tainly isn't required. Of course, there are also the
stories of kumpaniyi that were among the chosen of
fate. In many Romani tales, members of a kumpania
play the hand that changes history. Most members of
kumpaniyi are convinced that they'll be the next
group to go down in Romani lore.

While traveling, the kumpania must make its
own way in the world of the gaje. Although any Rom
they meet will allow the group to camp with them a
day or two (perhaps even foisting off one of their own
fledglings in the process), they are not expected to
stay with any one group for more than five days and
nights. If they stay longer it is said to bring prikaza,
bad luck, to all involved.

Besides other Rom, itis alsosaid that any shilmulo
of the clan known as Gangrel will watch over any
members of a kumpania who are in the vampire's
territory. The reason for this dates back to a time far
past, but there isa Romani legend to explain how the
Gangrel and the Gypsies first came to an under-
standing.

Jorsca and the Blood

Jorsca was a very brave man who traveled with
his kumpania, part of the now-dwindling Zingaresche
family. One day Jorsca, who liked to walk by the sea
late at night and throw stones as far as he could into
the rushing waves, was reaching back to toss a very
big stone, when he sawa large wolf walking down the
beach toward him. It was a huge black beast, all eyes
and fangs, easily as long as Jorsca and twice his size.

Well, Jorsca was no dilo, no fool, and he knew he
could never reach the safety of his vardo before the
beast attacked. So Jorsca took the large stone and
heaved with all his might, tossing the stone far out
into the ocean. By now, the wolf had begun to trot
and would reach Jorsca in no time. So Jorsca did
what he thought was sensible; he took off his clothes.
At this, the wolf stopped, pausing in confusion to
snuffle at the discarded garments. Sitting down be-
side the huge wolf, Jorsca looked into its eyes and saw
not a wolf's, but a man's eyes look back.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

"Ah, you are either one of the dead or one of the
changelings. Either way you can't fool me," Jorsca
said.

This so puzzled the wolf, who was actually one of
the vampires known as the Gangrel, that he changed
to his human form, right there in front of Jorsca.

"If you know so much of my kind, why do you not
flee?" he questioned.

"T do not flee because I have no wish to. It is a
beautiful night and I wish to be here, where I be-
long," said Jorsca. "Besides, you would not like my
taste. I'm sure I am too rich and powerfully flavored
for someone not kin to the Gypsies," he finished
with a yawn.

Laughing, the Gangrel told Jorsca that there was
no blood too powerful for one as old as he, and that
Jorsca could well die this very night, leaving only a
feast for the crows.

Laughing in turn, Jorsca took out his knife and
turned to the Gangrel, proposing a contest. "You see
these two stones sitting beside us? That which runs
through my body is more powerful than that which
you have borrowed from others. With but a touch of
my life's essence, I can dissolve the very rocks them-
selves. You see, we are so powerful that even the
earth gives way before us. In that we are as brothers."

"Impossible," scoffed the Gangrel, taking up the
challenge.

Immediately the vampire bit into his own palm
and held the rock against the warm liquid. Nothing
happened. Then it was Jorsca's turn. Cutting himself
with his small knife, Jorsca held the stone tightly in
his fist. Opening his hand, he revealed an empty
palm. Swearing with fury and surprise, the Gangrel
insisted he do the trick again. Sighing in exaspera-
tion, Jorsca complied.

All night long this contest went on, with the
Gangrel becoming more and more enraged at his
own inability to spot Jorsca's trick (for trick it was).
In fact, the vampire and Jorsca were so distracted by
the contest that neither realized how light it had
grown. As the first rays of sun touched the shilmulo,
he arched in pain. Immediately Jorsca grabbed the
vampire and, yelling for aid, rushed him back to his
vardo. Jorsca's wagon was well-protected from the
rays of the sun, and he knew the shilmulo would be
safe there.


The next night Jorsca and the Gangrel, Lareth,
talked until the sun came up. Lareth was so im-
pressed with the Gypsies that he spent much time
traveling with Jorsca's kumpania. When he left,
Jorsca and Lareth made a pact that neither's people
would harm the others, as Jorsca and Lareth had not
harmed each other that first night. And so it remains
to this day: Gypsy and Gangrel, not friends, but not
enemies. And that is not a bad way to be.

Since that time, the Gangrel and Gypsies have
made a practice of helping each other when it
doesn't conflict with their own interests. At times
this help has been great, as when one of the Gangrel
vampires rose up at the concentration camp in
Glodker, Embracing many members of the Szdano
tribe of Romani. The concentration camp was de-
stroyed in the course of one evening, and the rest of
the Szdano fled with their newly Embraced fellows.

More recently, a touring kumpania in Mexico
managed to distract a pack of werewolves that was
about to carve up a Gangrel vampire in Canctin.
They slipped the shilmulo out of the restaurant he
was treed in by placing him inside a truly ripe (and
thoroughly flambéd), roasted whole pig. Slipped the
fellow out right past the Garous' twitching mu:
Messy, but it got the job done.

Kumpania ina
Chronicle

Many modern kumpaniyi make a practice of
stealing vehicles and cruising the countryside, while
others tour with a particular band or road show. No
small number of kumpaniyi have toured with the
Grateful Dead, and Deadheads seem particularly
susceptible to the charms of the Romani youth.

Storytellers wishing to design a Gypsy chronicle
may want to have the players' characters form a
kumpania and go on tour. Such tours can have as
little or as much direction as the Storyteller sees fit.
Chapter six includes some ideas for stories and
chronicles revolving around a kumpania of young
Gypsies.

Children of Time

Perhaps the ability to transcend time travels
in the Gypsy Blood. Certainly the gifted seers of
the Romani view time far differently than any-
one else. Some portion of this talent may well be
carried by all those of Romani Blood.

One of the stories the Gypsies like to tell as
proof that they are the favored of fate takes place
at the Crucifixion. The Roman guards were
preparing to nail Christ to the cross, and all the
people in the swelling crowd, there to witness
the event, feared the guards terribly. So the
people remained a safe distance from the three
crosses, all save one Gypsy boy. This young lad
suddenly took it upon himself to sneak past the
guards while they were crucifying one of the
thieves who was to die with Jesus. When he
reached the place where the cross and nails were
placed awaiting Christ's crucifixion, the Gypsy
boy found he knew what to do.

With the gifts of his kind, the lad stole one
of the nails intended for use in the Crucifixion.
Looking up to see if the guards had noticed, the
young boy saw Christ smiling at him, and in his
head, the boy heard whispered words. The words
told him that his people would forever be free of
the seventh commandment, "Thou shalt not
steal," because of his small kindness in easing
Jesus' pain.

Although this tale is obviously self-serving,
the Gypsies hold it to be just one of many
examples of their unique role in history. Regard-
less of the truth of this and other tales, the
Gypsies believe they will play some crucial role
in the upcoming Convergence. Which indi-
vidual Gypsies will be involved or what their
role will be is not clear to the Gypsies, but it is of
no real concern. Whoever is needed among
their people will surely find themselves where
they are meant to be, ready to play their part. So
why worry about it now?

Chapter Two: The People


®
F
®
&
>
‘
®
C}
&
ut
be
iJ
i)
om
°
ia}
=
be
g
s
Ld


Chapter Three

The Gypsy

He deals the cards as a meditation

And those he plays never suspect

He doesn't play for the money he wins
He doesn't play for respect

He deals the cards to find the answer
The sacred geometry of chance

The hidden law of a probable outcome

The numbers lead a dance
— Sting, "Shape Of My Heart"

This chapter provides specific information on
creating Gypsy characters. Although it is possible
for Gypsy characters to be other than human —
vampire, werewolf or mage — the information
below assumes the character being created is a
mortal Gypsy. If the character is not a mortal, the
points available to spend on the character may
vary from those given below. For those who want
ate a vampire or werewolf character who is
it would be wise to follow the
character generation outline in Vampire: The
Masquerade or Werewolf: The Apocalypse, us-
ing the information from Gypsies (such as Blood
Purity points and Blood Skills) to modify the
character description. However, vampire charac-

also a Gypsy

Chapter Threa The Gypsy

ters have some specific limitations, due to their
particular nature. For more information on Raynos
vampires, see the information on Ravnos shilmulo
in Chapter three and the Ravnos families in Chap-
ter five.

A character creation sheet for Gypsy charac-
ters is provided at the back of this book.

Character
Creation

As with most "rules" in any of the Storyteller
System's games, the procedures presented here are
meant as guidelines only. Feel free to play with

Creation Outline

Step One: Character Concept: Who are you?

¢ Identify Concept: Who are you, and where are you from?

© Choose Family: What Gypsy family is your character from?

© Choose Nature and Demeanor (optional): What is your personality like?
© Choose Element (optional): What is your character's role in her family?

Step Two: Select Attributes: What are your basic capabi
Prioritize your three categories: Primary 6, Secondary 4, Tertiary 3.

¢ Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina & Dexterity.

© Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation & Appearance.

© Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence & Wits.

Step Three: Select Abilities: What do you know?
Prioritize your three categories: Primary 11, Secondary 7, Tertiary 4.

© Choose Talents: Your innate, intuitive Abilities.

© Choose Skills: Your trained Abilities.

© Choose Knowledges: Abilities you study and memorize.

Step Four: Select Advantages: In what ways are you unique?
© Choose Background Traits (5 points).

© Choose Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control and Courage (9 points).

¢ Determine Blood Purity.

¢ Choose Blood Affinities (3 points).

Step Five: Last Touches: Filling in all-important details.
© Record base Willpower = Your Courage rating.

Record base Humanity = Your Conscience + Self-Control ratings.

© Spend your 21 "Freebie" points to purchase Merits & Flaws, Blood Purity points, Gypsy
Blood Traits, Elements and to raise any other Trait.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Gypsy Names

Europe

Male: Coron (tchoron), Dimitri, Jorsca
(yorska), Lazaros, Petreko, Franjoko, Kostos,
Niglo, Jan, Zlato.

Female: Baltzar, Dosia, Katina, Makri,
Mena, Mirella, Napolina, Richenda, Vana,
Zita.

Asia and Africa

Male: Alifi, Nasreddin, Jabal, Perun, Shuri,
Sinfi.

Female: Ayashah, Dalifi, Fatma, Moadel,
Najma, Persa, Rena.

The Americas

Male: Alexander, Ephraim, Jan, Pepe,
Petra, Kiril, Sam (som), Silvanus.

Female: Alya, Ellen, Homi, Kata, Maria,
Milena, Persa, Lerli, Starlina.

these to your heart's content to create the charac-
ter you want to roleplay (but remember to check
any changes with your Storyteller). Do not feel
constrained by any simple listing of point totals. If
your character should have a greater number of
points in one area, or a lesser amount in another,
go ahead. What's important is creating a charac-
ter you find appealing. Be sure to go over this with
your Storyteller as well, since it will be her
chronicle which will truly bring your character to
life (or unlife).

Character
Concept

The first thing to decide when creating a
character is who that character is. If you haven't
already done so, you must determine whether your
character is a human, a werewolf or a vampire.
This may depend on what type of chronicle your
Storyteller is running.

When creating one of the Rom, you should
determine the family the character is from. There
are numerous Gypsy families, and tribes made up
of extended families, in almost all corners of the
world. Your character will probably have either
been raised in one of the five families mentioned
in Chapter two, or at least have joined one of

Chapter Three:

The Gypsy


these families at some point earlier in her life.
Gypsies from these families know more than most
about the supernatural goings-on in the World of
Darkness, and it's a lot more fun to play someone
who isn't totally in the dark about the "real"
workings of the world.

The families are discussed in greater detail in
Chapter five, and you may want to look them over
before deciding what clan your character is from.
However, players and Storytellers should feel free
to make up new families of their own that may be
more (or less) knowledgeable than the families
detailed in this book. The Gypsies in the World of
Darkness are an incredibly rich and diverse cul-
ture, and adding more families to the mix only
enhances their versatility.

If your character is either a werewolf or vam-
pire, you already know to what family your
character currently belongs (Ravnos for a vam-
pire, Lupine fora werewolf). However, you should

still decide what family your character was born

into, for this will help you determine your
character's skills, identity and powers.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Decide whether you want your character to be
a European, American, Indian, etc. Did the
character's family travel from place to place in a
caravan of RVs, Harleys and Jeeps, or were they
content to stay in one particular area? How con-
nected were they to the rest of Rom society? How
did your character spend her time when she was
youne? Theanoredetailachidentity-andpemonal-
ity you can determine, the more unique and
interesting your character will become.

One of the ways to help determine personality
is by choosings Naturand a Demeanortenvour
character. Demeanor is the surface personality of
the character. It can change from time to time and
situation to situation, for your character's De-
meanor is the mask she presents to the world. The
Rom are particularly likely to shift Demeanors at
a moment's notice, and most Gypsies have one
Demeanor they show to other Rom and an en-
tirely different Demeanor (or two or three) when
dealingwithvenye

The character's Nature is her core personal-
ity. Her Nature describes the character's innermost
beliefs and philosophy on life. Gypsies will never

show a gaje their true Nature, as gaje are far too
untrustworthy to share such intimate informa-
tion.

Players should also feel free to use any of the
Merits or Flaws that apply to mortals found in the
core Storyteller books.

Elements

I wake to sleep, and take my waking slow.

I feel my fate in what I cannot fear.

I learn by going where I have to go.

- Theodore Roethke, "The Waking"

When a newborn Romani enters the world,
his mother often consults a wise one or mystic to
determine whether her child is destined for a
particular role in the family. These "birth read-
ings" only give a positive result in perhaps one out
of every two or three readings, but if a baby is
claimed by one of the five elements (earth, air,

Chapter Three: The Gypsy

;

4

fire, water, or spirit), it's certain that he will be
trained in what the Romani feel are compatible
skills.

When a mystic performs a birth reading, he
takes the babe outside on the first new moon of the
child's life. Traditionally, the mystic then places
the babe beside a low fire. Next to the fire stand a
bowl of cool water, a fan made of feathers, a piece
of dark stone such as onyx or hematite, anda black
mirror. These five items represent fire, water, air,
earth, and spirit, the elements the Rom view as
essential to life. Of course, with some of the
younger generations of Rom, these elements may
be represented by a gas stove, a running faucet, an
electric fan, a chunk of brick, and a portable TV
tuned to static. As long as the seer is comfortable
with the symbols, the ritual will work.

While the baby's parents look on, the seer uses
his particular method of evoking the Sight (s
Chapter four), be it tarot cards, thrashing, fire


reading, etc. As the seer reaches into the strands
of time, one of the elements may reach out and
claim the child. Such claimings vary in their
intensity, but are unmistakable to anyone watch-
ing. For instance, if a baby is claimed by the
element of fire, a burning twig may snap and hit
the child's foot, leaving a small, but permanent,
mark, If the element of spirit claims the child, the
baby's eyes may suddenly turn gray as she stares at
the shifting screen of the TV. No matter which
element claims the child, it will leave some sort of
mark on the young one.

If a player decides that his character was
claimed by an element during a birth reading, he
must then decide which element his character is
connected to. Elements definitely confer certain
advantages on a character, but they also tend to
dictate the course of his life.

All Rom with an Element gain one point ina
Blood Affinity in addition to any other Blood
Affinities they normally gain during character
creation. This holds true even if this gives the
Gypsy more Blood Affinities than her Blood Pu-

rity score. The exact Affinity gained is determined
by the character's particular Element.

An Element can only be chosen during char-
acter creation. It costs 7 freebie points, and a
chanicterean neverbe clanued by more than ong
element.

The five Elements and their meanings are
explained below.

Earth

Romani touched by this element are usually
the backbone of the family. Often weavers, smiths
and now hackers, these characters are especially
skilled at manipulating devices and working at
physical tasks. In addition, such characters are
adept at recognizing and manipulating patterns of
all kinds.

Earth-touched Romani, known as Dhartime,
may choose from one of the following Blood Af-
finities: Instinct or the Draba form of Gypsy magic

At any time, Dhartime may also spend two
points of Willpower to heal or fix one level of
damage. This healing skill applies to both living
creatures and machines, and reflects the Rom's
heightened ability to manipulate physical pat-
terns. It requires an entire turn.

46 A World of Darkne Gypsies


Air

These are the Rom who most easily glide
among the gaje. Such Rom move effortlessly
through gaje cities, breezing in with nothing and
coming out with more gaje loot than they can
carry. Such Gypsies are often thieves, gamblers
and con-artists, relying on their wits and abilities
to reap what others have sown.

Air-touched Gypsies, known as Jhanaki, may
choose from one of the following Blood Affinities:
Luck or Truth of the Rom.

Jhanaki may choose to spend two points of
Willpower to negate any one success by an oppo-
nent (living or mechanical). This power reflects
the Jhanaki's ability to escape even the worst
scrapes intact.

Fire

These Rom are always gifted warriors.
Throughout time those Rom marked by fire have
fought to keep the ways of their people alive.

Fire-seared Rom, known as Kuyan, always re-
ceive the Affinity known as the Dance of Knives.

At any time Kuyan may choose to spend two
points of Willpower to ignore two wound levels.
Thus, a Kuyan who is wounded (-3) may choose to
will his pain to lessen by spending two points of
Willpower so that he can function as if he was only
hurt (-1). The Kuyan may even function when he
would normally be incapacitated, though he can
still die, and he can spend as much Willpower as
he desires. This effect lasts for the duration of a
scene.

Water

/ These Rom are known for their mastery of
both words and body. Performers by nature, the
cléyverest tale spinners and most graceful acrobats
aie ace those claimed by this element.

Water-claimed Rom are known as Jastima. A
Jastitha may choose from the following Affinities:
Truth of the Rom or Zapaderin.

Jastima may choose to spend two points of
Willpower in order to decrease the effective Will-
power of any gaje watching or listening to the
Jastima by one. This decrease is a general effect,
and applies to all of the gaje's rolls. The gaje's
Willpower is affected for one entire scene.

Chapter Three: The Gypsy

Spirit

Such Gypsies are the rarest of the claimed.
These Rom are known for their long memories,
and the Blood always seems to run strong among
such folk. Blessed with at least a small amount of
magic, these Gypsies have a remarkable under-
standing of human nature and the true
consequences of people's actions. Many of these
Rom become the wise ones of their families, while
others become matchmakers or historians, com-
mitting tremendous amounts of knowledge to
memory.

Spirit-kissed Rom are called Satarma. Satarma
may choose their special Affinity from any of the
four types of Romani Magic.

Satarma may spend two points of Willpower
to temporarily increase their skill in any form of
magic by one point. This increase lasts for one
scene, and it can even enable a Satarma to in-
crease her ability above her Blood Purity level.
Although this effect is not cumulative, a Satarma
may use another two points of Willpower to in-
crease a second magical specialty (if she has one)
during the same scene.

Select
Abilities

The character has learned her Abilities over
the course of her lifetime. Abilities are assigned a
rating from one to five, with higher ratings equal-
ing greater skill. Abilities are divided into Talents,
Skills and Knowledges.

Talents are intuitive abilities which we all
have to one degree or another. They do not need
to be practiced often, and cannot be learned
through study or tutoring. They are most often
gained through experience.

Skills are learned through rigorous training
and practice. Skills can be taught and studied
(unlike Talents). Skills always require step-by-
step learning.

Knowledges include Abilities that require the
rigorous application of the mind. Knowledges are
acquired through experience, contemplation, ar-
gument, and careful study. Education of all kinds
results in Knowledge.


The player must decide which of these three
categories of Abilities is of primary, secondary and
tertiary importance to the character. Human char-
acters may spend the following number of points
on Abilities:

Primary: 11

Secondary: 7

Tertiary: 4

A complete listing of various Abilities can be
found in the Vampire, Mage and Werewolf books
and Players Guides. Gypsies may have any of the
Abilities open to humans, but the following Abili-
ties are particularly appropriate to Gypsy
characters:

Acrobatics, Acting, Astrology, Bribery, Danc-
ing, Escapology, Faerie Lore, Fast-Talk, Gambling,
Haggling, Herbalism, Hypnotism, Kindred Lore,
Lupine Lore, Magus Lore, Occult, Seduction,
Sleight of Hand, Spirit Lore, Style, Ventrilo-

quism.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

In addition to the Abilities described in these
books, there are also several new Abilities nor-
mally available only to Gypsy characters. These
Abilities are passed down from parent to child,
and the information is jealously guarded by the
Rom. Although some of the Skills, such as Drink-
ing, are not limited to the Gypsies, no true member
of the Rom will teach a gaje the particular Romani
secrets of the trade.

New Sk

Bujo

You have learned the true art of the well-
planned swindle. The bujo involves convincing
people to freely give you their money and valu-
ables so that you can aid them in "cleansing their
souls" or "removing their bad luck." It is the mark
of a true artist to be able to pull off a successful
bujo.


This Skill involves establishing some sort of
fortune-telling business and then tricking clients
into giving large sums of money to your character.
(An example of this is given-in Chapter two.)
Characters with this Skill seer > a_summof
money equal to $5,000 times the number of suc>
cesses on a Wits + Bujo roll against the target's
Wits + 4. The character must spend at least one
week per $5,000 desired priming his mark for the
swindle.

A botch indicates the character's swindle has
been discovered by the mark. The results of a
botch vary from the mark's leaving in a huff with
all his money to being raided by the police while
the character is in the middle of making the final
switch.

° Novice: Can get change for the subway.

ee Practiced: Telemarketer

eee Competent: Sweet little old ladies are
just dying to give you their money.
Expert: Televangelists give money to
you.
© °0¢ Master: Could convince an M.D. that

the cure for cancer involves giving
you all his worldly goods.

Diversion

You have learned the art of directing the
attention of others where you wish it to be. Some-
times all eyes are drawn to you by even your
subtlest gesture, while at other times your glance
causes those around you to look elsewhere. You
find that when you control the attention of those
around you, all sorts of opportunities present them-
selves to you and your companions.

This Skill enables a character to direct the
attention of those around her. This Skill is similar
to Sleight of Hand, except on a far greater scale.
This Skill is most often used by one Rom to draw
attention to herself while her partner takes ad-
vantage of a mark's sudden inattention to her
merchandise. It is also invaluable to those who
wish to leave an awkward scene without attract-
ing attention to themselves. The character's
Diversion number of dice should be added to any
Manipulation rolls made involving distracting
others.

° Novice: Look! It's Godzilla!

Chapter Three: The Gypsy

Practiced: Can move through crowds un-

noticed.

eee Competent: Proficient at three-card
monte.

eoce

Expert: Can manipulate the atten-
tion of whole crowds.
eeeeeMaster: People see what you want
them to see.

Drinking

You have learned, through hard experience,
how to hold your liquor. You are now able to drink
a large amount of alcohol without having it impair
your abilities much at all. This comes in handy in
all sorts of situations, from getting information
out of the local biker gang to drinking your latest
gaje friend (and benefactor) under the table and
then helping yourself to the money you're sure he
was about to lend you...

Characters with this Skill are able to drink
large quantities of alcohol without becoming im-
paired. The character's Drinking rating should be
added to all Stamina rolls involving alcohol con-
sumption.

. Novice: You can make it through a bottle
of wine.

ee Practiced: Bar regular.

eee

Competent: Frat house champ.
eeee Expert: Norm!!!
¢ eee Master: Can out-drink a fish.

Fortune-Tell ng

When it comes to gazing into crystal balls,
making tables rise and rolling your eyes back in |
your head, you know your stuff. The gaje eat this
junk up, even though it doesn't have a thing to do
with real magic or the Sight. But it's a good way to
get information and money out of the gullible, and
anyone who falls for these tricks needs to be
taught a lesson!

This Skill is simply the ability to convince
others that your character knows how to tell
fortunes, read palms, etc. Characters with this
Skill can set up a fortune-telling business and
make some money at it. Additionally, characters
can add their Fortune-Telling dice to their Ma-
nipulation rating when attempting to gain
information from one of their clients.

° Novice: You can make your way
around a tarot deck.

ee Practiced: You look convincing mut-
tering into a crystal ball and have the
"tall, dark stranger" bit down pat.

eee Competent: Youare very familiar with all
the major fortune-telling devices and how
to employ them.

eeee Expert: Youare able touse many different
fortune-telling devices, and are practiced
at telling people what they want to hear.

eee Master: You could convince the Un-
canny Danny that you're the real thing.

Storytelling

You are able to weave a web of language that
can keep your audience entertained for hours on
end. You have whiled away many an evening
spinning your tales and sagas to others of your
kind as well as the gaje. You are held in high
esteem by your fellow Rom for your clever tongue
and keen wit.

Characters with this ability are able to tell
interesting and entertaining tales. This Skill is
highly prized among the Rom, and any Gypsy who
can tell a good story will most certainly find
herself plied with warm food, cold drink and a
comfortable place to sleep.

° Novice: Can tell a short joke.

oe Practiced: Know how to deliver a

punchline.

eee Competent: Invited to many parties.

¢ Expert: Can keep an audience awake
all night.
eee Master: Qualified to run Vampire.

The Talith

You have learned how to use the Romany
weapon known as the talith. The talith is a heavy
scarf, or diklo, of some 5-6' in length, with weighted
hooks and barbs along each end. You can use the
talith to disarm your opponents, or you can attack
them, slashing with the barbed hooks. The advan-
tage of reach combined with its concealability
make this weapon one of your favorite forms of
attack.

A character must be skilled in melee in order
to learn this specialized form of combat. The

50 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

talith is a difficult weapon to master. It requires
good coordination and a lot of practice. Although
it does not do much damage compared to a fire-
arm, the talith is practically impossible to detect
as a weapon, and it can be used to blind or disarm
opponents. The greater the character's Skill with
the Talith, the more varied the special maneuvers
and attacks of which the character is capable.

° Novice: Can blind opponent, giving
her a +1 target modifier.
ee Practiced: Can use talith as an actual

melee weapon.

eee Competent: Can use talith to disarm op-
ponents. Opponent must then make a
Strength roll (difficulty 6). If the Rom
rollsmoresuccessesona Dexterity + Talith
roll (difficulty 6) than her adversary she
successfully disarms him.

eeee Expert: Can use the talith as a second
weapon in melee (two attacks per ac-
tion). However, all difficulty numbers
are raised by +1.

@¢e¢ee Master: Can entangle opponent with
talith. Opponent must make a Dex-
terity roll (difficulty 6) to avoid en-
tanglement. If the Rom has more suc-
cesses she successfully entangles her
opponent, causing him to lose his next
action.

You are knowledgeable in the lore of your
people, the Rom. You have listened with care to
all the old tales, and can recount the history and
legends of your people.

This skill reflects the character's Knowledge
of the position Gypsies hold in the world, of the
Seeds of Knowledge, and of their role as wildcards
in the upcoming Convergence. The higher the
character's rating, the greater her Knowledge of
such secrets.

° Novice: You've sat through a few of

grandma's stories.

ee Practiced: You know the mundane

history of the Rom.

Chapter Three: The Gypsy St


Competent: Have heard of the Seeds
of Knowledge and Daenna.

Expert: Know of the true power of the
Blood of the Rom.

Master: Have heard all the tales and
understand the Rom's role in history.

Advantages

Advantages are not given priority levels as are
Abilities and Attributes. Instead, your character
receives a certain number of points to assign within
each category. Like vampires, Gypsy characters
can assign points to their Backgrounds and Vir-
tues. In addition, Gypsy characters have a third
advantage known as Blood Purity.

Backgrounds

Backgrounds are special resources available to
the character, representing such things as tempo-
ral power and connections to other Rom. Human
characters receive 5 points to spend on Back-
grounds. The Background traits given here are

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

open to all human Gypsy characters. As detailed
in any of the basic Storyteller books, certain Back-
ground traits are only available to vampires
(Ravnos), werewolves (Lupine), or mages (see
Chapter three). See the appropriate book for in-
formation on these traits and more details on most
of the traits listed below.

Allies

Allies are normally members of the character's
family. However, it is not uncommon for Gypsies
from other families to be counted as Allies of the
character. These Allies are people whom the char-
acter trusts and can count on in times of need.
However, it is rare that the Allies will risk them-
selves to save the character, unless the Allies are
very close kin.

Contacts
Gypsy Contacts are usually members of a city's
underworld. Often these are the only gaje with

whom a Gypsy maintains ties. Contacts may also
be influential members of the Rom themselves,
particularly elders and those with powerful magic.

Fame

For a Gypsy character, Fame has a double
edge. Fame earns a Gypsy respect among fellow
Rom, but she may also be known to certain gaje
police departments and other authorities that the
Gypsy would rather avoid. Fame can also repre-
sent the Gypsy's role as an entertainer. Many
Gypsies have become famous through their skill at
entertaining others.

Resources

Although Gypsies do not tend to have much
in the way of Resources, when they do, their funds
often come from sources outside of the main-
stream economy. Gypsies do not usually keep
much money, preferring to spend freely. Similarly,
Gypsies do not tend to value possessions as do the
gaje. Possessions come and go when they are
needed.

Chapter Three: The Gypsy

New Background

Talismans

You possess one or more magical talismans,
precious pieces of draba created by a skilled
drabarne. There are a wide array of draba available
to Gypsits, and lucky for you, you found someone
who parted with one of the valued items, or you
found a drabarne to create one for you. Draba are
very valuable to the Rom because of their varied
powers and because they are only usable by those
ess the Blood. The greater your score in
this Background, the more valuable the draba you

who pos

possess. You can possess a number of levels of
draba equal to your score in this Background. You
may possess more than one piece of draba, divid-
ing your score among the draba you possess. Draba
are more fully explained in Chapter four.
° You possess talismans worth one level
of draba.
ee You possess talismans worth two lev-
els of draba.

eee You possess talismans worth three lev-
els of draba.
eeee You possess talismans worth four lev-
els of draba.
@ eee You possess talismans worth five lev-
els of draba.
Virtues

Human Gypsies have nine points to spend on
Virtues (Courage, Self-Control, and Conscience).
Gypsy characters have a greater number of points
to spend on Virtues than most mortals, due to the
Gypsies' inherent connection to the universal life
force flowing through their veins. This connec-
tion is part of the genetic inheritance Daenna
bequeathed to her children.

Blood Purity

All Gypsies begin with one point of Blood
Purity. Additional points of Blood Purity can only
be gained by spending Freebie points. Blood Pu-
tity reflects the connection a Gypsy has to the
Blood of Daenna flowing in her veins. Although a
"full-Blooded" Gypsy is more likely to have a high
Blood Purity score, it is entirely possible that even
a Gypsy with only one parent of partial Gypsy
lineage could have as high a score. This is possible
because such a "marginal" Gypsy might have a
more intense connection to the magic in her
Blood than a diffident, full-Blooded Gypsy. How-
ever, it is rare for Gypsies of less than one quarter
"pure" Blood (descended from Daenna) to have a
Blood Purity score higher than two.

It is the Blood that makes Gypsies Rom. Blood
Purity is valued by all Gypsies; however its most
important effect is in the magical abilities and
Blood Affinities it gives to many of the Rom.

Even Gypsies with no magical powers value
Blood Purity highly, for their number of Blood
Purity dice is added to all rolls when using any
Blood Affinities. Their Blood also grants the Rom
group power. Gypsies are sometimes able to aid
their fellows through the strength of their Blood.
The more powerful an individual Rom's Blood,
the more help she is in such workings. (See Chap-
ter four for more information on group power.)

Blood Purity also limits the number of Blood
Affinities a Gypsy can attain. A Gypsy may only

have a number of Affinities equal to his Blood
Purity score. If his Blood Purity increases over
time as a result of honing his connection to his
heritage, the Gypsy may then learn another Blood
Affinity.

The only problem with having a high level of
Blood Purity is that gaje feel uneasy around truly
powerful Rom. The stronger the Blood sings in the
veins of a Rom, the stronger the gaje's aversion.
Such an aversion manifests itself in a variety of
responses, ranging from avoidance and hesitancy
in trusting the Gypsy, to outright hatred and even
murder. The reaction depends on both the cir-
cumstances and the individuals involved.

° You qualify as a true member of the Rom

«+. barely. Your first Social roll involving
a particular gaje is made at +1 difficulty.
You can have one Blood Affinity.

ee Youprobably haveat leastone full-Blooded
Romanigrandparent, and youare aware of
the power that flows in your veins. You
can have two Blood Affinities.

The Blood flows strongly in your veins.
Your first social interactions involving
gaje are made at +2 difficulty. The diffi-
culty of all Romani Social rolls are re-
duced by 1. You can have three Blood
Affinities.

You can feel the Blood sing in your veins,
and you have learned how to channel its
power with great facility. You can have
four Blood Affinities.

You are as in tune with the harmonies of
the Blood as Daenna herself. All initial
social interactions involving gaje are made
at +3 difficulty and future rolls are made at
+1 difficulty. All social interactions with
Romani receive a -2 to difficulty level
(minimum 3). You can have up to five

Blood Affinities.

Blood Affinities

The abilities below can only be used by the
Rom, as they require the special magic that flows
within Gypsy Blood. So although a gaje may learn
the moves of a dance or the words of asong, he will
not be able to produce the effect that a Gypsy can.
Despite this, the Rom do not consider such powers

S4 A World of Darkness: Gypsies


to be true magic, thinking of them as simply gifts
of their Blood. When using these special talents,
a Gypsy rolls Blood Purity + (Talent Rating) to
determine success. During character creation
Gypsies receive 3 points to spend on Blood Affini-
ties.

The Freebie cost of these abilities is listed on
the chart below. After the initial character cre-
ation process, these special abilities may only
improve with experience and Storyteller permis-
sion.

Dance of Knives

You have mastered the ancient Romani art of
fighting from the soul. As you move your body to
the rhythm of your Blood, your knives become an
extension of your body, and thus of your Blood.
When performing the Dance, you move at speeds
far beyond your normal capabilities, and your
body and knives combine in a lethal whirlwind of
motion.

This skill combines the beauty of dance with
the violence of combat. Gypsies with this ability
use the power of their Blood to fall into a trance-
like state, in which they become extremely efficient
fighting machines. The dancer may either use her
knives and feet in hand-to-hand combat, or she
may hurl her knives at a more distant opponent.
The character's rating in this skill equals the
number of attacks possible in a turn, so a character
with a rating of three could attack up to three
times in one turn. This also means that a character
with only one dot in the Dance of Knives attacks
normally. The first dot merely represents the ini-
tial learning of the movements. True mastery
comes at higher levels.

Due to the tremendous difficulty of the Dance
of Knives, the character's rating in this skill may
never exceed her Blood Purity.

Instinct

You always seem to know when to look over
your shoulder and when not to take that shortcut
through the dark alley. When you get a bad feeling
about someone, it really means something, and
you sometimes notice things that don't seem im-
portant at the time, but end up being critical.

This talent is a mild form of "sixth sense.
Characters with this Affinity add their Instinct

Chapter Three: The Gypsy 55


rating to any rolls regarding the character's per-
sonal safety. The Storyteller may even wish to roll
the character's Instinct dice in situations where a
strong danger exists but the character has no
normal way to detect this. In such cases Instinct +
Perception should be rolled (difficulty of 8). If the
roll is successful, the character should get a bad
feeling about the situation. This would range from
feeling "funny" about a person who means to bilk
the character out of her money to not wanting to
start a car wired to explode.

Ifa roll is botched, the Storyteller should give
the character some misleading information.
(Botches work much better when the Storyteller
makes the Instinct roll). For example, if the char-
acter is deciding which alley to run down to avoid
the pack of angry thugs she just swindled, the
character would get a bad feeling about the alley
that leads to a clean getaway. Whoops.

This Affinity only works in regard to the
character herself and is not added to rolls where
the character is not in any personal danger.

° Novice: You generally have an um-
brella with you when it rains.
Practiced: You never get cold-cocked
ina fight.

Competent: Good private eye material.

Expert: You never answer the phone

when a creditor calls.

@°°¢ Master: Jungle predators could learn
from you.

Luck

Ever since you were small you've been able to
get out of even the roughest scrapes. It seems like
whenever you really need it, the dice roll in your
favor, the man looks the other way, or she believes
your excuse about that flat tire.

This talent enables the character to add an
extra die or two to a dice pool when she decides
things look really bad. However, each Luck die
can only be used once per story. So, if the charac-
ter has three points of Luck she might use one
point (die) early on to win at gambling, but then
she only has two Luck dice to use when she's
confronted by three angry bouncers at the club.

° Novice: You find pennies on side-

walks.

A World of Darkmess: Gypsies

Practiced: You can always finda park-
ing spot.

Competent: You would have been
kicked off the Titanic before it set sail.
Expert: You've been thrown out of a
lot of casinos.

Master: Compared to you, James Bond
is one unlucky guy.

Mag Cc

There are four different types of magical skills
peculiar to the Rom. Each one of these is a unique
skill, although some powerful mages have more
than one gift at their disposal. No Gypsy can
acquire any magical skill at a rating greater than
that of her Blood Purity score. The magic of the
Rom is explored in detail in Chapter four, but the
four types of magic are described briefly here.

Evil Eye: This ability allows the Gypsy to
place or remove curses upon victims of her choos-
ing.

The Sight: Gypsies with the Sight can gain
insights into both the recent past and possibilities
of the future.

Mediumship: The ability to contact the spirit
world.

Draba: The ability to create magical devices
such as charms, potions and amulets.

Trath of the Rom

You are an extremely sincere person. You
always tell the truth no matter who youare talking
to — even when you speak to a gaje. You seem to
be able to convince even yourself of the real truth
of any situation, regardless of those seeming "facts"
others speak of.

This ability enables a Rom to lie truthfully. In
other words, the character is such a good liar that
he even believes himself (while telling the "truth").
This is not to say that the character doesn't realize
what actually happened, but just that he pushes
the information so far back in his mind that, when
necessary, even he doesn't remember it. This en-
ables the character to beat any sort of lie detector,
Empathy Talent, or shrewd cop. Whenever the
character attempts a lie, each point of this talent
subtracts one success from the target's Perception
roll. So if the character has two points in Truth of


the Rom, someone using a lie detection device
would need at least three successes to detect any
deception at all.
° Novice: Can manage simple yes/no
situations.
ee Practiced: Can call in sick with con-
viction.
Competent: Can get through an LAPD
interrogation.
Expert: Able to pass a lie detector test
with flying colors.
© Master: Even Mom believes the dog
ate your homework.

Zapaderin

You have learned the rhythmic motions, in-
tricate patterns and fluid gestures of the
mesmerizing dance known as Zapaderin. When
you perform this dance, all those not of the Blood
soon come under the spell of your grace, the
trance of the rhythm. This mesmerizing dance
requires constant practice and discipline, which
you have in full measure.

A character with this skill is able to cause
anyone not of Romani Blood to become mesmer-
ized. Unlike hypnotism, this skill does not require
a willing target. However, watchers are not com-
pletely powerless. If a character can perform this
dance for at least 10 minutes, she causes anyone
watching to fall into a state in which they become
far more compliant and agreeable to suggestions.
The effective Willpower of those watching the
dance falls by one for every success the character
rolls on an Appearance + Zapaderin roll (diffi-
culty 6). This effect lasts for as long as the character
dances.

Chapter Three: The Gypsy

Novice: Can perform the dance with
out any blatant errors.

ee Practiced: People love to watch you
move.

Competent: You make bellydancers
jealous.

Expert: When you dance all eyes are
on you.

© Master: Salome, eat your heart out!

Last Touches

It is now time to spend your Freebie points.
Human characters have 21 such points to spend.
The cost per dot to raise the various Traits is listed
below.

Attributes: 5

Blood Purity: 4

Elements: 7

Blood Affinities: 3

Abilities: 2

Virtues: 2

Willpower: 1

Humanity: 1

Backgrounds: 1

This takes care of your character's basic statis-
tics. Of course, a bunch of numbers on a sheet of
paper is still a long way from a fully fleshed char-
acter. Once the bare bones of the character are
down on paper, the player should think about the
character's personality, goals, needs, and inter-
ests. It is also a good idea for the Storyteller and
player to get together and make some decisions
about what defining events have shaped the char-
acter, before the chronicle even begins.


58 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

apter Four:

he Magic

Didn't know what time it was, the lights were low

I leaned back on my

radio

Some cat was layin' down some rock‘n' roll ‘lotta

soul, he said

Then the loud sound did seem to fade

Came back like a slow voice on a wave of phase

That weren't no D.J. that was hazy cosmic jive

— David Bowie, "Starman"

Magic A
Thelen

While many Gypsies are not gifted with the
Sight or other esoteric abilities, magic is an ac-
knowledged part of any Gypsy's life. It has long
been known that many Gypsies possess the ability
to catch glimpses of both the past and the future,
or to give an enemy bad luck with merely a glance.
Some Gypsies can speak with the dead while
others can cast spells. Certain clans maintain
their own, specialized abilities, while others have
rejected (or have lost) potential possessed by most
of their race.

Of course this does not mean that your aver-
age Joe who stops by his local fortune-telling shop
to speak to his dear-departed aunt, or ducks into
Madame Eva's tent at the Gypsy carnival to have
his palm read, is going to be the beneficiary of true
Gypsy magic. Even if his chosen Gypsy consultant
has a real gift, she may not strain herself by using
it to aida mere gaje. Of course she might, but don't
hold your breath waiting.

Young Gypsies usually discover their talents
early in life. Just as they notice developing physi-
cal and mental talents, the child's parents will
inevitably be watching for any signs of potential
magical talent in their youngster. The Phuri Dae
go so far as to elaborately test each child, and have

Chapter Four: The Magic

evolved a number of games that aim to bring
latent talent to the surface. No matter how or
when talent is discovered, a child so gifted will
normally be taught to use that talent for the
benefit of herself, her family and all Romani.

Magic specific to the Rom can be grouped into
four distinct abilities or talents. While some Gyp-
sies possess more than one of these abilities, the
majority of talented Gypsies possess (or at least
focus upon) only one particular talent.

Some Gypsies also have other psychic abili-
ties, suchas telekinesis (the ability tomove objects
through thought alone) or the ability to travel
astrally. Although these are true talents and those
Gypsies who possess them are encouraged to de-
velop their psychic abilities, these abilities are not
specific to the Gypsies and are not granted by the
Blood. Since these abilities are not granted by the
Blood they cannot be "boosted" by a gathering of
Gypsies.

Only human characters may have these abili-
ties, known as Numina. More information on
psychic abilities and other Numina can be found
in The Hunters Hunted and The Vampire Play-
ers Guide Second Edition.

Ravnos Shilmulo

and The Blood

Although most Ravnos Gypsies

are human, a
small percentage of such Gypsies have received
the eternal Embrace, or tumnimos. Such Gypsies
become vampires. For those Raynos so changed,
the very process of becoming shilmulo strips the
Gypsy of that which truly made her a Gypsy: the
Blood. This has profound physical and psycho-
logical effects on a Gypsy who possessed magical
abilities or any Blood Affinities.

With the draining of the Blood, the Gypsy
forever loses her Blood-given abilities, even as she
gains immortality. The change from human to
vampire means de ating loss for any so af-
fected, but for those with the power, the loss of
s especially difficult. It is not
possible to be a vampire and to maintain any of the
Blood Affinities or any human magical abilities
whatsoever (including Numina). All are forfeited
with the change.

magical senses

60

Paradox and the Rom

Although Gypsies are considered Awak-
ened beings, the vast majority of Rom suffer
no Paradox effects. Although Gypsies have an
extraordinarily flexible view of reality com-
pared to most people, they still believe the
universe functions under a series of fixed laws
that the Gypsies cannot alter (sidestep, yes,
but alter, no). Their magic operates under
fixed laws, and is considered "hedge magic" by
true mages.

There are, however,-a-few Gypsies who
have both the power of their Romani Blood
and the power of4n Awakened Avatar avail-
able to them. Such Rom are few in number,
but are among the most innately gifted of all
mages. These mages can manipulate reality
with far more freedom than their brethren;
however, they are also subject to the effects of
Paradox. Any fully Awakened Gypsy mage is
open to the effects of Paradox even when
using these skills, although all traditional
Gypsy magic is considered coincidental magic.
Their Avatars are awakened, and thus they are
always vulnerable to the possibility of gaining
Paradox. It is a price they pay for their greatly
increased abilities.

Players who wish to create Gypsies who
are also full mages should consult Mage: The
Ascension and Ascension's Right Hand for
more information on creating mage charac-
ters.

However, a Gypsy shilmulo does retain the
knowledge of how to utilize any such abilities. As
explained in The Vampire Players Guide, when
a vampire drinks from a mortal with psychic abili-
ties, she may be unable to control the ability as
long as she maintains the "psychic" blood in her
vampiric body. For example, if a vampire sups
froma telekinetic, she may notice objects hurtling
uncontrollably around her at the most inconve-
nient times. The same holds true for any vampire
who drinks from a Gypsy with the Sight or any
other ability: The talent may manifest itself un-
controllably while the vite is in the vampire's
body.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

The only exception to this inability to control
a psychic or Blood talent is a Ravnos who once
had that particular ability. A Ravnos who, as a
mortal, possessed, say, the Sight, may once again
have use of the Sight while the seer's Blood flows
in her veins. Many Ravnos who discover this
peculiarity of the Blood travel closely with mem-
bers of their human kin, just as they did while
alive, in order to have a fresh supply of Romani
Blood available to them. While some Ravnos
families accept the shilmulo into their kumpania,
most Gypsies will do everything in their power to
avoid becoming part of a Ravnos vampire's special
Gypsy Herd.

Some Ravnos shilmulo apparently find Romani
Blood too heady and intoxicating to resist. There
aré tales of Ravitos vampires who, having discov-
ered this quirk of the Blood, became hunters of
their own people, searching out and even killing
their fellow Rom in order to feel the echo of their
lost Romani power and heritage flowing through
their veins. Of course, in violating his family thus,
the vampire slips ever-further from the brother-

hood of his past. He is left only with the teasing
echo of his former self; the mocking reminder of
his former humanity.

In practice, a Ravnos vampire may use any of
his former Blood-given abilities only while Gypsy
Blood remains in his body. It costs one Blood
Point to activate a nascent power. Once acti-
vated, the ability is available to the character for
the duration of the particular scene. Blood Points
drunk from a Romani are, of cours
normally by the vampire as well. The character
may not "hoard" the Gypsy Blood Points for use in
activating his former abilities. Blood Points are
always used up in the order they are acquired.

, also used

Group Power

The Blood of the Gypsies makes the Rom
different from the other humans roaming the
land. The Rom are so conscious of this distinction
that they do not speak of Blood unless they are
only among fellow Rom and the matter is impor-
tant. The Blood of Daenna and the power of the

Chapter Four: The Magic


Fruit of the Tree of Knowledge sing within each
Rom to a greater or lesser degree, but it is always
there. Many older Gypsies claim to be able to
identify a fellow Rom from a half-mile away or
farther, simply by observing the way he walks.

The Blood sings not just to the individual
Rom herself, but to all others of her kind. This
connection is strengthened when Gypsies band
together, until the air around a large gathering of
Rom fairly crackles and hums with energy. It may
be this aura which makes the gaje so leery of
Gypsies, especially those with true power.

Long ago, the Rom discovered that the magi-
cal energies of their Blood could be combined and
channeled into a tool of even greater power when
focused through a single Rom. It is said that the
first group of Rom to do this had been chased high
into the Turkish countryside by a group of Turks
bent on the destruction of Gypsies in general, and
the destruction of these Gypsies in particular.
Higher and higher the kumpania fled, until its
members reached the heights of Mount Ararat
itself. Exhausted and injured, their trail marked by
footprints of Blood, the five Gypsies stumbled
into a small cave, too tired to go farther. Behind
and below them, the sound of clattering hooves
broadcast their approaching doom.

Then it was that Kordin, a Gypsy skilled in the
Dance of the Knives, told the others of his
kumpania he would try to dance, although every
muscle in his body screamed in pain and he had
only his eating dagger with which to fight. Rising
to their feet, the four remaining members of
Kordin's kumpania gathered around him and whis-
pered words of encouragement. As Kordin prepared
to leave the cave, Zerba, the eldest of the group
and Kordin's lover, grasped his dagger by the
blade, coating it with her own Blood. So doing,
Zerba told Kordin to carry the strength of her
Blood as well as his own into combat. Each of the
remaining kumpania members followed Zerba,
blooding the blade and swearing their strength.
Kordin too, joined in this Blood oath, swearing his
allegiance to his kumpania. As he did so, Kordin
could feel a heady mixture of power and fierce joy
rise up within himself. Leaving the cave and his
kumpania, Kordin awaited the Turks.

From that battle between one Gypsy and 20
Turks, not one Turk returned. Never before was

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

the Dance of Knives performed with such deadly
skill and grace. Kordin himself always maintained
he could remember nothing of the battle, save his
own voice singing "The Fatted Pig and Two Tuns
of Wine," a Romani fire song of joy.

Thus, it is said, the ability of the Blood to
augment itself through the use of Blood Foci was
first discovered.

Blood Foci

Gypsies are able to temporarily increase the
capabilities of any Blood Affinity in one of their
members. In order to do so, the Gypsies must each,
in turn, shed their own Blood onto some object
the targeted Rom will carry while she uses her
now-supplemented Affinity. Whoever is the focus
of the Blood oath must be the last Gypsy to add her
Blood to the object. Such objects are typically
knives, needles or other piercing instruments; but
Blood swearings have also been done on objects
ranging from the Gypsy's torn T-shirt to a com-
puter mouse

In game terms, each participating Rom must
spend one point of Willpower as he adds at least a
few drops of his own Blood in order to join in the
Blood swearing. Once all participating Rom have
added their Blood (and Willpower) to the object,
the Gypsy using the combined power must add his
own Blood and Willpower to the Focus. The
Blood Focus adds to the power of any Blood Affin-
ity, whether it is Zapaderin or the Evil Eye.

In practice, the Blood Focus will aid the Gypsy
with any one Blood Affinity for the duration of a
scene. The amount of aid the Focus provides
depends on the combined number of Blood Purity
dots the participating Gypsies (including the Gypsy
using the Focus) possess. For every three Blood
Purity points possessed by the participating Gyp-
sies, the Gypsy using the Focus gains an automatic
success for that scene. The Gypsy with the Focus
may use these automatic successes every time she
uses the chosen Blood Affinity for the duration of
the scene. She can choose how many of the auto-
matic successes she will use on any given test;
however, just as when using Willpower, she must
declare the number of successes used before she
rolls.


Blood Purity Points Automatic Successes

1-3 1
4-6 2
7-9 3
10-12 4
13-15 5

If enough Blood Purity points have been di-
rected into the Focus, the augmented power of an
Affinity can be truly awesome. However, such
Foci must be used before the Blood on the Focus
dries. In typical conditions this means the Gypsy
must begin using her specified Blood Affinity
within 15 minutes of the creation of the Focus

For example, let's say a kumpania of five young
Gypsies is trapped inside a burning punk club,
thanks to a gang of neo-Nazi arsonists. The mem-
bers of the kumpania quickly realize that they are
in deep trouble, as they are eight floors up and the
stairways are already ablaze. Conferring quickly,

the group decides its best bet is to create a Blood
Focus centered on Day Spinner, a Gypsy with the
Affinity of Instinct, in the hopes that with the
added power of their combined Blood, he can spy
some way out of their current death trap.

Passing around Day Spinner's switchblade,
the Rom quickly add their Blood (and Willpower)
to the blade. The breakdown of Blood Purity is as
follows: Julia has 3 dots of Blood Purity, Jordon
has 1, Indigo has 4, Laughing Boy has 3, and Day
Spinner has 2. Adding these numbers up
(3+1+4+3+3 = 14), the Gypsies find they can give
Day Spinner five automatic successes on his In-
stinct rolls.

Once the Blood Focus has been primed, Day
Spinner goes into action, searching his surround-
ings for the best way out. Day Spinner's player
declares he's throwing three successes into this
test. He then makes an Instinct roll (Instinct +
Perception) against a difficulty of 7, achieving
only one success. Luckily for Day Spinner and his

Chapter Four: The Magic

A World of Darkmess: Gypsies

kumpania, Day Spinner's player added in three
The Story-
teller decides this is enough for Day Spinner to
notice the old dumbwaiter hidden behind a half-
collapsed section of roof, still in place from when
the building was a hotel. The Storyteller tells Day
Spinner's player that the dumbwaiter
untouched by the fire, but that it might not be that
way for long.

successes, for a total of four succe:

is so far

Making another Instinct roll, the player de-
clares he is throwing the remaining two successes
into the roll. Day Spinner rolls two more successes
+ his two automatic successes, for a total of four
successes. The Storyteller tells Day Spinner that
he feels the dumbwaiter is the way to go. Now.
Cramming in two ata time, the characters manage
to get to the basement and out one of the windows
without getting toasted. Of course there are still

those psycho-Nazis to deal with ...

In theory, there is no limit to the number of
Gypsies who can add the
a Blood Focus. This fact may be one of the reasons
the Gypsies have been so persecuted. It is likely
that at least certain of the more knowledgeable

support of their Blood to

mages and elder vampires, in particular elders of
the Verbena tradition and Ravnos clan, know of
this additive peculiarity of Gypsy Blood. Such
edivsdurlaal somnemiretoraoenteatielamadita
power a large group of pure Gypsies could focus
through one of their members, and would wish to
a

take steps to neutralize such a potential thre
As a side note, it is unlikely that any of the
Tremere yet recognize the power of Gypsy vit, as
there is no evidence of any persecution by this
group of shilmulo. Given their penchant for blood
magic, they would surely attempt to control the
Gypsies and place the Rom in their Herds.

The Sight

I'm hearing right and wrong so clearly

There must be something more than this

It's only in uncertainty

That we're naked and alive

Peter Gabriel, "That Voice Again"

When the gaje think of a Gypsy, they often
picture a shriveled old woman wrapped in a shawl,
cackling over palms and muttering vague-yet-


ominous prophesies of the client's future. Or they
imagine a voluptuous young woman with raven
hair and colorful skirts staring into a crystal ball
and speaking of tall, dark and handsome strangers
that will soon be knocking on the client's door.
It's true that Gypsies often adopt these stereotypi-
cal roles when attempting to gain as much money
as they possibly can from their target. However,
when a Gypsy with the true gift of Sight uses her
ability, the results can be truly powerful — and
sometimes frightening.

A Gypsy with the Sight does not have com-
plete control over all aspects of this ability. She is
not always able to step out of the linear timeline
in which we function to gain insight into both the
future and the past. Both disciplined concentra-
tion and relaxation are imperative for the successful
use of this Affinity. When attempting to use the
Sight, a Gypsy normally favors one or two particu-
lar fortune-telling (or dukkerin) methods
the most common methods of fortune

Some of

elling are
listed below. A Gypsy with the Sight greatly
values any and all of her fortune-telling tools, be
they tarot decks, dice, crystals, ete. Normally, a
Sighted Gypsy will carry her tools wrapped in silk,
and will allow no other to touch her tools for fear
the contact will somehow make them marhime
(impure) and therefore less likely to impart true
visions.

For characters with the Sight, players must
choose either one of the major methods of Seeing
or two of the minor methods of divination, or
make up another that her character favors. If a
character is forced to use a dukkerin method she is
not trained in, or does not have her favored dice,
tarot cards, etc., available, the difficulty level of
any attempt at using her Sight to look into the
past or future is increased by +2.

When a character attempts to use the Sight
during a story, the Storyteller should ask the
player w
This could range from a general reading about the
health of an individual to the specific ramifica-
tions of some action. The base difficulty level
when using the Sight is 8. A character attempting
to determine whether a particular building will be
empty for the next few hours might have to roll
against a difficulty of 8. Let's say people are going

information the character is seeking.

The Threads of Time

For the Romani seers, time is not a linear con-
cept. Such a narrow conception of reality only makes
aRom laugh. They reason that the poor gaje scien-
tists, who mumble and fret over their test tubes and
telescopes and frog's guts, throwing numbers and
charts and formulae at the mysteries of the world, are
childishly attempting to keep their own simplified
creation of reality intact. The scientists' reality is
linear and simple, and they whoop and holler with
glee when one of their myopic number drafts yet
another formula that ties down the world and holds
it in place.

But the world is a squirming, living slice of bright
chaos, and it will not be restrained forever, no matter
how many ropes of logic the scientists lasso around it.
Nope. This sucker's a twisting bronco that makes their
DNA, RNA and Hooray just a bunch of hooey. The
Rom only hope the scientists have a few teddy bears
among their test tubes. They're going to need them
when they finally realize that life isstill primordial soup,
and current human culture is just a particularly big
bubble that's someday going to pop. Take time, for
instance, say the seers. Now, time doesn't just march on
like a good little soldier, never turning back, never
looking to the side. No sirree. Time is the ultimate
escape artist with a contortionist's body.

To do the lockjawed types a big favor, the Rom
explain time as a million, million, billion threads
interweaving and splitting. But sorry folks, there
aren't any Norns, no spinning sisters keeping the
threads in line. We all, each of us, reach into the
morass and twist and turn and yank and cut at the
threads (or if we're scientist/one-reality types we irort
like a launderer on speed) and move along time at a
more-or-less-steady rate. But anyone who's noted
how time can fly like a bird or crawl like a turtle
knows that time is not immutable — no matter how
many watches tick-tock.

Just one more thought and we'll stop needling
those linear stooges: Seers haye one up on the rest of
us mortals. Not only can these Rom play with the
threads; the seers can loop, knot and lasso those
threads, and thus they can tune into other spots on
the dial and check out the happenings there. They
can't get to then or when from now, but they can
sometimes get an eyeball in on the proceedings.

But keep in mind that although select Gypsies
can ogle the threads of time, some celestial cat can
always come along and play with the skein of time,
and when that happens, who knows what the future
holds?

Chapter Four: The Magic


to be in the building. If the character then at-
tempts to determine who exactly will be in the
building, the difficulty would rise to a 9 or 10.
Clarity of Sight varies with the number of
successes a character gains. For every success the
character achieves, he receives one specific image
or impression. For instance, if Katarina, a Phuri
Dae with the Sight, achieves three successes while
attempting to reach into the past to determine
who murdered her friend, she will receive three
pieces of information. In this case the Storyteller
tells Katarina's player that she feels a definite
masculine presence, and that she is certain her
friend knew her killer. Finally, the Storyteller
informs the player that Katarina also has a distinct
impression of the man's face, and that she will be
able to recognize him on sight. If Katarina had
only achieved two successes, she would not have

received this final image.

When providing information through the
Sight, be certain the information is useful, but
remember that such information tends to be eryp-
tic in nature. This is especially true for information
given about the future. Information should also be
vague and general, but grow increasingly specific
and useful with greater numbers of successes.

A character may only attempt to learn infor-
mation about a specific person, thing or event
once, regardless of how much success (or lack
thereof) she has
able to gain any additional information about the

in the attempt. She will not be

same exact subject unless she actually uncovers
new data about the subject, thus giving her a new
focus.

The amount of time the character can attempt
to look into the past or future is determined by her
level of skill. The greater the seer's skill, the
further her mind can reach across the threads of
time,

Every of the Sight costs one point of
Willpowe

. Novice: The character can see up to |

month into the past and 2 weeks into the

future.
ee Practiced: The character can see up to |
year into the past and 6 months into the
future.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Competent: The character can see up to
10 years into the past and 5 years into the
future.
eeee Expert: The character can see up to 100
years into the past and 50 years into the
future.

© Master: The character can see any point
in the past or future, though the difficulty
foranything beyond 100 years past and 50
years forward is 10.

Greater Augur

The methods of fortune-telling listed below
are those most common to the Gypsies. They are
also the most powerful. Whether this is due to the
nature of the methods themselves or to the fact
that they have been longer-practiced by the Rom
is unclear. None of these methods is more effec-
tive than another; it is equally easy to discern
answers regarding any subject when utilizing one
of these methods of scrying. By the same token,
none of the greater auguries are especially attuned
to a particular type of scrying, as are the lesser

es

auguries. Each of the greater auguries has its own
peculiarities of form, but all are essentially the
same in function.

The player may choose either one of these
sctying methods or two of the lesser auguries.

Crystal Gazing: When using this method to
overcome the limits of time and see the past or the
future, the Gypsy stares into a crystal ball, a mirror
or even a black bowl filled with water. Dim lights
are preferable — ideally one candle placed so as
not to reflect on the surface of the crystal or the
water. The Gypsy then relaxes and looks intently
into the crystal or into the water until a vision
appears to her. If the Gypsy is attempting to
discover specific information, she will allow the
subject in question to constantly "float" just on
the surface of her mind.

Tarot Cards: There are many different ver-
sions of the tarot deck. Most Gypsies have a
particular version they favor. In fact, many users
of the tarot create their own decks. Unlike playing
cards, the various symbols and pictures on each
tarot card can be as meaningful as the numbers
and names of the cards themselves. When the
catds are turned face up on the table they can have

\
en
Sh A MB
as
\ on
Hil
= —_
/

! 1

‘|
NY

Ty

Chapter Four: The Magic


many different interpretations. It is the Gypsy's
Sight that ferrets out the specific meanings appli-
cable to the particular reading. Her eyes will be
drawn to certain parts of the images, to certain
interpretations of the numerals, and from these
she gains insight into the problem or question at
hand.

Tea Leaves: When reading tea leaves, the
Gypsy usually uses a specific, favored tea set. She
brews a rather bitter draught known as meski and
has the person who is in need of her Sight drink
down the tea. When the tea has been entirely
consumed, the seer takes the cup and stares into
its depths. The tea leaves form a pattern against
the side of the cup. Staring long and hard at the
cup, both the seer and the client (or just the seer
if she is reading her own leaves) concentrate on
the question or problem at hand. Slowly the Gypsy
recognizes images formed by the leaves, and she
then allows her Sight to interpret the meaning of
these symbols for her.

Lesser Auguries

The greater auguries comprise the most popu-
fepucid fleattlescrlew oh rortineaellingamony the
Gypsies. However, there are many other methods
available. Some are age-old,
only sprung up in recent years. Each of the lesser
auguries specializes ina certain type of knowledge,
and it is easier for seers to follow the threads of

while others have

time along this path. Characters gain a -2 diffi-
culty modifier when searching for knowledge that

falls within their lesser augury's specialty area. For
example, a Gypsy seer using dazing (specialty:
death knowledge) attempting to look back in time
at a murder receives a -2 difficulty modifier to her
attempt.

Although it is possible to attempt to gain any
type of knowledge with a lesser augury, the chances
of learning anything about other areas of knowl-
edge is slim. Characters receive a +2 modifier to
the difficulty level of any other type of knowledge.
In the example above, the seer using the dazing
augury decides to look into the future to deter-
mine if her lover will be unfaithful. She receives a
+2 difficulty level to this attempt, as it is not
directly related to death.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Clever players may be able to use both their
methods of lesser augury to learn about the same
incident or person; however, they must be careful
to concentrate on the subject from two entirely
different angles, or else their vision will be blocked
as discussed above. For example, the seer Katerina
could use her skill at dazing to determine some of
the facts regarding a murder. She could then use
her skill at fire reading to determine more about
the murderer's passions, perhaps determining that
the murderer both loved and hated his victim.

A few of the rarer and/or newer methods, or
lesser auguries, are listed below. Storytellers and
players should feel free to create other types of
lesser auguries, deciding what type of knowledge
each method specializes in.

(or

ting: Whether the casting is done with
runes, dice, sticks, crystals
other materials, the seer studies the pattern of the
toss. Searching out patterns, placement, and in

stones or a host of

some cases markings, the seer seeks the informa-
tion her Blood tells her is revealed in the cast.
Many Rom always carry dice or dominoes with
which to make castings for both gaje marks and
themselves.

Specialties: Knowledge of accidents, unex-
pected actions, and acts of fate

Dazing: Bright strobes, neon lights and the
overpowering blare of driving music are often
combined in the visionary method known as daz-
ing. Ata minimum, the seer must steadily stare at
bright; Hashing lights for several minutes; The
seer lets the light and the after-images flash across
s while the vision (hopefully) imprints
itself on her mind's eye. A recent phenomenon
among the Rom, this method of invoking the
Sight is most common among the seers of the
Keni Tribe (Slayers).

For Gvoavaeers whoien joy hacking andother

her e

computer-related activities, the monitor can aid
in the dazing process. A few such seers have been
known to use fractals to induce vis

ons.
Specialty:

Death knowledge.

Fire Reading: The hypnotic flames of the
Romani campfires licking into the night sky have
long been useful in stirring the visions of the
prophets among the Rom. A seer who chooses this
method will sit before an open fire, perhaps toss-

ing small handfuls of salt onto the fire as it dies
down. For those with the Sight, images may dance
within the shining flames and smoke of the fire.
This method is particularly favored by the seers of

the Lupine clan.

Specialty: Knowledge regarding matters of love
and hate.

Hand Reading: Often known as palmistry,
this method of dukkerin actually involves the
subject's entire hand. Although many gaje think

hand reading is as simple as searching out a life

line here and a love line there, hand reading is a
highly exacting method requiring years of study.
Every lump and whorl, every line and callous, the
length of the fingers and the breadth of the hand
— all are studied to gain insights into the indi-
vidual in question. Often the Gypsy giving the
reading will ask many questions of her subject
over the course of the reading.

Specialty: This augury may only be used to
determine events directly related to the indi-
vidual being studied, or involving his or her direct
ancestors and descendants. Any sort of knowledge
can be determined; however, the seer receives the
+2 difficulty modifier when attempting to deter-
mine information about the subjects' ancestors or
ndants.

dese
Knives and Needles: Both knives and needles
can be used to discern relatively simple informa-
tion using the Sight. The knife or needle is
suspended by a piece of string or thread and al-
lowed to hang free. A piece of paper with a few
simple answers on it, or perhaps a map, is placed
beneath the instrument. The seer then places one
finger lightly on top of the makeshift apparatus.
Concentrating on the desired information, the
| seer relaxes. If the seer is successful, the knife or
needle will slowly begin to move back and forth in
the dir
on the map.

ction of the correct answer or proper place

Among certain city Rom, the practice of keep-

| ing the special needle pierced in an ear lobe or

other body part, except when used in the divina-

tion, has become very popular recently. Those

who do this maintain that it provides more accu-
rate readings.

Specialty: Knowledge regarding where and

when things and people are in time and space.

Chapter Four: The Magic


Thrashing: Some of the younger Rom use the
frenetic energy and release of dance to bring their
talent into focus. This method is frequently ac-
companied by alcohol and drug use, but not always.
Thrashing, slamming, and other frenetic dance
forms seem to work best. As with the method of
dazing, discussed above, just when the seer's body
reaches its physical limits he is often violently
besieged with images and symbols. It is wise for
those who use this method to keep a tape recorder
going, because the seer usually loses consciousness
soon after the images fade, and the visions are
often forgotten upon waking.

Specialty: Knowledge of pain and conflict.

The Evil Eye

Since that night I'm not the same
Desire breeds an ugly stain inside me
Satisfaction never comes

It's always dark and yet still I run
Even when I close my eyes

You torture me.

Waking in a chilling sweat

Pounding heart inside my chest I'm screaming

— Melissa Etheridge, "I Want You"

The Evil Eye has caused great fear throughout
history. Even today, many people make gestures or
buy charms to ward off the Evil Eye and its effects.
Often thought to be possessed only by certain
ancient and evil women, it has been used as an
excuse for numerous atrocities committed against
both Gypsies and women. Many of the women
accused of witchcraft during the Inquisition were
said to have cursed their neighbors by employing
the Evil Eye. Of course, almost all the women
accused, tortured and killed were utterly inca-
pable of using this powerful method of attack.
They were simply unfortunate victims of the para-
noia and misogyny of the times.

Certain Gypsies, both male and female, pos-
sess the Evil Eye ability. Among the Rom, the Evil
Eye is a powerful and respected ability, but it also
tends to isolate the individual so gifted. Others,
even the Romani, are nervous around these people.
More than most other Gypsies, the Romani who
have the power of the Evil Eye also po:
of strangeness and fear.

ss an aura

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Gypsies with the Evil Eye receive a +1 diffi-
culty modifier to all Social rolls involving gaje or
Romani. This modifier is in addition to any other
modifications the character may have due to her
degree of Blood Purity. Note that this difficulty
does not apply to vampires and the like.

Characters attempting to use the Evil Eye
should state what they wish to happen to their
victim, e.g.: "Bad fortune befall you!", "Hope you
get one wicked case of athlete's foot!", or what
have you. The effects of the Evil Eye can vary, but
should include consequences such as automatic
botches, the Storyteller taking away dice from an
affected character's roll, or a temporary loss in
appearance due to the sudden emergence of clumps
of fungus on unfortunate areas of a character's
anatomy. The downside to all of this for the
Romani using the Evil Eye is that if she botches,
she affects herself instead!

Characters using the Evil Eye must make an
Evil Eye + Manipulation roll (difficulty of the
target's Willpower + 2).

As indicated below, the number of successes
rolled when using the Evil Eye determines both
the intensity and duration of the curse. A charac-
ter who uses the Evil Eye may remove its effects at
any time (unless she is the one affected).

One Success: Curse affects victim for one
week. Victim is mildly affected (loses one die on
some Skill rolls, grows a wart on her cheek, botches
one roll, etc.).

Two Successes: Curse affects victim for one
month, loses one die on 10 different Skill rolls,
receives 3 automatic botches, ete.

Three Successes: Curse affects victim for six
months, 6 automatic botches, lose 1-2 dice from
half of her Skill rolls for the duration, or loses all
her hair.

Four Successes: Curse affects victim for one
year, 12 automatic botches, 2-3 dice from half her
Skill rolls for the duration, or receives a severe
disease or injury.

Five Successes: Curse affects victim indefi-
nitely. Effects are similar to four successes above,
except that the results of the Evil Eye are perma-
nent if not removed by magical or miraculous
means.

The Evil Eye may be warded off through the
use of a piece of draba designed for that purpose,
with the strength of the draba negating that num-
ber of Evil Eye successes. However, once the draba
has been overcome by a Gypsy using the Evil Eye,
it is rendered useless. See the Draba section (be-
low) for more information about this Romani art.

The Evil Eye may only be reversed by the
cursing Gypsy or by another Gypsy with skill in
the Evil Eye. The cursing Gypsy may automati-
cally cancel the effects of the Evil Eye. Another
Gypsy skilled in the Evil Eye must make an Evil
Eye + Charisma roll (difficulty of 3 + the number
of cursing successes originally achieved). The
player must subtract the number of successes the
Gypsy attempting to reverse the process receives
(if any) from the number of original successes.
The resulting difference determines the remain-
ing strength of the curse, if any.

For example, Jusa has been cursed to trip
whenever he enters combat. The cursing Gypsy
received four successes, so poor Jusa will automati-
cally trip the next 12 times he is in combat. He
goes to another Rom who possesses the Evil Eye,

and she attempts to cure him. The Gypsy rolls
three successes. These successes are subtracted
from the initial strength of the curse (4-3=1), and
so Jusa will only be forced to trip once in combat.
If he has already tripped once or more, the curse is
lifted.

Any Gypsy can only make one attempt to
remove a particular curse. Ifa Gypsy attempting to
reverse the Evil Eye botches his roll he must make
a second test. Any successes made on this test
actually increase the severity of the curse by that
number of successes.

Mediumship

The Romani who function as mediums are far
more than mere table-rattlers who bilk unfortu-
nates out of their life savings. Romani with this
Affinity are actually able to contact the ghosts
and spirits inhabiting the spiritual planes of exist-
ence. As the Tree of Knowledge once bridged the
gap between the spiritual and material planes of
existence, so now does the Romani medium.

The Romani always know which of theirmem-
bers will have this Affinity, as a medium is born

Chapter Four: The Magic m

with the birth caul still covering his face. A piece
of this caul is placed in an amulet, and the medium
bears this amulet for the rest of his life. When used
in the creation of a protective piece of draba,
known as a soul-chain, the caul protects its bearer
from spiritual attack.

The Rom have a small connection to the
group of gaje known as the Benandanti. These
gaje are also born with cauls and know how to
journey into the Underworld. Some Gypsies claim
the Benandanti stole this knowledge from the
Rom, while others say it was freely given. In any
event, the Rom and the Benandanti occasionally
aid each other, and the two groups are usually at
least neutral toward each other.

A character with this Affinity may attempt to
reach into either the Underworld or the spiritual
plane to contact the ghosts of the dead by making
a Mediumship + Charisma roll. The difficulty
level of such a task starts at 10. However, if the
character has an item that once belonged to the
person, or is in the presence of someone close to

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

the person, the difficulty drops to 9. If the medium
is in the former home of the person or the place of
her death, the difficulty level drops to 8. If both of
these physical contacts are available, the diffi-
culty level drops to 7. Similarly, if the medium is
located at a place where the veil between the
spiritual world (or the Underworld) and the living
world is particularly thin (such as a caern, nihil,
node, etc.) the difficulty of the attempt is reduced
by two.

If the Storyteller uses Wraith: The Oblivion,
then mediums who have a fetter of the wraith they
are trying to contact reduce their difficulty by one
for each fetter used. Note that botches on this roll
can be truly devastating, for who knows what
might arise from the Underworld.

Maintaining contact with the
very difficult task. For every suc

pirit world isa
the medium

achieves, she may speak to the spirit for one
minute. This time period can be doubled if the
medium expends another point of Willpower in
the effort.


A medium may also attempt to banish a ghost
or spirit from a building or area it is haunting. For
such attempts the medium makes a sustained
Mediumship + Manipulation roll (difficulty of the
ghost's Willpower + 3). A botched attempt here
may cause the ghost in question to begin harassing
the medium. The medium must make a number of
successes equal to twice the ghost's Willpower in
order to banish the spirit. Launching such an
attack costs the medium one point of Willpower,
but she may continue to attack for the duration of
the scene (or until the battle is decided).

As the medium's level of control increases,
she may gain one or more spirit contacts. Such
spirits are friendly with the medium and will even
do brief errands for her. It is up to the Storyteller
to decide when such a contact is made, but the
medium will generally have to do something for
the spirit, such as aiding a still-living relative or
avenging the ghost's murder, to achieve such a
contact.

The medium may also send her spirit into the
Underworld (not the astral plane), leaving her
body behind in the living lands. While the
medium's body is vacant, it is vulnerable to pos-
session by both spirits and the souls of the dead.
Certain draba (for example, a soul-chain) may
protect the medium's body during her spirit's ab-
sence, while others may allow the Gypsy to attack
spirit-beings and defend herself in the Under-
world. Any draba that affects spirits in the living
world may be carried by the medium and used in
the Underworld.

The length of time the Gypsy medium may
remain separated from her body depends on her
degree of skill. However, she may only journey to
the Underworld between sunset and sunrise. If she
remains away from her body after sunrise, the
medium will be unable to return to her body until
the next night. Very few mediums survive by
themselves in the Underworld for a full day and
night. If the medium's body is left vacant for more
than 24 hours, it will slip into a coma.

After 12 hours away from her body, the me-
dium must make a Stamina + Mediumship roll
(difficulty of 5) to return to her body. The diffi-
culty level of this roll increases by one for every
twelve additional hours the medium remains away
from her body (to a maximum of 10).

If the medium remains away from her body for
longer than she is capable of (based on her ability
in Mediumship), her body will begin to take dam-
age at the rate of one Health Level per six hours
she remains away from it.

In order to attempt contact with the spirit
world, or to send her spirit into the Underworld,
the medium must expend one point of Willpower.

° The medium may remain away from her

body for up to six hours at a time before
taking damage.
The medium may remain away from her
body for up to twelve hours before taking
damage.
¢ The Gypsy may remain away from her
body for a maximum of one day before
taking damage.
eeee The Gypsy can remain away from her
body for one week before taking damage.
eeeee The medium may remain away from her
body indefinitely, although, as always, if
her body dies, she dies as well.

Draba

Woke to a Gypsy girl saying "Drink this"

Well, my hands lost all sensation

These days I'm feeling all right

Except I can't tell my courage from my desperation

— Bruce Springsteen, "Local Hero"

Draba is the Gypsy art of creating foci, po-
tions, amulets, oils, and charms. Such devices
only last for a short while, but provide the Rom
with a store of useful magical devices to aid her in
her dealings. The range of such foci is vast, with
each drabarne, as the practitioners of this art are
termed, having her own special creative
knowledges. A drabarne's work may be used by
anyone of the Blood, but no gaje is capable of
using one of these magical devices. It should be
noted that a Ravnos shilmulo could use a piece of
draba, but only if she currently had Romani Blood
flowing within her veins.

The art of creating draba must be learned
through study with an accomplished drabarne.
Such a Gypsy will have her own favorite potions
and foci, but it is the will to create, the specific
needs of the creator, and the power in her Blood
that determine the powers of any draba.

Chapter Four: The Magic

Normally, young drabarne learn how to create
specific draba from the elder drabarne in their
family or kumpania. It is much easier to create a
piece of draba if the Gypsy has already witnessed
the creation of a similar piece of work. However,
this does not mean a Gypsy cannot attempt to
create a specific amulet, charm, potion, etc. of her
own devising, or one she may only have heard
tales about. But creating such a charm will be
more difficult and take more time.

A character may have from one to five dots of
skill in Draba, corresponding to the five power
levels. These categories represent the character's
level of training in the art of creation and will
required to make and empower foci. A character
can only create a draba of her skill level or lower.
So a character with three dots in Draba can only
create foci of power levels one, two and three. The
more powerful draba are beyond her skill to em-
power.

When attempting to create a specific item,
the character rolls her Draba + Blood Purity dice
(difficulty of 6). If she is attempting to create an
item for the first time, the difficulty rises to 8.
Additionally, she must spend one point of Will-
power to fuse her will into physical form.

The number of successes and the level of the
draba determine the amount of time necessary to
create the item. The base time for such creation is
one day per level of the draba (two days if the
drabarne has never created such a draba before).
Every additional success decreases the amount of
time required by twelve hours.

For example, when Elspa is attempting to
create a mystic veil (level 3 draba), a piece of
draba she has created before, she expends a point
of Willpower and her player rolls Elspa's Draba +
Blood Purity. Elspa must be particularly in tune
with her creation, because she gets three suc-
cesses. A mystic veil normally takes three days to
create, but since Elspa's player rolled two extra
successes she will only need two days (3 days - 24
hours = 2 days) to empower her new draba. If she
was attempting to create a mystic veil for the first
time (and still achieved three successes) it would
have taken Elspa five days (6 days - 24 hours = 5
days) to empower her creation.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Examples of draba of all five levels are given
below. However, these are only examples of vari-
ous draba that a character with this skill could
create. Storytellers and players are encouraged to
work together to create new draba for characters
with this skill, using the draba below as guidelines
for each power level.

Level One

Earring of Earthly Grounding: This protec-
tive working can actually be placed into any piece
of silver jewelry. However, it is most commonly
worked into the form of an earring. Any piece of
jewelry so enchanted must also contain a small
piece of amber, a source of mystical grounding.
The earring aids the wearer in fending off magical
attacks (spells, curses, etc.) directed at the wearer.
While wearing the earring, the character adds one
die to any rolls to resist magical effects. The
earring will continue to function for a number of
months equal to the creator's skill level multiplied
by the number of successes on the creation roll.

Philter of Desire: This sweet mixture affects
the imbiber's perceptions and emotions, causing
him to fall madly in love with either the next
person he sees or a specific individual (depending
on the wishes of the drabarne). The victim may
make a Stamina + Wits roll (difficulty of 8) to
resist the effects of the draught. The effect of this
potion lasts a number of weeks equal to the
drabarne's skill level multiplied by the number of
successes achieved during creation, minus the
victim's successes.

Healing Balm: This ointment, when applied
directly to wounds, will heal one wound level per
application. The number of applications available
equals the number of successes made by the
drabarne at the time of creation.

Disk of Bedevilment: This charm is placed on
a specially created computer disk. The disk looks
just like an ordinary computer disk, although it
does have a faint magical aura surrounding it.
When inserted in a computer, the disk releases a
tiny gremlin into the disk operating system. The
gremlin will cause the computer to operate slug-
gishly and temperamentally, adding +2 to the
difficulty level of any Computer rolls performed
by anyone not of the Blood.

Meanwhile, the gremlin aids any Rom who
operates the computer, giving the Rom a-1 to the
difficulty level of any Computer roll, including
Computer Hacking. The gremlin has a very short
attention span and will only remain in the com-
puter for five minutes times the number of the
drabarne's successes before moving on to more
enjoyable sports.

Level Two

Deltumnimos (God's Embrace): This con-
coction of wine, mugwort and powdered amethyst
expands the awareness and senses of any Rom who
ingests the powerful brew, bringing her into a
state of existence more in tune with the spirit
realm and the flow of magical power.

While under the effects of deltumnimos, the
character may add a number of dice equal to the
drabarne's Draba level to all rolls for the Sight or
Mediumship. The imbiber must roll Stamina +
Skill (e.g.: the Sight) to determine the duration of
the potion's effect. The effects of the brew last for
one hour per success.

Diklo of Anyara: Named for Anyara Buyesti,
a legendary master of disguise, this head scarf
bestows the ability of disguise upon the wearer.
When the owner of the diklo places the scarf on
his head and expends one point of Willpower to
activate its magic, the diklo grants the wearer an
almost impenetrable disguise. The magic of the
diklo affects observers' senses, altering their per-
ception of the Rom so that, no matter how long
they stare at the Gypsy, they cannot later recall
anything about his appearance. Even the gender
and race of the Gypsy will be extremely difficult
for an observer to recall.

The diklo's effect lasts for one scene. It can be
used a number of times equal to the Draba skill of
the creator. The diklo does not fool mechanical
devices (e.g.: cameras), but eyewitnesses can only
recall the Rom's appearance ona Wits + Alertness
roll (difficulty 9). For every success achieved, an
observer can recall one detail about the Gypsy
(eg, gender, height, etc:).

Dook Angustri: This magical amulet is al-
ways crafted in the form of jewelry worn flush with
the skin; be it a ring, bracelet, spiked collar, etc.

Chapter Four: The Magic


The dook angustri, or magic seeker, serves as a
magic sensor for the Gypsy, becoming warm in the
presence of a magical item, effect or creature. The
intensity of the heat varies with the proximity and
strength of the magic, although it never reaches a
temperature hot enough to burn the skin.

The amulet lasts for two months times the
drabarne's number of successes during creation.

Whuzo Ointment: This balm can remove any
impurities tainting a Gypsy. Such impurities in-
clude non-magical poisons and disease, but do not
include such things as changing a vampire back
into human form. The number of doses created
equals the number of successes achieved by the
drabarne.

Amulet of Mechanical Aptitude: This amu-
let is normally a ring or bracelet cobbled together
from computer chips and wires. The amulet en-
hances the ability of the Rom to work with
machines as well as any spirits or faeries inside a
machine. While wearing the amulet, the Rom has
an instinctive feeling as to what actions or com-
mands will best achieve her goals.
The Gypsy must expend one point of Will-
power to activate the amulet. When wearing this
amulet the Gypsy should add 3 dice to any rolls to
manipulate a mechanical device (e.g.: computers,
ATMs, engines). Additionally, the Gypsy has a
small chance to discover something that would
normally be impossible to figure out in a given
circumstance (for example guessing the correct
PIN number of a stolen ATM card). The Gypsy \\
‘aay roll her (appropriated bility) whee Aciulee \\\ i
dice (difficulty 10). The amulet may be useda % A
number of times equal to the creator's Draba skill.
Mystic Veil: In the past, this piece of draba
was most often constructed to appear as a gauzy
veil. However, many such "veils" now take the
form of sunglasses or bandannas. When the Gypsy
wearing the mystic veil expends one point of
Willpower, he becomes difficult to sense at all.
This item grants the wearer the same abilities as
the Unseen Presence Obfuscate Discipline does
vampires. The veil can be used a number of times
equal to the creator's successes.

716 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Snake Oil: This light green tincture grants
the Rom the charismatic gifts of the legendary
fork-tongued reptile. When applied to the tongue,
the Gypsy decreases the difficulty level of all
Manipulation rolls by 2. When applied to the face
and eyelids, the Rom's Appearance attribute in-
creases by two. If applied to the tips of the fingers,
the difficulty of all tasks requiring Dexterity de-
creases by 2. The effects last for one scene. The
number of applications available equals the
drabarne's level + the number of successes.

Charm of the Wanderer: This focus is created
from the feathers of a magpie or parrot. It is
normally placed on a necklace or hair adornment
for ease of carrying. The charm of the wanderer
allows the wearer to speak with any individual
known to the wearer (including spirits and fair-
ies), no matter how distant the target.

When the wearer desires communication, she
spends one point of Willpower while brushing the
feather lightly across her eyes, ears and forehead
(the location of her "third eye"). The wearer must
then roll a Manipulation + Blood Purity (diffi-
culty depends on the distance to the target) to see
whether she has made contact with the desired
target.

Difficulty 5: Target within 100 miles.

Difficulty 6: Target within 1000 miles.

Difficulty 7: Target on same continent.

Difficulty 8: Target on different continent.

Difficulty 9: Target traveling the spirit world
(or a spirit itself).

The conversation cannot be heard by anyone
save the target, and neither party needs to speak
out loud to communicate. The length of the con-
versation is based on the number of successes
achieved by the Contact roll. The conversation
can continue for up to five minutes per success.

The charm of the wanderer can only be used
once, because the feather will fall apart as the
conversation ends. However, some drabarne have
been known to create more complex charms from
several feathers, with each feather good for one
such conversation. The creation of these multi-
feathered charms adds +1 per additional feather to
the difficulty level during the creation process.

Soul-Chain: The soul-chain is an amulet con-
taining a piece of birth caul, normally the caul of

the individual the soul-chain is created for. When
worn, the soul-chain protects the bearer's body
from attack by spirits and disembodied (or dead)
souls of all kinds. The number of successes the
drabarne achieves while creating this amulet de-
termines its effectiveness. The soul-chain has a
defense score equal to 3 + its power (number of
unused successes), or 2 + its power if the caul is not
from the bearer's birth. The soul-chain automati-
cally defends the bearer's body while his soul is
away and its power adds to the difficulty of any
spirit attempts to affect the owner.

The bearer may also use the power of the soul-
chain to grant him automatic successes when
combating spirits. Each automatic success declared
lowers the soul-chain's power level by one.

The soul-chain must be recharged (recreated)
every year and a day or it will become inert. The
piece of caul at the soul-chain's heart may be used
over and over again in different soul-chains.

Baxt Charm: The baxt charm can be worked
on any small personal item, from a gold coin to a
rabbit's foot to a favorite hat. However, when the
charm is created, it must be made for a specific
Gypsy and placed on an item of some sentimental
importance to the bearer.

The baxt charm gives the bearer the Luck of
the Rom (as the Blood Affinity). The bearer may
activate the charm whenever she sees fit simply by
rubbing the charm in her hands and spending one
point of Willpower. The charm lasts for one story
per success achieved by the drabarne during cre-
ation, and gives the bearer a number of Luck dice
equal to the drabarne's skill level. These dice are
used up in the same way normal Luck dice are, and
can be activated for as many stories as the drabarne
achieved successes.

Cat's Paw: This magical sigil must be worked
into the Rom's skin by a skilled drabarne using
needles and dyes to create a tattoo in the shape of
acat's paw. The tattoo may be placed anywhere on
the Rom's body, although most such tattoos are
placed on the Gypsy's chest or arm.

The cat's paw takes one point of Willpower to
activate. When activated, the tattoo grants the
Rom cat-like reflexes and magical speed. The

Chapter Four: The Magic


character's Dexterity increases by two dots and
the character's Speed doubles, allowing her to
double her number of physical attacks.

The effects of the cat's paw last for one scene,
and the bearer may use the cat's paw a number of
times equal to the Draba skill of the drabarne
creator. When the cat's paw has been used for the
final time, the tattoo will burn momentarily and
then fade, leaving only a slight discoloration of
the skin that vanishes altogether in a few weeks
time.

Mule-Vi: A mule-vi (literally "ghost-sight")
is always created from a piece of glass, normally a
lens or lenses of some sort. A mule-vi has two
separate uses. First, the device enables the Rom to
see into the spirit world. The bearer must make a
Perception + Magic roll (difficulty of 7) to acti-
vate the device. If successful, the Rom can use the
mule-vi to see into the spirit realm. The effect
lasts for five minutes per success.

The mule-vi also enables the Gypsy to per-
ceive the true nature of anyone he sees while
looking through the lens. Thus vampires,
werewolves, mages, wraiths and spirit-beings ap-
pear in their true form (or radiate magic in the
case of mages) to the Rom. The Rom must make a
Wits + Charisma roll (difficulty of the target's
Willpower) to see through the target's false iden-
tity.

A mule-vi may be used a number of times
equal to the successes the creator rolled making it
before it cracks and becomes useless.

Shadow Brew: This bitter potion is never
brewed in more than a single draught consisting of
five drops of dark brown liquid. The strength of
the poisons used in the creation of the shadow
brew (including belladonna and opium) is such
that if someone swallows more than one draught
in a 24-hour period, death is almost always swift
and inevitable (Stamina + Occult roll, difficulty
of 8).

When consumed, the shadow brew enables a
Rom to loosen the ties of her spiritual and physical
form to the physical plane. The Gypsy can then
slip into the mystic area the Gypsies term the
shadow realm. The shadow realm is a tiny area of
reality on the cusp between the physical and
spiritual realms. When walking the shadows a
Rom can perceive both the physical and spiritual

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

worlds clearly. However, he cannot be perceived
by beings in either world unless they make a
successful Wits + Occult roll (difficulty of 8).

Because the Rom is still connected, however
tenuously, to the physical plane of existence, he
cannot travel at faster than normal speeds. How-
ever, the Rom can manipulate objects in either
the physical or spiritual plane by making a suc-
cessful Manipulation + Dexterity roll (difficulty
of 7). The effects of the brew last for the duration
of a scene.

Level Five

Dukkerin Disc: Certain drabarne (mostly
those of the Phuri Dae) have learned that charms
can be placed on any compact disc. This particular
charm is especially powerful and it can only be
created by a drabarne who also has the Sight. Ina
ritual lasting from dusk to dawn, the drabarne
decides what information she is seeking along the
time line (in either direction) and then allows her
consciousness to fly free
threads of time and binds certain of these threads
into the laser codes on the CD. The drabarne can
only access the span of time along which she can
normally travel when using the Sight. The drabarne
must expend two points of Willpower in the disc's
weaving and she must make a Stamina + Sight roll
(difficulty of 7) to determine the number of songs
she weaves onto the disc.

she reaches into the

Once the ritual is completed, the drabarne
plays the CD to hear what information she has
recorded. Each song (success) achieved adds an-
other dimension to the information available.
This information is not nearly as general and
obscure as much information gained through the
Sight. On the contrary, it is quite clear. However,
it is always conveyed by warping the lyrics of the
songs already on the CD; the music itself remains
the same.

For example, ifthe drabarne seer, Katya, wishes
to discover the details of the disappearance and
subsequent murder of a kumpania of young Rom,
she will concentrate on the facts she does know
about the murdered Rom. Rolling her Draba +
Sight, Katya gets two successes. Exhausted but
excited, Katya and the rest of her kumpania gather
around the CD player they just swiped to listen to
the results of her psychic search.


Since she had two successes, there are two
songs on the disc warped by the threads of time to
provide information. The first of these songs tells
in graphic detail of how the kidnapping and mur-
der were performed (drugging of drinks and
subsequent beating and strangulation). The sec-
ond song's lyrics speak of burning hatred for the
impure and unwise among today's Rom, especially
those who associate with the traitors:

(To U2's "So Cruel")

You love the gaje, who you should hate the most,

Their filth passes through you, lodges in your
throat,
We sought you out, you who didn't care
Baby ... you're nowhere

Despair at your twisted mind traps

It gets you every time

We put our guns to your heads

To stop the lie ...

Since she only had two successes, Katya does
not discover the identities of the murderers, but
her kumpania may now be able to guess the mur-
ders were done by their fellow Rom, most probably
some Tsurara radicals.

Another version of this charm uses videodiscs
al CDs. When using such di
the Gypsy receives a series of snapshot images
superimposed upon the normal pictures on the
ne snapshot per success.

Suspended Blood Focus: This powerful focus
can only be created by the most skilled of drabarne,
in a ritual requiring the presence of at least five
Rom. Prior to the ritual, the drabarne crafts an
unusual box or shell from a piece of onyx or
petrified wood. The focus, once prepared, is passed
around to all the Rom at the ritual, and each
allows several drops of Blood to drop into the
focus. As the box is passed around, the drabarne
concentrates her Will to°contain the energies of
the Blood, unmixed, in the shell. Each Gypsy
participating in the ritual must spend one point of
Willpower. The combined amount of Blood Pu-
tity points of the Gypsies is focused in the shell.

If the ritual is successful, the suspended Blood
focus can store up to 20 Blood Purity points within
itself. Unlike the normal Blood Focus (see Group
Power, above) the suspended Blood focus does not

instead of mu

S;

Chapter Four: The

need to be attuned to a particular Gypsy at the
time of its creation. It will become attuned to any
Gypsy who places a few drops of Blood on the
outside of the shell and expends one point of
Willpower to seal the bond. Additionally, the
focus does not have any time constraints on how
soon it must be used.

The suspended focus works in a different man-
ner froma normal Blood focus. The Gypsy attuned
to the suspended focus may draw Blood Purity
points (dice) from the shell whenever she chooses.
Each Blood Purity point in the shell equals an
automatic success for the Gypsy. She may use such
successes (as many as she wants, up to the total
number currently in the shell) on a skill roll for
any Blood Affinity.

However, once a die of Blood Purity has been
used, it is gone from the shell forever. So a sus-
pended Blood focus with 18 Blood Purity points
grants the Gypsy 18 extra dice to play with. She
could conceivably use them all for one roll, but it
is far more common for a Gypsy to use up only a
few precious points at a time. Once a focus is
reduced to 0 Blood Purity points, it crumbles into
dust.

For example, let's say Star has an 18-point
suspended Blood focus, and she decides to distract
a bunch, of clubbing vampires she suspects might
be thinking of snacking on her. Deciding to use
her Affinity of Zapaderin, Star also resolves to
kick in some of the successes from her focus, four
in all. (She doesn't want to screw this one up.)
Once she has danced her dance and left the
vamparasites in a daze, she still has 14 Blood
Purity points remaining in her focus.

Needle of the Mind's Eye: This amulet al-
ways takes the form of a large needle, at least six
inches long. The needle is carved from ivory or
ash wood, and is decorated with a series of tiny
runes. To activate the needle's powers, a Rom
must pierce his skin with the needle while simul-
taneously expending one point of Willpower.

The magic of the needle allows the user to
walk the multiple paths of the spirit plain. The
needle serves as an artificial anchor connecting
the Gypsy's spirit to his physical body through a
thin thread of the Gypsy's own soul (visible on the
spirit plain).

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

While using the needle of the mind's eye to
travel the spirit realms, even an inexperienced
Gy can find his way to different areas of the
astral plane (e.g.: Arcadia, the Aboriginal
Dreamtime, etc.). He merely has to concentrate
on the area or information he most seeks, and a
second thread will snake out in front of him,
leading the Rom to his chosen location. While
traveling the spirit realms, the Gypsy is visible to
any others also in the spirit plain and is vulnerable
to attack.

The needle may be used five times before it
loses its power. The needle will function for up to
five hours per use. If a character remains away
from his body for longer than this, the Rom must
make a Stamina + Occult roll (difficulty of 7) to
keep from losing contact with his physical body.
This roll must be repeated for every 10 minutes
the Gypsy remains away from his body. This roll
must also be made if the needle is removed from
the Rom's body at any time while the character's
spirit is away from the body.

If the Gypsy does lose contact with his physi-
cal form, he can make a number of tries equal to
Stamina dots to find his body and reconnect
his spirit. This requires a Perception + Occult roll
(difficulty of 9).

Sarrath's Claw: A drabarne who creates one
of these powerful weapons is said to be following
in the footsteps of Daenna's brother, Sarrath, who
is thought to have been the first Gypsy to create
such an item. Any weapon successfully engraved
with the symbol of Sarrath (three curved claws
tipped in blood) and empowered through the
force of the drabarne's will becomes a weapon
capable of doing great harm (aggravated damage)
to all beings, including vampires, spirit-dwellers,
faeries and werecreatures.

In addition to the immediate damage, the
weapon hasa chance of inflicting additional wound
levels in the five succeeding rounds as small pieces
of the claw work their way deeper into the target's
body. In each of the five rounds after the claw first
hits a creature, the target must make a successful
Willpower roll plus Fortitude for vampires (diffi-
culty of the wielder's Willpower) or take an
additional aggravated wound.


The magic of Sarrath's Claw on a victim is not
cumulative. Further attacks from the claw will do
immediate damage to an already affected victim,
but not any more additional damage. However,
once the effects of the first attack are over (five
rounds), a new success with the claw will start the
process anew.

The claw will remain effective fora number of
attacks equal to five times the number of the
drabarne's creation successes. Before its first use,

Sarrath's claw must be bonded to a particular
Gypsy. This bonding requires the expenditure of
one point of Willpower.

Any melee weapon may be so empowered,
although bladed weapons are traditional. Such
weapons are particularly dangerous in the hands
of a skilled Knife Dancer. They are especially
favored by the Tsurara family, whose drabarne are
rumored to have achieved new heights of damage
with their multi-barbed claws.

Chapter Four: The Magic si


A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Chapter Five

Families of
Power

Afoot and light-hearted I take to the open road,
Healthy, free, the world before me,

The long brown path before me leads wherever I choose
—Walt Whitman, "Songs of the Open Road"

Family and identity are extremely important
to the Rom. This is even more true in the dark
world of the Storyteller System than in our own
Persecution is greater, and the Gypsies are more
often targeted for assimilation or genocide. This
persecution has begun to cause rifts between cer-
tain Gypsy families
value the true knowledge which built their race.
Such is human nature.

Still, the family is not the be-all and end-all of
the Gypsy world. Most Gypsies freely associate
with other Rom, so long as there is no specific feud
between the two individuals. The general maxim

even among those who still

Chapter Five: Families of Power

is that a Rom is to be trusted until proven unwor-
thy, while a gaje is an enemy until proven otherwise
(a difficult task at best for the poor gaje!). While
Gypsies from different families often have precon-
ceived notions of what members of other Gypsy
families are like, a fellow Rom will be given the
benefit of the doubt unless the two families are
currently feuding.

Innumerable Rom families remain scattered
throughout the world. Each family has its own
unique traditions and ways of interacting with the
Some families mix freely, while others
have been feuding for years. Some of the more

universe


prominent Gypsy families, those that have care-
fully maintained their birthright of knowledge
and power — or claim to have done so, are de-
scribed below. This does not mean there are not
other families with members possessing such
knowledge, but the knowledge may be peripheral
to the family's functioning, or the family may
simply be less well-known in Romani lore.

For instance, the Zingaresche family, whose
members can be found in Asia and the Americas,
are known for their deftness in the art of Zapaderin,
the Dance of Knives, and in any other dance-
related ability as well. Zingaresche kumpaniyi
almost always make their way as entertainers, and
it is said some of the more talented members of
this family have advanced the arts of dance so far
that they can charm animals as well as people.
Other stories claim that the Zingaresche know
certain dance-tales, forgotten by all other fami-
lies, that contain information regarding the Seeds
of Knowledge and the coming Convergence. Un-
fortunately, the Zingaresche are dwindling in
numbers, and there are few of their kumpaniyi still
wandering the Earth.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

The Tinkers are another interesting family,
based almost exclusively in the British Isles, with
a few branches recently traveling to the United
States. This family is the preeminent Gypsy fam-
ily in the British Isles, and the Gypsy King of
Britain is a member of their family. There are
rumors that this family is friendly with the faeries,
and that it may even have members with some
faerie blood, although it is not of the Urme clan.
The Tinkers are the family with perhaps the
most-skilled drabarne. Even the Phuri Dae cannot
claim to have the knowledge of draba that the
Tinkers do. The Tinkers are also one of the most
old-fashioned of Gypsy families, staying well away
from all gaje culture. The only exception to this is
the growing number of younger Tinkers who have
managed to adapt to and exploit computers and
the new information boom with remarkable ease.
Legends of their technological feats are already
spreading throughout the families of the Rom.
The Banjara family of India spends almost all
of its time in the vast sewers and undercities of
that country, only sneaking into the outside world
to thieve from or trade with the gaje. When other


families travel through India, they often enter the
underground world of the Banjara to speak with its
Queen, Pashira, who is said to have committed to
memory every foot of her underground empire, or
to gain swift passage past prying gaje authorities
(for a price, of course).

Young Banjarans, known as Calibans, can be
found throughout the sewers and undercities of
the world. Relatively few in number, such Calibans
are considered baxt, or good luck, by other Gyp-
sies. It is bad luck not to feed a Caliban who
knocks on the door of your vardo. Calibans often
have a wealth of information about their city, and
nearby cities, at their disposal. They are also often
on at least neutral terms with the Bone Gnawer
Garou and Nosferatu vampires who also make
their homes in the daylight world's underbelly.
Unfortunately, some of the younger Calibans have
been known to sell out other Rom to the Tsurara
or even the gaje. The Banjara are said to have
rediscovered much lost information in their trav-
els throughout the underground world.

These families, and many others, inhabit the
World of Darkness along with the families de-
scribed in more detail below.

The identity of each of the families below
centers on certain aspects of Daenna and the
Seeds of Knowledge. Each of these families of
power claims to be associated with at least one of
the Seeds, and asserts that a member of their
particular family isa current Guardian. Such claims
are never backed with tangible evidence, as this
would require the Guardian to betray her respon-
sibility to keep her Seed hidden.

Yet recognition as one of the chosen families
of power (marked by the historical possession or
supposed current possession of a Seed) is zealously
guarded by the family in question. Although there
have been some changes in status throughout the
ages, all but the Tsurara have been considered
among the families of power for more than a
millennia. (Only in the last 30 years or so have the
Banjara not been considered a family of power.
This change has infuriated its members, and if
they can find a way to win back their position,
they will.)

The Rom bloodlines flow freely together and
apart. Excepting the occasional blood feud, young
Rom of different families are normally encouraged

Chapter Five: Fami

to have children together. The Gypsies' reasoning
behind this is that Blood weds Blood, as the
dilution of the Rom's heritage of power is the one
sure way for their enemies to destroy them. Unfor-
tunately, this sometimes promotes the Rom's
prejudice against other races. Such prejudice is an
irony which the Rom do not always appreciate.
The families of power are particularly careful
to preserve the Blood. Often current members of
these families were born into different families,
and then chose or were chosen to join one of these
"families of power," as they call themselves. Keep
in mind that although members of the same family
tend to have the same general ethos, not all
individuals will agree wholeheartedly with the
party line, as is ever the case among the Rom.

The Lupines

We are all animals, my lady.
— Darkness, from Legend

The Lupines, also referred to as the Children
of Sarrath, are almost all human. They are all kin,
either by blood or marriage, to werewolves.
Sarrath's descendants are kin to the Silent Strider
tribe of Garou, as they are all quite aware. They
are also the traditional keepers of Ruzlekin, the
Seed of Burning Tears.

This family is one of the oldest in existence,
perhaps the oldest family of power, for it traces its
history back to Daenna and her brother, Sarrath,
who were at one point more than siblings. This
union resulted in twin sons, the first of the Chil-
dren of Sarrath., Although other families
occasionally refer to them as "inbreds," the Lu-
pines believe they are the closest to Daenna, being
doubly related to her.

As the Lupines tell the tale, somewhere back
in the fuzzy pre-dawn of the modern world, Sarrath
and Daenna's twin sons, Abram and Zarrin, de-
cided to leave the first band of Gypsy rovers to
roam all the lands, searching for others of their
kind. Wandering this way and that, and getting in
and out of more forms of trouble than even most
Rom could name, the two brothers finally ended
up in the land of the pharaohs. Being who they
were, Zarrin and Abram decided it would be a
proper gesture of the respect they felt for all stuffy,
overblown, sedentary gaje to steal the pharaoh's


ceremonial beard. While they were at it, they
thought they might as well acquire one of the
ancient tomes of knowledge that particular pha-
raoh was always consulting ...

Well, neither Abram nor Zarrin shared their
father's ability to grow fur and fangs, but they were
both quite adept at spotting such types, whether
in human or wolf form. So, when they spotted two
young women gliding around the market, sniffing
at the dates and melons, the siblings nudged each
other and headed toward the two women. The
women, Ovilla and Piete, who also happened to
be twins, sniffed at Abram and Zarrin and knew
them for kin folk.

"Run with us!" Ovilla challenged with a growl.

"Stride with us over silent sands," Piete called.

And of course the brothers did. But it wasn't
long before the rhythmic strides of the sisters and
the pounding heat of the desert began to wear on
Abram and Zarrin. Yet the sisters urged them on.

"Stride! Stride! Stride unto the next level!"
they called. And as the wind picked up and the
brothers' brains began to burn, the rhythm of their
feet pounded them into the ecstasy of the running
soul.

Hours passed, and the brothers awoke in the
arms of their new-found lovers.

"Where did you learn that?" Abram
Ovilla licked the sweat from his chee!

"Is there more?" Zarrin asked, while stroking
his hands through Piete's glossy fur.

"There's more, but we can't get at it," Ovilla
said. "This part we stole from old scraggle-beard,
the pharaoh. Piete was in his bedchamber once
and read it in his big book, but she hasn't been
asked back."

"Yip!" answered Piete, biting at Ovilla's flanks.

"Well, this works out just fine, because we
want to check out one of the pharaoh's books, and
it sounds like that's the one!" said Zarrin.

In accord, the four lovers returned to the city
and schemed throughout the night. In the morn-
ing Zarrin, who was a fine-looking man with deep
chocolate skin and delicate features, disguised
himself, with the help of the two werewolves,
maiden new to the court of the pharaoh. With
kohl upon his eyes and berries staining his cheeks
and lips, Zarrin was the very image of feminine

sked as

sa

Werewolves and Gypsy
Powers

Garou Gypsies are not able to use Blood
Affinities. Apparently, when they take on
their full lupine nature and become one of the
shape shifters, the altered chemistry of the
Blood can no longer grant such abilities.
Romani werewolves can, however, make use
of draba just as they do talismans. Skills not
directly granted by the Blood, such as Bujo
and the Talith, are also available to Garou
Rom.

beauty. It was all Abram could do to keep from
laughing as he escorted his "little sister" to the
court.

With the information supplied by Ovilla and
Piete, Zarrin had little difficulty catching the
roving eye of the pharaoh. In no time, he stood
within the pharaoh's open bedchamber among
the alabaster and silk. The pharaoh himself pre-
pared the relaxing wine for his new conquest.

Leaning forward to embrace the pharaoh,
Zarrin took the opportunity to slip into the jug of
wine a packet of herbs he and Abram had learned
to employ. Batting his long lashes, Zarrin told the
pharaoh how his overwhelming masculine pres-
ence made Zarrin's heart flutter and his knees
quake.

The pharaoh, greasy beard and ample stomach
quivering in tandem rhythms of lust, responded,
"Well then, you must drink of this honeyed wine
so that you shall not faint away."

"You too, my pharaoh. For I could not drink
alone in such august company," Zarrin said, glanc-
ing up at the large tome placed prominently on an
ivory stand.

Toasting each other, the two drank down the
wine, sip for sip, gulp for gulp. After a few minutes
the pharaoh's tiny eyes slipped shut and his mouth
sagged open, and Zarrin, whose Blood protected
him from the concoction, was off like a shot.
Gathering the tome into his arms and slipping the
ratty beard from the pharaoh's fat face, Zarrin put
on the pharaoh's clothes. Affixing beard to face
and pillow to stomach, Zarrin left the naked,
snoring pharaoh, striding imperially from the
bedchamber, and thence from the court.

86 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

The Rebel Yell

While a number of Garou tribes have their own tales about this legendary noise, the Children
of Sarrath claim that the rebel yell of the Southern soldiers in the American Civil War was actually
a less-effective variation of the Howl of Fear. As the story goes, early in the conflict, a kumpania
of Rom on tour spied some Yanks and rebs whaling away at each other. Immediately, the Rom began
betting amongst themselves on various outcomes. Prella, the Lupine Gypsy of the kumpania, waited
until the Yanks started to really beat the tar out of the rebs.

When the odds against the rebs were really up to impossible, she placed her bet on the boys in
gray, then slipped away to join the group. Letting loose with her How! of Fear, she so-chilled the
Yankees that they dropped their weapons and ran, convinced they were about to be killed by the
fanatical rebels. The rebels were too shocked to know exactly what had happened, but they realized
the power in the eerie sound and immediately began copying it. Although not as effective as the
Gypsy Prella's howl, the yell was disturbing on its own merits.

Continuing on their tour, Prella and the rest of the kumpania decided they would drop by one
of the Northern encampments and offer to sell the secret of the rebel yell to whomever was in
charge. When they finally found a likely looking one up Maryland way, Prella and Finnian, an Urme
along for the ride, marched right up to the general's tent claiming information of great importance
about the rebels. Looking askance at the Gypsies' clothes and Prella's dark complexion, the guard
was not easily convinced of their allegation. But Finnian's clever tongue got them in.

Inside, they spoke with a General McClellan. Launching into their prearranged spiel, Prella
and Finnian told of the magical powers of the mysterious rebel yell, a noise so fearsome it would soon
turn whole regiments of seasoned veterans into quaking boys wanting only their mothers' skirts. As
a finish to their tale, Prella and Finnian offered to teach an even-more-powerful yell to McClellan's
men. But McClellan would have none of it. Infuriated at the mere suggestion that men in his
command could behave in such a manner, McClellan had the two Gypsies arrested as spies.

Of course Prella and Finnian, being Rom, had no trouble escaping the likes of the Yankees. But
now Prella had a bone to pick with the Yanks. With the aid of her kumpania, Prella moved up and
down the Eastern states, dogging McClellan's trail. Everywhere he went, McClellan heard bone-
chilling howls that soon had him so unnerved that he clutched his troops about him as an old
woman clutches her shawl. And everywhere the Northern troops fought, the rebel yell rose to greet
them.

When Prella thought the moment was right, she approached McClellan once again. This time
he agreed to give Prella anything she wished for the information he had once scoffed at. Laughing
to herself, Prella instructed the general to pay three horses, two chickens, anda bar of gold in return
for the secret of the "mystic howl." Prella then said that she must immediately take the horses,
chickens and gold to the man who would teach McClellan the howl, and that McClellan must give
hera letter granting Prella ownership of the items in exchange for the secret of the rebel yell. After
agreeing where the three would meet for the lesson, and demonstrating the signal McClellan should
give (a howl) to tell them all was clear, Prella is said to have sent the letter on to McClellan's
superior, the Northern president.

The night of the meeting, the kumpania laughed and laughed as they watched the stuffed
peacock of a general try to explain why he stood alone on a hill, howling softly into the night air.

Chapter Five:


In years to come, the new family of Gypsies
grew and grew, and many were its adventures. But
this is the story of the Children of Sarrath's birth
and how they found the Book of the Dead.

Since the time of the first Lupine family of
Rom, the Gypsies have kept in fairly close contact
with the Garou, most particularly those of the
Silent Strider tribe, to which almost all Gypsy
werewolves belong. However, the vast majority of
the Children of Sarrath are made up of those Rom
kin to the werewolves. Only perhaps ten percent
of the family are actually werewolves themselves.

Although the human Rom of this family are
sympathetic to the problems and perspective of
their Garou brethren, the humans most definitely
think that they have the inside track on reality
and the world. Freed from all the moaning and
groaning and whining of the werewolves, the
Children of Sarrath feel they have the best of both
worlds. After all, they have the passion and fierce-
ness of their lupine relations and they are privy to
Gypsy knowledge and powers. In addition, both
the Rom and the Striders really know how to
party, and the Children of Sarrath have freely
combined this mish-mash of viewpoints, knowl-
edge, power and riotous capability to unleash a
wickedly powerful brew.

The Children of Sarrath most often organize
their family groupings into carnivals or circuses.
Such small road shows usually travel a regular
circuit (as do most other traveling bands of Rom),
performing for the gaje rubes, who practically beg
to have their money taken. These carnivals usu-
ally set up outside a small town or city and then
wait for the gaje to come running. When in cities,
the various members of a carnival often do street
performing in seedier sections or set up small
shows that range from "artistic dancing" to cock
fights to bujo set-ups to anything that will turn a
fast buck.

Whenever the Lupines are around gaje, how-
ever, they are perpetually on the look-out for more
than just an opportunity to play with the gaje's
minds and money. For many years now, the mem-
bers of Lupine carnivals have also been scouting
for lost Garou cubs. In fact, the Lupine Gypsies
have proven remarkably adept at discovering and
spiriting away'such youths. These children are
raised by the carnival until they reach puberty, at
which point they are normally turned over to the

Silent Striders for initiation into their particular
Garou tribe. The rescue of these lost Garou cubs is
probably the one kernel of truth in all the gaje
legends of Gypsy child-thieving. After all, nor-
mally the Rom want nothing to do with the
weak-blooded gaje or their get.

As kin to the werewolves, the Children of
Sarrath are aware of the Veil and do not suffer any
form of derangement when faced with a werewolf.
Certain members of this family also have the
Blood Affinity known as the Spirit of the Wolf.
This ability seems to rely on a combination of
both Gypsy and Garou Blood and can only be
learned by those Rom who are members of the
Lupine family.

Note: All Family powers are considered Blood
Affinities for purposes of character creation (see
Chapter two for more information on cost).

Family Skill: Spirit of
the Wolf

The Lupine Gypsy clan has developed a set of
Blood Affinities not available to other Gyp:
se can be bought like any other Blood Affini-

Level One: The Gypsy can begin to emulate
the speed of the Garou. By spending a point of
Willpower, the character can take a second full
action in the turn, just as werewolves get extra
actions by spending Rage. However, Gypsies can
only spend one point of Willpower per turn.

Level Two: At this level, the Rom can grant
other humans the ability to look past the Veil and
avoid being deranged by the sight of a werewolf.
The Rom must roll her Spirit of the Wolf +
Manipulation (difficulty of 8). The number of
successes achieved indicates the number of people
for whom the Gypsy can lift the Veil in that
particular scene.

Level Three: By spending one point of Will-
power, the Rom may attempt to grow lupine claws.
Such claws do aggravated damage to Garou and
vampires alike, and are also able to affect other
supernatural creatures (including spirits, wraiths
and faeries). In order to grow the claws of the wolf,
the Rom must make a Brawl + Stamina roll (diffi-
culty of 7). The claws last for one scene and do
aggravated damage.

88 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Level Four: Here the Gypsy is able to reach
into the legacy of his lupine blood and use any one
level one or two Silent Strider or Homid Gift (see
Werewolf: The Apocalypse) as if he were a full-
fledged Garou. The Gift works exactly as explained
for a true werewolf.

Level Five: The Gypsy is now able to produce
the Howl of Fear. This eerie, high-pitched shriek
costs the Rom one point of Willpower to perform,
but all those hearing the strange sound must make
a resisted roll against its effects using Wits +
Intimidation (difficulty of the Gypsy's Willpower
+ Blood Purity). Any who fail this contest, includ-
ing vampires and all other-than-human types, are
seized with fear and flee if at all possible. Those
who successfully resist and do not flee still receive
2 less dice than normal to all attacks against the
Gypsy and her allies.

Reality used to be a friend of mine
_ PM Dawn, "The Utopian Experience"

The many small branches of the Ravnos fam-
ily have been enmeshed in the World of Darkness
since Daenna first bit into the Fruit of the Tree of
Knowledge. Guardians of Kooserin, the Seed of
Earthly Awakening, the Ravnos have ever walked
a narrow path between the blood-velvet darkness
of the undead world and the harsh bloodshot
mornings of human awakening. Such a path is not
easily trod, and too many Ravnos have taken one
step too far, plummeting into addiction and undy-
ing pain.

Branches of the Ravnos family wander
throughout Europe and the Americas, but their
gr
around the Balkans ¢

atest concentration has always been in and
nd the area now known as
Eastern Europe. There the roots of the Ravnos

family tree plunge deep.

The Ravnos say that Daenna returned but
once to the Ivory City in the days following her
transfiguration. From that journey returned she
with another sort of seed, and from that seed were
born the Ravnos. Or so the story is told.

On the night of her wild flight with Sarrath
from the lvory City, the newly empowered Daenna
grieved mightily for her beloved shilmulo hus-

band. Determined to discover the truth of his fate,

Chapter Five: Fami

Daenna turned back on her path, leaving her
brother Sarrath to await her return. Searching for
Dracian, Daenna returned to the smoldering ruins
of their former home, still warm with the embers
of fire and the memories of her heart. Heedless of
any possible danger, Daenna threw wide the gates
to her senses and sent her soul searching for any
trace of her shilmulo husband.

Some say she stood among the ashes for hours,
others say for days, but finally one tendril of her
glorious mind brushed against the least vestige of
her husband's form. Searching grimly in the dirt
and ashes, Daenna finally spotted a small rock
encrusted with the tarnished stains of Dracian's
once-flowing blood: all that remained of her be-
loved.

After the first wave of tears that washed over
her had passed, Daenna took the stone and fled
the city for good.

Years passed and Daenna moved among the
humans of the world with a passion unequaled by
other mortals. As her children grew in number,
the mother of us all looked carefully on them,
from the youngest babe to the oldest grandmother,
until she found one man among all her children
who carried in him a passion almost the equal of
Daenna's. The man's name was Ravnos, and to
him Daenna passed her husband's legacy. Placing
the blooded stone on Ravnos' tongue, Daenna bit
her own tongue through before kissing him fully
on the mouth. Willing the ancient blood to work
its magic, Daenna lifted up her knife and plunged
the blade into Ravnos' breast, holding him tightly
as she felt his life's Blood ebb and wane and then
strengthen again in her embrace.

Thus did Daenna and her husband create their
only child, and from him sprung the shilmulo
known to the other vampires as Ravnos. But
Ravnos had children of his own before Daenna
chose him to be transformed, and these children
protected their father as all who are family protect
each other. Some of these children Ravnos in turn
transformed into beings like himself, but most he
left alive and human. And from these are the
Ravnos truly descended. Or so it was told to me
and to my mother before me.

Little is known, even by the Ravnos, of their
family's early history. The Ravnos have long been
part of Gypsy society, even while remaining sepa-

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

rate from it. Over the years, the Ravnos family
spread and became more and more aware of the
vampire politics running under the doings of the
mortals, as tidal currents run beneath seemingly
calm waters. But Ravnos and those of his children
he made shilmulo didn't care much for the politics
of the Children of Caine. Sure, some of it was fun,
and the vampires were always easy marks, for they
took themselves so very seriously, but such grand
scheming as went on amongst most of the Cainites
was just not for Ravnos and his relations.

The human Ravnos tend to live in extremes,
even for the Rom. Passions burn brightly, and they
hold their live-for-the-moment attitude as dear as
the gaje clutch their remote controls. But the
other side of this coin, and perhaps the driving
force behind their determination to reach new
heights of head-spinning intoxications and trick-
ery, arises from two sources. The first of these
threats stems from within the family itself. The
Ravnos family is named for the first shilmulo who
walked in their midst as a Rom. Since then, the
number of Romani vampires has grown, and all are
members of the Ravnos family. Even if a Gypsy
from another family is taken by a Ravnos in the
tumnimos, the Embrace, she is from that time forth
a member of the Ravnos.

These vampires can seek any of the Ravnos
family for aid whenever necessary. As such, the
Ravnos are careful that their homes, vans, trailers
and wagons have at least one place where no
sunlight can ever reach. Sometimes a particular
shilmulo will adopt a kumpania and travel with it,
too often feeding on his own kin. Ravnos vam-
pires who feed on Gypsies have to fight their own
form of addiction, as the Abilities they lost in the
Embrace flood back to them while the Romani
Blood again flows in their unliving veins. Simi-
larly, many young Ravnos get off on drinking the
blood of the shilmulo, becoming addicted to the
power and highs the shilmulo blood grants. But
most Ravnos fear the attentions and ministrations
of their vampiric kin.

Many are the stories of whole kumpaniyi de-
stroyed by a vampire or vampires too power drunk
on Gypsy Blood to keep from slaughtering their
own people. Other Ravnos worry that too many
young Rom will see immortality in their grasp and
sell their Blood for the chance to walk the path of
the shilmulo. For every Gypsy who takes this path,

either by choice or by force, another small thread
in the Romani tapestry is torn away. There can be
only so many torn threads before the tapestry
begins to unravel. In such transformations the
Ravnos could manage what the gaje have been so
far unable to accomplish, the death of the Ravnos
family, and perhaps all Gypsi

The second onus the Ravnos people bear is
the ever-present threat of slavery and genocide by
the gaje, which always seems to be, at best, barely
held in check. Gaje persecution affects all the
Rom, but the Ravnos seem to have a knack for
being in places where Gypsy persecution reaches
fever pitch (or are particularly targeted by other,
less visible enemies).

In Romania for many, many years, the Ravnos
(along with the Phuri Dae) were enslaved by the
other peoples of that land and those nearby. This
slavery persisted, it is said, until the Ravnos
shilmulo Durga Syn, once a priestess to the ances-
tors of the very people who now enslaved the
Rom, led the Ravnos and Phuri Dae in revolt
against those in power. Although the Gypsies
were small in number compared to their enslavers,
the combined power of their will, their magic, and
their knowledge of the true workings of the world
enabled the Gypsies and their allies to force the
government to free them.

Of course the Gypsies' freedom only increased
the fear and loathing of their former owners and
new neighbors. The Phuri Dae realized the danger
in such reactions and attempted to fade into the
background of the world, staying always on the
edges of gaje society. Not so the Ravnos.

Emboldened by their success, and just plain
fed up with their role as mama's boys and
bootlickers to the gaje, many of the Ravnos family
plunged into the cities and towns of Eastern Eu-
rope and the Middle East with a vengeance. Masters
of trickery and the con game, the Ravnos easily
took over many of the black market activities in
the area, particularly gambling, drugs and prosti-
tution. Simultaneously, many Ravnos turned
begging into an art, covering themselves in in-
sect-infested rags, pretending deformities, and
otherwise making themselves obnoxious while
the gaje gave them money for their antics.

Hearing the gaje remark on how pathetic and
shiftless the Rom are, the Ravnos have to laugh.

Chapter Five: Families of Power

After all, the Rom know they are actually mock-
ing the cloying gaje, who so cling to their material
possessions. It's just a pity the gaje aren't able to
pick up on the joke. Then again, they probably
wouldn't appreciate it. Gaje are like that.

Surviving both the attempted genocide of the
Holocaust and an earlier attempt at the same in
Albania, the Rom of Eastern Europe today once
again face acute and active loathing by the gaje.
This loathing has recently begun to turn more and
more violent, especially in Germany, Slovakia,
the Czech Republic and, of course, Romania.
Adding to the hatred is the Ravnos' feud with the
Tsurara. Violent Romani gangs from both families
now walk the streets of many European cities, as
well as several American cities (particularly Mi-
ami, New York and Los Angeles). The extreme
violence of these kumpaniyi gangs, directed against
Gypsy and gaje alike, only fuels the fires of the
gaje's fear and hatred.

Yet, as always, the Ravnos Gypsies have
adopted an optimistic slant on the growing perse-
cution. Most feel the grand upswellings of hatred
in this century signal the coming of the Conver-
gence, which may well be the wildest party of the
millennia, and in which they are sure they will be
the guests of honor.

Many Ravnos have extremely good connec-
tions to their shilmulo kin. Through such Kindred
the human Ravnos may gain a variety of advan-
tages. Such advantages range from safe conduct
through the middle of a vampiric battleground to
information on current vampire politics,
to vampire blood and other drugs to feed any
habits. (Granted, this last is, at best, a question-
able "advantage.")

to access

Additionally, a human Ravynos can put out the
word when she needs help from her vampiric kin. The
actual shilmulo response to such a call varies widely
(and is up to the Storyteller), but in general the player
should roll a Charisma + Kindred Lore (difficulty
determined by the Storyteller), with the number of
successes determining how quickly help arrives. How-
ever, any Ravnos calling on one of her shilmulo cousins
better either make it worth the vampire's while orprove
that she is indeed in dire straits. It doesn't do to irk such
creatures, as family loyalty only goes so far with a
shilmulo.

A Ravnos also is likely to have at least a few
connections in the underground economy of any city
she passes through. When entering a new city, the
Ravnos should make a Charisma + Area Knowledge
(black markets) roll. The difficulty varies with the city
and should be determined by the Storyteller.

Wave after wave, each mightier than the last
‘Til last, a ninth one, gathering half the deep
And full of voices, slowly rose and plunged
Roaring, and all the wave was in a flame
— Lord Alfred Tennyson, "The Coming
of Arthur"

The Urmen are perhaps the most eccentric of
all the families of power. They are also by far the
smallest in number, with only three modern
branches thought to be extant; one of these may
have slipped between the cracks of the worlds into
the realm of Arcadia. The Phuri Dae speak with
concern of the Pestralla branch, who perhaps 50
years ago disappeared amongst the craggy heights
and coldest depths of the Scottish mountain coun-
try. This concern is heightened by both their fear
that the Urmen are in danger of disappearing
entirely and by their perhaps even-greater con-
cern that a member of the Pestralla is the current
Guardian of Jalomasin, the Seed of Stars, the Seed
traditionally held by the Urmen.

While certainly of the Blood, and perhaps
possessed of an even more rarefied Blood than the
other families, the Urmen are odd, even for Gyp-
sies. The Urmen are the Gypsies who most ally
themselves with the Seelie court and the legions
of faerie, unsettling and uncertain allies at best.
Rumors have always circulated among the other
families of power that the Urmens' loyalties may
be skewed in favor of their Arcadian friends. This
suspicion has plagued the Urmen since Daenna
brought the first of her fey children into the
burning fires of the Romani hearth:

Long ago, in a time when Daenna still flitted
among her children, as a mother hen clucks at her
chicks, she returned to a kumpania camped high
in the Transylvanian countryside.

"Have you no shawl and blanket for one who
has long wandered, my children?" she asked, en-
tering the firelight.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Scurrying in their excitement, forall Romstill
recognized the mother of us all in that long-ago,
forever time, the Gypsies did as they were told.

"Here! We bring you our finest blanket and
shawl," the eldest of them said as he handed
Daenna the items of softest goat's hair.

"Yes, yes, these are fine, my young ones,"
Daenna murmured.

It was then the first of the Rom felt a tugging
on her sleeve. Looking down, Daenna spied a
young scrap of a Rom staring determinedly up-
ward. "If you are the mother of us all, why is your
hair black, and why are your teeth still there? You
do not look like a mother's mother," he finished.

Laughing, Daenna looked down on the sharp-
eyed youth known as Dmitri. "That is clever of
you, but things are not always how they appear.
You see this shawl? It looks to be one piece, one
beautiful shawl, does it not?"

When Dmitri nodded in grave agreement
Daenna continued. "But, look closer. Do you see
this thread trailing here?" As Daenna spoke she
began to rapidly pull on the errant thread. Pulling
and pulling, she soon had turned the lovely shawl
into a ragged pile of threads. "Now what do you
see, little Dmitri?" she asked.

"An awful big mess... You're gonna be in trouble
now," he said solemnly, for Dmitri did not like to
see people whipped.

"Ah, that is one way to look on this pile of
raggle-taggle threads, Dmitri. But there are oth-
ers. Many others." As Daenna's voice blanketed
the air, all else wa
see these threads differently. In fact, | view them
as I view my children, each one a raggle-taggle
thread. And when I weave together some of the
threads, I find myself with a kumpania, perhaps a
family. A few more, and then some more, each one
different in color and texture, flavor and feel, and
soon what I see is the Rom. Perhaps this thread is
yours, Dmitri?"

silence in the snowy camp. "I

Dropping the rewoven threads into her lap,
Daenna reached for the blanket. "And here is yet
another pattern. In this one I see all the true
peoples of the world. Here are the Rom, here the
humans of all races. This dark band I believe to be
the shilmulo, and this the warriors of Gaia. Others
Isee, too numerous to count, yet there is one I see
that goes missing from both of these workings,


shawl and blanket, Romani and World, or nearly
so. It is a thread of beauty and power, and as with
all the threads, is needed to play its part."

With that, Daenna reached into her bag and
brought forth a spool of golden thread. That thread
she wound carefully into the pattern of both shawl
and blanket. When she had finished her task
Daenna stood once more and handed the items to
Dmitri. "Sleep wrapped in these tonight, and be
sure that you are covered from tip to toe," she told
him.

That very night Dmitri disappeared, although
the blanket and shawl were found on the ground.
Nine nines of months later, Dmitri returned to his
family, and with him he brought nine children.
These children were fey and strange, with long
faces and hands, and beautiful black hair shot
through with silver.

And they were the first of the Urmen.

Since that time, the Urmen have numbered more
than nine branches of their family. The Urmen are
convinced that the Rom are to be the midwives to the
Seelie court's rebirth into the physical world at the

Chapter Five: Fam

Convergence. In preparation for this wondrous rebirth,
the Urmen, who sometimes refer to themselves as the
Minions of the Moon or the servants of Alako, are
looking to find a way to increase the mana, the magical
energies of the world, which have been diminished for
so very long. At the Convergence, claim the Urmen,
the chosen Rom will usher in the faeries, and the Ninth
Wave (the faerie army) will ride forth from Arcadia in
a sweeping flood of magic and rebirth.

Of the two known branches of Urmen, the
family now traveling through Russia and the Slavic
countries, wracked by the return of the vampire
Baba Yaga and social upheaval, is in severe danger
from many forces. The settled natives are becom-
ing even more hostile to Gypsies. Most particularly,
rumors of enforced sterilization procedures are
once again erupting, and the Rom fear a concerted
effort on the part of the entrenched medical estab-
lishment could destroy at least one branch of the
already withered family.

The Urmen take such increased abuses as a
sign that the Convergence is near and that certain
powerful parties do not want the Rom to be able to

es of Power


play their role when the time finally does arrive.
This is certainly one area on which the families of
power agree. However, the Baroshkin Urmen have
responded to the renewed persecutions by becom-
ing ever-more visible, a tactic the other Rom see
as potentially suicidal.

But when confronted, the Urmen merely talk
of tapestries, weavings and new perspectives.
Meanwhile, the final known Urme branch spends
much time gamboling among the islands and wa-
ters near Greece. When asked, they reply that
they are looking for signs of the Ninth Wave.

All Blood members of the Urme family of Rom
have at least some Seelie blood mingling with the
Romani Blood in their veins. The intoxication of
the faerie blood keeps the Urmen from ever be-
coming quite as wholeheartedly attuned to the
Romani Blood, and thus an Urme can never have
a Blood Purity level higher than four. However,
members of this family are capable of certain
tricks and powers inaccessible to all others, save
the faeries themselves.

Faerie Threads

The Affinities granted humans by faerie blood are
not ever controlled by mortal will. Instead, each indi-
vidual Urme Rom capable of reaching this part of her
soul has her own unique peccadillo, her own thread of
magic that she can weave into the tapestry of reality.
Such abilities run a wide gamut, and Storytellers and
players are encouraged to come up with unusual Affini-
ties, although all Affinities should have an element of
chaos in them. It is important that the Storyteller and
player make certain the power of the Affinity is not out
of balance with other Affinities.

The possibilities for such magical threads, as the
Urmen see them, could include the ability to call forth
an Urme spirit or faerie toaid the Gypsy. Orperhaps the
Gypsy is able to follow the paths of faerie which still
crisscross the lands of the Earth, enabling the Gypsy
and those in physical contact with her tostep on and off
these paths anywhere in the world. Such a Gypsy could
travel from an ancient faerie cave in Greece to a faerie
ting in New York in three blinks of an eye. A third
possibility is that the Gypsy can sing songs of great
beauty and power, so any nearby spirits who hear her
music become very enamored of the Gypsy, and thus,
they will do her a favor or defend her from attack.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

For all such abilities, the Gypsy can only use
one faerie thread per story for each level of faerie
threads she possesses. For example, if Sammilla is
an Urme Gypsy with three dots of faerie threads,
she can use her ability to cause all those in her
sight without Romani Blood to become suddenly
drunk up to three times in a particular story.
Those affected by her power must make a Will-
power roll (difficulty of 7) in order to take any
action. They must then continue to make Will-
power rolls to take any actions for the duration of
the scene.

The Urme must spend one point of Willpower
to activate her family Affinity. If the Gypsy botches
while using this Affinity, some wild effect, nor-
mally detrimental to the Gypsy, occurs. The
Storyteller should feel free to devise such effects
when botches occur.

Level One: The Urme can recognize changelings
and other disguised faeries when he comes across them.
The Gypsy may choose one special ability. This ability
can be used once per story.

Level Two: The Urme can use her special
ability up to twice per story.

Level Three: The Urme can use her Affinity
up to three times per story. On a successful Percep-
tion + Faerie Threads roll (difficulty varies), the
Gypsy can also determine if a faerie was recently
present or if an object is of faerie workmanship.

Level Four: The Urme may use her Affinity
up to four times per story.

Level Five: The Gypsy may use her Affinity
up to five times per story.

The Phuri Dae

As for the unbelievers, their works are as a mirage in
a spacious plain which the man athirst supposes to be
water, till, when he comes to it, he finds it is nothing ....

— The Koran, 24:39

Children of Daenna in spirit as well as Blood,
the Phuri Dae are most closely associated with the
Seeds of Knowledge. There is an ongoing debate
among the Phuri Dae as to whether their family
includes only the traditional Guardian of Eiavelan,
the Seed of Brightest Waters, or if one of their
number also guards Bonnerin, the Seed of the
Balanced Scale. This is actually only a more-
concrete manifestation of the turmoil within the


Phuri Dae as to whether they represent the epitome
of all Rom, or are only an important part of the
whole.

If they are only a single, albeit necessary,
component, then it is generally said that some
individual kumpania will jumble together to form
a kinetic whole, a jump-start on the evolutionary
train, becoming more than the sum of their flesh
and spirit and Blood. Such a kumpania would
surely play an important part, perhaps the starring
role, at the Convergence.

This line of thinking is certainly not held by
the conservative members of the Phuri Dae, who
have occasionally been sneered at by others of
their kind as the stuffed shirts and self-important
seers of the Rom. Those accusing the Phuri Dae
claim that having to carry such a heavy burden of
knowledge and responsibility has bowed their spiri-
tual backs and crushed their sense of the possible.
The disenfranchised among the Dae are the only
ones who feel the sting of such words, and it only
makes them redouble their efforts to lance the boil
of disinformation and doggerel that so infects the
gaje as a whole.

Chapter Five: Families of Power

Those Rom more invested in their anointed
role as holders of all knowledge worth knowing
doggedly maintain the dogma that, as the epitome
of Daenna's children in both spirit and Blood, the
Phuri Dae will most certainly be the ones to
minister at the Convergence. As such, say the
cockier Dae, the carefully guarded knowledge of
those Rom in the present and the Seeds, now
wedded in a yet-barren union, will spring to life as
the first fertile drops from the spirit realm touch
the unliving egg of dry materialism.

In the recombining of spirit and body, when
the elements— earth, air, fire and water — are
empowered to transcend into some new reality we
can only now call spirit, we will see the ultimate
expression of the soul. But for now, these Rom
wait and watch in the stagnation they term pa-
tience, while other families play a far more active
role in transforming the world.

But such entropy has not afflicted all the
Phuri Dae. Many of the younger members, and
certain American branches in particular, say that
the Phuri Dae must do more than watch and wait
for the so-called Convergence. Instead, they as-

The Big Boat Ride

Too early for the rainbow

Too early for the dove

These are the final days

This is the flood

— Leonard Cohen, "The Gypsy's Wife"

If you've heard this one before shut up and listen anyway, ‘cause you're sure to have heard it
wrong. Leastwise you haven't heard it my way and my way's best because that's how I choose to see
things.

Well, before us Phuri folks were sanctified and consecrated as the packrats of the Rom, before
that particular label was ever slapped on us by our supposedly labelless selves, there was a woman,
a powerful drabarne, named Noahe.

Well, Noahe was a busy-body, a real nose-to-the ground, tap-on-the-phone snooper. But Noahe
also had the Sight, so she could really get off on some serious mind-tripping, time-hopping
voyeurism.

So. One day while Noahe was out for a psychic jaunt up and down the threads of time, she found
one whopper of a tangle. Pausing to consider what could cause such a jam, Noahe looked closer at
the time trap. Still not able to see into its center, Noahe started picking at the tangle (ignoring her
mother's advice about picking at strange time threads — you don't know when they've been!), but
she couldn't figure it out. Then she got the bright idea to jump the jam and slide backwards toward
the snarl. It was then she found a fellow traveler —a fishy, swimmy, floppy spirit — trapped among
the threads, causing the twist-up.

Being a softy (and busting with curiosity), Noahe freed the scaly fellow, all the while wondering
if perhaps this was merely the result of sniffing a mite too much mugwort. But before Noahe could
check back into her body, the fish-fellow swallowed her whole. Gulp! Bummer.

But not really. For inside its time-trolling tummy was Knowledge; ribs and ribs of major league
what's-what stuff, which Noahe eagerly devoured. (Too bad she didn't have any of her mother's
tartar sauce!) Noahe gobbled down twenty-three ribs, but the final rib she left for later, since it
looked to be about disasters, and disasters gave Noahe indigestion.

Finding her way out the back door, Noahe slipped back to her very own home-body, taking the
last rib with her.

Well, after old Noahe had digested the fish's fillet of soul, Noahe decided it was time for her
medicine. Going back to her own head's back pantry and freezer, Noahe ate the final rib cold. Ugh!
She discovered plans in the works to flush out her very own section of the universe to get rid of some
of the excess human blockage. Not that Noahe minded a good world-scrubbing enema, but she'd
prefer not to be among the jettisoned muck and guck. So forewarned, Noahe gathered her family
and her family's family together and told them all of her fishing trip. She also told them some of the
many many things she had learned from her fillet, but that's not this story. If you want that one
you'll have to buy me the whole bottle, not just pass me one watered-down scotch.

Anyway. Once the rigmarole was rolled, the Rom got busy. They built a really big boat right
there in the mountains and passed the word to other families and kumpaniyi, warning them to float
or fly. Then they gathered up their pigs and cows and chickens and dogs and kids and what-not and
piled into their party barge.

Weeks passed, gaje laughed, and then came the cosmic plumber. Whee!

To this day the gaje are still steamed about not getting word of this little Earth scrubbing. So,
of course, they lay claim to Noahe and give the flood to their great big daddy of a superego, and then
they screw the story up even further. But what can you expect from a bunch of gaje?

A World of Darkness: Gypsies


sert, the Phuri Dae must plunge into the gaje
world's doings, using their knowledge of the true
workings of the world, the dirty errata of reality
behind the stage flats of normalcy, to tear off the
veil of scientific assurance that so many people
maintain. Only by expanding the understanding
of all those who share this earth can the Rom
prepare the world for the Convergence and the
mind-bending possibilities to come...

Our view of the Convergence and our role
among the gaje cause great fear and consternation
among the rest of the Rom. They know the vam-
pires, especially those belonging to the pow-wow
known as the Camarilla, would turn a great deal of
energy and resources toward destroying us should
the Masquerade (the "no monsters" placebo-fic-
tion bottle they feed to the gaje) be actively
threatened. So too would many of the werewolves
rage at any of us who would dare to expose them to
the harsh light of open existence. At least they
have the gaje on their side.

The gaje cling tenaciously to their anti-magi-
cal, pro-science, all explainable, no-monsters-

Chapter Five: Fam

in-the-closets script, and it will take some major
shredding and twisting to take that stuffed-ani-
mal-of-a-reality away from them. All in all, not an
easy assignment. But a growing number of us Phuri
Dae are willing to take it on, extra credit or no.

Not to say we're suicidal; such reality expan-
sion is most often accomplished with some subtlety.
The shocked mind too often shrinks in denial
rather than expanding with sudden comprehen-
sion.

Most of us carefully show the world magic —
and then deny it; perhaps by presenting a play
depicting the role of the Garou in the world, and
then dismissing it as fancy. Traveling families and
kumpaniyi of Gypsies set up and run strange games
where people can play at being vampires in the
midst of unsuspecting humans — but it's only
make-believe, right?

Such conditioning, the thinking goes, will
prepare at least some gaje for the expanded reali-
ties of the Convergence and the reconceptualizing
that that transformation will require. Those gaje
who truly seem to recognize the truth-in-possibil-


ity of our games and shows may find themselves
traveling farther into the rabbit warren of realities
we Rom so freely travel. We watch out for those
gaje (and in some cases, those shilmulo and
werecreatures) ready to be nudged along, whose
minds are flexible and will not shatter in madness.

When we spot such a mental contortionist we
often invite her to learn more, presenting private
showings and telling stranger and truer tales, even
inviting the gaje to travel with our kumpania. If
the gaje has a particularly flexible mind, we will go
all the way, encouraging her to pry away at the
shiny plastic coating of the sugar-dipped placebo
world, to pop the balloons of censored reality and
watch the pieces fly. To experience the fullness of
the many layered, vinegar-sweet universe ..."

Through such converts, allegedly including
Byron, Blake and Lovecraft, the Rom have
achieved greater influence in gaje thinking. Many
such gaje go on to write, produce and develop
various pieces of "fiction" that actually present
glimpses of the truth beneath surface reality.
Movies, books, games, TV programs, tabloids and
all the cacophony of mass media now have nug-
gets of truth buried among the fuzzy blur of banality
and drivel that is their normal fare. Thus does
their tactic of truth-by-denial show-and-tell spread
its influence and stretch the limits of the gaje's
world.

Despite the fictional presentations and re-
tractions, these tactics have begun to draw the
attention of certain mages, vampires, and the
occasional Glass Walker werewolf, who do not
appreciate the mocking, unraveling tendencies of
the pseudo-truths they notice surfacing in the
mass media. Although few of these gaje yet know
the true source of such information, it cannot be
long before they realize who must be behind such
deliberate airings of secrets and decide to retaliate
as they see fit.

The Phuri Dae trace their specific history
back to the time of great flooding. It is said that
Noahe was a Rom of truly powerful mind who also
happened to be the Guardian of the Seeds of
Knowledge (before they were split up). Noahe and
her family were forewarned about a plot to destroy
the people of that land (in particular the Gypsies).

In response, Noahe built a great ark to save
her people, herself and, most importantly, the

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Seeds. Many Phuri Dae believe the flood was
created by certain mages bent on destroying Noahe
and the other Romani because they feared the
Gypsies' powers and perhaps even desired the
Seeds. But others say it was just a werewolf scheme
to rid the world of some particularly disgusting
gaje ensconced in the same land as Noahe and her
people.

Whatever the cause, the Phuri Dae escaped
with their knowledge, and since that time, the
family have felt that they are the especial guard-
ians and lore keepers among the world's chosen.
Noahe's demonstration of the usefulness of both
magic and the Sight also set the example for much
of the Phuri Dae.

Today the Phuri Dae believe the world is
preparing for an even-bigger cleansing, perhaps
through a great flood of reality-expanding knowl-
edge. Although a great number of Phuri Dae now
live and travel in North America, many still reside
in Europe and the Middle East. In all areas, perse-
cution is increasing as governments attempt to
rigidly control both knowledge and power in their
countries.

Ever-suspicious of the Gypsies and their rejec-
tion of conventional authority, certain European
governments have stepped up programs of steril-
ization and systematic persecution and ejection of
the Rom. Still others attempt to steal the Gy,
children away, claiming all Rom to be unfit par-
ents by definition. The same governments, and
others less willing to actively persecute the Rom,
watch in near-silence as Gypsies are barred from
stores and attacked in the streets of their cities.
After all, they are just Gypsies, not real people,
think the officials, walled-off and encased in their
houses of whitewashed decay.

es!

The Phuri Dae know such desperation is a
signal that the dam built of half-truths and denial
is near breaking, but they also fear the effects such
policies have on their own culture and families.
Every Gypsy sterilized, starved, stoned or stolen
means there is one less Rom available to carry the
contraband knowledge of the Blood and to chip
away at the cracks of conventional gaje thought.

Since the time of Noahe herself the Phuri Dae
have been especially adept at the art of gaining
and manipulating knowledge for their own advan-
tage. Although a somewhat subtle power when


compared to, say, the Lupines' aggressive skills, it
has served many of the Phuri Dae well throughout
the ages. Known as Patteran (the sign of knowl-
edge and of the Phuri Dae), many of the Phuri Dae
possess this gift.

Patteran
Magic is the art of changing consciousness at will.

— Starhawk, The Spiral Path

All forms of Patteran involve the ability to
reach beyond the rigid forms of understanding and
learning traditionally relied on by the human
mind. The Phuri Dae describe Patteran as the
Affinity of the shifting mind. Those who possess
such an Affinity are not limited to one or two
patterns of thinking, which their brains stumbled
onto and decided were convenient enough. In-
stead, they are free to consciously choose to see
the world on a multitude of levels.

It costs one point of Willpower to activate this
Affinity.

Level One — Eyes of the Child: With this
ability the Rom is able to take a fresh look at a
problem she finds troubling, whether that prob-
lem is as simple as the answer to a riddle or as
complicated as attempting to find the proper words
to soothe a gibbering lunatic. This Affinity does
not bestow the answer on the Rom "from on high,"
but it can give the Gypsy an insight she may
otherwise have overlooked. For example, the Phuri
Dae trying to calm the lunatic may begin to think
how huge and frightening the world is and how
awful it is to be a tiny being who could be crushed
at any instant. Such an insight is hers to do with
as she sees fit. In the case of the riddle, she might
realize that there is more than one definition of a
particular word in the riddle's clue.

When faced with a problem she can't get a
grip on, a player can roll Patteran + Perception
(difficulty determined by the Storyteller) to see if
she can get another hint. This skill should not be
used as a substitute for actual thinking and inves-
tigation on the part of the players. The character's
mind must be actively engaged (i-e.: she must be
giving it the old college try) for this Affinity to
function at all. It is up to the Storyteller to deter-
mine whether the player is relying too much on

Chapter Five: Families of Power

her Affinity. If so, the Storyteller can just tell the
character that she can't seem to get in touch with
her Affinity right now.

Level Two — Intuitive Understanding: At
this level the Rom can read a piece of writing, hear
an individual's statement, or otherwise receive a
piece of information and, by spending a point of
Willpower, the Rom can determine what the au-
thor/speaker really meant to convey through his
words.

Rom with this Affinity are especially adept at
reading through the histories of the gaje and
determining how much of the information the
author presented is straight fact (as far as the
author knew), and how much was colored by his
biases. Similarly, this Affinity enables a Rom
watching videotaped footing of an event to deter-
mine if the pictures shown represent the true
story, or if they are mere propaganda and artifice.
This cuts down severely on the warping effect of
revisionist history for such Rom.

When a character uses this Affinity, the Sto-
ryteller should tell the character the actual truth
behind the words of the document/statement in
question. This does not mean that if a statement
is a deliberate lie, the Gypsy will know the real
truth, but it does mean he will know the words are
lies, and perhaps get some sense of the kind of
deception (evasion, substitution, reversal, etc.)
the writer/speaker is creating. The intent behind
the words is made clear. The Storyteller must use
his judgment when determining what informa-
tion should be gained by the character.

Level Three — Tales of the Blood: This
Affinity allows a Rom to tell tales with the specific
aim of inspiring in her fellow Rom some quality
shown by one or more of their ancestors. For
example, the Gypsy might tell the tale of Kordin's
Knife Dance on Mount Ararat while her kumpania
is hiding from a bunch of Brujah bad boys miffed
about the misunderstanding that just led to the
torching of one of their pals by the Rom. Such a
tale might inspire the Gypsies to fight even harder
against what looks to be mighty bad odds (five
vampires to five Gypsies).

In order to use this skill, the Gypsy must have
at least a few minutes to tell the tale to her fellow
Rom. When the Rom wishes to inspire others of
her kind, she should make a Patteran + Charisma

roll (difficulty of 7). The number of successes
equals the number of Rom she has inspired. Those
inspired receive an extra die on rolls related to the
appropriate trait in the next scene. In the example
above, the inspired kumpania members would get
an additional die to use in their attack rolls when
fighting the Brujah. A tale where a Gypsy cleverly
talked her way out of a bad situation might add a
die to the Gypsy's Charisma or Manipulation for
the duration of the scene.

Level Four — Noahe's Knot: This Affinity
enables a Rom to manipulate the threads of time
to do some spiritual fishing. Setting a trap among
the threads of time, the Gypsy baits the trap with
a piece of information of the type he himself seeks.
So, if the Rom is looking for information on the
realm of Arcadia, he might offer up a piece of
information on the faeries who call themselves
mottleds and smoothes and live in the Catskills of
New York.

When a player's Romani character goes fish-
ing among the threads of time, the player should
roll a Patteran + Appropriate Knowledge — for
example, Faerie Lore (difficulty of 8). The number
of successes indicates the amount of knowledge
the Rom learns. If the player botches the roll, the
Rom not only does not learn anything, but he also
loses the piece of knowledge with which he baited
the trap.

One Success: The Rom learns one specific,
useful fact.

Two Successes: One general concept is also
learned.

Three Successes: The Rom learns a key piece
of information about the subject

Four Successes: The Rom learns the general
history of the subject and immediately gains a dot
to his knowledge skill.

Five Successes: The Rom learns all informa-
tion he needs to know about the subject on hand

Level Five — Shadow Walking: At this point
the Rom understands the process by which each
person creates her own reality so well that she can
distance herself, to some extent, from normal
reality. By spending a point of Willpower, the
Rom is able to loosen her body's ties to the physi-
dal vealityancwhielr ienormally resides. ‘Thus'shé

100 A World of Darkness: Gypsies

can walk the sliver-path of reality the Rom call
the Shadowed Path, where the spiritual and physi-
cal realms meet.

When walking the shadows, the Gypsy can
still perceive both the physical and spirit realms
clearly, but she cannot be perceived by any beings
currently existing in just one or the other of these
worlds unless they make a successful Wits + Oc-
cult roll (difficulty of 8).

Because the Rom is still tenuously connected
to both realms, she can reach into either world
and manipulate objects, communicate, etc. by
making a successful Manipulation + Dexterity roll
(difficulty of 7). The Gypsy can Shadow Walk for
one hour per point of Stamina she possesses.

The Tsurara

As my mother wept it was then I swore
To take my life as I would a whore

I know I'm better than before

T will not be reconstructed

Just wanna stay right here

On the sunnyside of the street

— The Pogues, "The Sunnyside of the
Street"

The Tsurara, or "Knife Tribe," is a new and
radical family. First gathered together in the late
1940s by a young Gypsy mage known as Korasca,
the Tsurara believe in the superiority of the Rom
over all others, and the superiority of the Knife
Tribe over all Rom. Believing themselves to be
the finely honed epitome of all that the Blood
brings the Rom, the Tsurara see their fledgling
family as the zenith of the pentagram: the rarefied
spirit that forms the highest level of Romani
evolution.

Claiming to be the new Guardians of Bonnerin,
the Seed of the Balanced Scale, (and in some cases
claiming control of all the Seeds), the Tsurara
believe the Convergence is just around the cor-
ner. They also believe that they shall be the
driving blade that slices the strings of power held
by all others, but most especially the vampires ...

The first Tsurara, Korasca, was the only mem-
ber of his family to survive the genocide of the
Holocaust. Bitter and alone, he wandered Europe
searching for other isolated Rom like himself.
Eventually he met up with a vampire neonate who

Chapter Five: Families of Power

told Korasca how she and other Rom had taken
part in an uprising at Glodker, one of the Nazi
concentration camps. The shilmulo neonate,
Trinka, went into detail, explaining how another
shilmulo had Embraced many of the Rom of the
camp and how they had then risen against their

imprisoners, destroying the camp for good

Although at first gladdened by Trinka's news,
Korasca became more and more horrified as he
heard Trinka speak of the sharing and drinking of
blood. Questioning the young vampire, Korasca
discovered she and all the others had been drained
of their Romani Blood in order to become shilmulo.
Disguising his horror at her story, Korasca agreed
to guard Trinka while she slept within the Earth's
embrace.

Korasca spent half the day thinking on the
new horrors revealed to him by Trinka. Not only
had she spoken so freely of the Blood, but she and
the others had freely given away their Blood, their
heritage, to be free of the concentration camp.
The Rom of the camp had sold their heritage in
order to free themselves and save their own skins.
To Korasca's way of thinking, Trinka and the
others had committed an even greater form of
genocide than the Third Reich by turning against
themselves and destroying their own Blood.

Soon Korasca knew what he must do. Taking
up a shovel and pick, the traditional weapons of
the righteous and downtrodden, Korasca exposed
Trinka to the purifying rays of the sun, thus de-
stroying his first "traitor to the Blood."

Known variously as the Tsurara, the Knife
Tribe, and the Slayers, the family begun by Korasca
is dedicated to keeping the Romani Blood pure.
The family is convinced that when the Conver-
gence arrives, Romani of the true Blood must
stand ready to play their crucial role of purifica-
tion. If the Urmen see the Rom as midwives to a
new era, the Slayers view themselves as surgeons
wielding a gleaming scalpel.

The Tsurara look forward with fevered
imaginings to the time of the Convergence, when
they can lash away with the white-hot surgeon's
blade, cutting away the impure, cancerous growths,
leaving only the truly pure and healthy behind (in
this case, only the true Rom and those gaje des-
tined to support them).

Who is pure and who is marhime, or impure, is
a fiercely debated subject among members of the
family, but almost all agree the vampires, and all
Ravnos shilmulo in particular, must be excised.
The Slayers view the Ravnos shilmulo as the worst
of traitors, and do not even consider them to be
Rom, for the vampires sacrifice their Blood for
power, and without the Blood, there can be no
Rom. Humans of the Ravnos family are seen as
almost as bad, although the Tsurara concede that
some of their particularly pure Blood may be
salvageable.

Very different from their near-unanimous con-
victions about the vampires is the debate now
thriving among members of the Tsurara over the
status of the werewolves and their kin. Some insist
that werewolves embody the physical rage and
power of the Rom and are of the purest Blood,
while other members disagree vehemently, saying
the werewolves, being part animal, have their
own peculiar allegiances and thus cannot be pure
Gypsies in both mind and soul. Others point out
that they are the children of incest, and sullied by
this heritage. Still other Tsurara think the Silent
Striders and other Garou, though not of as pure
Blood as the Rom, may still be meant to serve the
Rom as guards, just as dogs travel with most
Romani families (and all Tsurara kumpaniyi).

The Slayers agree that Rom must only lie with
Rom, so that the Blood can remain as pure as
possible. Producing children with a gaje is thus
considered a crime against the Blood and carries
severe penalties among the Tsurara, up to and
including death.

The Knife Tribe vigorously encourages its
members to hone all Abilities, most especially
those tied to the Blood; all branches of the family
constantly seek to improve their powers. This is
the main reason why the Slayers, although a par-
ticularly isolated grouping of families, emphatically
encourage young members to go on tour with
Gypsies of other families (even Raynos). The
elder Tsurara see this as the most convenient way
to glean information about what the other fami-
lies (particularly other families of power) are
thinking and doing, as well as to enable young
Slayers to learn some of the skills peculiar to other
families. However, in recent years many young
Gypsies have begun refusing to accept youths of
the Tsurara into their kumpania.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

When a Slayer is accepted on a tour, she is
usually watched very closely for the same reasons
the Tsurara encourage their young to go on tour.
Because of this suspicion, many Slayers pretend to
be from a different family, usually a lesser family,
in order to gain easier admission to a tour.

The Tsurara actively search out all vampires,
but most especially Ravnos, as they are convinced
that destroying all shilmulo is a vital cause. The
Tsurara's demographics are disproportionately
young and male. These Slayers wander from city
to city looking for trouble. The most radical of
these youths believe that all gaje are fair game, not
just to con and steal from, but to kill.

Young Slayers often either shave and tattoo
their heads or wear their hair long and unkempt.
Many experiment with drugs and other forms of
mind-alteration in order to tap into, or heighten,
the specific powers of their Blood. Although mem-
bers of the Tsurara are not the only Rom known to
fall into this trap, they are the most likely to do so.
Some older members of the clan encourage such
behavior, claiming the Knife Tribe's mission is
important enough to warrant such extreme meth-
ods.

Unfortunately for these young Rom, many of
these users soon reach the point where they are
only able to tap into their Blood-given abilities
while using drugs. This sets up a vicious cycle of
drug addiction that all too often leads to an early
grave for these Tsurara, and may eventually lead
to the clan's death as well.

Blood Sense

Atsome point in his work, Korasca discovered
that the Blood provided him with a method for
discerning both the purity of a Rom's Blood and
the blood of others. Over the years Korasca learned
how to sense the blood of others and to determine
its very nature. In the last few years before his
disappearance, Korasca was said to be able to smell
a Ravnos several miles distant ("reeking of gan-
grene and poison"). Knowing the advantage such
an ability was to his cause, Korasca taught some of
the Slayers how to use this ability to know their
enemies.

This ability is a strictly guarded skill. Slayers
who learn how to sense blood must swear on their
own Family that they will not reveal its secret to


any not of the clan. The only Slayer known to
have revealed this skill to an outsider (one of the
Phuri Dae) was subjected to the Tsurara ritual
known as the Cleansing.

This ritual consists of hoisting the subject
over a large fire in a spread-eagled position and
making small, but deep, cuts at the pulse points
(wrists, throat, groin). The Blood of the subject is
cleansed by the fire. Normally the ritual ends in
death and the body's cremation. Occasionally, if
there is a possibility of the traitor repairing the
damage to the Rom, the ritual is stopped prior to
death and the traitor given a chance to redeem
herself.

The ability to sense blood enables a Slayer to
sense the quality and nature of blood itself. Spend-
ing one point of Willpower, the Tsurara rolls a
Perception + Blood Sense (difficulty of 6) to
determine success. If the Slayer is unsuccessful,
she simply can't tell anything about the subject's
blood and heritage. The level of skill determines
the amount of sensitivity the Rom has.

Level One: The Slayer is able to determine
whether or not a given individual has Romani
Blood. Additional successes enable the Slayer to
determine the purity of the Blood (number of
Blood Purity points). This ability can also detect
a vampire who currently has Romani Blood in her
veins (although she cannot necessarily tell the
target is a vampire).

Level Two: The Slayer can determine if an
individual is a mage. Additional successes enable
the Slayer to determine the general nature of the
mage's abilities.

Level Three: The sensor can determine if the
subject is a vampire or werewolf. Vampires with
the Obfuscate Discipline are more difficult to
detect. Each level of Obfuscate increases the dif-
ficulty level by one. A Slayer attempting to sense
the blood of a vampire with two levels of Obfus-
cate would need to roll a nine to succeed.

Level Four: Once the blood of a vampire,
Rom or werewolf has been first sensed, the Slayer
can "smell" the person's blood from up to one mile
distant simply by concentrating on it.

Level Five: At this level the Slayer can sense
a known quarry up to three miles distant. Addi-

Chapter Five: Fam

tionally, the sensor can determine what physical
state the subject is in: active, wounded, asleep,
etc.

Tsurara in a Chronicle

The Tsurara are a particularly vicious,
hatemongering family of Gypsies that has quickly
grown in power since Korasca destroyed his first
Ravnos. Although information on the Tsurara
and their special abilities is given in this book,
Storytellers are advised to use the Tsurara as
antagonists in Chronicles. Storytellers may even
wish to prevent players from creating such charac-
ters.

In a very real sense the Slayers represent the
lurking danger of the Gypsies' heritage. The Gyp-
sies have been set apart by both their Blood and
their great knowledge. In addition, they have
been persecuted simply for being different and a
minority, and because others recognize that they
possess something the rest of the world does not.
Such conditions have served to unify the Gypsies
in a way that only the intimacy of a threatened
minority, cast adrift on a hostile world, can do.

The Gypsies cherish their unique knowledge,
heritage and abilities, protecting these from the
cultural octopus that is the world of the gaje.
However, in the Slayers, the power-in-self and
communal identity of the Gypsies has festered and
turned into a power-over mentality. Believing
what the gaje fear, that any who have superior (or
exclusive) access to power and knowledge will feel
others inferior and worthy of abuse, the Tsurara
sink into a cycle of fear and insecurity. Those
having this type of mind-set constantly fear that if
they are not grinding others into the dirt, thus
proving their superiority by pain, they will be the
ones on the bottom.

Such a mentality feeds on itself, turning all
who do not fit exactly into the rigid specifications
of the group into enemies to be tortured and
destroyed. Soon, even those members of the group
who are not of exactly the same hatemongering
mind-set and abilities (such as the other families
of Rom), also become the enemy. From this can-
cerous cycle of pain, domination and subjugation,
there is little hope for redemption.


A World of Darkness: Gypsies


Chapter Six:

Gypsy
Chronicles

Our interest' s on the dangerous edge of things,
The honest thief, the tender murderer,
The superstitious atheist

— Robert Browning, "Luria"

This chapter suggests a number of themes and
plots to help the Storyteller generate Gypsy-based
chronicles and stories. Also described are the
members of a sample kumpania, as well as some of
the more important Rom of today.

Sample Gypsy
Stories an
Chronicles

‘The followingmre ideas forpossiblestoneser
. Such
stonies.are onlyafewof themuiltitudeof possibili-

chronicles centered around Gypsy ch

cte

ties available to a Storyteller running a
Gypsy-centered Chronicle. Remember, the Gyp-

Chapter: Six::Gypsy. Chronidles

sies are connected to just about all the behind the
scenes goings-on of the Gothic-Punk world, so
they can be tied into any aspect of the world

Youth on the Loose

Many Storytellers may wish to start a Gypsy
chronicle with a prelude of sorts — the story of
how a particular kumpania decided to get to-
gether. It is almost certain that your players will
want to play Gypsies from different families. This
means the youngsters are going to have to ally as
a kumpania, since they probably would not be all
together otherwise.

A story that begins at a wild, multi-family
Gypsy party and/or meeting is a good place to
introduce the characters to each other and to

some of the many facets of Gypsy culture. The
Storyteller can utilize a number of tactics to spice
up the kumpania's "birth."

One that works especially well is having a
Romani seer foretell the future for the potential
kumpania. In her reading, the Gypsy should drop
a few obscure references to the Convergence, the
characters' stars aligning in a sign of great impor-
tance, or some such. This will help the players and
characters begin to feel that their kumpania is
fated to have one of those tours that changes
history (which is what most members of kumpaniyi
on tour feel). It is up to the Storyteller and players
to decide if the seer is right.

An alternative method is to have the meeting
of families raided by whatever authorities are in
the area. The Gypsies' goods are confiscated and
many are hauled off to jail, with the only real
explanation being that they are Gypsies. When
they try to help their family members, the
kumpania finds itself deported or otherwise sepa-
rated, and undoubtedly steamed. Storytellers who
use this opening should be sure to throw in a
bunch of hints about who's really behind the
current persecutions (skinheads, the Technoc-
racy, the police, another Gypsy family with a
grudge against them, the Tsurara, etc.).

Children of Pain

This chronicle centers around the sudden dis-
appearances of numerous Romani children from
the Gypsy camps. Someone is taking Gypsy chil-
dren — why? The characters must discover the
answer. Is it Magadon, Inc., searching for more
Lupine kin to pollute and control, or perhaps a
group of mages bent on discovering the secret of
Gypsy Blood and how it can be used to increase
their own powers?

The Madman''s Knife

This story centers on the hatred of the Tsurara
and their leader Korasca for the Ravnos and those
Gypsies who would aid them. When the kumpania
travels through some urban area, a small family of
Ravnos asks the characters to aid them in negotia-
tions with the local members of the Knife Tribe.
The Ravnos claim that the persecution by the
Tsurara has grown so fierce that they fear for their
lives whenever they go to the market. The family

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

is protecting one of their own, a shilmulo who has
slipped into torpor after nearly being destroyed by
the group of skinhead Slayers.

This story works best if at least one of the
characters is of the Ravnos family, but it is work-
able even if this is not the case. If the characters
don't agree to help their fellow Rom, the Tsurara
will still turn on them for merely talking to the
family. This will lead in turn to the characters'
persecution by the overzealous Slayers, led by a
particularly powerful young Knife Dancer or magic
worker.

Bloodlust

Here the characters stumble upon a bloody
scene of horror, in which a whole camp of Rom
lies dead, bled dry bya vampire. A Raynos shilmulo
addicted to the Blood of the Rom sits slumped
among the carnage he has wrought, holding the
body of his baby sister in his arms.

This story centers on the potential for healing
in all creatures. The vampire in question will beg
the characters to help him rid himself of his
terrible Bloodlust. It is up to the characters whether
they choose to aid one who was once a Rom like
themselves.

This story can be particularly effective if the
vampire in question is familiar to, or even a rela-
tive of, one of the characters in the kumpania.
This method can accurately evoke the pain and
loss that addiction brings, both to those addicted
and to their families.

The Threads Of Time

This is a particularly rare story in which the
kumpania is visited by Black Ellen (see the Who's
Who, below). She tells the kumpania a story of
how one of the Seeds of Knowledge was endan-
gered, and if not for the members of one brave
kumpania, it would have been destroyed by the
powerful vampire into whose hands it had fallen.

It turns out that the kumpania in question is
the characters' very own. Black Ellen uses powers
beyond the ken of other Rom to weave the threads
of time around the characters, transporting them
to wherever and whenever the Storyteller places
the danger. This story allows the Storyteller to
place his characters in a different era and involve
them with one of the mythic Seeds of Knowledge.


This should get the players' attention, but such
contact with the Seeds should by no means be a
regular occurrence!

One Enchanted Evening

While spending time in some gaje city, the
characters stop at a Gypsy tarot store and "safe
house." There, they discover that the "Rom" who
are running the store are not Gypsies at all, but
either some form of simulacrum or gaje imperson-
ators. The characters receive various clues as to
the fates of their fellow Rom through the practice
of their magic, questioning other Rom and gaje in
the area, and using any other form of investigation
at their disposal.

afe

After encountering a few difficulties, the char-
acters discover that the kidnapped Rom are being
held by people who are conducting experiments
on them to determine the nature of the Rom's
special powers. The kidnappers are most probably
Technocracy mages, but they could be Verbena
mages, Tremere vampires or minions of Pentex.

In order to keep the secret of their Blood from
the kidnappers, the characters will have to rescue
their fellow Rom. This will undoubtedly be a
tricky operation requiring stealth, conniving and
all the powers of their Blood, as their opponents
outclass the characters in sheer power.

Reckoning

This story requires the characters to take the
part of hunters. When a coterie of (non-Ravnos)
vampires shows a predilection for Romani Blood,
the characters must become hunters themselves,
or else be hunted down in turn. Many of the
Gypsies' special gifts make them exceptional vam-
pire hunters, but the shilmulo are always dangerous

Chapter Six: Gypsy Chronicles

opponents, especially gaje shilmulo who have
learned how to exploit the Romani Blood in their
veins...

Another twist on this storyline involves an
elder Ravnos Methuselah who is beginning to
awaken from a long period of torpor. In order to
complete this process, the Methuselah needs the
Blood of anumber of Gypsies. While still slumber-
ing, the vampire sends orders to his minions to
find Gypsies and bring them to him. If the charac-
ters can't find a way to keep the Methuselah in
torpor, or to destroy him, he will continue to feed
off the Rom, devastating entire families to quench
his thirst.

Where the Wyld Things
Are

While traveling through the countryside,
Black Spiral Dancers, Fomori, a ghoul, a Brujah
gang, or some other enemy attacks the characters.
The kumpania is obviously outnumbered and seems
in dire trouble. Luckily for the characters, they spy
a network of caves, an abandoned gas station, or
some such place where they can bulwark them-

selves.

When the characters reach this spot, how-
ever, they stumble onto a group of faeries
conducting a rite. The faeries have just opened a
gateway between Earth and the spirit world. The
characters disrupt the rite and end up being trans-
ported to one of the faerie realms in the Umbra.
They must now find a way to return to their world.

The realm should resemble Lewis Carroll's
Wonderland, with the characters taking Alice's
part. It is a bizarre realm where the normal rules of
behavior do not apply, and the players must think
creatively to find a way back home.


Sample
Romani

Katina Turasca

Katina grew up in a kumpania traveling the Ameri-
can Eastern circuit, from Miami to New York. The entire
Raynos kumpania was dominated by the presence of an
ancient Ravnos shilmulo. Katina's parents, grandparents
and most of her aunts, uncles and older siblings were
dominated and controlled by the shilmulo, Kiradin.

When Katina was only 5 years old, Kiradin acciden-
tally killed her mother by drinking too deeply of her
Blood. Since that day, three other members of the
kumpania have died from Kiradin's Kiss, and Kiradin has
granted the tumnimos, the dark Embrace, to Katina's elder
sister, Elyana.

Two years ago, when Katina was 15, Kiradin first fed
upon her. Repulsed and yet attracted at the same time,
Katina cried in her bed at the back of her father's trailer
until Elyana crawled in beside her and comforted Katina.
Soothing her, Elyana told Katina that she must leave the
kumpania and strike out on her own, as her family was too
full of the prikaza of the Ravnos.

|

"Besides," Elyana murmured, "I can already see the

desire for the Embrace in your eyes, little Rabbit, and |

would not see your Blood ripped from you as mine was. }

While you remain with the family I cannot promise that. |
Even might be tempted to Embrace you, to feel your vite

flood my sens:

The next morning Katina announced that she was
leaving to find a tour. Although her family made a fuss
over her, she could sense their relief.

For the next two years, Katina made her living
playing the guitar and doing handstands on the streets of |
gaje cities. Occasionally she would meet other Romani,
but often she found herself wandering into dark clubs

reeking of shilmulo, fascinated yet terrified. Soon Katina
realized that she would succumb to her fascination, would
betray her Blood and search out the Embrace, if she did
not do something quick. It was then that Katina decided
to actually join a kumpania and go on tour.

Being on tour has temporarily distracted Katina from
her strange fascination with the Kindred, but she is afraid
that if she doesn't find a way to rid herself of this
fascination, she will surrender to it sooner or later. Katina

guards this information closely, as she is concerned that

the other members of her kumpania would loathe her for
her weakness.

Equipment: Guitar, light pistol, leather jacket cov-
ered in Patteran symbols, a long, barbed scarf for use as a
talith.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

YA World of g Darkness:

Uypsies"

Name: Katina Turasca Nature: Deviant Element: Fire

Player: Demeanor: Conformist Sex: Female

Chronicle: Family: Ravnos Concept:

Strength. @@000 Charisma @@0@00 Perception OOO
Dexterity, @eee@0 = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence Tereye)
Stamina @@@00 Appearance @@000 Wits @@000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting. 00000. Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness. @@000 Drive @@000 Computer. O0000
Athletics @@000 Etiquette 00000 Finance 00000

Brawl. 000. Firearms @@000 Investigation 00000
Dodge @@000 Melee. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000. Music @@000 Linguistics @0000
Intimidation 00000 Repair. @0000_ Medicine. 00000
Leadership 00000 — Security. 00000 Occult____—————s 7?°0}];b00
Streetwise, @0000 Stealth, 00000 __ Politics, 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 — Survival @0000 Science______— 970000
nas scams omasemstsieresne Advantages a
Blood Affinities Backgrounds Virtues
Dance of Knive e@@000 Allies @@000 Conscience @0000
Instinct @@000 Contacts @@000
00000 Resources e0000_ Self-Control___ eee00
OOO00O OO00O0
00000 ooooo Courage___ eeeee
ass RSE PS SS ESSERE
+— Other Traits —- +— Humanity Health
Drinking ©0000 @@e@e@e5eeee00 Bruised Q
Kindred Lore __ 0000 Hurt ier tel
Romani Lore __ Injured ieee
Talith ER  Seunded i 2
@eeeeeeeooo Mauled -2 QO
+—— Combst— DoooogngoOO Crippled 5 0
Weapon Difficulty | Damage Incapacitated Q

Blood Purity — ~— Experience ——-

W¥woaoa 0g

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Affinities: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 9 Freebie Points: 21

Sinfi
Now aripe-old 21 years of age, Sinfi has spent
most of his life exploring the undercities and
sewers of America. He was born in India, but
Sinfi's family left that country when he was eight,
due to a disagreement between his father and
Pashira, the Queen of the Banjara family. Travel-
ing almost six years, the family finally reached
London and, from there, the United States.

On their journey, Sinfi and his family stole
their way through some of the great cities of the
Western world. Exploring the undercities of
Venice, Berlin, Paris, The Hague and more, Sinfi
learned much about the ways of the underworld
and of the gaje who huddled in their homes above
him, burying their filth in the darkness below.

Although he spent the vast majority of his
youth in the sewers, Sinfi and his family also
devoted a fair amount of time to stealing from and
otherwise bilking the gullible gaje of the cities
Reaching America, the family glibly continued its
pattern, hitting the cities and towns that dot the
shores of the Mississippi river, delving into the
undercities at every opportunity.

Sinfi loved the dripping, darkened world of
the sewers, and he might have stayed with his
family forever, stealing from the gaje and disap-
pearing back into his underground world. However,
Sinfi's family insisted that he find a kumpania to
join, for the family knew little of the ways of the
American Gypsies, and his mother decided such a
tour would be the best way for the family to learn
Although he squirmed at first, Sinfi finally acqui
esced.

Sinfi's great joys in life revolve around finding
new ways to torment and live off the American |
gaje. His knowledge of sewers and undercities
proves remarkably handy for fast get-aways, and
the other members of his kumpania have come to
appreciate this. On the rare occasions Sinfi has
been apprehended, he has used his innocent, wide-
eyed looks and apparent honesty to devastating
effect, often convincing even the man who caught
him picking his pocket that he has accused the
wrong boy

Equipment: Lockpicks, variety of IDs and
credit cards, Earring of Earthly Grounding, back-
pack, Walkman™ and tapes.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

DA World of g Darkness:

Name: Sinfi
Player: Demeanor: Jester Sex: Male
Chronicle: Family: Banjara Concept: Street-urchin,

= aE Attributes ns

Strength @0000_) Charisma @e@00 Perception
Dexterity. @e0ee0 Manipulation @e0e0 Intelligence
Stamina_______ @@O000 = Appearance @e000 Wits

lents Skills Knowledges

Acting. @@000 Animal Ken 00000 — Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness. 00000 | Drive 00000 Computer. OQ0000
Athletics ooo000 — Etiquette 00000 | Finance 00000
Brawl @0000 ‘Firearms @@000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge. @@000 ___ 00000" Law____ 3" |. 60000
Empathy. @0000 sic. 00000 Linguistics OO0000
Intimidation, 00000 pai —_ 00000 Medicine____——— 070000
Leadership. 00000 — Security. @@000 Occult @0000
Streetwise @eee0o Stealth @@00 $= Politics, 0000
Subterfuge 00000 | Survival. @@@00 Science 00000

Blood Affinities Backgrounds Virtues

Luck @0000 Contacts ee0eeo Conscience @0000
Truth of the Rom @@ooo0 Draba @0000
00000 00000 Self-Control

00000 00000
00000 00000 Courage.
+— Other Traits — + Humanity Health

Area Knowledge: Sewers @@®00 @ @@@eeee00 Bruised
Pick Fockets __ @@@oo Hurt -|

Storytelling __@0000 Injured I
jure -
Talith 0000: +—— Will power Wounded -2

age apes! bar, 90800080000 Mauled 2
———_— Sonat GUO: «8©69§Grippled 5

Weapon Difficulty} Damage Incapacitated

Blood Purity — +— Experience ——

"MHaaag

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Affinities: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 9 Freebie Points: 2)


Sam-Sam

From the time he wasa child, Sam-Sam has hada gift
for manipulating electronic devices and computers. Typi-
cal of the Rom, his parents grasped the nature and
direction that change would be taking and so realized the
importance computers would soon have in the lives of the
gaje. Sam-Sam's birth reading had shown that he was a
child of Earth, so his parents were unsurprised by Sam-
Sam's affinity for complicated devices,

They were surprised, however, when he managed to
cobble together a simple piece of draba that could unlock
combination locks in a mere second. The next time the
family ran into a kumpania of the Phuri Dae, they gave
him into their care in exchange for a number of powerful
draba.

Traveling the Chicago-Washington D.C. circuit with
his new family, Sam-Sam absorbed knowledge about
magic and the history of the Rom. He also spent a great
deal of time learning about the computers, ATMs, elec-
tronic security devices and other contraptions that were
becoming more and more a part of the gaje's cultural
landscape. In no time Sam-Sam had combined his magi-

caland electronic skills todevastating effect, manipulating
the information highway to funnel funds and information
to Phuri Dae around the world.

Gradually, however, Sam-Sam began to feel odd
about stealing from the gaje. Even if they were only gaje,
he knew he was hurting many of them, and unasked-for
glimpses from his Sight sometimes provoked afew twinges
of guilt. He also was becoming bored with the ease with
which he ran his scams.

Escalating his penetration of the Internet, Sam-Sam
began utilizing more of his magic and draba to access
highly confidential computer systems, gaining valuable
information and stretching his abilities... and bringing
him into contact with several Virtual Adept mages.
These gaje mages amazed Sam-Sam with their abilities to

manipulate the Internet and connecting computer sys-
tems. The mages warned him of other mages known as
"the Technocracy," telling Sam-Sam that these mages
might attempt to capture both him and his family.

Shortly after his contact with the Virtual Adepts,
Sam-Sam spied someone on the net who he thought
might be one of the infamous Technocracy. He believes
he successfully cut all contacts with the net before the
mage noticed his presence, but he is not sure.

Currently on tour with a kumpania of young Rom,
Sam-Sam is attempting to learn all he can about others of
his kind and about gaje mages.

Equipment: Laptop computer and modem, numer-
ous disks, wiring kit, dark sunglasses wrapped in white silk
(to use while dazing)

A World of Darkness: Gypsies


IA World of 4 Darkness:

Name: Sam-Sam Nature: Architect Element: Earth
Player: Demeanor: Vizionary Sex: Male
Chronicle: Family: Phuri Dae Concept: Technomancer

Strength. @@000 Charisma O00 Perception. @@000

Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation. @@0@00 Intelligence

Stamina. @@000 Appearance @@000 Wits @e000
Talents Ski Knowledges

Acting 00000. Animal Ken. 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000

Alert 00000 | Drive 00000 Computer____ @@@@O0

Athletic: oOo0000 — Etiquette 00000 Finance____——————S—— O;[OO0O

Brawl. 00000 | Firearms 00000 igation. O0000
Dodge. @@000 Melee 00000 00000
Empathy. @0000 Music 00000 Linguistics @@000
Intimidation. 00000 Repair. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership. O0000 | Security. @@000 Occult @0000
Streetwise. 00000 | Stealth. 00000 _ Politics 00000
Subterfuge. @0000 Survival 00000 | Science 00000
Blood Affinities Backgrounds Virtues
Draba e000 Allies e@0000 Conscience G@080
Patteran @0000 Contacts @@000
The Sight @0000 Fame e@0000_ Self-Control___ eeeeo
00000 = Mentor 0000
00000 00000 Courage___
jm PES SET A ETRE EE TEP
+— Other Traits —- +~— Humanity Health
Artisti ression @@O000 : 2
Fortune-Telling _eecc0 @O@SCCOCCOO ~~ Bruised a
py 68000 Hurt -l QO
Magus Lore @0000 Willer Injured 1 ee
Meditation «0000 Wounded -2 OU
Romani Lore ecocnd PORSSSBOOOO0O Mauled 2 0
+——— Comba? —— 9000000000 Crippled = -5
Wespasi Difficulty | Damage Incapacitated QO

+— Blood Purity — + Experience ——

"@wawaa

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: L1/7/4 Affinities: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 9 Freebie Points: 21


A World of Darknes

Clotho Fae

Named after the youngest of the fates, Clotho is
amember of one of the smallest branches of the Urme
family. The faerie blood sings loudly in Clotho's
veins, and she has had friends among the fair folk
almost since birth.

Until the last few years of her life, Clotho had an
isolated existence, even for a member of the Rom.
Her small family kumpania traveled up and down the
Appalachian Trail, stopping at small towns and farm-
steads to ply their trade as ers and veterinarians
able to cure incurable animals, and occasionally sell-
ing the odd protection device or luck-catcher.

Clotho also learned another of the family's stock-in-
trades from her mother — the bujo. Offering to read the
tarot cards for any gaje whom her mother thought a
likely target; Clotho would usually use herskill at sensing
what and where the most important thing in a person's
life was (the gift of her faerie blood), while either she or
her mother "found" blackened egg yolks in the farmer's
hens' eggs or turned up (palmed) a burnt tarot card.
Clotho grew quite skilled at this art, and as she matured
she grew particularly skilled at flustering male gaje and
convincing her mark to part with anything and every-
thing Clotho desired.

A few yearsago, Clotho left her family'skumpania
and her friends among the Appalachian faeries to go
on tour with her current companions. She is always
alert for signs of faerie activity and stays on good terms

with most of the fey she meets.

She is particularly fond of meeting the change-
lings among the gaje, and she often serve

asa
messenger and information-barterer for the change-
lings in the cities the kumpania frequents. Initially,
the gaje cities were ashock to Clotho's system, but she
has since come to relish the increased opportunities
to play with the gaje.

Clotho loves luxurious materials, wild sex, and all
that is sensual in life. She often uses her innate
empathy and Blood Affinities to touch other people,
faeries, spirits, etc., reveling in the sensations her
mind and body receive. She has learned, however,
not to use her skill at Zapaderin too often in gaje
clubs, for it has caused several incidents that ended in
bloodshed.

Equipment: A variety of silk, velvet, leather and
satin clothes, tarot cards wrapped in silk, a growing
number of tattoos, and various bujo props (fake blood,
burnt tarot cards, etc.).


Name: Clotho Fae
Player:
Chroni

Nature: Gallant
Demeanor: Gallant
Family: Urme

Element:
Sex: Female
Concept: Sybarite

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina

@0000
@@800
@@000

Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance.

@e@e800
\_@@000
@e0e00

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits,

@@@00
@6000
@@000

Talents
Acting,
Alertness
Athletics.
Brawl.
Dodge
Empathy.
Intimidation
Leadership.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge

OOO00O0
OOO00O0
@@000
0000

;OOO
@@000
OO0O00O0
0000
OO0000
00000

Skills

Animal Ken,
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Melee.
Music.
Repair.
Security.
Stealth,

Survival

00000

00000
0000
00000
00000
@@000
00000

Knowledges

00000
00000
00000
OO0000
0000
00000
00000
O0000
0000
00000

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Finance.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics
Science

Blood Affinities

Faerie Thread @0000

Backgrounds
Allies @@000

The Sight @@000

Draba @@000

OO0000

Zapaderin @@000
00000

O0000

OO000

0000,

Virtues
Conscience @0080
Self-Control___ eeeee

Courage @0@000

pense ee SE ETS

+— Other Traits —
Bujo 000
Diversion @0000
Faerie Lore ___——— @@@00
Fortune-Telling _ @@@oo
Magus Lore __@0000
Pick Fockets__@@e@oo
Seduction __@@o000
Spirit Lore #0000

OO0000

OO0O00O0

OOOO0O

+— Humanity

Health

@©00000080800

+— Willpower ——

@@eeeee0000
ONOO0000000

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured -1
Wounded -2
Mauled 2
Crippled -5
Incapacitated

+—Blood Purity — ~— — Experience ——

"M4Mwawadq

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Affinities: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 9 Freebie Points: 21


Who's Who

Among the
om

The following Gypsies are some of the more
prominent traveling through today's Gothic-Punk
world. Most of these Gypsies are known at least
within their own family, while a few are familiar to
almost all the Rom.

Black Ellen

Black Ellen is a female Gypsy of indeterminate
years. She has slanted eyes that have been described
as echoing every color in the rainbow, and her skin
is dark, even for a Gypsy. She always appears among
her fellow Rom in traditional Gypsy skirts, bangles
and scarves, although no Rom can remember seeing
her wear shoes.

Black Ellen is the consummate storyteller. Out-
side of the legendary mother Daenna, she is the most
famous teller of tales among the Rom. Her stories are
so fascinating and clever that she has been known to
keep whole families of Rom in rapt attention for
periods of up to two nights and two days.

However, Black Ellen is notoriously sensitive
about her stories, and if she catches even one mem-
ber of her audience not paying attention, she will
leave off the story, never to finish it again for that
family or kumpania. One of her most famous tactics
is to suddenly speak the word prala, or brother, and
if her listeners do not immediately respond pena, or
sister, she will cease her tale.

Nothing much is known of Black Ellen's history
or current life. Black Ellen does not travel with any
particular kumpania or family, although most be-
lieve her to be a member of the Phuri Dae.

Black Ellen has been traveling for at least the
past 40 years, although she was described as a woman
of indeterminate years even then. There are those
who suggest that if she is not Daenna herself, Black
Ellen may have managed to learn to travel the
threads of time. If so, she could be sliding through
time, dropping in on her fellow Rom when she feels
the need for company or to try out some newly
collected tale.

Her goals are by no means clear, although she
as been known to suddenly appear among the dirt

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

bikes and trailers of a small kumpania on tour, only
totell thematale that, at the time, seems strange and
nonsensical, but which aids them at some later time.
This sort of behavior leads many of the Phuri Dae to
speculate that Black Ellen is attempting to test and
groom certain younger Rom for their role(s) in the
nearing Convergence. But what role she sees the
Gypsies playing is anyone's guess.

Korasca

The driving force behind the Tsurara family,
Korasca has turned the hate, pain and fear he expe-
rienced during the Holocaust into a ladder with
which to elevate himself to the vaulted heights of
righteousness. Although the scope of his hatred is
broad, he particularly directs his Slayers to punish
the "traitors to the Blood." This definition tends to
encompass whoever disagrees with Korasca, but he
mostly targets the Ravnos shilmulo (with the hu-
mans of the clan not far behind), and any Gypsy who
has sex with a gaje and thus pollutes the Blood.

Although many Gypsies outside the Tsurara
shake their heads at the irony of the reality Korasca
has created for himself, he is incapable of seeing the
terrible parallels between himself and the Nazis who
murdered his people and took away his youth.

In recent years Korasca's tactics have grown more
severe, and he has begun to actively recruit young
Gypsies from other families. Once they complete the
Tsurara's harrowing initiation rites, which all would-be
adult Slayers must experience, Korasca rewards his
soldiers of the Blood with opportunities for bloodshed
and pain, all the while whispering to his family that
they are the only ones capable of understanding. "You
are the chosen of Time," he murmurs, "and their
pathetic jealousy would keep you in chains!"

Korase:

life of hatred has begun to wear on even
his strong body and obsessed mind. For years he has
experimented with drugs to push his body and mind to
new heights, but such abuse takes its toll. Therefore,
Korascahas turned in the last year to drinking the blood
of the vampires he kills. He justifies this tactic to
himself by claiming that his Rom Blood is stronger than
any parasite's, and that he must be alive for the Conver-
gence so that he might take his rightful place of honor
in the Romani world to come.

Despite these feelings, Korasca has not told anyone
of hisnew addiction, since he has condemned members

of his own family to death for less. Butsooner or later his
newfound strength and vitality will begin to look
strange, even to his fanatic followers.

Pashira

Pashira is the Queen of the Banjara, the Romani
family centered in the undercities and ruins of India.
Pashira is a shrewd, proud and ruthless woman in her
late 50s. She controls many of the beggars in India,
and she is the head of a solid information network
consisting of her beggars, other Gypsy operatives
who serve as cleaning crews and repairmen to gain
access to government buildings, a few Ravnos and
Nosferatu shilmulo, a mage and numerous spirits.

She also gathers information from a select number
of hand-picked ghouls whose vampiric masters were
destroyed, leaving them bereft of their needed supply of
vitae. Pashira keeps a certain amount of such blood on
hand, the better to bribe her pet gaje ghouls.

Due to her powerful information network, Pashira
knows much of the behind-the-scenes dealings oc-
curring between all parties with active interests in
India. She has certain access to information regard-
ing other countries, but that is limited. Pashira
herself has not traveled outside of India for the past
20 years or more, and she cares little about the
politics of other countries.

Pashira's main concern is finding one or more of
the Seeds of Knowledge. She is particularly inter-
ested in locating the whereabouts of Bonnerin: the
Seed of the Balanced Scale. It is only in the past few
decades that the Banjara have lost their status as a
family of power. Until then, the family had been
considered one of the hereditary Guardians of the
5 for the past six centuries or more.

Pashira is very bitter about this supposed loss in
status and insists thata member of the Banjara family
actually still guards one of the Seeds, but she has no
proof of this whatsoever. Pashira spends much of her
time and considerable energy on her search for the
sending various kumpaniyi on missions all
over the globe and making certain that the young
Banjara on tour know to gather any and all informa-
tion on the possible whereabouts of the Seeds.

Pashira's secondary fear is of a group of vampires
called the Black Hand. She knows this ancient sect
has some special interest in India, and has lost
operatives to these Kindred. She believes they may
be interested in the Seeds of Knowledge.

ent

Chapter Six: Gypsy Chronicles m7


Pashira hates all Tsurara and is actively feuding
with Korasca. The two loathe each other, but Pashira's
hate is perhaps the more active, as Korasca's upstart
family currently has the upper hand. Pashira allows
no known members of the Knife Tribe to pass through
her cities or rest at any of the numerous Gypsy safe
houses in India. No Banjara kumpania in India will
shelter a known Slayer. In fact, Pashira brands the
left hand of any Slayers who are found in India, so
that they can be more easily spotted and driven out.

Pashira allows members of other families free
movement in her lands, encouraging young Banjara
to tour with members of other families, and aiding
other Rom against the gaje. Only the Tsurara bear
the brunt of her rage.

Peddlequick

Peddlequick is a powerful Urme Gypsy who wan-
ders throughout Europe and the Americas. Peddlequick
is infinitely fond of riddles and puzzles, challenging all
Rom he meets toa contest of wits. He appears asa rather
bandy-legged, red-headed man in his early 30s. Surpris-
ingly, Peddlequick is always dressed in the trendiest
youth fashions and often appears in clubs, bai
other such establishments.

and

No one knows which branch of the Urmen
Peddlequick descends from, but many believe he
belongs to one of the families that have disappeared
into the Arcadian realm. This might explain both
Peddlequick's lone travels and his fits of distraction,
during which he stares catatonically off into space
for minutes or even hours at a time. Some Romani
suggest that while Peddlequick is zoning out, he is
actually off to faerie land, but he may just have a
problem.

Peddlequick has been known to offer very pow-
erful draba to various kumpaniyi in exchange for "a
little favor." Unfortunately, such favors tend to be
vastly more complicated than they at first seem.
Receiving a package ends up involving the couriers
in a dispute with the vampires of the Camarilla;
delivering a present to a particular gaje brings the
Rom into a full-scale drug war.

As long as the kumpania successfully handles
whatever situation Peddlequick's "favor" results in,
he always finds the group and gives them the prom-
ised reward. No one is sure what Peddlequick's plans
are actually about, and so far he has declined to
explain them.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies

Balika Loupyn

Balika is the leader of a large kumpania of
Lupine Gypsies. The kumpania travels much of the
American South, performing as the Cirque de
Loupyn. It is a small circus with a number of aerial-
ists, contortionists and a unique wolf-taming act.
The wolves are, of course, also members of the
Loupyn family. Although a few werewolves do travel
with the circus, the majority of its members are
merely kinfolk of the Garou.

Balika's branch of the Lupine family is a power-
ful one, and she has proclaimed herself Queen of the
American Children of Sarrath. However, Rune
Batresmith, another Lupine Romani, has proclaimed
himself King. The two are in the midst of an intense
rivalry, with each trying to prove to the rest of the
family that he/she deserves to be the family's undis-
puted leader.

This cold war has been going on for over five
years and Balika has recently begun to actively
recruit not only Silent Striders, but other members
of the Garou. She hopes that their support, if gained,
will prove her power to her family and thus encour-
age the American Children of Sarrath to crown
Balika their undisputed Queen. Balika has had some
success so far with a few tribes of Uktena and Bone
Gnawers, but has otherwise met with indifference or
Balika's latest tactic has been to step up her
family's search for any lost children of the Garou.
Many gaje come to the Cirque de Loupyn to watch
the acts, but they almost never realize that they, too,
are being watched.

wors

Balika is a striking woman with classic Romani
features, dark hair and large, black eyes. She is in her
mid-30s but still able to perform as a contortionist in
her circus. Balika is furious with Rune for defying her
authority, viewing him as a ridiculous, overblown
pretender to her rightful throne. Whenever the two
families pass through the same city, Balika does
everything in her power to get the gaje police to pick
up, question, or otherwise harass Rune and his fam-
ily.

Several cities have had their emergency lines
flooded with calls claiming that Rune has stolen
cars, deals drugs, ison the FBI's most-wanted list, etc.
Balika and her family never show up for more than
preliminary procedures, but being searched or ar-
rested certainly makes Rune uncomfortable.


Rune Batresmith

Rune Batresmith is a member of the Lupine
family and the other contender for their American
throne. The self-proclaimed American King of the
Rom (Rune often overstates his case) and his family
travel a long circuit stretching from Los Angeles to
Miami. Rune enjoys being treated like a king, and he
rules his immediate family, including all eighteen of
his children, with an iron fist.

Rune is particularly skilled at gambling, and his
family gambles (legally and illegally) its way across
the country. Meanwhile, the younger members of
the family gather additional income by picking the
pockets of gaje. Rune also serves asa liaison between
certain vampires (including Gangrels and anarchs)
who reside in many of the cities and some of the
countryside his family moves through and the Garou
who roam that countryside. Rune has set up a nice
business for himself, escorting shilmulo through
Garou territory. Although this strains his relation-
ship with the Garou, who know of his activities, they
have, so far, left him alone.

Rune claims that he should be the uncontested
American King of the Rom because of his audacity
and cleverness at dealing with gaje, vampires and
werewolves. He also alleges to be following in the
footsteps of Daenna by dealing with both Garou and
shilmulo. Many Romani are impressed with Rune's
brazenness, but they are waiting to see if he can
solidify his position with the disparate forces he
manipulates before committing themselves to Rune's
cause.

Rune is in his early 40s. He is a powerfully built
man who is handsome, although his features are
somewhat blurred from a variety of overindulgences,
including wine, food and sex. Rune thinks his rival,
Balika, is not daring enough to win their contest,
although he has been growing more and more an-
noyed with her use of the gaje police. More than
once, they have come close to actually finding in-
criminating evidence against Rune, and he has no
intent to spend more than a few days or weeks in a
gaje prison.

Seth Browne

Seth is an American Gypsy adopted and raised
by an American middle-class family. Completely
oblivious to his heritage and Blood, Seth's gaje
parents managed not to neglect or abuse him too

Chapter Six: Gypsy Chronicles

much, and he had a pretty happy childhood. How-
ever, from the time he was small, Seth was obsessed

with fantasy and science fiction, reading and watch-

ing everything he could get his hands on. Hisadopted

parents thought his hobby odd, but not particularly

dangerous, especially compared toa lot of the things
they read about.

By the time he was 15, he was hanging out with
a bunch of sci-fi and fantasy fans. He attended
conventions and meetings of all types, but particu-
larly those that emphasized the supernatural.
Werewolves were Seth's particular favorites, and he
would spend hours reading books and watching
movies on the creatures. When he found out about
the games people played, where you could actually
pretend you were such a creature, Seth was in sev-
enth heaven. He began playing such games any time
he could, and he also began writing scripts and
screenplays for dramas of his own.

One day he shyly showed his work to the people
who put on some of his favorite games. To his
delighted surprise, they seemed very impressed, even
calling over an older woman whom he had never
seen before. The woman, Star, looked startled when
she shook his hand, but then she handed him a
brand-new, unpublished game and asked for his
opinion. Seth practically flew up to his hotel room to
read the material, which told of vampires and
werewolves and all sorts of other beasties that every-
one thought were fiction, but only because they
wanted it that way.

That night Star and the others had a long talk
with Seth, and his world suddenly made a whole lot
more sense.

Seth is now a 20-year old author who just pub-
lished his first book, Scent of the Blood, about a young
man who finds he is kin to werewolf warriors. Seth
now knows many of the secrets of his people, the
Lupine Gypsies, and he learns more from his mentor,
Star, every day.

Although he is of the Phuri Dae family, Seth is
eager to search out others like himself, Rom or gaje,
who might be willing to accept the world behind the
scientific facade. Seth is not nearly as prejudiced
against the gaje as most of his people, having grown
up among them. He firmly believes that a conspiracy
of growing truth among the Rom and any gaje who
show an inclination toward belief will only aid in the
time of the Convergence.


YA World of g Darkness:

WY psies'

Name: Nature: Element:
Player: Demeanor: Sex:

Chronicle: Family: Concept:
(nes A gil pae dens seme
Strength. @0000 Charisma @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina. @0000_ Appearance. @0000_ Wits @0000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Acting 00000. Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness. 00000 | Drive. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 = Etiquette. 00000 | Finance. 00000
Brawl. oCo0000 | Firearms. 00000 __ Investigation. 00000
Dodge________00000 Melee. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000. Music 00000 _ Linguistics 00000
Intimidation oo0000 — Repair. 00000 Medicine______— 77000
Leadership. 00000 | Security. 00000 Occult 00000
Streetwise 00000 | Stealth 00000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge 00000 | Survival. 00000 Science. 00000
Blood Affinities Backgrounds Virtues
00000 00000. Conscience @0000
OOOO OO000
00000 00000 Self-Control____ e0000
00000 00000
00000 00000 Courage__ 0000
5 mm PE EEE TE SESS SE SEES SEES +
+— Other Traits —- +— Humanity Health
00009 GCOO0O0000000 _ Bruised a
00000 Hurt -l QO
00000 will Injured -l Qa
0000 is Wounded -2 UO
99°9 GOOO0O000000~ Mauled 2
ee 0000000000) Crippled 5 QO
Weapon Difficulty | Damage Incapacitated Q

Blood Purity —
OOo. 0

+— Experience ——-

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Affinities: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Virtues: 9 Freebie Points: 21

From Lands Unknown

The supernatural creatures of the World of Darkness tend to
think of humans as little more than animals, ignorant of what
really goes on in the shadows around them. The Gypsies think
this of the supernaturals. The Gypsies have seen things which
would turn a werewolf's fur white and make a vampire's fangs

fall out.
To Times Undreamed of

They've had dealings with all the supernatural creatures, from
the vampires in their fortress cities to the wraiths in the shadows
and from the werewolves of the wild to the mages in their

libraries. They know the time of reckoning is coming —
and they're ready.

A World of Darkness: Gypsies includes:

© Details on the Romani families of power
who have traveled the Earth for millennia;

¢ Information on the role these nomads have
played and continue to play in the World of
Darkness; and

Rules to create Gypsy characters, the

special powers they have used throughout
history and ways to use them in chronicles.

4598:B STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
STONE MIA, GA 30083
USA

Gant Stee
