# File: Half-Damned Dhampyr.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


2 ® Hair-Dasmen: Duanern
Crepjts Sprcjar THanks

Author: Hal Mangold The developer wishes to thank Ellen P. Kiley, Derek
Developer: Philippe R. Boulle Gruder (and his friend "eirias"), Chris Nasipak and Malcus
Additional Development: Richard E. Dansky Dorroga for last-minute translation help. Any mistakes are
Editor: James Stewart mine, not theirs.

Art Director: Richard Thomas Bae

Lasguialls neteainea a dineaBenrcs To Tim "Tales of Comics Girl" Avers for being a natural

Interior Arts Michael Goydos, Vince Locke, Melle rant, Sie Sune Sidemmummas,timt: moming atio;can: be the
Front Cover Art: John Van Fleet CS ag oe

3 . ToRob "Off to Alpharetta" Hatch for taking Deep Throat's
Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney advice and following the money (and for giving me one of my
first breaks, way back when).

© 2000 White Wolf Puen, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction

735 PARK NORTH BLYD. without the wri forbidden, except

for the purposes of reviews, hdl EERE characoce dices, which may be

Sure 128 reproduced for peigGinal tae oaly. White Wolf Vampice the Masquerade,

Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and

CLARKSTON, GA 30021. Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the

USA Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the

GAME STUDIO Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Half-Damned Dhampyr,

Dharma Book Devil-Tigers, Freak Legion A Players Guide to Fomori,

Kindred of the East, Kindred of the East Companion, Shadow War, The Thousand Hells, Vampire Storytellers Handbook,

World of Darkness Blood & Silk and World of Darkness Demon Hunter X are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
Fights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, In.

hall eee 1

Th reference apan copyrigh
This book uses the pacman for anes characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


®

Tasie of ConrTENTS

PRELUDE: THe Girt oF SELF-KNOWLEDGE:
JNTRODUCTION: Bases AND Upstarts

CuapTer One: CHjtpren OF Light anp Darkness
Craprer Two: Deap Aijve

CrapTer THREE: CHjLDREN OF THE TEN THousaND DEMons

Appennjx: TWiLiGHT Warriors

12
38
66
76


Prewupe: The Girt oF Seir-KnowLence

PRECUDE:
FNE CITT OF
SECF -KNOWLEDLE

Jing sat quietly in front of the TV as the video tape
rewound. The static hiss of the snow-filled picture tube
mixed with the whirring of the tape, forming a sort of
white noise that drowned out everything else.

He could have faked it —all of it. It would be just like
Lang to do that, too. But as Jing looked around the hotel
room, the physical evidence was too overwhelming. The
pictures that lay spread out on the table in front of her.
The large bloodstain by the bed. The blood-encrusted
knife that she had found in the garbas
tushed into the bathroom to vomit.

can when she

When she had first gotten the letter, she thought it was
ahoax. Lang was dead. He had tobe. It had been over seven
years since he disappeared. If he was still alive, she had
thought to herself, he would have contacted me. But there was
always that little voice whispering in the back of her head,
telling her Lang didn't give a shit about her. She'd long
since learned to ignore it — but it was always there.

But then the letter had arrived. It was Lang's hand-
writing, Lang's signature, and more than anything else, it
just sounded like him. It hadn't said much, just some
veiled references to "something incredible" that he had to
tell her. That, and a room key to the hotel.

The packet accompanying the letter had been no
great help either. She had dutifully read it as Lang re
quested, but hadn't been sure what to make of it. It was a
bizarre piece of writing, not really a story but obviously
fictional. Bodies rising from their graves and walking
around? Entire courts of dead creatures secretly ruling the

night? Demons, devils and vengeful gods from the Thou-
sand Hells? It read like the script to one of those ridiculous

wuxia films that Hong Kong turned out every year.
And her brother expected her to believe it was all
true. It was pretty clear from the video that he believed it,
at least. The tape was so strange — impossible, even —
but why would he lie now? Everything he said fit so well
She had always felt that there was something strange
going on, buthad never been able to put her finger on it...
Jing still faced the static-filled TV screen when the
police ram drove the hotel room door out of its frame,
slamming it open with a crash. The room was almost
instantly filled with the hulking forms of police in full riot
gear, armed with small but lethal automatic weapons.

‘Get your hands up!" one screamed at her through his
helmet's face mask. She complied meekly, rising to her
feet, her hands on her head like she had always seen
people do in movies. The cop moved in close and swept
her feet out from under her, dropping Jing to the floor.

"What's going on?" she asked as the officer's knee
pinned her down. No answer was forthcoming, but her
hands were roughly pulled behind her back and secured
with handcuffs. "You can't do this! I haven't done
anymmmphhh!" Her last words were cut off as a piece of
duct tape was slapped over her mouth.

The pressure on her back relaxed as the police officers
swept the room, communicating only with hand signals.
Jing watched helplessly from her position on the floor as

all signs of her presence in the room were removed. The


6

video tape, the bloody knife, her purse
it all in a duffel bag. One of the cops
bottle of some sort of solvent and scrubbed the b
from the carpet by the bed

That completed, they hauled her to her feet and
manhandled her out into the hallway. From there it
was a rough trip down the back staircase, which ended
in an alleyway behind the Kowloon Hilton. The sun
was overhead, shining directly into the alley; Jing
winced involuntarily as the light fell across her face
The open doors of a police paddy wage
She was hustled inside, accompanied

awaited her

six of the

officers. The doors slammed shut, closing out the

afternoon sky, and the other two officers climbed in
front. With the screeching of tire rubber, the paddy
payontulled our of the alleyway and onto the streets
of Kowloon.

Jing sat sullenly on the hard bench in the back of
the paddy wagon, sandwiched between two of the
police officers. The vehicle was moving as fast as
Kowloon's midday traffic allowed, siren howling. The
passengers jerked back and forth as the driver swerved
around other cars

\

"Why did Zhuo have to drive?" one of the cops said
bout five minutes of herky-jerky travel. "I'm
going to lose my lunch back here."

wearily afte

That seemed to break the ice among the officers, who

1 to relax. "I hate operations like this," one of them

, pulling his helmet and gas mask off. "They never

1s a damn thing about what's going on."

The other officers similarly doffed their riot gear,
wiping sweat from their faces

‘Liao Xi, the orders came straight from Beijing. You're
better offnotasking questions," repliedarangycopashe pulled
1 bottle of water out of a cooler in the back of the wagon.

"I know," Liao X:

glancing over at Ji

rumbled. "But look at her," he said,

ne shot him an a

ry stare. "Does

"And just what does a heroin smuggler look like, Liao

Liao Xi didn't look convinced. "I justhate it when we
have to be so secretive is all. I don't like secrets. I mean,
taking her out to a safe-house instead of down to the
station is pretty damn irregular."

"You think too much. We're just here to doa job, right?"


Prewupe: THe Girt or Seir-KNOwLEDGE

The cops lapsed into idle chitchat, and Jing tuned them
out. What was she going to do? The police were taking her
someplace — who knew where, or for what — and there
didn't seem to be a damn thing she could do about it!

The driver slammed on the brakes, and the paddy
wagon lurched first one way then the other. The whole
world turned upside down as the van went into a violent
roll. The sound of tearing metal and the screams of the cops
filled herears. Then it was over. The police officers groaned,
all of them bruised and battered nearly to unconsciousne

Jing landed hard on top of a burly officer, his body
cushioning most of the blow. Sunlight streamed into the
back of the van as the doors fell open, the force of the
impact disabling the latch.

Jing crawled as best she could with her bound hands.
She expected the pain of broken bones or strained muscles
to stop her, but she'd come through the crash with barely a
scratch. Too busy to count her blessings, she crawled out
the back doors of the paddy wagon over the groaning cops.
Asshe tumbled out into the light, she saw a familiar pair of
feet. She looked up to the smiling face of her brother, gazing
down at her with that incredibly smug look on his f

Ice.

"It's good to see you, Jing," he said, helping her to

her feet. He seemed oblivious to the traffic surrounding
them, the people scattering from their cars as the front
end of the paddy wagon burst into flames. The vehicle
had come to a crashing halt next to a filling station —
from which the patrons were exiting quickly at the
sight of the lanky man toting the automatic. Black
smoke was billowing up from the paddy wagon and from
the cars it had used as brake pads.

Langreached intothe ope nwagon and quickly stripped
the handcuff keys off the officer near the door. Her hands
free, Jing ripped the duct tape from her mouth as her
brother led her toward the gas station, presumably to the
alleyway beyond it. People screamed and scattered as he
dragged her, and Lang fired a few shots into the air to keep
them moving.

"What did you do to the van?" Jing managed to
wheeze out as they crossed the parking lot.

"T didn't do anything," he said. "I just followed you
and trusted that something would happen."

"What are you talking ab—"
question was cut short by a shout and a burst of
automatic fire. Lang jerked as the bullets bit into his back.
Even as he fell, Lang reached around and fired blindly.
The police officer who had extricated himself from the
back of the van and brought his SMG to bear spun around;

7

Jing's gorge rose as a red mist sprayed out the back of the
cop's head to decorate the windshield of a nearby car.
Lang collapsed.

"Lang!"

Jing dropped to her knees next to her brother. The
smoke from the burning vehicles stung her eyes. She
couldn't tell if she was actually crying or if it was just the
smoke. Lang's breathing was ragged and wet. She hefted
his shoulder, helping him sit up. She counted ten bullet
exit wounds in his chest. He shouldn't even be breathing!
ing... you've gotta go. My luck':
He coughed and spat blood on the pavement. He reached
into a pocket of his bullet-riddled jacket and pulled outa
white business card. "Gai Sen will have... will have all the
answers you need," he wheezed, pressing the card into her
hand. He smiled at her, his lips red with his own blood. "I
hope you believe me now."

He cast a quick look over his shoulder at the smolder-
ing wreck of the paddy wagon. His smile faded when the
flashing lights of other police cars announced the arrival
of reinforcements. He whipped his head around to stare at
Jing. "Now go! Go, Jing! Run! You can't let father's
people ¢;

running low...."

ch you!"

"But what about you? I can't just leave you!"

An unnatural glow came to her brother's eyes. "Go,
Jing! I'll stall them! Don't make this all for nothing!" He
shoved her away, and witha t her dying brother,
Jing turned and headed tow lleyway.

Kao Lang leaned up on one arm, gasping with pain as
the cops moved through the black s . He laboriously
brought his good arm up, holding the pistol steady. "All
tight, you dark fucker, | need you now. I'm yours. Just
guide my hand," he whispered to himself. Something hot
squirmed in his brain, and he felt unnatural vitality and
strength filling him. The wounds on his chest closed with
hellish speed. He struggled to his feet, his face a twisted
sneer. As the first police officers came through the smoke,
Lang casually raised his pistol and took aim at an undam-
aged car sitting right next to a fuel pump. He grinned and
squeezed the trigger.

Jing didn't see the cloud of orange flame that blos-
somed behind her, but she heard the sound. She felt the
h instinct, she twisted herself
into a ball as the shock wave picked her up and threw her
down the alleyway, slamming her against a pile of crates.
[fintoa little ball, the heat of the fire
"Lang.

ard the ¢

mok:

Running on some er:

She curled hers
intense even this far aw:

Then everything went black.



fencvocrion: Bases ano Unsrants

o—

INFRODULTION:
BARES AND
UPSATFARTS

Being the child of one of the Hungry Dead is not an
easy experience. One (or even both) of your parents is
quite literally an inhuman monster, returned from Hell,
no less. Although you are blessed with some astonishing
abilities, you are also cursed with a whispering Demon in
your subconscious. You Canyexpectito live for centuties,
but that also means watching your friends die. You can
accomplish great things, but you will always be compared
to the deyils who birthed you.

Some whisper that you have a greater destiny. Can
you live.up.to it?

Tue Nature oF THe Beast

Dhampyrs are the offsprinigiofKuei-jin who have be-
come infused with excessive amounts of Yang Chi: Bursting
with the energy of life, these vampires can mate with mortals
or eveniother Yang-addled Cathayans. Their unliving es
sence mixes with their mate's life-force to create a child with
very special characteristics. These are the dhampyrs.

Their basic abilities are as follows:

¢ Longevity: Not immofrtal like their unliving par-
ents, dhampyrs nevertheless can expect to live for several
centuries.

¢ The P'o:Like their parents, dhampyrs have a
writhing Demon soul within them. It is not as powerful as
that of a Cathayan and cannot quite usurp control of the
Shade Walker's body and mind, but it is always there,
whispering and taunting.

© Chi: Dhampyrs may tap into the Yin and Yang Chi
in their bodies. Like a Kuei-jin, they can use it for healing
andtopower certain Disciplines. They regain Chi through
rest and meditation — or through.cannibalism.

* Disciplines: Dhampyrs have access to,some of the
Disciplines used'by'their parents" Mostly they may use the
initial leyelsofany shintai orDemon Art. Anelderlydhampyr,
or one with a truly raging'P'o, can access highét levelsy

© Joss: Dhampyrs haye tremendous joss. The very
fact that they were born atallissounlikely that they walk
through their long lives with incredible luck. This allows
themetotake frightening risks and survive "certain" death,


but it also ensures that their lives are never quite stable —
anything can happen. Some dhampyrs learn to tap into
their joss to accomplish superhuman feats.

QUESTJONS OF STYLE

Half-Damned: Dhampyris a bit of a departure from
previous Kindred of the East material, Despite their
parentage, Shade Walkers have not risen from Hell and
donot have crimes to atone for. They have a dark side, but
theyre less ‘horrific than the Hungry Dead themselves.
Becauseof this, theelements of personal horror inherent
in Kindred of thé East.are muted in this book (although
not'wholly absent).

THEME

Freedom isthe threadthat runs through Half-Damned.
It is the call that resonates in most dhampyrs' hearts.
Traditionally, Shade Walkers are servants — laboriously
bred by their parénts as agents and assistants, underesti-
mated and overlooked by the Kuei-jin. Shackles of tradi-
tion and prejudice/keep.them down.

And yet, the times are changing. In Hong Kong and
Singapore, more and more Shade Walkers are gathering.
They operate largely free of the courtsand haye plans of
their own. Some work with (or for) the Kuei-jin, ofthe
Bamboo Princes, tryinig to bringdown the archaic manda-
rins ofthe Hungry Dead. Others operate strictly.on their
own, trying to find their place in the night or just enjoy
their longevity.

In the twilight of the Fifth Age, the dhampyrs' free-
dom is meeting new and greater challenges. The Yama
Kings, feeding off the discontent of the half-damned,
promise them power in exchange for service. Not a few
akuma are dhampyrs. Destiny also rears its head to shackle
the Twilight Children: They have a role to play in the
coming storm; whether they canembraéé their fate re-
mains to be seen.

Moop

Dhampyrs can appear in chronicles with almost any
mood, but they are most suited for stories with a cinematic,
frenetic feel. They live in a swirl of wild coincidences and
monsters from beyond thelgrave. They diye from buildings
while firing twin handguns at Yakuza thugs; they bluff their
way through encounters with demons from Yomi.

Maintaining a cinematic mood doesn't mean going
completely over the top, however. Character interaction,
intrigue and other "quiet moments" areiall necessary and
appropriate — things don't have to be exploding all the
time. The key is to keep the stakes — and'hence the
tension — high. Start sessions with a'burst of action and
keep the prospect of more dangling in the background.
The characters may be manipulating a politician to fur
ther the power of a Scarlet Screen, but if they know an
akuma is out there gunning for them, their hands will
never be far from their Sig Sauers.


femovocrion: Bats ano Ursrarts

Tue Power oF joss

The greatest blessing and curse of the Shade Walk-
ers is their phenomenal joss. More than simply lucky,
dhampyrs are nexuses of coincidences and,outrageous
probabilities. They win in casinos and always seem to
get away from pursuers. Those who study theirown
half-dead nature can even learn to focus this luck to
accomplish amazing feats. Dhampyrs lead high-speed
lives of dazzlé and excitement.

But ivall has a price. Joss brings lucky breaks, but it
also brings instability and danger! The half-damnéd are
drawn into plots both human and Cathayan; they don't
need to look fortrouble because it finds them. Most Shade
Walkers accept this "interesting life" and tryto squeeze all
the good out of it theyican» They embrace instability and
jump into the fray, determined to getassmany thrills as

yican.

Ofcourse, deep inside them, their Demon. sal pushes
and prods. It's so easy for a thrill to become a sin, for luck
to become abuse! That doleful whisperisalways there, and
all. too many dhampyrs eventually give in.

How to Use Tijs Boor

Half-Damned: Dhampyr is.a complete sourcebook
on the:half-dead childrenof the Kuei-jin. Iris intended
both for players and Storytellers, "although some of the
material might best be withheld from players so as not to
ruin any surprises. See "Chapter by Chapter," below, for
indications as to whichysections you might want to avoid
or withhold.

The main function of Half-Damned is to sell
dhampyrs as characters»for players. Hopefully the
cinematic possibilitiessand théit unique role in the
Middle Kingdomwill make you want tojplayithem on
a regular basis — or run a chronicle of dhampyr
characters. But this sourcebook also gives you eyery-
thing you need to use Shade Walkers as Storyteller
characters. Certainly they ¢an be servants and agents
of the Kuei-jin, but they-can also play all kinds of
unique roles.

Use the half-damned asyousee fit, but ignore them at
your peril.

© CHAPTER BY CHAPTER

Chapter One: Children of Light and Darkness is the
heart of Half-Damned. It consists of a series of documents
written by and about the Shade Walkers that uncovers their
nature, their role in the Middle Kingdom and some far deeper
secrets. Each document is more revelatory than the last, so
Storytellers may wish to dole them out to their players one at
a time as the chronicle dictates. The main documents are:

Kao Lang Addressing His Sister,(transcript of video
tape): In atie-in with "The Gift of Self-Knowledge"
(Half-Damned's fiction prelude) Kao Lang lets his twin
sister in on the truth of their parentage. Her life isineyer
the same again. This document is ideal for a handout toa
player starting a dhampyr character.

© RE? The Half-Damned (email): A member of the
Bamboo Princes, an antiestablishment underground
among the Kuei-jin, reports on the status of dhampyrs
actoss the MiddleKingdom and their potential asi recruits.
Thi loutonce dh
get to know. the courts or become Greate with the
Bamboo Princes. In a Kuei-jin chronicle, it can serve to
introduce the half-damned. (For more on the Bamboo
Princes, see Shadow War.)

© The Final Testament of Jin Kai Wai (letter): This
letter from an elderly, dhampyr to his fellow Shade Walk-
ers reveals much about the secret history of his kind. The
courtsjof!the Kuei-jin actively suppress it. The letter
serves best as a handout midway through a chronicle,
raising the stakes considerably.

Chapter Two: Dead Allive is the "game speak" counter-
part to Chapter One. It provides you with all the rules and
advice you need to use dhampyrs in your chronicle. Expanded
and revised»nules. for character creationand many other
systems appear in this sectiony/as do details about several

iq ic offshoots introduced in Chapter Ones
Chapter! ‘Three: Children of the Ten Thousand
jes ofread

Lg
templates. These fan an also sO Alle c eharacters' or
Simple inspiration for your own Shade Walkers.
Appendix: Twilight Warriors details some of the
most prominentdhampyrs in the Middle Kingdom —for
Storytellers only.

"<9 ( ‘

eek Ww C/
= > ee

AND hte tM ADA DARA ADD AOD BEET OE

Cnapter One: Cxjoren oF Light ano Darcness = 13

CHAPTER ONE:
CNICDKEN OF
CIOGNT AND
DARKMESS

err
eee Ne

a POP gp.

at Oe aati —o

Mao Li Wen,

Here are the documents we discussed during your visit to my
humble home. They should anstver many of the questions you have
had about yourself and your rote in the world. There are matters
herein that J regret, but J hope you can help me make amends.

J took forward to your next visit.

— Ti Feng


CuapTen One: Cryuoren oF Ligur ap Darkness o 15

Transcrer oF Vineo Tape Recoverep rrow Hong Konc Poijce

BEGIN TRANSCRIPT

Subject Kao Lang is sitting in the same hotel room from which the tape was retrieved,
Room 408, Kowloon Hilton. He switches the camera on, then settles into a chair set directly
in front of it.

Abh, good, it's you. Long time no see, huh?

Hey, don't look so spooked. It's really me, okay? You look kind of pale — sit down. Have
a drink. There's a bottle of your favorite Chardonnay in the little refrigerator. Don't
worry. It's paid for.

"How does he know my favorite wine?" you're asking yourself. Well, because I've been
watching you, sis. I look out for you.

I know what you're thinking: "This is impossible! He's dead! No one could've survived
that fall."

No one normal could have, you're right about that. But I'm not a normal person, and
neither are you. Have a cigarette if you like, by the way. There's a pack of Gitanes Blondes
in the drawer of the bedside table along with a lighter. You sure like French shit, sis.

T'll wait.

Subject pauses, lighting a cigarette himself.

Back? Good. Look, Jing, it's me. I survived, okay? The phone call must have convinced
you, or you wouldn't have come all the way down to this part of town. I disappeared seven
years ago. So there were about 50 witnesses willing to attest that they saw "Lucky" Bao's
men drag me out of a Hong Kong nightclub and stuff me into the trunk of a car. The police
never found a body, did they? Please, just get it into your head that yes your brother the
"master criminal" somehow managed to cheat death. If you listen to me long enough, I'll
tell you how. Okay?

Good. Let's get down to business.

Now, you should have read the packet I sent you before you came. I hope you did,
because I'm not going to repeat much of it here, and some of this stuff won't make a lot
of sense unless you already know the basics. Well, to be honest a lot of it may not make
sense in any case. But it's the best I can do given the circumstances. And while you may
have thought that it made for a pretty entertaining read, you'd better take it seriously
if you want to stay alive. It's no story. It's real.

You're probably yelling at the TV right now. Not a very productive thing to do, Jing.
Just sit down, shut up and let me talk, okay? There's a lot to cover, and Mother would
never forgive me if I didn't prepare you.

Lets start with the basics, shall we? You and I aren't like everyone else, Jing, and I
think you know that. I think you can feel it. You know what I'm talking about. You used
to tell me about it back when we were in school. How you had trouble talking to the other
kids, felt like they were always watching you, making fun of you behind your back. I
remember once you said you felt like you were some sort of alien, trapped in a human
body. To a certain extent that's exactly right.

You see, you and I aren't completely human.

You read about the Hungry Dead already, I hope. Well, guess what? Way back in 1968,
one of those walking corpses got a little too high on life, so to speak, and got our mother
pregnant. After a few months — before we were born — he went on his merry way.

I can hear you laughing, you know.

This should shut you up. Look in the top drawer of the bureau. Careful, there will
probably be a nice bloodstain on the carpet right there by the bed. We'll get to that in a few
minutes. You see the envelope? Ignore the gun for now — we'll get to that later, too. The
envelope is marked "photos," like this one.

Subject produces a manila envelope from beneath his chair.

Open it. That first picture there is that one Mother showed us of Father all the time.
Hong Kong, 1968. Mother looks so happy...

Now look at the next picture. That one's taken in Beijing, 1952. And the next one,
Shanghai, 1927. Beijing again, 1904. And that next to last one — that's not even a
photograph, technically. It's called a daguerreotype. Kowloon, 1872. You see the man in
each of the pictures? See how he looks?


16 Hair-Dasou: Duawern (

Our father's name is Li Shang Lu. He
was a dishonest merchant and con man,
killed outside Beijing in 1335 by bandits.
He came back and has been moving
around Asia ever since. Want more
proof? Look at that last picture. You
recognize me, right? The other man is

3 our father. That was taken in Taiwan,
1998. Doesn't that suit look great on
me?

Subject pauses again, grinding out
his cigarette. He lights another before
he continues.

Here's the bottom line, Jing: Our
father is what Westerners would call a
vampire — but that's a clumsy and
inaccurate term. A better term for him
would be one of the Hungry Dead. He
was killed over 600 years ago, but he
couldn't leave well enough alone and

|
|

\ \\\

Z

debt to fulfil; I say he was just a bad
enough mother fucker that even Hell
couldn't hold him.

He's one of the Ten Thousand De-
mons, magnificent monsters stalking
the night and feeding on the living. On
his positive side, he doesn't make apolo-
gies for what he is. He once said that his
whole existence was already an apology
for the misdeeds that brought him back
from Hell. That was before he wanted
me dead. But I'm getting ahead of my-
self.

As his children, you and I carry half
of his essence in us. Our father is damned.
You and I are half-damned. We're called
dhampyrs, Shade Walkers, Twilight Chil-
dren — and sometimes far less pleasant
appellations, like half-breed.

Subject pauses, rubbing his eyes and
( forehead with his hands.

4 Ready? This is pretty fucked up.

ql Things like Father are sort of one
step out the grave, stuck between life
and complete death. To keep going they
suck the life out of breathing folks,
through their blood, their breath, or even
by eating them outright. Yup, cannibal
time.

Anyway, Father and his buddies are
really into all that Taoist shit Mother used
to spout. Now, don't look at me like that!
You know I've never been religious. Any-
way, Father says they suck "Chi" out of
people and that it can be one of two flavors:
black or red. The black stuff is cold and
dark, all about decay and depression. When
they chow down on it, they get even deader


Cuapren Oust Cumuoren oF Licur ano Darcness ® 7

than they already are — they even look like corpses. Creepy.

The red stuff — what Father calls "Yang" — is hot and alive. It's all about urges and
action. When they drink that, they get sort of drunk and unpredictable. They also get almost
alive: warm skin, flush cheeks, a beating heart, and well, quite the hard-on apparently.

Yup. Drunk on Yang, they get just enough life to do the deed and plant the seed. Maybe.
If they're lucky — or unlucky. That's where the two of us come from: long odds anda horny
vampire.

Yeah, I know I'm a crude bastard, but so what?

We dhampyrs are rare creatures, as I have found out — there are probably less than
1,000 of us in the world all told. I've met about 25 or 30 of our kind myself, and I've been
running in circles in which they are considered relatively common. This is mostly due to
the unusual circumstances of our births. A Yang bender isn't something that most Kuei-
jin endure lightly. Obviously I've never experienced it myself, but Father told me that it
is a precarious state, physically and mentally. Killer hangover, I guess.

The Kuei-jin parent in such a union is usually male, impregnating a female mortal.
If you meet another dhampyr, it's probably safe to assume that their parentage is
the same. I've only met a couple of us whose mothers were Hungry Dead.

I guess the reasons for this are pretty simple. As you should have figured from the
notes I gave you, living in Kuei-jin society is sort of like being a shark: if you stop
swimming, you sink to the bottom and drown. For male Wan Kuei — that's another word
for the Hungry Dead — impregnating a mortal is no big deal. They can pretty much rut
away without having to worry about the consequences of their actions. Most of the time,
the pregnancy doesn't even take and the woman miscarries. No big deal to an immortal
demon, right?

As always, women have it tougher. Pregnant Kuei-jin have to keep themselves filled with
life-rich energy for the duration of the pregnancy or they miscarry. I mentioned how
uncomfortable that's supposed to be, right? Well, mix that in with morning sickness and
the like and you can believe that nine months of pregnancy lacks much appeal to the typical
Wan Kuei. Not only is the situation uncomfortable, it can damage a Kuei-jin's place in society
if she's laid up vomiting every evening instead of attending to the important maneuverings
and plots that characterize a court of the Hungry Dead.

So you see, it's a rare Kuei-jin woman who's willing to carry a child to term. Based on
those I've met, I'd guess no more about one in twenty of the total population of dhampyrs
has an unliving mother. Even those willing to go through with it and bear the child
sometimes get impatient. I met one dhampyr whose mother actually cut him out of her
belly at six months — and he survived! He showed me the birthmark he has on his back.
It seems his mother got a little careless and cut too deep.

Now, the Hungry Dead don't only dally with the living. I heard that sometimes two Kuei-
jin decide to indulge in a little mattress mambo and have a child. Apparently, this is
incredibly rare. I can't even truly confirm that it happens — I heard this secondhand.

ray, a child of two Kuei-jin would probably be significantly more in touch with his
"dead" side than the rest of us.

By the way, I hope you remember that you are included when I say "us." He's your
father, just like he's mine. Get used to it.

By now you're probably wondering how I learned all of this stuff. Why, from Father of
course. I told you I work — worked — for him. Let me tell you about our very first meeting.

You already know a little about what happened before I disappeared, right? Somehow
Lucky Bao had gotten the idea that I was working both sides of the fence, playing him and
that worm Su Shan against each other. That was all bullshit, of course. When I'm bought
I stay bought, and I thought Bao knew that. I thought he trusted me. Ah, but what they
say is true — no honor among thieves, especially not with degenerates like Bao.

Anyway, I figured I'd just get out of Hong Kong for a few months until Bao cooled off,
but I decided to have one last night on the town before I left. Stupid me. Before I knew
what was going on, ten of Bao's goons dragged me outside, shoved me in the trunk of a
car and drove out to the hills. Bao's men yanked me out of the trunk, made me stand on
the edge of the cliff, and shot me four times in the back.

When I went over the edge of that cliff, I thought I was dead for sure. I remember hitting
the water, feeling the life ebbing from my body, sinking down below....


18 Hair-Dannep: DuaMpyr

1,

Kao Lang gets a little pale, wincing a bit. He pauses to compose himself, taking a drag
on his cigarette.

You know, I still don't like swimming. In retrospect, it's fortunate for me that Lucky
Bao has — had — a flair for the overly dramatic. If he'd just had his goons put a couple
of bullets in my head, I might not be talking to you today. And Lucky might still be alive.

I blacked out after I hit the water, so I don't really remember what happened next. I
washed up on a rocky beach a few hours later — well, I guess it was a few hours. I could
have been in the water for a few years for all I knew. I dragged myself onto the beach,
amazed that I was still alive. Then I passed out again.

The scene that greeted my eyes when I awoke was a lot different. I was in a small
bedroom in a house — I had no idea where. I got to my feet pretty gingerly, expecting to
be in a world of hurt — a reasonable expectation for a fall like that, don't you think?

ding, there wasn't a mark on me. It was crazy. I thought I was dreaming.

The only window in the room was high up on the wall, too high for me to reach. I could
hear city sounds — traffic, the occasional plane flying overhead, but it was way off in the
distance. I was naked, but looking around, I found some clothes that fit me — they were
exactly my size, in fact — draped over a chair. They weren't my usual stylish attire. In
fact, the clothes looked like traditional Chinese court dress from several centuries ago.
You would have laughed to see me, Jing; I looked like something out of the history books!
It was either that or walk around naked, though. I may have had no idea where I was,
but let me tell you, I was determined to get the hell out of there as soon as possible and
go have a talk with old Lucky.

I didn't get too far. The only door out of my room led into a large chamber, lit by a small
oil lamp. A man sat in the center of the room with his back to me. It looked like he was
reading. Gauging how far it was to the nearest door, I figured I could make it past him
undetected —just like sneaking out of the house when we were kids. Anyway, I had barely
taken my first tentative step into the room when a voice stopped me in my tracks.

"Hello, Kao Lang," the guy said without looking up.

I think I jumped about three feet in the air. I was feeling pretty disturbed by that point
— probably kind of like you feel right now, actually.

"How do you know my name?" I hissed at him. Still trying to seem cool, y'know.

"Because I am your father," he replied.

Well, that shut me up. And you know how hard that is to do.

Then he goes into this recitation about me, in this creepy-assed monotone. Like a
teacher lecturing. "The other night on the cliffs above Hong Kong, you were shot four times
in the back, two of those bullets severing your spinal cord. You then toppled from that
cliff. It is now two days later, and you are walking around as if nothing had ever
happened." I remember that he paused for a moment then, for effect. "I can explain how
you survived and introduce you to a world beyond anything you have ever known."

He turned his head and fixed me with a stare I'll never forget. If ice burned, it would
have been his eyes, Jing. And sure enough, even in the dim light I could make out the face
from the old pictures — our father staring at me in the darkness.

I was seriously losing my cool, almost yelling. "What the hell are you talking about?"
I was looking around the room, placing the exits and getting ready to make a break for it.

"You know nothing of Hell, Kao Lang. I have been there and returned. Do not speak
lightly of things that you do not truly understand." We stared at each other for a long
minute, then he looked back down at whatever he was reading. "If you really wish to forget
everything that has happened, to go through the rest of your life walking among the
squalid, teeming masses, playing out your pathetic little dance with death, then you may
leave," he said to me, gesturing idly at the door. "If you wish to know who you really are,
stay. It is your choice."

I thought about it. I stood there in the dark for a good five minutes. I stayed.

We talked almost until sunrise. To make a long story short, it turned out that Father
had been keeping tabs on me — and you — for years, ever since he learned that we had
been born. It seems that his little fling with Mother came during a period when he was
"not quite himself," whatever that means. He never explained further. Lucky for me, his
agents had dragged me off that beach and contacted him. I guess he decided that since
everyone was bound to think me dead anyway, this was a good time to bring me into his


Cuapter One: Cajpren oF Licur ann Daacness ate 19

world. It turned out we were actually inside the Forbidden City in the heart of Beijing.
That's the seat of the Blood Court, if you did your studying.

There will be a test, Jing.

Six long years I gave that bastard, Jing. Six years. Actually, now that I know what I
know, it doesn't seem too bad — but I still tend to think in terms of having a normal life
span. Those six years were the strangest time of my entire life — so far, at least.

I spent the whole first year learning about Father's world, the one that lurks
behind what you and I grew up knowing. My education was like a college course in
high weirdness. I learned about who the Kuei-jin are, where they come from, about
Chi, the spirit worlds — yes, spirit worlds — and current events in Father's world
—all the stuff that was in that packet I sent you. He had me recite names, titles, who
ruled where , how long they had done so, on and on and on. And all of this before
I even met another member of Father's people. At the time I hated it, but I have to
say that almost everything I was taught came in handy. Whenever I complained about
the constant study and drilling he just smiled and told me that I was on an accelerated
program — the average time usually spent learning such things before entering Kuei-
jin society was over a decade. That shut me up pretty quick.

Father also taught me all about Chi. How to tap mine, use it to heal myself, go days
on end with sleep, food or drink. He taught me how to focus myself, to meditate to rebuild
the life-force within me faster. He even told me of a quick and dirty method to rebuild my
strength — but you don't want to hear about that. Not yet anyway.

You're laughing again, Jing. I can almost hear you as if you were here in front of me.
Look, just take my word for it for now, and I'll prove it to you in a few minutes, okay?

I also learned that there were other things out there, too. Father calls them shen and
they're a weird bunch. Goblin Spiders, ghosts, sorcerers and spirits. I had to memorize
a bunch of names and titles, but I won't bore you with those now. Just keep in mind that
there's a lot of whacked-out shit out there. Father paid a lot of attention to what he called
Kin-jin, who are twisted and degenerate Western counterparts of the Kuei-jin. You
remember those Dracula movies you and I used to love? That's them.

A year after my education began, I was finally formally introduced to Kuei-jin
society. I won't bore you with the details of my presentation to the Blood Court and
the Bestowed Ancestor of the Quincunx. You wouldn't believe me anyway. One day
you'll be impressed. Trust me.

Once I was in with the court, I actually played a role in its functioning. Father
familiarized me with the mortal resources that he controlled through various means —
Scarlet Screens, he called them. The next thing I knew, I was Father's right hand man,
at least as far as the mortal world went. I made sure that everything ran smoothly. As
the years passed, and I began to understand the Hungry Dead, I was given more complex
duties. I acted as a messenger and occasional spy between the courts, traveling to
Shanghai, Changan — sorry, I mean Xi'an; Father always used the old name so I picked
it up — and occasionally Japan or Korea and even once down to Laos in what's called the
Golden Courts. Now, that was strange, even for the life I've been leading.

Five years passed in what seemed like an instant. And you know what? In all that time,
I never really felt comfortable among the Kuei-jin. I was nominally part of their culture
and society, but only through my connection to Father. I was treated with a dismissive
air by the other Hungry Dead. I was beneath their notice. This was literally true more often
than you'd think — I overheard a whole lot of conversations I probably shouldn't have
just because none of the Kuei-jin noticed the "help." It was almost like being invisible.

At first I figured this was just because I was an outsider, not raised in the courts. But
as I got to know the few other dhampyrs of the Blood Court, I realized that this sort of
treatment was almost universal there. It was just the way things were. Normal folks were
basically ants to the Kuei-jin, and dhampyrs were pets.

One odd thing I noticed: While most court members simply treated us with careless
disregard at best, and contempt and scorn at worst, the few times I was with the real
bigwigs — the court's ancestors and other "spiritually advanced" Kuei-jin — it was
different. It's hard to put into words, and to the casual observer it probably seemed like
nothing. But when I was around some of these older Wan Kuei, they gave me this look.
It was more than just the casual contempt of the usual Kuei-jin. Their gaze held
something more. Sometimes it was sadness, as if I reminded them of something or


20 Hair-Darnun: Duanyn /

someone long gone. Other times the look |
was one I was familiar with — pure,
unbridled hate. Of course, I was never
really in a position to actually question {
any of these "August Personages" as to
why they were looking at me funny. I
was a minnow swimming with sharks
there, Jing. |
As you can tell, I made a study of our
kind, at least as much as I could within
the confines of my duties to the Blood
Court and Father. It wasn't easy. You'd
think that the dhampyrs of a court :

would have a tendency to congregate
together, right? Well, we had time to
hang out together. It seemed to me that
the Kuei-jin — Father included — did as
much as possible to keep us from con-
gregating. I never figured that one out.

Anyway, after five years, it all
fell apart.

Here's how it happened: I managed to
make this one close friend, a relatively [{
young Kuei-jin named Gai Sen. He had
only taken the Second Breath — that's
a fancy way of saying "came back from
the dead," by the way — back in 1976.
He had been student radical, and he
probably knew right from the start that
he was doomed as far as making a home
for himself in Kuei-jin society. Still, he WX,
stuck it out for over 20 years — just to o\\ Pa
show them he could, I always thought. / WR
Sen was a troublemaker around the } \ Wn.
court — always skirting the edge of
impropriety, making subtle jokes at the
expense of some of the crustier manda-
rins — but he wasn't all fun and games.
Sen's a good guy, and he treated mejust
like he treated everyone else.

Gai Sen had a serious side as well,
one that clashed with the attitudes of
the mandarins of Beijing. You and I
grew up in Hong Kong, so Western
stuff isn't anything new to us. We eat
at McDonalds, we listen to rock mu-
sic, we wear Levi's. Western culture
is meeting the East whether we like it
or not, right? Well, the "shadow world"
of the Kuei-jin is the same way, ex-
cept those ancient idiots that rule
things — the mandarins — are fighting
it, hard. Gai Sen insisted that unless
the court made an effort to move with
the times, it was going to be left behind
in the wake of history. The worlds of
the West and East are drawing closer
every day, and the courts are placing
the whole of Kuei-jin society in jeopardy.

|
|


Caapren One: Caypren or Licur ano Darcness 3 21

The mandarins and the Bestowed Ancestor were sticking their heads in the sand, he
said. As the years went by, Sen and I became better and better friends, and his
rhetoric became more strident.

The next thing I know, Gai Sen was standing in my apartment in the middle of the night,
telling me that Father and his buddies at the court have branded him akuma. That's very
serious shit, Jing. Akuma are demons and demon worshippers, and the courts tend to put
them to death in nasty ways. That they called Sen an akuma for political reasons just goes
to show you that politics is politics, even if you're a vampire.

Anyway, I was pretty flabbergasted. I mean this is the one guy I sort of trust. Then
he lets the other shoe drop: The mandarins tagged me as akuma too for consorting with
Sen! Father could have spoken up for me, defended me to the other mandarins — but that
would have threatened his prestige. By defending me he would have been seen as
sympathetic to Gai Sen and his heretical ideas. He said nothing and hung me out to dry.

It was then that the reality of my situation hit home. I'd been used, Jing. I'd let Father
manipulate me, feed my ego, flatter me, make me want to be his dutiful son. I've since
figured out that he wouldn't actually have let me just walk out of that room back in the
Forbidden City, but it sure was a great dramatic device. And I had bought it all.

I almost admire how he did it. Father is very good at manipulating people. Hell, he's
been doing it for over 500 years. It was never really my choice whether I stayed; my
only decision was under what circumstances. I was a tool to him, a piece in his little
court games. And when the time came, he sacrificed me.

Gai Sen and I took off that night, abandoning the stagnant world of the courts.

That was just over a year ago, and I've made some interesting new friends since then.
Friends who don't just want to meditate, have tea ceremonies and chart the paths of the
stars in the heavens to ensure that whatever change is coming works out in their favor.

You see, Jing, there's a war going on. You can't see it most of the time, and the
majority of the people fighting in it don't even know they are soldiers. On one side sits
the Quincunx (that's Father and the rest of them), content to do things the old way, the
traditional way. Well, I've had a taste of the "traditional way" and didn't much care for
it, thank you. Filial piety is all well and good, but I can't just stand by and let Father
and his kind send the entire world straight to hell. We're not going to make it through
the period of troubles that's coming if those "enlightened" know-it-all eunuchs keep
sitting on their ancient asses.

On the other side of this conflict are the Bamboo Princes. Those are the new friends
I've made. They're Kuei-jin, but they look to the future rather than the past. Gai Sen was
actually an agent for them, working inside the Blood Court. The sneaky bastard recruited
me and was so subtle about it that I didn't even notice.

I should probably hate the Bamboo Princes, you know. After all, if it wasn't for them
and their big ideas, I'd still be sitting comfortably at Father's side in Beijing, watching
the Minister of the Jade Portal and the Mandarin of Clouds and Doves argue over whose
mastery of calligraphy is more advanced.

But you see little sister, I have to back them. The stakes are much higher than just the
control of a place or group. It's a fight for the future — a struggle to see whose ideas will
dominate. The winner determines the fate of the Kuei-jin, the other shen, and ultimately
everyone and everything in Asia.

Kao Lang pauses and lights another cigarette. For almost a minute, he looks into the
camera without speaking.

Sorry, this is all pretty close to my heart these days. Didn't mean to get into too much
rhetoric just yet. Let's get back to the subject at hand, shall we?

All right, now you know what we are and what kind of world we are connected to,
whether we like it or not. By this time you either think I'm crazy or that I've come up with
the most complex lie imaginable. I am now going to tell you — and show you — just what
you and I are capable of.

First of all, we're going to live for a very long time, Jing. The blood of our father slows
down the aging process enormously. Conservatively, you and I can expect to be
champagne together on New Year's Eve of 2299. I've been told this has some pretty harsh
psychological effects as the years pass. I'm a little worried about that, but I must confess
to only seeing the bright side of it at this point. Death sucks.

22 Haur-Dasoup: Dnanpye

a

Secondly, we've always both felt that dark side that rages in us, right? [remember how
angry and unreasonable we used to get when we were kids. Mom almost went broke paying
the therapy bills. You told mevonce it was like'there was a nasty little creature in your
head, urging you toward anger, violence and the like. I understand all of it now, Jing. You
were exactly right; there is a thing speaking to you, a part of your soul affectionately called
the Demon, or the "P'o," to use Father's word. Once you\know what it is, you can control
it and even tap its power to do incredible things.

We can also tap into our life-force like the Kuei;jin. The fact that we are half human
means we can't handle it as well as the Hungry Dead, but we can still pull off some amazing
stuff. I'll show you how.

Now that I've stretched your credulity as far as possible, it's time for some proof. A
little cold, hard reality that you can sink your teeth into. You might want to down a quick
glass of that wine. This part is going to get rough.

The subject reaches beneath his chair and produces a large kitchen knife.

Ready? Here we go. Watch closely.

The subject carefully slits his left arm from wrist,to elbow with the knife.

Yaaa! Damn, that hurts! Now, as you can see, I have just slashed myself very deeply
and thoroughly. You know what they say — across for blood, down if you mean it.

Here, get a close look at this. Let me get in close to the camera. I want to make sure
that you can see the wound. Let me spread it open here... I've slashed all the way down
to the bone, and I'm losing a lot of blood.

Subject glances down, off camera.

Yup, I wasn't lying about that bloodstain I mentioned earlier.

Pretty gruesome, eh? I'm not just doing this to gross you out, you know. I'm trying to
prove a point here. Anyway, pay close attention to this next part. I want you to watch
the whole process, because I'm not going to do this again.

There, it's starting. See the edges knitting together? Watch, Jing. This is Chi in action.
Let me wipe the blood away here — man, the maids are going to hate me. See? All healed
up. I thought about showing you one or two of the other tricks I've learned, but I figured
you might think it was just some sort of special effect or so.

Whoa. Just had a head rush there. Takes a bit out of me to do that trick. Still pretty
amazing, eh? You can do the same thing too. I can teach you how.

Well, I seem to have made a bit of a mess here. Stay right there while I clean up.

The subject reaches up and freezes the camera. When the tape starts again, he is
wearing a clean shirt.

That's better. Luckily I have a lot of experience cleaning up blood.

I know you've never approved of what I do for a living. Is it my fault that killing is
the only thing I'm really good at? Believe it or not, Jing, I've changed. I've found a cause.
Aren't you proud of me? Well, don't be too proud. I'm still killing — but I'm not doing it
for money any more. I'm done with that.

Well, that's it» You know what I am. You know what kind of world I've lived in
for the last few years. You know what kind of world you live in, although you did
not see it until now. I figure that sooner or later Father is going to contact you. He
may have sacrificed me as a pawn, but I know he misses me, if only because I was
useful. Only the fact that he is a raging sexist — as you might.expect from a man
born 600 years ago — has kept him from contacting you already..1 won't let him
manipulate you the way he did me. He saved my life, but only so he could possess
it. If it hadn't been for Gai Sen, I'd be just as dead and our father may as well have
pulled the trigger.

I've given you the only gift that will really help you right now, little sister: knowledge
of yourself. Whether you like it or not, you're involved in a world beyond the perceptions
of most people.

I want to meet with you. I want to show you all these things — to show you what
you can do. But it has to be your choice. I won't draw you into all this unless your
eyes are totally open about it. If you want to know more, meet me at our secret spot
—you know, the one where we always used to hide when we wanted to drive Mother
crazy. I'll be'there at noon in three days. See you then.

Kao Lang stands up and turns off the video camera.


_— LT

(Casper One: Cuipren oF Lice ano Daacwess

~~ 23

RE: THe Hair-Damnep

To: Gai Sen <righteousfist@flamemail.com>
From: Lao Shang <BambooBoy@freenet.net>

Greetings, Gai Sen.

Sorry it took so long forme to put this report
together, but | had to do some pretty extensive
asking around to get the information you needed.
The Man's eyes are everywhere in this town
these days, so | had to be pretty careful.

Anyway, here it is: a full report on the Shade
Walkers.|'ve covered the courts, the heimin, some
pretty sketchy information on a few independents
and some pretty disturbing information concerning
the half-damned and the Yama Kings.

But I'm getting ahead of myself. Read it all,
and see what you think.

Tasuia Rasa

Normally, I'd start out with some historical
background on dhampyrs. There's a problem,
though: There is no dhampyr history. Oh sure,
there are references to them in the texts, but
they're pretty sketchy. They run along the lines
of "so-and-so's son took part in this battle with
the akuma and acquitted himself well," or
"amongst the court at such and such time was
the half-breed daughter of so and so." Dhampyrs
seem to be a no more than a footnote in the
history books.

Given what I've learned about the courts
and the Shade Walkers, this doesn't surprise
me in the least. It sort of sums up the "regard"
in which the half-damned have been held since
time immemorial.

Bringing up Basy

1 don't have to explain to you how dhampyrs
are created, | hope. It hasn't been that long
since you took the Second Breath, has it? We
may be dead, but the physical process of
procreation is just the same. While conceiving
a dhampyr child is easy, successfully bringing
one to term is not. About half of all, such
pregnancies end in miscarriage. Female Kuei-jin
who get pregnant have no such problem as long
as they remain scarlet cycled for the entire
pregnancy. Not easy, but possible.

Once the child is born, most Kuei-jin take at
least some part in the dhampyr's upbringing. As
carefully considered and planned as the birth is,
the parent is unwilling to take a chance on the
child going astray. How much control she exerts
over the child varies just like in a normal parent-
child relationship.

Some Kuei-jin raise their children with full
knowledge of who and what they are — and even

bring,them to their court and introduce them to
their wu'to inculcate them early. Others prefer to
keep their children in the dark about what they
are for a period of time, watching their upbringing
from a distance. They usually act behind the
scenes to keep their offspring out of trouble (or
to guide them *into* it, in some cases) and only
reveal themselves when they deem, the. child
mature enough to handle it.

(Just as an aside here, maybe it's just.be-
cause | only took the Second Breath a few years.
ago, but I can't remember any point when | was
growing up that | would have been "ready" for
my missing father to show up out of nowhere
and tell me he was a unliving bloodsucking
demon, and that | was half demon. My adoles-
cence was screwed up enough as it was.)

The gist of all this is that dhampyrs raised
under the wing of a Kuei-jin parent are often
not the best socialized of people — at least
not as far as the mortal world is concerned.
Their parents see little value in monitoring
their offspring's psychological well-being, ex-
cept in as much as it affects the dhampyr's
loyalty to his parent — and his ability to serve
his parent's wishes.

Dhampyrs raised primarily by their human
parent (or by human agents of their Kuei-jin one)
socialize much more easily. Their souls are only
half-damned after all. With a loving and healthy
home environment, dhampyrs tend to grow up
like normal — if a bit psychologically disturbed —
children. The whisperings of a dhampyr's P'o,
however stunted it may be iin relation to the
Demon lurking inside full Kuei-jin, can still make
for a rather fucked-up childhood: Most.normal
people take a dim view of a child that tortures
animals, vandalizes the neighborhood, commits
petty theft and then claims that the voice in his
head told him to do it. Needless to say, human-
raised dhampyrs tend to see the inside of a lot
of psychologists' offices (where such facilities
are available, of course).

Anyway, one thing unites almost every
dhampyr, no matter their upbringing: All of them
end up feeling, to one extent or another, like
outsiders. Let's face it, this feeling is well founded.
As hard as they try and as well as they serve their
parents, they will never truly be accepted in
Kuei-jin society. And their monstrous nature,
however restrained, must always come between
them and the rest of humanity. When you have
a habit of occasionally sliding into cannibalism, it
kind of builds a wall between yowand the rest of
the world.

It's not as if they can even consort.with their
own kind easily. Court dhampyrs are kept pretty
busy working in their parent's interests, so they

24

7

Hair-Darmeo: Duanpye

don't have much time to socialize. Human-raised or someé get so fed up that they can be-pretty

independent. dhampyrs are lucky to run into an-
other of their kind — if they even know about
others. As far as | can tell, there are something like
900 dhampyrsin the Middle Kingdom, hardly enough,
to form local communities.

Duampyrs jn THE Courts

So, lets talk about those dhampyrs raised in
the courts of the Kuei-jin. Historical perspective
here would be good, | know. But as | said earlier,
it just doesn't exist. I'll just proceed to what I
know about how things are today.

The average dhampyr (if there can be said
to be such a thing) born in the last 150 years
or so has been brought up with a foot in each
world. After all, one of the primary reasons for
going to all the trouble of breeding in the first
place is to get yourself a trustworthy tool for
interacting with mortals — and if you keep
your child out of the mortal world for most of
his life, he's going to stick out like a sore
thumb when he tries to look after your inter-
ests. And while you may school him thoroughly
in his spiritual and physical superiority to mor-
tals, you have to ensure that you teach him to
keep these feelings in check when dealing with
them. It won't do at all to have your dhampyr
son rip the head off of the leader of your most
important Scarlet Screen because he was "dis-
respectful." While these dhampyrs still see
themselves. as above mortals, they're less
obnoxious about it and can function in human
society without flipping out and ripping some-
one limb from limb. They are familiar with the
existence of the courts that they serve, but
probably don't know much about the inner
machinations and intrigues that riddle it.

In any case, a dhampyr brought up in the
courts probably has a pretty good idea what
Kuei-jin society is all about and is fully aware of
what she is. She might have been taught how
to harness her Chi for some limited access to
the mysteries of the shintai or trained rigor-
ously in more physical pursuits. That all de-
pends on her parent.

I've heard a few stories of parents raising
their offspring completely within the confines
of Kuei-jin society, usually in some demented
attempt at karmic redemption for a Kuei-jin
who was a bad or abusive parent in life. It seems
to me that this tactic is inherently flawed. No
child raised completely in the confines of the
courts is ever going to turn out normal. Hell, |
was fully grown when | did my time there, and
it sure warped me.

Dhampyrs brought up entirely in the courts
are usually too dangerous to be trusted. But

useful. It's a case-by-case judgement call.

Moraity

More than a few of us (myself included)
have a big problem with the very concept of
creating dhampyrs. | mean, we're damned! We
didn't. hop back up out of our graves because
we won a contest or anything! We are here to
atone for our wrongs in life, and it seems pretty
fucking irresponsible to go around breeding
while we're at it. Although they are born with-
out our karmic burden, the souls of the Twilight
Children are imperiled right out of the womb.
The whisperings of their shriveled P'o may
seem insignificant to those of us who have to
deal with a living, breathing Demon squirming
inside our head, but remember that the
dhampyrs are half mortal as well. Most of us had
no trouble leading ourselves straight to Yomi
without a little evil man in our heads. We are
responsible for the (half) life we create, and if
our children end_up frying inthe Hell of Boiling
Oil when they finally. pass on, it's our fault.

But let's face facts: Most of us are painfully
pragmatic creatures. We can argue over the
morality of creating dhampyrs for years if we
wish. Meanwhile, some enterprising jina will be
out impregnating a mortal and raising his own
private agent in the mortal world. Dhampyrs can
make invaluable tools, and it's hard for ambi-
tious Gui Ren to resist the temptation to breed.

Creating a dhampyr deliberately is morally
tenuous enough. Worse than that though, some
of our brethren (especially those perpetually
scarlet-cycled fools in the Golden Courts) seem
to see the Second Breath as nothing but an
excuse for a big damn orgy and don't think a
thing about sowing their seed all over the Middle
Kingdom. The resulting dhampyrs are often left
to be raised by their mortal mothers and may
never see their fathers again. When | get to the
section on independent dhampyrs, |'ll talk all
about the perils of this. Just as a note, if you
can't keep yourself from dropping your pants or
hiking your robes for anything that walks into
the field of view (and believe me, it's like that in
the Golden Courts sometimes), then your whole
unlife is one big act of blindness.

Toots oF THe Man

All right, let's be blunt about why most
dhampyrs are born: The Hungry Dead need
servants. They need eyes and ears. in the
mortal realm, especially in the daylight world.
They need people who know what's going on,
to control their Scarlet Screens, gather intel-
ligence on their enemies and watch their backs


Cuapren One: Cuiuprew oF LicnT ano Darcntss

i

for them. Who better than'their.own children?
To many of the Gui Ren, dhampyrs.are kind of
like very sophisticated and intelligent chih-
mei. Okay, that's a big simplification, but there
is a kernel of truth in it. Dhampyrs are not
conceived out of love or a need to bring life
into the world. They are created because a
Kuei-jin needs a tool for a job.

| realize that I'm making a broad generaliza-
tion here. There are certainly some mandarins
who have children, love them, cherish them as
they did (or perhaps didn't) in life and make
thempart of the family. But | guarantee you that
for every one parentlike that, there are five who
consider their children to be just more strategic
assets. (Kind of like we are considering them.
Let's be honest, Sen.)

This would seem to be in direct violation of
several of the precepts of the Great Principle
developed by Grand Arhat Xue. For instance,
take the Way of Lineage. "Heed well those who
have come before you, and respect those that
come after, for they are all part of the truth."
Now, | can't find the part in that sentence where
it says "this only applies to Kuei-jin, not their
children." Then again, if the mandarins *read*
the Great Principle instead of "interpreting" it all
the time, the courts would probably be a lot
more peaceful.

Aone jn a Crown

Becoming part of the courts does not as-
suage a dhampyr's feelings of being an out-
sider. In fact, the effect is often quite the
opposite. Kuei-jin society, due to unexplained
mandates from the mandarins, often takes
pains to isolate dhampyrs from each other.
Remember, they are fairly rare already, so this
isn't really all that difficult.

When dhampyrs socialize with each other,
how they interact is largely dependent on how
they've been raised. Given that a dhampyr's Kuei-
jin parent usually imposes his own jaundiced
views on his half-damned offspring, you can
imagine what this leads to. Most dhampyrs in the
courts are arrogant bastards, convinced that
their parent is destined to one day become the
next Bestowed Ancestor. They're anxious to tear
down any rivals — opposing dhampyrs as well.
Kuei-jin whose wu-mates have dhampyr offspring
might allow their children to interact with each
other, but the scarcity of dhampyrs makes that
a very rare case indeed.

While most dhampyrs are undeniably ser=
vants of their unliving parents, and never
amount to anything more, a scant few have
earned enough regard from individual Kuei-jin
to be invited to join a wu. In cases where the

dhampyr still serves her parent, she must get
the parent's permission to bind herself to the
guanxi of a wu. Independent dhampyrs need
no such permission — but they have to find a
jina willing to perform the guanxi ceremony.
An all-dhampyr wu is certainly theoretically
possible, but the participating dhampyrs might
be hard-pressed to find a patron willing to
perform the bonding ritual. | found no evi-
dence that one has ever been formed, at least
not in Quincunx history.

The jeporrance oF Beng Hein

We all know the important role that the
heimin or "half-people" play in relations
between the courts. Impartial couriers are
essential; without them, all the different
Kuei-jin factions would spend their time send-
ing each other's.damned souls screaming
back to Yomi.

Heimin status offers a dhampyr the best
opportunity to participate in Kuei-jin society
and actually be appreciated for it. In many
ways, the Shade Walkers are naturals for the
job. They can easily move from place to place
unhindered by sensitivity tothe sun. They can
blend.in*withthe great masses of humanity.
And yet they canusually hold their own against
any threat that challenges them in the course
of their heimin duties. All in all, pretty good
qualifications — plus you can make-an, argu-
ment that from our perspective, they really
*are* "half-people."

It's important to note that the status they
receive is almost completely due to the posi-
tions they hold. The underlying feeling that a
particular Kuei-jin has toward dhampyrs in gen-
eral remains unchanged, but they sometimes
"respect the uniform."

Becoming heimin is not an easy process for a
dhampyr. While Kuei-jin can declare themselves
heimin, presenting their case to a court bigwig if
there are any objections, the half-damned must
first secure the sponsorship of a Kuei-jin. Usually
this is their parent, but | have found a few in-
stances where dhampyrs were sponsored by oth-
@rs sometimes even above the objections of
their parent.

Duarmas anp Duampyrs

| think I've actually managed to discern one
of the reasons that the half-damned stand so far
apart from Kuei-jin society when they are in
reality so close to us. The answeris the Dharmas.

Of all of the secrets of the Kuei-jin, the
details of the different Dharmas are the most
foreign to even the court-raised dhampyrs.
The Dharmic paths are an intensely personal

26

—

Hair-Darnen: Dianpre

=»

thing to most of us, and we're unlikely to share
the details with anyone — even our own prog-
eny. Most dhampyrs pick up a'working knowl-
edge of the Dharmas (the orthodox ones at
least) over the years, either through observa-
tion or study.

But to most Shade Walkers, learning about
the Dharmas is sort of like studying someone
else's religion. It may be interesting, but it
doesn't really relate much to their own experi-
ence. The Dharmas aren't necessary for them,
and they are incapable of deriving any real
benefit from them anyway. The mandarins say
that this is because dhampyrs are not spiritually
advanced enough to understand the higher mys-
teries or insights into the Second Breath. Well,
considering they don't even take the Second
Breath, it's hardly unusual that they don't need
spiritual insight into it. Most dhampyrs think of
themselves as being too human to need such
alien paths to enlightenment.

In any case, there is definitely a sort of
spiritual prejudice toward the half-damned that
keeps them from ever being fully accepted into
Kuei-jin society. The fact that the dhampyrs can't
interact freely with the Yin and Yang Worlds only

7g:
a=

a:
ES

worsens Kuei-jin opinions of their children's spiri-
tual development.

The thing that strikes me.as being the most
ironic is that, as concerned as they are with their
own enlightenment, court Kuei-jin seem amaz-
ingly cavalier about the state of their own
children's souls. | mean, the poor bastards al-
ready have a tendency toward the monstrous as
a legacy of their heritage. What do their parents.
do about it? Why, *feed* it, of course.

The degree to which this is true varies from
Dharma to Dharma. A righteous Resplendent Crane
is likely much more concemed with his offspring's
spiritual well-being than a mercurial Rootless Tree.
Hell, the Whisper is as likely to kill his own offspring
in the course Of shedding an identity as he is to
nurture it.

Scorn oF THE ELpers

Dharmic prejudice doesn't fully explain the
older Kuei-jin's erratic attitude toward dhampyrs.
This:seems.to be applicable across the board,
regardless of Dharma: The most elderly and
"enlightened" of the Gui Ren seem to have an
aversion bordering on the neurotic toward the
Shade Walkers, and some refuse to deal with


Cuaprer Ont: Cujioren oF Licht ano Darcness

27

them. Hatred doesn't'seem 'torcharacterize the
feeling exactly — it's more an extreme discom-
fort. Of course, the reaction of an uncomfort-
able mandarin is often.indistinguishable from a
mindless act of violence.

I've even heard rumors that the Bestowed
Ancestor won't suffer a dhampyr to live in his
sight unlessishe is fulfilling an official capacity.
You remember that ugly incident in the Forbid-
den City two years ago, don't you? The dhampyr
daughter of a Flesh Court mandarin took a
wrong turn in the Imperial Palace and got her
head ripped off for her trouble? They never did
determine officially who did it, of course. My
sources tell me that the blood trail led suspi-
ciously close to the Bestowed Ancestor'sicham-
bers. If it hadn't been for the' aid the Blood
Court was funneling to the Silent Mandarins, it
might have caused quite a rift between Beijing
and Shanghai.

| have no idea why the elders are so twitchy
around dhampyrs. It's probably the same rea-
son there's no dhampyr history.

Tue Courts oF THE Deap

Next up, I've prepared a court-by-court run-
down on the conditions that dhampyrs face across
the Middle Kingdom. It should give us a good idea
where to start looking for sympathetic agents
within the courts. While these generalizations on
how the dhampyrs are treated hold true through-
out most of the Quincunx, there are some regional
variations in the roles that the dhampyrs are
assigned. I've detailed these below. Let's start
with how the Five August Courts deal with the
Shade Walkers, since they are the Kuei-jin that
most of us are familiar with.

Tut Bioop Courr

Would it surprise you to know that dhampyrs
of the Blood Court most closely fit the generali-
zations | made above? Dhampyrs here are raised
to respect and listen to their parents, are fed
tales of their own superiority to mortals, and at
the same time are treated with quiet disdain by
the jina and mandarins.

But if a dhampyr hopes to become heimin, this
is definitely the best place to be. As the seat of the
Bestowed Ancestor of the whole damn Quincunx,
the Blood Court gives dhampyrs the best shot at
transcending their secondary role in Kuei-jin soci-
ety and really getting to run with the movers and
shakers (other than joining up with us and trying
to tear the whole rotten bloated carcass of a
society down, that is). The court needs messen-
gers and the Bestowed Ancestor seems pretty
happy to get the half-damned into roles where
they're out of his sight.

Blood Court dhampyrs offer some pretty
fertile ground for recruitment. The disaffected
are always eager to turn on their oppressors.

The Fiame Courr

This is going to sound really bad, but there
are times when | do wish that the Kin-jin were still
in charge of this place. At least it was.a stable
environment then, even if it was brimming with
bad joss. Have you ever seen that American war
film "Apocalypse Now"? There's this part in the
middle of it where the main character and his
companions get right up to the front of the
fighting? Anyway, it's complete chaos — gun-
fire, artillery pouring down, flares allover the
place, people dying. The hero stumbles around in
the darkness, vainly trying to locate the com-
mand post.and a ranking officer. It: quickly
becomes apparent that nobody is in charge. It's
just a mess.

That's Hong Kong, as least as far as
we're concerned.

Oh sure, the place is nominally. under the
control of the Quincunx, butdamned.if they
can actually exert decisive influence. The
two most powerful wu there, Victorious Whirl-
wind_and»the Righteous Devils, are at each
other's throats half the time and the place is
crawling with other shen, including a few
stray Kin-jin who didn't get their filthy hides
out of town when Hong Kong reverted to the
People's Republic.

All this chaos makes Hong Kong a pretty
good place for an independent dhampyr to
escape notice, so it's no surprise that I've
identified at least 10 of them operating, in the
city. Amusingly enough, at least half of them
aren't even aware of what they are.

Dhampyrs working with either of the big
Flame Court wu have proven very valuable for
taking down some of the remaining Kin-jin that
still infest the place.

The Fiesh Courr

Had they been given the luxury to do so, the
Silent Mandarins of Shanghai would probably
have regarded dhampyrs with the same subtle
contempt that characterizes the treatment of
the half-damned elsewhere. However, war dis-
penses with such frippery. Until very recently, if
you could fight and were loyal to the Quincunx,
you were welcome in Shanghai.

Quincunx dhampyrs in the Flesh Court ended
up seeing a lot of action. As scouts, assassins,
leaders of Scarlet Screens or whatever else
came along, dhampyrs in Shanghai found fire-
arm skills far more useful than all that calligra-
phy and diplomatic doublespeak that is so

—~ Hair-Danwen: Dianpyr

essential in the more stable (or stagnant, if
you prefer) courts.

Now that the Quincunx is backiin, control of
Shanghai, the city's freewheeling days are over.
There is still mopping up to do, of course. The
Bestowed Ancestor wants every last gaki rooted
out of Shanghai. But the Man is back in town, and
dhampyrs walking Shanghai's streets had better
start toeing the line — or move on to the free-fire
Zone that is Hong Kong.

Tue Bone Courr

The Shade Walkers may be second-class
citizens in most of the Quincunx, but that's alot
more regard than.they find in the Bone Court.
There are no half-damned in the Bone Court of
Chongqing. Period. The ancestors of the Bone
Court have forbidden the creation of — or even
presence of — dhampyrs for as far back in
history as | have been able to track — perhaps
even back to when the Wan Xian were first
cursed by the August Personage of Jade. Even.
heimin dhampyrs on business of the Quincunx
are received poorly there.

The reasons for this prohibition are closely
tied to the Bone Court's obsession with spiri-
tual purity and Mount Meru. As you know, all
efforts by Kuei-jin to return to the holy site
have been thwarted by some strange force. (1
once:spoke to a Resplendent Crane jina who had
tried to go there. He said the pain was so
intense when he finally turned around, he felt as
if his bones had turned to red-hot metal. Ech.)
Ku Zu, the Bone Ancestor, backed by all of her
mandarins, has declared that dhampyrs are
spiritually unclean, polluted creatures created
by weak Kuei-jin giving in to urges they should
know better than to indulge. Of course, such
base and corrupt creatures are not fit to be in
the presence of the righteous descendants of
the Court of the White Tiger, right? — much
less be told the location of a place as sacred as
Mount Meru.

This is all bullshit, of course. Along with the
garden variety enmity that the older mandarins
harbor for the dhampyrs, the fact is the Bone
Ancestor and her toadies haven't tasted Yang in
centuries. Dhampyrs remind them that they are
desiccated corpses so they shoo them away.

This is patently stupid, if youaskme. If the
ancestor of the Bone Court is really so fired up
to know what's become of the Court of the
White Tiger, why not send in someone who
very well might be able to walk right up to the
top of Mount Meru and ask? For all we know,
the half-damned may not be subject to the
same spiritual. malaise that affects Kuei-jin
attempting to return to the holy site. The

Bone Court mandarins' blind obsession»with
spiritual purity (or ego-driven sexual insecu-
rity) may actually be costing the rest of us
valuable knowledge about the fate of our lost
brothers.and sisters.

Tue jape Courr

There are few dhampyrs in the Jade Court,
and those that are there are usually trans-
plants. This is understandable given the spiri-
tual bent of the court at Changan. Monks aren't
known for going out and having kids... very
often. Contempt isn't how I'd characterize the
Jade Court's attitude toward the half-damned.
It's more like condescension. While the court's
movers and»shakers recognize dhampyrs. for
their value in dealing with the mortal world
(something that the bodhisattvas are notori-
ously bad at), they treat them like children
when it comes.to court policy. The Man politely
listens to Shade Walker opinions and then
discards them out of hand. After all, what could
a young half-breed possibly-know about court
policy that a five-hundred-year-old monk
wouldn't, right? Of course, these are the same
"infallible" monks who turn to you and say
things like "You mean they've invented electri-
cal adding machines? How fascinating!"

What dhampyrs there are in the Jade Court
are probably ripe for recruitment. At the very
least we'll listen to their opinions about how
thing should be done.

CHjLDREN OF THE

Well, if you think | had a hard time digging up
information on the Quincunx, that was nothing
compared to the hoops | had to jump through to
get a straight answer out of my contacts among
the gaki. But for you, anything.

Here's a brutal truth: Since the Burnings, no
dhampyr sired by a Kuei-jin (gaki or not) who has
fed off Japan's Chi has had a trouble-free birth.
Some have been born with absolutely hideous
deformities, and even those coming into the
world physically intact are a little messed up in
the head. For these reasons, the daimyos have
forbidden the act of procreation until the Chi of
Japan can be cleansed.

~— ee

Mao Li Wen,

These deformed and corrupted Ahampyrs, J
believe, are the WMakuro Hike we have heard
about. They are a dangerous trend that J humbly

~ in
SW Sa

suggest requires your attention.

— Ti Feng


(Casper One: Canoe oF Licht ano Darcness

~~ 29

Well, they' ve *officially* forbidden it at least.
More on that ina bit.

Among the Bishamon, the daimyos have
historically kept a tight.handle on the breeding
habits of their subjects. Only unions with Japa-
nese of pure blood were allowed. The Bishamon
were determined to keep even their half-breeds
as pure as. possible. However, as long as a
dhampyr — or maiko, to use the local term —
comports himself to the wishes of his daimyo,
there was no reason he couldn't rise in the eyes
of the Bishamon. The gaki valued accomplished
and heroic dhampyrs in their uji or others tied to
the Bishamon — if not quite as much as their
Kuei-jin counterparts.

The Genji really aren't coherent enough for.
me to truly define their attitudes toward
dhampyrs, but | think it's a'safe guess that this
uji is willing to accept anyone into its ranks
that can bolster its power — and keep it from
getting annihilated by House Bishamon. These
gaki are even willing to work with Kin-jin. |
doubt that the steady gun arm of a dhampyr
could really be refused.

But it's not just "freelance" dhampyrs that
have a presence among the Genji. I've heard very
reliable rumors that the embattled uji have been
breeding with mortals quite a bit, despite —
perhaps because of — the mutated nature of the
offspring. Reportedly, these deformed dhampyrs'
twisted Chi and corrupted bodies make them
fearsome opponents. The Genji have restricted
the use of these monstrosities to their fight with
the Bishamon so far. Let's hope we don't see
them showing up elsewhere in the Middle King-
dom anytime soon.

The Iga and Koga both have dhampyrs in
their ranks. The ability of the half-damned to
operate in daylight comes in handy to these
supernatural security forces.

Tht Green Courrs

Ah, scenic Korea. After that incident last
year with that tainted dragon nest, I'll be happy
not to go there for the next few decades.

My own feelings aside, I'll admit that if you
have to be a dhampyr raised in one of the
courts, you could do a lot worse than growing
up here. The Kuei-jin of the Green Courts have
their feet firmly planted in the Yin world, but
not quite so much as in the Bone Court of the
Quincunx. Few dhampyrs are born here, but
that just makes the ones that are that much
more valuable. The Green Courts' intense rev=
erence for family means that these rare chil-
dren play a much larger role in the courts.
Korean Shade Walkers are a lot more loyal to
their families, often viewing their parents al-

most.as living gods. You can imagine that the
local mandarins, with their typical "I wish it were
still the Third Age" attitude, lap this reverence
up. | think it says something pretty profound
about the stagnation in Kuei-jin society that
the Green Courts dhampyrs are so loyal, and it
hasn't even occurred to the other courts to
emulate our Korean brethren. If you're. going to
go to the trouble to have a child, you may as
well treat him well, right?

Many dhampyrs of the Green Court are heavily.
involved in the Parallel Path, that' series of
supernatural safe-houses that their parents have
set up. They run daylight security and the like,
things that their parents just aren't willing to
trust a Scarlet Screen to handle unsupervised. |
Suspect.that the dhampyrs of the Green Courts
would all bein favor of our cause — if it didn't
involve disobeying their parents.

Tue Courrs

I've been all over Asia, and the steamy
jungles of southeast Asia | hate the most. This
decadent hellhole is going to drag the rest. of us
back down to Yomi if wedon't keep a close eye
onit. Before | get into the localdhampyr "scene"
| should'warn»you that it's hard to generalize
about the Golden Courts. The penangallan queens
in charge don't always agree with each other —
each one rules her own roost in her own way.
They *mostly* agree on how to_deal. with
dhampyrs, but there must be patches of dis-
sent. | just haven't found them, myself. Okay,
enough hedging.

Most people think of the penangallan as the
mistresses of the forces of Yang, so you might
think that the jungles of southeast Asia would be
crawling with dhampyric offspring. Not so. While
the locals certainly indulge in the carnal pleasure
of Yafg with great enthusiasm, most of the
queens of the Golden Courts are too busy killing
demons and rooting out Yama King infiltration to
carry a child to full term.

Actually, all the matriarchs I've met or
heard of strictly control any sort of procre-
ation activities on the part of their court
Subjects, male or female. This doesn't keep
their male acolytes from fucking anything that
moves, of course, and a good number of
"stray" dhampyrs do crop up. Female Shade
Walkers can look forward to being welcomed
into the court with almost, full status when
they reach maturity here. The father is dis-
posed of for his disobedience, of course. The
raising of thedhampyr child is assigned to a
female member of the court — usually,one
that has displeased the queen recently. Male
Twilight Children are killed out of hand, along

with their disobedient fathers. Male dhampyrs
lucky enough to survive to maturity usually
get the hell out of the jungles at the first
Opportunity. Singapore offers some refuge for
them. More on that in a moment.

Because of the akuma-infested nature of the
whole area of the Golden Courts, dhampyrs are
raised fully under the supervision of the courts. It
would never do to have one's own child taken
over by the enemy and used against you.

Tut Gowen Lion Courr

Finally, | can give you a firsthand account of
a place outside the Quincunx. Singapore is swim-
ming in dhampyrs. All right, I'm overstating the
issue significantly, but there are more Shade
Walkers per capita here than anywhere else in
the Middle Kingdom. The reason why is an
interesting one.

The Golden Lion Emperors seem to think that
the best way to bolster their small numbers
against the constant threat of the Golden Courts
is to breed like crazy. | personally met at least 25
half-breeds when | was there — and they all
came from/just,two families. I'm sure that was
just a fraction of the population there. When you

figure how rare their kind usually is, it's pretty
amazing to find that many in one place.

My guess is that the Golden Lions are birthing
themselves an army, getting ready for the day
they have to face the wrath of the Golden
Courts, or the rumored plans of the Kin-jin to
expand into the city. This has obviously been a
long-term plan — dhampyrs don't just spring
from the bellies of their mothers full-grown,
after all. Additionally, "stray" dhampyrs escap-
ing destruction at the hands of the queens of the
Golden Courts find awarm reception in Singapore.
The Golden Lion Emperors offer a safe haven and
the companionship of a dhampyr's own kind, and.
all they ask is unquestioning loyalty. That's a
small price to pay when the alternative is death.

Personally, | don't know who the emperors
think they're fooling. If the penangallan decided
to swoop down on Singapore tomorrow night,
the emperors would all be staked out on the
beach the next morning when the Eye of Heaven
slipped over the horizon. They could:-have an
army of day-walking dhampyrs andit still wouldn't
be enough to stave off destruction.

In any case, the dhampyrs of Singapore are
obviously regarded a little better than in some


Cuapren One: Caiioren or Light ano Darcness

other places. However, the inherent paranoia
caused by the Golden Lions' precarious situation
makes it difficult to appeal to the dhampyrs
there. They're too busy running around taking
care of their parents' business to have time for
revolutionary talk. However, properly applied
graft and corruption? *Very* effective.

''m not<sure it's really worth infiltrating
Singapore anyway. The Golden Lions are too
preoccupied with the penangallan to cause us
any trouble, and they can usually be dealt with
by appealing to their baser senses — money,
power, that sort of thing. Still, I'm all for any-
thing that irritates the established order.

THE jNDEPENDENTS

Most of.the dhampyrs,out there are in
some way associated with one of the courts.
Most of them. But not all. There are some lone
wolves out there in the Middle Kingdom — and
in other parts of the world, | suppose. Nothing
— other than a little sunburn perhaps — keeps
them from just picking up and going wherever
they see fit.

Most of the independent dhampyrs are
refugees from one of the courts. Some just
get fed up, some get bored, some are forced
into exile by political maneuvering. Hopefully
by now you can see that there're plenty of
ways for a dhampyr to get on the wrong side
of his court.

Onrare occasions, dhampyrs grow up with no
knowledge whatsoever of who or what they are.
These are by far the most unpredictable and
thankfully the most rare. These are usually the
result of a scarlet-cycled Kuei-jin drinking a bit
too deeply of the well of life. A surfeit of Yang in
the body can easily lead to multiple sexual
indiscretions, and Kuei-jin aren't.exactly known
for practicing safe sex.

The years wear a lot more heavily on the
independents I've talked to. After all, they
usually have no social structure to back
them up or help them deal with the fact that
they outlive everyone they know (and the
children of everyone they know). Some go
crazy and end it all prematurely — an action
that, in a touch of pure irony, could bring
them hopping right back up out of their
graves as Kuei-jin.

Okay, that last bit is pure speculation, |'ll
admit. But it *could* happen, couldn't it?

The independent ones that stick around for
any length of time are the most skilled — and
dangerous — of the Shade Walkers. They have
to be. After all, they can't go running for daddy
and his wu whenever they're in trouble.

Orner SHEN

Most shen view dhampyrs as lackeys of their
unliving parents. If a dhampyr is connected to
the courts, most of the other shen give him the
Same treatment they give any Kuei-jin's ser-
vant. For some, that's a wide berth. For others,
alittle brutality and bloodshed is on the agenda.
Still, Shade Walkers often get more respect from
the other denizens of the Middle Kingdom than
they do from their own court.

I'd like to take this opportunity to confirm
definitively that there is a dhampyr working with
those crazy monk "demon hunters" in the Shih.
We suspected this for many years due. to some
overly efficient exterminations of a few rogue
Kuei-jin — including Wu Kwok Chow last year. We
got lucky. there, actually. If the Shih hadn't
sensed his corruption and taken him down, it
could have made our reputation even worse. I've
actually seen this elusive dhampyr, although |
can't say we've really met. | observed her, read
her aura, and I'm positive she's a Shade Walker.
| pity her next target.

ee 3 eae

You haven't gone completely un-
noticed, apparently.

The Kin-jin still don't fully understand the
truth of the dhampyrs. They believe them to be
some strange variation on their own "ghouling"
process. Ahh, if | had an.ounce of jade for
everything the Kin-jin don't understand...

Wax Do We Care?

You're already familiar with my reasons for
considering the half-damned a viable strategic
asset, but | suppose | should present them here
anyway forthe benefit of anyone you show this
to who doesn't know me.

The first thing that the Shade Walkers are
useful for is daylight operations that require
a little more finesse and intelligence than our
Scarlet Screens can provide. Sunlight, deadly
to even the strongest of us, is merely uncom-
fortable to them. If we can expand the num-
ber of dhampyrs on our side, we can expand
our operations into the daytime, when the
Man is weak.

Second, they make ideal spies. As | men-
tioned earlier in this report, nobody notices the
half-damned in most of the courts. They're
heimin at best, servants and lackeys at worst,
beneath the notice of the Man. And those
ancient fossils running the courts havea *very*
hard time even conceiving that their offspring
could betray them. The poor treatment that

32

Haur-Dasoun: Duanere

dhampyrs get often makes them quite willing to
work against their parents, and for us.

Third, they're often more mentally open and
flexible than their parents. Most of them spend
at least some time in the real world, and'this puts:
them more in tune with what is really going on
out here. Even dhampyrs who've been raised
their entire life in the courts can be made to see
the justness and rightness of our methods.

Finally, they're good luck. | don't mean that
in any sort of flip way, | mean they are lucky.
They have *really* good joss. Talk to any
dhampyr, and he's sure to have a raft of stories
about how amazingly lucky he's been through-
out his life. A few of them even talk about
"focusing their joss," tuning their luck to specific
tasks. | don't know exactly what to make of it,
but | have seen dhampyrs take absolutely ridicu-
lous chances and live to tell about it. The stories
are pretty persuasive.

Maybe you think I'm turning into one of those
spirit-addled eunuchs in Beijing, but I'm all for
good luck charms — especially if they carry
automatic weapons.

Weaxnesses

| should probably appraise you of the limita-
tions of the dhampyrs while.'m at it. If we are
actually viewing them as a useful asset, it's
important that we don't use them in inappropri-
ate situations.

Dhampyrs shouldn't be used for direct
confrontations with Kuei-jin — at least not
with any expectation of them succeeding at
taking a Hungry Dead down. As formidable as
some of them are (and trust me, some are
absolutely deadly), most dhampyrs are just
going to end up as bloody chunks if they go
toe-to-toe with a Kuei-jin. | suppose this could
serve as a distraction or delaying tactic, but
such ends can fulfilled much more effectively
and with less potential waste by just using one
of our Scarlet Screens.

It's also best to confine most operations
using Shade Walkers to the material world,
since dhampyrs need assistance to access the
Yin and Yang Worlds. They *can* walk in the
crab's footsteps to get to the Mirror Lands, but
that's about it. They can't imbue jade or see
dragon tracks, so they tend to get'lost,in the
spirit worlds. You know me — | think they're
better off without all of that stuff — but it can
be a tactical liability.

It's also best to ensure you give dhampyr
Operatives time to recuperate between mis-
sions. They recover far faster than any mortal
ever could, but their partially mortal shells are
still more fragile than our own.

Pawns oF Evi?

| hate to say it, but we're not the only ones
interested in currying the dhampyrs' favor (or
covertly controlling them — but you know how
| hate thelanguage of oppression). The same
things that make the dhampyrs such an attrac-
tive resource for us have also brought them to
the attention of the Yama Kings.

This all came to mind because of some-
thing that happened way back when | was hin,
before | realized that the stagnant ways of the
Blood Court weren't sitting too well with me.
One of the mandarins was discovered consort-
ing with that fat bastard Mikaboshi. After a
little "persuasion" at the hands of the Black
lron Talons, the akuma revealed that his son
had been the vehicle of his corruption. When
the Talons got finished with that particular
Shade Walker, there wasn't even enough left
to bury. Very nasty business.

Anyway, | decided to investigate this a bit
further, andl discovered something distress-
ing: Out of 35 confirmed Yama King incursions
into the courts, | determined that almost a
third of those subverted had dhampyr off-
spring as close assistants. When you figure
how rare dhampyrs are, that figure becomes
much more significant.

As | described above, a lot of the half-
damned get more than a little bitter as the
decades pass and they fully realize their
second-class status isn't going to change.
It's easy to see why the whispered lies and
promises of the lords and ladies of the Thou-
sand Hells could prove attractive. Think about
it. You've been working in the family busi-
ness for over 100 years and your father
*still* won't give you your own key to the
office toilet.

Now, to what extent the Yama Kings have
succeeded at subverting Shade Walkers, | don't
know. All | can say is that the danger is there.
This makes recruiting dhampyrs to our cause
that much more dangerous, but as | detailed
above, the risks are justified.

We just have to be vigilant. As always.

Jn CLosing...

| think that about covers everything | could
come up with. | hope it's useful to you.

By the way, | heard about what happened to
Kao Lang. My condolences. Still, | heard his sister
got away. | hope we can locate her. If she's
anything like Lang, we could really use her.
Lao Shang
BambooBoy@freenet.net


‘Cuapren One: Cxjipren oF Licht ano Darcness 3 _33

igs yn ss, err * ae
This letter is my responsibility and may have
been a mistake, tut it is time that you atl knovv the
truth. J hope it serves us tvell.

THe Finan TESTAMENT OF Jin Kaj Way

Dear Brother and Sietere, ~

Yoncall forgive me ton addrecsing yon en mages and th each a temiliar may, but ing thme ie chore. Gomme of yon may wot _~
Kron me peveonally, bat yon will czetainly have heard any vame, lam Tin Kai Ma, con d¢ Tir Yaar. Like yon, lam one of rhe
Shade Nalkere, probably the oldest of oar Kind, :

(am dying, '¢ only natural, (Kon, batt el ota al ayer 84 pear (am dying, (‘ve been
trotting around thie world tar tm long — ard no, a hl rest millennian (at least by the reckoning

of the Wsetern world), my time deans to a chee, LON mate

Veh yt veg delving ere aut content an a Falah tht but when
Hes vitalty begins to ade trom your linbe, yonsrovill ind comeont irons cerebral pareatts ony ee
coitroverey of any Kind, and my loyalty to my tathek as ungnestionéd, y
= Until one year ago thie very niokt.

On that nioht | as vieited fy a map who revealed the trath to me — the trath o¢ what | am, rola
Ht changed everything tor me, ab | Selec it uill tor yon. S

_ Ardoas athe fra breath eve na boy have travel, the ponent eect the hab-danwed Potlat =~
the krontedpe illeatdiewith.me, havecent ab many of yon a6 could bcate mthont alerting ny rather. ie setae indeed
that lam e0 trate, ad my words ard heed them. The oe of Sorron ie comita, sande t havea pt pl

No Sxapows jn Twilight

As yor krow, the oftteial history o¢ our Kid ia spares one, Oe parents' historical records make fem references
tons, eventhough we allkrom that dhampyre have accompanied Kaei-jtn tor millennia. The history o¢the dkampyre
(6 tnextnicably (ntertuined with that of oar fathers the Wan Kasi. After all, without the parent, there would rot
8 the child. While the roles that we dhampyre play inthe courts today are important once — intermmedianies,

intelligence gatherers, countene and even ageaseine — we are rorever werboked by the courte ue ene nee

= -

Cuaprer One: Cajoren oF Ligur ano Darcness a> : . - 34

n dealing wth paant (peers yon must have noticed that we datpiretonto mle Kauei-jtn vaguely
| ancomportable, eepesially the mandacins and ancestors, and even the landed Fodhicattras. Moet of the younger
Kauei-fin dont even know uhy oi Oho preeence makes a.6mall chill ran up Pheir epinee, why the gaze of eomething 69
| : inbiniticant ab a Shade Walk can mak ter dea Sood run cold. But | uo why.

Sins oF ' THE FaTwers: Tue Tujrp Acr-
Thousands of yeare ago, diving the Age of lade everything was te ite proper and anspicions place
in the world, The Wan Xian — the Tew Chonsand lmmortals — were thea guardiane of the mortal penples.
| The minions ¢ the Yama Kings were kept in check, and the, Mn Narensare that all was properly ordered
under Heaven, It mas a beanttrnl time. "oo ES
Fromtine to time one of the linenor tals (00k ahuman lover, oeSe ekild nas horn vith anion, They
Le iwore called the Tn Pai, the Golden Children, Remember thatname, tor wi are the Tn Pai bousseecors, While
"thee children 04 the Wan Xian were mortal, thetehalt-inmortal blood coald sxstain rhenidoe untold. SAntnnies,
and they were bleceed with powektnl [ree The Golten Lhildren were heroes to the perple, evermore 0 than
the Wan Xan-ineows ways. They were mortale after all, and walked among the people, not above
| The Golden Children were appalted hy the behavior of their divine panente asthe Yama Kings comrapting ine len
| Segan to attest them tonard the end ofthe Third Age. They bokeéd.on ix honear as their parents tauoht themeelvee
trip ht tvomthe eonleod ving creatures, ratherthan taking tin modsratton trom the world around them as the Anghet
Paneonage of Tad had intended, They watohed the 2906 und blodlast of the Wan Xian grow tt ‘

At tinet the Golden Childven attempted to.voice their concerns to their the Wan Xan dd vot lteten
tothe pleas of their "louly offepning "Ware they nt early gis! The ai i nt rwicated by thelr newfound,
sustenance, andthe proteetsot theirchildren tellipon deat ears. The Golden Children conld ve theirparente doundall
coming, and they could ao litte about i, except try to wepain the damage the Immortals anonaht.  diveat consiontation
seemed inpocsible, What mere the powers of the Tin Hai againet beings that were virtual deities themecee?

——— The Cuyoren's Revoir

The conunpt and dsepicable tehaviow of the Wax Xian continned throughout the Third Age: A¢ tht

depredations of the Chi-hangry linmortalesren wored, the Tin Hai could no pn Se en AE ap atter

their parents' depredations. Word ¢pread amon the boldenbhtlter, and they held aseoret meeting inasacned
‘Par thr

cave at the ase of Monn ascembled Children decided that the time had come to divestly
fan Xian with thelr dishonor in the face of Heaven, The Lhildven of the Ton Thousand Immortals
y would contvnt the mardaine ofthe Court of Mery, andi they could not make their parents Mater toone last

plea tor reason and honor, then the Tin Ha wonld oppoee the Wan Xian, * as

(t must have Geen an incredible sight: ‘the grandenr of ancient Mern, ‘the mandaring of the ~
court, contronted bf hundreds of their enraged o¢fepring outditted tor war, Bat all did not 90 a6
planned. Blinded by rage at this open defiance by thelevery oun children, the Wan Xian did the


35 @ Hair-Davneo: Duanpyr

angpenkasle, Riokt there, inthe sight of the Aagntt Fereonage 07 Jade, the lmmortale ¢lew their
children and feasted their Ohi; Ae bleseed by Heaven as they were, the Tin Hai righteons
fury was no match for the Woodlast of thetr dread parente. The Hood of the Golden Children
~ etnined the tiles of the palace of Meni red forevermore.
Heaven and Earth mept tor the Chilver. That parent dd wt =
boon after, the August Pérconage of Jade titally unleashed hie taryupon the evvant War Xian, Bat
it mas t00 (ate tor the Tin Hai: Only af4u who were arable to come to the sacred cave-and attend the
confrontation were spared, and many of them were ¢9 hooked by that had happened that they wished
they had died that day with their consine. Thats (att fen went tna hiding, a, a¥aid tor their lives even
<titten the August Fereonage hid punithed the Wan Xan, The presaibagt fhe thanpire pasced into
the mists of legend.

oa ‘hai ncsipomalidsainiinciar daeange
~—TheFagnet Pareonage ot Tad bonvee tranetormed the Wan Nan ntothe Wan Kael — the Gn Thoneand Devore,
The Keet-jin were foen, WN ong di they wali the eum and breath dooply vi the ht the wal aaa
mare licked in rotting cohpese, torced td eteal the Chi of atheve to enstain themeckes,
Besa": tiret dhampyr was born early tn the Fourth Age. Noone krone tte name ov ex. ite Kael-jir morheruas
oreveled bir the child that ha Killed it. But tt uae not the Last that the baby was half Kusicjin that 0

wepaleed her — it was the soul she saw within i. It was familiar Hogan he had borne
hile etill bleceed by Heaven, the Golder Dhild che had bratally 6latr# 2 7 of bloodlast.

Thie unsettling experience repeated (teal: time after time thronghoat the tollowing centuriee, a6 child
after child was born with the eonl of ong of the 6lain Tin Hal within if. Afver repeated birthe, the mandanine
dovbads the creation of children unttl the situation was resolved. =

At nas long after the cares uns levied Seznre achild mas allowed tv enbtive to adulthood, Gradually, ab they gre
farther and farther removed from thelr formerly bteceea exietence, the Wax Kuet loet the ability to recognize the

eonle 07 their dead children, tigation tenn arth hw eb

think that the reincarnations had stopped. g

Bat they didn't top. The mandarine viet spp Nps. ar

Each than bowctikFiagh. the oars has Forme the onl «Golden Child minh. Fick danger vend
Te astually that of one of hie predececeore, rebornin a hale-dead Fody. sey cee a eoale have cycled throngh,
mandated by Heaven to return and accompany thei parente. = ~~

Thit (¢ the woot of the Kasi-jin diedain tor dhampyre. The oldest tthe bohisal Peas remember the Tin
Hai, and thongh they cannot see the tonle of the children they callontly deetvoyed, they havent trasted
the dhampyrs sites. Perhaps they otill see the Golden Children in Hsin dreams a8 they collapee 9 onthe
Hloow othe palace of Mern — visions of thelr oun depravity haunting them for eternity.

ants

Chapren Ont: Crjupren oF Licut an Daacness @

(believe our parents are tscasionally rented olimpeoe o¢ what ie within ns as nel. They do wot kvow what
i about us that disturbs them. ee stares stem ¢0 ascnsatory. They cannot
fathom why they somnetionge teins

Why has Heaven detated rato ehall return millennitin We millenriaw? Parkape we, the hate
Walkers, represent a meseage trom the August et Parsonage of Tae. "Yon destroyed your oun children berore
and shall be contvonted with the consequences 0¢ that mietake over and iver again," Perhaps our conle are
neceseary in bome unkounmay toe the workings OF tha Hee of Sorrow, Ite un undeniable trath that there
are more dhtimpyre alive today than at any other time in our Phietore le that trnlya meaningless efatietic!

Supemg Tarouge to
‘i Chita, dhampyrs helped with the Scrivening daring the Fhany Do néth, We Hed the tall of that
a dynasty with our parente. We tought the minione of the demon hunter Yi, yet realized the wightemsnese of
héecanté and ultimately stood aside. That le why we can etill withstand the gaze ofthe Bye of Heaven while
oan parente cannot. Yer the memory rf our betrayal makee the ennlight uncomfortable t0
Shae Walker tried oath mer relatone betneen the carte ding the Han Dinas, Werodewith charoeK han
ard the Mongol, We watehed as the Western powers made their tet woves into Heit, sontenenctonuaeet
epics tr or masters We walked the Cong March wth Mag, >. pe
: Wherever the Kaei-jinhave been, the halt-damned have been.as well Witch hanoferpar

our only sin that 07 being Gorn, We are a conetant reminder of the ee fo valhasle to
Kill, (00 mach of a reminder to ackvonledre. :

\ Our Legacy

Where does thie eave wel —
Ae (eaid, ayear ago thirg wk nae ited by one wk ke alae, Secante he has accompanied nt abun thyoagh
Heeapee. nile cay hie name, bat he willdeodtteceviet others x yon inthe yearetocine, He has matched, and uatted, and dacited
——— that ib tine tor to ou what tn has dee wh weak Oar parents canvat tell us and would vat they could,
And ¢0 | leave my last teetament, 60 that yon, my brothers and sisters, may krow what we 7
are not just the halt-damned, we are aler?he half-bleeeed, We are the cha Nan Kian as wellas
the Wan Kael. On parents are nat jt monstars-bnitelGr one ho need ty be guided back home. IPie oun

daty vot to serve 0 it guile them, to help them ix their oun-redemption,
ie [pase beyond this lite and neturn tothe Great bysle — and hopetally a0 the ecoatice x4 the tom world,

leave thie, my lat at thote Talat Children who come actorng >>

at ep a scene agent / 5 as
io Al ae. .

Betjing, (8 Jane (499 ~ i SN.


Chapren One: Cujoren oF Light anp Darkness

——(5)»

Sin Yaar,

Lt wil come asne suacqrise fe you That L weite conceming the
mater e& your son Sin Kai Wac's deathbed leftfec. Ln the menth=
since your chiles aeath Chat daunable fext pas spread Car and wide,
and has-Lallen inte The hands e& many whe Sshewsd never have seen
&£. When L say fhe Bestowed bycester is angered by this Tam e&
evenfs; L am exercising the mest advanced Lom, e& uyderstare-
ment. Until this matlec i= vesetved, L advise you fe stay far away
rem, The Bleed Couct and Suard your daylight havens well.

Ve net<adl te act; hewever. Your couplacency allewed you fe wise
The treachery && your vexy own son as ff Lesfeved within your
house. Youwdll be held accountable; your actions new defeuucne what
fem, justice fakes in this case. You are quite Loxrtanarte that

Wy agent= in land peyend fhe August Comrs vepect that Sin
Kal wWad's crazed vanplings have Cowid a weceptive ear among The
mad and fhe indefent. hyacently, several e& the se-called maike
auens fhe Genli e& Jayan have velexved fe if in infexcetfed
communication. L alee have (fen seed authority that the lettec has
Lowid ite way fe the celaen Lien Canct; Which Swarms with Wilishle

in tong Keng, the situation is mest save. As you Knew, fhe
ame Court is still mstapvle despite eLonrs te eliminate the Kin-
len ence ander all. the vecent roplems with the akiuma Kae Lang
wight well have something te de with youc sen's own Tranesvres~
sions. the Bestowed Ancestor has made Lvex4 clear That we can
al akerd te see our chilacen and secvant= disanted 7 Sach
wicertacy times:

We wurst deal with fhe stfuation with the wlmest dispatch. The
assertions e& your mad child only sexve fe peisen eur chilaren
against us: Kl copies 0 This [efle MAST be Lowid and destroyed,
along with any whe have read éf. This heresy Wrst be Sfoyped. Yeu
wurst pe af fhe Lovecrent e& these veparation= E< 4ou hoje fe
survive anethec year Certainly, your actions new detecune
whether oc nett am, inclined te speak ou your pehale fe Lhe
ANCES.

De net compound your déshenec by<adling we. Te de se wewld seal
4OK Kafe.

— Lixia eu, Easfern Wave && fhe Efecnal Storm wa


Carter Two: Dean Aujve

39

NAPTER FW:

This chapter covers' all of the special rules for
running: dhampyrs in your Kindred of the East
chronicle, including details on character tréeation and
the'speciakjoss that pervades the daily existence of the
Ahampyrs This chapter uses the material on dhampyrs
previously presented in the Kindred of the East Com-
paniomas its basis, repeating and expanding on those
few pages-here for convettience. Keep in mind that
the Kindred of the East Companion tulés are the
"Quiékeand dirty" otfes, while the information pre-
sented here is considerably more detailed.

Maxjnc 4 Duampyr

The character creation process for-dhampyrs roughly
parallels that of Cathayans, but the Shade Walkers human
halfmakesfor some interesting differences: The table on pages
40-41 summarizes the entire process and the following
section providesyouwithall the salientdetails. Whendhampyr
cfeation doesn't differ.from ‘that for a KuBi-jin (or when the
differéncesare only minor) we only address those stages briefly.

Dhampyrs are assumed to be between 25 and 50 years
old when created. Ifyou want to make an older dhampyr,
you need to buy the Age'Background (see p.°57).

ting in a shintai sabiatted by your
(age in years/100, up). ° 4
Control the b Pecks togain

Use the half-dead form as a cold
death.

atai: Place the bodyin hdl with the
d it to your will,» j

F Shintai: Make ibe tae as pliable and
Bc we (cia ee shumors that govei . 4
igfire

ch
2 "any 5), ee © Ghost-Flame Shintai: Conjuring the shade-time

flame ofthe spirit'world.
 » Beast Assume control! oyer the wild

icetne of the ni
¢ Smoke Shintai: Move like wisps of smoke —
subtleand cloying.

re * Storm Shines: S Summon the fury of the heavens.

R Piostore (1), Hui
f-' ontrolly oss (Hu

e Fool: Your P'o Gieeets you ‘from. Ae true
Pe Posh favor of the easier way. ‘ee
‘The Legalist: Your P'o insists on rigid obedience
and even more rigid punishments.

ee *#Dhe Monkey: Your P'o is a <a creature

3 on preventing inner harmony. ‘ ‘ j
plave: Y wee you before graced wid ae Be experience —
- yours and gic possibly great power. P e


of some of your parents"
¢ Fame: You are a cé
nized in some.circles"at'
* Influence: ave sway it
* Jade Talisman: You possessa Chi-
-@ Magic Artifact: You pos
magical device. suite
‘° rom older dhampyr ora Kuei-jin watches
_ over and adviseSyou- ai |

¢ Nushi: A guardian spirit protects you.
Pe Regurces: You have mah and power.

© Retainers: A gents of various sorts ar inyouremploy.
© Rites: You have knowledgeof the social rituals of
the Kuet
98) SélControl:. Your ability to:réstrain, yourself
rf

in
‘ te
ae '* Conscience: The vo fsedéon,nolerance and

© from following theurges of others >: ar own dark
si Chg decri Yin Chi...
merey'w

* Courage: Your Pepa to' Fjeut fears and
‘overcome them. Courage determines dene Chi.

Freesje Pojnts
Trait Cost
Attribute 5 per dot
Ability 2 per dot
Discipline 10 per dot
Virtue 2 per dot
Humanity 1 per dot
Willpower 1 per dot
Active Joss 10 points
Joss Binding 10 points

like


Group Dynanijcs

Dhampyrsare usually loners, but for play purposes they need to be able to operate within a group of characters
There are two basic options when playing a dhampyr character: a mixed wu or an all-dhampyr group. The
Storyteller should decide, but each option has different implications for the dhampyr character(s)

* Option 1: One Among the Hungry Dead: Let's be honest — if you are playing a dhampyr in a group of
Kuei-jin, you probably have the weakest character in the group as far as raw power goes. That's just a fact. There
are a few ways around this, such as judicious buying of the Age Background, but in the end, the Kuei-jin are just
more powerful. Hopefully that shouldn't mean much. Dhampyrs are not meant to be all-out combat machines
— although they can still give lesser opponents a right pasting — and have lots of social benefits,

Playing a dhampyr in a wu of Kuei-jin is a leap of faith, and the Storyteller should respect that. The player
accepts the fact that his character will be less powerful when the Chi starts to fly — with the understanding that
he'll be able to shine at other times. The Storyteller — and the other players — must allow this to happen,
providing moments when daylight activities, being "beneath notice" and better contacts in the human world
actually provide a distinct advantage. Chronicles about chasing spirits through the Yang World just do not suit
dhampyr characters. In fact, if the chronicle is heading for an extended stay in the Mirror Lands or the Thousand
Hells, the Storyteller might want to encourage a dhampyr's player to give that character a hiatus until things
return to the material world.

With that consideration out of the way, getting a dhampyr intoa Kuei-jin chronicle is notall that difficult. Even
though they aren't as powerful as full Kuei-jin when it comes to Chi powers, their joss makes it possible for Shade
Walkers to try stuff that makes even the Gui Ren blanche (or would, were that possible). Properly played, adhampyt
can inject a great element of action and unpredictability into a game that might be getting a little stodgy

For instance, if your dhampyr has the Mentor Background, maybe one of the other players in the wx is his
patron. Or perhaps he has been assigned to the ww as an assistant by the mandarins of the court — or as a spy to
ensure that the Kuei-jin have not strayed from their path

Or, if your Storyteller is willing to go to the effort, your dhampyr can be a free agent who just happens to keep
getting mixed up in the Kuei-jin wu's business. Remember, a high Joss rating ensures yout life will be "interesting,"
so it's not that much of a stretch for your Shade Walker to keep falling into situations that bring her in contact
with the rest of the group

* Option 2: Five Halves Make a Whole: In terms of balance, an all-dhampyr group is easy to handle.
Everyone has the same basic capabilities, but using the Age Background, Disciplines and Joss, you can still end
up with a wide variety of abilities (and personalities, of course). The big hurdle here is the reason the group exists
at all; such groupings are very rare in the Middle Kingdom

The easiest option is to start such a chronicle in either Hong Kong or Singapore. These are the two hotspots
of dhampyric activity, with far more than their fair share of the half-damned. It would be very easy fora few local
dhampyrs to cooperate toward some common goal. With the Golden Lion Emperors trying to use Shade Walkers
against the penangallan of the Golden Courts, and the Quincunx still fighting over the fate of Hong Kong's Flame
Court, there are plenty of conflicts for such a group to become involved in

In more traditional areas, dhampyrs could congregate among the servants of a court or the Scarlet Screens
of the local vampires. As long as the characters are subtle about their association, they should escape notice
such is their lot, after all. But if the Kuei-jin catch sight of their "organizing," the dhampyrs are likely to be
reprimanded or recruited into another battle altogether.

One unique possibility for a dhampyr group exists: a family. Although such a situation would be e xceptional,
it isn't inconceivable for an especially Yang-addled Kuei-jin to have sired (or even given birth to) several children
over the last few centuries. As long as a few players purchase levels in Age, a group of half-siblings is very possible.

Strep One: Concerr How your dhampyr was brought.tip'shapes hér'life.
Whether the dhampyr's unnatural parémiplayed a-latge
part in his upbringing molds her attitudes andiprejudices.
It also affects how she sees herself — whether she isa

A clear concept for your dhampyr is absolutelycrucial
forshaping herintoafourided individual. Sirice dhampyrs
are not fully at the mtercy of theirhalf-damned nature, yoit
have to.define them a bit more clearly than. you would a
normal. Kueijin.¢harater.,Without the guiding fram
work of the Dharmas and ditections togive shapesto a
dhampyr, it Can sometimes,be hard to get a grasp on.a
Shade Walker's personality

mortal with a demon half or a demon who is half mortal

, Consider the\dhampyr's current relationship,
with Kuei-jin society#$shé a loyal seryantof his parent,
carrying out herwishes without question? Mas he seen the
wisdom of the Bamboo Princes ahd joined them? Has he


& *
tamed his back Grueffe Said put his talents
world?

* touse in the

* action, total
Most Ghampyieeven ese f anicti
courtytend to be loners. Neithér human
mort: like their parents, the
Shade Walkers usuall c themselves Gatghe between, tol things ime
its. A Ghampyr that igs like she's

} ais % i Tp eittes ie asily have skills thatonly the
5 oie: ote Tihios time to devel
3 Sn 3P/5:dotsjt0 spend ‘omithe
sig t lerey ;

fityd

Very, few Woow 6 are Ti 1

. parents hes eee ae every

\, upbringing; P'o that seethes ina
‘heart rebels against.the passive nature of th
Therdead half of. their souls usually keeps them"
indulging in the hedonistie style of Vivant O
apleast suffer inner turmoi it), and not v
@kampyrs are in cco with theirhumansi to be f.
oo tue Categivers.

Dhampyrs ‘Ofethe Sans ard ie on‘ i ; i ed ' ‘ AN

cerned with control and power. Autécrat,

Judge are Common Natures for»stich 7
lastic Shade Walkers e ee
asheimin, crosses al y ve : Wh ? P 4

much miore likely tobe Vi caplet ie 5 he k ol: 3
Dapeasth ofeihbaure tle pabll c person u oki Af

npletely up to, you. Overtheir long life

You must also. ibe aNature fory
\s Demon soul, her P'o. This is done just 7
ter, ee the implications ate slightly ~ 3 3 <
iittercat Th ‘Gonditions for Takeover" listed with sa 5 od hes fi . oKsi \
every P'o Rakes (see Kindred of the East, pp. 92% cere i: > ; bh.
93) won't come. into play, with a ‘dhampyr, since -art is #6 i
shadow $oul is only, possible on the brink of death. ©" Shaing
You (and your Storyteller) should pay Meieggion 8S
\these "Conditions, howeyer, for roleplaying hints.
Vox situations come up, the. P'o, writhes,
screams of Whispers i in the dhampyr's mind. Thishas
10 concrete game ffect, but it cath bervery discon-
sty oth BK

also learn Feng: Shu and‘Tzu Wei, > 9
detailed in. yhe Kindred of the East Companion: These»
Disciplines are extensions of mortal-mystic practices, and
dhampyrscan belquite skilled atghem; the halfdamned
can learn thes®arts up to level 5 just like a Kuei-jin. Nate
that Tzu,Wei can have a egal. dhampyrs'
inherent joss"(see p. a6): ~
Some dhampyrs‘c Poactitita: on honing heis skills®
+ and physique instead of learning the ways of Chi. Your
character can forge havitg training in any Disciplines if
take this option, You may spend)an
1-19 freebie points. In this cate,"you obviously

e

yf * Fe. &

Hair-Darup: Duanorr

The life of ke halfdamn is seldom even fectaly

1

_normal. The i i Se ral pare! Free
"can ipstae i / ere
ite for Can < e "te '

loroscope (sin r dit

4 Dharma, itwould
© and Rites Back,

é pr h
wari

for Spgs in
all the backing
4g lurking around Kuei-jin society:

ean
© Nushi: ‘Dhaimpyrs % are pec
| part in guanxi (however rare it is that
/are invite to join. wu), Sothey too can‘ co
their wu'sNushi Background. The points that dhonpae

contribute, however, count as only halfthe nofmal points
(round up), reflecting their tenuous the. spirit

by world. Anyspiritual bond is inal ie en

ae ._ who wants to Sutvive inthe cdurts, sy. ~.

bs se \ @ Rites: Dhampyrs cannot'enact mystical rites be-
¥ >,

caitse they lack thé Kuéi-jin's inherent toChi

» «jingdhampyrs can start play with a Willpower lower than 5.

A dkampyr'sstarting Willpower is equal to his Courage
ratingand cantberaised in the normal manner. Unlike Kuei-

Srep Five: Finysiing Toucues

The last step involves recording various dent ae rat-
freebie points and determining Merits and
is using them), The table on page 41._

ie points
npyr @haracter has 2 Joa it tied to her ae
ity. pba poe ofroinas towed Day agate

ss

Traits
re on the Mectlon saesotarh
ano Flaws

downs of dhampyric hit are dite
Hungry Dead, although, they, obviously»

in common. You have to adhere to the | 4
lowed Merits and Flaws with dhampyp "

n Serbe tak Pe. Pot
Child, aT Consumption, Disease Carrier,
of th nned, Repelled By.Crosses, Touchiof =

hampyr characters-also, cannot tak
0 ors Flaws fom

Can' t Cross Running Water, CastNo

indithe spirit realms. They'¢an- however participate in
tites and ceremonies. You

<a

Nifor heimin characters) or Embrace the ag s
mon Fe ‘elder dhamp'

r meee oe a sine jot

more Wil

‘Dhamp i
their Kuei4 np A starting hatdamned
gets one free dot in ConscienceySelf-Control and Cours
age, and!seven. poirits to distribute athong them. Addicg
‘tional points canbe bought with freebie points as normal.
"© .S© Keep lin mind thaethe Virtues determine both your
character' Chi. levels "and Humanity: (whieh in <a
determines her Joss):

"Humanity & Wiupower
__£A dhampyr'sStarting pie is pe to the total
@ ofherSelf-C Laid Cou:
of (10- [P'o+ Age]). idieutang
at a costof one freebie point per dot.
J

tied be purchased

mak Sypris Darden Ni
sgood. choices om '
~ Dhampyrs alo have some problems.and

_, The Pots Sean or Hau

purchase the Rites: The Akuma‘Flaw is also een
nofmal but ie oF Oe as traitors seldom live very lange ~
8, such as The Way of the Lone Wal Most of therécommended Merits and Flaws(

tnlieet 2 94) apply to Shade Walkers as

"Now that youthave assignedall yall the digi

can do, it'stime tocons
the little things thar TaiNainehe life" ;

What does yourcharacterlooklike? Howdoe
Does she stand out in a crowd ofnorm I

Se

can come up with will help you portray your cha wrens
are a few questions 6 consider during the phalatle:
* How,old were-you when you "came of age?"
How old are you now? What was your J : '
= *

with the supernatural?
When a dhampyr comes of age Tite Be how they,
eventually, tum, out. Have you jlist entered the world of

~

Caaren Two: Dean Aujve

45

Eta: " vo Ki parents. usually ©
ey is shel 2] ines than'their brethten, but

are.often muchgmore in touch with the higher
* goings on of yurts. Such dhampyrs may also
a somewhat stronger connection to. the

supernatural . This upbringing raises
al fi interesti questions for the characger's
zs rents getalong? Does she feel

superior to otl Pyts: because she isthechild

Kuei. about irigs'and take
ok at the suggested oe and Back-
is when making your dhampyr:

~~ Suggested..Merits?" ei saa icodey
"Dhitmic Schooling "
Suggested Flaws:
‘Strong P'o, Sun Allergy
Sug: "5 Steet 6 Face, se
tor, -, Rites - ae

sheffted Upsititeine:

the Kuei-jiftWorsvere yo raisedewithin it? How long has
your dhampyr been alive? Has he lived beyond.a normal
lifespan without realizing who and-what he is?

* What role did yourjKuei-jin parent(s) play in
your\upbringing?

Not all Kuei-jin take a'large part in their offspring's
upbringing. Some leave the dhampyr to trugtéd Searlet
Screens or mortals held loyal with the chains 6f Obliga-
tion: Others don't even know about their childten;
allowing the dhampyr.to ‘grow up in a fairly. normal
ehvironment. Did your Kuet-jin'parent raise you at all?
DoYou/even know who-he (or she) is? If-se;-has he
atknowledged you? How do you feel abouta parent wite
is a bldodsucking morister?

How has your experience with your P'o shaped you?

Every dhampyr"grows tip with a little voice in her
head, telling her she's not good enough, that no one really
loves het, urging her toward horrible deeds and actions.
Most dhampyrs resistithe urges of the P'oybut that doesn't
mean there aren't' profound:psychological effects. (The
P'oresists™Virtue rolls, xemember, which' means the
dhatiipy?'s impulse control is less than perfect.)

What is yOur-telationship with your P'o like? How
haVe youcome to term$ with the Demon in your head? Do
yow occasionally givein toitte keep it quiet? Or have'you
suppressed it as much as possiblé;watching all your own
actiOns,for signs of the:beast's influénce? Do you See the
P'o as @ part. of 'you Or.as an outside influence? Have you
been through therapy? Has your relationship with: your
P'o affected the way. you relate to-othefs?

What part.has your amazing joss (both good and
bad) played in Your life?

Joss can be 4 double-edged sword. While it usually
means good:fortune for your dhampyr, it also,macans
that peacesand quiet are hard commodities to come
by. How do your perceive your joss = if you/pefceive
it at all? Are the forces of foftune a palpable part of
your life, or do you'fust take them for granted as part
ofthe way the world works? If you have/the Tainted
Joss Flaw (seep. 59), whar kind of terrible things have
happened to the-people around yowas.atonsequence
of Your own gad fortune?.Do you sometimes 1o6k-at
your-"g6od" luck as-a Curse?

*Do you. align yotrself more closely with the
mortal or the supernatural world?

Dhampyrs "are degideédly caught between' two
worlds. Most of the*time;*one Of*their parents is a
normal human while the other is a supernatural mon-
strosity. At some point in theigf upbrifging, most
dhampyrs decide (consciously ornot) which side they
align themselyé$ with most, Do you see yourself as a
monster withea human half or a'human) with,a mon-
stroushalf™iDo you try to'emulate the world ofimortals
as much'as you can,evén as*you;stalk the night-with
thé*Kitei-jin? Have you turned:your back on your
humanity altogether, embracing the Demon in your
soulland treating hamansas nothing more than sources
of'cheap, fast Chi?

Duampyr Parentace
Kuei-jin can only viably mate with humans or
other Kuei-jin. While it may be possible (if rather
repellent) for Kuei-jin to have sex with othershen,
only pairings with mortals or other Hungry Dead
produce offspring
Basically,

of any special parentage. The power of the Kuei-

thampyrs are dhampyrs regardless

jin blood either overwhelms any other inherited
spiritual componentor kills the child in the womb
So mortals touched by other supernatural cr

tures — ghouls, kinfolk and the rest of the men

erie — can usually have a child with a Cathayan,

but that child is a "normal" dhampyr. No extra
perks, except perha
tion from a powerful g

»s for some unwanted atten:
andparent

Dhampyrs can only have children with nor-
mal humans — even other dhampyrs won't do.
Shade Walkers need the life-force of a fully living
partner if they want to be fruitful and multiply

While the child of a dhampyr is fully mortal,
luck. In

ame terms, such mortals have limited access to

they tend to have some pretty strange

the joss that most dhampyrs possess. See page 55
for more details.


Roe " Kuei-ji On mepebih as lof ea
, uel-jiN parents, e point heals one level ar.
% AND Sous +t damage, whiléittakes five Chi points to repair aggravated
. though' they. are undetectable to normal'sci- . damage. Keep in mind that.when repairing aggravated
/encey there is a lot'more to the half-damned.then fheets* damage, the dhampyr still suffers the bashing damage for
OW. > C the eye:Below are the system details on what separatesthe . spending more than two points of Chi (see:below), This
Shade Walkers from the egest of humanity, as wellas some _ may seem harsh, but it's better to pass out than t A
notes-o1 this ‘affects the way that the-half- D |

B siapeeat, breathe —
ssities: A doctor examining a dhamp
ifference between the Sica .
being. Still;.dhampyrs.are, almost always
ical specimens} and have keen/senses a

vitaliy: makes it fare
"ptheir bodies and minds. y MOR "
Ly Dhampyrs have the same pulpit fet levelsas "
normal mortals and'take damage nogmally from ba'

attacks. They can stand up to a lot more physical pun
mentthan a humambeingsin.addition to soaking bas
damage, dhampyrs can also tty to soak lethal damage.
Firearms cause lethal damage fo a dhampyr,-not bashing
damage (as for a Cathayan). Espedilly old
r physically weaker and have erhealth.
: ‘iy Age Background:on page oe Th...
.. Another byproduct of the dhampyr's strange physiol-
1a is a complete immunity to all normal diseases. A
ampyr pet age the Ebola virus and it wouldn't

ing to her, Any bacteria or Vi teri 4
e's body ot killed fp kt immtine system, As tough as'theysare, theré are dow

inable tovinfect the half-dead tissiie. ‘Dames any The Shade Walkers' vampi

arriers of diseAse. ~rmxi themjuseas vulnerable to magic? ai
ftect dhampyrsjustlike mortals butthedhanipyr as their Cathayan parents. Dam
damage just like any other lethal damage) ==

*h
i

—_ | ~ While thé suis positively deadly toKue
As s) massive ‘blood loss): tfatima"and* mote forgivingfortheir alf-damned childre

‘shock can kill dhampyrs, HéWever, they are half-dead" don't getdrowsy during the day and take no

Z a0 ifé. exposure to the sun be yond

eady and are therefore less:
doesn't mean.that dhampyrs like th

= they have. If a dhampyr is me déetieallroer Shells
tated healthylevel by lethal damage, r should don'tcall them
immediately make'a Stamina roll (difficulty ) Failure adhampytya sufilit da
means the half-damned departs the mortal coil just likea' Heaven glaring down
normal human would. Ifthe roll issuccessful, the dhampyr™ rays of the sun make a dhamy
manages tokeepasteely grip on lifeandremainsIncapaci- toil as the bestial P'o squirms
tated. Further lethaldamage provokes another such test, growing louder and more insistent.
but ahy aggravated damage beyond Incapacitated kills a As result; the half-damned are at a
dhampyr without such a test. »." when in sunlight. Dhampyrs bathing in the rays of the B 7
¥ of Heaven suffer Humanity limits toall.their dicé pools =
HEALING — , i 4 just like Kin-jin operatingiduring daylight hotits thei
* When it contiés to healirigdamage,adhampyrigets the maximum dice pool iqual'to theit Humariity. Phi only
"best of both worlds. Half-damned heal normally like'mor- applies to actually standing in the direct rays of the sun, ao
tals, but can also spend Chi to heal wounds just like their Even standing under the shaded eaves of a porch are

j

4 » .

& —— 5
Carrer Two: Dean Aajve Cg YJ
Fa "T
enough to eliminaté this penalty. Someé'rare dhampyrs
manifest a bit more,of @teaction td the suf, their\skin
blistering and peeling under its rays: Obviously, dhampyrs"
operate normallyt night, and most prefersto see stars in
the sky father tharthe flaming Eyelof Heaven. | =
—— oe

\ ey sternal
Dhampjrs are not immortal creatutes, They are born,
they live theirlivesand they di eventually. One benefi
(or disadvantage) of the d yyr's half-breed ‘heritage,
however, isa greatly extended lifespan. Th¢ d

average Shade~
Walker easily Gutlives everyone he kn
Fi all of their child:
half

The

suffer the effectsiof
age. Ofcourse, mostelderly:
Disciplines and skills to eon

Conmjng oF Ace

A dhampyr's unnatural metabolism usuallyikicks in
during his early twerities. Barring accidental (or, inten-
tional) death Sry e0 the half-damned fa :
Agok forward to 300 or 400 years of actiyity and health: i
Qceasidnally the aging process doesn't slow until much» fy
‘Vater' inothe normal "mortal? spans » Thisy shortens the
dhampyr's life'€xpectancy significantly. 9 1 * y.
The few Kuei-jin bothering to study the
"over the'years have found that.it' e
whenta dhampyr child willome of age (intl
4 ) by studying the astrological'@ondittons
se few usil thislphowledfe ve beet
their offspring at especially-auspiciotls momer
ge a strong relationship,with them. ,
ious to thiS.coming of age, dhampyrs can't eee
ers that require conseious use. Active use 4 thin
joss just aren't possible. Tee snseigul aspects thatimest implacabl
pyr's powers — Passive Joss, ur ious use Of Chi Assia
for healing and soon still function normally, hove
A starting dhampyr character, is-assurned to havé 1!
already jeome of age, so aging teally|won't have much + pecially fear of.
effect on her, other'than limiting how proficient with aggrava ed dainal v "and, Additionally, \
Kuei-jin Disciplines she Can become. (See below). Fo aged-dhampyrs qui become dependent (atleast. "Sey
more details on the effects of age on the half-damned, see , Psychologically onthe! Chitoproréctandsustainthem.
the Age Background (pe 57). ES Elderly dhainpyrs are quite powerful (perhaps even
i more so than astafting Ku !) but are often self-serving,
The Ravaces or Time cqwards. They have to be cajoled orthteatened into taking
© Contipiared to humans, dhampyrslive along timie—and " any action that pilts tHem in direct personal danger. This' 4»
they tend to get-arlittle erratic as the decades pass. To be © tan'make for some entertaining roleplaying situatiotis.«
shonestymot many makeit.to their later years: A dhampyr's >. It's possible to play an older dhangpyr if you buy the
"phignomenal luck often leadshimii toahigh-velocitylifestyle . Age Background described on ae d .
which often comes to a fatal entwhen his luck runs out. ce
: pyrs makingfit beyond their 250th year tend to, Virtues T4 peipe Wai: ‘
become more and more obsessed with. ii mortal, + While dhampyrs are Saddled with a P'o, they.are close

they. age. Mahy consuitie
tching ways to eXte}

ity. While they are still incredibly vital and active; they. enough to theif humanity that they\retain the normal
can feel their half-mortal shells gradually
‘ * & dees ws) *

H ah ae © : , -

ing away as - -riéftal Mines of Conscience, Self-Controtand Courage.


Hair-Dannen: Duanpyr

‘A fulldescription of these Traits' psychological, meaning
appears in Vampire: The Masquerade (pp. 133-134), but
they have a larger significance. for dhampyrs.

Eonseience is the closest thing toa Kuei-jin's Hufsoul
and dhampyrs' players -should roll Conscience *for any
check that would requitea Hun roll fora Kuei-jin charac-
ter. Similarly;the ther Virtues serve'the dhampyr when.
using Chi orothéraspectsoftheir Kuei-jin nature: UseSelf-
Gontrol for anyycheck that wouldtequire ‘a Kuei-jit to
make a Yin toll; and/Céurage for any check that would
require.a-Kuei-jin-to@make ag¥ang roll. Self-Control and
Courage also determniné the dhampyr's access to Chi to fuel
Disciplines or healing (see "Dhampyrsiand Chi," p.50).

Dhampyss do bear the P'o of their Kuei-jif parents.
Among other things, the P'o weakens the dhampyr's
resolyes Whenever the player'must make a Conscience,
Sel€G@6ntrol or Courageroll, the rollis resisted bythe P'6.
This makes Virtue rolls Vétyeuncertain, for.dhampyrs,
although they are still more stable than theHungry Dead.

See"The Devil Inside" below, for a full discussion of.
the half-damned's Demon soul.

Humanjty

While true Cathayans*are:divorced from most moral
concerns, dhampyrsare notso "lucky." The half-damned have
to abide by the dictates of,their human consciences, growing
closer to their human side through ‘human actionsand:es-
tranged from it through monstrous Ones, Dhampyrs need to
make Humanity tests just' like mortals or Kifejin;-and-are
Subject toall of the sotial consequences of low Humanity (see
Vampiré: The'Masquerade, pp. 134-136 ). Also, like other
mortals, dhampyrs cannever lose their last pointof Humanity.

Aedhampyr's Humanity also limits howemuch access
Shehas to her personal joss. The farthet the Shade Walker
strays from her human heritage, the less the. forceS"6f
fortune'smile upon her. See pagés:54-57 for the lowdown
on dhampyric joss.

The dhampyr's half-Cathayan. blodd prevents her
from ever being fully in touch with her human side. Eaéh
point of permanent P'o subtracts [from the dhampyr's
maximum Humanity. Thetefore, adhaiiipyr's Humanity
‘can never be greater than 9 (10 - P'point of P'o)-

Tue Devjt jnsjpe

The dhampyr's P'o is a poor cofisitt to the beast that
dwells within each Kuei-jin. Where a Cathayan's Po isa
constantpresencé waiting toSeize control at any opportels
hity, a dhampyr's P'o is a voice in the back,ofhis head,
egging the Shade Walker on fo Horrible deeds. The
presence of the P'oiis part of what makes thé dhampyr who
he is. In game terms, every dhampyr starts with a Po of at
least one, possiblymore depending on what Flaws the
player chooses during character creation.

Because of: the' weakness of the P'o, dhampyrs are
resistant to many of its,effects — but perhaps noras fully as
their parents may have'raiséd thém to believe. The Kuei-

@

Coming Back
Dhampyrs die. It takes a lot more damage or time
the jot
dhampyr hasn't been feeding her P'o in life,

joule Pitiae de ddetharpen eAaunineithe
death
takes its normal course. The dhampyr is no more or
less likely to end up in Yomi or take the Second
Breath than a human: Their own sins, resolve

Jepravit

and
determine that

On the other hand, if a dhampyr's P'o has grown
and prospered, then death isn't all it's crack
be. The souls of dhampyrs dying with a P'o score of
are likely to attract the Yama King:
through their wickedness and ride straight down to

d up to
three or more

the Yomi World for a leisurely period of hellish
torment. These swollen P'o souls, however, may well
be strong enough to claw themselves back out of Hell
and take the Second Breath

If a dhampyr has a P'o score of 3 or 4 when she
dies, the player should make a P'o check (difficulty
8). Willpower can't be spent on the roll (after all,
the character is dead). Success grants another life

s one of the Hungry Dead. If the character's P'o

score has reached level 5, don't even bother to roll
The soul is definitely on the expressway back to the
Middle Kingdom.

The dhampyr's previous experience really doesn't
cushion her for the return journey, . Shade
Walkers have to go through the chih-mei stage and all
the rest of the unpleasantness associated with taking

thou;

the Second Breath. In game terms, Nature and De-
meanor can shift, but P'o Nature remains the same.
What's more, the returned Shade Walker is cut off from
the joss that served her in life. She retains some measure

of the Disciplines she developed but the trip to Yomi

scars the soul. Subtract one dot from each Discipline to
piritual disruption of the trip. If thisreduces
e it. Death's a bitch.

reflect the
an ability t

jin, used to battling the fierce beasts inside them, find it
hard to believe ‘thar the withered) Demon=inside their
children-could ever constitute a real threat. Most of the
time they are*correct and,an attentive and disciplined
Shade'Walkerhas little to fear from her P'o, But the P'o of
a Twilight Child is capable of taking control under veryrare
‘Cineumstanices. See "Shadow Soul" (p. 49), for details.
The P'o canstill driveadhampyr to either wave or fire
soul as with Kuei-jin; but Shade Walkers.don't have to
worry about "harnessing" the P'o when they invoke De-
mon Arts. The very fact thatthe dhampyrhas a P'o means
that they can tap intoiits powers, however. Dhampyrs can
use most of the same Po abilities that Kuei-jin can,
including invoking a berserk rage, resisting:magical mind
control, growing fangs and using Demon Chi? They can
only, spend one poinfof Demon Chi pertutn, however.
Even thoughiit‘is (usudlly) incapable of takingjeon
trol of the dhampyr's body, thesinister voice of the P'o


&
. Casprer Two: Dean Auive

3

x |
\ 4

does have its say.  Whenever.a. Shade Walker attempts a

/® Virtuecheck, th€P'oisright there opposing it. It whispers

‘of fear when Courage is called for, of unbridled indulgence

in thé face of: Self-Control, "of thoughtless action instead

© ofheedifig Conscience. Ifthe dhampyr givesin and listens
to the P'o, the' results can be.spiritually devastating.

Intgames PS soul opposes any Virtue roll

that the'dhampyr has'to'make. The Storyteller rolls the

dhampyr's Ps rating (difficulty 6). Each success that the.

P'o garners removes one of the dhampyr's successes. Ifthe *

dhampyrd "t get any successes; then she loses a point
of Will as the his yoice of the P'o' erodes her
confident (Not | state rolls aré already contests
between P one of the Virtues and aren't any
different for: the P' '9'does not gettwo rolls.)

Ifa d rstraystoo fart fromherh the
Demon within' grows stronger. Ifthe yr gives in

_to the impulses of the P'o, it becomes. more powerful,

_) eventually damning the sone of the

©. Hungry Dead. Any time a dhampyr bot

\, xroll, she gains a pointof P'o. This also lowers: ‘imum
‘Humanity (and by-extension, her Joss rating). pyt
withthree or more dotSof P'o when hedieshasapretty good
shrance of coming back as afull Kuei-jin-

"can also-help, determine how'the dhampyr's demon form
looks if she leartis Demon Shintai: Oe a

Yhampyrs use Willpower} just like ae f jin, wh
re powering Disciplines, resisting |
I, or pushing themsélves to the peak of ha

ce. A Shade Walker's starting ri
his Courage. . $ 2
half-dead blood of te dhampyrs also 1

sistant to any effect oP power that is less
t Superttacuyal targets: i

ut States

» Dhampyrs are subject.to the samé Soll t states as their
unlivingparents— —although their weak P'ousually means
they have ‘ess trouble retaining control of themselves. _
Wind soul is the default state for dhampyrs, as it is wil
Kuei-jing The dhampyr is fully in control of herself,
"mistress of her passions and fears and notthe subject

} them while in wind soul.
-) Rire Sou
. \A sufficiently threatened, humiliated, hung ‘pas-
nooner just plain pi ff ssethoff dhampyrcan lapse into the

ss and brutal rage offire wh Sey just likea Kueiajin. All
‘the things that could provoke aKuei-jin into fire soul

Wave Sout.

a Conscience ;

~ A dhampyr still needs'to pick a Nature for her Prog .
whith Should determine the content of P'o's whispers. It.

Ey

the ovérwhelming terror of wave soul. Fite.can pro
wave soul in' dhampyrs.just as in Kuéi-jin, as
presence of & stron'démonic f force:such as @Y¥ama ]
Acsufficiently powerful Kuei-jin might be able to pro'
wave soul in a half-damned as well — e:
yr was raisedoutside of the courts. Elderlydhampyrs
‘often mde vulnerable to wave soul than their yi younger
‘cousins' (see ps #58). Ps
‘The gaze of the Eye of Heaven does notprovoke wave
soul for the Shade Walkers. They may not be attheir best a

under the sun'sgaze (as mentioned ey "since its
don't rot them to pieces inside a few minutes; they
dort ‘fear it like their unliving parents do.
~ Wave soul iS resisted With Capen Yane. eo
Other than that, fe ogee ly tike ful uei-jin,
indo oh ts f AZ
The weak P. Fhe sna Need deditenine toe
"the effects of. gee? lips widen ere is ae

the dhampyr's P'
aShade Walkerisa
teeterson the brink of dea
‘those who' harmed hixt, ¥
‘is resist the siren of death —
i, ial mite pet: oN
ded béyondInca-

achance to give up

the, P'o's voice
mpyr a Way Out

in which

aif thedhamp' ES the heen the
"dhampyr's P'o an iately jumps one-point, and }

=the baleful energy of the P'o's.growth heals the Shade
alkeP back

1oCrippled (eS affects lethal and'
aggravated damagealike)/Ph ‘dhampyr also slips intoa
special brand of sI soul, moreterrifying even than =
that of a Kuei-jin: She'suffets no'Wound penalties as if

she Were in fire'soul; she may also,freely spend Chi to

heal damage (as a reflexive action without having to be
inactive and ignoring the standard-one-per-turn cap on

Chi expenditure). The dhampyg-also raises her Black
Wind Discipline tora level equal to her P'o score for the
duration of the frenzy — ifshe doesn'phaye Black Wind,

she gains it femporarily: ,

This aggravated state remains in effect for a full"

scene; with the P'6 firsteseeking immediate retribu-

tion against those who hearly killed its host and then
pursuing. its wn twisted goals. A the end of the
sééfe, the special benefits of this stare subside, and

50

the dhampyr can attempt td regain control: Todo so,
she rolls Self-Control, opposed by the (new stronger)
Blovas usual (wound penalties affect neither side-for
Ahiscoll). The difficulty forthis roll is6. Lfthe P'@gets
successes equal to or greater than the dhampyr's, the
P'o remains in control,of the body for a number of
hours equal to-itsilevel-

Shadow: séul<eanbe-arshattering experienc for_a
dhampyr, especially as they are given little/preparationin
their upbringing fot wharéan happen when the Demon
takes control. As Kuei@jin, all dhampyrs gain'a Derange-
ment in the wake,6f submersion in shadow soul

Tue Duarmas

Dhampyrs¢annot gain any spiritual bénefit from the
Dharmié paths, even if they somehowsbegome. familiar
wielihieir precepts andmethods. This.isn't because ofany.
sort of failing on the dhaftipyrspart; the fact is thatthe.
Shade' Walkers don't need Dharmas, Theitsouls are their
own, free of the karmic taint that damns their parents:

This fact is lost on most Kuei-jit —as well as:on a
good deal of dhamipyrs.

Duampyrs anp Cr TS
In tefms of Chi, dhampyrs sharepa_lot more-with
enlightened mortals like the Shihthanwith their Kuei-

jin parents. As most mortalsdo,dhampyrs have @ totalof
10 Chi points‘intheir body, 5 Yin and 5 Yang. However,
they can't'access all of it like Kyei-jin can. As with the
Shih,*the amotine of personal Chi that a dhampyr cah
access isalefermined By het Vigcrues. A: dhagnpyr's: Selip
Control'determines the amount of ‘Yin' Chi_acééssible,
fand Courage determines Yang Chi.
*sA-dhampyrshuman soul keeps her from being able to
channel Chi asfully as aKuei-jin. Dhampyrs can only call
‘ona single pointof Chi (of any type) per turn. Chi powers
ing more than onepointofChican still be used, but
thedhampyr has t6spread the Chi¢ostoutactoss multiple
tounds/The power takes effect when the final point of Chi
i8spent. Some powers, like Demon Shinai, already take
multiple rounds to take effect. These function as normal
for dhampyrs. In case there is a discrepancy between the
humber.of turns a power takes to activafeand thenumber
ofturnsit wouldtakea dhampyrto spend that Chi, use the

‘ongen.of the rwo.

While. dhampyrs aréquite a bit more resilient than
mortals, using Chi stil] takes'a lot out of them. For every
two points of Chi (of any type).a dhampyr expends ina
sceneyshetakes one level of bashing damage. This can be
soaked as normal.

Dhampyrs can‘corivert dhe type-of Chi into another
at a cost of twoto One! This is the Only safe way thata


Charen Twot Budo Auyvt

rial

dhampyr can end up'Spending more of a particular typeof
Chi than' their"Virtues"allow (for anv unsafe ways see
below); Remémbersthat a dhampyr'can only spend one
point'of Chi per tit, so it takes two turns to-produice one
point of convertéd'Chi. *

Ghiin excess of her' Virtue ratings issometimies acces-
sible to. dhambpyr, but the Cost can be very high. Drawing
on those reserves takeS"a'Stamina roll (difficulty 9),'with
each success garnering an additional point of Chi, up toa,
maximunt

"of. 5°- the appropriate Virtue. Botching the
Stamina roll results in a nasty Chi backlash. The dhampyr
takes an health levels of lethal damageequal to 5 -
the app: te Virtue; these cannot soaked. Play with fire
and get burned. «© ~~ ° | : "

Denon Cup oe NT
F A dhampye's P'oalsO gives him ctese mon Chi;
as mentioned before. Demon Chi functiéns for dhampyrs
exactly as for Kuei-jin, subject togthe Chi channeling
restrictions mentioned above" }

Because of the weakness 6f their! P%

x

hid "
+

2

converting either. Yin-or Yang-Chi into, Demon'Chi,
effectively feeding the energy to the P'o"Yinvand Yang

onsen corrupted in'some
ay or hengeyokai consumed by the Centi
d she takes one level of aggra
the digestion). if

e can choose which, type of Chi they wish to

onoaperst character's re a
dhampyrs can also. attempt the rather perilowtask of *tollsasinglédie (difficulty 6). Ifhesucceeds, thedhai

¢Chi convert to Demon Chi at the normal rate of two toss

‘orce Zero oggen
l, alagoueh ey.often havea lot more to say about the issue

fashion, ike

le (the Wyrm) is pretty, unpleasant mpyr gains
h ‘the creature eaten (corruption

wated damage'perh

wretaa Babsor

one. When as) Walker doesthis, makéa Conscience
roll. Failure restilts in a loss of Hunianity, ahd a botch,
resuiltsin gaining a P'S:point. é

Dhampyrs can, regain'@hi-just like other mortals, by
resting. For every hour of complete' rest — that me ans NO .
strenuous activity~physical or "mental —= ener
regains one point ofChisUnlikenormalmortals,dhampyrs
in, up to.
the: maximums dictated by their Virtues. This time spent»
resting counts toward healing damage as well. S

Meditation can speéd up the vice of Ghirege s
‘required for this is some

tion for a dhampyr..All that's
péace and quiet afid'a Stamina + Mediration coll ((diffi-
single: success, the

calty 6). If the player getsyeven'
dhampyr-tegains Chi at double-the-normal Speed (two ~
"points per hourinstead.of just one). A
\~ Dhfamipyrs also regain Demon Chi, bur they get it
back more slowly than Kuei-jin: Tae than rolling the
at sundown, adhampyr'splayer only
edhampyr=
gle point of Demon Chi-Ifnot, he > Wait
d hope for better luck..Medita-

until then

da ight overlook
sed to lookithe other way when"
d himself ina situazion,where a feast

ts, imbued characters from Hunter: The

Lhiiman's does, but the dhampyr can

elose bond tothe forces of life. Adhampyr
the Chiit's going to givehereie~

too rarefied a substéince for dfiampyrs

"sti
pother shen — doesn't net any,
d, however, so drinkingVitaécan restore
rb'Chi from blood. Dhampyrs drinking
some ghouls. Dhampyrs also can't be

he flesh of aan recspider, a true

ae

‘ths or the


Hair-Danne: Duanpyr

Consuming Passion

Dhampyrs serving the Quincunx or the other
courts are pretty unlikely to chow n human
flesh. Most would probably rather

arms off than stoop to the level of ¢

their
i just tc
some fast and easy Chi. In some of the more reac-
tionary courts (like the

Courts), eating flesh might even be enough to get

mon-hunting Golden

them branded akuma

Jiscriminat
ible tc
find out,

Independent dhampyrs can be
ing. Most don'
Chi by eating human flesh

sven know that it's regain
but when they
all too many are anxious for their first taste

Dhampyrs corrupted by the Yama Kings have
absolutely no problem eating their own. In fact, these

akuma probably prefer to regain Chi in this manner

Ulike-the Shih, dari pyucathnosgesin- Chi' by

fulfilling their Natures (see World of Darkness: Demon
Hunter X). However, they-can regain Joss by doing-so-
Seap&e 57 fonglore devas

4 Taste ror Morrais

There'is another much more gruesome method for
the halfsdamned to regain Chi. Although the dRampyrs
are too "spiritually stunted" (they.prefer to phrase "too
human") to absorb Chi from blood, bréath-or'the!world
around them, they can gain it ftom the most basic source:
mértal flesh. Each health level eaten froma victim ‘re-
Storés one_point'of Chi, along-with one level of-any
unhealed bashing damage stemming from Chi use.

The dhampyr's less sophisticated<ability"to, process,

Chi limits what,kind they can"absorb frem_a Vietim,:

however. ‘Living victims"Only.offer up. Yang Chi, toga
dhampyt, while cold cotpses only offer Yin=@nly' freshly
dead (less than four hours old) corpse offers a dhaitipyr.a
choice of what-Chi he wants to ingest.

Players whose dhampyts régain-Chi in thistmanner
must succeed on'make a Conscience roll-(difficulty 8) or
cough up a point of HumanitysDon‘tforger that the half
damned's P'o rolls againsethem-in this test: If the player
botches the Conscience roll, hereharacter intmediately
picks up a.point of P'o as the-beast.within tevels. in
cannibalistic depravity.

Tue HUNGER

Running low on Chi is adangerous préposition for
a'dhampyt, even m6réso than fora Kuei-jin. The P'o's
whispers gain power and focus, driving" the Shade
Walker to seek out an easy source of Chi. The delicious
‘odor of raw-flesh causes a terrible hunger in the half-
damned belly:

When a dhampyr haS*three ot fewer pointsJof non-
Demon Chi (Yin + Yang) left insher body, shé becOmés
subject to a driving hunger for flesh. The player must pass

a Conscience roll évery timethe dhampyr enters‘asitua-
tion where aithortal is available for eating. The difficulty
is equal to'7 - remaining Chi + Age Background. The P'o
tesiststhis roll aSuusual (difficulty 6). If the difficulty of the
Conscience toll drops below 6, the dhampyrfeels the call
of cannibalism but resists automatically. If the difficulty
rises aboye 9, she givesin and searches fora mortal to feast
upone-l he Storyteller fay adjust the difficulty to reflect
theease with which the Shade Walkercould feast without
attracting undueatténtion. Thoséwho have €aten flesh
during the lasrmonth alsosuffera+ 1 difficulty penalty —
the nish:-oféatin@€hi is addictive:

Tue Uses oF Cy

Chi plays a vital role.in the lives of most dhampyrs,
strengthening themand lending them.amazing powers.
Unfortunately, dhampyrs cannot pereeive Chi in the
sameway their parents can. Dragon‘ lines.and hests ate
invisible t6.them, and they cannot use eitherGhostsight
or LifeSight to see' the-energies ‘roiling around them.
While the Shade Walkers can't channel Chi as easily as,
the Hungry Dead, theycan still put the forcesof Yin and
"Yang to good use.

The mést conimonuse of Chi among the Shade
‘Walkers is to heal damage (seep. 46). Although' this
requites Calm and inactivity, it is adargely unconscious
protessifor'the dhampyr — even one'who hasn't come of
age,can use\this ability, often without, ever realizing it.
Dhampyrs*may-also use to-Chi'to power any Kuei-jin
Disciplines.chat they know; andcanalso channel'Chi to
boost their physical capabilities if they Have the'appropri-
ate Shintai.

Kuei-jirthaye to spend.a point of Chieach evening
to afiimate theipunliying bodies, but dhampyts have no
stich need. Dhamipyrs €an'spend a pointof Chi to avoid
having to.sle€p oreat for 24 hours, however. The type of
Chi spent to do.this. doesnot aspect adhampyrasit does
a Kueiejin. However, -thesChi' typé can. affect the
dhampyr's mood forthat period. Yang producesa feeling
of euphoria and makes the Shade Walker-prone,to
aggressive tendéncies and reckless acts. Yin Chi makes a
dhampyr_more introspective and-thoughtfal and pro-
duces vagiie feelings ofennui. Neither of these involves
an actual game effect.

Buampyrs AND Disciplines

Dhampyrs-are"capablebof learning some Kuei-jin:
Disciplines, although their Very naturé-prevents them
from eyer truly mastering them.

The mysteries of the Soul and Chi Arts are beyond
the ken of dhampyrs, They are far too tied t6'thé mortal
world to access them. Thetwo exceptions to this are Feng
Shai-and Tau Wei, saceany-nortabh mortal ‘cetfeam
these with.gnough time.\Time is one thing the*half-
damned have in abundance,'so many elderShade Walkers.
are quite skillediat these arts. Demon Arts andshintai are
easier for younger half-damned.

ap

;
:
)

~"dhampyrsiaren't as well equipped to'handle the tremen+

; _eioelyding the Chi attunements.

» \orlése.a point of HumanitysBotching the roll adds a'point
~tothédhampyt's P'o as normal.

~~ topayahe Thousand Hells:a visit. *

are off-litiits=to in ; .
, they can't use nthe targets of pickpockets oa) Na very
half-damned also' can: ae e stock © z
benefits of Kueiejin rites Li "endeav.
in them for social rea- erm). The¥ win big at cards, taxis are
ack the strong bond with Chi gifor them and so on. The Hone
ate it ae this.m manner.
of "are off-limits to : sei a
Baath learfiMo : } ts ah f ordinary to them a
e, they'dshave to convinée a hs . at i oat 7 =
Strike Force Zero cybernet- dene p ives, but ¢ hade Wa CTS jUSE 9) ee)
te no-no. apyrs. The half? fk Od. ing ; q hears a =
it bodies. doesn't respond well to See eth eg aan eter
pein ens , but their Ava- a g
ve rete halF-d eer are

gmunnet for the mob, or a mé st
vets istakenly switched for ones with more»

5 a ei dln in drugmoney ora
receiye threatening phone calls

Even though they can learn the various shintai,

dous strain ‘of manipulating Chi as their fully damned
parents. Over time, a dhampyr's body hardens itself, but
"it's ‘a process that takes centuries. The maximu: el.
thatadhampyr can have ifiany shintaii isequalto herage-
‘in Centuries, rounded up. So, a dhampyr that's been™
around for 175 years could learn up to two levelstin the"
permitted powers. Few dhampyrs ever learn' more'than
one Jeyel in, any given shintai, but a few eldér, half
damined have struggled to levél 2 or 3. Other tharithis.2
limitagion, the shintai function normally for ee.

w Ars ~ Kinds of effects that surround a dhampyr, depending on
Dhampyrs may learnt and useas many esi in Demon). § her is level. Incidentally, when a dhampyr "binds" his
Arts as their P'o permits — subject to'the restrictions for @ 6 teduces thé
spending Chi. Theyfféra seductive path since dhampyrs Fi i.
até not subject to shadow soul and so can use Demon Arts»
more easily. The Demon Arts are still-perileus to use,
however! Every time a dhampyr invokes:them, he must *
make a'Consciencé roll (difficulty 6, opposed by the P'o)

eno be than | rey 8
not. You'll never be audited. oe a
ly find pet: lying in'

Most Shade Walkers who have contact with Kuet-jin
society: know better than.to screw around with the Demon
"A¥8\ They've heardistories of.the Yomi World (or trav-
eled t6.it with Kuei-jin companions) and are not anxious

Iron M ountain, Kiai and HellweaVing functidn for
dhampyrs just as they do for Kuei-jin. The other two
Demon. Arts require slight alterations, however:


eBecause of the)

jin. Dhampyrs using Blac!

; 4 _gattack's damage pool,
POO) pyrstil 2)

fitg soi aed of
oe "e Demon Shits: I term
4, f} on Artfunctio

Halédmnets weshAhe sgeans tie ted
* much less inhum: ime thar tole rue Cathaya

of-a distorted er, the Shade Iker b
iB ls ger, fastet and more ic thai
seféwayho krfow of suc things ¢ n

terriblewarri

living, g and

The strange interaction Of d p
~ dead, halves cuts,
mystetiesof Chi.

had to come together for themtoevenbe:
Shade Walkers are creatures of powe

;
. Ye The dhiampyrs' cldse.connection to joss iS one of the
irigs that makesthem intetestingand fun to play, Their
pou

e. It also
te Nhe envir

ives play
ment

"the same

»& © lethe Shade Walker's et pecs

mum Joss goes up. Ifit goesdown, maximum Joss goes~ The way
i, Joss will rise and fall in play®

"down. 1B e Démor

¥ "as it is spent and regained..When a dhantpys's Joss is
: ined t 0, her [ik has*quite literally Tun.out. A
Shade W. ker in tune withher joss feels"a chilling
sensation, Tequiring her player.to make an immédiate
‘check forewave soul: Bad things happen to luckless

dhampyrs: See» Goi ck Goes Bad" A, little.
' Mager in this ae ae po

\_™® \ There are chiet using g the Joe Trait:
Passively, actively and we Bie ses

She,
s J

e, -
veaktpat Pro, Passive joss" rs 4
tats control this‘state slightly better

ind cantap ~TKe forees ofl
5 oath ranged artacks with inhuman mee at ero
Dhampyrs can vadd: automatic. successes*for a: ranged
ell as Melee or Brawheianusee

Sg resemblesthe tn orm

Waar af che une the unlikely om ‘that ~

‘ * , however,
Lat \ rectly tapping into and manipalatiiig , ss, iad
"\, dhampyrs cartitake- chances that n } ‘or ie =

f ‘Wampire). would éver think of: %

juck allows them to:take aaah ‘cance

just a bit less Why.

‘The firsttiseofthe Joss Trait is themostcommon one:

can be justdefthanging around, waiting
for something 1ppen to the dhampyr. This kind of . 9
luckis called Passive Joss, and it¢an save acitbygbutt é
Passive ve Joss is ee luck ra allows a Shade Walker to fall '
and walk away without
an'Uzi unloaded at—_
armed. *
m physical dan-
ofan attack for %

For Example: "

The Storyteller rolls ‘eh the sae
‘of lethal damage to Liao. Or so it would
currently 4,so whensthe byllet speeds tomer :
makes a Humanity roll. 1 . He easily ssuccess and, \» PS
rata dipeedon ER breathesa sigh
of reliefLiao hunches'dBwn' light a cigarewe justin time ay

qvoid a hefty caseoflead ad poise: Ofcourse} wesLido *

~~ %

Cuapren Two: Dea Auive

The, mortal children of dhampyrs have access ‘to
Passive Joss egdal to'their Courage Virtué:, Theyycan
never learmf use Active Joss or Joss Binding, however.

Active joss

Dhampyrs who study theirjoss Can.learn to focus it
actively, not only relying'on it for last-ditch protec-
tion, but Using it to aceomplish specific goals. Charac-
ters who have learned the Active Joss ability can burn
off some Of the random possibilities that constantly
sutround*themfand refocus that luck' The dhampyr
must concentrate and things suddenly (andsometimes
spectacularly) go his»way. Impossible shots hit; the
dhampyr just happens to finda weapon when he needs
one; a guard turns away at jusythe right time forthe
Shade Walker to sneak by.

Obseryersmarvel at the sheer luck*ofit all — the
dhampyr doesn't appear terribly skilled, just incredibly
fortunate. For thé Shade Walker hersélf, using-Active Joss
is an invigorating experience, a Moment of control in a
topsy-turvy' world of random oceurrenceés..She" remains
aware that she is burning off some of her joss in the process,
however, which may teave her tired at theend of the seene.

System: The dhampyrimust concentrate for a turn'to
tuse"Active Joss. The player'thén:rolls Humanity against a
difficulty: of 7. Every success on this roll becomes an)

7
_»

automiatic succe's,the player canapply. to the action she
wishes to be lucky. Applying eachrsuctess Costs-a point of;
Joss; so the player canriot buy more successes than:she has,
unbound points of Joss, even if*she géts more on the
Humanity roll. These atitomatic successes work inthésame
manner. as those purchased with Willpower, although:
multiple ones can be applied'to4 single roll (andyesythey
canbe combined Withvan extra sccess ffom! Willpower).

The action to which the.extra successesiare applied
mustGome soon afterthe Humanity roll, butnot necessar-
ily in the next tumm/They must be used within a few turns
and the player must.announce how many'suceessesshe'll
spend and how, they will be used immediately after the
Humanity roll, The successes.can be split between. mul-
tiple actions if there relatedjbuetharmust beideclared
ishmediately.

The Joss points are spent immediately and do not
linger for passive purposes between the Humanity roll and
the time when successes are used!

For Example; The Shade Walker "Red Amy" Lu is
pinnied down on.dfooftop by a bunch of thugs with automatic
weapons: Hunkering down behind.a bit of masonry, she's safe
— butonly fora few seconds. She concentrates on hérjoss and
be? to,getourof this sap. Amy's player rolls her Humanity

GndRets four Successes. The player decides to take all four
stlegessés (she had 6'remainingJoss)'and split them between


ihe oa il iding "gunfire "c Gs she cyosses the, roof and well as melee-and brawling attacks (although few of the
ing ac theemergency as The See latterdo lethal damage). %

the player marks off four points of Joss:-A\ «~ "Bound Joss is not lost unlessthe player botches a roll

layer then rolls Dexterity.+ Athletics and gets two sucd®8ses.* using the augmented Ability. If this happens, all the Joss

With the two automatic successes, that gives her four, enough . points bourid to the Ability in'qtestion arésinimediately

aforAmy to pre across ithe roof in a sage tum. She burns _ gone, and thedhampyr hastocheck for wave soulasifhis Joss

~ another. a Ao) f ofthe. th ddropped to {it doesn't, though, only the bound points

hee burnt) nt or Skill als ‘botches in an extremely.

amp ‘ee, tosee ifher Po

%

fective Strength to 5. d

phe alsan hi

4 Nias t This isn't shadow X
we % a ingle j the: rally ie trol of th e dhampyr's nstead, it' ©
F much e : All the y to put the dham, ‘ous rt P
lure of joss and fills ca 's head), ©
~ hortor. The, exact nature of the visions
aed , afc ature of the | at Walker, but
This use is an@xtrapolation ole Joss: Instead ¥ are often Strong enou ighito perma
of suddenly focusing the forces of into a speoifi Be Team's DORR: Sparpyt whose
action orevent, the .d binds thé T -
&> activity. Whenever'she undertakesithat activity — - be
' it driving a car, firing a gun, oF almost anything else—
the flow. of joss conspires to ie her succeed. By
combining legitimate skill\witl bound:
dhampyr can achieve .an emly
accomplishment.

® Binding joss isan arduous process, refuiridlong hours

b : - alee Watke be r it require, con
"of pe ion an preparation Shade other Het ; ore' instinctive, a

"Assuch i ¢ ; Tzu Wei! brings
d fing' abilityrequires wee ee¢ andei an the study of joss."
" must als6 Kee the r n ‘Wei who use iton dhampyrs
oss ability to have Joss Binding==— c e spec , whether or not they
actete effect of Joss Binding is a highereffec- reg u | The practitioner doing
tating, but the apparent effect is a yotices the 7 joss-« of, the
of litck than skill. Targets hold still at j
Audhampyr's| pjischappensto bite. |
war injutys Guards are ted at rjustth
slip by. +

~ every ue gs dhampyr meditates/the player. b
unbind or reassign a point of Joss. Bound points of Joss=
cannot be used passively'or actively. Ph,
Eachipoint of Joss bound toa Talent or SkilLacts as an
additional dot in therappropriate. Ability. The maximum
levelto which a Talent orSkiltean be raised is equal to a
dhampyr's Humanity. Joss can only be bound into Tal€nts
yor Skillssnot Knotfledges or any other type of Trait.

ear pas! soa using an Ability with
\joss bound to ee ae cscs! effect: They do
© aggravated damage ainst si perpatural tatgets — just

Bae like the claws of a hengeyokai. This applies to firearms as
‘ + ae i

ee eee

meee ee

SS a a on

Cuaprer Two: Dean Auve ©

57.

STORYTELLING, joss AND STYLE

Let's be honest: The joss powers of dhampyrs are
very cinematic. These abilities function best in a
chronicle with a high-action style, full of guns and
gruesome enemies. In other styles of play, weaving
through bullets, jumping in a cab that just happens to
be there and shooting a sniper through his own
telescopic sight may not be appropriate at all. You can
use dhampyrs in many sorts of chronicles, but you may
wish to adjust some of their abilities — or the way you
portray them. Some options:

¢ No Joss: Ina gritty or horrific chronicle, joss may
not be appropriate at all. Simply ignore these rules and
have the dhampyrs deal with half-life with only what
few Disciplines they can learn. This is the best option
when dhampyrs appear only as secondary characters in
a Kuei-jin chronicle or if you want to keep things very
human indeed

¢ Toned Down Joss: If you want dhampyrs to still
have an edge but need things to be more realistic in

style, tone down the effects of joss. Passive Joss should

workasis, but limit the ambient nature of the dhampyr's
luck. When he is going to get seriously hurt, the Shade
Walker's luck kicks in, but he doesn't live in a swirl of
coincidences. You may even want to rule that Passive
Joss only eliminates damage past the first health level
from an attack — the character is wounded instead of
killed. Active Joss and Joss Binding can be eliminated
altogether or made very rare.

© Darker Joss: Dhampyrs lead eventful lives, but
they can become tragic very quickly. Those around the
dhampyr might suffer for his fortune — a buddy taking
abullet for the Shade Walker — or the fortune might be
very mixed indeed — the dhampyr's new love becomes
the target of anakuma. Joss can become a source of horror
and paranoia instead of reckless abandon, as the Shade
Walkers must wander from place to place lest the chaos
that tracks them swallow them whole

P'0 Nature is the Slave might see herself in chains, made
into thé'plaything-of her greatest enemy — be that a
Yakuza boss or Yama King.

Whenever a dhampyr's player burnsall her unbound
Joss, bot¢hes a joss-related Humanity roll or hotches while
using an Ability enhanced, through Joss Binding, the
Demon comes out to play. The dhampyr's player makes an
immediate check for wave soul, but,with especially dan-
gerous implications. If the playersucceeds, the dhampyr
resist$:wave soul but Suffers flashes ofthortific emotions
during the contest with the Ro. This has no lasting
effectbut the Storyteller thay have the imagés€fop up at
other.times: If the player fails, the dhampyr enters-a very
serious form of wavesoul — the P'9's torments overcome
her,.and she.rémains in wave soul for a Aumber of hours
equal tothe P'o'stotal successes. When she finally emerges,

me

her Courage\rating drops by one*point(to'a minimum of
1). If the playefis so unlucky as to bétch this'check, the
P'ovsurges and grows ifvstrength. The dhampyr.is subject
to all of theveffects of failing the check, plus she' gains
another domin P'or

These periods of wave Soul aré- extremely, trau-
matic, almost akin to shadow soul. Instead of acting out
the, Demon's-wishés; however, the dhampye halluci-
nates its fofidest wish*while cowering or/ruinning. At
the Storytellers discretion, a dhampyr whose Courage
drops to |. may gain a Derangement ftom the psycho"
logical trauma:

REGAINING Joss

Luck i8-a preeiéus commodityy and it doesn't return
quickly. Spent orlost Jossreturns atthe rate of 1 pointper
day, at sunrise.

Dhampyrs-can also tegain. lost Joss' by overcoming'
Opposition. When asdhampyr succeeds inany conflict
involving opposition that is at leastas skilléd or strong as
he is, the-Storyséller may allow the‘player'to make a
‘Courage roll (difficulty 6)..Each-success restores a single
Joss point, up to the dhampyr's.maximuti. Excess suc-
cesses are wasted.

*@onflict" doe¥ not fecessarily mean a fight, ‘al-
thoiigh" combat certainly qualifies. Deféating an oppo-
néntin agame of cHanéé, a race,or even a verbal conflict
qualifies as well. Basically, a dHampyr's success in-an
endeavor strengthens his confidence in his own Joss, and
this faith.is tewarded,

Finally, a dhampyr. can regain Joss points by being
true to himself. Luck is am inescapable part of their
identity and by living up to it, he invites fortune in.
Whenever a.dhampyr is eligible to regain Willpower. by
obeying his Nature, the'player should also roll Humanity
(difficulty 9): Each success refreshes a point of spent Joss:

BacrGrounps

The following two! Backgtounds| are unique to
dhampyrs. The Age Background presented hereshould
not be'confused ‘with the One.tisedet6 represent truly
élder@ainites in Vampire?The Masquerade (see Vam-
pire Storytellérs. Handbook;*p. 36).. The Face Back-
ground might be applied to a shenswho somehow has
achieved informal statis among:the courts of the Hun-
gry Dead.

Act

You have'spentt years devoting yourselfittothe develope
ment of your Ghi powers at the expense of almost anything
else in your life. The decades of fanaticalypractice and sttidy
have paid offfbut yowthave little regard foryour human sidé.

And since you are nétimmortal like your Kiei-jin parent;
the ravages of time extract,a heavy price.

Each dot in*this Ba¢kgroundilowers your maximum
Humanity by and raises your difficulty to resist cannibal-
istieshungerd(see page 52). Age has ayvariety of other

OE a ae Spams Pane,
ed bélow. You also gant buy:the Igno- Lanes ann enemy Oe

«the lo€alcourt knows your name... most of the time.
a often pentides immewtice benefit iF 3 {ty to social dice pools. You hold a significant
% exchange, for a lower maxitnum Humanity and 7 positi mnéof your ilk, beingaheimin messenger

physical degradation, so it may be tempting to naan ortesponsiblé for a powerful Scarlet Scteen. igre é
he ere sae iS -
Is. You not'only have
buthavedone yourjob\_
ce and even,

Players should consider eir reduced joss before taking

ae S Tihs standard one) te 2 0
‘S i os level: Tes Si wave soul ¢a

image are also at+

®> * is 4; yous
an additional point for Disciplines, etl Ye your

P Bruised and Mauled healthileve e three.
# fewer pointsfor Physical Aceribut =
% soul caused by i me

a also at #2 gisiatiy-

Fac» ; co

Most Siar timeya dhaltby? $s interactions with Kuei-

her than his‘parentare om at, fone
hin,

lola Witte onde Dice Referen Racskcia chest
dred of the East, p. 54). s re immensely ai Se

dangerous
be for actual status in'the co

Itdendtes informal recogrition of "knowledge of
T ann and wo red to other* version

- Your bond oy

: y sofa paren Or. ‘inor Yang) is Sreniligess
© amotablé act or period of seryice to the court..You_ Skehcatnceibe ae ate (
should work out the details with the Storyteller four per how

‘part of your prelude. Be at half the normal rate, Al
Face reduces your aS social. péfialties as de- Hot passible,

scribed below: deat me cane =
-3 penalty twsodal dice po ee might hold much like balancejand aspect do fora Kuei-jin.
. Mery iS aS a yore. tee Sour ‘tbe are attuned to Yang, you appeat. ital, sensual and = =>
eee marew uct it, utare still better". short-tempéred; to vingyou seem_morosé; resefy: Ge
off séen, Che and_analytical. Yang®at

CF. ned atone On AR = .

@ "petal eal prc. ‘fou probably hove the Vivophage Flaw, while the Yin-attuned often ©) 2)
some menial, iS ie ane ar have Sun Allergy. ry "Ss ;

oy ; ‘ "

*

ou

Cnapren Two: Dean Aujve

Vivopuace (1 Pr. Flaw)

Something‘in your half-dead makeup cannot process
the Yin Chitthatacéld corpse provides. Should you stoop
to the dishonorable practice of'consuming human flesh
for Chi (youshame your family! ), youcan only absorbChi
by consuming the flesh'of thé living orthe recently (less
than four houts)sdead* You can-still absorb Yin Chi as
normal frém a recently déad corpse; however.

SnELrerED Upsrynging {2 pr. Fiaw)

Youwere brought up among the Kuei-jin since birth,
schooled inthe ways of intrigue and politics that rule the
courts of the HungryDead. You know a whole lot about
the Ktei-jin bue'nor much about the rest of the world.

You suffer a + 1 difficulty penalty on any social rolls
that involve interacting, withmundane societyand any.
rolls requiring knowledge of modern technology like cars
or computers.

Sun Auercy (3 pr. Fiaw)

The blood.of your Kuei-jin Parents tuns strofiger in
you than normal, and you have a much more adversarial
relationship with the-Eye of Heaven. Where ther
dhampyrts can walk aroundimithe sun with only a few evil
urges as. a consequence, your skin and eyes are much more
sénsitive: You are hafdly ever seen‘outside without a pair
Of dark‘ glasses (the rays,offthe sun-give you a splitting
headache), and'your skin burns and peels likéian albino's;
with too much exposure. to the sun.

Yourtake one leyel of bashing datfiage for every 30.
minutes spentin the direct'fays6f the sun, Heavy clothing:
and sunglasses can slow this process t6 one level per houry
but that's all. You must suéceed of a Conscienée roll
when you take this damage (opposed by thé P'o!as the
beast, within. rages against the sun). Failing the check
means you lése a point of Humahity. Ona boteh, youialso
gain'a point of P'o and lapse.immediately into firesouk

Tajtren_ joss (3 pr. Fiaw)

Your natural luck ‘has a darker side tosit thant most
dhampyrs'— especially for those who spend any time With
you. Although joss still saves youfrom harm and allows you
to perform amazing-feats,the background of coincidences
irfyour life is distinctly,dangerous. You are-always crossing
paths withakumaand Yakuza killers, becominginvolved in
terrorist plots and other dangerous events?Kidnappers and
assassins frequently target your friends.

Thishasno concrete gameeffect, but the Storytellershould
endeavor to have stories reflecting this constant bad luck.

jonorance oF Ser (4 pr. Fiaw)

For some reason, you have grown up With absolutely no
idea of what youare. Perhaps, against all odds, your Kuei-
jimeparent knows nothing of.your eXistence (and is-there-
fore probably malé). Your parent may have'simply decided
to leavé youas'a "sleeper" —‘a secret resource to be called
upon intime ofneed, Whatever thereason, you know little;

BDuampyr Experjence Cuarr
Trait
Ne

New Discipline

Experience Cost

Active Joss
ss Binding
Attribute urrent Rati
» Abilities Jurrent Rati

urrent Rating

Disciplines

urrent Rati
Humai urrent Rati

Willpower

urrent Rating

if anything, about the supernatural aspects of the Middle
Kingdom and are completely unaware'thatyou are any-
thing but a normal mortal — albeit'a lucky one.

You may nofistart with any Kuei-jin Diseiplines, any
supernatural Backgrounds,' Activé Joss or Joss Binding:
You may-still use Passive Joss and:heal yourself With your
Chi howéyer — you,do those'things instinctively:

Song P'o (4 pr. Fiaw)

Sometimes a dhampyr inherits a bit more of his:
patent's spirit than he mighthaveWwanted. The beast that
seéthes in your head stillcan't také control of youybur it
Sure doesyell'a whole lot louder. You were nothing but
trouble growing up, and have probably done at leastsome
tim@in prison or a juvenile home. To'say youhave a bad
attitude is an understatement.

Your starting P'o is 2 instead of 1:

Pojson joss (6 pr. Fiaw)

A tituch more brutal form of Taintéd Joss, above, this
Flaw indicates that you/Were' born under inauspicious
eircumstances indeed. Yourjoss isharder to tapand very
dangerous, for youwand-your friends.

Passive Joss always costs youoneextta point of Joss
torusé=_s0.2 points,to caricel a lethal actack and 4 to
cancélan aggravated ohesAlsoyithasa nasty tendency
to do'so at the expensdlof others, especially: those
near and dear to,ydt. Your good.fortune always. comes
at their expense: For instatice, you might he saved from
an assassin's bullet by your best friend stumbling at just
the'wrong moment and taking itfor you. When using
Passive Joss, you/must roll a 10 onsyour Humanity rol
for it to funetion normally (although at the- added
expense). If you succeed, but don't get a 10, someone
nearby whom you"fare about tak@s@amage in your
stead. Your ally doesn't take all the damage, however;
If the.attack was lethal, she suffers bashing damage; if
it was aygravatédéshe suffers lethal."An-ally cannot
take more than health levels of damage froni'a single
attack in this manner.


"Think Carefully before you take this Flaw-It signifi- judge ifan actis sufficient tojustify a loss of P'o. Eveniafter
eal the Joss ofadhampyr, and for beings that _ the appropriate deed has been done, the player must pay
ol

ate ften dwarfed in power by those they walk _ expérieneé points equal to the amount necessary to raise

/among; that can bea fatal condition. Itmay.also aliénate* the dkampyr's Humanity above its current level, and

¢ other characters. instead lower the P'o"by one» This does nog give the
Poison Joss also includes all the' effects of Tainted dhampyt a free Humanity point. It just lowers whe

Jost de bps no aS at Bstive ost oF Joss Binding. m5, ing flame of the devil inside can never be

~ f course. apteorr always has at

a dhampyr fone Bea

Chraracter dey. ns in
* basically the "same.Avay as ther characters, ising the %
eaicloneseidfenioe Tekan nic ones a ea appr er ipl ieee
ia at & i on Beyond specie Raney eee "Joss Fs he jot only "costs ial experience

THE Sour ~ points but requires exotic training. ‘The-dhampyt.must.....:

3 PK ) aye ome aware of his nature to"acquire a Newijoss
: Traits that reflect parts of the! a = a t finda suitable mentor. The ital se
irtues, Humani Will WER, f "reac Site dhampyr who has the | Bow erin ques,

"raised by merely spending tion. L pPasdlve-Joss' (ifytfie. champ agomehow er
talents re character: C doesn't have it) takes three weeks of full-time study, and
_L@ come as a result of events, not as the result of the Blarer's "each of the'o ers take twolmonths of;full-time'
whist Between gate sessions."As Such, the Storyteller" coudy. c Joss ing also: requires Active Ips,
should allow experience points to be fen: on these ae Med Fie by: end bithes. Enigmas ‘ a cE
only if they have been tested-during play ot fa tes isunayailable asa sees of

s roleplayed the effort-to improve in\that area. There's no win 8 (Tau Wei ©*¢# #) cat setve in his steal

need to be draconian in applying this rule; but a Shade

Walker who repeatedly furns tail and rims shouldn't sud- Adchovanthey jake br, €o leans psepoyers toe
denly get arise in Courage because Her playerhaspointsto = «,- ot ¥
spend. If that same dhampyr stood hér-ground just once,
howeyer, the increase would be wholly justified.

e Learning or rai
Vinrurs tequiresa, teacher who]
Playersican i increase their Virtues if their charactets, higherlevel than the stu
3 haye gone through experiences likely toehange that part Storyteller; but ainumber
of their personality otare actively trying to ch: that Secs cost isappropriate. teller may,
Increasing a Virtue does not change the tbenecess xeacher wore joa a z
5 Humanity or Willpowetsthose Traitsaré oplly althotigh*training time could doubles as
Vittues during charactercreation: However, Demon Attsicancbe learned-in the-same manner as | »
reasing Courage or Self-Control does increase avail other Disciplines, s, but the Stolp alae

able Yang ot Yin Chi. Simply using the relevant typeof ~ "PrstBact as thereacher. In this way, an isolated di pyr

Chi does not qualify the Virtue fdran'increase— itis the = develop wers of to Soul. OLY
~ dhampyr's personalitysthat aay not the -other.._te lermay im pscien elf-Control roll wl ;

way around, the period of trainings | see if the dhampyr ._

her, ee ego

maa can maintain her'm ie
Humanity anp P¥o 4 ‘ :
Dhampyfs can increase their Humanity in the same Ons a

Way a8 Cainites: by-acting more human (and by their — .

players then spending the appropriate éxperience points)... ON ( :

Experience cannot overcome the dhampyr's maximum

Humanity, however— the playercammnever raisé the Trait

higher than (10 +,[P¥ + Age Backerounid]),..Increasing of who birthed them and under whi

Humanity increasesavailable Joss, but simply'spendingJoss half-damned have essentially the sam

does not qualify thecharacter for a Humanity increase. ~~ PS€S- The circumstances of their upbtingingédetermine
exe anal beltehe Demon dota: (ene ola: how they go. about their prolonged and eventful tes.

ae Sees: ‘ee There ares however, Some creatures who are

erseduce thé P'orating) giveniscipline and dedication;

but it's not easy. The Twilight Child must commit some atop sind este be beettiagn Ter
act that denies the P'o'and conrietts him more than ever "cousins" to the Shade Walkers are rare birds indeed, especially,
to hishuman side;Ultimately, it's up to the Storytellerto. ™ the case of the mythical Jin Hai. They serve as reminders of \

Chapren Two: Deap Aujve

61

the dhampyrs' roots afid as warnings of their possible fate, and
can fill such roles‘in a Shade Walker chronicle.

The following information is intended for the Story-
teller as the. Jin' Hai and Makuro Hikoware primarily
antagonists and contacts for dhampyrs. Players may.wish
to stop reading here so as nov t6 spoil'any secrets.

Jim Haj, Crwren oF THe Gops

Eons'ago,.inethe Age of\Legends, the mighty Ten.
Thousand Immortals Walked' the-lands._ Answering, the
mandate of Heaven, they built great cities and fought
mighty beasts. The mountains laughed with their joy and
the skies cried with their sadness. They were the Wan
Xian,and they were wondrous indeed.

The Immortals loved with the passion of the storttis,
and children were borr'of their unions with the mortals
whom they guarded. At times, these children. became
Wan Xian themselves — guided through the tests left by
the" August Personage for this ety purpose."At other
times, these offspring remained mortal batstill had a spark
of the divine. These were the Golden Childremgstanding
betwee man and ‘god — the Jin Hai.

Death oF THE, CHjLDREN

In the-twilight of the Third Age; thé Wan Xian'
indulged in depraved acts for their own glory and forgot
their duties*The Golden Children corifronted their dé-
based parerits in the hopes of reversing the damage» The
Immortals of Meru listened with amusemeno, as: mere
babes talked of the turning of the Ages, thedite'¢onse-
quenées of stealing Chi from the world and theiresponsi-
bilities of thé Wan Xian. They slaughtered théassembled
Jin Hatin an orgy of blood and outrage. The screams of the
Children mingled With the laughter of their parents:

But the Jin' Har were'right. The Wan Xian fell from
gracé, the Age‘turfied and the'worldseried out in-pain.

Souis anp SURViVoRS

The slaughter of the'Golden Childretpoffended ‘the
Scarlet Queen most of all: Products 6f life-and passion, the
Jin Hai had been her gift ‘to the- Wan Xian. Unlike the
Aiigust Personage, shédidnot completely turn her back on
the Immortals. Instead, she created away' to remind \the
Immortals‘of theif most terrible ctimes and thé reasons for
their curse/Her instrumentwwas thé Golden Children.


yO

@

"The'Searlet ¢ Queen ee intg,the realms'of Yin
it great risk to herself — and collected the
utdered Children. She then wove theminto —
fiber tern' Of Yang, blessing (or cursing), the fallen*
Immortals (now-the Wan Kuei) with the ability-to have
children. Each Sie: born with the soul,of a
Golden Child, areminder 6f the crimes Ag
The urge to" procreace-eneatéd-that Yan}

og Ruel always produced some halfedami ~ 1 ler ‘ate unique characters who
ig But nor all the Ji at Meru. ati

£

si abilities.\In general,
A captions cheic iste " ; y - fhoweve = physidally quite frail: Any sub-
1ZatlO -ar

~ mate mostof those survivo Q a
ther than watch the world die; and
peace in distant realms. Thereare

Tue Towa ace"

The Golden Children beltevd that aes Queen.
had: greater plans for their sibli to b&simple ae ¥ PS . -—? h
reminders of past crimes. Damp' se the brave JitrHai , you're fecling-€specially nasty, the
who saw the turning of the AgeScomingand tried to warn ight trick by an
their parents. They failed once, but the surviving Jin Fai especially skill ee.

ce béhieve they have'a second chance. Hasl :
bs " * ‘The Sixth Age,.worst\of all-the stops ofthe; Great the' Pedra

e against this the vate still around, they are

te in typical fashidn, by scrambling orf Masel of! ying. -shaking
o the half-damned to lead the erie t ent eeping theta
ge of Sorrow of Te: he a lr tocome.  y@ bland hive somef

.
Jin Hai try to organize the eee athdasahed and scm but neice oe
heir higher. purpose. The Golden Chit =

datnfied congregater

Sroryretijng

The Jin Hai are meant to be legendary Guys, mythical:
remnant of a more Slotious past. They can serve to push'a®
physical, Visceral chronicle of the half-damned j into more
spiritual matters. To pottray the surviving Golden Children
in the rightlight; keep thé: following elements in mind:

* You Don't Need to Use Them: The JirHai don't "
Vhave a place in every chronicle featuring dhampyrs. They, The Maxuro HiKo, " EE

add a legendary-leyehto playithat might not be welcome,

\Evyén if you ie Rerctrighat at dhamipyrs havéJin Hai Legacy OF THE Burning
souls, you can easily'tule that all the Golden'Children ‘If the Jin Hai.are echoes of the heroic' past, Ris che ®
died atthe end of the Third Age"Use them as mich or as' "Makuro Hiko— the "Black Sun pildien" — are portents\

« ar

|
J

dWdenirr can. ASsu

to guide the Shade: Walkers toward
chronicle is about the players' char
ancient demigods. Let the-eharacters
the Jin Hai missed their chance'ages ago.

a

>

ew ee

Cuapren Two: Dea Aujve

63

i

at),

of the horrific night®to come. The atomic weapons that
destroyed the Japanese tities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in
1945 also tairited the island nation's Chi — permanently,
perhaps: For 55 yeats, the gaki (Japan's Kuei-jin) and other
local shen have Straggled agairist the effects, of the dark
energy that flows through their. home's,.dragof tracks.
Everything from chaos amofig the tjito the rise of powerful
akuma hassbeen blamédon.the taintéd Chi:

Among the problems blamed on' the ‘Burning is the
twisted condition of Japanese'dhampyrs, or maiko. Gaki
who mate with humans while gorged on tainted Yang Chi
have an even sinaller chance/of conceiving a child, and
birth defects are a*certainty. Japanesé dhampyrs who
survive bear the'scars of their taint, ranging from simple
deformities to outright monstrosities.

The Bishamon ji decided Years ago that it was best to'
suspend all proereation until the poisoned dfagon nests of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki could be cleansed. Bishamon gaki
canpetition to beallowed 6 createa@Hampyr, buemust go
through acleansing ceremony ahd travel fo foreign lands to
drink of untainted'Chi. Few havé"made the-petitién, and
Japanese dhampyrs under the age of 60 are rare?

At least among thé Bishamon. The Genji have a very
different — andwery sécfé6= opinion. Over the lasti30
years, Genji Devil-Tigers have been intentionally breeding
dhampyrs tainted bythe Burning. They gorge themselves on
Corrupted'¥ang and mate multiple times, trying to create the
most monstrous offspring they can. Their experiments havé
achieved some truly hortific results — the Makuro Hikes

Most Devil-Tigers do not createdhampyrs‘and prefer.
to raise Ban Ren Guei instéad. These "half-demonpeople™

LAYING THE FREAKS

Playinga maiko, a tainted Japanese dhampyr,
isa fairly straightforward process. Use the stan
dard character creation system in this chapter,
although you cannot take the Age Background
(or else your birth would predate the Burnings),
and you must take at least one Flaw to represent
The

a physical or psychological deformity.
Strong P'o and Tainted Joss Flaws are
choices. In terms of your character's prelude
remember that the Bishamon consider you per
sona non grata

The Makuro Hiko are not intended for players

to portray. But if you want to indulge in a little

savage play, they can be fun. Create a dhampyr in
the typical fashion, but start with a P'o of 3 and
choose one bakemono power or Demon Shintai

characteristic for each dot of P'o. Your character
will also have an increased difficulty to resist fire
soul (see p. 64)

Players and Storytellers who enjoy deranged
monsters may want to consult Freak Legion: A
Players Guide to Fomori

are th@ offspringofbakemono andmortals dnd serveas the
Celestial Devil" aids in punishing the unrighteous (see,
Dharma Book: Devil-Tigers for more)}:The Genji ex-
peritnentation with the Makuro"Hiko, Kowever, isstart-
ing to attraet attention, across the Dharma:

Some of the other Japanese uji alSo quietly disregard
the Bishamon ban oncdhampyrs. Their childrensbear
deformities but até farely as monstrous' as thelresults of
intentional Genji expetimentation.

Marrs of THe Burnincs

Most Japanése Shade Walkers not bred by the Genjionly
display a'few deformities. They may'bé blind, have a-twisted
limb or-bear other physical problems. They haye'the same
babic abilities as othéF Shade Walkers. Inaddition.to physical
déformities, they, often have moré developed/Demon souls.

Genji Makuro Hiko are'moré distinctive! Their par'
ents — both mortal and'Kuei-jin — are ritually infused
with tainted Chi; theyare typically conceived and born in
dfagon nests itt Hiroshima or. NagasakiThey ate sub-
jected to torturesito engorge thé P'o. Their living side is
eroded in the:interests of raising devils.

Joss. flow$ around the'Makuto Hikoiin a twisted ‘and
more sayage manner.."Lucky" events still seem to protect
thé from Harm, But usually at the expense of those
around them: Being the frientdof such acreature is towalk
with' a' Karmic target "On your back. This tainted joss:
guarantees that a Black/Sun Child,already twisted physi-
cally and mentally, cannot build lasting relationships.
The MakuroHiko have almost universally become bitter,
alienated lonets + angryat the world and happy tolisten
to their Demon souls. Genji Devil-Tigers watch. them,
trying todirect them to righteous acts— like the torment
of the wicked with limited success.

Many/of the Maktro:Hiko bear physical deformities
that grant them advantages in Combat, similar in many
ways t0'the twisted endowments of bakemono or the
Demon Shintai form. Coupled with their rage, this makes
the,Black Sun Children savage fighters indeed:

Sovuis anp Conrijcrs

Asfaras the GenjiDevil-Tigers who created them are
concerned, the:20'Sr so BlackeSuri Children-theyhave
already"raised are.simply promising"experiments.. The
Genji ‘hope. to us@these ShadégWalkers as weapons
against the Bishamon or other enemies. If the fury of the
Makuro Hiko cannot be tamed, they may just be released
ingénemy courts to wreck hayoc.

The'few whojknow of the dhampyrs' past lives realize
that these éxpetiments are a far more serious mattert# The
Genjiare intentionally twisting the soulsof Jin Hai‘and inall
likelihood damning them to Yomi. Forth Goldén Children
who believe dhampyrshhave a role to play in the Sixth Age,
this isa grave matterindeed — one that might require the
destruction of théBlack Sun Children altogether.

Two Makuro Hiko have already\fallen to a'demon
huitttet of the'Shih, guided there by théJin Hai, Ti Feng.

Hair-Dannen: Diampyr

ate are statistics for a Maar Hiko. Some of

their mutations come in the form of bakemono Payers =
‘(see Kindred of the East, pp. 219-220).

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
tisma 3, Manipulation 2) Appearance 0, Boceton 3,
Intelligence:2y Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness z pia 3, Brawl, Dodge3.>gum

Disciplines/Powe :

Atmor, Claws & Fangs, ExttaLimb (tail) gy Golden Queens hoped the Bishamon would hunt —\
Virtues: Conscience 1, Sél&Control'2, Courage 5, ~ down British and other Kin-jin lurking in the eity. (which

P'o 3, Humanity 3" wl (they did) and wete happy to overlook the destruction of
Willpower: 6 Chinese Kuei-jin and dhampyss in the.city.Chan— who

Merits, & Flaws: Taintedoss 9" 4 bee *
Makuro'Hiko suffer a+ a rer
eet. soul. 7

2 The island cityestate of Singapore, ji

ern tipof Malaya, stands asa béacon of economic prosper ri) gee 4g Sy Kuei-jin' or welcoming
ity and. rigid social' control-in, Southeast: Asia bit Lege aederes &
shadows of the Middle Kingdom, the towering edifices o of this breeding have come to age,and the

the city shelter the Golden Lion Court, a holdout against
the powers of the Kuei-jin penangallan!queens who rule
the region. For the Hungry Dead, the court is'something
of a joke, a citadel that continties to ) éxist-at the pleasure
: of the fractious queens of the surrounding jungles For
~~. dhampyrs, However, the city is a rare gathering point,
~* "where they are made welcome and can plan for the future.
"Storytellers whowish to run chronicles with a group:
of half-damnéd chatacters can use Singapore as Stat

llyseparating themselves from the jungle queens, -
a ‘Chan; may move too quickly., Theyealso. - 4

Chan Jianglu"has not only spawned almost dozen
children of hi§. own, but encourages his allies-among the
emperors to do so as well. His hope is to. slowly build a
powerful group ofundetlings with which he can eventually
ensure thetrue indepehdence of the Golden Lion:Court
from the courts of the penangallan. His closest alli ieve

~ fithat he has always harbored desires for power independent

a but thatshis ambitions truly took
in I At that time, the queens of the
diOned the gaki of the Bishamon ji to
ae occupa-

&

barely escaped the gaki has never forgiven thepenangallan.
2 + ,Singapore's other ancestors generallysupport the idea

onc Fiwhether he is using his dhampyrtic offspring to
for himself at their expense. Over the last 35) —
idarms race of. sorts hasideveloped,

refugeésOver the last' e fruits of

of. dhampyrsin the city has swollen to:several score:
Some of the more prominent half-damned resid
of the. Lion a Mae the fella

Chin is ‘the president of th Singapore In J
Investiment Corporation, a major player in the cial s
sheffanigans of the.island nation. Craty Laity got his

ahr mre gathering poifit in Hong.Kong op we

he This brief overview of theCourt should Sten moniker right after he took over the reigns 6f SIIC inthe ~

Material to kick-start your Own imagination and Baal 1980safid leit through aseries ofrisky i investments),
icle in motion. From Singapore,.a group/of all. of which,paid off despite the predictions ofdoom
could easily head to other locales —suclrasthe | coming from anallysts-acrossithé globe: The SIC corpo-

-: a

front of the Great Leap Outward. arr indelible pattiof the Singapore skyline.» c 2

"SHC anda

The warm reception: Twilight Children féceive in they accord heey in) ae at that sitereoul fee
Sifigaporeiis due to the efforts of Chan Jianglu,oneof the most members of the ( Oniéunx: jut 568 is well aware
Golden Lign,Emperors who Kas been in the city foroyer thathe is merely a favored pet ofthe F Lotus despite all
acentury-During the period of British rule, when'various » hélhas done forthem. never passes onthe opportunity
Kin-jin thought they owned the Singaporean night, Chant to establish his‘own-a of power. As such, he is a:
was building Scarlet Screens among the Chinese popula#%® major player in the develop: of: thedhamp; 2
tion to prepare-the way for a takeover ofthe island — nity in the City. He also spends some day
nominally.on the behalf of thepenangallanof the Golden Club, Well aware of its Yomi-spawni
Courts. A follower of the Way of the ResplendentGrane, haps foolishly, he believes ; that his joss \ his
Chan nevertheless had a tastefor Yang and ‘knéw'the - safely through any. deals he has to make with' Manse
benefits of-loyal offspring. Among his most prominent
children were Sarah Tzu, who» was at various times a Maya Supjra, Ap' R TO THE:EMPEROR
mistress and seéretary ‘to»seyeral' British officials, and As far as Chan Jianglu i8concerned, MayaSuritais thee
half'damned child of a penangallan who died atthe hands

Chan Luwan, who has served as president of the Tfans-
China Shipping Company since 1975. of the Kin-jin several centuries ago. Not especially Power-\

=sate headquarters —Sealled Chin's Folly bys some —isnow ae

beldines forma reo *

Si
jn

A

Malay woman: is a "the shadows, the unliving'players of the M
out dompareéComibining » Kingdom steele their yhavenss The Kuei4jin ate
: lotherschools ofsorcerous practice — preeminent power in the city, but theYlarge numb
a ion td the ways of joss, she advises » dhampyrs givesthe half- damned some special status?!
sh meet Her r Counsel has-helped Chan, . frequented by poe of Singapore d
oncég lowly jifia in aResplens Cfanestemple'near the. '
Gulf of Tonki in Singapore. Her warnings Cart, Omany | a
sallowe Vv i purges in the 1940s and . Down VictoriarStreet from the Malabar
4 "stave off his enemi since thi ‘He is'totally: unaware't Arab Quarter is the small Café Oman
is for the ‘Sixth Ages | coffee houses in thé r
in fact a Jin Hai, onesof the Golden~ nei Omani is operated by Jamal Ibn:
h eruin the . 2 dhampyr of almost one hundred years eae
er coward. - fatherhad establis ied several Scaflet Sere: the
she _Maislims of the city. Jamaksaw his immortal fa father kil
ns, / déting Se ener ae ;
, p " a ret since. Mostly He the Golden
| j ito bu 6 pyr ‘ eir struggles agains:
bien canal rf. i ight; «  isprimarily interested Sh hisown

at
‘of-the sIslamic' population'— which she' onsiders,

* privaré concerit. I ent. deca 4s the ny v
ra ofthe rete Chania i, Al e of *dhampyrs has s ‘4 has | the potential orga-
mnie ck

a e al pes a decade ago and only emerged oy ae. the half

IdefPLion Court, ¢ i. fyeerch-

i ah 8: spent training with rand Maya neutral
" r: a, arveldetly dhampyr fondigiocd him. Still. a an

Fim nevertheless has the aura of great things. J thas
J wal Her gare | atranged_for-her to bécome'a ‘igh

police tion ‘of great_2 rity in, they
. elthate of Iaw.and oft y E

eer Lao, Shi
D rintes who "ited Singapore a
telest in bi Seeger ire
the FY i-jin evolutionary.
perlangallan might be y
did so; a 3 alee Nope u lub, all under th
orig to heart. His in ‘message of acting toshake off th sper jina.na
My, © domination of the anciénts somehow re: ed Witl the 7 Dhampyrs Sgro! inthe
"od ‘sélf-reliance,taught.to herby her tutor Maya ral pleasures hata. to ome by: elsewhete: Most,
Suri e Has begun spending time at Café Omani; an, infamous os
Arab Quarter haunt for dhampyrs in the-city. / ‘ee house. Where"dhampyrs uei-jiftalike are free to
« Alinarjust might Pad ‘her destiny there. -», practice debased ibali aa fadir assigned his
‘ <p 3 # daughter Samia to thé task of ing the Red Room,
Go; PEOPLE ToS ° ©. intending it to bea service for quietly feging hin who
5 x could not yet extract Chi from blood.
**Many Devil Tigetsand otheninquisitors of the unlivitg
: have thought thatSalekNadir might anakuma. Butin fact
yiGhinese; Arabs and Indians. Asa legacy of divide- he is damned only by his ignorance. He believes theLexicon
espolicies, eghnidic itiee dei Club to bé ansimportatit outlet for d irva city ruled
al neighborhoods that i with strict morality. Heis unaware thathis daughiterlongago
‘ gave herself to Mikaboshi, the Yama King of the Wicked é
* City. With'eve ocent Srphancor imprisoned drug ped-
ler who j joins d ‘menu of the Red Rodm, one more inch of
Singapore met s with:the urban hell ofYomi.

Wit0 Ron heights. in,,colonial dads it has
ulation inéluding (among otliers)


\ AK
\ ‘0 ‘ ‘tl / y
\ \ \\; ( i i

| top ' | '
A
\ , = ~<a
\\ \ c —
=.
ai We
oe ins < Kc 0,
5 PS =
\\ Lik = ) f : YW 0) SS i
{ : cs


Chapren Tinee: Gujuoren oF THe Ten THovsano

CHAPTER FHREE:
ENICDREN OF
PNE TEN

FNOUSAND.. DEMONS

ALL DHAMPYRS STRUGGLE TO FIND A PLACE jN A WORLD jN WHICH THEY CAN NEVER FULLY
BELONG. SOME LiVE AMONG THE HuNGRY Dean, ACTING AS COURTIERS, MESSENGERS OR
AGENTS FOR THEJR VAMP)RIC PARENTS, BUT THE KUEj=j)N NEVER QUjTE ACCEPT THEM AS
EQUALS. THEY ARE ONLY HALF-DAMNED, AFTER ALL. OTHER SHADE WALKERS TRY TO LiVE
HUMAN LjVES, BUT THE RAGE OF THE DEMON SOUL WiTHIN THEM, AND THEJR WjLD JOSS,
MAKES THAT EQUALLY DjFFICULT. THE TWiLIGHT CHILDREN FOREVER HAVE ONE FOOT jN THE
GRAVE AND THE OTHER ON THE ACCELERATOR.

THE FOLLOWjNG FOUR CHARACTER TEMPLATES jLLUSTRATE THE POSSjBjLITIES AND CONTRAD|C-
TIONS OF HALF=DAMNED EXjSTENCE. EACH CHARACTER jS FIGHTING TO FIND HiS OWN SPACE,
WHETHER HE KNOWS jT OR NOT. THESE TEMPLATES ARE READY TOPLAY AS START)NG CHARAC~
TERS OR CAN SERVE AS QUjCK STORYTELLER CHARACTERS. Use THEM AS YOU SEE FjT.


68 Har-Dareuo: Duanerr

Crusty @ln COURtCLER

Prelude: You were born way!back in the 1700s, raisédjin atime when the!
Hungry Dead didn't have to dealywith the decadentiand foul Westerners.
Brought up bysyour father inthe splendor of the Blood Court, you saw the
wonders of the Wan Kuei, You wéte proud to serve your father, managing his
resources in the niortal realm, being his eyes and ears in the sunlit world. You
learned much of the ways of Chi — and even discovered a little about
manipulating your personal luck.

But as the years passed, it became obvious that your loyal service went
unnoticed. Even as you carried out his every order, tended to his every
whim, committed acts that would curdle the,sotil of normal man,
he still denied you the acknowledgment that you cravedMEyen
after all™these years, the Kuei-jin treat yousWith ‘the. casual
contempt theyféserve for those too usefulforthem to kill, but too'
far beneath them téibe accordedifespect.

Now,aftef two and alHalf centuries, you've begun to see
what little regard your fatherarithhis compatriots haye for'you.
You aréya tool to them, néthing more», You're not quite
prepared to betray your father and his court tothe Bamboo

Princes or the Yama Kings — yet-butifyourcontributions

continue to gounheralded, you may,just decide to takesome.

sort of rash,action.
Coritept?¥ou go through'the fhotions that you khowso
)_ well. You organize your father's'Scarlet Screens. Youfile his
records. Youlhide the bodies heseaves behind. But now you
are takiighotes, watching and waiting for the chance to show
your ungratefiil parent just what almere child" can do. You
know a great déal, aitd/that ean be very valuable.

Roleplaying Hints? You'vebeen the servant of you parent

and the courts for as long as you an remember, and you've about)

they are due — and not a hair more. You are far older and more
experienced than many of the hin that you are forced to deal witht
ona daily basis, and you take every opportunity to let them know
it. Laugh at their mistakes, but correct them and sh6w théfiithe
true way. Afterall, it's the best way toshowtheit youare superior.
And when you are crossed, maké Sure you satisfyyour P'o's cries
for vengeance.
Equipment: An apartment in'th@ city as well as a country
house, a small pistol, a room filled with meditation aids and.
occult paraphernalia

Quote: Of couree) blessed au-
cotton Az you Commadd. Whispered)
You impendovP Old bastard...

-_

Ow

ys; =? a SS

ti

—_—

NAME: NATURE: Architect CONCEPT: Srnsty Old Conrisr
PLAYER: P/O NATURE: Traditionalist PARENTAGE:
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Tks Glave wu:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL
Strength______@ @ 000 Charisma. Perception.
Dexterity______ @ 0000 Manipulation_ Intelligence.
Stamina @@000 Appearance Wits.
ABjLITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@000 AnimalKen___O 0000 Academics. 00000
Athletics, @0000 Drive O0000 Computer. 00000
Brawl. O0000 Etiquette_____@® @® @ 0 O Finance. o0000
Dodges ® @O OO Firearms______® 0 0 O O Investigation___.® OOOO
Empathy_____0 0000 Martial Artt__@@@0OO Law. Oo0000
Expression 00000 Melee______0 000 O Linguistics. Oo0000
Intimidation @@000 Performance. @@000 Medicine o0000
Leadership. 90000 Security. 090000 Occult. @ee0o00o
Streetwise_____00000 Stealth @@@0 0 Politics.
Subterfuge. @@000 Survival 090000 Science. oe0000
ADVANTAGES
SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS ViRTUES
Passive Toes 070 O00 Age. @e0e@@0 Conscience___®@000
Atle 90000 fw _@®@@®00 ¢elf-Control____®@ee0
Skt _ -®OO0O0O0 90000 Y¥inChi oo0000
fnketinm  __ ® ®OO0O0 90000
Courage. @e0ee0
OOS eo aS Yang Chi do000
HEALTH
OTHER TRAITS HUMANITY
adrathe ee000 ©0080080000 ae O
90000 joss Hurt 10
oooo0 2BA200000000 Injured 10
00000 Wounded 20
00000 WILLPOWER Mauled 20
00000 ©®@®@®000000 —_ <1 a
sco0e BQURGURR—0G0 wae
90000 0 RITES
21010 930901000010 00
90000
90000
90000 QOO00000000
90000 DEMON CHi


70

Haur-Dannen: Duaneyr

<a>
DEMLGOD. Or GAMBLERS

Prelude: Your life was a pretty normal6ne, all things considéted.. Born' to — well}
adopted by, as you found out later — a tiiiddle class family in Taiwan, you grew up with
a loving mother and father, a kid sistér,and an attitude. You were a sharp kid, and it
didn't take you lofig tofigure out how, good.you were at games of chance. Pretty soon,

no one, not even your own mother and father, would play games with you. They got
tirediof Iosing.

School was a breeze for you even though you didn't pay much attention, and you
graduated without a problem. From there it was on to the university, just like your
parents wanted. But as much as you applied yourself, it wasn't long before you were
ditching class to hang out in the gambling halls near the campuis. Heteyour affinity
for games of chance blossomed into a full-blown talent for gambling.

Then the bottom felf'ut, You remember it so well. Overa millionWS dollars
riding on one die roll, and you Won. Too bad the gambling hallbbelonged to that
Triad boss. His thugs interrogated You a day later, l66king for the money you'd
won, and when theycouldm'eget you to talk, they puta bullet in youphead and
léfeyouyinethe orunk of a.car neanthejairport?

Somehowyou suityiveds The Triad's money (which you had wiredto
a secret Swiss bank,account) allowed you to establish yourself in'Hong
Kong. You leatned how to defend yourself in caseyour skills ever got you
inetrottbleAgain, and your inétedible luck and a bluffior two have képryou
in clover ever since.

Concept: Now you're the toast of the Hong Kong gambling scene. Life would
belwonderful — if it wasn'tfor all the weird thingsithat have been happening to
you lately. First you ended up getting déagged into tharthing with the Ambassador's
daughter. And then the odd business with that seriabkiller. And just who is that man
intheblack trench coat who keeps Watching you? Over the last year you've witnessed
some very strange things and met some very strange péople (at least you think they're
people), and you're starting to get the idea that there is more going on in the city than
most people see.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the epitome of the thrill-seeking gambler. Live fast)
Take chances. Your incredible luck has made you overconfident in the extreme, but
the power of your joss always sees you through. You may have a tough time dealifig
with the supernatural world that you now begin to see all around you, but hopefully
your phenomenal luck will hold out long enough for you to get acclimated.

Equipment: A penthouse condominium, a closet full of impeeéably, tailored,
suits, a wide selection of intimidating firearms, enoughlaveicudé'for 1Omormalmeén.

Note: If you are using the Merits and Flaws system, this character has the
Ignorance of Self Flaw and 4 extra freebie points to spend,

Qinote® Luck has nolliits foo with i,
my friend.

"_— ee

NAME: NATURE: Thril(-besker CONCEPT: Demigod of Gamblers
PLAYER: PO NATURE: 6a(/er? PARENTAGE:
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Tks Deceiver wu:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@000 Charisma @@@0 0 Perception @eeooo
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation @@@ @ © Intelligence. @e@e0o00o
Stamina @@000 Appearance @ee00 Wits @eeeod
ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@@00 Animal Ken 90000 Academics. o0000
Athletics, OOO Drive @0000 Computer. @eo0000
Brawl @0o00d Etiquette. 90000 Finance. @e@eeo0o0
Dodge. @@00O0 Firearms_____@ @ @ 0 O Investigation___O O0 00
Empathy_____O 0000 Martial Ars___@®@0O0OO Law. @ee000
Expression OQO000 Melee___+_.90 000 O Linguistics. o0000
Intimidation ____@ 0 O OO Performance. @0000 Medicine __00000
Leadership. 90000 Security. 90000 COccult o0000
Streetwise @e@eeo Stealth @@000 Politics. o0000
Subterfuge @e@ee@ed Survival 90000 Science. o0000
ADVANTAGES
SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS ViRTUES
Dale  O0000 die  @@000 Conscience_____® ®®@0
00000 fatwa __@@©@@®@ curcontrol__eeceee
DOO0OO Reames ® @ @ BO YinChi oo0000
hoped Do See Courage. @e@@00
D9 0 0'0) Nang Chi gdo000
HEALTH
OTHER TRAITS HUMANITY
00000 ©8000 88880D reid Q
(21210 ogo | joss Hurt Es .G)
ooo000 GUaGgAAAAA Injured 1Q
00000 Wounded ye |
00000 WiLLPOWER Mauled 2Q
00000 @©8@@e@e@e80000 Crippled 5Q
Incapacitated Q
ooo00 QDO00000000
900000 sie RITES
209922. GOO 0000/0
90000
00000
90000 QODO00000000


72 Hair-Danuen: Dianpyr

—=
he siiin WessSeNGeR.

Prelude: You were born to a Kuei-jin mother over two centuries ag6/a rare event indeed, a8ithoseof her Dharma!
are not usually given to be scarlet cycled voluntarily. You mother gradually introduced yousto the world of thé Gui
Ren throughout your teenage years, but made sure that'you had enough contact with the mortal world that it was not
strange to you. Even then she was grooming you fér your tfue purpose: télbe her intermediary with the sunlit world.
Eventually you stood by her side, her honored child (or so you felt).

But your mother was a harsh taskmistress and did not suffer even the slightest failure easily. You chaffed under her
heavy hand. After a century of taking care of things for her, you were ready for a little more autonomy. When you saw
a chance to break free of her, you did. You declared yourself heimin and, once you had approval from the ancestors,
became an intermediary and spy for the Quincunx. It's been over 50 years since that day, and you're still not sure if
your mother has forgiven you yet.

Your life was a fascinating and eventful one for many years, and you did not doubt/thatyour new,positioniwas.

all that you needed for happin€8smThen, last year, you receiveda lettér fromJinKai

Wai shortly before his death. You hadnever met your féllowShadeWalker, but the

truths that burned in that simple piéee of papenfchaiiged everything for you.

Fortunately, you were abletodesttoy the lettétibefore any of the investigators got
around to questioning you.

Concept: You've spent thelast year wondering what yowshould do, Constant
meditation and contemplation have yet to reveal the answer to you..One thing is
for sure: Now that you know your soul's heritagesyoucan't really stayor the
sidelines any longer. The Kuei-jimyou seryearedefinitely notonthe
Road Back, and it's up to yout to do what you.can
tépoint the direétion forthem,
Roleplaying*Hints: You felish your out-
sider status, asvimallows you the freedom to go
almost anywhere in the Middle Kingdom — as
long as you have séme business there. When
You don't have Business for your court, you're
pretty much Jeft to yourself, Of course, everything you own
is provided for you by the Quincunx, so you pretty mucht
have to jump when they say so.

You've convinced yourself that your heimin status
puts you ina safe position for the coming crisis. Buewith
your new self-knowledge, you know you have to taker
active part in the world, or the Age of Sorrow,will bé
disastrous indeed.

Equipment: Léfgesbuti'sparsely! furnished
apartment, BMW.X5 SAY, piimip-action shot-
gun, larges€aliber pistol, passports from 13
different count#iés, $1,000 in traveling cash,
letter of transit ftom the Blood Court, a ton of,
frequent flier miles

Quote. Keep your
WtAuds oF 4-0F me! Fhave
a message for your
tha hero the Revered
AneeHOrhimgel+!

NAME: NATURE: Marty? CONCEPT: Hsimin Messenger
PLAYER: P/O MATURE: Ths Morksy PARENTAGE:
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: /o237 wu:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@000 Charisma. Perception. @eeed
Dexterity__mtm @ @ OOO Manipulation_: Intelligence. e
Stamina @@000 Appearance. Wits. @eee00
ABjLITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@000 AnimalKen___0 0000 Academics. O0000
Athletics. @@000 Drive @@000 Computer. @eoo0oo
Brawl 00000 Etiquettt_____e @ @ 0 O Finance. o0000
Dodge___=s—®@ @ OOO Firearms______®@ @ O O O Investigation. Oo0000
Empathy___$_O0 O 000 Martial Arts @e@000 Law. e0000
Expression.__O 0000 Melee 00000 Linguistics. @ee000
Intimidation___O © 00 O Performance. 90000 Medicine 00000
Leadership, 00000 Security 9 O000 Occult. o0000
Streetwise @@000 Stealth @@000 Politics. @ee0oo0o
Subterfuge @@000 Survival @@000 Science. ©10'O:0'0
ADVANTAGES
SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
Cael  O0000 dg @@000 Conscience—___®®000
Buk' __@®OOO0O Cutt __@®@@®0OO SelfControl_@eee0
mth!  @@®O000 fw ss ®@ BOO YinChi oo0000
rode Be a> Bo Mebakaiieeeee Manet «Wo Be ke Goa aa636
99,0; 0:0 99990 Yang Chi doo000
OTHER TRAITS HUMANITY si ia
00000 @©@@8®@8@0000 ies 0
90000 joss Hurt 10
oooo00 2aNN000000R Injured 1Q
00000 Wounded cy Pica)
00000 WILLPOWER Mauled 20
00000 @@@@®000000 Poi a
90000 QQQ00000000 — o
90000 RITES
ro
29.002 5GO,. OO O'O.0'O.0 0
90000
900000
90000 Q000000000
900000 DEMON CHi


74

o~—
WicLicw? BiieeéWireree

Prelude: "You grew up in ruralpChina, inculcated
with theideology of ChairmamMao at a young age: You
@mbracéd the party philosophy and purged with the best
of themduting the Cultural Revolution. But the often
savage brutality of the revolution (which that strange
little Voice in your head often urged you to participate
in) soured youon the Communists, and even though you
had risen to a considerable rank in the party, you were
beginning to wonder where your life was heading.

Then you met your father,

He introduced you to a sé¢retand corrupt worldyof
mystétious power and decadent pleasure' andiyouswere
taken in by iteFor years you were no longer one of the masses
but one of the oppressors, ovérseéing a little corner of your
father'sseetet world:

But your.reyolutionary spirit could not be quenched
forevernlt took you a few decades to figure out how things
really, worked in the courts of the"Wan Kuei: Oncé your
father's tales of power and immortality became repetitive,
‘YOu awoke from the moraltorpor thatyowhad been lulledintos

Asvyou looked afound) you realized that parterns of dominance
and oppression wéte, eVident,everywhere — and you were at the
bottom of the social foddchain. S6, whet' you were contacted bythe

self-styled "Bamboo Prince" Gai Sensitwas a simple choice to start
working for hin

Concept: You've since transcended the shackles of corrupt
Communist thought, and haye graduated to being a full-time
Y anarchist. Aligned with a much more egalitarian group bent on

smashing the entrenched powerstructure, you feel totally at home
for the first time in your life. And while you try to keep a seriotis
attitude, in your heart of hearts you're laughing your head off as you
stick it to the Man.

Roleplaying Hints: You were a revolutionary before you were con#
tacted by the Bamboo Princes, and you have applied yourself to their causé
witha burning fervor in the yearssince. When working in aBéffiboo Prifiee

wu, pursue your duties to the utmost of your abilitys¥oulmay even. beiiére
fanatical about smashing the steely grip of the mandarinsthafi your Kuei-jin
compatriots. When undercover, make suré your Companions underestimate
you. The less they think of you, the more theyiwill talk — and allow you to
overhear information you can pass on to your revolutionary brothers.

Equipment: A sparsely furnished apartméntinarun-down partoftown,
a selection of easily concealed firearms, a laptop withiall the trimmings, a
secure satellite phone, four or five different sets of forgediidentification
papers, a library of revolutionary literature

Quoler*lial iely sll well
wa soca, but heAxzoF Sorrow is

7 t\\ Foun' And "m-hol leHing

———

NAME: NATURE: Bravo CONCEPT: Twilight Bamboo Warrior
PLAYER: P/O NATURE: The Demon PARENTAGE:
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: /is/onary wu:
ATTRJBUTES
SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. Charisma__t_@ @® 0 O O Perception
Dexterity___ Manipulation__@ @ O O O Intelligence
Stamina Appearance. @e000 Wits.
ABjLITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@000 Animal Ken. 90000 Academics. o0000
Athletics, @0000 Drive @@000 Computer. @eeeo0oo
Brawl @000 Etiquette. 90000 Finance.
Dodge. @@@00 Firearms_____@ @ @ 0 O Investigation.
Empathy. 90000 Martial Artts___0O0000 Law.
Expression 090000 Melee @@@ 0 O Linguistics C
Intimidation 90000 Performance___O 0000 Medicinet_+_+_.® @®000
Leadership. 90000 Security. 90000 OCccult. oo0000
Streetwise @@000 Stealth @@@0 0 Politics @ee000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival 0'0' 0'9 0 ‘TSitente =. O'G 0200.
ADVANTAGES
SPECIAL ABILITIES BACKGROUNDS VIRTUES
Ll = OO OOO Ae ® © 000 Conscience_____® ©
999000 ttt _@@@@O Self-Control_@eee0
90000 Katy ® @OO0)0O YinChi ooooo0
9OO0OO etme  @OO000
Courage. @@000
Oe eros Yang Chi doog0
HEALTH
OTHER TRAITS HUMANITY
00000 ©0000080000 mae QO
o0000 joss Hurt Ps a
oO of0lo'o "NR Gala 0 Ooo Injured fa)
00000 Wounded 20
00000 WILLPOWER Mauled 20
e@oee20ee0eee0 Crippled 5Q
OM Ore Incapacitated Q
ooooo0 QU00000000 z
0.0 0 ONG 20 RITES
OPO MF BEBE .O-0/0_0'0,0 O.0
(oN Se Ho ae |
90000
90000 02000000000
900000 DEMON CHi



m= oe Re

Aprewoix: Trwucer Warriors @

APPENDIX
FWILTLNT
WAKKIORS

tion. Thanks in large part to the machinations of their Kuei-jin

parents, most Twili
out building a network mtacts among their ov
similar trend has kept many dhampyrs from ever attaining
of fame the shen of the Middle Kingdom
But times are changing. The world lurches toward the Sixth Age
ind the dhampyrs have a role to play. The following three characters
ll in their own way, bringing the half-damned to center stage in

rl

77

78

Harr-Dasmun: Duanern

Tj Fens, CHjip oF THE AGEs

Off the coast..of Hong' Kong;»far. fromthe' waters
traveled frequently by modern people, there is.a small
rocky island. On this island, in a)wooden shack, livesa
littleold mans

Nobody knows much about him — in fact, only a
very few people know thathe exists at all. Occasionally
afisherman sails by and sees the tiny figure moving about
on the rocks down by the waters, pulling in his nets. Or
a hiker on one of the neighboring islands might spot a
distant lantern moving about in the darkness. When
someone actually sets foot on the island, the fisherman
always greets them cordially, introduces himself as Ti
Feng and offers them the hospitality of his tiny cabin.
Visitors find him an engaging but simple conversation-
alist, given to great rumination on the wind, the water
and the fish.

But the old man has a secret. Ti Feng is much more
than an impoverished fisherman, contemplating the
nature of the universe on his rocky atoll. He is one of
the last remaining Golden Children, the offspring of
the Wan Xian.

Feng was born in what is now mainland China in the
Age of Legends, the product of the union of a Wan Xian
father and a mortal mother. Feng was a hero in his time,
walking proudly beside his Immortal parent. His exploits
were the stuff of mythology — defeating horrible mon-
sters, making and fulfilling outrageous wagers, and engag-
ing in numerous amorous exploits. The world was his
playground, and Ti Feng played with gusto.

Then came the terrible sickness that afflicted his
father and the other Wan Xian. Arrogance. Insatiable

hunger for power. Total contempt for the celestialshar-
mony. Ti Feng watched it, agonizingvover his. father's
behavior, but did nothing: Unable to face the degenera-
tion of the man he loved any longer, Ti Feng traveled far
to the north, trying to escape his nagging conscience in
the solitude of the steppes of Asiay While he ran, most of
the other Golden Children confronted their parents —
and paid with their lives. It was.d choice he has regretted
for millennia.

Even far from the courts, Ti Feng felt it when the
mandate of Heaven was withdrawn from the Ten Thou-
sand Immortals. He returned to the courts in secret,
observing the twisted monsters that the Wan Kuei had
become and learning the fate of his fellow Golden Chil-
dren. Ti Feng turned his back on his father's people and
struck out into the world on his own.

The following millennia were long ones. Ti Feng
traveled from one end of the earth to the other, seeking
solitude and peace from the horror of his memories. As
much as he has traveled, he has found little solace.

It was only a hundred years ago that Ti Feng finally
returned to the Middle Kingdom — and encountered a
dhampyr for the very first time. When he looked at the
offspring of the Wan Kuei, he saw a soul that was familiar
to him within the Shade Walker's half-dead body. It was
the soul of a Golden Child.

In the years since, Ti Feng has studied the Shade
Walkers as intently as possible without revealing himself
to either the dhampyrs or their parents. He now knows
more about the Twilight Children than anyone and has
confirmed that each dhampyr carries within him a soul of
one of the original children of the Wan Xian» As the signs
of the impending Age of Sorrow become obvious, Ti Feng
has realized that it is time for him to apply some of the
knowledge that he has gathered.

His first attempt was a mitigated success. He con-
tacted an elder dhampyr Jin Kai Wai — and!in-
formed him of the truth of his history. Whilesheshad
intended to use Jin Kai Wai to subtly spread thetruth
of the spirits within the Shade Walkersy'the dying
dhampyr's "bulk mailing" techniqué drew far_more:
attention than Ti Feng intended. Heisnow laying low
until the mandarins calm down.

Ti Feng knows that if the dhampyrs are to play their
proper role in the upcoming time of troubles, they mustbe
told the truth about their souls. His latest candidate for
instruction is Mao Li Wen, a dhampyr who serves among
the Shih demon hunters.

Mao L; Win,
Hatr-DeMon oF THE SHjH

Mao Li Wen's childhood was an ordinary enough
one for Kowloon in the 1920s. Her father worked
nights and slept all day, so Wen didn't see much of
him, but he was loving enough when she did, and her
mother more than made up for it. She went to school

ie 6 el eee

i re ee

**+- * -

=

Arreuoix: Twucr Warajors

79

and grew into her‘teens, all withoutsknowing any-
thing was out.of the ordinary.

Then came that horrible night. As she watched
through theicracked doorway ofthe basemient, she saw her
beloved father!butcher her mother like a piece of live-
stock, the blood from her, body evaporating into a red
mist. The horrified'teenager cowered in her hiding place
as her father pledged his soulto Hell right before her eyes.

Asfaras she was concerned, herfatherdied then and there.

While her father slept the next day, the girl packed
up/a few prized possessions, gathered together as much
money as she could and left — but not before setting the
house.in which she had been raised on fire. She stayed
longiendugh to be sure that nothing could have sur-
vived, then disappeared.

Nothing more was heard of Mao Li Wen for over
twenty years. No one knows exactly what happened
during those two decades, butat some point Mao Li Wen
was inducted into the)brothethood of demon hunters
known as the Shih. While the Shih are notoriously
paranoid about whom they allow to join their ranks,
Mao Li Wen's actions in regard to her father evidently
€onyinced them of her dedi¢ation)She spent the next
decade. in hiding, training herself for her new career.
Mao, Li Wen, the.dutifulsdaughter, was gone, burned
away in the fires of shame. What rémains now is Mao Li
Wen, theyShih warrior, Keeper of théyBalance and
Glorious Devil Hunter.

Mao Li Wen is an.unconfirmed rumor, as faras'most
Kuei-jin are concerned. Those who have crossed her path:
usuallysSee her/as am.upstart or a traitor, one with a
significant number of Kuei-jin killsunder her belt (more
than any other Shihy iftherumfiors are true). Afew young
wilactively hunther in hopesof gainingstatus bypresent-
ing her head to an ancestor; they've had little luck
tracking her down, however. Mostly this has to do with!
her own skills at evading pursuit, But she.also has some
important allies.

Several members of the akuma-hunting,Black Iron
Talon sect of the Devil-Tigers admire Mao Li Wen's
dedication to her cause and have funneled information!
about some highly placed akuma tothe demon hunter.
Mao Li Wen's outsider status and deadly skills allow her
to efficiently bring the Final Death to akumia too\well
connected for the Devils of Heaven to touch. She returns
this respect, but has assured even the Hungry Dead thatif}
they set one foot beyond the boundariés defined for them
under Heaven, she'll pay them a visit.as well.

Several penangallan queens in the Golden Courts also
informally admire Mao Li Wen, both for her fervor and her
gender. A few times when thingshave gotten alittle too hot
for her in other parts of the Middle Kingdom, the Golden
Courts have offered her a safé haven. She is uncomfortable
with this support, but accepts it to further her mission.

The Yama Kings are none too pleased about an upstart'
half-breed interfering with their plans for crowning the!
Demon Emperor. Mikaboshi has taken a special dislike of

this Shih (probably due to her Kuei-jin heritage),and has
hatched many aconvoluted plan for Mao Li Wen'sdestruic-
tion. Itremains to be seen ifthe canny dhampyrcan survive
the focused attentions of the Lord of the Wicked City.

Mao Li Wen is not the most powerful opponenrthat
an akuma might face, but she is among the most versatile.
In addition to her innate joss and the Chi manipulation
powers she apparently learned during her disappearance,
she hasymastered the deadly Shih martial art of Mo Chi
Kung Fu. She fights with a controlled rage, each blow
struck anjattempt to atone for-her father's weakness —
and her mother's death.

Mao Li Wen's latest targets are very close to home:
the so-éalléd Black Sun Children of Japan. Guided by an
oldifisherman from Hong Kong, she has uncovered these
twisted Shade"Walkers and started to/hiint them.

PROFLE

Nature: Perfectionist

P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Fanatic

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma/3,/Manipulation 2, Appearance.3, Perception 3,
Intélligence 2, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Investigation 3, Martial Arts5, Medicine 2, Meditation3,
MeleeSOccullt 3, Stealth 4, Streetwise 3, Survival 2

Special Abilities: Passive Joss, Black Wind), Mo Chi
Kung Fu

Backgrounds: Allies3, Mentor 4

Conscience: 4, Self-Control: 4, Courage: 5
Humanity: 8, Willpower: 8, P'o: 1

Haur-Dasaun: Dnarern

Huang Mo,
The Hippen Man

To the mandarins of the Blood Court, Huang Mo is a
model.dhampyr..He keeps out of the ways($peaks only
when heisspoken to and obeys his father's orders without
question. He isthe atchetype of what a dhampyrshould be
in the Quinéunx.

Few would guess the black heart that slumbers within
Huang Mo's unassuming body. Some of this darkness can
be attributed to an aceident of birth — Huang's father was
poisoned by a bakemono shortly before (conceiving his
son, and his Chi was corrupted to the extent that his son's
P'o was much stronger than normal. Huang Mo was
pulling the wings off flies and torturing cats almost before
he could walk.

The boy's capacity for evil made him fit in quite
nicely in the courts, and few within the Blood Court have
questioned the enthusiasm with which he has pursued
even the most brutal tasks assigned him by his father. At
most, his behavior inspires envy among those few jina
with dhampyr children of their own. "Why can't you be
more like Huang Mo?"

They'd change their tune if they knew what the
young (by dhampyr standards) man was really up to.
The Yama Kings didn't even have to come looking for
Huang Mo: He went looking for them. Before his
fiftieth year had passed, he pledged his soul to
Mikaboshi's service. Since that black day, he has been
the Lord of the Wicked City's eyes and ears in the
Blood Court. Few Kuei-jin even take notice of Huang
Mo, making him an ideal spy.

The beast within chafes at such subtle maneuvering
sOmetimes, and Huang Mo.dreamsiofiithe day when
Mikaboshitiis,crownedsthé Demon Emperor, and he can
personally cast the writhing souls of the mandarins of the
Blood Court — his fathémincluded — into Yomi for an
eternity of torment.

Fornow, Huang Mo keeps a low profile, aslumbering
serpent in the heart of the Blood/Court. His eyes are
always open for inexperienced hin that can be tured to
his dark master's cause, and he gathers his strength for the
day the Mikaboshi gives him the word to strike.

‘PROFILE

Nature: Monster

P'o Nature: The Slave

Demeanor: Conformist

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2,Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3, Perception 2,
Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Academics 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 3, Etiquette 3, Expression 4, Leadership 2,
Linguistics 4, Meditation 1, Occult 3, Politics 3,
Security 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 5

Special Abilities: Passive Joss (Tainted), Jade
Shintai 1, Hellweaving 5

Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Face 5, Retainers 3

Conscience: 2, Self-Control: 5, Courage: 5

Humanity: 4, Willpower: 4, P'o: 5
