# File: Halls of the Arcanum.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Pilgrims ofthe Glittering Path

Poe

a.

° aE CPE ERR EP TES Er TER i ee ete te

Credits

Written by: James Estes

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Laura Perkinson

Art Director: Chris McDonough
Layout and Typesetting: John E. Park

Art: Mike Chaney, Brent Tramell, Robert McNeil,
Rick Emond

Front Cover Art: Terese Nichsen

Back Cover Art: Ash "Snack Pants" Arnett

Front and Back Cover Design: Chris McDonough
Maps: John E. Park

White Walt, Ine. Executives
Mark Rein® Haven and Stewart Wieck, Owners
Stephan Wieck, President

Wes Harms, Vice President of Licensing & Contracting

Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales & Marketing

Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and Design

Ken Clifte, Director of Development and Editing
Bengamin T. Monk, [r., Controller

Rebecca Schaeter, Warehouse Manager

Call (F04) 292-1819

Special Thanks To:

Rich "Idol Worship" Thomas, tor meeting Ellison
head-on.

Aileen "Poster Girl" Miles, for her Come Strip score.

Larry "Rage Across the Appalachia" Snelly. tor mak-
ing the calendar go by the hoard.

Kathy "Marauder Girl" Ryan, tor vetting her ong.
overdue revenge on Brian for eating her last nectarine

Chris "Peach Fuzz" McDonough, tor Carrying on ihe
White Wolf beard tradition — barely!

Josh "High Quality"

Wings... crusade.

Timbrook, for hus one-man

Shaggy "Doggie-Styling" Dixon, for treakin' out th'
wimminfolk with nekkid werewolves, anime graphics ind
sex-change Inphobia.

John "Monseiur Medusa" Park, for his imitation ot
Eraserhead.

Scott "Nine Months"
hopes to break.

Ash "Slick" Arnett, tor scammin' SCAD horel rooms.

Cohen

tor the yok habue he

1 Suite 100
Pek 780 PARK NORTH BLD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO

€ 1995 by White Wolf. All rights resérved. Re-
production without written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except tor the purpose of reviews.
Mage: The Ascension and Halls of the Arcanum are
trademarks of White Wolf Game Studio. All names,

titles, characters and text herein are copyrights of

White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

The mention of or reterence to any companies oF
products in these pages is nota challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
diseretton ts advised. PRINTED IN CANADA.

Author's Dedications and Thanks

1 would like to thank a number of people. starting
with Terry Kevin Amthor, who helped me eer my tect in
the industry door.

[am truly grateful to Kimberly Hausbeck and Matmun
Khan, both of whom helped me experience the tox of
storytelling, and encouraged me to pick up the pen and
start writing.

My gratitude also goes out to my Brothers trom rhe Ni
Stimac pledge class of Delta Lambda Phi. whe helped me
learn the meaning of Brotherhood and the Bong.

Thanks are particularly due to Thomas Walker. tor
his usual support and encouragement (and 1 ler ines!)
during the writing of this book.

Finally, Halls of the Arcanum ts dedicated te ny
parents, George and Evelina Estes, for starting me on the
Journey and encouraging me along the wav. [tail sarted
with the Great Books and the Enevelopacdia Britannic.
With love and gratitude, your son.

2

Hatts oF THE ARCANUM


Table of Gontents
Prelude 4

Introduction , , 7

Book |: The Neophyte's Guidebook

Chapter One: The Way ofthe Pilgrim (Joining the Arcanum) q
—~ Chapter Two: The Darkling Road (The World Within and Without) 19
Chapter Three: Through a Glass, Darkly (Politics 6 Workings) 4]

Book ll: The Journeyman's Guidebook
Chapter Four: Character Creation 51
Chapter Five: Trav'lers on the Road (Templates and Characters) 65

Book Ill: The Mystagogue's Guidebook

Chapter Six: Behind the Veil 83
Appendix One: Alchemy : 94
Appendix Two: Artifacts 100
Suggested Readings 102

ConTENTS


owe OED

Fraginen
Unni

ts poe Diay

"n . i : 3 . | Y
ee. Sapa a. er f
; . As I walked through the wilderness of world, I lighted on: vo f
acertain-place, where was a de id I lati me down in that plagé ; ;
i 3 to sleep: and asT slept I dreamgdjardream. I dreamed, and behold thy
f I saw a man clothed with ing in a certain place, with his ‘
a fac®'from his own book in. his hand, and a gfeat burden. *- "ge a f
a upon his back. I looked, and saw him open the book, and read . a P
¢ therein; and as he read, he wept and trembled: and not being able~-= ; .
: longer to contain, he' brake out with a lamentable cry; saying, é Nhe ae
| <i "What shall I do?" _ SA ing
i _ >t — John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress ‘| 4
‘em, [am an old man now, my bones ‘fy and brittle, about . nursedon Greek and Latin' Odysseus was my father, Athena
" to snap under the pressing weight of he Ae Some —s my mother, Aeneas my brother=Lalways thought that when. zs
critic§ have warned that a little knowledge-is dangerous I entered university, | would begin formal traininp'in thé"
thing: I would posit | that more knowledge is a terrifying' Classics, for an academic career of teaching and research i in
thing. I have spent tt' much. of my life in the Arcanum, the ljreratures of Greece and Rome. e «7

cloistered away in this monastery, dedicating my life to the
» ° pursuits of the o: While those of my generation are

=

nd

‘When my formal studies began, however, thtook a.

new direction: A fellow student introduced me to-Fersian

%
"7 prepared to retig surrounded by the love and support of and Sanskrit, and my imagination was rekindled. The hb *
* family members, I am alone, with only the company of sacred texts of ran and India were opened to me; the, * _ 7

others like tnyself — the numb comforting the numb. The Avestas and the Vedas were my new den, the-Mahabharata . OS

Arcanum is my family now, and | must wonder if it was worth and the Persian Epic of Kings my new playground. | began =
- the cost. My e yg are dim from reading, my hands ache from comprehensive study of the myths and epics of the Indo: sg" ¥
"writing, and I a brood of vipers in my family's veryden. European heritage. My mind was. voraci us, my intellect = = 73 . s
I first jqg ged the Arcanum as a tuddy-faced youth, fresh. expanding beyond bound. ~ of ‘ ¥

_ from years of schooling in England's finest institutions. I was * ~:

io)

-


time I earned my doctorate, I could have taught in beets

languages I studied their cultures, their beliefs and mytholo-
% gies. My pursuits were fickle, yes — one day I was inquirt
+ into the rituals of the Scythians and the Medes, and another
f day I sought to understand the mythology.of the Celts. I
searched for links between the thoughts and langues of
otherwise disparate peoples, and glimpsed an glement of ,
universality through them afl, a phenomena. which has"
largely gone unnoticed or ignored.* "

and Tibetan were adequate, I felt little need to study the
cultures of these regions. But I digress.) :

It was because of my linguistic dexterity that Efirst came
to the attention ‘of chefcanum. Having just graduated,T -
was facirlg the grim task of seeking employmerit. My fluenty
in a passel of tongues offered me prospects as, transla

i aL
teacher, but I felr that my destiny lay elsewhere. It: waspin
fact, one rainy Sunday afternoon, as I was contemplating'my

garden-view window, that I heard a knock on my door. My.

Persian and Sanskrit.

into the soft sable night. I joined the Arcanum that evening.

Oh, the years of exploration and adventure! Voyager
abroad, my fellow Journeymen and I traveled the world ;
month in Cairo, another in Lima; we were a happy band of
scholars and investigators. Ascending the mist-shrouded
Andes or burrowing through ancient cavedwellings in
Cappadocia, debating philosophy or reading ancient texts
to all hours of the night — these were the happiest times of
my life.
But such happiness could not live forest Our lodge
eventually grew apart: some colleague qpbarked upon
personal quests, and devoted less a $ time, to coopera-
tive efforts, while others retired to raisé familigt, and still
others died. w= 3 :

What did I gain from this? I have uncovered the eeuths
behind so many events commonly overlooked, and I have
learned things lost to human history. I have read the Poison
Book, and have learned the secret of the White Tower. I
know the truth ighind the massacre of 30,000 Calvinists by
the French crown on St. Bartholomew's Day. I know why
the hearts and bodies of the Hapsburgs are buried separately
in the Loretto Chapel. I have seen what secrets lie behind

SS

te

every language programme at Oxford or Cambridge. With:
language comes thought, and with the acquisition of these ;

¥

(Imust confess briéfly that the languages of the feet: f
., Strangely, held little appeal to me. Although my Mandarin ©

Visitors were two of my former professors,'scholars in Old
y P :

We spoke for hours, the gray afternoon sliding gently ©

_ encounters which serve-niét-to enrich this essential core'

= travels is of little id

*

ro

*

tangential to my true quest:

"*. shamanic practices of tribal. "societies, the meditations of -
options (which thus far were none) while sipping tea in my ©

‘evel f utterly 1 eal and anlar (
‘what c Contemporary man believes f

sand not a terminus? But these experiences were u

The soul is cloaked bya * etime of. 5:

» this fragment of diy

Orthodox monks atop Mount Athos, ot ‘the clinical pro-
cages itnodern psychotherapy, the final goal is the same:'
‘1 saya the many layers beneath which

I look now at my own
the Arcanum is s honeyca
many secrets as' "may- be ns
what of these secrets?

I am an old man‘i
and I have learne
know. Some dismiss

doddering old fool — but they, > the foakfar beter
so. I will let the secrets corfie t6' e, or they are unwortts
"embark upon, the Journey; and I fear for;. as welly

; They are about to undertake the greats
"anyone e.can imagine. Though séme will fall by the
others may eVentually achieve their goals. Aid's

learn, as the Sufiparable teaches us, that iri
"ultimately we are the sought and Heaven 1


=e

es

: _ spilearned then hin my talent for languages was rar

time I earned my doctorate, | could have taught in almost

every language programme at Oxford or Cambridge. With~ 2 which p rove

language comes thought, and with the acquisition of these
languages I studied their cultures, their beliefs and mytholo-
gies. My pursuits were fickle, yes — one day I was inquiri

into the rituals of the Scythians and the Medes, and another
day I sought to understand the mythology.of the Celts. I
searched for links between the thoughts and angsees of

otherwise disparate peoples, and glimpsed an element of _

universality through them afl, a phenomena. which has
largely gone unnoticed or ignored."

(I must confess briefly that the languages of the Far East,

__ strangely, held little appeal to me. Although my Mandarin

and Tibetan were adequate, | felt little need to study the
cultures of these regions. But I digress.)

It was because of my linguistic dexterity that Ffirst came
to the attention ‘of th -anum. Having just graduated, I*
was facing the grim task of seeking employmerit. My fluency
in a passel of tongues offered me prospects as. translator or
teacher, but I felt that my destiny lay elsewhere. It was,'in
fact, one rainy Sunday afternoon, as I was contemplating my
options (which thus far were none) while sipping tea in my
garden-view window, that I heard a knock on my door. My

Visitors were two of my former professors, scholars in on.

Persian and Sanskrit.

We spoke for hours, the gray afternoon sliding gently
into the soft sable night. I joined the Arcanum that evening.

Oh, the years of exploration and adventure! Voyagerg rs
abroad, my fellow Journeymen and I traveled the worlda
month in Cairo, another in Lima; we were a happy band of
scholars and investigators. Ascending the mist-shrouded
Andes or burrowing through ancient cavedwellings in
Cappadocia, debating philosophy or reading ancient texts
to all hours of the night — these were the happiest times of
my life.
But such happiness could not live forevdle Our lodge
eventually grew apart: some colleagues' embarked upon

personal quests, and devoted less and@és time. to coopera- .

tive efforts, while others retired to raise families, and still
others died. 4

What did I gain from this? I have uncovered the truths
behind so many events commonly overlooked, and I have
learned things lost to human history. I have read the Poison
Book, and have learned the secret of the White Tower. I
know the truth behind the massacre of 30,000 Calvinists by
the French crown on St. Bartholomew's Day. I know why
the hearts and bodies of the Hapsburgs are buried separately
in the Loretto Chapel. I have seen what secrets lie behind

Ci
> =

~

‘i

t took others years of study took A me only months,. ._ .. fate of
i sometimes even weeks, Gaelic, German, Catalan — bythe',

may we come face to face eee i
x ourney and the destinatidncan
~ shamanic practices of tribal. societies, the meditations of -

" cesses

<p ofound statement, thougl itis eo

POENG

je yea eat stitiy si
‘Tuinous. to my health; to learn thatthe
ich I eagerly. sought could be-found | wyjthine.

paler defined my life, owes swerfu
ever utterly real and significant (
what contemporary man believes.
‘meaningless. True, I have'seen and und re
yond the pale of commorily accepted: worl J
dined with magi and seen the fay folk danée by mi
Ihave learned thatdeath is only a milepost

Hae aL

ost on the hi
and not a terminus. But these experiences were vuleimatel
tangential to my true quest... 5 ;

facades and cme veolsgierd i]

painful bathe' species
path'one travels is of little i eo Whether one choosesthe: ~

Orthodox monks atop Mount Athos, or ‘the clinical pro- _
odern psychotherapy, the final goal is the same:'

tol jow to'slice'away the many layers beneath which...
~ the soul buried: This is a painful process, for we buildthese _
Protect ourselves: faom the truth, a truth' which is.

ayers
a er ae hurts" is a.

0 Srepainful, at times,

cliché. tw ae ae
I look now at my own ne. The = Houseths oo
the Arcanum is honeycomb ridden passages as —\
many secrets as‘may be found i the Aréamum itself. And >
what of these secr um is dedicatéd:. tone.
unraveling of mysteri is. a tother truths isithidingiis«
this where the questio: in, or where they end? ~~
woo old to begin another quest), =
nperkiaps more than I was.mi@ant tos.
know. Some dismiss my. gusings- ‘as the pee of a

doddering old fool — but es ore the foakfar oa evin
so. I will let the secrets comfie tome, or they are un'

~-embark upon, ithe Journey; and | fear for; as well
thiem. They are about to undertake the great
anyone | can imagine. Though some will fall by, th
others may eVentually achieve their goals. some
learn, as the Sufiparable teaches us, that irtall oarbe arching
ultimately we are the sought and Heaven the,seeke



ite. #

sap
a a = hg

ad

3 all ee ee Cerakl ot "hen ie ae
ah a2

7
al

Introduction

oF nly 2 =
-@4 oe

ra

rf

sD

io aie = =
Coan pears

f
i

-,

ae Vay ernh fy ay, =

There are some areas of the human mind, and indeed of the world we live in, that
were never meant for investigation. There are always those who delve into the darker
worlds of knowledge, and many pay with their sanity for their interest...

— Intro to Hayward Sanitarium (A Last Minute Productions audioplay)

Halls of the Arcanum is a book — or, more properly, three
books — detailing the organization known as the Arcanum, a
mortal society dedicated to the pursuit and acquisttion of arcahé
knowledge.

The Arcanum's goal is both academic and religious; it exists
in the middle-ground between mystic quest and scholarly activ-
ity. Its members (over 500) come from all walks of life, but it is
known to attract intellectuals: linguists, archeologists, philoso-
phers, historians, etc. But no matter what the profession or
avocation of its members, they are united by acommon purpose:
the search for enlightenment.

We live in a sanitized world, where the true meaning, the
richness of life, is stripped away by the antiseptic nature of
contemporary society. The Arcanum looks back to a time
when the cosmos held some significance; everything had a
purpose, nothing was coincidental, and the world was a repre-
sentation of the divine. For some, this means the investigation
of supernatural mysteries long ignored by common man. For
others, it means the quest for immortality and purification: the
Philosopher's Stone, Excalibur, Shamballah.

Howto Usethis Book

Halls of the Arcanum is divided into three sections:

® The first book, The Neophyte's Guidebook, is a basic
discussion of the Arcanum — its history, its politics and its
members.

© The second book, The Journeyman's Guidebook, pre-
sents information about creating Arcanum characters, as well as
prominent individuals that beginning Arcanists may one day
meet.

© The third book, The Mystagogue's Guidebook, hints at
some of the Arcanum's mysteries. Many of these suggestions are
deliberately left sketchy to subvert player foreknowledge. Evenso,
this book is designed for Storytellers, and players are advised not
to read it.

Theme

To the seekers of the Arcanum, knowledge is its own reward.
The thrill of uncovering a vampire's daily habits far outweighs the
alee or implied monetary value that might come with that knowl-

ge. .

Learning, however, does not always equal wisdom. With
such knowledge comes pride, often foolish — sometimes fatal.
This pride blinds the seekers to the dangers not only without, but
within. There are forces working inside the Arcanum, guiding it
like some pawn of unknown purpose. The things its investigators
uncover may be turned against them someday.

The Arcanum is not a combat corps; its methods and
adventures are far more subtle than the average Ascension
conflict. Arcanists, moreover, are often in the dark about many
of the things they seek to uncover: they know little of the fierce
games the supernaturals play, or of the stakes involved. Still, the
echoes of those conflicts are felt in the investigators' discoveries.
Imagine, if you will, searching in dim light for a precious treasure
you know to be just out of reach. The mood of Arcanum
adventures should be apprehension mixed with wonder. The
tales of Lovecraft, Derleth, Poe and Campbell sum up this heady
brew quite well. 2

Enter, observe, and wonder.

IntRopUucTION 7

ST RT TE he em Pe eS aR ae

a te

+

rane

SP eT ay Te en

ame Pwr eee,


iS .

e

oee- se oe

f

|

— OD WI DI

akin

aa

i on- —  e T

ope

we EL es ee

wre eI

a ae

a
PEM er te

e ae "ety 3

RS


Book |: The Neophyte's Guidebook

se

oe

An

s
se
-_

Chapter One:
The Way of the Pilgrim

(Joining the Arcanum)

Pao as i cera tr ant "2.
Vera rot fem eey aki iY fm

We are the Pilgrims, master; we shall go

Always a little further: it may be

Beyond that last blue mountain barred with snow,
Across that angry or that glimmering sea,

White on a throne or guarded in a cave,

There lives a prophet who can understand

Why men were born; but surely we are brave,

Who make the golden journey to Samarkand.

— James Elroy Flecker

Istanbul, Turkey
The Kapali Charshi, the Grand Covered Bazaar, was

crowded, but this was not unusual. No one seemed to mind
the fact that elbow room was at a premium; as long as you
didn't hit your neighbor with the heavy bundle you were
carrying, everyone was satisfied. But it was thinning now,
the afternoon siesta beginning to draw the shop keepers
and tourists away from their stalls and booths to the
comfort of their homes and hotels, a warm meal and a soft
bed.

They met their contact in the Covered Bazaar, as she
had instructed them. Sipping thick-brewed Turkish coffee,
the young woman had been waiting; she turned her dark,
guarded eyes in their direction and gestured for them to sit
with her. A small boy came almost immediately, bringing
more coffee in intricate demitasse cups.

"You brought what I asked of you," she said in her thick
accent. It was less a question than a statement.

Helen nodded, and withdrew a small bundle from her
backpack. She slid it over to their contact, without remov-
ing her hand from the package. John glanced around
uneasily. This looked too much like a drug transaction, and

he did not want to spend any time in the Turkish prisons-
of-ill-repute. He'd seen Midnight Express one too many
times.

The Gypsy reached expectantly for the bundle. Helen's
hand pressed down on it quickly. "Not yet," she said in
Turkish. "Where is our information?"

The woman reached beneath her shawl. John tensed,
his fingers inching closer to the handgun he had concealed.
Oh God, a shoot-out in a public place at midday, he thought.

I'm never going home. A sheen of perspiration beaded on his

‘forehead.

The Gypsy laughed at John, a light-hearted trill with a
slight note of mockery. She withdrew her hand from the
shawl, clutching a folded piece of paper between her fingers.
She flipped it open to reveal an address. "This is your next
destination." The woman slid the paper across the table to
Helen, who reached for it eagerly. John glanced over her
shoulder to read what was written: the address was only a few
blocks away.

He looked up. The Gypsy was gone, along with her
payment. -

Cuapten One: Tae Way of tHE Pitanim

Pre a

as — ao

z.

= yor

— sae >,


I shall be telling this with a sigh

Somewhere ages and ages hence:

Two roads diverged in a wood, and I —

I took the one less traveled by,

And that has made all the difference.

— Robert Frost, "The Road Less Traveled"
Dear Mr. Lewis:

Iam delighted that you have taken up my offer to pursue
full membership in the Arcanum. The research you have
undertaken as an Associate of the Arcanum has been of
great value to us; your contributions to the discipline are
both noted and appreciated. (The fact that we are both
Cambridge men might, I admit, cause some small bias in my
evaluation.) I can offer my assurances that your association
with the Arcanum will be invaluable to you.

From our earlier correspondence, you already know of
my respect for your work in early modern European history.
Although I confess that I disagree with a few of your
interpretations, | cannot fault your scholarship or your
intellect. I believe that in time, you may modify your views.
I came to many of the same conclusions you did at the
beginning of my academic career, but Time has a way of
changing things.

I have watched your career develop over the past year,
and more importantly, I have seen some of your personal
growth as well. I believe that you no longer view knowledge
as merely the accumulation of "information," a commodity
to be bartered or purchased in today's quantified informa-
tion society. It is apparent from our recent conversations
that you have begun to understand knowledge's intrinsic
value and innate importance. It is my own belief that the
search for knowledge is a sacred quest,.a path which is a
rough, but in the end rewarding, Journey. As anew member
of the Arcanum, you yourself will soon embark upon this
Journey.

You will learn much about the Arcanum and the world
on this Journey. This is no mere formal proceeding; the
Journey itself is as real as the destination. There are, how-
ever, a few things you should understand:

¢ The Arcanum is not simply a scholarly society; it is a
fraternal organization dedicated to the pursuit of knowledge
and the attainment of wisdom. As such, we are bound by
certain rules and philosophies.

¢ After your Induction, you will be a Neophyte, one
who has begun the Journey. Your role as Neophyte is that of
a student: you shall learn our history, our means of opera-
tion. You will only learn, however, what we show you; there
is much that we cannot reveal until you are ready.

* The Neophyte is mentored by an Elder Brother. I shall
be such to you. I am here to act as Guide, as well as to Guard
you. As a Neophyte, you do not have a full voice in the
Arcanum: I will speak for you. Likewise, the wishes of the
Arcanum will be revealed to you through me. The impor-
tance of trust in our relationship cannot be more greatly
stressed.

* You will be Tested throughout the Journey. Some
Tests will come from the Arcanum, planned encounters to

10 HaLts oF THE ARCANUM

A)

Bek Me See ee Sua ele" Se SS Y

==. = - t2- eae

see whether you are truly the caliber of person we can count
on. There will be other Tests of character, however, and
these will be spontaneous. If you believe in coincidence,
then you may discount them; they will, however, be real
Tests.

e You are never alone on your Journey. In addition to
my guidance, there are other Neophytes who will join you.
Regard them as your family; they will be your companions on
your Journey, and you shall come to count on them for your
very life. Never dismiss the bond that will develop with your
associates, for they will be your Brothers and Sisters.

¢ Once you begin the Journey, you truly cannot turn
back. The road you will embark upon, though unseen by
many, is quite real, and when you set foot upon it, it will
forever change the way you see the world. Many will fall by
the wayside, unable to complete the Journey, but even so
their lives will never be the same.

Some of what you learn will push the boundaries of your
world view. If I may use the metaphor of a tapestry, your
world view will slowly unravel. At the end of the Journey,
however, you will have developed a new perspective, one
much richer than you would otherwise have known, with a
broader variety of threads and a greater multitude of colors
than you can now imagine.

I will call you soon so that we can schedule our first
meeting together. In the meantime, feel free to call on me for
any reason at any time.

Yours,

Geoffrey Truesdell

Journeyman & Elder Brother

The Arcanum

Washington Chapter

TO: Geoffrey Truesdell
<gtruesdell@pico.gtown.arcanum.com>

FROM: Jonathan Lewis <jlewis@gwis.circ.gwu.edu>
RE: The Arcanum

I received your letter yesterday, and I'm writing to
thank you for your invitation. I have valued our correspon-
dence and communications, and I believe that joining the
Arcanum will be a positive step for me, both professionally
and personally.

I am somewhat confused about this "Journey" you keep
referencing. | realize that you're speaking allegorically, and
not in terms of a real trip — although I would like to visit
"HQ" in London! — but your meaning is unclear.

Thad always thought of the Arcanum as a clearinghouse
of sorts, a professional society for those of us with interests
in the more... arcane? unusual? ...facets of history. I realize
that it sponsors incredible scholarship and research into
fields that are typically neglected by most institutions of
higher learning, and that this material is exclusively the
province of full members of the Arcanum.

My decision to join the Arcanum may not be quite so
noble or high-minded as you believe. Asan Associate, I have
only marginal access to research materials, and limited
contact with the Arcanum; I felt that by-becoming a full


to
N-
1e
ly

>

id
sit

se
ts
ze
to
of

1€

member, or "Journeyman" to use your parlance, I would have
available to me the whole of voluminous research in which
the Arcanum has been involved. I did not request to join
based on any deep "spiritual" conviction, as you seem to
imply.

I'm actually a little nervous about the way you discuss
the Arcanum; you almost make it seem like a religious order
of some sort.

Well, I'm only expressing these fears so that we may
start out with no misconceptions. You did say that I will need
to realize the importance of trust, and I wish to be completely
honest with you. If you have any questions, feel free to write
or call.

Later.

TO: Jonathan Lewis <jlewis@gwis.circ.gwu.edu>

FROM: Geoffrey Truesdell
<gtruesdell@pico.gtown.arcanum.com>

RE: The Arcanum

Jonathan, do not worry.

I did not misunderstand your motives for wishing to join
the Arcanum. What you spoke of is quite common; many of
our members begin as Associates, performing limited re-
search for us in exchange for either monetary payment or
similar services rendered in turn. I am fully aware of your
stated reasons for wishing to join the Arcanum.

However, we have spoken often, and many times I have
"seeded" our conversations with various statements or view-
points primarily as a means of testing your ideology and
personal philosophies. At the risk of sounding pretentious,
I believe | may have figured out a few details of your
personality to which you yourself are still blind.

There is much, much more to the Arcanum than you

are now aware of. Some of this shall be taught orrevealed to"

you throughout your period as Neophyte; the rest you shall
simply learn from experience.

Everyone's schedule has been coordinated, and the
Induction date is now set for 1 October, at 7 p-m. Park your
car on the street and meet your fellow Neophytes at the
gates; you will be summoned when we are ready.

BTW — I am advising you, as I have your fellow
Neophytes, to begin a Journal. You are embarking upon a
Journey, and you should record your thoughts as you progress
further and further along the path. (Remember, after all,
that the terms "journal" and "journey" share the same
etymological root.)

Yours,

GT

TO: Geoffrey Truesdell
<gtruesdell@pico.gtown.arcanum.com>

FROM: Jonathan Lewis <jlewis@gwis.circ.gwu.edu>

RE: Stuff

>>However, we have spoken often, and many times |
have "seeded" our conversations with various statements or

viewpoints primarily as a means of testing your ideology and
personal philosophies. <<

Crafty devil!

as

yen
avh >

«
-

.
tp
v*.
¢ o> 4

ate

rey

ae

+
a

* ite

Fa TO

a,

ER Ric

5


Well, this all sounds fascinating. I'll see you soon.
Jonathan

The Journal of Jonathan Lewis

1 October 1994

Tonight was my Induction into the Arcanum. I'm not
quite sure what to make of it.

To begin: I followed Geoffrey's instructions, and ar-
tived at 7 p.m. I couldn't see much of the House, hidden as
it was behind enormous vine-covered walls; in any of my
dealings with the House, in fact, I've always met Geoffrey at
a library or coffee shop, but I've never set foot on the
grounds.

Regardless, I met my fellow "Neophytes" while waiting:

Nahar Khan, a Bengali-American woman in her late
20s, is a licensed psychologist as well as a practicing parapsy-
chologist. Her primary interests are split between the
"unexplored dimensions" of the human mind and
"paranormal activities," by which she is referring to ghosts
and hauntings.

I asked why she joined the Arcanum. She came to their
attention a few years ago when she created the Foundation
for Paranormal Studies, a small private organization dedi-
cated to the research of "the psychic and paranormal." The
FPS managed to attract a number of like-minded research-
ers, and started an annual journal (The Proceedings of the
Foundation for Paranormal Studies), but unfortunately the
foundation lacked the funding to grow.

A few months ago a researcher for the Arcanum con-
tacted Nahar to discuss the possibility of her joining the
Arcanum and conducting research on its behalf, while the
Arcanum privately funds the FPS and its journal — pro-
vided that Arcanum research was never released. Facing
little more than bankruptcy anda scholarly dead-end, Nahar
enthusiastically agreed to join.

William Barron, a friendly but somewhat reserved man
in his early 20s, is a linguist who claims to be fluent in
Sanskrit, Coptic, Persian; Syriac, Aramaic, and Arabic —
"in addition to ‘a passel of classical and modern European
languages." Also an Associate member of the Arcanum, he
has assisted them with translations of numerous manuscripts
recently uncovered in the Middle East. I was greatly sur-
prised when he revealed that most of his training was
through independent study; he never finished his under-
graduate degree in English, having found most academic
study to be too regimented and constrictive.

Paul DeLevie was an unusual fellow. 1 wasn't sure what
to make of him: tall and easy-going, he seems as rugged and
"outdoorsy" (to use the vernacular) as they come. He iden-
tified himself as a jack of all trades and "a reservoir of manly
knowledge," and although the last comment was said tongue-
in-cheek, | don't think he was lying. He finally revealed that
his training was in engineering, but that he had been hired
by the Arcanum on other occasions as a "special consult-
ant," though he would not say specifically what he consulted
them on — probably "tough-guy" things. Whatever.


1
1e€
1e
D-

ar

in
in

in
1e
ts
I-
aS
I-
ic

at

l-
ly
at
d
t-
d

ete:

So it appears Geoffrey was right: what I had expected to
be a scholarly society was a gathering of individuals with
their own unique talents and skills. "Everyone has some-
thing to contribute," Geoffrey remarked to me later that
night.

But contribute to what exactly?

Finally, a young lady opened the gates for us; she was
dressed in a formal business suit, her dirty blonde hair drawn
back from her rather pretty face. Before we could say any-
thing, she spoke:

"I am the Gatekeeper. Are you prepared to begin the
Journey?"

"Sure," Paul said, the first to speak. | shrugged, and the
others nodded assent.

"The Gatekeeper" escorted us through the entranceway.
The Chapter House was an elegant brick Ewardian manor,
beautifully lit. We were led in silence down the driveway to
the house's main entrance. As we walked, Paul pointed out
things I never would've noticed: cameras, alarms, and other
rather extreme security devices craftily hidden throughout
the grounds. He was shushed by the Gatekeeper — whether
because his casual chatter was spoiling the decorum, or
because such equipment should not have been so easily
spotted, I don't know.

Weclimbed the steps to the smallish front porch, where
the front doors were opened by a tall, imposing man in a
severe gray suit, who looked as though he should be protect-
ing the President, not answering doors for scholarly societies.
Paul leaned over my shoulder and whispered, "If you bet that
he's armed, you'll win."

As our group moved through the foyer, I had a chance
to peek around: the parlors on both sides of the entrance

were elegantly appointed, and lit only by candles (although.

I saw light switches on the walls). We were taken to a set of

double doors that stood closed before us.

The Gatekeeper gestured us aside and came forward to
open the doors. Beyond the entrance, I only saw darkness;
the dim candlelight from the parlors did nothing to pen-
etrate the shadows that lay within.

The Gatekeeper, her back to us, called into the dark-
ness: "The Neophytes are prepared to begin their Journey.
Who will guide them?"

"Y will," answered a voice from within the chamber,
which | immediately recognized as Geoffrey's. His figure
appeared from out of the darkness, faintly illuminated by the
candle he had just lit.

"Geoffrey Truesdell, will you be the Elder Brother for
these Neophytes?" the Gatekeeper asked.

"Tt will," Geoffrey repeated.

Our Gatekeeper stepped aside, and Geoffrey approached.
I saw then that he wore a tuxedo, with a black mantle on his
shoulders. A blue sash crossed his breast, and on the sash was
pinned a small silver owl. "Neophytes," he said, impassively,
"the Journey awaits. Are you prepared?"

"Yes," we said almost in unison. (It was kind of bizarre,
actually).

The rest of the ritual seemed fairly standard — invoca-
tions of "the Creator" (Geoffrey never said "God"), vows of
secrecy and silence, obedience to the mission and regula-
tions of the Arcanum, etc.

We were each awarded with a small silver owl pin,
similar to Geoffrey's. Geoffrey said that the Owl was the
symbol of the Arcanum. According to Christian tradition,
the Owl is a sign for bad and evil things: blindness to faith,
the ensnaring of souls, the devil, witchcraft, you name it.
The Arcanum keeps with a more classical interpretation of
the owl, a creature which hunts its prey at night, and which
sat upon Athena's shoulder: "the Owl and the Arcanum,"
according to Geoffrey, "are both hunters of the hidden,
whether it be prey or knowledge. Do not be mistaken, we are
not armchair scholars. We actively pursue the truth, in
whatever form it takes."

Motives

7 October 1994

We gathered on the second floor of the Chapter House
in Georgetown, where "Elder Brother" Geoffrey Truesdell
will hold weekly meetings to discuss the history and beliefs
of the Arcanum. The library covers almost the entire second
floor of the house, and is filled with an incredible collection
of tomes. Geoffrey told us that ‘Many: of the books ne ee

Sew ae

. "Publications

>. Annual Proceedings ofthe ‘Arenum + 2 Cage
The Arcanum started an annual journal, the ‘Adtival"
Proceedings of the Arcanum, in 1912; this periodical high- |.
Hights the year's best scholarship in the history of the oécilf
*sciences. The articles are carefully written and edited to

cs

_.. conform to the scholarly standards of any academic journal,

‘and do not reveal any of the Arcanum's particular biases or"
activities.

The submissions are subject to peer review and cat
cism; once:a piece is accepted, it is then scrutinized to make
sure that any knowledge or research which is not yet widely
known— meaning, not yetreléased outside of the Arcanum\.
— remains that way: the Arcanum reveals its secrets only
when it is ready to do so. : é

me :

Sometimes individuals who are not members of the ©
Arcanum submit articles for:publication; although the
Arcanum prefers sponsoring and supporting its own schol-
arship, it will not ignore the efforts of others. s

Arcanum Press a ee

The Arcanum also began its own iprivate imprint, ~
dedicated either to releasing important new pieces of schol-
arship or keeping in prisit classics in the occult scienices. It
publishes, on the average, two books per year. Each volume =
isclothbound and Smyth-sewn, utilizing acid-free papgr and
conforming to international printing standards of durability.
and permanence. The Arcanum Press‘has been working for

,ayer seven years on the production of a large soil OPN

Encyclopedia on the occult sciences. }
Both the APA and the Press are published aed edisat
out of offices in London. -

ad. a ewe

Cuapten One: Tae Way oF THE Piianim 13

ny
fi)
i'
"

A

oa

PS a

Tae wee be Sone ©

yn ee <soee

.—"—2s te >
= =>

"a

r

ee ee ah bate

rae

rt, ie?


1. The Arcanum is an args i
pursuit of knowledge for its own sakes" noe rneihtes of
the Arcanum, seek our own eBlightenmient and the —
. enlightenment of our Brothers and Sisters, and ultimate

Ly

~ wish to aid in the enlightenment of all humanity. , _

2. The Arcanum posits that there xia he
" world, one in which the supernatural and mythological"

steachings of the Ancients bear truth: We believe ne

world conjoins with our own, and that it is our duty t0~
understand its secrets. We shall seekthis knowledge in the

places of mystery, through the pages of history;and in the" 4

lore of all peoples. As the Ancients understood, so, one\,,

day, shall we.

3. The Arcanum believes that only through scholar: 4
ship and learning can one separate fact from fiction, and
can mere superstition be skin‘ from supernatural truth.
Myths and folklore speaktof higher truths, and itis through
diligent study and investigation that these higher eat
may be revealed. ar malt

4. The Arcanum exists to learn, not to rianipulate. wei ares
objective observers, and not judges. Thé ‘Areanum does. riot
evaluate the " "morality of the supernatural simply i in light ofthe
fact of its existence," To? does it take action against the: Supér- a,
natural based upon any predetermined system of ethics. Roe

5. What the Arcanum studies and learns, it does

*_ own benefit. The resources of the Arcanum are not tobe Shared)
with anyone outside the Arcanum, nor shall the: "precious o
* knowledge earned by our studies be spread without the consent=,
> of the Executive Committee. When it is time, we teach,
others; for now, it is our duty to safeguard this kagiedge to
protect it fos a humanity that) is not Yet ready to sc f.

a

ra

recovered freee * ‘the — fire," which we would learn
about in time.

I took some time to survey the library; its organization
made some sense, but I wasn't able to fully piece together the
scheme. Although I've never had any professional library
training, it doesn't take much to figure out most library
classification schemes; even if I can't anticipate where a
book may be placed, I can usually understand the scheme ex
post facto.

Not so with this library — books of seemingly no
connection were placed side by side. For example, one entire
cabinet contained books on linguistics and magic theory. I
pointed this out to Geoffrey, who indicated that the library
used a uniquely modified medieval scheme shared by all
Chapter Houses of the Arcanum. The scheme was first used
in the Axis Mundi, the Arcanum's central library in Lon-
don, and it has never been changed.

"Grammar and magic belong together," according to
Geoffrey, "because they were both related; they were associ-
ated with education and learning."

Barron, our linguist, chimed in then: "Their etymologi-
cal histories even bear this out: reference grammar and
glamour in any good dictionary."

14 Hats oF THe ARCANUM

"Why not change the scheme to something more...
universal?" Nahar asked.

Geoffrey replied, "Our scheme may seem arcane, and it
is. However, this system works on a number of levels,
addressing higher truths that are not always evident in
contemporary divisions — or more precisely, fragmenta-
tions — of knowledge.

Geoffrey eventually began our introductory session. He
said that our training would be run very much like a graduate
seminar — at which William visibly winced. We would all
be given the same packet of readings dealing with particular
periods in the history of the Arcanum, and we would then be
assigned individual areas to discuss. Each week, we would
tead the common materials, and make presentations based
upon our independent research.

Most of the common readings were photocopies from
notes compiled by Seneca Hunt, the recently deceased histo-
tian who had begun researching a thorough history of the
Arcanum. He had only gathered marginal notes and basic
materials — including primary research from journals and
correspondence — before he suffered a heart attack. (Geoffrey
said that noone had been chosen yet to replace Hunt, an expert
in Elizabethan studies, in his work.)

Mission

~ Our first session was a discussion of the basic structure of
the Arcanum, a society just over 100 years old that is dedicated
to the research and study of somewhat esoteric fields. All
members of the Arcanum are guided by a loosely defined set of
principles, which were established in 1885, and have been
modified slightly through time. The last official revision was in
1978.

The Arcanum is known to the academic community, but
only as a scholarly society. The more personal interests of the
Arcanum's members, and the views officially endorsed by the
Arcanum's leaders, are not revealed to the general public.

Recruitment

We also discussed the Arcanum's recruitment methods.
The methods vary from place to place, but a few common
themes emerged. Typically, when potential recruits are discov-
ered, they are first offered Associate status, so that time and
further contact may allow for a more careful determination of
whether the individual truly merits membership.

When enough potential members are recruited (at least
three, normally), then a new Neophyte class is established. A
Neophyte's training may vary somewhat from Chapter to
Chapter, but it typically lasts for about two or three months.

Associations

Many Arcanists are also, by nature of their occupation,
members of other professional societies and organizations.
Arcanists always keep an eye out for potential recruits among
these various groups. An individual's membership in the
Arcanum is typically not considered asecret issue, and Arcanists
are often approached by colleagues interested in the possibility
of joining our fellowship.


The Arcanum also uses its annual proceedings as a means
to target possible recruits. Even if an article is not deemed
worthy of publication, it may still alert the Arcanum to the
existence of an individual with common goals, who could prove

a valuable resource for the Arcanum as well as benefit from it
himself.

\
hess

iy

The Arcanum' sHisrarchy ~

‘ Associate: This category. ing! :
searchers or investigators who wish owe Pwith the Arcanum,' »
but not be fully bound by its dictates. Associate Membersdo: .
not receive the privileges accorded to full members, includ,
ing access to many of the Arcanum's resources, bere :

‘ offices, etc.

Neophyte: Neophytes are those who have decitigg
embark upon.the Journey and become full members of the
Arcanum; many of them began as Associates. Neophytes a °
viewed as those who seek enlightenment, and, not dust
tesearch; as such, they are always assigned a mentor, aseni
member of the Arcanum who guides them along their aa
They are all6wed access to Arcarium liter: and.re-
sources, but only at the discretion of their Eld ames
Neophytes are often treated as"children" bther niemberg§
of the Arcanum — they are to be seen, not heard.

Journeyman: Those who successfully complete the "4
f period as Neophyte, which is concluded by examination and.
d ritual, go on to the next level of Joqurneymen (or; ¢
l Journeywomen, as female members have bewip. to call
fo ~~ themselves) and are considéfed full members. They are
1 granted all the rights and Privileges thereunto. Journeymen |
1 often address each other as Brother or Sister; whether this
developed from the fraternal model of the Hinmetic. Orden?
, of the Rising Day (the occult fraternity fromwhich many" f
> the Arcanum's foundeg hailed), or more ecclesial mode S; I
. not known, but the-earliest members-of the Arcanum are
seen in their correspondence to use "oti? asa standard
vocative. ra ety
Elder Brother: Thisi isan honorific ttle, one granted to.
7 members who have shown themselves to be of good c@unsel
, and temperament, and have often been called
advice orrany number of matters. Most Neophytes' Mentors
come from this rank of distinguished members. .
¢ *. _ Women were inducted into the Arcanum as carly aS
1893; after an initial period of treatment as le -capable'
members, they soon achieved equal consideration from:

1 OD

ior schiibars; eo

=

ee ee DO

~

-

aS mee OD OD

ry
,
pe

members. Many women have been granted the title and
responsibilities of Elder Sister. 1% 7: eh
Publications

Most within the Arcanum are voracious readers, and they
keep abreast of the professional reading in their fields: journals
and new books attract most attention, since magazines are
normally deemed "too mundane" and lacking in sophistica-
tion. Individuals who publish articles of note may be contacted
by Arcanum recruiters for personal interviews.

The Internet

The Arcanum is now exploring anew medium of commu-
nication: the many listserv and Usenet discussion groups to be


- found on the Intemet, a system which links up businesses,
universities, and organizations across the world. Individuals
who might have valuable things to say and lack the proper
forum for communication suddenly have a chance to be heard,
and there are a number of discussion groups dedicated to the
scholarly study of the supernatural.

Unfortunately, giving everyone a voice often means ev-
eryone has something to say, and wading through the daily swill
that accumulates on the Internet is a daunting task for any
potential recruiter.

But at least a few new recruits have been found through the
Internet, and this forum has not yet been totally discounted.
Some in the Arcanum are actually thinking of establishing a
public Arcanum-list, serving a function similar to that of the
Annual Proceedings, and also using it as a means to observe
possible recruits.

Observers & Professional Contacts

Frequently, new members are found through the regular
business of the Arcanum. More than one member started as
little more than a witness — or even a victim — of an occult
event or paranormal phenomenon, and ended up becoming
more and more involved in a particular investigation. By the
end of the investigation, these individuals may be approached
regarding membership, particularly if the individual has been
shown to have some psychic or other paranormal talents, which
are always welcome.

Other Contacts

Of course, acommon means to discover potential recruits
is through informal contact. Arcanists will often come into
contact with likely prospects in the course of daily business, or
through coincidence. For example, a member may learn that
one's cousin is studying Islamic mysticism, or that a childhood
friend has become a private investigator. These leads are often
approached individually, and may be given a job as an "inde-
pendent contractor." If their services are considered valuable,
then they are approached about Associate status, and so on.

The Journal of Jonathan Lewis, 21 October 1994

The Arcanum is more than just a scholarly society: it
draws upon the work of historians, philosophers, genealo-
gists, psychologists and parapsychologists, private
investigators, and a variety of other professionals, without
regard to academic credentials, how much one has pub-
lished, or how many languages one can read. Certainly,
these are all important factors, but there is much more to life
than the Ivory Tower.

In rereading these notes, I have to wonder: am | just
repeating what I heard Geoffrey say, or am I starting to buy
into his line?

The FoundationHouse

The Arcanum's Foundation House is in England, "near
London." (Geoffrey would not be more specific.) The Grand
Chancellor, the director of the Arcanum, resides there, and
it is from London that the Executive Committee runs the

16 Hats of THE ARCANUM

= .
3. 9e tat SS See Se aes,

ro ST = ale

be

business of the Arcanum. A number of Journeymen have
their permanent residence in the Foundation House, and
engage in full-time sponsored research as Fellows of the
Arcanum, typically utilizing the Axis Mundi.

"Axis Mundi" is not just a boastful title; this library is
one of the most complete and comprehensive libraries
dealing with the history and manifestation of the arcane, be
it Renaissance alchemy or contemporary parapsychology.
The library itself predates the founding of the Arcanum,
Geoffrey said, but we would learn more about that later,
when we discussed "our" history more thoroughly.

ChapterHouses

The Arcanum is spread out across the globe, like a
magnificent spider web, with a "port of call" on every
continent, ina number of major cities. These ports of call are
Chapter Houses, micro-headquarters to which local Arcanists
report or turn for support. The administrator of each Chap-
ter House, or Chancellor, makes regular updates of his
Chapter's activities to the Foundation House. Various mem-
bers of a Chapter House might have different duties, e.g.,
Financial Officer, Secretary, Serjeant-at-arms (in charge of
the Chapter's security), etc., but the organization often
varies from place to place, "according to local custom," as
Geoffrey puts it; in other words, each Chapter has some
autonomy in deciding its own leadership and management,
but the Chancellor ultimately makes final decisions (and
takes the heat if something goes wrong).

A Chapter House is an Arcanist's visible link to the
Foundation House and the Grand Chancellor. Every Arcanist
is ultimately attached to a particular Chapter House; this
affiliation provides us with a number of benefits: at the very
least, we are given a place to receive mail and messages, a
computer for e-mail and word-processing (some computers
at Chapter Houses have more advanced set-ups for research
and telecommunications), a library in which to study at any
hours of the day or night — the Chapter Librarian also acts
as a liaison to the Axis Mundi, and can sometimes request
that books be sent between Chapters — and a place to call
when "in need."

In need of what? I wonder. I assume extra funding,
research, etc.

Larger Chapter Houses can also provide lodging for
Arcanists, although there is typically a waiting list since
there tend to be fewer rooms than there are Arcanists.
Chapter Houses will also sometimes arrange lodging for
visiting Arcanists — either on the premises, if possible, or at
nearby hotels — for a short duration.

All members of the Arcanum must be officially "posted"
to a Chapter House near their home of residence; even if
they do not live in the immediate vicinity of the House, they
are still registered there. Transfers can be requested in
writing, and are usually approved, but some Chapter Houses
have more Arcanists than they can hope to reasonably
support.

The Georgetown Chapter House is the primary Ameri-
can Chapter House. All other American Chapter Houses


Ne report to the Georgetown Chancellor, who in turn reports to Lodges typically have some measure of autonomy; while

nd i the Foundation House. they must abide by the Syllabus and report all their findings

he -~{ . to their Chapter House — which, in turn, sends monthly

Colonies updates to the Foundation House — they are normally free

is The next administrative unit is called a colony. Ac- to determine the course of their own research and investiga-

es § cording to Geoffrey, colonies are typically Chapter __ tions.

be Houses-in-training. They are usually a gathering of Arcanists

sy: . working i her, but with l : Colleges

4 g in an area together, but without any real autonomy:

m, they have no independent funding, and they have to report Geoffrey's previous discussion of the Arcanum's struc-

er, to the nearest Chapter House. Colonies are treated as _ ture dealt exclusively with the hierarchy of the society, from

Chapter House extensions. Ifa colony exists inanarealong © HQ down to the little lodges. But there are other groups, as

enough, and the area proves a regular demonstration of Well, which cut across the various administrative units.

"supernatural activity," colonies may be given Chapter Although officially Colleges, these units sometimes take
a House status. other names, such as "Programmes" or "Divisions," depend-
= Members may work independently, but the Arcanum _ ing on the whim of the members.

Ee has long supported the idea of Arcanists working together. Colleges represent the various interests of the Arcanum;
aS If the issue is merely a matter of research that can be = anyone can apply to form a new unit, although the Execu-
Pe conducted in a library, then of course a single individual is | tive Committee has final approval. Typically, a College (or
a all that is necessary — although the more, the merrier,inmy similar unit) must have a minimum of six members.

mn opinion. Colleges provide a means for scholars of the same
Bs discipline to communicate with each other. While lodges
of Lodges are groups of people who operate together, their bonds tend
en However, according to Geoffrey, "field research" — _ to be experiential and emotional rather than intellectual.
as and I assume he means investigations of alleged hauntings They live and work together, but they may actually pursue
ne and other paranormal occurrences —is typically accom- _ very independent goals. Colleges may meet regularly (as
At, plished in groups: this is to provide witnesses and assure possible), correspond, teleconference, put out newsletters,
nd safety. Often Arcanists will choose to operate regularly with and do whatever they choose to keep in touch.

a collection of peers. Such alliances are called lodges. These Colleges play a major role within the Arcanum:
he es Lodges are often formed as classes of Neophytes grow _they help determine research needs, including the alloca-
ae together; for this reason, Neophytes are rarely chosen inde- _ tion of budget and resources. Although the units themselves
aS pendently: they must learn that trust and cooperation are do not have the ultimate word — such decisions being
ay necessary elements in the Arcanum. Geoffrey pointed out —_—_ within the province of the Executive Committee — their
a that if our class remained for the entirety of our program,we —_ voices are an important factor in the Executive Committee's
EES would most likely end up acting as a lodge. - ~ * ~~ decision-making processes.
ch "Even if we have such radically different interests?" Each College is chaired by a "Dean," who handles any
ny Nahar asked. "A Renaissance historian anda parapsycholo- administrative concerns. Periodically — about once each
ts gist?" season — the Deans meet for a Senate, in which they update
i‘ "Indeed, in spite of such disparity," Geoffrey assured each other on the research and activities of their particular
: her. "Like any friendship, you will come to recognize com- _ divisions. Yes, these amount to little more than boasting

mon elements, and you will learn what your individual sessions. However, the Senate also meets with the Executive
IB» strengths and weaknesses are, and how they can blend into © Committee, which then determines what future budgetary
; a much greater sum. Lodges are rarely groups of people with —_ needs will be.

‘Or exactly similar interests; such homogeneity is stifling. Cer- There are many Colleges within the Arcanum, but the

ce tainly you will make allies in your own related fields, but you most prominent ones are the Colleges of Thaumatology,

ts: will come more and more to depend upon your lodge. Even Egyptology, Parapsychology, Shamanic Studies,

OF when you give up the more investigative phase of your _ Lycanthropic Studies, the Division of Extra-Terrestrial Stud-

at career, and your lodge brothers and sisters move on, you will —_ ies, the Hermetic Studies Programme and the School of
, still remain in close contact." Mythoarchaeology.

d Some Chapter Houses are so small, they contain only Membership in any College is voluntary, but only

‘if one lodge; other, more influential Chapter Houses mayhave College Members may apply for the research grants and

ey anywhere from two to five lodges in operation. fellowships which are sometimes made available with Col-

m lege funds.

es

ly

ri- ;

est

RES w:

Caaprer One: Tae Way oF THe Picanim 17


r

so AB:
22° Ir.

a

1

ao

b om 4m
¥ 7 17" >!° "3

—o

An-

Chapter Iwo:
The Darkling Road
(The World Within and

Saloman hung down her head

Laid bare her heart for the world to see
She craved for intimacy

Through darkened doors

Her aspect veiled with indecision

>

Gazed out to sea

She craved lucidity

— Dead Can Dance, "Enigma of the Absolute"

PartOne: History

Inthe Beginni
nthe Beginning...

Correspondence of Benjamen Holmscroft, 31 October
1885:

Dear Sir:

Our many correspondences in the past have proven you to
be an insightful and well-reasoned gentleman with concerns
not unlike my own.

I have been in touch with you and a number of our
colleagues to discuss the nature of occult learning as it is now
generated. We are all, it would appear, dissatisfied with the
breed of occult societies of which we have either been members
ourselves or have had contact with. While the exercise of
imagination is a valid endeavor, particularly as a means to break
free of the rigid pursuit of knowledge which is the hallmark of
our present society, this process should be well-tempered, and
not cultivated to grow like weeds in a cognitive garden. Too

many occultists or esoterists of our day have fallen victim to
fanciful imagining, and have not learned to root their beliefs in
valid paths of enlightenment. An exotic medley of heretical
Christian teachings and Sanskrit philosophy do not, alas, a
spiritual discipline make.

Even worse than this trivialization and absurdification of
the esoteric are the self-aggrandizing tendencies of so many
alleged occultists. While the esoteric path may indeed engender
the development of genuine paranormal abilities, whether
psychical or magical, these should not be the goal of any spiritual
path. All too many individuals, alas, have become wrapped up
in the quest for personal power that such philosophical teach-
ings often promise.

A third dilemma which has become rather apparent is the
scarcity of genuine instruction in these fields. We have all, at
one point or another in our lives, been subject to the teachings
of individuals not qualified for the title of "master" which they
claim for themselves. Whether such individuals were deluded or
dishonest is irrelevant at this point; the line between fakir and

Cuapten Two: THE Darxuna Roan 18

ye

woe

ah lot ad

bel


Hats oF tHE ARCANUM

fake is too easily crossed, and many innocents have been led
astray in consequence.

Surveying the scene as we now have it, it would appear that
] am presenting a most bleak picture: the world of the esoteric
is filled with delusional, ill-intentioned, power-hungry people.
[have certainly learned this from my own fruitless days with the
Hermetic Order of the Rising Day. Such, | fear, is the truth we
must contend with; but it is not the only possible truth.

I have come to realize, from my own experiences and
through the experiences of others, that there is much that can
still lies unexplored beyond the veil of the mundane world.
What I propose is rather simple: as I have learned from my
experience, so others have learned. What knowledge I lack,
another might teach me, as I may be able to impart to others
what they seek to know.

Let us gather, and form a new society; one patterned after
many other societies, but based upon the mutual acquisition of
knowledge. Let us instruct each other; let us walk the path to
illumination together, and pave the way for others who come
behind. Let our intellectual scrutiny be far-reaching, from the
scientific to the literary, from the mundane to the celestial, from
the normal to the paranormal. Let us initiate our own Orphic
mysteries. Let us delve into the secrets of the universe.

I am inviting you, and a number of our colleagues, to meet
with me next month, the date to be mutually agreed upon. We
will gather at my estate for a weekend of symposia and dialogue.
[hope that you will accept my offer — if not to join us in future
fellowship, then at least for this preliminary gathering.

I pray I have not misjudged your intentions, and if I have,
gentle sir, please pardon me; I meant no insult.

In the hopes of a positive answer, I remain

Yr. most humble & obedient servant,

Benjamen Holmscroft

Vannever Hall, London

From the Diary of Winthrop Murray:

24 November 1885: ] met Holmscroft per his invitation, at
his manor in London. Ten other individuals were present for the
occasion.

Holmscroft's is a large and venerable manor. He referred to
it as his family home, but something about his claim struck me
as perhaps a bit specious. He was very much at home in the
manor, and the house showed signs of a long, unbroken occu-
pancy, with a distinctly traditional feel. But family? No. I could
not finger the cause for on my suspicions, but I've learned to trust
my intuition, however illogical or even ridiculous its notions
may at first appear.

Prior to dinner we were all shown to our rooms — the
manor is inestimably large and could easily lodge scores of
people without difficulty — and we were left torelax and mingle
amongst ourselves. The French occultist Etienne DuLac was
there, as was the Reverend Jebediah Spector Brown, an Angli-
can clergyman who is a scholar in the ways of the Undead.
Brown is a quiet, God-fearing man with some hidden purpose.
I do not like him.

Also present were the American thanatologist Jonathan
Kelvin, and the poet Liam McPhee — why that arrogant Irish
bastard was invited is beyond me, but I trust that Holmscroft had
his reasons. There were a handful of others, none whom I knew.


=

1 we

and

can
rid.

my
ack,
hers

ifter
nof
h to
me

rom

hic

eet
We
ue.
cure

ive,

1, at

1 to
me
the
cu-
uld
ust
ons

the
of
gle

vli-

3

Holmscroft mentioned that some of those invited had refused to
attend, for reasons which he would not divulge.

After dinner, which was quite a sumptuous feast, we all
retired to his library — a more magnificent collection of books
in one man's house I have never seen! — at last to discuss
Holmscroft's proposal.

Holmscroft was correct in assuming one thing at least: we
all felt those of the Hermetic Order of the Rising Day and other
such "occult fraternities" to be a bunch of carnival-costumed
fools who would not know real magic if it thrust itself in their
faces — which it often has. All their posturing has revealed itself
to be the juvenile ravings of decadent poets and would-be
cognoscenti, disenchanted with sterile reality, yet obviously
unprepared for the reality they pretend to seek. Those who
remained with the Order after Holmscroft quit three years ago
were able to verify that the Order has not progressed in its search
for knowledge, but instead indulges in yet more fanciful
imaginings. The Reverend Brown was not a member of the
Order. Claiming that such occult trafficking was not his forte,
the Reverend made his discomfort — or even antipathy —
toward the modern-day ritual magicians quite apparent.

Those of us present at the meeting have had our own
experiences, enough to know that there is much more to the
"world of shadows" — a term which Holmscroft used, and I
suspect he meant more than just Plato's Allegory of the Cave —
than most believe. Brown was quite convinced of the existence
of vampyres, an assurance which could not be easily swayed. I
myself have conversed with one fellow who claimed to be an
immortal from the lands of the Nile; he revealed to me much of
the workings of his sorcery. I offered this tidbit to the group, and
was answered with not a single note of mockery or even doubt
from any of my listeners. McPhee has been said by some
(including himself, in typical Gaelic humility) to have the
blood of the faeries in him; he looks to be in his very early 20s,

but is well into his late 40s. His behavior is sometimes inexpli--.

cable, and his poetry does have an otherworldly quality to it.

I took the time to observe Holmscroft during the conver-
sation that ensued. In person, he is not very different from the
way he comes across in his correspondences, and I found him to
be much as others have described: at times aloof, at times warm,
but always keenly observant, rather like a hawk. After his initial
discussion — and I believe monologue might be a more appro-
priate term for it— he contributed little to the conversation; but
still it seemed that he was orchestrating its direction through his
occasional artfully placed questions or comments. For all ap-
pearances a mere observer, he was truly the one in charge. Often,
he would fix his penetrating gaze upon a speaker, as if he could
see through their exterior to read the person's soul; but always
his own expression remained serene, implacable, revealing
nothing of his thoughts. At times, his silence and his predatoriness
struck me as owllike; only later did I notice that a large black
statue of an owl sat on the table beside him.

We agreed — after much heated debate, and one charac-
teristically Irish outburst by McPhee — that we should join
together to free ourselves from the childish phantasies of the
Hermetic Order of the Rising Day, and use our shared resources
to more fully explore the truths buried in the hidden world. The
cooperation and support of many like minds shall take us much
further than we have come through our individual efforts.

"or ‘the HORD — was shor afte
"throughout the diiration 6 Prits. exist n its.timey,)

ever, it boasted some of Britain's prep ened oculia
ge scholars of the arcane. / é ay,

Founded in London in\1879, the HORD actin
hg d pragmatic occult knowledge, ‘primarily as manife

"situal magic. The organization alleged that it was ia posse e
‘sion of the secrets of the Rosicrucians. Any such i OF |

this enigmatic Brotherhood was bound to draw the cu
wand thus a niimber of- individuals' were attracted ‘to "]
, HORD. The group claimed for itself exacting standards of
* research and knowledge, and created a very formal hierarchy,' ;
‘@learly differentiating. it from the plethora.of spirituali
. societies currently in existence. By 1882, however, HO E
- had become little more than a mockery of magical titual, its
members drasging in outlandish garb'and repeating nonsen-"
sical phrases that "resonated: iwith the harmony of tf spheres." " Ps
* In 1887, with the founding - the Hermetic Order of thé y
Golden Dawn, yet anothég. sciety that claimed to md
inherited the Rosicrucian tradition, the HORD faded into
obscurity. Howeyer, many of its members migrated over to' ,
the Golden Dawn, bringing. with' them the HORD's schol-
,arly standards and hierarchic stru hue. j

The fnajority of the early founders of a Arcanum were" q
disgruntled and dissatisfied menabers of the Hermetic Order' 4

of the Rising Day (and oF in ffom th Golden ~ \

, Dawnas well). Thestructure a any beliefs of the rcanum, |

although much broader them the HORD, bear a discernible

. similarity to its progenitor. : ; ba AN : ee
— Research notes of Jonathan Lewis. { AL aA
The Rosicrucians ro.
Part I: The Fama Fraternitatis Ye 2 ae

Ea =
The Rosicrucian Brptherhood wasa seéret society wh'
‘traced its origins to thé Theological and intellectual whee

of the late Renaissan and the Reformation. Rosicrucians
are often cited as th€ founding source for many of the occult:
groups that were create¥ from the 19th century to this day;

claims to possess the Secrets of the Rosicrucians" were a
common trademark for these organizations. :* %
The earliest document thatjhas been associated wif ‘the
Rosicrucians, thé Fama Frai tis, was circulating i er,
jmany in 10, with the first printed. edition appearing i
"1614. Thi# publication enjoined readers to reform the world;.* ‘
those who truly desired membership would be recognized'as |
the Rosy Cross Brotherhood. eS
7 The.Fama Fraternitatis cites Christian Rosenkreuitz a .
e foun of the Brothers of the Holy Cross: AThedocumeat™
harrateshis life and details the earlyhistory of thie Ro
Brothers. It is the major reference on the knowngot

eg, > pt
works of the Rosicrucjan Brotherhood, 3 3 2. ss
,* — Research notes of Jonatl van Lewis ss * ng flyepy
A #N es oa

Pr ote a OT el ee,
\

ye omer ee oe He Owe

~~

i Er PR Rn Ee Pe gg Ea EL ee


an. le.

oe

e hs
See oS et so S

4 wk "<i> =S

Holmscroft played a key role in arranging this agreement. At his
suggestion, we shall call ourselves the Arcanum: a hidden thing,
a profound mystery, an alchemical secret of nature. After further
deliberation, we drafted the mission statement of our new
brotherhood, which henceforward shall be called The Syllabus.

Notes of Seneca Hunt, Arcanum Historian:

The Arcanum was founded on 24 November 1885 bya
small collection of disillusioned occultists and esoterists, many
of whom had previously been members of the once-prominent
Victorian occult fraternity Hermetic Order of the Rising Day
(HORD).

Many members of the HORD were dissatisfied with the
organization's belief system. One such dissident was Benjamen
Holmscroft, an Englishman whom even now few of his peers
would claim to know well. He quit the society after five years of
membership, and retired to mull over the state of things. In the
following three years, he withdrew from the rest of society,
maintaining frequent correspondence with the few other oc-
cultists whom he felt he could trust.

Finally, in 1885, he invited them to discuss the formation
of a new society, dedicated to a scholarly pursuit of the occult,
the esoteric, and the metaphysical, free from the delusions of the
HORD and other such groups. The majority of his correspon-
dents accepted the invitation, and met with him at Holmscroft
Manor; after one long evening of discussion (and apparently
much argument), this cabal agreed to form the Arcanum. The
majority of that weekend was dedicated to the establishment of
the tenets of the Arcanum and the ensuing binding rules that
would be called the Canon. The French occultist, Etienne
DuLac, disagreed with a number of the proposed tenets, and

angrily withdrew from the fellowship. He resurfaced ten years
later in Morocco, siring a society of his own, one much smaller
and even more secretive than the Arcanum.

Most importantly, the members of the new Arcanum
agreed that their purposes would best be served by a full sharing
of resources. They deposited large amounts of money ina variety
of trust funds, and Holmscroft himself offered his manor —
which he originally alleged to be his family home, though later
tesearch has proven this to be untrue — to the new society to
serve as the Foundation House. Within several months, most
new members moved into Holmscroft manor, establishing a
community for the purpose of mutual scholarly support and
encouragement.! They had agreed to join their library resources
as well; the manor already had a most expansive collection of its
own, and this repository, combined with the libraries of the
other founding members, produced one of the finest scholarly
collections on the occult and the esoteric in the entire world.
The library was so impressive that it was ultimately christened
the Axis Mundi.

The Diary of Winthrop Murray, 1 December 1885:

Finally, after many grueling hours of meetings and discus-
sions, we agreed upon the formal structure of the Arcanum. Our
goals include the ultimate expansion of our society beyond
London — after all, a number of the Arcanum's founders do not
even reside in the United Kingdom — to all of Europe and even
beyond the continent to America and elsewhere. We estab-

'The only exceptions to this were the clergyman Brown, who preferred
to live in the rectory at St. Basil's, in London, and those founders who lived
outside the United Kingdom.


rid.

srred L

lived

Wh

OT eee ae

vA

4
a
i

lished that Holmscroft Manor would be the foundation of the
entire society, while its tendrils would snake out into smaller
houses across the world. The first few houses have yet to be
established, but candidates include Dublin (as suggested by
McPhee, of course), Budapest, Paris, Boston, and Istanbul.
Unfortunately, until the membership of our Arcanum in-
creases, such broad plans cannot be put into effect.

On the issue of membership, our "founders" now officially
include:

Benjamen Holmscroft, of London
Jebediah Brown, of London

Roger Corwin, of Salisbury

Peter Harker, of London

Stewart Heath, of Manchester
Winthrop Murray, of Kent

Liam McPhee, of Dublin

Jonathan Kelvin, of Boston, U.S.A.
Massimo Linarelli, of Rome, Italy

DuLac, of course, left us in a huff, while George Kenealy and
Thomas Sullivan ultimately turned down Holmscroft's offer. Upon
reflection, it seemed to amuse Holmscroft that there were nine
founding members of the Arcanum; whatever the significance of this
was, however, he would not reveal. We have nor yet decided whether
there are to be varying levels of membership status, as is common in
other occult fraternities.

It was ultimately decided that each member would undertake
administrative responsibilities in addition to their personal goals.
Holmscroft, of course, was unanimously voted the director. I volun-
teered to be secretary, as writing is second nature to me. Some
members chose to direct various academic disciplines: McPhee
showed an interest in faerie lore, Brown had already proven interest
in vampyre study — although his fascination seems to me to be more

€

& 4 Christian and another mink took a ot etage to the Holy uf; ra ye

often called degrees. For some, however, such a structure was too
stratified, and not conducive to the sense of cooperation that
Holmscroft hoped to facilitate.

Collegial: This model was based, obviously enough, on the
models of higher education which most of the founders had passed
through.'

Professional: This model was based upon the formation of
professional societies, with a board of directors and an executive
officer. However, an exclusively "professional" model was much
too staid and sterile for an organization that is dedicated to self-
advancement.

Ultimately, it was decided that a combination of the above
models worked best. For example, while the various degrees of
the fraternal model seemed appropriate, the excesses to which
some organizations took this system were to be avoided. The

ala

L)

Arcanum was to be a brotherhood of scholars, a hermetic %
university, and a professional society all at the same time. The :
2Interestingly enough, Holmscroft was privately educated, and never ‘
attended any of the higher schools. At least, he never indicated such a 3
background, and no research has uncovered records of a Benjamen Holmscroft {
at any educational institution anywhere, in Europe or America. iy

ae

"The Rosicrucians
or Part II: Christian Rogsenkreutz "
oat a * Christian Rosenkreutz, attrib
-Brothethood, was borin 1378 to
money. By age five, he was placed i ina mona:
Greek and Latin. es

Ahis companion died in Cyprus, and Rosenkreutz went on to Damascus
~ alone. Skilled in healing-and medicine, Christian soon came to ‘the' ie
attention of the wise men of Damascus. Abandoning his earlier itinerary, a
"he took up the study of science and mathematics, and ultimately decided

of an obsession than an intellectual curiosity — and Kelvin has, to: seek the very ‘source of Apebiets arcane sciences: the city, the sages

expressed interest in the study of hauntings and ghost lore.

Unfortunately, Linarelli and Kelvin chose not to join us at the
Manor, but rather preferred to return to their homes. They are willing
to travel on the Arcanum's behalf as often as necessary, however, and
both would like to see Chapters of the Arcanum established in their
homelands. They also graciously offered to provide lodgings for any
Arcanum members traveling through their countries.

Brown seems to prefer his Episcopal residence to that of the
manor, claiming that the manor made him uneasy — "too much
witchery," I heard him mutter once. The rest of us have agreed to
make the move to Holmscroft's manor as soon as feasibly possible.
Since I currently maintain residence at a gentleman's club, | will be
able to move to the manor quite easily and expeditiously.

Notes of Seneca Hunt, Historian:

In early December of 1885, the formal structure of the Arcanum
was decisively established. A number of options had been considered:

Ecclesial: Some members believed in a strong hierarchy based
upon the Episcopal model, complete with the adoption of clerical
titles. This was originally considered because of the sacred quality of
knowledge and the quest for enlightenment.

Fraternal: The majority of the Arcanum's founders had come
from the HORD, and of course it was not unusual to suspect that this
would serve as an organizational model. Most such societies, whether
the Freemasons —and todeny the occult origins of this group is facile
— or the HORD developed a progression of stages of membership,

"flamed Damcar. ; a h
Arriving in Damcar, Roverikreut found himself not only sal
-. comed, bute . He remained inthis city— which still hasno "
identified in any historical records —and learned of the many sec#ets ‘of *
the Ancients of Damcar: sacred mathematics, physics, alchemy, and the
teachings found in the Liber Mundi, r Book of the World, 4 text said to
contain the secrets of the universe. While in Damcar, he met members
of the Prieuré de Solamon (so named because they were founded on the 2
* site of the Temple of. Solomon); descendants of. group of knights that :
had broken fom the Knights Templar in the. eftly 14th century. These
white-mantled priests claimed topos any secrets, andthey révegled
- them to Christian. &é
After his sabbatical in Danicar' "Rosenkreuts journeyed ta Egypt,
en Morocco. He studied the metaphysics of Hermes' Trismegistus,
and learned the Kabbala of the Jews. Throughouthis trayels, Rosenkreutz i
encountered many who regarded study and the exchange of knowledge -
as crucial for the apecers 4s humanity.
Returning at last: t ope — first Spain, then Germany —
Rosenkreutz found his néw wigdom to be an object of hostility and -
mockery. Ultimately, he decidga that humanity was not yerreddy forthe . * «
moral and philgsophical reformation which he had hoped to inaugurate, ~
buthe did not wish to abandon all that he hadtearned and accomplished. §
He decided to record his knowledge and secret itaway until theworld was |
¢ ready. Roserdreutz recruited three boyhood friends from the monastery :
‘where he grew up, and formed a new semi-monasti¢ order, the Brothers
sof the Holy Cross, which was dedicated toboth healing theill od leading: *~

*e

, "@thers to erdightenment. + # 2
7 Research notes of Jonathan Lewis . - a ae
ae ss zi ‘.. he ee


wt f)

"
wd

fellowship would be administered by an Executive Committee,
and final authority rested with the Grand Chancellor, who was
granted near total decision-making power.

The nine founders of the Arcanum decided to act as the
Executive Committee for the body, and Holmscroft was asked
to take the position of Grand Chancellor.

Although there were no new members of the Arcanum as
of yet and the Executive Committee was composed of leaders
with no one to lead, Holmscroft was secure in his conviction
that the Arcanum would, in time, grow.

The FirstRitual

The diary of Winthrop Murray, 25 December 1885:

It is a well-known fact that rituals exist to serve many
purposes. On the social level, the practice of rituals helps to
maintain a sense of continuity, a feeling of tradition: as we do
now, so have our forebears done, and shall our successors do.
Ritual is a visible link between generations.

Many truths are symbolically expressed through ritual, for
these simple acts may often clothe the ideals and beliefs of an
organization. Ritual is the vehicle through ‘which man may
travel beyond the realm of his immediate experience.

Holmscroft knew these things when he created the Rituals
of the Arcanum. I fully suspect that the Rituals he presented to
us had been in practice since long before the formation of the
Arcanum. I saw much that had been adopted from the HORD's
system of rituals, but much of what Holmscroft initiated was of
origins unknown to me. Holmscroft, when questioned, an-
swered with complete candor that these rituals had descended
from the Mysteries of Eleusis and Orpheus, from the sacred cults
of Isis and Osiris. This, of course, must have been some fabrica-
tion —or perhaps embellishment isa more appropriate term?—
on his part, for such rites were oral, and have been lost through
time.

Regardless, Holmscroft has insisted that the Rituals of the
Arcanum remain oral as well; it is unlawful to write them down
or repeat them outside of their context. Tonight he shall
officiate at the first Ritual — our initiation into the Arcanum.
Thus we shall become something more than merely an intellec-
tual venture.

26 December 1885

I write this after having returned from our Initiation: a truly
moving and powerful event; | would almost believe the Muses
themselves were invoked this night.

Brown, however was absent; whether he had Yuletide
activities to attend to, as would be expected of one of his office,
or whether he refused to participate in a clearly pagan activity,
has yet to be seen.

Ona lighter note: Holmscroft announced that news of our
venture has been spreading through the occult community, and
anumber of other scholars and students have expressed interest
in joining our fellowship.

The Early Years

From the Papers of Seneca Hunt, Historian:
The first fifteen years of the Arcanum were marked by a
slow but steady increase in membership. More than a few of

24 HALts oF THE AncANUM

hemes in common err drew = re follggers,

* The very word, ‘ "maystery," edimes from these cults: eas
~ [musterion], meaning "secret rite" — such knowledge that could"

__ only be revealed fo an inittate. These secrets often included
"dramatic initiation rites, most ofwhich trumpeted the symbolic

1 ,death and rebirth of the initiate. Mystery cults were paths of
*Sestasy, which filled emotional and spiritual needs often Jeft

* unfulfilled by the civic rituals' of Greece and Rome. teat pails

~ promised imn ity, and éven resurrection from the

themes more fully developed ints

tianity itself was once viewed a

mystery religion.) DR As :

The mystery seligions of ancient Greece believed there
were three types of knowledge: tnaqhsie $mathesis} (knowledge
+ which be learned), gnwsiV [gnosis (a re: le: or

experienti Iknowledge);and paghsi¥t{pathesi (3 ifs edna
; edge). Mystery religions attem; 9 expetien all e
‘ forms.-Many rites had*both exetéric aspects fot the; populage at

~

* largé, and esoteric elements, revealed only to choot teed few

who had been sworn to secrecy. The role of secrecy ik mystery,

religions cannot be overemphasized: all initiateswene ‘obligated
to take a vow of silence, ang no records exist of on of
these oaths.

sre ~
The cults thems eventually died out, apd | many of

their. mysteries died with'

m. There are'some rumers, how- ;

ever, that these religions have survived to this day, practiced in i

complete secrecy by a select few —

In the, course of this research, | came across a-single
* reference & the White Veils of the Temple, a small sect:of
priests who lived in the Holy Land in the time‘of Solomon (10th
B.C.). This obscure following is believed to have a an
ce pred&cessor of the mystery éults, but unforttinarely!
ther mgterial about them could be unearthed. .

— Research notes of Jonathan Lewis . d +4
ve i aan

é

these members were eminently qualified scholars. More impor-
tantly, some new members were not mere scholars but also
occult practitioners: quite a few, in fact, possessed strong psychic
talents or even dabbled in the magical arts. Holmscroft actually
went out of his way to recruit such members, though whether
this was for his own purposes or for the benefit of the Arcanum
was not at that time clear.

The Diary of Winthrop Murray, 15 March 1886:

All goes well. We are beginning to attract more and more
qualified candidates, and the knowledge base of our cabal grows
steadily. Our membership is now just over 25. We have even
been contacted by two women who desire to join our fellowship
as well — a notion that I find absurd! Even more absurd,
however, is Holmscroft's apparent inclination to initiate them
into the Arcanum.

The Reverend Brown continually grows more distant. His
attendance at our biweekly business meetings is Sporadic at best,
and he rarely participates when he does attend. Though

byt-this cannot be verified. 4

iva


Holmscroft has spoken with him at length about this, he has
been unable to resolve things. I believe he is still vexed about
Brown's absolute refusal to participate in our Rituals, even
though Holmscroft has amended the wording of the invocation
of the Deity so that any Christians among our group will not be
unnecessarily offended.

em at 24 November 1886
ron A This day marks the completion of our first year in existence. "
yr
ould' "sy é In retrospect, we have made great strides: we are now 48 *
ded ARS Journeymen strong, with a full 29 of these residing at Holmscroft !
solic. E Manor. We have an additional five Associates.
1 of Holmscroft's role is evolving. He has ceded all financial
eft ° management to the Executive Committee and our new Trea-
cults surer. The only activity which is still very much in his province
: . *% ismembership. Otherwise, he can usually be found sitting in the
‘ern E ete reading through the research and writings of our mem-
"A. ers.

His leadership, though understated, is still a strong force in
the organization. Although he never coerces or demands, and
always takes into account the will of the society as a whole,
Holmscroft is clearly the one in charge. Little transpires without
his knowledge or approval: though it may not appear at first to
be so, he is almost always proven to have had a hand in
everything that occurs in the Arcanum.

A case in point: Last month, Massimo Linarelli, our Italian
Journeyman, was in private communiqué with a French Catho-
lic clergyman in Rome who appears to be an expert on
demonology. Linarelli was privately considering him as a candi-
date for membership in the Arcanum. He claims to have spoken
tonoone about his intentions, until he received a telegram from
Holmscroft:

The priest is with the Society of Leopold. Attempting to
infiltrate. Do not offer membership. B.H. ;

Linarelli approached me about this, quite perplexed as to~ ~
how Holmscroft could know of his intentions and the priest's
possible affiliation. I, of course, had no answer.

Our society now represents quite a diverse array of fields of
expertise:

Brown is the most knowledgeable about vampire-related
issues. Some of our members scoff at him, accusing him of falling
victim to Christian paranoia and arguing that that any vampire
tales must surely be allegories. Brown, however, remains stead-
fast in his claims.

My own training is in Egyptology. My interest began with
Egyptian magic, and this has since broadened to the study of
titual magic all across the world. I have been researching the
theory and practice of magic as it has developed throughout
history.

McPhee is well versed in the faerie lore, though one can

eR a hl SE OS BS Be ES as Pe

Ha PREP ETE g POR S

ore never be sure whether he truly believes faeries exist. McPhee

ws himself is rather fay: while no one doubts his sincerity, there may

yen be occasion to question the persistence of his convictions.

hip Jonathan Kelvin is quite the expert on the Afterlife, and

ird, a has embarked upon a scientific study of hauntings and related

em phenomena. I do wonder, however, whether his obsession with ,
"after-death" stems from a personal fear of death, and where this ‘

His may ultimately lead him. '

est, ‘i

igh :

; Cuapten Two: Tae Darxuna Roap 25


Roger Corwin has been actively collecting lore on «4. - ee
lycanthropy from all across the world. The majority of his pe wy Res
accumulated knowledge relates to werewolves. Corwin, ever [°° oe:
the alienist, believes that lycanthropy is merely a psychiatric ° a
condition in which the victim suffers delusions of transforma-
tion into psychotic monsters capable of great crime. The fact * The Rosicruciangie :
that there have been no witnesses to the phenomenon, while = Part III: The Brothers of the Holy On
there have been many witnesses of random individuals going * Christian Rosenkreutz and the first Brothers of the Holy
berserk and mindlessly attacking others, lends some testament — - Cross, ready to begin their work, retiréd to a temple which they
to this notion. Irregardless, Corwin is a thorough scholar, and ' named the Domus Sanctus Spiritus.'They collected.a library -

\
has traveled extensively in his search for some evidence that will i, with resources on virtually every subject of the arts and sciences
disprove his theory. (This done, they decided to separate and travel the earth, healing

Ps . . yethe ill for no pay or profit. They agreed to reunite oncga yeat at'
Holmscroft, typically enigmatic, seems to know much but Fine Sanctus Spiritus on the "Day of C" — the date och is

offers little. unknown, but is suspected to be the Christian feast of Cog

On the other hand, I must admit that I have seen scant , Christ, which takes place on the Thursday after the eig =
evidence of anyone progressing on this "journey to enlighten- "Sunday following Easter — in order to renew their bonds. The ~"
ment" which Holmscroft spoke of so eloquently. While I can _; identity of the fraternity was to remain secret until the brother-
hardly expect to see any real physical manifestations, and such hood received a sign that it was time to reveal itself. For ah

progress is usually a subtle development, it seems that the the brothers quietly performed their duties.

majority of our members are more concerned either with the * According to the Fama, Father Christian died in 1484 ai
operation of the Arcanum or with their own academic research. ~ the age of 106: "oppressed by no disease, which he had neither .
Little "new ground" has been broken; we appear only to be felt in his o y nor allowed to attack others, bu ummoned
collecting what research has already been written, and discuss- instead by the Spirit of God." Father Christian was betied by two
ing theories that have already been proven. Still, the Arcanum of his followers, who swore never to reveal his burial place.

'

isonly in its infancy, and it must learn to crawl before it cant tread In 1604, several Rosy Cross brothers, including the author «"
the difficult journey ahead. of-the Fama, found a concealed door at a hidden location a
15 January 1888 probably Germany. Inscribed upon the door was a Latin phrase:
ty , Post Centum Viginti Annos Patebo, or "after 120 years | will
We learned today the reason for Brown's absence from our reappear." . — ,

last regular meeting. A representative attempted to visit him at
St. Basil's in London, but was informed that he had moved out, the centet: The room was brilliantly iljuminated, although there
suddenly and without explanation, the week before. was no known way for sunlight to enter it. Each of the seven walls

Holmscroft is quite incensed — in fact, |haveneverbefore contained many compartments,' all of which held svondrous
seen him in such a state. In private conversation, he confessed __ things: copies of all the ordg#f' books, the Vocabtltarium of
to having long suspected the clergyman's motives, but he Paracelsus (a Swiss alchemigt® born a good decade after Father
allowed him to remain for his contributions in the area of Christian's burial), the journal of Father Christian's life and'

a

Behind the door was a seven-sided vault, with an altar in -

vampire lore. Holmscroft described Brown as one whodoes not — tavels, as well as mirrors, bells, and lamps. ~*» * %
scare easily — in fact Holmscroft has never detected any trace Beneath the altar itself was the body of Father G pristiang ‘
of fear in him. ."fair and worthy .:.whole and unconsumed," Father Chiisti

Wecannot believe that his departure was forced upon him; fons ene the Liber T — described in the Fama as te
. . ; . . Rosicrucians' "greatest treasure next to the Bible." at
it was inarguably one of his own choice. This can only mean that

he was simply using us for his own purposes and has now

- The brothers sealedfthe vault, confident that this was s the "
proceeded alongtoanotherpart ofhisplan, whatever that might augury needed to anni unce their presencé tovthe world. »
be.

The Rosicrucia# eritage has been trimpeted by a score eof
occult societies, many 6&which incorporated the Rosy-Gioss

theme into their name og'symbol. They have all proven fraudu-
ATime of Growth lent, and most scholars doubt the veracity and integrity of the ~
Correspondence of Jonathan Kelvin to Benjamen Fama, claiming it is little more than Reformation propaganda —
Holmscroft: echoing the Catholic critics who detided the Rosicrucian ove-
15 July 1888 ment from the beginning.

I'm so glad that we have agreed that it is time for the ; than ite many within the Arcanum, however, who be-\
Arcanum to move globally. However much I enjoy the trips to  Jieve that fhe Fama spoke either allegorically, or even literally; ,
England for our meetings, | often feel at a loss here in America. that somewhere lies the undisturbed tomb of Christian'
How soon before other Houses will finally be opened? The Rosenkreutz, and that the Wise Men of Damcar still teach their
Manor, of course, shall always be the Foundation House of the rgecret lores.

Arcanum. 2 — Research notes of Jonathan Lewis." ‘4 s
I am particularly grateful to you for having chosen me for * Fi a % e , ut
Af directorship of the Boston Chapter. I shall endeavor to follow 4 ~ gy pe feel
i the example of your leadership. . " < A "alg!
~ "SA ae"

! 28 Haus oF THE Amcanum


e of
fOSS
du-
the ~

ve-

fe: 4 i
lly;

\
|

\eir
5 #

By the way — Peter Carroll, an agent of mine, claims to
have seen J.S. Brown in New York. I am investigating this.
Yours,

JK.

* KOK

1 August 1888, telegram:

Peter Carroll is now missing. J.K.
* OK OK

From the Papers of Seneca Hunt, Historian:

The second and third Chapters of the Arcanum were
established in 1888. During the fall, Holmscroft and other
officers traveled to America to preside over the opening of the
Boston Chapter. Kelvin was appointed Chancellor of the Chap-
ter, five Associates were initiated as Neophytes, and three new
Associates were appointed.

Kelvin and Holmscroft had worked together in the preced-
ing months to ensure that the second chapter of the Arcanum
would be worthy of the honor. The organization purchased a
large Colonial building from a group of Freemasons in financial
distress: this became the offices and library of the Boston
Chapter, while the residence adjoiningit, also included with the
purchase, became the domicile for the chapter members.

The third chapter was opened later that winter in Vienna.
A magnificent Baroque structure became the joint office-cum-
residence of the Vienna Chapter. Roger Corwin, whose research
inevitably took him to the Germanic countries, was appointed
Chancellor, while four newer members relocated there as well.
Two Austrians were initiated as Journeymen, and a new class of
Neophytes (four at first, though one withdrew two weeks after
the initiation) joined the chapter.

The years 1889 — 1900 marked the first great expansion
stage. Although more Chapter Houses were established in later
years, those founded during this period have proven to be the
most influential in the Arcanum's history. Houses were opened
in both Europe and the United States.

Although the Arcanum was founded and managed prima-
tily by Britons, it was not limited to the British Empire. In
addition to the Chapter House established in Vienna, the very
heart of the Austrian Empire, a House was opened in Paris. The
opening proved to be quite a spectacular event, as befits the City
of Lights. A series of other Chapter Houses opened across the
Continent in quick succession: Berlin, Prague, Budapest, and
St. Petersburg. The early philosophy of the Arcanum was to root
its Chapter Houses into places of political and intellectual
weight; the early European Chapter Houses tended to be in
magnificent buildings, often enormous Baroque homes or me-
dieval estates. This proved unfortunate during the war years of
the 20th century, as such properties were often seized by the
government or simply destroyed in the course of the conflict.

Closer to home, a Chapter House was opened in Dublin,
and Liam McPhee was chosen to serve as Chancellor — to no
one's surprise. Massimo Linarelli pushed for a House in Rome,
but his arguments went unheard. Holmscroft was most likely
wary of maintaining a presence so close to the headquarters of
the Catholic witch-hunters known as the Society of Leopold.

Progress was slower in the United States. The Boston
Chapter House thrived, and plans were made for Houses in

ae

Washington, D.C. and San Francisco, although these took
longer to establish.

The expansion of the Arcanum was somewhat limited by
the Victorian mindset of that period. Few Chapter Houses were
opened in South America, Asia or Africa. Although Holmscroft
did appear to have an interest in spreading out to other regions,
he could find little administrative interest or support. He had
the authority to open Chapter Houses at his discretion, but was
wise enough to know that they needed dedicated Journeymen
inorder to thrive, orsimply survive. The Arcanum certainly had
scholars interested in these more remote areas, and some
members did travel to such locations, typically residing in cities
where the British Crown was firmly rooted, such as Baghdad,
Cairo or Calcutta. However, few formal Chapter Houses were
established during this period.

By the late 1890s, the leadership of the Arcanum was
slowly changing. Of the original nine members, two had died of
natural causes, one died mysteriously — his body found in a
London alley — and one had retired from the Arcanum's
activities. The Committee included the following original
founders: Holmscroft, McPhee, Linarelli, Murray and Kelvin.
Many newer members preferred to join the Executive commit-
tee only for a few years, ultimately stepping down to return to
research and study.

The Boston Fire

From the correspondence of Jonathan Kelvin to Benjamen
Holmscroft:

15 July 1910

Benjamen:

I write this at dawn, after a lengthy and disturbing discus-
sion with Journeyman Robert Brooks. Allow me to start at the
beginning:

My monthly reports have kept you relatively up-to-date on
the activities of Brother Robert, but should the details have
slipped your mind, I shall summarize.

The smaller towns of Massachusetts have particularly old
and confusing histories, often tangled with the dark thread of
witchcraft: Robert Brooks, one of our newer Journeymen and a
native of this city, is convinced that there is much witchcraft
practice still going on in New England. It has long been his
opinion that the witch trials of both our country and the Old
World were not based entirely on paranoia and superstition, but
that there were some grains of truth to the accusations. Further-
more, he maintains that dark cults still thrive in this area. He was
intent on gathering proof. .

After some months' persistent research, Mr. Brooks not
long ago managed to make contact with a society that claims to
routinely commune with a dark deity — whom they say is not
Satan nor any other Luciferian entity, but is equally powerful —
in order to offer blood sacrifices. More important than these
particularly grisly details, Brooks' contact reported that this
"entity" has displayed a remarkable range of superhuman pow-
ers, including the ability to merge with the earth itself. Brooks
hoped to "join" this cult, for the purpose of learning more about
the supposed deity, and in the hopes of determining whether
there is any supernatural verity to these reports.

Cuapten Two: Tue Dankune Roan 27

Writ Sat ID le

Se STS

(gO a eae

SS te ==

es nih bell

<

Settles

age LW) a,

at™

ye

eee Ne Lod Ag


Mr. Brooks effectively "disappeared" a few weeks ago in an
attempt to infiltrate the society. He indicated that he would
initiate contact as soon as he was able: he feared that upon
announcing his intention to join the cult, he would be shad-
owed for a short time, and he did not wish to reveal his ties to
the Arcanum.

[had retired to my study late this evening to work on some
private research — as you know, positions of leadership often
leave one little time during the day for personal projects — and
ultimately fell asleep at my desk, when a frantic knock on the
door roused me. A quick glance at the mantel clock showed it
to be five o'clock in the morning.

Answering the‘summons, I found Robert Brooks and our
night Steward; Brother Robert was pale and weak, his clothes
tom and bloody, and he reported that he had an awful tale to tell.
I poured him some brandy as the Steward went for medical
assistance and a secretary to record the transcript of Brother
Robert's tale, which is here recorded (in a somewhat abridged
form) for your benefit:

"I was successful in joining the cult, which I was told took
the name the Children of Hecate; they claimed to worship none
other than the undying goddess of hidden magic. The cult
currently numbers eleven members, mostly men. One member
had recently ‘quit' the Children — it was implied that she lost
interest in it, but I fear now that something far more terrible was
involved —and I was offered her place. I planned to attend four
meetings, and if nothing of import or value occurred, I would
find a way to extricate myself from the society.

"I was present for two of their weekly meetings, held in a
remote grove outside Boston; there, I and the other followers
engaged in little more than ritual debauchery. The Children of
Hecate claimed that sex magic was one of the most powerful
forms of magical practice, and their activities were designed not
tosatisfy the loins but to temper the soul for the work that would
be done. My disappointment was nearly as great as my disgust for
the random carnality of the event.

I attended the third meeting — earlier this evening —
expecting more of the same. It began accordingly, and pro-
ceeded apace to another night of ritual fornication, men and
women coupling madly with whomever was their assigned ...
‘ritual partner.'

In the midst of all this, however, the ground literally shifted
beneath me, and within mere seconds, an ebon-skinned woman
had risen through the earth to join me and my ritual consort in
our activities. All the other Children of Hecate broke off from
their coupling, quite literally a coitus interruptus, and encircled
me, my consort, and the Dark Lady.

"I was already amazed and terrified at the woman's ability
to rise from the earth: she was not merely covered by a light
scattering of dirt, but truly broke free from the ground. But her
beauty was overwhelming, and incomparable; I could scarcely
resist the desire to look at her, touch her, taste her.

"As this ménage @ trois continued, the encircled cultists
began a low chant. It was some bastardized Greek, but I confess
I was too ...preoccupied... to pay attention to the words. The
name Hecate was repeated in the refrain, though, and it was
apparent that this Dark Lady was their Hecate. Soon, they were
all engaged in yet another orgy, and the Dark Lady roamed about
the group, taking her pleasures with whomever she chose.

28 Haus oF THe Agcanum

== . Ses

-_--%

"It was at this point I realized that I was bleeding: a number
of her love bites drew blood, but I was so enrapt in the pleasure
of it all that I must not have noticed. Across my body were little
gashes, where she bit into my flesh.

"T turned and saw her bent over another of her followers,
suckling from him and obviously giving intense pleasure. And
then, she looked up, and..."

For the record, I would like to add that at this point Brother
Robert wept inconsolably. When he finally calmed, he contin-
ued his narrative.

"Her love bites were not mere tuggings of flesh: Hecate was
biting into her followers and drinking the blood that sprang
forth. Her victims' pleasure was orgiastic. Other Children
waited, begged to be chosen next, or lay there, spent in their
sexual frenzy. Her strength was enormous: she would pick up
even her most ungainly followers and carry him in herarms, with
no more difficulty than a mother might hoist her child.

"Stifling the scream which was begging to erupt, I crawled
to my clothing; under cover of night, I fled through the woods,
and finally made my way back here."

This obviously bears further investigation.

Yours,

JK.

P.S. I have more disturbing news to report before putting
this-in the morning mail. One of our Journeymen was on the
widow's walk last night, engaged in some astronomical observa-
tion, and he detected a number of individuals roaming through
the grounds. Examination this moming revealed several sets of
footprints; it is possible that Brother Robert led the Children to
our door. | shall have to consider security for our house.

The Journal of Winthrop Murray, 17 July 1910

Tragedy.

Jonathan Kelvin telephoned to inform us that the Boston
Chapter House has been destroyed in a conflagration. Much of
the library was destroyed, but our Brothers and Sisters valiantly
braved the flames to rescue as many books as could be saved; it
is estimated that over 500 books were destroyed, including

_ almost 100 rare works. In addition, the Chapter House's ar-

chives were destroyed.

The fire, incidentally, also claimed three lives.

Kelvin feels the "Dark Lady" was at fault; he spoke with
Holmscroft at great length, but little more has been revealed to
us.

1 August 1910

The Boston event has forced us to consider the issue of
security, a matter which we had never taken very seriously in the
past. Considering ourselves to be scholars and mystics, we
believed that we were free from any real danger. We have
learned better now.

After serious consideration, the Executive Committee has
at last declared that each Chapter House should appoint one of
its members to the position of Warden, the primary administra-
tive duty of which will be to maintain the House's security.

This decision to implement security measures is one that
has long been under consideration, but too many of us felt that
as gentlemen and women of erudition and enlightenment, such
a banal matter was beneath our concem. The tragedy in Boston

has taught us a valuable lesson.
* KOK

«et ne"


= ait c= 95 wt SS oe ee 7S oe AS eeQinn = 78 os tS ete es oie et Pe aM ene 4p: she Sees Se ah
be From the Papers of Seneca Hunt, Historian:
ae OF In November of 1910, the Arcanum finally opened two
ttle' new Chapter Houses in the United States: San Francisco, and

Washington, D.C. The development for the Houses had been
underway for a number of years, particularly as U.S. interest in
the Arcanum — and the Arcanum's interest in the U.S. —
grew. Plans were made for a grand celebration of the new
American expansion.

her : Their opening, however, soclose on the heels of the Boston
‘in- 3 fire, was shadowed by tragedy. The Chapter was to be rebuilt, but

ers,
ind

SNA. 78h,

oa

* this required time and money that had not originally been =
was! included in the budget, progress on the two new American ‘
ng: Chapter Houses being too close to completion. A new House "i
ren : was under construction for the Washington chapter, and a tf
cir telatively new building would be purchased for the San Fran- {
up Lj cisco location.
ith 4 The Arcanum still arranged to hold a celebration at each

z new Chapter House, on 24 November — the anniversary of the
led Arcanum's founding. Members of the Executive Committee

",  Benjamen Holmstrafts
Littlecan besaid with anyeereaintpab a
the enigmatic founder of the Arcan pemiriy dt

ing of his life, one can only make assumptions as to his age at death: He-*: >
the indicated that he was 33 years qld at the founding of the Arcanum, in,
va- + 1885; this would make his 62 when he died in 1914. ¢. * ry
igh No records of Holmscroft's birth or education have grer bee
s of found, nor has anyone who knew him prior to his brief foray thté:

1 tO. HORD in 1879.He is remembered by HORD associates-as a $

figure, who was not easily swayed by the volatile temperaments of: #
many of the organization's members. His primary interest was the,2yy
teachings of the Rosicrucians, and when it became apparent that tha: 1 iy

oh cult was afraud, he left disillusioned. He retired to hisfamily estate in" *
1of  — London and kept in touch'with only thosg few colleag whom he «5
tly considered to be of a like mind. " a es
; it Even when he formed the Arcanum and waé surrounded by-a' ¥;
ing large circle of colleagues and frierids, few could claim to know him. |
Winthrop Murray, his Secretary, was most likely the closest to him, *
but little remains of Murray's prodigious writings.
Contemporary chroniclers of. the Arcanum indicate that
Holmscroft appeared to be in his mid-to‘fate-40s when the Arcdnumt-
began. He was stubbornly reluctant to allow phordpraphs tp.be taken
ofhim; although a few pictures ageiiltid to exist, these have disappeared ~
* into the bowels of the Found&tion House's archives. 4 Be |
For a man said to look much older than his'téportéd age at the *'

a ale

ith
Ito

yes

a
NTIS OTR gor NE I, ba ind

ome =,

2 (
¢ founding of the Arcanum, he also allegedly appeared muclyaunger"%s
we than his reported age at his death. He was des¢ribedl as looking "tat \
nae ; much older than 40ish" when he was last seen istpublic, in 191*.—~!
Winthrop Murray,and Clifford Parker, taen43rand Chancellor, "*
- «Witnessed Holmscrof'é death. His wake was clésed-casket, as per his __
Lof —-Tequest. Journeymen from fcross the world attended'the funeral, held
ra- «fin the private cemetery behind the Foundation House. ee

Winthrop Murray, the first Secretary of the Executive Cor arhits ©.
vat -—« © and Holmscroft's personal Secretary as well, was the ors...
sat closest s,s Murray's extant writings deal almost excl vely \
alk , with the'history of the Arcanum. He was known to be a dedicated x
a. diarist, but his personal writings did not survive his death, only four
& Months after Holmscroft's burial. Murray's funeral was a quiet, private 3
& fair, although he too was buried in the Arcanum 'c metgry. oe

— Private research of Jonathan Lewis .

Cuapten Two: Tue Danxune Roap


_ disposal. |
Other Chapt Pauses under Gem a 5 ontrol also took *
. action, as the nets spgead through their information channels.

- nately, had a few National Socialists — or rather, "loyal citizens"
* — in its midst, and these ultimately contacted. Hitler; revedlig

(except Holmscroft, Murray and McPhee, who became more
"and more reluctant to leave their own Houses) visited each new
House, and took this opportunity to make a startling announce-
ment: having analyzed the surge of interest in research in the
United States, the Executive Committee had elected to grant
the American Chapters their autonomy. The Boston Chapter
already enjoyed some measure of independence, and with the
development of several more Chapter Houses, the Committee
determined that it would serve the organization to establish a
central Chapter House in America. Jonathan Kelvin would be
given jurisdictional authority over the United States.

Even more surprising was the announcement that Jonathan
Kelvin would be moving to the Washington Chapter House.
This new House would thus become the most important in the
country.

Kelvin, it should be noted, never quite recovered from the
Boston fire. Although he was not physically harmed, and his
managerial skills never faltered, he was obviously disturbed by
the events. He intensified his research into thanatology and
afterlife beliefs, and became ever more reclusive.

and his involvement wi e, Thi iesdllchah (the Thut
Society, a group of German nationalist-mystics¥ afd' thi g

many reason to worry. The organization wisely maigtaj

low profile, and some Arcanistsinfiltfated the Thule =a
in order to gather information. The Berlin Chapter, rtu-

to him,the Arcanum's presence and their miésign i into: the hea
of Germany. 7 atin Se
* Needless to say, Hidléewas more than a Bee

group of occult scholars vGlungeeriits servicesg—particiilarlyon a
‘with the resources of the-Arcanum. The entire Berlin Chapa
House thus came under. Hitler's' control: everything that be- |
~ longed to the Arcanum in Berlin be

party, and the German Ar
service. me tt

removed —
records. Unfor-

The Arcanum rea

tunately, there was not time ment to sate iting and~ ds
Hitler was left with van goldapine a research achis :

Anything of valunisgtrined away from thé Vienna afid Prague .
Houses .almost overnight; when Germany encroacheg\upon
France's borders, the Arcanum renioved the Paris i 5
resourges as well. These never traveled far — usually ah
ment#and attics of those secretly allied to the Arcantim — b ue"
they stayed out of Germany's reach. : ~e
dhe Berlin House was ultimately destroyed i ind anal years
of the war. After it was all over, and the citys wis fivided, ‘the.
Arcanum decided not to rebuild." ~ * ea:

— Research notes of Jonath n Beis f Set

"NF

30 Haus oF THE AncaNum

the property of the Nazi" of
ii sstivere =o inte ‘their' 4

The World at War

From the Papers of Seneca Hunt, Archivist:

The years encompassing the two World Wars proved to be
as dramatic for the Arcanum as they were for the rest of the
world.

Benjamen Holmscroft died in 1914, with the beginning of
the Great War. After the opening of the three new American
Chapters in 1910, he retired as Grand Chancellor, and a new
candidate was chosen from among the Executive Committee.
In the years prior to Holmscroft's death, he had become almost
entirely a recluse; he was not seen by anyone other than the new
Grand Chancellor, or Winthrop Murray, who remained
Holmscroft's private assistant.

By 1915, the leadership of the Arcanum had almost en-
tirely overturned; it is surprising to some that the tenure of the
founders lasted almost thirty years — an impressive period
indeed.

The First World War sparked some real tension within the
Arcanum, as many Chapter Houses fell on opposing sides of the
battle lines. The Houses of Prague, Berlin and Vienna were
hardest hit, as they were located in what the rest of the Arcanum
considered to be "enemy territory." Though political issues were
for the most part kept out of Arcanum discussions and opera-
tions, nationalisticsentimentsare difficult to resist. Furthermore,
with all of Europe ignited by war, much of the Arcanum's
research and "field work" came to a standstill.

The loss of the St. Petersburg Chapter House in 1917 was
adisheartening blow. Enemy soldiers seized the House itself and
destroyed most of its records and books. The Russian Journey-
men either fled the country — taking with them what books or
research they could — or were killed in the process. It is not
known how many materials were destroyed, and how much fell
into the hands of the new Soviet leaders.

The Second World War proved even more catastrophic.
The Foundation House — along with the rest of London —
lived under the looming threat of German bombs, while a
number of Chapter Houses fell into Nazi territories. Many of the
Arcanum's Journeymen found their investigative and research

skills to be useful in the war as well, and either enlisted or served

in Intelligence for the Allies. The majority of members, when-
ever possible, continued their work as usual.

The first half of the 20th century, in spite of the many
political changes that affected the Arcanum, was also one of the
most fruitful periods for research and exploration: the world
literally opened up, as membership expanded and new frontiers
were broken.

The Cold War

The dramatic political changes brought about by both
world wars threw many Chapter Houses intochaos. The Arcanum
began a new expansion phase after the War years, deciding that
while well-established Chapter Houses were important, the
network of the Arcanum should be more broadly based, in order
to change with the changing world.

Chapter Houses were not abolished, but a new classifica-
tion was invented: Colonies. These were groups of Arcanum
scholars who worked together in an area that lacked the full
financial or administrative support of the Foundation House.
Colonies typically had little funding, and no permanent prop-


‘re

2y-

Lot

ell

a
he
ch

N-

ny
rd

oTS

wat.

ee ap

SR RE te

"

erty in the Arcanum's name. They flourished in a variety of
cities across the world, foraying into regions not yet explored,
including previously unexplored parts of Africa and South
America, and finally venturing into the Far East. Places thathad
been informal homes to Arcanum scholars and had frequently
been centers of scholarly activity — Hong Kong, Calcutta, etc.
— finally received official status.

The "Colony" concept had actually existed for quite a
while, though it had not been recognized officially. The lack of
an Arcanum Chapter House in an area did not necessarily mean
that that area did not receive attention; frequently, Arcanists
who lived in these places would open their homes to visiting
colleagues. Likewise, the Arcanum had actually maintained
such unofficial centers in Rome, Istanbul, and other places
where it proved difficult to establish a formal Chapter House;
these, however, were covert in nature and virtually unknown to
most members. With no property or formal holdings in the
name of the Arcanum, colonies could appear or disappear
overnight. The "Colony" category, it turned out, was just old
wine in a new skin. ;

Colonies were also good testing grounds for future Chapter
House sites. Indeed, some areas that were given colonies finally
earned the coveted Chapter House status.

The Arcanum inthe Modern Day

The Arcanum has changed little from its earliest concep-
tion. Although administratively the organization has had to
adapt itself to changing times, its core mission remains unal-
tered. It has learned from experience, to be sure, and has made
some changes in order to allow for growth. There are at present
approximately 300 Journeymen and women of the Arcanum,
and another 200 Associate members — loosely allied research-
ers and investigators who aid the Arcanum in its mission.

Journeymen of the modern day are inheritors of the mission
of the first Founders of the Arcanum. We are protd to call
ourselves Journeymen, to know that we share the Rituals of
Holmscroft and Murray, that we walk the same road.

The shadows beckon; let us enter and learn.

— Lecture notes of Geoffrey Truesdell

PartTwo: The World of Shadows

Would you like my mask?

Would you like my mirror?

Cries the man in the shadowing hood.

You can look at yourself

You can look at each other

Or you can look at the face of your god.

— Loreena McKennitt, "Marrakesh Night Market"

"Why does the Arcanum study the supernatural?" Nahar
asked,

Geoffrey looked at her, thoughtfully. Always the simplest
questions are the most profound. "We study the supernatural
because in it we may find the keys to the nature of man." He saw
her cock an eyebrow, ever so slightly, and he corrected himself:
"The nature of humanity."

He continued. "What is the world in which we live? If, as
Plato would have it, we are in a cave, and we see only the

'Sy¥ymposia and seminars have included the following'
Damcar, the City of the Ancients.
= Damcar, the*missing city of ‘the Ancients who

" "Supplies 4nd to transport more cdlonisté, but wat heli by the;

#" events, perennially catch the attention.

, Christian Rosenkreutz, is a perennial favorite. Damcar is believed ‘*

» but thriving place, where the Ancients still teach their mysteries, |
_a Shunt agh

" — somewhere in. Pérsia or

shadows of reality flickering on the wall, then it is our duty to
learn the entirety of the cave and those things which cast the
shadow, as well as the source of the light itself. And, if1 may go
one step further, we should study that which is hidden in the
shadows, that which is not immediately apparent." He could see
he was losing the Neophytes.

"Nahar, why do you study the paranormal?"

She stared contemplatively at the table-top for a few
moments, as if divining an answer from the intricate swirl of the
wood-grain surface, and then looked up. "Because it represents
a higher reality to me, something which is too often ignored. I
am not content with gauging only what people have done, but
would seek to know, rather, what they are capable of, even if
previously unimagined."

Geoffrey nodded. "So you study for your own advance-
ment."

"Right," she agreed. "And ultimately, to use what I learn to
benefit others."

y-to be more than just a "lost city," — it is believed to be a hi deni

of occult knowledge and'wisdom. ee ogee
~ The Arcanum actively solicits any information a the.po#
sible location of Damcary@ny Arcanist whd. comes*across
references to it in any of their ifvestigations or research is requited
to report such information to the Grand Chancellor immediately.
; The Wise Men of Damcar; who"instructed Christian
Rosenkretitz, were said to practic magic, and seme within:the
Arcanum see Damicar as a refuge gt gnagic; if this¥ity found _
ersia 12,"most likely — then these"

*

aa 5

me aes oe

Ze

mystics may have much to offer. Be a?
In the 1920s, the Arcanum sponsored. one trip'to the deserts ay

of Arabia, following what they believed were'clues ‘to the wher¥=

_ abouts of Damcar. The expedition never returied. ‘eo!
The Lost Colony," ; eda a ee

» "Another perennial-favorite' is the mystery the Roanoke -
Island and the Lost Coley, the first English colohy established fis

the United States. tg - he
Roanoke Island, part of North ‘Carolina's Outer ] as.
« settled in $587 by explorer John White,*who brought 120-fien, +

*

*women-and children with him from Plyméuth, England. Gov id a
"por White left his colony in the autumn _to return to England op —

*Spanisk¥ Armada and was unable to return until 1590.

Co Pa

&

vy tis
Pes

"8 . a

Cuaprer Two: Tae Daakune Aoap

a al


a *Yisappeared. The only clues were -

+1, into trees near the abandoned: village

"a * The fate of the colonists remat fs ists,
"scholars and sciencissall haves involve the
"missing colonists jdining up w lyauigerve'AA merican tribes.
number of members suspect that some ore was involved- —just-
_.» What, however, they have yet to agree On. s 2%
i 3 Alchemy \. u: ae An
Py : The first point: Alchemy is not merely asuperstition-faden nek;

F™ cessor to chemistry. Alchemy is a science, but a sacred scienée, with
roots in both metaphysics and the natural éciences. ae Ss
The second point: the main function of alchemy is not to change
lead into gold. While some alchemists ("puffers" or "charcoal-burners"
as they were known) were concerned with this more base application
~ of its principles, the art and science of alchemy is neither limited to nar
defined by this singular goal.
i Alchemy is the science of immortality, wherein the physical i is
. understood a manifestation of the spiritual. The ctuc ible is the
human soul; the act of transmuting lead into gold repre ts the
"perfection of the human spirit, Alchemy is one of. the traditional
western sciences, practiced by both Christians ang Muslims. The
tradition is also taught in the East, in China and India" Even to this day
there are still many who claim to be practicing alchemists.
Alchemy has long been an area of fgcus among those who study
+ theoccult. Allegedly, the'science was known toChristian Rosenkreutz.
The Arcanum' s founder, Benjamen Holmscroft, was also said to have
some intérest in alchemy, though mast doubt that FF was actually a
practicing alchemist.

There are those‘among 7 2 wha, attempt to wy this
art, but thus.far have had fewSimportant successes.: lf there' are true
Alchemists, they remain hidden from view. mo f

Poltergeists é KR

One must be careful to distinguish between poltergeist activities
and classical hauntings.

The term poltergeist; gheaning " noisy ghost," ers to unexeiaite
able noisy rattlings, movement of objects (from furniture to
knickknacks), and othe ach disturbances. However; most poltergeist
incidents, upon examinatiéi, seem to occur.in the vicinity of a young
man or woman who lives afworks in the affected area: fn these cases,
the poltergeist is in fact the psychokinetic manifestation of a ri cy
mind — and what adolescent mind is not turbulent? Poltergeist
nomena is typically short-lived, while true rasan inay go orgfor
years, decades, or centuries.

It is Hot uncommon for Arcanists i investigating a possible haunt-
ing to turn their notes over to psi researchers when they realize the true
nature of their case. Unfortunately, the individuals responsible for the
re poling usually do not develop full-fledged PK abilities.
€
‘Be

*
4, <*

course, some poltergeist activity has been proven to'go on for

"years, sill centered on one person, and whether this is the ofa

possessive spirit or an unrefined and uncontrolled PK abiliry‘is not
always clear. » :
"That is what the Arcanum does, multiplied a thousand-

. fold. Weare not just historians, nor are we just parapsychologists,
or private investigators. We are all of the above, working in
concert, and teaching each other what we can."

"So why bother learning about ‘vampires,"" interjected
Jonathan, "assuming ] even acknowledge that they might exist,

\. F

we


is the
s the'®.

tional *:

isday

study
reutz.

haves.
ally a

hs
nie

"fg
4

Geoffrey said, "Call it one part scientific altruism, learning
for its own sake, and one part selfishness. If we seek to unlock the
keys to the past, then who better to speak with than one who
lived through it?"

"Perhaps | should break this down a little more categori-
cally," he said, sensing his pupils' internal struggles. "Let's start
at the beginning..."

Lesson 1: Places ofMystery

Dolmens, enchanted isles, ley lines, lost lands, abandoned
cities, mythical temples — all these have fired the imaginations
of the Arcanum's investigators and researchers from the
organization's inception. If humanity once possessed a secret
knowledge which is now lost, it is most likely to be found in the
ruins of our ancestors.

Many Arcanists are archaeologists and cartographers of the
mythic, seeking out those historic places that have ever been
surrounded by mystery. Some are content to research areas that
are commonly known, but may still hold the keys to further
mysteries: Mohenjo-Daro, the Great Pyramids, the stone circles,
Tikal, Petrus, Masada and other pointsacross the globe. Arcanists
believe the mysteries of the Ancients may be found here.'

Other Arcanists explore an even more mythic landscape,
searching for lost lands and vanished civilizations: Damcar,
Atlantis, Shamballah, the Hollow Earth, Lemuria, Mu, Lyonesse,
the Hyperborean continent, White Cathay, Camelot, the king-
dom of Prester John, and more. These places, spoken of only in
lore and occult speculation, are often the focus — nay, even the
obsession — of many an Arcanum scholar. They are more than
the key to ancient mysteries: they are the treasure box.

Mysteries of Space

The very concept of "alien visitors" has in the past met only

with derision in the Arcanum, though at present this atmo-

sphere has begun to change. >

From the beginning, a few Arcanists toyed with the notion
of extraterrestrial visitors, but neither their concerns nor their
suggestions were given much heed. During the 1970s, when the
world seemed to be in a "UFO heyday," interest in the topic
peaked. However, there was soon a backlash against the per-
ceived fad, and interest waned dramatically.

Within the past few years, interest in the extraplanetary
has slowly been on the rise again, and the subject has finally been
given some respect. Unfortunately, the Arcanum has been
unable to prove anything decisively about visitors from space.
The official line is, for now, UFOs are just that — unidentified
flying objects.

There are rumors that we secretly court astronauts and
NASA scientists, and that the Arcanum's photo-archives con-
tain numerous satellite-photographs of both the earth and
distant locations in space, but these rumors are typically dis-
counted as the wishful thinking of conspiracy-theorists gone
cosmic. In any case, we know links exist between the
otherworldly, the mundane, and the just plain lost. It's our job
— our quest — to uncover those links and find the pattern.

Lesson 2: Items of Power

Arcanists constantly collect lore and study or search for on
telics of the past and of legend — Excalibur, the Grail, the

; Ys kept things airtight."

> understand that you are akiry

om — Hermes ae
Ye From the journal of sackieat Lewis: ¢
me "Who is Hermes Trismegistus?" Paul asked. #95

- Geoffrey left our conference table momentarily and J
, turned with a series of books, which he identified as the Corpus 4
=» Hermeticum. "Hermes,. the Greek messenger god, became trz ah
formed early in the Christian era — the 2nd century, to' ben more™

-. precise — igesomething far greater: "Hermes Tr
. Hermes the- -Thrice-great." a

|

A number of Es _
number of magical writings are £ ateributedko: Herne —or-3

a

a

4

|

to Thoth, as he was called by the sdlaipes These writings vary
litele from the countless-other' magic cgl papyri popular in Egypt
during the time of Christ, but they ate ate fe gong the zmost important.

documents in the history,o f Eur: af occulion, ep "
"These Hermetica wer apleeS of 4 Cae inthe" |

Renaissance revival of pagan magic, and Hermes egistus is a

often a symbol of.the occult tradition. The Herméti -a Wexyes as

the root of most occult philosophies inthe west/and i is a

tracts on alchemy,- astr@logy, magic, and coft pondences7r =
‘occult sympathies' ge Becret links berweef seitinly flagaace

facets of creation." ~.~% Ry

William, our fic, neighborhood linguist sts a
tic >

here. "And, of course, when we speak of something as he

. cally sealed — or airtight — we are: drawing on thé He
* tradition, and the belief that Hermes invented a mae ‘seal ‘that s
4g ie

1

rd
:

Z "OR," Paul said. "So you're saying that He eve
Tuppefware?" <o ‘

ae . le Ss

= .

Philosopher's Stone, the Ark of the Covenant, and more. Those
Arcanists who seek these items do so religiously, more wander-
ing mystic than researcher, and they are admired (if sometimes
avoided) for their dedication.

The Arcanum has managed to collect many smaller relics,
items that have been important or which have some supernatu-
ral connection: the medicine pouch of a famous shaman, the
skull of a gargoyle, and other similar pieces — but for the most
part regards these as tangential evidence. They provide some
proof for the higher truths which the Arcanum seeks, but the
true relics are those truths.

Lesson3: Magic

Magic is real, but it isa minor and rarely seen phenomenon.
Many within the Arcanum— particularly thaumatologists, those
who study the history and theory of magic — believe that magic
was once a potent and thriving force in our world. These
thaumatologists argue that much evidence exists of magical
activity occurring throughout the Middle Ages, evidence which
cannot be summarily dismissed as mere superstition. Records
indicate that there were thriving communities of individuals
who were believed by the general population to work magic.

The medieval wizards, according to chroniclers, worked
together under a compact, and named their alliance the Order

Cuapten Two: THe Daaxuna Roap 33

== eee ee r,


a

aah
i
ee
a?
mn)
3

of Hermes — no doubt in reference to Hermes Trismegistus.
The magi of this Order were often publicly acknowledged by
local townsfolk as sorcerers and wizards, and the Arcanum has
uncovered many vignettes about their encounters and adven-
tures.

However, according to the theory of the thaumatologists,
magic — in its most powerful form — disappeared from our
world soon after the Middle Ages; multiple theories have been
advanced to explain this, from astrological conjunction to
astronomical phenomenon to the will of the Creator. The
communities of the Order of Hermes disbanded or died slowly
of attrition, and no further proof of magical activity on such a
widespread scale has been found.

Many within the Arcanum have dedicated their lives to
the rediscovery of this lost magic. The Arcanum has gathered
countless tomes on magical theory, compendia of incantations
and rituals, and more, and some members have even dabbled in
the practice of thaumaturgy.

Make no joke of this: magic is real, and we have those in our
midst who can prove it. However, even the smallest of magical
effects may take years of study and hours of application, and the
acquisition of such skill is often seen as pointless.

One of the most perplexing characteristics of magic is that
it simply cannot be proven to total skeptics. Experiments and
experience have repeatedly shown this to be true; any time
magic is attempted before a genuine skeptic, it inevitably fails.
Although there are cases in which it has been performed
successfully in the presence of self-professed skeptics, these
examples do not invalidate the theorem, but rather cast doubt
on the witness's alleged skepticism. Many claim to be skeptics
simply because they fail to acknowledge their own secret beliefs.

Thaumatologists have begun to study magic in primitive
societies. They seek to answer the question of whether magic has
declined in certain cultures, particularly "primitive" cultures
which operate within a non-scientific world-view. The magic of
the Kahunas, of Santeria, and the shamans of the numerous
tribal societies are currently objects of serious investigation.
Many of these cultures believe magic to be the operations of
spirits, which shall be discussed elsewhere. In addition,
thaumatologists are investigating the practitioners of Wicca
and the alleged ritual magicians of today, seeking to determine
whether these are the heirs of the magical tradition.

The magic which we do possess has its merits, of course, as
it may sometimes prove useful in the course of difficult field
research. Even more important, however, is what this magic
represents, for it is the only existing evidence of something far
greater, which is now lost to us.

The "Wise Men" of lore — fakirs, holy men, magi, and
others —all probably were practicing magicians. Some may still
exist hidden away on remote mountain tops, but for now they
remain undiscovered.

Lesson 4: Miracles

Closely related to the study of magic is the study of miracles.
The question, of course, frequently arises: what is the
difference between magic and miracles? Are they not both
characterized by the supernatural manipulation of the natural
world? Though each has been so described, there is, of course, a
primary difference between them. Miracles occur through the


time
fails.
rmed
these
loubt
ptic~
lief.
itive
chas
tures
vic of
sTOUS
tion.
ns of
tion,
Ticca
nine

ie, as
field
lagic
g far
and

‘still
they

nga ag

ayer

will of God, while magic operates by the will of man. According
to traditional hagiography, God cannot be compelled to work
miracles, thus such phenomena are never guaranteed to come
about when needed.

Magic, although it involves an alteration of the natural
system by supernatural means, is more akin to a science. It has
rules, restrictions, requirements, and a set formula and proce-
dure which must be followed in order for it to succeed. Of course,
it is the will of the magician that causes it, but unfortunately —
or fortunately, God bless our souls — magic does not simply
operate according to the Mage's whim.

Wherever there isnews ofa reported "miracle," the Arcanum
sends its scholars. These "miracles" are catalogued and, if
possible, verified. We are reluctant to believe that the hand of
God is behind every unexplained act; on the other hand, we are,
in some cases, willing to accept the possibility of divine inter-
vention.

Humankind is now past the Age of Miracles. While we are
constantly receiving reports of appearances of the Virgin or
other religious figures, these too often prove to be little more
than religious hysteria. Faith healing is often psychosomatic —
or fraudulent. :

It has been argued by some that the true power behind
miracles comes equally from the hand of God and the mind of
the believer. Simply put, disbelievers are unable to perform
miracles, even if they were inclined to do so.

Unfortunately, the general consensus is that miracles, like
magic, are a thing of the past.

Lesson5: Spirits

A number of cosmologies depict an intermediary world,
one between Heaven and Earth, which is filled with all manner
of creatures. This collection of beings falls under the general
designation of spirits. _- .

Spirits, as we refer to them, do not include the souls of the
dead; we differentiate here between spirit-workings and spiritu-
alism.

Traditional cosmologies depict spirits as basically neutral
entities; while some may be more malevolent than others, and
some may be regarded as beneficial, we prefer to avoid the
distinctions of "good" and "evil."

Arcanum Journeymen have traveled across the world in
their search for genuine shamanic experiences and spirit lore.
We have studied Candomblé in Brazil and Voodoo in Haiti; we
have visited countless medicine men and women of the Native
American tribes. More than a few of our members have actually
been apprenticed to shamans and priests of these cultures. What
begins as research often becomes a true vocation. Some sha-
mans' apprentices return to the Arcanum, bringing us their new
knowledge and abilities; but many ultimately leave the Arcanum,
as their Journey leads them down a new path.

While we mourn the loss of members in this fashion, we
honor the road they have chosen in their personal quest for
enlightenment.

Lesson6:Demons

We must first make a clear distinction between demonol-
ogy and demonolatry. Demonology is the study of demons and
demon-worship, while demonolatry is the worship of demons.

The Arcanum acknowledges the existence of demons and
devilish spirits. While we prefer to remain neutral, free of the
considerations of "good" or "evil," we still accept the traditional
classification of demons as destructive spirits. While not all
members of the Arcanum follow one of the Abrahamic tradi-
tions — Judaism, Christianity, and Islam — we feel that
"demons" are not solely a Western conception. Many Eastern
traditions speak at great length about the nature and existence
of demons, and while not all of them are considered evil per se,
they are still dangerous creatures.

Anumber of demonologists exist within the Arcanum, and
the Axis Mundi has a collection on demons and demonology
that we believe rivals the Library of the Society of Leopold in
Rome.

Demonology is a field fraught with difficulty, of course;
demonologists ultimately come into contact with those who
worship the Infernal, and such individuals can be... dangerous.
Likewise, demonologists have at times, in the course of their
research, come to the attention of those entities they study.

On the other hand, demon and devil worshippers present
themselves as fascinating case studies. They often engage in the
most extreme behavior only to draw attention to themselves,
and when given the opportunity, they will demonstrate their
supernaturally gifted prowess — particularly if it can be used to
terrorize or victimize someone. They typically possess a whole
range of unusual abilities, and many interesting investigations of
demon-cults have been recorded in our archives.

As far as engaging in demonolatry, I can only say this: it is
a dark and deadly path, and should be avoided. It is one of the
few activities for which the Arcanum will expel a member.

Lesson7:PsychicPhenomena

Psychic research isa relatively new field in the history of the

_ _ occult, "psychic phenomena" previously having been lumped

together with magic and miracles. It is only in the 19th century
that the field of "psychical studies" came about as an attempt to
scientifically quantify the paranatural abilities of humankind.
One of the earliest organizations to formally study psychic
phenomena, the Society for Psychical Research, was founded
just before the Arcanum in 1882, in London. A number of our
own early members received their training and introduction to
the subject matter in the SPR. :

Much of what falls into the current category of psychic
abilities, or psi (as parapsychologists prefer to call it) includes
behaviors and activities that might in earlier days have been
considered magic or witchcraft: psychokinesis (or PK), telepa-
thy, clairvoyance, and a whole range of other talents. As such,
the history of psi is difficult to gauge effectively, and is nota field
that has been given much attention.

The nature of psi, however, is of great interest to the
Arcanum. A number of Arcanists dedicate themselves to the
study and development of psi talents, and have established
programs for psi-testing.

Incidentally, more than a few Arcanists have been proven
to possess some measure of psi-talent. Our founder was the first
to consider actively recruiting members of the Arcanum based
simply upon their psychic talents. While we have heard rumors
— and seen some proof — of individuals who are powerful
psychics, the majority of our members have only minor talents,

Cuapten Two: Tae DaRKuNa Roan 35


skills which prove useful in field research. True psychics are

" almost always welcome within our ranks.

We have not been very successful, however, either in
attracting truly powerful psychics or in developing already
existing psi-talents.

Lesson8:Ghosts

Restless dead, avenging spirits, haunted houses and more:
the Arcanum has long had an interest in spiritualism and the
study of ghosts. From the beginning, Jonathan Kelvin, the first
American Chancellor, amassed a great deal of data on the
rumored hauntings and ghost-sightings he learned of in his
studies. :

Ghost lore is international, and hauntings are among the
easiest supernatural phenomena to investigate. Haunted houses
(and if 1 might add a linguistic note, the words "haunt" and
"house" come from the same Indo-European root word, tkei) do
not go anywhere, and it is a simple matter to set up operations
in them. Unfortunately, very few of the hauntings we have
investigated have proven to be true cases of the phenomena.

The study of hauntings is one part science, one part history.
Arcanists who engage in "ghost-hunting" often tinker with a
wide spectrum of electronic devices, designed for the purpose of
"recording" ghostly activity. Likewise, they must be skilled
researchers, able to compile current and historical data about
both the location allegedly haunted and any residents or occu-
pants of the site. The key to knowing who a ghost is, or was, is
often a vital element in the attempt to make contact.

Of course, ghost-hunting has its own share of dangers,
particularly when the haunting spirit is vengeful or capricious.

ein,

Nn
TT Am nT

ay iy
iy UIA i. fi

A "Up

Our investigators have been tricked, attacked, and on occasion,
even possessed.

Lesson9: The Undead

The discussion of the Undead often poses a problem for
Neophytes. While many individuals are willing to accept the
possibility that magic exists (or existed), that miracles are real,
and that spirits and demons are verifiable entities, the mere
suggestion of vampires is often too much of a stretch for the
imagination. | personally believe that this is because recognizing
the existence of vampires also involves coming to accept our
own precarious place in the world. Humans have long believed
themselves to be at the top of the food chain, and it can be
threatening to be displaced by creatures even more powerful.

Let me begin by saying this: the Arcanum knows for a fact
that vampires are real.

Our first expert on vampire lore was the Anglican clergy-
man, the Reverend Jebediah Brown. He is better known for his
treachery, but to his credit, I will add that he was the first to
contribute to our understanding of vampires.

Our files have countless records of vampire contacts and
sightings, and we have in our annals eyewitness testimonies of
the incredible supernatural abilities of the Undead. We also
have... acquired... some records of the activities of the Society
of Leopold, which keeps detailed reports on every witch-hunt in
whith it is engaged.

Our investigators have, on more than one occasion, ob-
served one of the Undead in action, and we have catalogued
many of their powers. The Undead almost always possess
tremendous strength, speed and endurance; many have also

: A, — ¢ oe
4, Al 7 aaa
tamu

/
fT aii |

Pr al
"HT ml!


1 for
‘the
real,
nere
‘the
zing
"our

2ved

ful.
fact

TRY-
r his
st to

oo a

Pits

SHIR oe

demonstrated individual abilities, ranging from shape-shifting
to telepathy.

The origins of vampirism are not known. It is believed that
vampires are at least as old as humanity, and some posit that
vampires may even predate the human race; other Arcanists
disagree, pointing out that most vampires can be proven to have
been humans at one point, and as such, cannot "predate"
humanity.

It is believed that vampirism is spread much like a virus or
plague —sharing the blood ofa vampire may lead tocontraction
of the infection. Some humans, for example, do not display the
full range of vampiric abilities; these are most likely individuals
who contracted only a lesser form of the disease, while other
individuals suffer the full condition of vampirism. Those who
contract a minor form of the disease, for example, are still mortal
and can be killed through a number of methods — not that we
have done so, mind you! — and can move about unhampered
by daylight. These "lesser vampires" are often perform services
for the true vampires.

We have also catalogued a number of ways in which
vampires can be destroyed, although their destruction is not our
mission. We know, for example, that sunlight and fire are
anathema to the Undead, and driving astake through a vampire's
heart will slay it as well. For reasons unknown, some vampires
seem immune to the powers of the cross and other holy symbols,
while others will flee in terror. It is possible that only those
vampires who were religious in their human incarnations will be
affected by sacred objects.

There is, of course, an inherent danger to this line of study.
We, as mortals, are basically an element of the vampiric food
chain; these creatures subsist on us. Furthermore, vampires are
a secretive group, and for good reason — they realize full well
that the mortal world would not condone the existence of such

predators. Arcanists who study the Undead world of vampirés~ ~

tread a path as dangerous as the demonologists.

For this reason, we know very little about vampire society
— it cannot easily be infiltrated. This is the greatest loss; for we
could learn so much of history from the Undead! We look
forward to the day when we can approach a vampire in peace
and study what he or she can teach us.

On the other hand, a movement is rising within the
Arcanum, initiated by members who believe that our scholarly
interest in vampires is immoral. The Undead, tothese Arcanists,
are the ultimate fulfillment of predatorial instinct combined
with human malevolence, and their very existence endangers
all of humanity. If we have catalogued their inhuman activities
— which we have, and they are many — and we allow vampires
to exist, then we are accomplices to genocide.

Lesson 10:The Undying

There are among us a group of immortals whom we know

_ very little about, though what we do know is quite fascinating.

For lack of better appellation, we simply call them The Undying
Ones, or the Undying.

Our knowledge of the Undying comes from two sources.
The first is Winthrop Murray, the Egyptologist who served as
Benjamen Holmscroft's secretary. A number of Murray's extant
writings refer to a collection of Egyptian immortals, who live in

a constant cycle of life-decay-rebirth: a very tangible form of
reincarnation. The second source is in fact one of these beings.

This individual — who refuses to give his original name, or
even a current pseudonym, but allows us to call him "Jacob" —
first visited the Foundation House in 1889. He met with
Winthrop Murray and Benjamen Holimscroft; although the
meeting was private, some notes have been released into the
records. Jacob insists that he was born approximately 100 years
before Christ; he, and others like him, were magically trans-
formed viaa mysterious ritual unknown to them —and now lost
entirely — into a state of immortality; their bodies constantly
live ina constant cycle of decay and renewal, and between each
phase, their spirits roam through the spirit world. He claims to
have been witness to many significant events, from the Cruci-
fixion to the crowning of Charlemagne. After he gave his
testimony, he bid Murray and Holmscroft farewell. Whether
they believed his tale, or whether his testimonies were consid-
ered those of a madman, is not known.

He returned again in 1899, appearing no older than before.
He met with the Executive Committee, and then Holmscroft
and Murray privately.

"Jacob" returned again in 1909, still looking just as youth-
ful. He conferred with anyone he had met before, and again with
the Executive Committee. Of course, by this time, some cre-
dence was lent to his allegations. He never again appeared
openly to the Arcanum, although some suspect that he main-
tained frequent correspondence with Winthrop Murray.

In these meetings, he reportedly discussed current events,
and sometimes he would draw them back to historical anteced-
ents. He rarely discussed elements of his society, and he avoided
discussion of other supernaturals. Holmscroft and Murray left
records of their private meetings with "Jacob," but we suspect
that they are incomplete.

The opportunity to discuss history with these Undying, of
which we hope to avail ourselves one day, would prove ex-
tremely valuable.

Lesson11: Werecreatures

Many are the creatures that change their skins; werewolves
are not the only shapeshifters known to the Arcanum.

The first Arcanum scholar to study lycanthropy lore, Roger
Corwin, was a psychiatrist — or an "alienist" as the profession
was known in his day —who felt that lycanthropy was purely a
psychiatric condition. At some point later in his career, how-
ever, he "changed tracks," and came to regard it as a very real
phenomenon. .

We have uncovered many records of lycanthropic activity
— eyewitness accounts, correspondence, and other documents
— but none are recent. It is possible that at some point in the
past, there were a multitude of lycanthropes. This would explain
the preponderance of late medieval folklore about the werewolf.
But now? There have been very few eyewitness accounts of
werewolves; the creatures are most likely dying off, the last of a
wild herd.

We have a few theories regarding lycanthropic origins and
behavior, based upon the scant few eyewitness accounts we do
have in our records.

Cuapten Two: Tae Danxuna Roan 37

ETAT MS Ree Re Be RS Be

a IGE TE nn RT a ge Eng PT. a OE me

ae


Although the origins of lycanthropy are a mystery, two
hypotheses predominate. The first is that werewolves and other
shape-shifters are actually another species entirely, one that is
neither human nor beast, but somewhere in between. As such,
they may in fact predate humankind, and thus have existed in
the shadows of human society since its beginnings.

Another hypotheses is that lycanthropy, like vampirism, is
contracted like a plague. The famous "werewolf's bite" theory is
common, but those who study the lore of lycanthropy do not
find it entirely satisfactory. Ifanything, the "werewolf bite" will
simply leave a corpse, and not an incipient lycanthrope, if one
believes the accounts of these creatures' ferocity.

Some scholars have actually proposed capturing a
lycanthrope for the purposes of experimentation. This has, thus
far, been denounced as inhumane and inhuman activity; al-
though the Arcanum does not have a formal statement on
vivisection, the Grand Chancellor has always come down hard
upon any rumblings of scientific experimentation on live vic-
tims:

As for other werecreatures, the lore of other cultures, from
traditional Japanese to native American to South Asian, men-
tions coyote folk, fox people, and cat-creatures. Some within
the Arcanum have begun to explore these areas as well. As with
werewolves, however, few can report having seen such a being
in its full glory.

Lesson 12:TheFay

Liam McPhee, one of our founders, and the first Chancellor
of the Dublin Chapter House, was the first Arcanist to delve
deeply into faerie lore. According to his contemporaries, Liam
was always an odd fellow, but his research in faerie lore was
impeccable.

Let me start with etymology: the homonyms "fey" and
"fay," although similar, are not interchangeable. "Fey," from
Middle English feye and Old English faege mean "fated to die,"
"marked by a foreboding of death," and from it, "marked by an
otherworldly air; visionary." "Fay," from the Middle English faie,
and the Old French fae, means "an elf or fairy," or "resembling
an elf."

The majority of what we know of the fay folk comes from
Celtic mythology and Irish and English folk tales. Many in the
British Isles still believe in the fay folk, but we have no evidence
for their existence. It is quite likely that if the fay people ever did
exist, it was in the distant past.

When Liam McPhee began his study of faerie lore, he was
very much a singularity in the Arcanum. Only a few other
scholars in the years following McPhee — whose disappearance
wasas dramatic and enigmatic as the rest of his life — have taken
the mantle that he lay down.

In the past decade, though, there has been a revival of the
study of faerie lore; the sudden interest in the fay folk must have
some significance in and of itself, but what? We cannot yet guess.

A number of our modem scholars also tie together similari-
ties between the Celtic tales of the fay and other cultural stories
of like-creatures. Only recently have we begun tosee the fay folk
as a more global phenomenon; although treated differently by
different cultures, there is still a common thread between all the
tales of otherworldly folk that coexisted with us, helping or
harming us according to their whims.

38 Haus oF THE AncaNum

Lesson13:O0therCreatures of Legend

The Arcanum takes rumors or reports of sightings of
legendary creatures very seriously; many an Arcanist has dedi-
cated his or her life to the pursuit of any one such mythical
creature. Whether these are ancient legends or modern urban
rumors — unicorns, the yeti (Tibetan for "demon of the snow"),
the Loch Ness monster, sea serpents, deformed radiation mon-
sters, what have you — the Arcanum has field researchers
scattered across the globe investigating.

These mythic beasts, like the werecreatures, are elusive in
the extreme; although field reports do indicate occasional
contact with bygone creatures, we still have little material proof
of their existence — a horn here, a hoof there, a collection of
photographs and videos that could just as easily be trickery —
but the eyewitness accounts of members throughout our history
indicate that some creatures of legend undoubtedly exist. Some,
Ihave heard, have forbidding aspects and dark purposes. Ours is
arisky quest, and many hunts for mythic beasts end in mysteri-
ous disappearances or incurable madness.

Lesson14:Mortals

Weare not the only mortals who seek to explore the world
of shadows, to delve into its many mysteries, and to solve its
riddles. Other groups exist as well, with the same purpose, but
sometimes with far different goals. Never quite allies, often
antagonists, these are groups with whom we share much in
common; perhaps this is the reason for our antagonism.

In addition to the many mortal societies which gather
themselves into cults, venerating whatever supernatural entity
has presented itself to them in exchange for a little secret

knowledge or inhuman power, there are other organized forces
which must be faced.

Les FréresdelaRose Croix

Our own origin is tied closely to the formation of the
Brothers of the Rose Cross, as this fraternity calls itself. Founded
in Morocco in 1893 by Etienne DuLac, the French occultist who
refused to participate in the founding of the Arcanum, it is a
highly secretive group of visionary mystics who care less for
scholarship and study than they do for the mystical experience.

DuLac was unwilling to cooperate as an equal with so many
others, so he formed an order that would be utterly subservient
to him. Some critics of the occult say that people turn to the
occult to fulfill some need for power and control; if this theory
is true, then it reached its fruition with DuLac and his followers.

Many of the Fréres' goals are the same as the Arcanum's:
both organizations seek enlightenment and wisdom. However,
where the Arcanum does so through discipline and self-deter-
mination, the Fréres are not above thievery and chicanery. The
Arcanum reserves its knowledge and findings until mankind is
ready, while the Fréres care little for anyone outside their secret
society. Some believe that the ultimate goal of the Fréres is to
locate Damcar and plunder its secrets for their own gain.

The Fréres is a small society, numbering less than 100
followers across the entire world; its headquarters are unknown,
but we suspect that the order is centered in Morocco, where the
Brotherhood first appeared. Its beliefs — or what little we truly
know of them — are a syncretic blend of Sufism and

Rosicrucianism. While the Rose Cross Brothers should be

a eee ee


orld
e its
but
ften
h in

ther

tity, —F

Cre
Tces

Sere

1 aE NEES PTE

Cages:

working together with the Arcanum, too often we are in
competition, and dangerously so.

The Society efLeepold

The Society of Leopold is the oldest organization in the
world dedicated to the study of the supernatural and the occult.
It presents itself as little more than a clearinghouse, a source for
research on occult lore, much like the Arcanum, but its goals are
far more ruthless.

The Society represents the modern-day heir to the Inqui-
sition of the 13th century, having adopted its goals and motives.
No longer concermed with heretics, it seeks the elimination of
all supernaturals from the face of the earth, believing them to be
creatures of the devil.

Inquisitors tend to be rather apocalyptic, and act as though
they are soldiers in a new crusade. This makes them very
dangerous. To date, they have not initiated any conflict with the
Arcanum, but they have little reason to suspect us of anything.
They are not aware of the fact that we encourage the study of
magic. Should they come to realize this, they will no doubt find
fault with us.

We have it on good authority that the Society has engaged
in many successful witch-hunts — or autos-da-fé, to use their
parlance — and that each of these is carefully documented.
While we mourn the meaningless violence they have commit-
ted in the name of a higher being, their data is probably very
revealing. A few of their records have come our way, and the
information in them is only a hint of the amount of material
secreted away in the Society's holdings.

The Society of Leopold represents perfectly the reasons
why the Arcanum does not wish to reveal our precious knowl-
edge until the world is ready: there are too many latent Inquisitors
— those who would merely take up the torch and SWOT instead

of the lamp of truth.

Bear in mind, as well, that the Society of Leopold isnot dhe
only group of witch-hunters in existence, nor are all witch-
hunters members of any organization. Of the latter, we hold
particular scorn for the Reverend Jebediah Brown, who used our
resources to further his own private, hidden crusade against the
supernatural.

The OrderofSt. Hermes

This little-known order began within the Church of the
Middle Ages, and consisted primarily of Benedictine monks
dedicated to keeping the knowledge of antiquity — particularly
alchemy — alive in a time of relative ignorance. With the
Reformation, the Order broke off from the Church. Composed
entirely of heterodox Christians who have elevated Hermes
Trismegistus to sainthood, the Order believes that Christ's
Apostles were all alchemists and that the Gospels (which the
Order numbers at six, not four) are alchemical manuals. Most
members are believed to be practicing alchemists.

The Order of St. Hermes maintained two monasteries,
both of which are alleged to have fabulous libraries, jewels of
learning in all of Christendom. Unfortunately, the library of one
of the monasteries, in northern Italy, burned to the ground ina
horrible accident in 1327. Although the Society of Leopold
maintains that the events that occurred had nothing to do with
them, and that the only Inquisitor present, Bernard Gui, was not
a member of their Society, some in the Arcanum still suspect

they had a hand in the disaster. The location of the second
monastery is a secret, but we suspect it to be in the Al Jabal ash
Sharqi mountains of Syria.

Journeymen have met with members of the Order on
occasion, but ideological differences often keep them from
working closely or for very long. Still, a glimpse at the library in
Syria would be worthwhile, if the occasion ever arises.

liypsies

What can be said about the Gypsies? Much.

What can be verified about them? Little.

Gypsies are an enigmatic, nomadic folk, and we believe
that they hold many secrets close to their heart. That which we
seek, they seem intuitively to know. However, they are notallies
in our quest for truth and understanding.

Do not be mistaken — they are not our opponents either.
They are more impartial observers, witnesses to us and our
activities, and— ifan oxymoron may be used —silentcommen-
tators.

We have long felt that there is much to be learned from the
Gypsies, but they refuse to teach us. What one Gypsy will tell an
investigator one day will be contradicted the next by another.
They enjoy misleading us and taunting us with what they know
and what we desire.

We have also courted them, hoping to encourage at least
one Gypsy to join us; this way, perhaps we can form bonds of
trust, and share our secrets.

Crucible Genetics Amalgamated

It might seem unusual that I refer to this company, a little-
known pharmaceutical manufacturing firm. However, I end my
discussion with CGA as a warning of what the unchecked quest
for knowledge can be like when combined with a personal
obsession.

Crucible Genetics Amalgamated does more than merely
produce aspirin-free pain relievers or try to create the perfect
garden fertilizer. CGA is the descendent of a biochemistry
company created by a religious zealot who has turned to science
to further his own goal: the ultimate annihilation of the super-
natural from the earth. Not content with the conventional lore
with which the Arcanum deals, he embraced modern science
instead. CGA routinely hunts supernaturals — or alleged
supernaturals — and exposes them to an array of scientific
experiments, including torture and vivisection. The founder of
CGA was none other than the Reverend Jebediah Brown, who
allegedly has also used the results of his experimentation to
further his own life span.

Much of our information comes from our own attempts to
infiltrate CGA. Many Arcanists died in these missions.

There is another warning which you should heed —CGA
seems closely tied to the Arcanum in ways we still cannot
fathom. It is possible that CGA has spies in our midst. More than
one of our investigations has ultimately been ruined — condi-
tions destroyed, research stolen, investigators harassed, etc. —
by CGA technicians.

This is the possible price of our Journey: assault, ridicule,
disappearance or worse. It is not an easy road we carve through
the forest of blindness. Still, for all its perils, the Journey, I feel,
is all the sweeter for the constant search for light.

Cuapten Two: Tae Daaxuna Roan 39

Wha


at Aaa EL eS Cie


soe h an 4. h so 4m

qr

a LI
EOS RES Bee LEO Re Be eT ee le

vi]

wot

a= 4p°

r
et =

»-
-

ao 4m-
cess ea

Ye uM

it

Chapter Three:
Through a Glass,
Darkly (Politics and

alk (Wo

a) es

Be er
[ye
ul

fle

a
ao

.

ony

ir;
se

Jesus said: Blessed is the lion which the man eats and the lion will

become man; and cursed is the man
become lion.

— The Cdapel of Thomas

From the journal of Jonathan Lewis, 10 December

1994

It has been two and a half months since my entry into
the Arcanum, and my mind is afire.

So much has transpired in these past weeks. Can it
really have been only ten weeks since I first met my fellow
Neophytes? | feel like I've known them forever, like they
have always been a part of my life; [ can scarcely remember
what my life was like before we were brought together. We
have been through so much: the weekly seminars at the
Chapter House, a road trip to Philadelphia — I still have to
transcribe the voice-diary recording I made of our weekend
in that allegedly haunted house. No, strike "allegedly" —
something was there; I am sure that I perceived a powerful
presence hovering somewhere just beyond the periphery of
my five senses.

And the camping trip, in which we huddled together in
the dark hills of the Blue Ridge Mountains, relying upon

whom the lion eats and the man will

Paul's know-how to build a fire and set up camp. I was so
angry when Geoffrey drove us into the mountains, and then
ordered us out of the car and took off, leaving us stranded
until the next morning. We knew we were going for a
"retreat," but we expected a log cabin, not a makeshift tent.

What were those howls we heard that night? Surely
they could not have been mere wolves.

But I can see now the purpose behind these activities:
they taught us our strengths and our individual capabilities.
Nahar, always the quiet, contemplative one, took charge in
the Philadelphia House, while Paul demonstrated both his
intelligence and common sense in the mountains. (I did not
know that he habitually traveled with two concealed fire-
arms, either, until that night.)

But now? We face initiation this month. What will it
be like?

Caapten Taree: Tanoven A Gass, DanKty 41

w

a


Politicking inthe Arcanum

FROM: Jonathan Lewis> <jlewis@gwis.circ.gwu.edu>

TO: Nahar Khan <khan@kahuna.fps.com>

RE: Politics in the Arcanum

It looks like your Parapsychology conference has kept
you in Richmond longer than you had expected. Since you
missed tonight's class, I'm forwarding to you a typescript of
my notes. If you have any questions, please call.

**kbegin text***

Geoffrey: Up until now, I have been speaking of the
Arcanum as a unified front. At this point in time, as your
group has forged a bond and you have proven some sense of
commitment to what the Arcanum represents, | feel that it
is time | taught you a little about the real inner workings of
the Arcanum.

You have already learned of the various divisions within
the Arcanum, such as Chapter Houses and Colleges. Unfor-
tunately, there are less formal — and frequently frowned
upon — divisions as well, which represent the various
ideologies with which Arcanists may ally themselves. A
partial list follows.

Seekers

The "Seekers" are Arcanists who emphasize the "per-
sonal enlightenment" aspect of their job. For them,
everything becomes a quest for the Holy Grail or the
Philosopher's Stone. However, they trivialize anything that

42

Haus oF Tae Ancanem

does not fall within the realm of what they consider to be
"the sacred." While their convictions are certainly noble,
and deserving of some respect, the Seekers are often viewed
as little more than religious madmen or wandering mystics,
with their own enigmatic agendas.

Templars

These Arcanists merely take the name of the venerable
Knighthood; to the best of my knowledge, they haven't the
audacity to claim any historical link to the Knights of the
Temple.

The Templars feel that the basic mission of the Arcanum
is sound, but the Syllabus is in error in one respect: the
telative "good" or "evil" of the supernatural is worthy of
consideration. If something is judged to be evil, then it
should be destroyed; otherwise we are ourselves evil for
allowing it to exist.

They do, of course, speak from a viewpoint that is not
entirely without merit. When good people allow evil to
continue, they argue, they become participants in that evil.
However, these self-professed Templars appoint themselves
as judges, and in truth are little better than the Inquisition.

The identity of the Templars is unknown: they communi-
cate through untraceable faxes, e-mail, and public postings,
daring the Arcanum to reform before reform is forced upon it.


N\A

a Nd

Progressivists

To quote one notable Progressivist: "The Arcanum is
full of crap. It is an antiquated neoVictorian/pseudo-occult/
secret-society, good old boys lounging in wing-chairs puffing
on cigars while reading some nice little Latin text and
pretending to be better than everyone else.

"We should do away with the Victorian dressings of this
little ‘gentleman's club,' and reform it in line with a progres-
sive 1990s institution. We have had enough of the secrets
and the decrees-from-on-high."

Unfortunately, the Progressivists do have some justifi-
cation for their radical beliefs. For example, while lodges and
Chapter Houses have some autonomy in their Investiga-
tions, every now and then, a fax or phone call will arrive
from the Executive Committee, insisting that a certain case
be dropped — usually based on the argument that the case
is "trivial" or an "extravagant waste of funds" or for some
other spurious reason. The Arcanum is not an open society,
and there are secrets buried within its vast corridors.

On the other hand, I am opposed to the radical destruc-
tion of the social order the progressivists threaten; I prefer to
see the corrections come from within, slowly and surely.
*** end text ***

An interesting anecdote to follow this:

At the end of class, I overheard William and Geoffrey
talking. William said "What about the White Monks? What

political faction are they?"

I've never seen Geoffrey look so angry; his hands started
to tremble and his face reddened. (You could almost see the
steam rising from his starched white collar.) "How did you
hear about *them*?" he said.

William looked surprised, and then pulled a folded'
piece of paper from his briefcase. "I received this in the
mail." Carefully unfolding the sheet, he revealed large hand-
scrawled writing on Arcanum stationary:

BEWARE THE WHITE MONKS

Geoffrey's eyes almost popped. "There. Are. No. White.
Monks." he said. "They are a myth, a rumor concocted by
those who see occult conspiracies everywhere and secret
masters behind everything. Forget you ever received that

propaganda."

Interesting, huh?

15 December 1994

I just spoke with Geoffrey. The news is incredible.

The Grand Chancellor has invited our class of Neo-
phytes to the Foundation House for our Initiation. The
Neophytes of other Chapters — I recall hearing mention of
Seattle and Chicago — will be present as well. It appears
that this year has seen a larger class of Neophytes than any
other in the past decade; over 30 new Arcanists will be
initiated.

Not only are Arcanum operatives arranging incredibly
cheap airfare, the Georgetown Chapter is paying for half of
it. I'm sure I can scrape up the difference, and we're leaving
just before Christmas, so those of us in school —either


HaLis oF THE ARCANUM

teaching or studying — can finish their academic require-
ments.

At least on the plane I can catch up on my Arcanum
readings, which I missed thanks to the academic senate I had
to attend...

Atlas ofthe Arcane

TO: Jonathan Lewis <jlewis@gwis.circ.gwu.edu>
FROM: Nahar Khan <khan@kahuna.fps.com>
RE: The "Atlas of the Arcane"

Jonboy:

Here's the transcript from the class you missed. It is
more or less what Geoffrey said, although I couldn't help but
add my own comments in brackets!

Traditional Geography

The Arcanum uses a somewhat arcane [and rather
archaic] geography, which considers the Holy Land to be the
center of the world: all lands and countries east of Jerusalem
are the Orient, and all nations west of Jerusalem are the
Occident.

This geography is frequently disputed by newer mem-
bers, who prefer more inclusive terminology, such as "Asian"
over-"Oriental," and would rather have a world-view which
is not so dependent upon the Holy Land. Furthermore, such
a division is nonsensical, splitting some territories apart into
"Oriental" and "Occidental" sectors. [speaking as an "Ori-
ental," I agree!]

However, the Executive Committee has remained firm
in its conviction that this geography, established with the
creation of the Arcanum, shall remain fixed.

The Holy Land

The Holy Land is a region that comprises parts of
Palestine and Israel, including Jerusalem. There are many
Arcanists who seriously question this religiocentric focus on
the part of the organization, which will refuse members on
the basis of their religious conviction; but for the time being,
it looks as though there will be little change.

The Holy Land's only Chapter House is in Jerusalem; it
was established within the Arcanum's first 15 years of
operation, and has attracted scholars whose primary interest
is in the mysteries of the Hebrew and the Christian scrip-
tures. [I'd say that this is just a little Judeo-Christocentric,
wouldn't you?]

The Occidental Houses

The Arcanum has spent the majority of its funds on and
given most of its attention to developing houses in the
Occidental world; of these, it has historically focused on
Europe and America, although the Order's spheres of inter-
est are expanding daily.

The British Isles

England is the spiritual and physical home of the
Arcanum. The Foundation House is located some 100 miles


It is
» but

ther
> the
ilem

the

em-
ian
rich
uch
into —

Ori

‘irm

the

> of
any
jon
on
ng,
4 it

of

‘est

‘ic,

north of London, in the Fens of Cambridgeshire. A separate
Chapter House in London, located in a large and elegant
Georgian Townhouse, controls the business end of the
Arcanum's workings. On those rare occasions when the
Executive Committee meets with non-Arcanists, they come
to this Chapter House, which is listed as the Arcanum's
business address.

There are other Houses in the British Isles, of course:
the Dublin Chapter has attracted a number of scholars
interested in the lore of the fay folk, and various colonies or
lodges have investigated the Arthurian tradition, along
with other aspects of Welsh and Celtic lore, ever hoping for
clues to such mythological treasures as Camelot, Excalibur,
and the tomb of Arthur — which one Arcanist claims, prior
to her disappearance, to have found. [And think of all the
ghosts wandering around, too...] The many mysteries of
Britain are waiting to be solved, from the lost Isle of Lyonesse
to the mysteries of Stonehenge and the secrets of the Druids.

The European Continent

The earliest expansion of the Arcanum was, across
Europe, with the founding of Chapter Houses in Berlin,
Vienna, Paris, Prague, and other important cities. Progress
across the continent has been slow, but sure, with the
establishment of Chapter Houses in Amsterdam, Barcelona,
Madrid, Stockholm and other prominent cities.

Rome, it turns out, has always had a Chapter House, but
a very secretive one: no roster can be found of its member-
ship, and on paper it simply does not appear to exist. But
various Arcanists claim to have met operatives for the Rome
House. The Rome Chapter must, of necessity, operate in
secrecy: the presence of the Society of Leopold, headquar-
tered there, is considered a threat by many in the Arcanum.
[That wouldn't be because they are a bunch-of religious
fanatics, now would it? Of course, the Arcanum doesn't have
much room to talk sometimes....]

Most of the European cities have their own mysteries
and occult traditions; For example, a number of occultists
and alchemists flocked to Prague during the 16th century,
attracted by the generous coffers of Emperor Rudolf II,
whose personal inclinations leaned toward the arcane. Some
still consider Prague to be a "metropolis of alchemy," albeit
now in a very secretive manner.

Many American Arcanists ultimately wish to be posted
to European Chapter Houses, as their research often draws
them to the Old World. European Arcanists live conve-
niently close to the heart of the subjects they research.

North America

The next big phase of expansion was in North America.
The oldest Chapter Houses on the continent are in Boston
and San Francisco; after the Second World War, a new spate
of North American Chapter Houses opened as well, includ-
ing a few Houses in previously ignored Canada.

North American Arcanists historically focused on
American occult history, particularly that of the colonial
years, or evidences of hauntings or psychic activity; the
Boston House, even after its rebuilding, was a strong center

for research in the New England area, which has a whole
history of its own. Those Arcanists who researched magic
and alchemy were ultimately drawn to Europe, where the
tecorded history of such activity is obviously much longer.

This continent is also becoming the focus of research on
Native American mythology and lore, as more Arcanists are
beginning to appreciate the wisdom of tribal peoples. The
New World has many secrets of its own which have yet to be
uncovered. The powers of the Hawaiian Kahunas, Zuni
fetishes, Kachina dolls, and other such objects of mystery are
all drawing the attention of curious Arcanists.

The Mexico City Chapter House is quite prominent,
coordinating research activities for all of Central America
and the Caribbean. It is particularly important for scholars
of Mesoamerican history, mythology, and folklore; the mys-
teries of the Aztecs and the Mayas are slowly being uncovered
and pieced together, and Arcanists have found some evi-
dence that the shamanic practices of the Maya peoples may
still exist to this day. The Mexico City Chapter House has
many lodges and colonies extending outward, looking into

the Santeria cults of Mexico as well as the Voodoo practices
of Haiti.

Occidental Africa

The Arcanum has been present in Egypt almost from
the time of the society's founding, when Winthrop Murray,
a prominent Arcanum Egyptologist, purchased a town-
home in Cairo. After his death, he willed his house to the
Arcanum, and they turned the property into a Chapter
House. That House was one of the few early Occidental
Chapters established outside the European-American hege-
mony, and it instantly attracted Arcanists studying ancient
Egyptian magic, Coptic rituals, and the mysteries of the
pyramids. Likewise, a small Chapter House in Alexandria
has been working to uncover the lost secrets of the famous
Alexandrian library.

Since the 1950s and 1960s however, Colonies or Chap-
ter Houses have been springing up across the continent,
reflecting the Arcanum's growing interest in sub-Saharan
Africa: targets that have been expanded recently include
Kinshasa (Zaire) and Lagos (Nigeria). Arcanists are no
longer looking for "lost Roman outposts" — not that they
may not still exist, according to some — but instead are
studying the native mysteries of the Continent, such as
Great Zimbabwe.

South America

The chief Chapter House in South America is in Lima,
Peru; this House sponsors countless expeditions to Macchu
Picchu. The lost sacred mysteries of the Incas have attracted
many an Arcanist since the House's establishment in the
1960s.

Due to its relative proximity, the Lima Chapter House
also coordinates research trips to Easter Island, where
Arcanists try to piece together the lost culture that placed
the enigmatic statues the Island is famous for.

Many would-be shamans seek to uncover the secrets of
the emerald forest, and the Arcanum's scholars are there as

Cuapten Tunes: Taroven a Giass, Daaxty 45

were

ECE TOSI Re Ee goer ate


well, studying among the Guarani and other native peoples
of South America.

The Oriental Houses

Houses in the Oriental sector have historically been
less wealthy and not quite as populous as their Occidental
counterparts. However, the current Grand Chancellor, her-
self an Orientalist, has worked to increase funding for and
attention to the Oriental Houses — much to the dismay of
the Occidentalists, and to the delight of the traditionally
neglected Orientalists. [Jon, I guess I'm probably an Oriental
Occidentalist :P ]

The Middle East Oriental Africa

This region has always been a thriving center of re-
search activity for the Arcanum. It is also, unfortunately, an
area of incredible political instability. The Baghdad, Riyadh,
and Tehran Chapter Houses have been undercover for quite
awhile, and have only minimal staffing. Mesopotamia is the
very cradle of civilization, and the secrets of the Ancients
are believed to be buried beneath these sands. Persian and
Arabic legends and folklore are rife with tales of sorcery and
the djin; the very term, Magus, is ultimately of Persian

—
= Mannever Halt |
fz What was it — | seine to thifil
ginerved me in the. contemplation: of the House of Usher2at wy

i mystery all insoluble; nor could I grapple with the sha flowy
‘Tancles that crowded upom me as-] pondered. ig

&
3 on

The manor on the Fens of Cambridgeshire which becay
«the Foundation House of the Arcanum was originally cal

— wat was ‘it ee

~  — Edgar. Allert Poe, "The Fall of the House of Usher" ty

-Vannever Hale Benjameh Holmsctoft-claimed thay it was | his"
"family estate": this turned dist to be a bit of are exe geration on,
"Holmscroft's part, or, if you' prefer, an outright lie. is ‘e

Research undertaken in the early: 1930s proved that Vannever, r'
-Hail was originally built in 1605 by SiThomas Scott, a teclusive™,

"aristocrat who was an avid oe ofhistory aad geography. He - 4

a bachelok compahion, An-
rted to have. tmaveledavidely and

-did not marry, living instead
drew Saint-George, who is

' been interested in the "historie and languages'o the. ancients,

the F Fen? of neritt™

Built on one of the few natural islands

Cambridgeshire, Vannever Hall was a secluded and roche

estate. ath
- The two associates disappeared i in 1612: offatrip to. the Holy
Land; Vannever Halt ‘afid all its properties were deeded 'to.a~
young gentleman of London, Bgyon Hartswicke, ie: |
quently togk up residénce in the estate. Little is. knowigabo
"Bryon Hatbswicke, who was reportedly .also a recluse. After a°\
Rect ‘of years in Vannever Hall; he closed up the aiianog. and"
ia

here -# until he took ill and died; his buria
mentioned. . we. of

veled across "the Orient" —sourcés did net. he exactly?

46

HALs OF THE ARCANUM

SS See ee aS oe see eee
e

a IN GSS to

ace, ig ae

I als

_ @

; There ret no later details on th Kistory of Vannever Hall
pa Benjamen Holmscroft's firs ecorded appearance, in 1879,
‘when he joined the Hermetic Ogder ofthe Rising Day. It effec.
ae 250 years. In "legal

"tively disappears from history.
documents, the manor is still ever Half#but. ‘this
o use the "more

mame is typically eochewedey Arcani
familiar "Foundation House." =
The Axis Mundi _ $
~ Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and
& weary, J yt
Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore...
— Edgar Allen Poe, "The Raven" ¢ ,
The Axis Mundi is the true heart of the Ascanants Fag

tion House. Covering a major portion of the second floor $f the
"manor, it rivals many college libraries: its collection numbers
over 75,000 volumes and 15,000 manuscripts. The library is not
contained in a single room, but is spread out over a dozen, a
sequence of irregularly shaped chambers, one after another, filled
- with books and volumes from floor to ceiling. The Axis Mundfis
-an eidolon of scholarship and learning. |
- The AxigMundi retains the traditional woode ard catalog
that most libraries have now replaced with cold olathe and glass
computer terminals. The collection is organized according to the
classification scheme created by‘Benjamen Holmscroft; it is by
this scheme that the library's original holdings were arranged

=, - (although the library itself was much smaller then, having been

renovated and expanded recently), and it was this scheme that
Holmscroft insisted be used for futuré acquisitions: "It speaks of
many truths, on many levels."

"It is here that most of the Arcanists could be found, deeply
involved in their varied studies — scribbling at any of the
‘enormous ornate worktables, orggclining in one of thénumerous
‘leather wing-chairs or coucheé*scattered about the library. The
collection includes volumes 6n the occult, the supernatural, and
‘ the paranormal, in addition to core reference works on history,
religion, philosophy, geography, science and linguistics. One
room of the library, adjoining the Librarian's office, is a climate-
controlled vault which houses the mahy tare books.'and
manuscripts in the Arcanum's collection. + LL
"Only Arcanists are fllowed access to the library. On some
special occasions books may be sent to othér Chapter Houses, but
never through regula# mail; they are carried via courier to their
destination, and returne@ in the same manner. The Library is
open 24 hours a day, with either the Librarian or any. of ‘his
assistants on staff. As with many special libraries, Arcanists are
instructed td leave any bags or similar belongings in the ante-
chamber before the library. Only pencils and noteboghs (or
laptop computers now) may be taken inside. :
" One ifn of the library is dedicated to preserving the many
old texts which the Arcanum has come to.own; while many of the
older printed books and hand-written manuscripts are actually
faring rather well, books from the early 19th century — withthe
f dvent of machine-made paper ;-— are becoming victims of the
"Blow fire": acidity and deterioration. The Arcanums preserva-
tionists work constantly to restore damaged volumes and preserve
those in danger, sometimes finding it necessary to scan the books
onto microfilm. The option of scanning onto laser‘disks is now
_ being considered as well. ; Wo ee ‘
ni,

NF . ~

a SS a,

"}. BY Se

A

5 ae

vee seer


is al
inge:

origin, after all. Arcanists still seek the alchemists and
astrologers that live in the Zagros Mountains, although they
rarely return satisfied.

Ethiopia, thought to be the possible home of Prester
John, as well as the source of legends of the Ark of the
Covenant and countless magical papyri, has also been a
favored site for research, though it, too, suffers great internal
instability.

Asia

Asia was somewhat a terra incognita for the Arcanum.
To be sure, various Arcanists from the society's founding
onward have had an interest in Oriental studies, but the
foundation as a whole neglected traditional Southeast and
Far East Asia. Since the 1960s, however, more scholars have
turned their eyes eastward, and full Chapter Houses have
been opened in Bombay, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore,
and other cities of note, where once there had only been
informal centers of study.

The Far East is rife with material that has yet to be fully
explored. Chinese alchemy is finally receiving the attention
of those who had previously only been interested only in
Classical western alchemy. The powers of Chinese gigong
masters, the mysteries of feng shui, or Chinese geomancy, the
secrets of Tibetan adepts, Japanese folklore, and the many
worlds of Asian philosophies and mythologies are finally
receiving the attention that many feel they deserve. The
snows of the Himalayas are said to conceal much.

Southeast Asia is likewise rich with mystery: the Indian
alchemists and fakirs, the secrets of the Vedas, Hindu ascet-
ics and holy men. The Arcanum does not study these not as
anthropologists or historians might, but rather views them
as real phenomenon, providing clues to great truths. The

teaching of magical incantations was never stigmatized in ©

India the way it was in the Christian west, and many see the
Indian occult tradition as the greatest and longest-lived
system on the earth. [I'll bet that there isn't a colony or even

a lodge in Bangladesh, huh?|
Australia

The Arcanum's presence in Australia is rather new,
with the establishment of Colonies and Chapter Houses in
each of the nation's territories or states. The Arcanum has
relatively little interest in Australia, however, except for
those few Arcanists who have begun to study the complex
cosmology of the Aborigine, particularly the mythology of
the Dreamtime.

***end text***

Well, Jon, there it is. Enjoy. There's a test next week, haha.

love,

nk

yur

Ce we

we =

a ad A

WT Ootat

see
= t= S5c

ee
pn tes


The Foundation House

24 December 1994, London

My God, it is incredible. I have returned home.

My first sight of the Foundation House will be burned
forever into my memory, like a searing brand on a fatted calf:
as we traveled along the uneven country road, we saw it in
the distance, turreted and spired, lit up like a beacon in the
fog-curled dusk, a refuge for travel-weary souls. As we
approached, its gray stone towers loomed over us, a comfort-
ing monolith in a penumbral sea of mist.

We have just arrived at the Foundation House of the
Arcanum. I have been to the Fenlands of Cambridgeshire, of
course, but I had never seen the Foundation House before.
And yet, I almost feel as if this were my birthplace, and that
I truly belong here.

Although we were all exhausted from the long trip —
D.C. to New York, then on to London, and then by private
car to the Fens — we readily agreed to a tour of the House.
Our tour, however cursory, was still incredible.

The size of the Foundation House cannot be exagger-
ated, and it cannot be emphasized enough: we were told that
the Foundation House has 100 rooms, and I believe it. Our
host escorted us through the major parts of the House,
pointing out details of various wings or rooms as necessary.

The first floor of the House contained offices, a chapel,
akitchen and pantry facilities, and two dining halls, as well
as a number of small, formal rooms and a larger common
room — the Great Hall — and servants' quarters and other
utilities which we did not, of course, see.

The second floor houses the Axis Mundi and the
Librarian's office, as well as private study rooms and meeting
chambers, and a computer center specifically designed for
researchers' use. In addition to its own Internet node, the
center has dial-in access to a number of online research
services, from OCLC to RLIN, as well as the great national
libraries of the world, from the National Library (of Britain)
to the Library of Congress. The House's many seminar and
conference rooms can also be found on this floor.

The third and fourth floors contain the-sleeping quar-
ters of resident Arcanists and guests. The hallways here
stretch onward for some distance, their gray interiors broken
only by the repetition of wooden doors that lead to the
private quarters. The rooms here are not simple bed-cham-
bers: some are entire suites, and are larger than many small
apartments.

There are also a number of "outbuildings": a small
facility with laboratories, a few garages, etc. I hope to walk
the Maze tomorrow.

I'll just bet this place is crawling with secret passages,
some of which probably haven't ever been found. Who
knows what these stone walls conceal? And of course there
are crypts and cellars, as well as the attic — which I heard
mentioned, but which was not on our tour. I must sound
paranoid.


Initiation

The Road goes ever on and on

Down from the door where it began.

Now far ahead the Road has gone,

And I must follow, if I can,

Pursuing it with eager feet,

Until it joins some larger way

Where many paths and errands meet.

And whither then? I cannot say.

— J.R.R. Tolkien, "The Road Goes Ever On"

I am, even now, sitting before a window, overlooking
the Hedge-Maze and gardens that occupy the back property
of the house: with the advent of winter, the gardens are now
brown and dead, but I can imagine how beautiful they look
in the spring. I feel as though I have stepped into another
world, another age. I am drawn to the Maze — I hope I can
walk it tomorrow. .

I just finished drinking a late herbal tea with my fellow
Neophytes in a fourth floor lounge, and I had a brief
opportunity to meet the Neophytes from other Chapters.
They seem like a nice group of people, and I look forward to
working with them in the future. One Neophyte told me he
had heard that Geoffrey was to be our Mystagogue in the
Initiation — the one who would initiate us into the secrets
of Arcanum.

The Initiation is tomorrow. I wonder what to expect. I
look forward to the day with a sense of drowsy anticipation,
as the heavy burden of our long travel finally begins to take
its toll. My chamber is cold and drafty; the fire in the hearth
does little to dispel the chill settling in my bones.

I am drawn to the Maze. I hope that I carr walk it

tomorrow.
* OK

I was walking the Maze, naked, my feet sluggishly
trudging through the white snowy blanket that covered the
ground. It was daylight, although the barren gray sky offered
no warmth or comfort. In the distance, I saw the Foundation
House, its towers rising through the mists. How did I come
to be here, in the Maze?

I continued through the Maze, turning right and turn-
ing left, ignoring some intersections as if | knew the path
before me, my feet frozen, my body shivering from the chill.
Finally the Maze broke, and | stood not behind Vannever
Hall, but at a precipice: behind me the maze was gone, and
there was only a wasteland.

Overlooking the precipice, | knew this to be a dream;
the ground shrank below the cliff-face, dark and far away.

Knowing that I could only go forward, that behind me lay
the wasteland, I stepped off the precipice, expecting perhaps
to find solid footing in the thin air.

I plummeted, and I screamed.

Then the Owl came, flying to me. Surely it will rescue
me, | thought.

Its talons and beak tore into my flesh, rending and
biting. My blood poured freely from my flayed skin. The pain
was overwhelming. Still my mangled form plummeted.

"What do you seek?" the Owl asked.

"The Answers!" I cried back.

"What do you seek?" the Owl repeated. Still I fell, the
ground no closer, but my fear growing. The Owl bit into my
mouth, tearing my tongue from me.

"What do you seek?" the Owl said, again.

"The questions," my tongueless form cried back.

And then I was the Owl, and I flew...

* Ok

When I awoke, I was naked, in a coffin. I could scarcely
move and could not see, but I knew that it was a coffin. I tried
to knock at the wooden covering, to claw at the sides, but I
could barely move in the tight space.

What had happened? Had our tea been drugged? What
time was it? Where was I?

The lid of the coffin was lifted off, and I stood in relative
darkness —I could see that I was ina large cavern, filled with
black-mantled men and women of the Arcanum. I was onan
isle of sorts, with the other Neophytes; we were all similarly
unclothed. The isle was surrounded by water, its languid
surface reflecting the many lit tapers held by the ritually
garbed Arcanists who stood on the opposite shore.

*~~ On our isle were two more Arcanists, opening the

coffins and freeing my brothers and sisters. When we all had
emerged, one figure stepped forth from the crowd across the
water.

"New Brothers and Sisters of the Arcanum, you have
died and been reborn. Now cleanse yourselves and join us."
It was Geoffrey, and he pointed to the waters before us.

Hesitant lest it be too deep, we all plunged into the
surface,. The water came up to mid-breast on me, and we
waded across, some of us helping those who were still too
dazed. We had probably been drugged.

Emerging from the cold waters, we were greeted by Jour-
neymen with warm Turkish towels todry us, and thick mantles
to garb us.

We are the Arcanum.

We hunt the Night.

We seek the lost knowledge, the hidden things, the

secret ways.

Cuapten Tuace: Tarovan a Gass, Danxiy 49

co = oe

Ld


'
,
'
1
‘
i
Y
~ S12
tS 6 »

REGES
a Ps
'
t
‘

Sexe ieee: g

| $SEP ERIKA 1 28
SEE
‘.° TOTSeR PRE a Ee

Book I The Journeyman's Guidebook

Chapter Four:
CharacterCreation

ea Carers = Ae eae wey
ee a et oh et

Cs ore mf Se eee
os ~o, os Hi de prt as A ot, =—

et Ceraeee

All has reached perfection, and becoming a true person is the greatest perfection
of all. It takes more to make one sage today than it did to make the seven of Greece.
And you need more resources to deal with a single person these days than with an

entire nation in times past.

— Balthasar Graci4n, The Art of Worldly Wisdom

The Ethiopian Highlands:

Her fingers bled, shoved into the tiny crevices that
furrowed through the rock surface; looking down briefly,
she estimated maybe a hundred-foot drop.

"You all right?" Keith called from above.

Looking up, Christine tried to see her partner; instead,
all she got was an eyeful of sunlight overhead, her associate's
form barely eclipsing the bright glare. Sweat rolled down
her face and into her eyes, the hot salty liquid momentarily

blinding her. "'M okay," she called back. "How much
further?"

"Just a little bit," he replied overhead. Same old answer.
"We're almost there."

"Join the Arcanum. See the world. Go rock-climbing.
All this for a long-lost church," she muttered to herself. It's
not like anyone forced her into it, she would be the first to
admit, and she was secretly excited at the prospects. But this
sort of stuff happened only in movies. At least her colleague
was better prepared for the task; without his skills, she'd still
be at the bottom, looking up.

This was going to be a very long day.

We are pilgrims on a journey,
We are trav'lers on the road;

We are here to help each other
Walk the mile and bear the load.
— Richard Gillard, "The Servant Song"

Arcanists are mortals, and should be created using
different guidelines than standard Mage characters; al-
though "mortal" themselves, the Awakening alters a mage's
life in countless ways. Roleplaying mortals is also discussed
in Ascension's Right Hand, Hunters Hunted and The
Inquisition, supplements for Vampire: the Masquerade.
Members of the Arcanum (and other mortal characters) are
created using the same general method as all Storyteller
game characters, but the point allocations are different, and
non-mages do not have access to the Spheres.

Storytellers and players should always consider the
following rules as guidelines. They are meant to be aids to
storytelling and character creation, not straitjackets. Char-
acter concept is always more important than mechanics.
While the rules should not be arbitrarily ignored or dis-
carded, don't let them interfere with solid character creation;
Storytellers should be willing to give some leeway for good
character concepts.

Cuapten Four: Cuaracten Garation 51

f
a
x
.
4

a Oe Oe Pe a Hw

ewe

7 ee

wou

ee eee ee

as


Character Creation Outline
Step One: Character Concept

¢ Choose Concept: What did you do before joining the
Arcanum?

* Choose Motivation: Why did you join the Arcanum?

Step Two: Select Attributes

° Prioritize your three categories: Primary 6, Secondary 4,
Tertiary 3

* Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina & Dexterity

* Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipulation & Ap-
pearance

* Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelligence & Wits

Step Three: Select Abilities

¢ Prioritize your three categories: Primary 11, Secondary 7,
Tertiary 4

* Choose Talents: What you can do naturally

* Choose Skills: What you are trained to do

¢ Choose Knowledges: What you have studied

Step Four: Select Advantages

© Choose Background Traits (5)

Step Five: Finishing Touches

© Record Base Willpower (3)

¢ Spend your 21 Freebie Points to purchase Merits & Flaws,

to improve Attributes, Abilities, Backgrounds or Willpower, or
to purchase Numina

© Figure out Personalia: Appearance, Home, etc.
gu PP

Creation

Step One: Character Concept

Character creation should always begin with a sound
concept. It does not have to be very detailed at first; details
develop with the creation process. It should, however, be
strong enough to carry the character through the rest of the
creation process. Concept is the kernel of your character.

Concept

Character concepts include your character's personal-
ity, Nature, and Demeanor, as discussed in Mage. Many
members of the Arcanum will be scholars, but not all of them
need be. The Arcanum does not recruit scholars and re-
searchers exclusively: anyone who has been touched by the
supernatural or the World of Darkness may join, from
college students to lawyers to social workers. Any of the
sample Concepts listed in Mage are suitable for Arcanum
characters.

Motivations
Why is your character a member of the Arcanum? What
is it that makes her seek out the mysteries of the unknown? The
Arcanum is, in many respects, a cloistered society, shut off from
the rest of the world; why does your character choose to belong
to such a closed society, and one with such arcane interests?

And don't forget — sometimes those interests can be very, very
dangerous.

,;
ie oye ee lens —iimealical

ear

Re


The Arcanum's roster is made of seekers and wanderers,
scholars and visionaries, scientists and mystics. What is it that
ultimately drives anyone to seek the unknown? A sense of
longing, perhaps, ora desire to understand? Each member of the
Arcanum will ultimately have his or her own answer, and you
should give some thought to this when creating a character.

Personality Archetypes

Arcanist characters choose Natures and Demeanors, ac-
cording to Mage. However, since their Avatars are rarely
Awakened, they do not choose Essences.

A number of Archetypes are appropriate for members of
the Arcanum: the more scholarly, investigative types might
choose Architect, Curmudgeon, Judge or Traditionalist. Those
with a more religious or mystical orientation might choose
Loner, Fanatic or Visionary. These are only suggestions —
scholars might be Bravos, religious mystics may be Jesters, etc.

Step Iwo: Choosing Attributes

Although both mages and Arcanists are mortal — more or
less — Arcanum characters start with fewer Attribute poin
than do Mage characters. "

Attributes are broken into three categories:

Physical Attributes (Strength, Dexterity, and Stamina)
are those which govern a character's muscle power, speed,
dexterity, and endurance.

Social Attributes (Charisma, Manipulation, and Appear-
ance) control a character's appearance and social skills.

Mental Attributes (Perception, Intelligence, and Wits)
represent a character's mental abilities, memory, perception,
and cognitive faculties.

Arcanists start with one free dot in each Attribute — the
minimal rating possible. The player then rates her character's
Attributes (into Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary); this rank-
ing determines point allocation. Your mortal starts with 6 dots
for Primary Attributes, 4 dots for Secondary Attributes, and 3
dots for Tertiary Attributes.

Arcanists are a varied lot. While most will, undoubtedly,
have Mental Attributes as their primary characteristics, other
Arcanum characters may have Physical Attributes, or even
Social Attributes as Primary. The Arcanum is careful to recruit
a mixed batch of individuals, and likes to have such variety
operating together in lodges; the palsied old scholar observing
werewolves in the forest may very well need the protection of
a burly young man.

Step Three: Choosing Abilities

Abilities must be prioritized according to Talents, Skills,
and Knowledges. Once again, though, initial point values are
different; Arcanists start with 11 dots for Primary Abilities, 7
dots for Secondary Abilities, and 4 dots for Tertiary abilities.

Common Abilities: Knowledges are often Primary Abili-
ties, but the Arcanum is diverse, and contains more than just
scholars. Common Abilities include Research, History, Theol-
ogy, Languages, various Sciences, and Cryptography, as well as
the new Knowledges introduced in the "New Traits" section.

Step Four: Advantages -

Mere mortals are the weaklings of the World of Darkness,
lacking access to Spheres, Disciplines, Gifts, or any such
intrinsically powerful abilities. However, Arcanists do have a
few benefits of their own, which may aid them in their quest for
knowledge, and protect them along the road to understanding.
These benefits are called Numina, and represent the manifes-
tation of a partially awakened Avatar. Numina is purchased
with "Freebie Points, " discussed elsewhere.

Backgrounds
Every mortal character gets five points to allocate across
the various Background Traits. Based upon your Chronicle,

some Backgrounds may be limited; your Storyteller will let you
know if this is the case.

Background Changes forthe Arcanum

Some Backgrounds listed in Mage are obviously irrelevant
to Arcanists; other Backgrounds require some explanation or
modification. Details can be found under "New Traits," later in
this chapter.

StepFive: Lastlouches

Inthe final stage of character creation, a player determines
his Arcanist's Willpower and Humanity ratings, and gets to
spend "Freebie Points" on Merits, Flaws and Numina (see
below).

Willpower
An Arcanist's base Willpower is three; it can be raised by
spending "Freebie Points," at two Points per Willpower dot.

"FreebiePoints"

.._. Mortal characters start with 21 "Freebie Points," which

can be used to purchase Merits & Flaws, or to raise Traits
(Attributes, Abilities, Backgrounds). Attributes cost five points
adot, Abilities cost two points a dot, and Backgrounds cost one
point per dot. These "Freebie Points" can also be used to
purchase Numina, as discussed elsewhere.

Merits & Flaws

Merits and Flaws were introduced in The Book of Shad-
ows; these Traits add further depth tocharacters, as well assome
unique abilities and limitations. Merits and Flaws are purchased
with (or their values added to) "Freebie Points." Merits and
Flaws are optional; a Storyteller may disallow them for what-
ever reason. She may also allow them, but severely limit those
which will be available in her game.

Many of the Traits listed in The Book of Shadows are
available to Arcanists as well; those designed for mage charac-
ters, suchas Blatancy or Chantry Politics, are obviousexceptions.
Certain Merits or Flaws may even be common for Arcanists,
such as Higher Purpose or Concentration.

Some new Merits and Flaws are offered under "New
Traits," later in this chapter.

"

Cuapten Foun: CHaracten CREATION 53


Personal Background

Finally, you must breathe some life into your character; if
you are working from a strong Concept, then this should be a
relatively easy task. You should consider your Arcanist's Ap-
pearance, Allies (Majorand Minor), Specialties, and important
Equipment.

Lodge
You should also give some consideration to your
character's lodge, the group of allied Arcanists who research
and investigate together. How long have you been working
together? Is this your first lodge? How do you feel about your
fellow Arcanists? What relationships, rivalries or romances
might be operating within the group?

Prelude
Mortal characters, including Arcanists, do undergo a
Prelude just as other characters in Storyteller games. This
will give you an opportunity to consider and reconsider

various facets of your Arcanist, and give youa feel for playing
your character. A good Storyteller will find ways to tie your
character's Background, Merits and Flaws, Lodge, and mo-
tivations together in her Prelude. The following questions
should be considered and answered by the end of your

_ character's Prelude. If, for some reason, your Storyteller does
not run your character through a Prelude, then do it yourself,
using these questions as a guideline.

© What was your life like before the Arcanum?

What was your daily existence like? What was your
occupation? What were your dreams? In short, you should
consider the character's life before becoming an Arcanist —
was she always a dreamer of lost lands and hidden temples?

¢ What was your first encounter with the Supernatu-
ral?

What was your first brush with the unseen world? Were
you visited by the ghost of a long-dead relative, or did you see
the fae folk dancing in the woods? Was this before you joined
the Arcanum, and was this a compelling reason for you to
join it? You should consider how the character first became
aware of a world long denied or hidden to the common folk.
It need not have been an unpleasant event; supernatural
occurrences may be as pleasant (if a bit unsettling) as they
are unpleasant.

¢ Were you a lone researcher before joining the
Arcanum?

Were you recruited early in your career? Did you find
them, or did they find you?

© How did you join them?

What drove you to seek to uncover the mysteries of the
world? This may have been the same event as your first
supernatural encounter, but it may also have be different.

© What are your attitudes toward the Arcanum?

Is it too traditional (meaning: old fashioned) or is it
right on course? Do you think it may be a little too secretive?
Do you think it should be more secretive? How do you feel
about the Arcanum in general?

HAs of THE AncaNom


if

a
p-
nt

ur

IT
2S

Character Journals

So rescue yourself from these general themes and write about
what your everyday life offers you; describe your sorrows and desires,
the thoughts that pass through your mind and your belief in some kind
of beauty — describe all these with heartfelt, silent, humble sincerity
and, when you express yourself, use the Things around you, the images
from your dreams, and the objects that you remember. If your
everyday life seems poor, don't blame it; blame yourself...

— Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet

Members of the Arcanum are ona threefold Journey: physi-
cal, spiritual and mental. It is not uncommon for them to keep a
diary or journal of their daily activities, which contributes to
their growth both as an Arcanist and as a person.

Players: you are encouraged to keep a journal of your Stories:
describe what happened, and what it means to your characters.
These don't need to have great literary merit, nor do they have
to be lengthy treatises. Put as much time into it as you can; it
should be a pleasurable, and not a burdensome, process. In the
long run, rereading the past adventures and reflections of your
character will make her Journey that much more real and mean-
ingful. ;

If players manage to keep a Journal of an entire story, then
generous Storytellers might be persuaded to award an additional

experience point for the time and effort.

¢ Where is your Chapter House, and how did you join
it?

Is the character part of a new Chapter House, or one
with a long-established history? How do you get along with
the others there?

© What was your Induction like?
Was your Mentor kind and generous, or did he treat

your relationship as formality at best? Did yau study for only- ~

a short amount of time, or were you forever deemed ineli-
gible to graduate?

© Are youa member of any factions or sects within the
Society?

Do you have any particular ideology that allies with
other factions, or are you a generalist, trying to stay as
mainstream as possible? Do you belong to any of the Col-
leges?

¢ Do you attempt to lead a normal life?

Do you pretend to live a normal life as part of the
mundane world? Is your involvement in the Arcanum kept
secret from your family? Some thought should be given to
whether the character has devoted the whole of her exist-
ence to the Arcanum, or whether her involvement is a
limited activity. The difficulties of attempting to live a
normal life separate from that of a full-fledged Arcanist are
obvious. Those who want to retain at least a semblance of
normalcy had best remain Associates.

© Whoare the people in your life, outside the Arcanum?

Who are your family, friends, lovers, etc.? What are
they like, and how do you relate with them today? How do
they view your career choice? Do they think you're insane?
Do they worry, or are they even aware of what you do? Did

your father introduce you to his "friends?" Was your grand-
mother "in the know" about the shadow world? Were you
intrigued by some attractive person who led you either to the
Arcanum or to an as-yet unexplained experience which
started you on your Journey? Every person we meet makes
some kind of contribution to our lives. Who influenced you,
and how?

New Traits

The following Traits are treated like other new Abili-
ties, Merits, Flaws and such from The Book of Shadows;
most Traits in that book may be chosen as well, if applicable.
Some of these listings modify existing Traits, to reflect the
difference between Arcanists and regular Mage characters.

Abilities
New Talent: Lucid Dreaming

You are the master of your own dreams and visions. At
lower levels, you have some control of dream recall and
initiation. At greater skill levels, you can attempt to gain
conscious awareness during any of your dreams with a
Perception + Lucid Dreaming roll (difficulty 9). Success
allows you to consciously control your own actions; you can
even try to manipulate your immediate dream surroundings
(difficulty 6+). This Talent can also be used while in trances
or while meditating: it allows you to enter the borderlands
between waking and dreaming, where reality and phantasm
intermingle. This is a useful tool in puzzling through riddles
which you're trying to solve, understanding visions, etc.

e Novice: You can try to remember with detail and

clarity a previous dream.

ee Practiced: You can try to bring upon a dream of your

own choosing.

eee Competent: You have limited control over your own

dreams.

eeee Expert: Your dreams are familiar territory to you, and

you frequent them for subconscious understanding,
and advice from your "inner self."

@ eee Master: You know the byways of the dreaming, which

sometimes seem more real than the waking world.

Possessed by: Shaman, Dream Researchers, Idiot Sa-
vants, Artists, Latent Psychics

Specialties: Dream control, waking from nightmares,
visionquesting, dream combat

New Knowledges

Arcanist characters do not have access to the Cosmol-
ogy Knowledge at character creation, and only a rare few
Arcanists will ever learn it. This reflects an important fact
which Arcanum players must keep in mind: no matter which
Storyteller games you are conversant with, your Arcanist
character will not know any "inside information" about the
World of Darkness! What she knows will be limited to the
Arcanum's teachings, her personal experiences, the Occult
Knowledge, and what the Storyteller tells her.

Cuapten Foun: Cuanacten Gacation 55

~

wer

+

ea OU Em


Instead of the Cosmology Knowledge, however, many
Arcanists learn Mythology Lore (below). Other types of
Lore (Kindred, Garou, etc.) are secrets tightly guarded by the
respective creatures; the Camarilla and Garou tribes have
very strict rules against revealing these facts to humans,
especially to members of the Arcanum! Arcanist characters
should not be allowed to purchase any of these Lores during
character creation, and may only learn them through expo-
sure to the truth (assuming they survive the experience!).

Lere: Arcanum

You know the history of the Arcanum, from its found-
ing tothe present day. You know about the group's leadership,
activities, history and beliefs. It is recommended that all
starting Arcanum characters have a minimum of one dot in
this Ability.

° Novice: You know the basic facts.

©e. College: You have learned a few unusual details of interest.

eee Masters: Youare well-versed in the history of the Arcanum

eeee Doctorate: You know as much as most learned Arcanists
eeeee Scholar: You think you know all there is to know about
the History of the Arcanum

Possessed by: Arcanists, Vampires
Specialties: History, Rites, Organization, Regulations

Lore: Mythology

Mythology is the study of hero and god stories of
particular societies. Myths, like legends and fairy tales, are
stories which give societies their sense of reality and mean-
ing. The concept of "myth" is relative; what is "myth" to one
society is truth to another.

° Student: You've read a myth here and there.

ee College: You understand the meaning of a few myths.

eee Masters: You are well-versed in many mythologies.

eeee Doctorate: You understand oft-unseen pattems.

@@eee Scholar: Joseph Campbell.

Possessed by: Anthropologists, Mystics, Storytellers

Specialties: Creation Myths, Cosmologies,
Eschatologies, Soteriologies, Navajo, Celtic, Persian

Lore: Supernatural

Much of what the Arcanum teaches is speculation, not
the "truth" as the various constituents of the World of
Darkness know it. Even those Arcanists who eventually

tk

ovyprAa OSs

jo a> et a Ya


of
re
1 -
1e

learn more about the supernatural do not necessarily share
their information: everyone has their secrets.

The collected tomes of the Axis Mundi are not brim-
ming with accurate truths. Nor are Arcanists immune to the
Garou-induced Delirium, vampiric Domination, magickal
manipulation, fae enchantment or ghostly possession; these
factors alone limit the scope of many Arcanists' insights.
Not that occasional madness or amnesia deters these seekers
of shadow; still, it does put a damper on their research.

Those players who want their characters to be well-
schooled in a number of related fields should start with
Occult or Occult Sciences and slowly build up their Super-
natural Lores through personal experience. This should be
hard, but not impossible, to accomplish.

Occult(Arcanum addendum)

Remember that the "occult" is a very inclusive field: the
Occult Knowledge need not necessarily be limited to vam-
Pires, ghosts, or other seemingly-malefic creatures. It merely
tepresents a secret tradition, knowledge that has been lost or
is unknown by modern humanity.

New Occult specializations include:

¢ Lost Civilizations (e.g., Atlantis, Mu)

© Relics (e.g., Excalibur, the Holy Grail)

¢ Numinous sites (e.g., Stonehenge, Delphi)

¢ Legendary creatures (e.g., the Yeti, Unicorns)

® Ancient texts (e.g., Tablets of Mu, Chronicles of
Enoch)

® Cults or Secret Societies (Rosicrucians, Templars,
Assassins)

OccultSciences

The sciences that fall under this rubric represent fields ~
of learning with regard to the western occult tradition,
particularly the "secret tradition." These disciplines are
believed to contain clues to the mysteries of the universe.
Knowledge of any of these sciences includes a history of the
field, and basic understanding of the symbolism, language,
lore and mysteries associated with it. Some sciences (e.g.,
alchemy) may be aimed toward producing specific, tangible
results; however, scientific knowledge remains in the realm
of the theoretical — the knowledge alone will not produce
said results, though it may prove a good starting point.

Anumber of disciplines fall within this category. Briefly
described, these include:

¢ Alchemy: the method of transmuting metals and
the human soul. The techniques of alchemy are described
more fully elsewhere in this book; it is also described as a
Knowledge Trait in the Players Guides for Mage and
Vampire.

e Astrology: the method of divining the influence of
the heavens on the earth, particularly human personalities.
Astrology Knowledge is described with more detail in the
Players Guide for Mage and Vampire.

© Gematria: the method of divining hidden mean-
ing from names and words, particularly by converting words
into a numerical equivalent. This science is often used in

conjunction with sacred texts, particularly the Bible and the
Quran.

¢ Numerology: the method of determining the es-
sence of an object or name by reducing it to its numerical
meaning; everything is a number, and this number is a key
to understanding it and its future.

e Sacred geometry: the method of divining secret
knowledge from the dimensions and shapes of both man-
made and natural structures, including the human form.
The builders of the pyramids and the gothic cathedrals are
said to have been masters of sacred geometry.

Occult sciences are often used in conjunction. For
example, a team of Arcanists examining a hidden chamber
beneath Chartres Cathedral may require knowledge of sa-
cred geometry (to analyze the chamber's layout), astrology
(to understand the astrological symbolism on the mosaic
ceiling), and alchemy (to perceive the alchemical symbol-
ism of the bas-relief on the surrounding walls).

© Novice: You understand very basic concepts.

@e College: You have had some instruction in the field.

#e@e Masters: You have a comprehensive grasp of the discipline.

* "of eh rte cinbantsbell claift coinsty
» ancient city of Damcar. The:book is cléarly in. atin'— a language yo

:

3 Se years between bighse school ae wn 48 So you'll just a ee gi a

reading, right?
er Wrong.
Most people whoseudyclaiial Langfengen wad themin venice

i cofind the

_, they typically learn one Variant ofit, and the text is ice and clean ina language" ng

— primer. Most people who study Greek learn Classical Greek, for example,

, may be very unfamiliar with the sudden multiplication of prefixes. oe
Byzantine Greek. hewn, most Latin studehts , study classical Latin, not ie!

"medieval vulgaté?

¥

Biithoanne" baueaanet . according tb, ‘Fegion and peri

i

Sie oe

df

Alphabets may be a litrle different; spellings may change, and grammar w

not always be consistent. Early Greek, for example, was written all in certat

a

ICHISDIFFICULPTOREADDONTYOUAGREE? :
Now, add to this the diffieulty of ng : old and saab ha and iyo

2

ay

letters, with no spaces betweén words and fie punctuation,
LOOKING:

‘ may find yourself in quite a quan: ‘

Storytellers may choose to apply the following difficury caonleds to

skill roll involving the reading of old iad or booksé Se
Modifier Situation . Sy A.
.+1 language variant isgfnknown (e.g., Byzanting.ys Classical) *
+1 language variageAbobscure (eg., 6th century r
"+1 uses variant forms 2 Producing | letters ee oS ee
+1-3 text is in disrepaif
-1__ for every dot of Paleography that'i is vend
The bagg modifier is 6, and should neyerbes made easier. These

ek in Syria)"

a

"modifiers are cumulative: a Latin text in adecaying codex writtenin p anrabsctire~
yariantof ] 12th century Latin would bring the difficulty from 6 to at Tease 9.Bven

* ifthe reseangher is a skilled enough paleograpKer and ca br ingithe: dis

Back downto 6, she should prepare for: a veryiong reading seisi } 8 a sk

"aS
: i

me. fae

Cuarten Foun: Cuaracten Creation 57

OS Eee Oe RS


CRE PE he

- seer eee

@eeeDoctorate: You know things that are not written.

@ ¢@ © eScholar: Youareamaster of things hidden and arcane lore.

Possessed by: Hermeticists, Scholars, Kabbalists, Ritual
Magicians

Categories: This Knowledge must be chosen separately
for each category of Knowledge: Alchemy, Astrology,
Gematria, Numerology, and Sacred Geometry.

Parapsychology

You are familiar with the scientific study of the
paranormal, from theory to application. You know the basic
methods, techniques and equipment used in parapsycho-
logical study. Unfortunately, your field tends to be viewed
with disdain in most academic communities.

® Novice: You understand the very basic concepts.

@e College: You have had some formal instruction in the field.

eee Masters: You have a comprehensive grasp of the discipline.

eeee Doctorate: You have accomplished much research and
contributed to the field.

eeeeeScholar: You are a recognized authority in the field.
Possessed by: Parapsychologists, New Agers, Amateur
Ghost Hunters

Specialties: Hauntings, psychic powers, ley lines
Paleography
The science of reading ancient manuscripts (primarily

Latin and Greek) and assigning an origin to them. Paleog-
raphy may also be used to determine if a manuscript is a

58 HAs oF Tae Ascanam

a A i ee

forgery. Note that this Knowledge does not give you the
ability to read Greek and Latin — you must purchase those
separately! With Paleography, however, you can try to read
texts in their original form, not cleaned up and presented in
easy textbook fashion.

¢ Novice: You can try to read a difficult document.

.°° College: You can identify basic elements of the manuscript.

eee Masters: You can guess the approximate century and region

of the manuscript's production.

eeee Doctorate: You can pinpoint when and where the manu

script was written.

eeeee Scholar: You know almost certainly everything there is

to know about the document, including production ma
terials and perhaps even who scribed it (assuming it isn't
already indicated).

Possessed by: Professors, Antiquarians

Specialties: Greek (Homeric, Classical or Byzantine),
Latin (Classical or Vulgate)

Note: Variants of Paleography which should be chosen
separately include Bibliography (the study of the printed
book), Diplomatics (the study of documents), Epigraphy
(the study of monumental engravings), and Sigillography
(the study of seals and sigils)

Sacred Scriptures

You have studied religious scriptures extensively; based
upon your particular inclination, you may have studied

ee erst at

the
tio'
eac

me

Op .s 3

"<


them in their historical context, or as direct divine revela-
tion. You will have to choose this Knowledge separately for
each broad Scriptural category.

° Novice: You quote freely, but not accurately.

ee ~~ College: People ask you questions you can answer.
Masters: You are not just well-read in the scriptures, but
about them as well.

eeee Doctorate: You possess a wide body of knowledge in the
sacred scriptures.

@¢ @@¢ Scholar: You have read meanings never before considered

or discovered. ME AL SUMAATASSETEIL ASE). il
Possessed by: Witch-Hunters, Scholars, Believers .
Categories: Islamic (Qur'an), Christian (Old Testa- om he. yy us ]
ment, Apocrypha, New Testament), Jewish (Torah), Hindu
| (Rig Veda, Upanishads, Bhaghavad-Gita), Zoroastrian (Zend
Avestas)
Backgrounds
Allies

Arcanists often live rather insular lives with little room
for friendships outside their fellowship. Arcanists do, how-
ever, meet many people in the course of their studies and
explorations, sometimes aiding them, sometimes asking
them for aid. These ties are often binding and long-lived.
Such Allies will almost always be mortals, though super-
natural Allies are possible.

= Allies do not just appear at your every beck and call, but

they will aid you as best they can; naturally, they will expect

he the same from you. It bears noting that the various super-

se natural societies know of the Arcanum and would be very

ad angry at any "cousin" who slipped secrets to some Arcanum
in dweeb. Garou have been known to kill such informers (and- ~

the Arcanists) when they discover such treachery. The
vengeance of Kindred whose secrets have been exposed

pt. could turn a hardened researcher's hair stark white.
on e One Ally, of moderate power.
ee — Two Allies, or one more powerful Ally. '
nu eee = Three Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater power. }
eeee Four Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater power. ¥
‘is @0eee Five Allies, or fewer Allies of correspondingly greater power. ,
ia a
vt Arcane i
It is rare for a mortal to have the Arcane background; :
unless they are partially Awakened — having one of the {
), three Numina — they cannot choose this background. x
Artifact
4 Artifacts are items which are strong in supernatural
¥ potency. This Background Trait allows you to begin play
y with an Artifact in your possession. Either it was a family
heirloom, ora Mentor in the Arcanum bequeathed it to you,
or you found it early in your career and the Arcanum has not
yet requested it. The Storyteller should create something
_ suitable for you; although you should feel free to make
| suggestions, the final decision is up to the Storyteller, who
q will also determine the item's value. Characters cannot

Cuapten Foun: Guanacten Caeation 59


create their own such relics. Truly mythic Artifacts, e.g.,
Roland's sword Durandal or the chalice of Kai Khusrau, are
the objects of great quests and cannot be purchased with this
Trait.

Sample Artifacts are included in Appendix Two: Arti-
facts, and the books Hunters Hunted and The Inquisition.
Storytellers are advised to be careful when allowing players
to purchase Artifacts; the Storyteller who distributes these
items too freely deserves every headache she will undoubt-
edly incur as a result.

° A minor Artifact (Mentat Stone)

ee = A useful Artifact (Shadow Cloak)

eee An Artifact of significant power (Faerie Ring)

eeee A much-sought Artifact mentioned in many legends
(Silver Chalice)

eeeee An Artifact of incredible power (Crusader's Sword)
Contacts

_ You know people from many different walks of life, and
they comprise a system of information and aid that could

~come in very handy some day. You may have met these

80 Haus of THE ARCANUM

people through the Arcanum, or they may have been col-
leagues before you joined the organization — fellow graduate
students, faculty, etc.

You can count on Contacts for accurate information.
Minor Contacts may be found in any reasonable location:
various universities, libraries or research centers across the
world. Major Contacts should be described as complete
characters. If you wish to get in touch with a Minor Contact,
roll your Contacts rating (difficulty 7); each success means
you have gotten in touch with a Minor Contact. They will
not just willingly offer information, however: you will need
to entice it out of them, or offer a trade.

° One Major Contact

ee =Two Major Contacts

eee Three Major Contacts

e@eee Four Major Contacts

@eeee Five Major Contacts

Library

Arcanists often devote their entire lives to research,
and build up tremendous libraries over the course of their


6h MRS = Te oS Ee ip NS mw Sein SS

careers; those who live near Chapter Houses with long-
established and well-developed libraries do even better.
Arcanists who have to research a particular fact in libraries
have their research efforts reduced by this Background.

° Difficulty reduced by 1

ee Difficulty reduced by 2
Difficulty reduced by 3
eeee Difficulty reduced by 4
eeeee Difficulty reduced by 5

Mentor

Your Mentor — your Elder Brother or Sister — is the
person who initiated you into the ways of the Arcanum. The
higher your Mentor's rating, the more influence she has
among other Arcanists, and the better your initial reputa-
tion. A low Mentor rating could equally mean a powerful
Mentor who is not often available to help you.

Resources
(from The Book of Shadows)

The Arcanum may provide housing and a small allow-
ance for its new members — typically no higher than a rating
of one dot. Anything more must come from a member's
family, another job, or some other source of income.

Status

Acharacter's reputation in the Arcanum depends upon
a number of factors: scholarly efforts (including publication
history), apparent intelligence, Chapter membership, lodge
history, etc. The higher an Arcanist's Status, the better she
is treated by other Arcanists; likewise, it enhances her
dealings with the leadership of the Arcanum when attempt-
ing to procure funds or justify the accidental destruction of

a company Car. =
° Known
oe Creditable
eee Respected
eceee Admired
e@eeee Revered
Merits and Flaws

The following new Merits and Flaws are available to
Arcanists and other mortals.

Isolated Upbringing:(2ptPsychological Flaw)

From your childhood, you were raised in the Arcanum;
your parents were both Arcanum scholars, and you practically
lived in a Chapter House, having little contact with the "real
world." Unfortunately, you have only limited understanding of
the mundane world, and whenever you are in a non-Arcanum
setting, you have a 1 die penalty to all social skills.

Iron Will (from the Players Guide): (4 ptMental Merit)

This Merit costs one extra point (for a total of four) for an
Arcanist's immunity to Dominate or Thaumaturgy.

Natural Leader: (1 ptAptitude Merit)

You are a natural born leader. While not everyone will
simply surrender authority to you, they will consent to "follow
your lead." Reduce the difficulty level of any situation directly
related to leadership by 3.

LightSleeper: (1 ptPhysical Merit)

You need less sleep than other mortals: you can function
quite well on four hours a night. If the Storyteller imposes
penalties on other mortals for sleep deprivation (one or twodice
penalties are suggested), then you are exempt. Needless to say,
this allows you to accomplish a lot more with your daily
activities, regardless of whether you are an Arcanist or a
freelance writer. -

Aging:(3ptPhysical Flaw)
You are not as spry as you used to be; any one Physical
Attribute score (your choice) must be lowered by one point.
This Flaw may be taken once per decade above forty years old.

Research Grant: (2 ptSocial Merit)

You are the recipient of a prestigious Research Grant from
some university or research center, which frees you from the
burden of a regular job. The Grant provides a minimal stipend
($1000 a month in most cases), as well as credentials which will
allow you into a number of exclusive libraries and research
centers across the world.

ArcaneHeritage:(2ptSocial Merit)

Your bloodline has been gifted in the eyes of the Arcanum.

You might have had a distant ancestor who was said to be the

village witch, or your grandmother was one of the fae, or

lycanthropy may be said to run in your blood. Whatever the

. -case may be, the Arcanum believes that your bloodline is gifted,

and that you may one day pose a danger as well ("The sins of the

Father," after all...). Even if your heritage has no other effect on

you, in terms of Merits and Flaws, Attributes, or otherwise, you
are well-received by other Arcanists.

Supernatural Merits and Haws

The following Merits and Flaws are particularly rare, even
in the Arcanum. Your character should not become a walking
compendium of Supernatural Merits and Flaws; for Arcanum
characters, however, the suggested limitation of one or two
Supernatural flaws is raised to three or four, at the Storyteller's
discretion. Regardless, the Storyteller has the right to deter-
mine the amount and potency of such Traits.

Supernatural Companion: (1-5ptMerit)

Youhavea friend who isa vampire, werewolf, fae, mummy,
or other such creature This does not mean that you are privy to
their secrets, however — only that you have somehow met and
befriended them. The Arcanum should probably remain in the
dark about this, and your companion's own associates may not
necessarily know or approve. Arranging communication or
meetings may be difficult. You may occasionally call upon your

. companion for assistance, but the opposite will be true as well
(see "Allies"). Although you can determine the basic nature of
the Companion, the Storyteller will create the character, and

Cuarren Four: Guaracten Creation ==»


@ will not reveal its full capabilities to you. The more powerful
the friend, the higher the cost of the Merit.

Innocent:(1 ptMerit)

Youare always thought of in the most positive light, unless
evidence exists to prove otherwise. If you do something wrong
and the act is not easily attributed to you, it will most likely be
blamed on someone else. This does not mean that you are "an
innocent" — it just means everyone thinks you are.

Burning Aura:(2ptMerit)

Your aura, no matter what color it takes, is unusually
brilliant to those who can see it; you are practically a beacon
among other mortals, burning with a mystical fire. Even those
who cannot see auras are immediately drawn to your presence.
Some supernaturals will find this a positive aspect; others,
particularly vampires, may likely be hostile to you. Many will
believe you to possess great power (regardless of whether you
truly do), and will be appropriately respectful of you.

Psychic Awareness: (3ptMerit)

You have an intuitive awareness of psychic activity. Even
if you yourself display no other talent, you can determine if any
psychic phenomena have recently been operating within a 10-
foot radius; this includes the vampiric Discipline, Auspex.
How much you determine about what is or was in use depends
upon the number of successes rolled on Perception + Occult

® a Se . alg
_~<° Oh, thrice blessed themer havin
"plated these Mysteries, have ¢ ed

Eihose only will there be a future life of happiness —t
pe

rs there will find nothing but suffering* *.
_. ~Sophocles _. . ae! r
'. Many Arcanists have developed some Numinow
abilities; in fact, the Arcanum sometimes seems to |
: oe its way to auireet members who = such

‘ , ae pea

While various J ourneytnen may conduct experi:
ments involving Numina, the Arcanum itself does not
offer formalized "training" in PsyéhicPhenomena or in
Hedge Magic. Mentors may befownd within the Arcanum
who might be willing to tedéfi a new student; tHe trick,
~ however, is not just getting someone to ‘agree ‘to teach
you, but finding someone who will admitto how:much
they actually know. Many Arcanists joinwith their own
agendas; while lgyal to the Arcantim;*they will not

willingly put all theigtards on the table. 9 >>

It is not known exactly how many practicing edge

9)
¥.

wey

—_.

=

_ wizards (who do not consider themselves as such, @ibvi-
ously), a chemists, or psychics there are within. the
, Arcanum. Alchemists are the most secretive lot, since

their very art is one couched in cryptic symbofism and |
hidden lore. , ON

4

e

{
3 62H oF Tae Ancanom

Es
5.

pr
x

7

—s ot —-


* O,yetilio believe! Vi e :
oke Alléh much,:that ye may
— Qur'an, viii. 45°

Myf

Faith is thé living, treath " '
tradition. Faith can inspire, it can motivate, it'can breathe: 7

life into the ailing soul. Of course, Faith in the hand§ of the =

_ 4narrow-minded can be dangerous; for these ing} idualafii

\ ‘seems to also compel judgmental and even destructiy,

~ behavior. Faith is a force which may either ordata,;
destroy. , . pes ae

Very few within the Arcanum will have a Faith score.

and even fewer will have a score above one. Although for:

~ many the Arcanum is almost religious in. nature, Tryé:

Faith requires a wholehearted commitment to a religioas,

characters, mortal or otherwise, will have a zere ating if.
Faith. Faith costs seven: "Freebie Points" per dot' for.
mortals at character creation... - Of
The Effects of Faith *., ‘

True Faith has a multitude, of effects at even the
lowest levels. At its minimum, }ff"can be added to a.

es
w

Rate

charactér is entirely out of Willpower point, she may call
upon her Faith: Faith pointggsin be substituted far Will- ,
power points. When her
entirely out of luck. be

Faith points lost in this manner are regained by acts
of religious devotion. If the use of Faith as Willpower.w: 8.5
successful, then lost Faith should returit-althost as asi :

Fant

points are glee she's'

Fy
&

failure, the character might seriously, quéetion her own **
beliefs. This has ijelt roleplaying possibilities. ‘ee: ‘

' The use of Faith®as a weapon, both offensive aud —
defensive, is parti ly valuable against supernatura
creatures. Its effects vary from the subtle to the splendid; _
in some cases it is predictable, but it is never mund! a
and never taken for granted." -. ,

Eadh dot of Faith may' be

used as ki dié of + Ly

a " countermagick. Likewise, a character with Faith may ‘a
ert: , Tepel a vampire by rolling her Faith against the vanipire 3
not re Willpower; each success indicates another step back w ich. a
rin ¢ the vampire must take. For a detailed treatment §f Faith, ">.
um ° including more specific uses against vampires ant other +8 =
ck, supernaturals, see Chapter Five of The Inquis and"
ich . Book One of The Book of Shadows... «©. 5

woh SF wf

bs (difficulty 8). A single success might inform you that some

bat talent had been used nearby, while five or more would give you

an impression of along-departed psychic, including herstrength,
mood, and intent at the time.

Soothing Voice: (3 ptMerit)
Your voice is calm and soothing, almost entrancing. You

may add two dice to all rolls that directly include use of your
voice — singing, preaching, leadership, etc.

This [gait runs‘on a scale from one té-4 n; most a

charactér's Willpower rolls. In times of gteat need, ita. 8]

.

as lost Willpower. If tye use of Faith as Willpower wag

"use "Freebie Points" to p

Precognition:(4ptMerit)
You occasionally have glimpses of the future. Although

; these visions ordinarily come unbidden, you can, on occasion,
j attempt to see things on your own initiative. The Storyteller
_ will usually let you know when you have such a vision —
essentially it isa good technique for Storytelling. You can try to

seek out such knowledge by rolling Perception + Meditation

_ (difficulty 8), ata cost of one Willpower point; in this case, the
. clarity of the vision depends upon the number of successes. A

botch indicates a misleading vision or interpretation of future

‘. events. Either way, visions are not necessarily guarantees of
‘¥: future events or actions, but just reflect probable outcomes.
. Divinatory aids, e.g. Tarot cards, scrying pools, etc., lower the

difficulty to 7, but take a full half-hour at least.

ClearSighted: (5 ptMerit)
You can see through all levels of Kindred Obfuscate,

Perception + Alertness roll against the opposing power's level

— Chimerstry, and other related Disciplines or Gifts, with a
4 Supernatural Enemy: (1-5 ptFlaw)

Due to an incident in your past, you have an enemy who
is a vampire, werewolf, or other such devilish creature. It will
not be a constant threat, but it will appear to bedevil you and
your companions. The more powerful the enemy, or the more
frequent his appearance, the more powerful the Flaw. You must
determine who your enemy is (although the Storyteller will
create him), and how you became enemies; this can easily be
worked into your character's Prelude.

Offensive to Animals:(1 ptHaw)
For some reason, animals cringe from your touch, and are

~ ,.uneasy in your presence. Perhaps you have been touched by

something in the course of your arcane research, or perhaps they

.@ just dislike your smell. For whatever reason, animals are jittery
* around you. You havea twodie penalty in any actions involving

animals.
Numina

Ifyour Storyteller permits it, your mortal Arcanist may also
a variety of supernatural
abilities open tohumans; these Special Advantages are grouped
together under the loose category of "Numina." Although rare,
they are not unheard of in the Arcanum's ranks.

Numina are broken into three broad affinities:

¢ Hedge Magic: A static form of magic without the

"flexibility or power of True Magick. Hedge Magic is broken into

various Paths, each of which nts a different focus; one
such Path includes Alchemy, which is discussed in this book's
Appendix.

¢ Psychic Phenomena: These are the various abilities of
the trained and focused mind, from Telepathy to Telekinesis.
A number of Arcanists have at least some psychic talent.

¢ Faith: With Faith, a believer can move mountains: it is
the full manifestation of Heaven, working through the hands
and soul of the faithful. Some Arcanists possess True Faith, but
it is rarely developed to any degree.

The three Numina Affinities are treated more fully in
Hunters Hunted and Ascension's Right Hand.

Gaarren Four: Gaanactea Gaeation 63



fl

— as ¥.

3s 4e-

a

-
1

ee

co 4p

Chapter Five:
Trav lers on the Road

"Perhaps I know more about these pursuers than
you do. You fear them, but you do not fear them
enough, yet. Tomorrow you will have to escape, if
youcan. Strider can take you by paths that are seldom
trodden. Will you have him?

—J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

The common image of the Arcanum — among those who
know of it — is a company of befuddled reclusive old scholars.
While there is some element of truth to this stereotype, it is hardly
representational of the entire membership of the Arcanum.

The foundation was begun by proper Victorian gentlemen,
it is true, and it does cater to a scholarly attitude. However, it
serves the needs of many people and draws upon a wide variety
of talents to fulfill its missions. Some people approach the
Arcanum for membership; others are approached themselves.

Some members are "mere" scholars, while others possess unusual
abilities.

The following chapter presents seven templates for Storytell-
ers and players to use, either as beginning characters or for
"inspirational" purposes — to give an idea of the types of people
who might join the fellowship. The character statistics can be
modified as the Storyteller sees fit.

Following the Templates are descriptions of five notables
within the Arcanum, individuals of current importance who
might play some part in a Storyteller's chronicle.

Cuapren Five : Taav'Lens On THE Roap 65

Pie We eet SS SS a5,

ae ee Se ee


The Aspirant

On my first pilgrimage I saw only the temple; the second time, I saw both the
temple and the Lord of the temple; and the third time I saw the Lord alone.
— Bayaztd al-Bistami, Tadhkirat al-Awliya
Quote: I seek the hidden places; the sacred is everywhere, but
concealed behind the veil of mundanity, which I strive to pierce.
Prelude: Since your childhood, you have felt a sense of longing, a
desire for something other. At first, this desire was for things common
and trivial: new fiend a new school, new playthings. As you grew,

perfect job; there was leave something missing from what you had.

You matured, though, and you began to learn that what you
desired was wholly Other, something you could not possibly find in
the material world: you sought the kiss of the Sacred, the touch
of the Divine. Your search began while in college, as you took
courses in mythology, religion and philosophy.

When you graduated, you prepared to shock your parents
with your announcement that you were forswearing graduate
school in favor of traveling the world. You were prepared to
be thrown out and disinherited; abandoning material goods
was the first step, after all. Instead, your parents just shrugged
— they were, by now, used to such eccentric behavior from you,
and they had decided there was nothing to be done about it.

You traveled across Europe, North Africa, and Asia, trying to find
fragments of the divine seeded in the mythologies of the world. You sought
the mythic sites and secret places, in the process becoming aware of the
Arcanum. When you asked to join, you were eagerly accepted: you had much
to offer them. Your Elder Sister has been an incredible mentor, and has had
much to offer you as well.

Concept: You seek the sacred, which is hidden everywhere but is hard to
find. To be honest, you're not quite sure what you're seeking, but you'll know
it when you find it. Until then, you will travel the world, exploring and
learning the meaning of life. It always seems to lie just over the next hill...

Roleplaying Tips: You are intellectually restless, never content to stay on
one topic too long. You like to quote from obscure mystics and make references
to lesser-known mythologies, like the Shahnamah, the Persian Epic of Kings.

The Arcanum: There is much hidden within the Arcanum, and you
appreciate that. You will learn its secrets too, one day.

Equipment: Notepad, a battered copy of the Tao Te Ching, somewhat
ragged clothes, Birkenstocks.

6B Haus oF THE ARCANUM onD


ap
IS

Name: " Nature: Visionary Motivation:
Player: Demeanor: Deviant Chapter:
Chronicle Concept: Aspirant Lodge:
reer 9 Attributes a a
Physical Social Mental
Strength__@@000 = Charisma @@0e00 Perception secrets _ee5e0ooe Ff
aq =séDextterity__.....eeeoo Manipulation @0000 intelligence @e@000 |
4 Stamina_____ ~~ @@000 = Appearance @e000 Wits @e000
i Talents Skills Knowledge
4 Alertness e00oo isODrive 00000 Computer. 00000
Ht Athletics _—=—s— go000_—Ss Ettiquette___== = ===00000 Cosmology_____00000
Awareness eeceoco i § fFirearms____—s———C 0000 Culture___——s ss SC OOOO
Brawl. eececo _—ileadership.  =—00000 - = 3=— Enigmas__ SS 00000
Dodge 00000 = —Meditationtaichi___e@ee00 _Investigation @ee00
Expression @e0000_ —CiMelee @ee000 ses Law 00000 t
: Intuition eeceo Research @e000 Linguistics (s¢¢ below) @@000
‘| ‘Intimidation. === 00000 Stealth @0000 Medicine 0.0000
‘Ti = Streetwise 00000 ~ 3s _ Survival__=~=~——  ©@000 ~3—Es_ Occult. @e000 |
Subterfuge 00000 | Technology. 00000 _ =e Science 00000
erred 6 Advantages a |
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
: Mythology @e000 Mentor @ee00 \
a 00000 Resources e0000 |
00000 Allies @e000
00000 00000
00000 90000
00000 00000
00000 00000
Languages: 00000 00000 ee J Heal t hh ames Late
-French 00000 00000 ‘
Bruised O
-Arabic
00000 Q0000 Hunt 40
Willpower —~=Ame Injured 9-2 U |
Savitia @©0@00000000 ae j
nabs OOOOOOOOOO Mauled 5 - \i
00000 ===" Combat move tlondenr ee ted O
00000 Damage Weapon Difficulty
00000 [ore3 | Staff 4 Experience ~——


Bibliothecary

What wild desires, what restless torments seize

The hapless man, who feels the book-disease.

— John Ferriar, "The Bibliomania"

Quote: You think this text is authentic? Ha! You obviously can't
tell a forgery when you see one. Look — this typeface wasn't designed
until four yeats after the alleged publication date!

Prelude: When you were a child, your parents bought the "Great
Books" series. Perhaps even better than the information they con-
tained was the way they looked to your infant eye: so pretty and
shiny, with matching covers and gilt-edged pages.

Your tastes have matured greatly since then, and your
convictions are now more refined. But your basic tenet — one
not often agreed with or appreciated by your colleagues — is that
the form a book takes, its artifactual nature is as important as the
material within it.

Your education was broad-based and liberal, concentrating
more on the role of books and literacy in culture and history than
on the content of specific texts. You wonder, for instance, how we
many people truly appreciate the impact of the printing press,
which allows for the widespread dissemination of thought and
ideology, on the Reformation.

After your undergraduate education, you studied bookbinding and
conservation, and became an expert in book analysis and the history of
book production from the beginning of the print era — your interests
do not lie as much with hand-written manuscripts. It was because of
your trade as a book analyst and conservator that you were ap-
proached by a local Chapter House of the Arcanum to verify the
authenticity of a particular text. This happened more and more
frequently, until finally you were intrigued enough to join the
Arcanum yourself. Since then, you have had occasion to see
books that are beyond your imagination....

Concept: Books mean more to you than people. You will jump
at the chance to see a new variant of a text, even if the text itself is ~~
rather mundane. Your academic training has taught you to think in
broad intellectual terms, while your technical training has taught you to
see things with a more careful eye than most.

Roleplaying Tips: Never play without a book in hand (a hardback
preferably), which you are constantly flipping through and examining.
Show real excitement only over books, not so much the ideas they contain
— which may be exciting in and of themselves, but will not be your first
interest.

The Arcanum: You're still not sure how you feel about it. Your
association with it has proven to be valuable, but its members are all so
— weird. ,

Equipment: Vernier calipers (for measuring thickness of a page),
magnifying glass, metric ruler, pH pen (for measuring paper acidity),
penknife.

68 Hatts oF THE ARcANUM


i. \I oe e

f |} é HLS. Sine eee
oF SANGO
: Name: Nature: Fanatic Motivation:
3 Player: Demeanor: Critic Chapter:
Chronicle Concept: Bibliothecary Lodge:
wygez Attributes i
Physical Social Mental \.
Strength_- = _@@000 Charisma @@000 _ =—Perception__—s—s§- ~=S§_—«S@ @e00
Dexterity__..= @@000 Manipulation @@@e00  intelligence__—s—s§-§ «© @°@0 |
Stamina_________@@000 Appearance @e000 Wits @e000
eye exe Abilities scemeesenere Lrmtieren V"
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness eee0o0 —iODrive @0000 Computer____ —®0000
Athletics e0000 Etiquette @0000 Cosmology__ 00000
Awareness ooooo0 sC Firearms @0000 Culture___—s—s« - ©@000
Brawl ooooo0 _—iLeadership_ === 00000 ~=—_ Enigmas_______@®0000
Dodge 00000 —=ss—s Meditation 00000 investigation eee00
Expression ee000- = Melee 00000 Law. 00000 I
Intuition __e0e000 Kesearch_______@@e@00 _Linguistics(see_bcloweee00
Intimidation ooooo — Stealth 00000 Medicine ss s§ 3S§ —OO0000
Streetwise 00000 3 Survival_____—— 900000 ~—E_— Occult @0000 |
Subterfuge 00000 _ «Technology. @@000 8 Science_______——- ©@ O00
renee 6g Advantages —— ee aaa
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 Resources @0000 (
00000 Library e0cee0
00000 00000
00000 00000 a
00000 Qo000
00000 00000 |
Languages: 00000 00000 |
-Latin 00000 00000 ==" Health mcswnLntm |
-French 00000 00000 .
Bruised O
-Greek
Gree 00000 _90000 Hurt 40
Willpower ——"s— Injured 9-2 |
, @ee0000000 Wounded 3 U j
Numina oon CHUOnooo0oo Mauled 4 O f
00000 ———— Combat =e ope oo 5 iy
00000 |, Lt Pistol | 6 Experience ———
00000


FeyPoet

He has gotten a coat of the elven cloth,
And a pair of shoes of velvet green,
And ‘til seven years were past and gone,

True Thomas on Earth was never seen.

— True Thomas, or Thomas of Erceldoune, Scottish-English border ballad
Quote: Can't you hear the music playing? In the distance?
Prelude: When you were a child, almost a teen, you went with your parents on a
country picnic. You recall laughing and running through the trees, and you remember
hearing your mother call out, "Be careful!"

And then nothing.
You appeared again across the country, seven years later, without identification
om and wearing only the barest scraps of clothing. You could remember nothing past that
as day, and yet you were a tall, handsome youth, without the slightest trace of

7 malnourishment or abuse. You were taken to a homeless shelter, where a social
a worker listened to your story, and with some appropriate disbelief, contacted your
wea parents.
When they came to the shelter, your parents — who had by now believed you
long dead — confirmed your identity, and joyfully took you home. They brought you
to counselors while detectives set about once again to determine where you had been.
Even hypnosis could not produce any recollections of those missing years, and the
detectives could no more trace your fate than they had before.

You didn't care. You were content to sit up at night, watch the starry sky, and write
poetry.

Your case, of course, made the newspapers. The Arcanum contacted your
family. They asked to continue the research abandoned by the detectives, and
your family agreed. Intrigued by these strange investigators, you asked to join
them. You have since amazed them with the bits of arcane knowledge or
intuition you casually toss off, and you delight in their reaction when you
do this.

Concept: Your attention span varies: you can stare for hours at a
rose, but will listen for only a few moments to someone's conversation.
mar You are curious about your past, but you feel strangely content, as
LZ though you will learn in due time what you had forgotten. Until then,

Z why worry?

| Roleplaying Tips: Make people think you're flighty — inane
® comments, short attention span, etc. You're not really flighty, of
w=s4 course, you just have a different way of dealing with things. You are
.i§ entranced by natural beauty and physical sensations. Every now and
A then, say something enigmatic. Act both young and old.

Xv x The Arcanum: Some if its members are nice, but they're not

WWA\ very much fun to be around. They don't like to just sit and enjoy
am things. They always have to analyze. Blech.

Equipment: Diary (with many poems), drawing pad, re-
( corder (the wind instrument, that is, not the mechanical
of device), dagger.

li


Nature: Loner

Motivation:

3 at Demeanor: Deviant Chapter:
Chronicle Concept: Fey Foet Lodge:
rr eesecey 9,8 Attributes a
Physical Social Mental
Strength @e000 = CharismaCompeling @e@@00 Perception @e0e00
Dexterity @@000 8 Manipulation____@0000 intelligence___®@000
Stamina @@000 Appearance_Elfin  @@@@00 Wits @e000
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness e@e000 sO rive 00000 = Computer___——_—o0000
Athletics e@e0e00 = Etiquette 00000 Cosmology______—_ 00000
Awareness eee0o Firearms 00000 Culture 00000
Brawl ee000 Leadership 00000 _ Enigmas @0000
Dodge ee000 = Es Meditation. @@000 investigation 00000
Expression foctry @eeeo Melee @e000 siLaw 00000
Intuition ee@e0o Research 00000 _ Linguistis_____-00000
Intimidation___.____00000 Stealth @@e0e00 =e‘ Medicine 00000
Streetwise 00000 Survival @e000 Occult. @0000
Subterfuge 00000 _ ‘—Technology__—==—-00000 Sdence. ss CCC 000
real 6a Advantages a
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
Mythology @@000 =_Mentor @0000
00000 Allies @ee000
00000 Status @0000
00000 Resources @e000
00000 Q0000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000 ————— Health =a
00000 00000 :
Bruised O
00000 90000 Hunt 430
Willpower 2 Injured 9-2 O
a @e©0@0000000 Wounded 3 1
DOOOOOOOOO Mauled 4 UO
00000 Crippled 5 O
00000 [Damage Weapon Difficulty
00000 STR+2 Dagger 4 Experience oie
00000
000 0 000000
OOOOOOOOOU

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


tr
vif

I have seen the Green Catholic Lion, and the Blood of the Lion, i.e., the Gold of the Sages,
with my own eyes, have touched it with my hands, tasted it with my tongue, smelt it with my nose.

— Heinrich Khunrath, Amphithearrum Aeternae Sapientiae
Quote: [enigmatic silence] we

Prelude: You've been fascinated with tales of the occult and the arcane since you
were a child. Your parents were a little frightened of this: at the very least, they feared
that you were just weird; at worst, they fell victim to paranoia and imagined you
sacrificing animals in your backyard.

It was never quite that bad: you did have a voracious imagination,

reading about the pyramids one day and alchemy the next. It also inspired
you to begin to study history and other languages, in order to supplement
your own pursuits. Unfortunately, your resources, limited to the public
library, were not terribly erudite. You decided that when you went to
college, you would attend a university that had a large library and was
located in an urban metropolis, so you had other libraries and bookstores
to explore as well.

When you were finally enrolled in college (a history major? groaned

your parents), you found a suitable vehicle for your interests. While in your
second semester, you discovered a previously unknown used book shop

tucked away on a narrow side street, and your life subsequently took a
dramatic turn.

You entered the shop, ignored the clerk, and strolled about, finally
locating the occult section. It held the usual claptrap, but you perused the
shelves nonetheless, hoping to find something interesting.

"What you seek is not here," said a voice behind you.

Turning, you saw a tall white-haired gentleman, draped in a thick black
winter coat, his hand on a sturdy cane. A kook, you decided.

"You seek the Philosopher's Stone," the man said again, this time stating
your name. "I am here to guide you."

The gentleman took you home; at first you feared — or hoped for — a
romantic tryst, but instead he showed you his library, which contained more
occult tomes than you had ever imagined to exist. He began tutoring you in
the Hermetic sciences, and encouraged you to remain in college even though
you were now ready to drop out. You learned many secrets from him.

One day he disappeared, his library left empty. You have no idea what
happened to him — all that was left was a note, in your name: "Seek the
Arcanum. Follow the Owl," with an address and phone number.

Although the Arcanum had no idea who your mentor was, it
welcomed you into its folds. You "follow the Owl" now, gladly,
although hoping to discover both your Mentor's whereabouts and the
& secrets you never learned.

Concept: You are young and inexperienced, but quite knowl-

edgeable. You are a tad bit arrogant, believing your areas of expertise

to be the Supreme Sciences, but this is only a product of your youth.
Still, you show wisdom beyond your years.

Roleplaying Tips: Say little, and only things of import; when you
do speak, people will listen.

The Arcanum: It is using you, you are convinced, but you are

using it too. Will you be able to get out before it is too late?

Equipment: Alchemical laboratory, your mentor's sword-cane,
black overcoat, occult library.


somite antes RI te te Ot
i. "Bae 7 i a Sines v1Tvry

Name: 70) "> Nature: Loner Motivation:
Player: Demeanor: Traditionalist | Chapter:
Chronicle Concept: Hermetic Scholar Lodge:
erry gan Attributes a a
Physical Social Mental
Strength_-__@@000 Charisma @0000_ =sPerception__—s—s§s 5§s «s ©@ C00
Dexterity__.-===@@@00 Manipulation @@000 intelligence e@ee00
Stamina________ @@000 Appearance @@000 Wits ee0e00
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness ooooo isCODrive 00000 Computer_____ 00000
Athletics e000o0§=_—sEtiquette___——=—=—— @0000 Cosmology_____§___00000
Awareness eeocoo i= Firearms ooooo Culture 00000
Brawl 00000 _Leadership__ ooooo Enigmas____—_— e000
Dodge 00000 _= =_— Meditation @0000 Investigation_____@®e000
Expression e0000  Melee_Fencing ececeoo Law 00000
Intuition eococoo§ —Research___— «e000 Linguistics_______eeeo0o
Intimidation. 00000 Stealth 00000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise 00000 | Survival 00000 Occult @ee00
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology __ 00000 Science 00000
ree 6g Advantages Sa
Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
Mythology @e000 Library @0000 \
0.5.: Alchemy e0000 Mentor ee000 |
0.5.: Astrology e0000 Status @0000
00000 Resources @0000
00000 90000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000  ——————~ Health nee
00000 00000 F
Bruised O
0000
0000 Qo0000 Hunt 40
Willpower »—<fse- Injured 9-2 U
anit @e@0@0000000 Wounded 3 0 My
— eee = FOOOOOOooOo Mauked 4 O |
chemy @e0000 O 5 | Al
00000 Damage Weapon Difficulty
00000 [eK.3 — [bword-cane| 6 Experience ———
00000
o000000000
NOOOOOOOOU
Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


id Psychic Investigator
a We live in the midst of invisible forces whose effects alone we perceive. We move among invisible
' forms whose actions we very often do not perceive at all, though we may be profoundly affected by them.
refi — Dion Fortune, Psychic Self-Defense

Quote: Yeah, it is fairly clear here: there are many spooks, and they're pretty

fi! pissed off at something. 7}
mM Prelude: The case was simple: you had the culprit in a corner, he had
dropped his gun and kicked it away just like you told him, and his hands
mf were raised. You were just waiting for back-up.

"ig And then a noise from behind...

4 ... and a fire in your head...

... and you awoke in the hospital four months later, emerg-
i ing from a coma.

3 Your culprit had an accomplice, who apparently struck -
you in the head with something heavy. You almost died. You Ga z
Z 4

mi knew this before the doctors mentioned it; you recalled
hovering over the emergency room, and seeing other sad- a
looking spirits also floating about. You almost found peace,
1 but then something drew you back to your body.
; Only now, things are very different. You can still, with
some effort, see the many types of spirits that move across the
world. Something awakened a new sense in you, but you
‘ don't like it; there are times when your new-found vision
asserts itself beyond your control, and the spirits appear more
" real than the "real world" does.

+i, You were kicked off the force — you never should've told

¥ your partner what you thought you could see — and your case

i. hit all the tabloids. "Ex-Cop sees the Dead! !!!" But that's how
He the Arcanum found you, and now you work for them. You :

iB find that your investigative and law-enforcement skills are
4 just as valuable in the Arcanum as they were in the police
bad force.

Concept: Tough-as-nails street cop, whonormally doesn't
buy occult malarkey. Your experiences have forced you to
: broaden your horizons, however. You lack some intellectual
refinement, the occult sciences hold no appeal for you, and your

"t "technical vocabulary" is pretty slack, but you're appreciated
@|! nonetheless.
( Roleplaying Tips: You're calm under fire, but still pretty
unsettled by your new abilities.

The Arcanum: It provides you a home, and it accepts you
for what you are. You are loyal to it for these reasons; if it has
a its secrets, that's fine. You don't have to know everything.

5 Equipment: Beretta Centurion 9 mm, trench coat, notepad.

' Note: Your use of Ephemera does not require any first-
4 level rituals, only a brief bit of concentration. However, it can
Fy overwhelm you, and you lose control of your ability at times. For those
‘ without Ascension's Right Hand, this Hedge Magic Path draws ghosts to
"a you and allows you to sense them (and sometimes bar their presence with simple

o folk rituals).

oe?
76 Hats oF THE ARCANUM Va


AN oe

4 } OP: i >. "yy Ton

2 Name: Nature: T vaditionalist Motivation:
9) Player: Demeanor: Survivor Chapter: :
Chronicle Concept: Psychic Detective Lodge: "il
i e . e
‘| Physical Social Mental \
ij Strength_-_____ee@eo000 Charisma @@000 Perception @e000
f, Dexterity______e@@000 Manipulation @0000 intelligence @e000 |
# Stamina__...._@@@00 Appearance @@e00 = Wits_Uncanny ececece0
erred festa Abilities eee semaine \'
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness ss @@000 _~OCOD rive. 00000 Computer_______ _.00000
Athletics ee000 =e Etiquette. @0000 Cosmology________.00000
Awareness @@000_.~=SC— Firearms_____— e@eoo Culture 00000
Brawl ecececo  _Leadership__ _§._ _@0000 Enigmas 00000
Dodge @6000~ = Meditation, 00000 Investigation_____ee@ee00 r
Expression 00000 —*Meiee 00000 Law @e000 t
Intuition ee00o0 Research 00000 Linguistics_______ 00000
4 Intimidation 00000 | Stealth @e000 Medicine 00000
f Streetwise ee00o 3 Survival______00000 Occult 00000
Subterfuge 00000 _ Technology____ 00000 Science 00000
ere 6 gs Advantages a a 4
Other Traits Backgrounds Merits & Flaws
: 00000 = Contacts @e000 (
| 00000 = =_Keécources @e000
00000 Allies @0000
\ 00000 00000 j
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000 ‘
\ Bruised Oo
00000 Q0000 Hurt 40
Willpower =... Injured 3 -
; eeee@0@00000 Wounded
——Numing———— | OOOO00o Mailed 4 0
uM 00000 renee', COMDAat sheer incapacitated Oo |
00000 Damage Weapon Difficulty
" 00000 }4 Pistol 7 Experience monte
00000
5 0000000000
® oOooOooOooOooo
ss aspons 6/4/53 Abilities: 11/7/4 bins eel Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)
wv = — = = < af
 S, K<_¥


Notable Persons

Curriculum Vitae: Jermyn Talbot

™ These larger-than-life Arcanists are known throughout Education:
the fellowship for their contributions and high-ranking posi- B.A., University of London, Linguistics (London, En-
tion. Investigators who wish to make a good impression should gland, 1942)
be familiar with these scholars' works, and may even make their Ph.D., Oxford University, Linguistics (Oxford, England,
acquaintance if circumstances permit. These are the prime 1948)
movers of the Arcanum and wield influence beyond their Academic Experience:
personal reach. Instructor (Latin), School of St. Anne-on-the-Hill (Ox-

JarmynTalbot ford, England), 1943-1949

Instructor (Greek), School of St. Anne-on-the-Hill (Ox-
ford, England), 1946-1949

Tutor (Persian), University of London, 1966-1968

Arcanum Experience:

This elderly gentleman is one of the world's preeminent
Indo-European linguists; his mastery of a dozen languages —
and fluency in adozen more— in addition to his skill in the field
of linguistics make him one of the most sought-after scholars in

the world. He can, with minimal thought, identify previously Journeyman, London Chapter House, 1949-1968
unknown correspondences between seemingly disparate lan- Chancellor, London Chapter House, 1958-1968
guages, and establish possible theories for the connection. Dean, College of Linguistics, 1956-1960, 1973-1985
However, since his Initiation into the Arcanum, fresh Publications:
after graduating with his doctorate, he has dedicated his ser- "The Primal Tongue and its Significance," Annual Pro-
vices almost exclusively to the foundation. On some rare ceedings of the Arcanum, Vol. XLIV (Winter, 1956)
occasions, he has assisted individuals outside the organization, "Beyond Proto-Indo-European," Annual Proceedings of
but this was usually at the request of the Grand Chancellor. the Arcanum, Vol. XLIV (Winter, 1956)
Dr. Talbot seeks to reconstruct "the primal tongue," the "Sanskrit Inscriptions in a Celtic Barrow: the Implica-

protolanguage now commonly labeled proto-Indo-European, tions, "Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum, Vol. XLIV (Winter,
seen to be the ancestor of a large number of European and Asian 1956)
languages. He believes that the true form of this language will

reveal some clues to the most sacred ancient mysteries; if
— language controls thought, as he argues, then reconstructing

the Ancients' linguistic paradigm is the first step to unraveling
the origins of the sacred mysteries.
It has always been his opinion that any scholar worth his

ff!
{
= merit — no matter what his field of inquiry — will know Greek
TT — and Latin. He unsuccessfully attempted in the 1970s to lobby
7 fora regulation requiring all Journeymen to know Latin. He has
~~ only recently come to accept the fact that fewer and fewer
i students study this language. Nonetheless, should youcall upon
y him, be prepared to face a conversation in Latin or Greek:
"They're no more dead than I am!"

Although originally attached to the London Chapter
House, he spent many years traveling through Europe and Asia.
He finally settled into the Foundation House for further study
and some teaching.

lynne Stanhope

Miss Stanhope had hoped that her career as a journalist
would be off to a fabulous start with a job at the Financial Times
or the London Times; instead, after months of fruitless job
hunting, she finally landed a position at the Daily Mirror, one
of England's more sordid tabloids (as if there could really be any
other type). Nonetheless, she diligently performed her duties,
reporting on every royal scandal and bizarre incident to which
she was assigned.

After three years of unsatisfying journalistic experience —
during which, on and off, she would attempt to begin writing
her magnum opus, the subject of which has yet to be resolved —
she was contacted by a gentleman who claimed to be possessed
by the spirit of his long-dead abusive father.  ~


HelgaSsrensen

Helga Sgrensen is a tribute to self-education. She never
sought further education after high school, instead marrying a
merchant in her hometown of Oslo, Norway. However, her
parents had raised her to appreciate the value of learning and
education, so even though she could not continue her formal
schooling, she still spent as much time reading as she could find
reading, in between her busy duties as wife, mother, and
homemanager.

Helga frequently visited her grandmother, who was wise in
the ways of many things; grandmother warned her to ever be
mindful of witches and ghosts, and taught her the lore of the
Otherworld. Helga believed everything her grandmother said,
for the old matron was neither insane nor a liar. The warnings
and precautions were not just anti-pagan superstition, either;
her grandmother had a bit of the "neopagan" about her (al-
though she would not have known the term, and would have
laughed at the silliness of the label), and spoke from much
wisdom.

Helga's children grew up and moved on to England and
America, and her husband died a fairly wealthy old man. The
business he began had prospered, and Helga was left with a
sizable inheritance with which to take care of herself. She
decided to attend the University of Oslo, and registered for a
course, but withdrew after the first session: there was nothing
there that she did not already know. She continued her private
readings, although she would often join discussion groups
sponsored by the University.

4

Although she could not condone journalistic investiga-
tion into something so patently absurd, she was nonetheless
curious enough to do some background investigation on the
history and beliefs of "possession," in the process, she came in
contact with various scholars who directed herto the Arcanum. _

The gentleman was later convicted of child abuse — still
claiming that his father was at fault — while Lynne became a
close associate of a number of Journeymen, actually assisting
them in some of their research endeavors. Within a year after
contacting the Arcanum (which now has psychiatrists and
parapsychologists working on the case of the unnamed con-
vict), she was offered the position of managing editor of the
Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum, a job she cherishes. She
works closely with the Editorial Board to maintain the journal's
high standards.

i as

tg
Ca Ss

as

Curriculum Vitae: lynne Stanhope
Education:

B.A., College of St. Paul and St. Mary, Journalism
(Cheltenham, England, 1988)

Arcanum Experience:
Journeyman, London Chapter House, 1990-current

Editor, Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum, 1991-cur-
rent

>. Publications:

[too many to list and mostly irrelevant dreck anyway,
omitted here for space purposes.]


Curriculum Vitae: Helga Serensen

Education:

Course work at the University of Oslo (Oslo, Nor-
way, 1990-1994)

Arcanum Experience:

Associate, Oslo Chapter House, 1991-92

Journeyman, Oslo Chapter House, 1992-current

Chancellor, Oslo Chapter House, 1994-current

Publications:

"Magic in Norwegian Folk Traditions," Annual Pro-
ceedings of the Arcanum, Vol. LXXXI)

"Witchcraft in the Kalevala and other Finnish Litera-
tures," Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum, Vol. LXXXII)

Sgrensen was approached one day by members of the
Arcanum, who wished to speak with her about her knowledge
of witchcraft. Entertaining her visitors over tea and cookies, she
also enlightened them with much of her lore. The visitors came
again the next week, and the weeks following. She joined the
Arcanum soon after —at 61, one of the oldest Neophytes in the
Arcanum's history. She advanced through the ranks quite
rapidly, and was eventually appointed the Chancellor of the
Oslo Chapter House. Helga is still contacted by Journeymen
who seek information on witches and witch cults, particularly
in the nations of Norway, Finland and Sweden.

Although she is still predominantly self-educated, Helga
has taken further classes at the university to increase her
linguistic skills and improve her scholarly writing. Although
she is not concerned with academic credentials, she does not
like her writings to seem amateurish in their tone or content.

Helga cherishes her background as a mother and wife, and
is always a splendid host to any Journeyman who visits the Oslo
Chapter House. Many Journeymen travel there seeking her
knowledge, but are often more in need of her mothering,
instead. She willingly provides both.

Aside from her habit of smoking cigars and her low-level
diabetes, she is in otherwise splendid health for her age. She
credits it to clean living and a now much-improved diet, as well
as visits from her grandson in America.

bd
SandeepD'Souza

One of the intellectual luminariesofthe Arcanum, D'Souza
currently holds the Chancellorship of the New Delhi Chapter
House. His intellectual career has taken him across the world,
and it will surprise no one if he is chosen to be the next Grand
Chancellor.

Sandeep was born in New Delhi; although his family was
unable to afford college, his grades in school were high enough
to earn him a scholarship to Harvard University. His studies
began in intellectual history, but slowly coalesced into the more
tightly defined field of occult history; his learning is compre-
hensive, encompassing the scope of linguistic, religious, and

80 Hats oF THE ARCANUM

historical studies. His many books and articles on occult theory
and history are part of the academic canon; it is through these
writings that he came to the Arcanum's attention.

Dr. D'Souza has observed that the syncretism of the occult
has borrowed much from Asian philosophy and mythology, but
hasnotcome toappreciate it on its own. While it is easy tospeak
in terms of "karma" or "chi," too often these ideas are appropri-
ated while the remainder of their respective traditions are
ignored.

D'Souza's current duties include a position as editor-in-
chief of the Encylopaedia of the Arcane, the 14-volume
compendium of the occult and supernatural, which is slowly
nearing completion. He has the highest standards for the
publication, and it promises to be a landmark in scholarly
publishing.

Curriculum Vitae: Sandeep D'Souza

Education:

B.A., Harvard University, History (Cambridge, Mass.,
1965)

M.A., University of Wisconsin, Asian Studies (Madi-
son, Wisc., 1969)

Ph.D., Columbia University, History (New York,
1975)

Academic Experience:

Instructor (Sanskrit), University of Wisconsin (Madi-
son, Wisc.), 1966-69

Assistant Professor (Asian History, Sanskrit), Co-
lumbia University (New York), 1975-1976

Associate Professor (Asian History, Sanskrit), Co-
lumbia University (New York), 1977-1979 ~


Professor (Asian History), Columbia University (New
York, Sanskrit), 1980-1984

Arcanum Experience:

Journeyman, New York Chapter House, 1983-1985

Journeyman, Calcutta Chapter House, 1985-1988

Journeyman, New Delhi Chapter House, 1989-current

Dean, College of Oriental Studies, 1985-1988

Chancellor, New Delhi Chapter House, 1992-current

Editor-in-Chief, Encyclopedia of the Arcane, 1988-cur-
rent

Publications (selections):

"Sanskrit Magic Invocations," Journal of Intellectual
History, 43:1 (January, 1967)

"Alchemy across the Himalayas: Chinese-Indian Trans-
missions," Bulletin of Asian Studies, 14:4 (December, 1968)

"Victorian Occult Syncretism and Oriental Sources,"
Journal of Victorian Studies, 28:3 (September, 1969)

"The Crime of Orientalism," Bulletin of Asian Studies,
15:2 (April, 1969) ,

"Pre-Islamic Persian Alchemy," The Orientalist, 35:4
(November, 1973)

"Alchemy in Asia: New Perspectives," Annual Proceed-
ings of the Arcanum, Vol. LXXVII

Rasayana Today: Alchemy in Modern Southeast Asia.
London, Arcanum Press: 1989.

Curriculum Vitae: The Rev. Montague Winters

Education:

B.A. Liberal Arts Program, St. John's College (An-
napolis, MD., 1979)

9 aie Religion, Princeton University (Princeton, N.]J.,

1982

M.A., History of Science, Harvard University (Cam-
bridge, Mass. 1984)

D.Div., Westminster Theological College (Boston,
Mass., 1989)

Academic Experience:

Instructor (Church History), Westminster Theologi-
cal College, 1985-86

Instructor (Theology), Westminster Theological Col-
lege, 1988-89

Arcanum Experience:

Associate, Boston Chapter House, 1992-93

Journeyman, Boston Chapter House, 1993-current

Dean, College of Hermetic Studies, 1993-current

Publications:

"Christ: the True Philosopher's Stone," in Episcopal
Studies, 29:3 (October 1991)

"The Order of St. Hermes and Post-Reformation
Esotericism," Annual Proceedings of the Arcanum, Vol. LXXXII

The Rev. Montague Winters is one of the preeminent
scholars of the Hermetic tradition. Although ordained an Epis-
copal priest, he is also an avidly-avowed practicing Hermeticist;
he feels that Christianity and Hermeticism are not irreconcil-
able, and it has long been his personal and professional quest to
prove this. The fact that his intellectual inspiration, the Domini-
can philosopher Giordano Bruno, was burned at the stake for
heresy in 1600 does not give him a persuasive advantage when
dealing with other churchmen.

Montague's interest in religion began early in his life;
although he long suspected that he was headed toward ordina-
tion, he still felt as though something was missing from his own
spirituality. He credits his initiation into the Hermetic tradition
to "a stranger in a park," who approached him by name and
"spoke to [his] soul." ;

Montague pursued religious education — biblical studies,
homiletics and theology, a course of studies befitting any up-and-
coming cleric—but always managed to maintain his own arcane
interests as well; he claims that he was a practicing alchemist by
the time of his ordination. More than once, he has been
reprimanded by the Episcopal Church for his more heterodox
views and pronouncements; his reprimands are what ultimately
brought him to the Arcanum's notice. However, he prefers to
"work" in complete privacy, and he has yet to take on a student
or apprentice, although many hopefuls have approached him.

Regardless, his expertise in the Hermetic tradition —
particularly how it intersects with esoteric religious studies — is,
without a doubt, unparalleled.

Cuapten Five : TRAV'LERS ON THE ROAD 81



Hertel ee

=
L
2

© Book Ill: The Mystagogue's Guidebook =

Chapter Six:
Behind the Veil

a_i elie ne a ely ow ee a 2 i wlio =
See ea =r SS ra =r JieOR aay =F

Yet mystery and manifestations
Arise from the same source.

This source is called darkness.
Darkness within darkness.

The gateway to all understanding.
— Lao-tzu, Tao Te Ching

Germany:

It had taken three hours to get this far, and that was three hours too long. Getting lost on that country road didn't help
any — the castle was not on any map they could find, and no one they asked, it seemed, was willing to help them.

Finally, they found a school-boy who would lead them for money. The tall, bright-eyed blond did not seem to share any
of the other villagers' fears or reluctance to discuss the ruins: until they'd met up with Josef, the travelers had been unable
to find anyone even willing to hear mention of the castle. — —

Phil, at the wheel of the Jeep, did not seem to mind having taken on the role of chauffeur for the trip, and handled the
rough terrain admirably. Lydia was silent, dragging contentedly on a cigarette in the back seat.

Terrance's dissatisfaction with this course of the trip was made evident by the stream of profanities that spilled from his
mouth. "I still don't understand why the Committee sent us here instead of any of the German Lodges. This isn't even our
case or anything." He was fuming, and his ire was beginning to strain his voice, making his next stream of profanities sound
that much more unpleasant..

"We're almost there," Josef said, his big dumb smile unchanged. Riding shotgun, he pointed ahead down the road. "Very
soon..."

Turning & turning in the widening gyre
The falcon cannot hear the falconer;
Things fall apart; the center cannot hold...
— W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

Players, take note! This section is intended for Story-

tellers only. The information contained herein details
some of the secrets of the Arcanum, secrets which you will
learn when it is appropriate. Reading this section will ruin
the pleasure of playing Arcanum characters.

This chapter delves into some of the more hidden
aspects of this fellowship of scholars. Many of the details are
left deliberately vague to allow you to customize the truth to

fit your own chronicle. The implications of these secrets
should fill any Arcanist with paranoiac dread; the creatures
outside the Chapter House walls are bad enough, but when
strange things happen within this trusted fellowship....
Storytellers should be subtle if they choose to include
the ideas in this chapter; conspiracies should not drop from
the ceiling onto the characters' heads. Foster, instead, a
growing atmosphere of distrust and concern, a feeling that

Cuapten Six: Bewino THE Vet 83

Tey te eee eee,

fs cS

.
"
J
4
a
'
\)
\
i}

4

REAR MG Ft Te Ry ME Ey eT a PS a PR

he FE ttm eae Es


something significant is going on just behind the oaken
door... The truth, ifit ever appears, should remain shrouded
in mystery. The Arcanum, after all, is a fraternity of search-
ers. Anyone who expects to keep a secret here had better be
damned clever and damned careful...

Inner Questions

He who hungers for the past will be fed on lies.

— Samuel Barber, Vanessa

Bah. Wood-cutters and charcoal-burners.

That is all the Arcanum consists of nowadays: fools who
chop away at the Tree of Life, marveling at the splinters they
produce and oblivious to the source. They do not understand
meaning or truth; scientia sacra is lost upon them. They bustle
about like worker ants, following the dictates of the unseen White
Monks.

They have lost their way on the Road, and should either be
destroyed or gently corrected. Let the fires of the enlightenment
burn away the detritus that has gathered. If the Arcanum has
failed, than so have I, and I must take actions to redress this
failure.

— Benjamen Holmscroft, 24 November 1994

FT

4L_ zz. 4

84 Hauts of THe Arcanum

ObservationsontheHistoryofthe -
Arcanum

A talk offered by Andrew Taylor, at the 1992 Cordova
Convocation of the Order of Hermes:

The Arcanum still represents an enigma to the mages of
all the Traditions, but we of the Order of Hermes are the
most perplexed —possibly because of our own similarities
with this band of Sleepers and the semi-Awakened. But
perhaps, before discussing these similarities, I should exam-
ine its history from the beginning.

As is well known, many of the Arcanum's members
came from the Hermetic Order of the Rising Day, which
members typically included artists, poets, scholars and bored
aristocrats caught up in the nouveau-occult movement of
the day. It was prone to wild imaginings, finding lost
civilizations behind everything, and detailing "hidden" cor-
respondences between any number of occult activities and
interests — the Tarot, the Qabala, Numerology, et al. ad
infinitum. Only occasionally would the order stumble upon
some esoteric truth. A number of the members of the Order
were actual magi, shapers of reality; but they had little todo
with the HORD's turn toward speculative whimsy. Few true
Awakened were members of the Order for long. Most joined
merely out of curiosity, and quit soon after, usually quite
amused. The majority of those members of the HORD (and
other similar societies) who had a talent for magic were
nothing more than hedge magi, who, amusingly enough,

rf

gS ¢
r @
no

a"
r

\\\
ve

a\\

\


quite often believed their art to be the pinnacle of all
magical craft.

And soon with other occult societies to the present day:
always seeking, sometimes finding, and typically losing.

But what of the Arcanum itself? From the beginning, it
was shrouded in secrecy. George Kenealy, himself a magus of
the Order of Hermes, was one of the original invitants to
Holmscroft's gathering at Vannever Hall — of which I have
much to say as well, later — and he felt that the proposal of
the Arcanum, while noble and noteworthy, was of little
significance.

Kenealy's own blindness to Holmscroft's true nature is
an indication of just how singularly powerful Holmscroft
can be. Regardless, I digress.

The Order periodically kept track of the early activities
of the Arcanum, watching its members muddle through
their scholarly-mystical journeys. Certainly, we learned that
a number of the semi-Awakened had joined the Arcanum:
hedge magicians, psychics, novice alchemists, and so on —
but it seems as though one day we looked to discover that
they had formed a veritable army of investigators, and were
probing into a wide array of matters of which we had not
thought them capable, including our own Order.

This is when we began to treat them a little more
seriously. We decided then to study the Arcanum as thor-
oughly as they try to study us....

The Rosicrucians

We know, from conversations with early Arcanists,
that the early founders of the Arcanum were quite interested

in — one might say obsessed with — the legends of the- —

Rosicrucians: the city of Damcar, the Domus Sanctus, the

rs oy
se,

es The Ancients of Damear.. a ae
' Fear spoke from the age-worn stones a survivor vat it sie
deluge, this great-grandmother of the eldest pyramid; and @ viewless:
aura repelled me and bade me retreat from antique and ee
"secrets that no man should see, and no man else had everdared 4

— HP. Lovecraft, "The Nameless City"

As far as the Ancients of Damcar are concerned, again we
claim no knowledge. But there is much speculation: if the city ‘oft
Damcar is (or was) located near the Holy Land, then#t would-have
fallen within the sphere of influence of the Ahl-i-Batin. Although the
Subtle Ones have been our allies — however reluctantly — they we:
not forthcoming with all their secrets. <<]

Not only would the location of Damcar have been. within the'
geography of the Ahl-i-Batin, bit the history of "Father Christian"'
and the Ancients follows a similar pattern with the Batini, sndooteh,
nating heterodox mystics and gnostics of mainstream religions.

It is thus the theory of many that the Ancients were Ahl-i-Batine
Damcar may very wéll have been Mount Qaf, or it may even have
been another location entirely — perhaps now a Horizon Realm?:
Even with the magicks available to us, we have not beer, able to
penetrate the veil of mystery surrounding Damcar. The Subtle Ones;,

of course, refute all of the above.
* Suffice it to say, the Order of Hermes is as Sitorested in
establishing the location of Damcar as is the Arcanum.

tomb of Christian Rosenkreutz — all landmarks of a mythic
history.

What do we know of the Rosicrucians? I confess that
once again I must admit a partial ignorance. It is most likely
that "Father Christian" was a true alchemist, if not a full
mage, which would account for his longevity, but his histori-
cal identity is unknown to us. His name itself would seem to
be nothing more than a cobbling together of symbols:
"Christian Rosy-Cross," I am confident, is not a true name,
but was adopted, most likely as part of an initiation rite.

The Rosicrucians of legend are close in ideology with
the Order of Hermes: both believe in a secret wisdom that
must be protected from humanity, and aim to guide this
knowledge toward perfection. For the Order, this perfection
is Ascension; for the Rose-Cross Brothers, it is Reformation:
same idea, different clothing. The Rosicrucians-proper (vs.
the spurious Rosicrucians — yet another subject I will
address) were practicing alchemists and healers. The truth
which they safeguarded was, like alchemy, couched in intri-
cate symbolism and mystical language.

There are many who have claimed to be inheritors of
the Rosicrucian tradition, including the HORD and the
Order of the Golden Dawn, as well as a host of pseudo-
mystical societies of dubious merit. Strangely, for all the
Arcanum's fascination with the Rosicrucians — and we
know fora fact that they actively seek any clues to them that
they can find — the Arcanum never claimed itself to be an
heir to that grand tradition.

Benjamen Holmscroft

Benjamen Holmscroft remains one of the greatest riddles
of the Arcanum: who was — or is — he?

So little is truly known about Benjamen Holmscroft.
He first appears among Sleepers in 1879, with his entry into
the HORD. There are no records of his existence prior to
that year: no birth certificates, school records, tax forms, or
any other civic or personal documents make reference to
him prior to 1879. It is likely that the name Holmscroft is an
alias, a pseudonym created for his debut in the occult
community.

There is reason to wonder whether he was, in fact, a
mage, as evidenced by the fact that there are no early records
of him, that he became very reclusive, and that his alleged
death — again, more on that later — is shrouded in mystery.
He certainly has more than a minor touch of the Arcane
about him. If this, indeed, is true — though we unanimously
believe it to be unlikely — then he was anonymous, an
Orphan without a Cabal or Chantry.

There are some in the Traditions who suspect that
Holmscroft is one of the Awakened, but if so, he is unlike any
we have seen before: neither a mage, nor one of the Undead,
but simply Undying. Some have suggested that Bryon
Hartswicke, the first "inheritor" of Vannever Hall, was in
fact Holmscroft; although there is little documentary evi-
dence to prove this, one Leech claimed to have a portrait

Cuapten Six: Beninp tHe Vet 85

Ce ee ey eee SF me AS OL a Re a ga OO, Bn


H

Ey

ta

HALts oF THE ARCANUM

«x with perhaps'a bent: toward the intellectual — colle

+, from across the world. The house was owned, oste:

~ Saint-Geaxge and Scotte, along with their ca

bese and it has been expanded ever since by'
: :

Dear Elena: ‘
. You have y

- House of the Order of Hermes. ; It has mi

na ‘Agome are known; many more have been forbotien:
a Its original occupants were publicly recogn#s i

gentlemen and ladies of high breeding and goo
tors of maps and manuscripts, books and mementos A ‘

"bly, by Sir Thomas Scotte, but his companion, Andrew § yo
_Saint-George, was most likely: the Chanitry - irene

- (magus and custos ali isappeared while #aveli ete
in Asia: their fate is ent acy upkngwn, often the | :
lot of mages. = +648 :

_ Although;the building was enormous, felatively
few mages had residence there¢ It, cannot be said for
certainjwhy Scotte had so large a Hall built; perhaps ©
Saint-George anticipated spores in oad fu-
ture. > 7% co cas ‘

The site of Yanneve is stra inal been ="!
a,powerful source of Quintessence, perfiaps ev even be: #
fore the construction of the building. The Axia Mundi, 4
the Chantry's: library, is believed to Kavé'be the
Node, though this is no longer a sotired'o f Quintesr =
sence. Of course, agcording to rumor, there is rer ~!
much that is str about Vannever: : perhaps a oF

, touch of Tass rengeths, for an ieee ality ae
edly lingers there, 3 A

The Axis Mundi

The Arcanum's library ié magnificent, even bj, on
standards, although it is lacking in texts of ‘

Gs

, Inagick? Saint: George — quite a bibliothecary* if His:
scant biographies are true — began ‘the original.co

subsequent residents — or'' "resident"
Hail. ~ é
Yours in the Order, oe
Andrew Taylor 7 ae
a aXe!

.

painted of Hartswicke that bears an uncanny resemblance to
Holmscroft. However, this vampire has since disappeared,
either drowned in the politics of his kind or fallen under the
blade of an Inquisitor.

If Holmscroft — for whatever his True Name is, we
know him only by this name — was indeed the inheritor of
Vannever Hall from the 17th century onward, then he has
lived a long, slow life, aging at a snail's pace. Perhaps his
quest for wisdom kept him alive, or perhaps he was aided by
some outside factor. Bryon Hartswicke is said to have trav-


eled to the Orient; perhaps in the course of his travels he
stumbled upon the secret to his immortal transformation,
and learned how tocloud minds, so that he would effectively
disappear until he emerged in his Holmscroft persona. He is
clearly not a vampire, ‘and I doubt that he is a mummy.
However, the Dreamspeakers have tales of some humans,
infused by Gaia's energy, who have become almost living
avatars of some Gaian aspect: vengeance, love, or in this
case, wisdom. Of course, not having the liberty to speak with
Holmscroft on the issue, these theories remain purely mat-
ters of conjecture.

Finally, we come to Holmscroft's death. One witness to
a hermit's death, and a closed-casket funeral? Surely only
the most gullible individual would truly believe that
Holmscroft died as rumor told. (As far as that witness's
credibility, we know fora fact that Winthrop Murray under-
went his own transformation, and lives on to this day,
although he is rarely seen or heard from.) Holmscroft disap-
peared in 1914, to besure, because his longevity was becoming
too apparent. However, rather than maintaining behind-
the-scenes and control of the Arcanum, he appears to have
left behind the society which he founded.

As far as Holmscroft's present whereabouts, and the

reasons he left the Arcanum, these questions still remain a
mystery.

The White Monks

Forget all this nonsense about Grand Chancellors and
Executive Committees: the true leadership of the Arcanum
lies with the cabal known as the White Monks. This group
is believed to control the Executive Committee — not every

too, ultimately fails. The Oracles have duties and roles that
are far more pressing than the shepherding of a group of
children who dabble in the occult.

Argument 3: Awakened

It has been put forth that the White Monks are an
alliance of Awakened, primarily mages and vampires, but
perhaps including mummies as well. While it would be in
keeping with the Awakened — particularly Leeches — to
manipulate mortals for personal gain, most likely the gath-
ering of information, this theory ultimately falls apart as
well. Very few mages and vampires have been able to act
together in concert, and I cannot see a consortium of mixed
Awakened successfully controlling mortals for over a cen-
tury without making their presence more visible.

Argument 4: Sleepers

This leads us to our last argument: the White Monks
must be a group of mortals. Some have theorized that the
White Monks are but a new incarnation of a mysterious
priesthood begun under Solomon, known only as the White
Veils of the Temple. (I will not at this point go into the
ridiculous allegations that the Prieuré de Solomon are descen-
dants of the White Veils). According to these theorists, the
White Monks are alchemists and hedge magi — some of
them incredibly ancient, thanks to their magical workings.

This entire theory is ultimately preposterous: that any
one group of mortals could occult themselves out of our
collective attention for 3,000 years is beyond possibility.

So there we have it: four theories on the identities of the

White Monks, all refuted. I admit that I have used only

member, but enough to sway the Committee's decisions or ~ ~argument, and not evidence, to discount them; however, I

certain matters — as well as to choose (and direct) each
Grand Chancellor.

Rumors of the White Monks first appeared in the early
years of the Arcanum; whether Holmscroft was influenced
by them, or was himself a member, has yet to be ascertained.

This much we know; anything else is pure conjecture,
particularly when addressing the issue of who the actual
members of the White Monks are. As of now, there are four
theories.

Argument 1: Umbral Lords

Some have proposed that the White Monks are nothing
less than the Umbral Lords. While the Arcanum's interest
in Hermetic mysteries would lead one to the believe that
they have some connection to the Western Court — or even
the Egyptian Court — this is, of course, absurd; the Umbral
Lords do not typically deal with mortals, and when they do,
it is with us. What use would they have for a mortal
organization that does not actively worship them?

Argument 2: Oracles

Others have proposed that perhaps the White Monks of
the Arcanum are actually Oracles, directing mortals from
their sanctuary Realms. This is an interesting theory, but it,

will point out in my defense that no evidence has been
offered to support these claims either.

This much we do suspect: whomever the White Monks
may be, they are using the Arcanum to further their own
goals and research. As the Arcanum traverses the globe,
unraveling mysteries and bringing data and relics home to
the Foundation House, the White Monks' own work ad-
vances: they have the toil and effort of scholars throughout
the world to manipulate and draw upon.

Finally, we must question the motives of the White
Monks. Do they work to manipulate the Arcanum in hopes
of directing it to a greater good? Some speak of a Revelation,
when the doors to the Arcanum will be flung open and the
knowledge of eons will spill forth.

Or do the White Monks manipulate the Arcanum only
for their own purposes?

What should happen if Damcar is discovered? Or if one
of the truly powerful relics which the Arcanum seeks is
found? What will the White Monks do with it then?

There are layers upon layers of secrets within the
Arcanum; it is doubtful that any know the truths behind
them all.

Cuapten Six: Benino THE VEIL 87

an "o

>y

ek es

yr

~=F

oem ae =>,

a vet?

et ee


The Red Monks

Wrapped in even more ambiguity are the rumors of the
Red Monks, a cabal said to oppose the White Monks.
Although not directly opposed to the original mission of the
Arcanum, they have come to view the Arcanum as a tool of
self-serving individuals, and now work to thwart the activi-
ties of the White Monks whenever possible. This we have
from self-professed agents of the Red Monks, both inside and
outside the Arcanum, mortal and supernatural alike; how-
ever, we have little confirmation of the identities of the Red
Monks as well.

A few suspect that Winthrop Murray reappears on
occasion to recruit Arcanists for some hidden cause, possibly
in the service of the Red Monks. Whether Murray works for
Holmscroft, or whether Holmscroft is part of the Red Monks,
is not clear.

Conclusion

In one sense, the Arcanum is the fulfillment of what the
Order of Hermes has espoused: it studies the mystery tradi-
tions of the ages, seeking the truths hidden in the arcane
formulae of numbers and symbols which make up the occult
sciences. The Arcanum's collective belief in that which we
proclaim helps to enforce the walls of our reality and
strengthen the paradigmatic bulwark against the Technoc-
racy.

Many already believe that the Arcanum is a front for
the Order of Hermes; while it is true that a number of our
own acolytes and apprentices are recruited from the Arcanum,

we have no more control over the order than does any other
Tradition.

What does the Technocracy think of the Arcanum? It
is likely that it allows the Arcanum to exist as a fringe
organization: as long as the collective populace does not
believe in ghosts or sorcerers, then the Arcanum will be
little more than a body of scholarly eccentrics. If the Tech-
nocracy ever comes to view the Arcanum as a tool of the
Order, it may decide to crush it. I suspect that when and if
this should occur, the stored, collected knowledge of the
Arcanum will be revealed, and the Technocracy will face a
greater fight than they expect.

If, one day, the Arcanum does release its findings,
which prove the existence of the supernatural and refute
some of the claims of modern science, then the Technocracy
may have cause to worry. It is unlikely that this Revelation
will occur any time soon, and one cannot say for certain
what will happen when it does. If the timing is wrong, then
the Arcanum will bear the brunt of universal mockery. If the
timing is propitious, however, the Technocracy's paradigm
may find itself quaking just a bit, and we will be ready. In this
event, the Arcanum, never a tool, may become an ally. For
now, they are just children, playing with fire: but a fire which
may one day prove useful.

Until then, we will wait, and we will watch.

Characters

For here, in the New Orleans home of this continent's
greatest mystic, mathematician, and orientalist, there was being
settled at last the estate of a scarcely less great mystic, scholar,
author, and dreamer who had vanished from the face of the earth
four years before.

— HP. Lovecraft, "Through the Gates of the Silver |

"

Key

The following characters are presented for a variety of
purposes. Some were important in the history of the Arcanum,
and may still play a role in its future; others have yet to leave
their mark upon it. Still others are simply personalities that
may be found within the Arcanum and may leave their mark
ona more personal level. The way your players interact with
these personages is left to you and to the dictates of your own
chronicle.

Mark Wayne

Secretary
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Avante-Garde
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Dodge 1, Expression 2
Skills: Drive 1, Leadership 1, Research 2, Technology 2
Knowledges: Culture 1, Linguistics 1 P
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 1


fs Willpower: 4

Background: Mark Wayne is young, he's cute, and he's
a French major — which pretty much means he's
unemployable. But thankfully his uncle pulled a few
strings, and now he answers the phones and does some
typing for a local scholarly society. :

Sure, they've got some really weird books, but the
building is nice, you get to use the phone whenever you
want, you can read at the desk, and they let you use the
basement gym as well. It's not much as far as jobs go, but
it's a start.

Image: Mark Wayne is a handsome young fellow
whose idea of dressing up is wearing a button-down
instead of a T-shirt.

Roleplaying Hints: You're enthusiastic, always ready
to help, but a little bit clueless as far as real office work
goes. But hey, you can read French!

Sylvia Dorn
Security Consultant

Nature: Jobsworth
Demeanor: Bravo
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 1
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 1, Melee 2, Stealth
3, Technology 3

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 2, Medicine 1, Occult
1

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 1, Resources 2
Willpower: 6

Background: Sylvia was just a security guard who saw
something really weird one day (it was just a little UFO,
after all), and the next thing she knew she was in all the
tabloids. Well, so much for anyone wanting to hire her
again.

Then the Arcanum came along. First they investigated
her background, then they questioned her about what she
saw. Not only did they believe her, they offered her a job
at a Chapter House, managing security operations.

She's seen even weirder things since then, but after all,
it's just a job.

Image: A trim black woman of about 30, short and
petite, but all muscle beneath her business suit. Sylvia
wears dark glasses whenever possible.

Roleplaying Hints: When it comes right down to it,
you're paid to act paranoid, but you're also efficient. The
Arcanum was there for you and you'll be there for it.

Mr. Parks
Steward
Nature: Jobsworth
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Diplomacy 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Leadership 2,
Melee 3, Stealth 3, Technology 2

Knowledges: Arcanum Lore 5, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Medicine 1, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Resources 3
Willpower: 5

Background: Edward Parks — simply "Mr. Parks" — is
part of a long-standing tradition at Vannever Hall: the
stewards of Vannever Hall have come from the Parks
family for generations, even when Vannever Hall was
"unoccupied." Now he manages the Foundation Hall's
large domestic staff.

Mr. Parks is a dedicated servant of the Arcanum. While
he is universally trusted as the Foundation House's
manager, few people are aware of just how much he really
knows. He is well-versed in the secret byways and
passageways of the Foundation House, many cellars that
are still undiscovered, but he is content "to remain a
domestic." He has his job, like his father before him, and
he will do it well.

Image: A dignified, middle-aged white man with a
brisk Queen's English accent. Mr. Parks is neatly shaven,
wears a crisp suit and walks a steady pace: never rushed,
but never late.

Roleplaying Hints: You are there to facilitate the daily
activities of the Arcanum. You expect the same respect
that is given the Grand Chancellor, and if any young
Journeyman starts to take an attitude with you, you'll
snap him back to reality without a moment's hesitation
— or a single ungentlemanly word.

Madeleine Beaucourt
The Grand Chancellor

Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Bully
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Expression 4,
Intuition 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 4,
Meditation 1, Research 3, Technology 3
Knowledges: Arcanum Lore 4, Computer 1, Enigmas 1,
Investigation 1, Linguistics 4, Mythology 5, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 4, Library 5, Resources 3,
Status 5
Willpower: 7

Background: Madeleine Beuacourt was educated in
the finest universities in France, and is one of the world's
most noted Indologists. Unbeknownst to her, her career
in the Arcanum was groomed by the White Monks
almost from the beginning: she was immediately
perceived to be a very forceful women, and the Monks
agreed that her strength of character could be put to use
in their service. Her rise through the ranks was genuine,
given her career and activities, but the Monks facilitated
things so that she always had the best opportunities to
shine.

By the time she had been voted Grand Chancellor,
Beuacourt had already been in touch with the Monks for
three years; they made her privy to much of their own
private information, and she does their bidding on the
rare occasions when they ask: policy decisions, budget
considerations, etc.

She has never once seen the White Monks; all
communication is conducted through private meetings
with nameless liaisons, telephone calls, even private e-
mail (which automatically purges after she reads it and
cannot be saved or forwarded).

Madeleine is fanatically loyal to the White Monks and
the Arcanum: for her, the two are synonymous.

Image: A short French woman in her late forties, smartly
dressed in business suits, Madeleine is the consummate
professional.

Roleplaying Hints: Be direct, be firm. If you speak to
anyone, it is because you think they are worth your time.
If anyone has problems with the Arcanum, you'll listen —
and then you'll refute each and every argument.


Andrew Taylor
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Critic
Tradition: Order of Hermes
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Dodge 2,
Expression 4, Intuition 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 3,
Meditation 3, Research 4, Stealth 2, Technology 1
Knowledges: Arcanum Lore 4, Cosmology 3, Culture 2,
Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 4, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Arcane 1, Avatar 3, Influence 2 , Status 3
Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 4, Life 2, Matter 2,
Mind 4, Prime 3, Spirit 1
Willpower: 8
Arete: 6
Quintessence: 12
Paradox: 3

Background: Andrew Taylor began as a Journeyman
with the Washington, D.C. chapter. Over the course of
his career as an Arcanist, he met up with a Magus of the
Order of Hermes, who selected him to be his apprentice.
To this day, Andrew believes that he was chosen less for
his personal merit than for his background.

Although Andrew quit the Arcanum a number of years
ago, he never quite left it; he has been preoccupied with
the origin and true nature of the Arcanum for some time,
and does whatever he can to attempt to resolve its many
enigmas.

Image: Andrew Taylor is a pleasant young man who
enjoys the life of the scholar and the academe, dressing
the part to the hilt: brown trench coat, tweed jacket,
Oxford shoes, and a worn leather satchel. His face is
handsome but not threatening, although at times he looks
rather severe. Round spectacles finish off his image.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet in public, except for
scholarly convocations and gatherings; when you speak at
such occasions, you are quite eloquent. In private
gatherings you say little, however, preferring instead to
watch and listen.

Winthrop Murray
The Undying

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Architect
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Expression 4,
Intuition 2
Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Meditation 2,
Melee 2, Research 4, Stealth 2

Ca

a SIS ee
®


Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Arcanum Lore 5, Astrology 5,
Cosmology 3, Culture 3, Egyptology 5, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics 5, Medicine 1, Mummy Lore 3, Mage Lore 2,
Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Contacts 5, Library 5,
Mentor 4, Resources 4

Numina: Alchemy 5, Ephemera 3

Willpower: 8

Background: Winthrop Murray was a prominent
Victorian Egyptologist involved with the Hermetic Order
of the Rising Day and then the Arcanum. He served as
Secretary both to the Executive Committee and to
Benjamen Holmscroft.

In the course of his involvement with the Arcanum, he
met with an Undying Egyptian sorcerer, who was
sufficiently pleased with Murray's knowledge. After many
visits to the Arcanum, the Undying accepted Murray as
an apprentice. ‘

Murray staged his own death and went to study in
Cairo, recreating the method used millennia ago to grant
immortality to his mentor. Finally, in a fluke, he was able
to create the Formulae which both restored his youth and
made him ageless. Although he can be killed by normal
means, his body will slowly regenerate while his spirit
floats the Umbra.

Now he watches the Arcanum's progress from behind
the scenes. He disdains the manipulation of the White
Monks, and will counter it whenever possible. He is
believed to be a contact for the Red Monks, but he
neither confirms nor denies this. He does, however,
occasionally contact Arcanists and give them covert aid-
— often without revealing his presence.

Image: Winthrop Murray is a proper gentleman, even
in this day and age, always dressed in the crispest of
clothing, with impeccable manners. He never insults —
unintentionally — and maintains a pleasant facade no
matter what he is thinking.

Roleplaying Hints: Be a polite chap, if somewhat
condescending. Always act in a mannerly fashion: in
addition to being proper, it helps cover your true motives.

Jebediah Spector Brown
Witch-hunter

Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 1, Brawl 2, Expression 4,
Intuition 3, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Leadership 3,
Meditation 2, Melee 4, Research 2, Technology 3

92 HAits oF THE Ancanum

/

Knowledges: Alchemy 5, Astrology 3, Computer 1,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Sacred
Scripture 3, Science 3, Theology 3, Vampire Lore 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Library 4, Resources 4
Numina: Alchemy 5
Willpower: 8

Background: The Reverend Jebediah Brown is a God-
fearing — but sadly, not God-loving — man who feels his
divinely ordained duty is to cleanse the earth of the
supernatural evil with which it is infested. He will not
join the Society of Leopold, which, being Catholic,
follows the Whore of Babylon known as the Pope, and he
will not indulge in simple hunt-and-stake missions on his
own. ‘
Brown has decided that the best way to rid the earth of
this blight is to learn as much as possible about it (a
lesson which the Society of Leopold would do well to
learn). He began with an extensive study of vampire lore,
which to this day remains his field of expertise. It was
because of this knowledge that he was first contacted by
Benjamen Holmscroft regarding the Arcanum; after a
brief membership, in which he learned as much as he
could about occult society of his day, he withdrew and
moved to America.


Dare nee

Once there, he began the study of alchemy — which,
he argues, is evil in itself bur which God permitted him to
study in light of his mission — with an old gentleman
who claimed to have come to the country in the early
1700s. After wresting the secret of longevity (if not
immortality) from him, Brown killed his mentor and used
his funds to establish a lab in which he could
alchemically study captured supernatural creatures.

Recruits and converts aided Brown in his mission, and
over then next few years the Reverend founded what was
to become Crucible Genetics Amalgamated. He still runs
CGA from behind the scenes, using its facilities and
supplies for both his own alchemical experiments and for
further study of the supernatural.

The Reverend lives in seclusion, surrounded only by
his most trusted associates and bodyguards. To facilitate
his privacy, he "died" in 1902, according to the certificate
hanging on his study wall. When he feels he has learned
all that he needs to know, he plans to initiate a massive
supernatural pogrom; to this end, he is gathering data and

capturing "specimens" for his experiments and research.
CGA has on occasion infiltrated the Arcanum, and vice-
versa, in a macabre system of corporate espionage that is
understood only by Brown and the Arcanum's Executive
Commmittee.

Brown was once strong in Faith, but this dwindled as he
committed more and more atrocities in the name of
"God-driven science."

Image: A stocky man, Brown has a stern face with a
strong aquiline profile. His long hair is peppered gray,
pulled back from a high forehead and kept in a short
ponytail. Brown looks to be in his 40s, although he is
actually much older. Though he is no longer an an active
clergyman, he continues to dress in the fashion of a
minster.

Roleplaying Hints: You rarely laugh, smile, or show any
emotion other than stern, pompous contempt and
condescension. Quote Scripture when it suits you and
serves your purpose, but fly into a cold rage when
someone dares to send it back at you.

Cuarrea Six: Bewino tHe Veit

mI EN SS

Se et awe


ie ted

.

aap ey bl LY PE

Appendix One:
Alchemy, The GreatArt

Gold is immortality

aes

"t oly oe
aoe

ra

a,

+a ==

aa -

it

id

a,

— Satapatha Brahmana, 8th c. B.C.
All that is gold does not glitter...
—J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring

I walked home late that night, contemplating the various
formulae my master made clear to me throughout the day; these
ideas, and many others, churned turbulently in my mind, each
revelation and discovery building upon the other, to alter subtly
my understanding of the way things were.

I looked up at the State building, as I am so often wont to
do; there, upon the entablature, was a stunning revelation.
What I had previously thought was little more than neoclassical
sentiment or mythologized Americanism fixed in stone was
actually the allegorical representation of a number of basic
alchemical formulae. I stood and stared, my mouth agape — no
doubt appearing to passers-by as an idiot or a madman.

A cold wind roused me from my rumination. Drawing my
overcoat closer around me, I hurried home, wondering how
many more occult truths are boldly emblazoned before the eyes
of the ignornant.

94 Huts oF THE ARCANUM

The Great Art, Our Sacred Philosophy, the Divine
Work, Ars Chemica — these are all terms which have
surrounded the occult — some would say sacred — science/
art of alchemy. But what was, or is, alchemy?

Alchemy is popularly known as a medieval proto-
chemistry, a pseudo-science which sought to transmute base
metals (e.g., lead) into gold. While such operations often are
a part of the alchemical process, alchemy itself goes far
beyond this. It is truly the science of transmutation and
perfection, but it is a way of perfecting the human spirit. All
the many varied physical results, no matter how dramatic,
are tangential to the true work of the art. Alchemy as
practiced in the west is the epitome of the Hermetic tradi-
tion, which draws together into its syncretism the myths of
Egypt, Greece and Rome, as well as the Biblical traditions.


Alchemy is difficult to discuss empirically or objec-
tively; it straddles the border between art and science,
between spiritual discipline and scientific pracitce. Span-
ning across Asia Minor and Europe, this discipline has been
in practice for over 2,000 years. Description is limitation,
and alchemy defies limitation.

ABrief Discussion oftheHistory
and Practice ofAlchemy

Excerpts from the Annual Proceedings of the
Arcanum:

Etymology

The etymology of the word "alchemy" has never been
wholly agreed upon. The word itself is commonly acknowl-
edged to have come from the Arabic al-kimia; al is the Arabic
definite article, but the meaning and derivation of kimia is
often disputed. Arguments tend to fall into two camps:

¢ Some believe that kimia comes from the Egyptian
word khem, or "black," referring to "the black land"— the
ancient Egyptians' own name for their country. Alchemy
was once greatly practiced in Egypt, and it may very well
have been considered "the Egyptian art."

¢ Others argue that the word comes from the Greek
kumeia, which means to fuse or cast metal, often part of the
alchemical procedure.

— Elizabeth Sandler (From Vol. V)

History

You ask me to summarize for you in four minutes four
thousand years of philosophy and the efforts of a lifetime.
Furthermore, you ask me to translate into ordinary language
concepts for which such a language is not intended.

— an unnamed alchemist to F. Bergier, as described in
The Moming of the Magicians

The roots of Alchemy may lie in the innumerable myths
which speak of plants, fountains, or other substances that
bestow immortality. In such tales, the crucial object may be
found after a long quest, only to be lost again, as in the Epic
of Gilgamesh. Gilgamesh finds the root of immortality
growing deep below the sea, but loses it when it is eaten by
a snake, who in turn gains immortality for the act.

The earliest surviving documents date alchemy toas far
back as the 3rd century B.C. However, it was between the
4th and 7th centuries A.D. that it truly flourished. Alexan-
dria, home to Persians, Syrians, Egyptians and Greeks, was
at that time a cultural and intellectual melting pot; thus,
many of the earliest alchemical manuscripts are Alexandrian
in origin. Hellenistic Egypt was home to the Hermetic
tradition, which infused alchemy and many of the western
occult sciences. Prominent Greek alchemists included Bolos
and Zosimos, whose works are now part of every alchemist's
corpus.

eet 5 ae 8 a Se

Fe!
= ==

In the 12th century, Europeans began to discover the
intellectual heritage of the Muslims, whom they had assailed
regularly in their Crusades. Spain, in particular, still under
Moorish control, was a haven for the diffusion of Arabic
knowledge to the European world. Much of this learning
spread throughout Europe, particularly to monasteries, which
served as centers for education and the preservation of
knowledge. Roger Bacon and Albertus Magnus contributed
to the spread of alchemical knowledge in the late Middle
Ages, and Sir George Ripley (a member of the Knights of St.
John of Jerusalem), Bernard of Treves, and John Destin all
were noted alchemists of the time.

With the Renaissance, alchemy and the other occult
sciences reached their zenith, as a new interest in ancient
teachings — including those of the occult — spread across
Europe. Athanasius Kirchner, Pico della Mirandola, and
others trumpted the "secret wisdom" of the ancients. With
this kind of support, the science of alchemy achieved new
heights. Famous alchemists included John Dee, Helvetius,
Robert Fludd, Lady Anne Conway and particularly
Paracelsus.

However, as the Renaissance trailed into the 17th
century, interest in alchemy become more scientific and less
metaphysical. Although interest in alchemy has not quite
disappeared, it certainly never reached the same heights in
Europe as it had during the Renaissance. By the time of the
Industrial Revolution, alchemy was popularly sneered at as
nothing more than a pseudo-science, its true nature cher-
ished in the hands of those few who practiced it in secret.

— Maximillian Wilhelm (from Vol. X)

~~ Practice

The Philosopher's Stone is called the most ancient, secret or
unknown, natural incomprehensible, heavenly, blessed sacred
Stone of the Sages. It is described as being true, more certain than
certainty itself, the arcanum of all arcana...

— Anonymous, The Sophic Hydrolith, 17th century.

The key to— and often the aim of — Western alchemi-
cal study is the Philosopher's Stone, sometimes simply called
the Stone. Alchemy is full of paradoxes, and the description
of the Stone is one of these: some alchemists say it is an
actual stone, others claim that it is some other substance; it
has been variously described as a tincture, an elixir, a wax,
a powder. But the Philosopher's Stone is that substance
which aids in the final alchemical processes of transmuting
lead into gold, healing all ills, and granting immortality.

The alchemical art brings Nature to perfection. The
prima materia, the primal material, is the substance which is
turned, through a variety of processes, into the Stone. But
even the nature of the prima materia is a mystery. Some
alchemists believe it must be a base material: dog droppings,
bones, blood, etc. — while others argue that the prima
materia itself is a supernatural substance.

After a substance is chosen for experimentation, the
next question to be addressed is what to operations to

Appennix One: Aucuemy, tHE GReat Ant 95

4)

7S

r ok ee Sos

1
=i

.
t
ir
Uh.
4
‘
4

> mi

oat ag

vara be =r,

St al "2-5

af Pe

=m bh

Bas
"a oe

shady

aie +

Ee fe

a

= > - FS

me"

bhai

ee

=

RY
ib

=e
2 I>

Se

Ye'
o

yo

wr ee re? Be


em.

Stay Secret Languas
es VITRIOL: Visita Interioxa Te
® Occultum Lapidem. co ie

€ ua
| aed

—

perform and in which order. The number of processes varies.
One may go by the number either of planets, the days of
Creation (according to Genesis), or the signs of the zodiac.
A knowledge of astrology is requisite in alchemy, as various
planets control various metals, and knowing which days to
perform which operations is essential.

The first step usually involves putrefaction, which
culminates in nigredo (the black stage), when the substance
is dead, or has been reduced to its first matter. The substance
is then reborn in "The Peacock's Tail," a stage of many
colors, followed by albedo (the whitening), when a white
elixir is formed. Finally, the process concludes with rubedo,
when the substance becomes a red tincture, elixir or powder:
the Philosopher's Stone.

— Geoffrey Truesdell (from Vol. LXXIII)

Transmission
A most wonderful Magistery and Archimagistery is the
Tincture of sacred Alchemy, the-marvellous scince of the secret
Philosophy... which men have never discovered through the labor
of their own hands, but only by revelation and the teaching of
others.
— Thomas Norton, The Ordinall of Alchimy, 1477

The Great Work is not easily learned. True, there are
many works in print which claim to detail the secrets of

(Visit the interior of the earth: in rectifying thou wilt find: the +
m stone.)

— Alchemical adage
"Alchemical works are laden with symbolism, metaphor -

~.and allegory, in addition to outright deception, and ‘seal
«into the. alchemical tradition is a must if one is truly j
- understand.any alchemical text.

17th century treatise Twelve Keys:

¢

Take, for example, the following instruction fom the 3
Take a fierce grey Wolf. Cast to him the body of the King and 4

when he has devoured it, burn him entirely to ashes in a great fire.
By this process the King will be: liberated; and when jt has been
performed thrice the Lion has évercome the Wolf, who will find
nothing more to devour in him. Thus one body has been found fit for.
the first stage of our work. -

Spent

The Wolf is probaply antimony, whick ety alloys with

— or "devours" ogher metals, and the process may be the ~

most

One book, the Mutus Liber, printed in 1677,

‘purification of gold by fepeated fusion with antimony sulfide. _

_ entirely eschews text and is instead composed of fifteen fflates, -

<<

*

_ each onf detailing in sybmolic imagery the steps for the \

creation of the Philosopher's Stone. sa

In $hort, any text which is said to reveal all the secrets of ™
aches in "plain English" is probably a fraud, ‘The Great"
- Work does not reveal itself to the masses in paperback form. if

~ £ a ar ral

Poe

HALLs OF THE Aneta

alchemy, but these are often analogical reflections which
cannot be comprehended without some initial understand-
ing — and this innate knowledge cannot be gained through
books.

The Sacred Craft is typically learned through the in-
struction of other alchemists — and finding a genuine
alchemist is no easy task — or through "revelation," which
most often takes the form of dreams or visions. One can read
the vast alchemical corpus, but will truly grasp very little
without proper instruction and initiation.

Alchemy is a sacred art, and a secret one: true alchemy,
maintaining its own symbolic language and cosmology, is
the province of the rare few who are initiated into its secrets.

— Margaret Fisher (from Vol. LXIX)

The Image ofthe Alchemist

Their clothes be bawdy and worn thread-bare...

— Sir George Ripley, The Compound of Alchemy, 1652

The public perception of alchemy has varied greatly
throughout time. In the West, the discipline has at times
been trumpeted as a great restorative, capable of curing ills
beyond the limitations of science; while at other times it has
been called the Devil's Art. Some have viewed alchemy as
little more than fraud and the craft of swindlers, and re-
garded alchemists with scorn and disdain.

Many alchemists considered themselves Christians,
and many Christian mystics dabbled with alchemical lan-
guage: Christ Himself was held by some to be the perfect
Philosopher's Stone. The established Church, however,
frowned upon alchemy, as alchemists looked to their own
art, and not to the church, for salvation.

Some argue that the word "gibberish" comes from the
name Geber (the medieval rendering of Jabir ibn Hayyan), a
Muslim alchemist whose works reached some prominence
in Europe — evidence of the mockery to which alchemy has
been subjected.

— Miriam Detwiler (from Vol. LXX)

Alchemy Across the World

My teacher used to say that if one wished for perpetual life
one should diligently take the great medicines, and if one desired
to communicate with the gods and spirits one should use solutions
of metals.... One will also be able to enter the presence of the
powers and principalities of the heavens, and the deities of the
earth, as well as having the spirits of all the mountains and rivers
in one's service.

— Ko Hung, circa A.D. 300

Alchemy is typically discussed in Western terms, using
Greek or Latin vocabulary to refer to European or Classical
western authors or alchemists, and incorporating Western
philosophies in its teachings. The discipline is generally
perceived in its Hermetic vehicle, born of Hellenistic Egypt.
While it is natural for a western audience to accept this, it


should also be understood and appreciated that the practice
of alchemy is not limited to the descendents of Greece and
Alexandria. Alchemy's history goes back just as far — if not
farther — in the Orient as it does the Occident.

Dar al-Islam: Alchemy has ancient roots in the
Islamic world. Its origins can be traced from Adam to the
ancient masters and prophets through Aristotle, Socrates,
Galen, et al.; the art itself was endorsed by the Prophet,
Muhammad, as a vehicle of grace. Muslim scholars helped
preserve many Greek texts which would have otherwise
been lost during the European Dark Ages. Muslim alche-
mists were responsible for many of their own interpretations
and innovations, a number of which were transmitted to
Europe in the 12th century. Alchemy is even now practiced
as a traditional science in a number of the smaller villages of
the Islamic world. (For more discussion of Islamic alchemy,
q-v. Smythe, Vol. LX, and Davies, this Vol.)

India: In India, alchemy is called rasayana — the way
of essences. Nagarjuna, the semilegendary father of Indian
alchemy, is thought to have lived for 800 years. According
to Vedantic philosophy, the gross elements of the manifest

world are ultimately reintegrated into the Absolute, and the
Indian alchemists strive to analogically mimic this within
their laboratories. In addition to the typical mineral/veg-
etable substances used in most western practices, Indian
alchemists also use semen and blood. Buddhist alchemy
relies more upon internal processes than mercurial ones.
(For more discussion of Indian alchemy, q.v. D'Souza, Vols.
LXXIII, LXXV, and LXXVI, and references contained

therein.)

China: Records of alchemical practices trace back to
the second century B.C. Chinese alchemy is rooted in Taoist
philosophy, ch'i (or qi), the breath of the universe, which
permeates all things, as well as the reconciliation of oppo-
sites in yin and yang. Instead of the Philosopher's Stone,
Chinese alchemy's goal was the Pill of Immortality, which
not only conferred physical immortality but also ensured a
place in the celestial hierarchy. Those who do attain the Pill
become immortals (Asien), and still wander the earth, only
recognized by fellow alchemists. Tai ch'i chuan, the Chinese
martial art typically associated with the elderly — a gross
misappreciation — is a Taoist yoga which cultivates the

eT a att al

\
is
G


ch'i; Tai ch'i is then a physical form of alchemy. (For more
information on Chinese alchemy, see Chan, Vol. LXXVI.)

The relationship of the various non-western forms of
alchemy to each other and to the west is debatable. Cer-
tainly, Islamic alchemical practice had an effect upon the
development of European alchemy. Likewise, China and
India are believed to have influenced each other, and the
Islamic world as well. Although the various traditions grew
up individually, dependent upon their own cultures and
cosmologies, it would be naive to assume that there were no
connections between the variations.

— Sandeep D'Souza (from Vol. LXXVII)

GameUsesandCosts

Alchemy is one of the Paths of Hedge Magic. Although
the Hedge Magic system is discussed fully in Ascension's
: Right Hand, basic information is repeated below.

The Path of Alchemy, like other Hedge Magic Paths,
| has a dot rating from one to five. Each rating is a general
g® indication of how much the alchemist comprehends and is
g capable of performing; it does not represent quantifiable
abilities at the alchemist's command. These specific abilities
are represented in Hedge Magic by Rituals; the Rituals of
Alchemy are more properly called Formulae, with each
Formula capable of producing certain reactions or effects.
Formulae vary from tradition to tradtion, and indeed from
alchemist to alchemist; Alchemy is a personal art, and its
manipulations are often altered to correspond with the

=e As indicated, Alchemy
4, Must either be taught by an
« There must, however, be some intelle

« Alchemical Path tofunction. 7 = ‘
€. In order to advance to'a pew levél: alchemist characte
lave, in addition to the Alchemy Path, both the @ceult:
wv Ichemy and the Occult. Science: Astrology. These are b
knowledges; the former i is the intellectual working of the.

the latter is necessary to- » determine atte pooper time be a
st workings.

i Alcheinist characters must have Knowlkidge ratings in both ¢
" sgult Sciences equal to the Alchemical Path level to which they asp
, ‘A character wishing to rise to a Path rating of three must have'

Science: Adchemy and Occult Science; Astrology three. as: well:

~ . Rising inghe Path of ‘Alchemy i is n@t easy, bug:
immortality.

TheAlchomicaliaberatery Be

Alchemy is a Path with extensive use of foci; any aichemigt wh
aspires to mastery of the craft must. have at least the followi
equipment: a i ;

° Fugnace: The alchemist maker sola use of heat j
operations, whether distilling or Si oid hg; she fy
regulating, or it may even be a
, constantly monitored). * vi
i © Distilling vegsels: AleMemists are chin purify

using the process of distillation. An alembic isa cog
a heated liquid causes vapor to rise to the cooling ° . :
to be directed down a long spout. personality or desires of the alchemist.
* Mortar & pestle: Alchemists must whe sgridiea Most Effects require extended rolls, or one to three days
. the mortar & parse are mon tools for this Plirpose. eof of work per level of the Formulae attempted. The difficulty
* Measuring device: Of course, an alchentigg must measuir's the" ofsuch rolls is the Path level + 4, and the amount of successes
materials with whicki as working, which rey the use iPaper or determines the purity (and effectiveness) of the result.
a laboratory balance. ~ "3 < oe Alchemy costs only seven points to begin, and each
© Altar: Many altheMmists insist ue an alti must be pe ing new dot includes one Formula of that Path level. These
the laboratory, for the Great Work is a Sacted art. 4\.a©° Formulae cost three "Freebie Points" to purchase, and three
Even in the 20th century, mgst alchemists will use ' me —_ times the level of the Path to buy with experience. A level
equipment that their medieval ancestors employed; the pn . three Formula would then cost nine points, while a first level

* quality mf be better, but the technology remains the same,,Som "x, Formula would only require three experience points. Each
*alchemists have begun to experiment with updating the labo Ry tt Formula requires one Willpower point to produce.
employ more modern tools and equipment. —
see The alchemist' s lab may be located anywhere, but private p
e preferted, in order to avoid both suspicious neighbo
Taiseeactg ms. Attics or basements are common Ided€ic
alchemist's laboratory. %

Fifects ;

Although Alchemy is primarily the art of purifying the
soul, many other effects have developed from its practice —
some helpful, some harmful. Such products may have been
developed intentionally or accidentally discovered. Re-
member that these elixirs and substances are byproducts; no
matter how dramatic they may be, they are always ancillary
to the true goal of the alchemist. See the Paths of Herbalism
and Enchantment for other possible Effects.

Roll: Intelligence + Alchemy Costs 1 Willpower

¢ Minor substances can be created, such as simple
poisons, tranquilizers, anesthetics or even stimulants —

NE we

$8 HALts oF THE ARCANUM


Pe ae

nothing that is obviously "magical" or "supernatural" in
effect. Lesser healing potions can be created. At each level
of Alchemy, a more powerful healing Formula can be cre-
ated, using the levels of the Healing Path, discussed in
Ascension's Right Hand, as guidelines.

— A liquid which, when imbibed, removes minor
Health Level penalties (through Injured) until the indi-
vidual is wounded again or heals.

— A powder which, combined with an alcoholic bev-
erage, allows one to instantaneously dispel the effects of
drunkenness.

*°© More powerful versions of level one Formulae may
be attempted. Formulae which affect the consumer's insight
may also be created, granting visions or dreams.

— A powder which grants the consumer a vision; the
vision is always clothed in symbolic language, and may
either portend future events or show previously unknown
aspects of a current situation.

— A liquid which will allow the consumer to go. an
entire week with only one hour's sleep per night.

eee At this level, true "supernatural" effects can be
attempted. For example, Alchemists can create substances
which temporarily grant the consumer psychic abilities.
Metals and other substances with obvious effects — typi-
cally either healing or damaging — may be created as well,
although these will have limited lifespans.

— A metal may be altered so that a small weapon
(either a dagger or a handful of bullets) will do aggravated
damage against a supernatural creature.

— A liquid may be created so that the consumer has a
Psychic Numina (different Phenomena require different
Formulae) for the remainder of a scene.

eee More powerful version of lower Formulae may be

created, along with substances which temporarily increase ©

an Ability or Attribute by one or two dots.

— A powder which, during the turn following its
consumption, grants the consumer an additional dot to both
Manipulation and Expression for the remainder of a scene.

— A liquid which, when applied to the eyes, grants the
user the ability to see through the Shroud for one turn (see
Wraith: The Oblivion).

eeeee At this level, an alchemist can create sub-
stances which allow temporary replication of other
supernatural abilities, e.g., vampiric Disciplines or werewolf
Gifts. (The Spheres of True Magick cannot be duplicated,
however.) More dramatic versions of lower Formulae may be
created as well. These typically last for one turn per success
and cannot exceed the second level of the Discipline or Gift.

— A regenerative powder which, when consumed,
allows the user to regenerate levels of damage slowly (one
level every other turn) for the duration of a story.

. Formulae vary in "form and fii¥
gt Alchemical Formulae, keep thefol lowing consi
yt ¢ Form: Alchemical products may exist in a varietfof foi ot
wax, powder, etc. In many respects, form is é jrrelevent, but sir
must often be ingested, a form suitable for' ceonsumption is is best.
) Lifespan: Alchemical < creations have vax ing lifespans.' eorett
* cally, a product may last indefinitely, until it is used: Same, howey t tpiny
ree only: moments — until the liquid cools or thé wax
example. Remember that alchemists typically work fori

~ they are nét §s-production: facilities of areane liqui
* Arcanum does not have a $t me
its members use.
° Duration: The effects + Alc

some last only fora few, mromerit %
Formulae 4nay create elixirs or p
effects, such as hours, ‘Gays, oF
researched and experimented HH

© Components: Some fof
which may be rare, expensive, or quite difficult
‘are usually irrelevent for game purposes, bu
alchemist characters to procure. =~. # ~

© Creation Time: ‘more complex. the
takes to create. Creattn/tmes vary, but most exe
one month per Formula, |

Do not get wra up in "the eystems of Alchemical Fi
consider instead their ee in storieg Instead of trying to dete
above consjderations foreach and every Formula, assume a defai
"form, indefinite lifespan, instant effect, ‘negligible components
week to'create. Variety should be provided to spice eng upy:
P i mechgnics difficult or rintecogpumnings

a a otf

" Ae A

— An elixir (requiring at leat five blood-points of
vampire's vitae) which allows the user to use one of the
Kindred's Disciplines for one turn per success.

Formulae "above" level five exist; they are the pinnacle
of the alchemical tradition. These are the most mysterious
and sought after Formulae, including the Philosopher's
Stone, which is required for any attempts to attain immor-
tality or transmutation. Whether the Formulae still exist in
written form, or if there a teacher who knows them, is a
mystery left up to the Storyteller.

Some argue that there are other high level Formulae
which result in the Awakening of the Alchemist's Avatar;
this is a true irony, because as one climbs in mastery of any
Path, it becomes harder to Awaken the Sleeper. Only the
highest Formulae, which both unify and transcend the
workings of Alchemy, are capable of resolving this paradox.

~~ &

Appenpix One: Atcuemy, THE GReat Ant 99


Appendix Iwo:

Beh AS we

Ae

25

am

Artifacts

So I say to you, ask, and it will be given to you; seek,
and you will find; knock, and it will be opened to you.
— The Gospel according to Luke 11:9

These bygone relics are highly sought by the Arcanum:
not only are they often tangible evidence of the reality of
myth, but they frequently possess great power. Such artifacts
found on Arcanum missions are typically sent to the Foun-
dation House, where they are catalogued and stored.
Sometimes exceptions will be made; Arcanists do not al-
ways report lesser findings immediately.

The following artifacts are graded according to their
relative power — one through five, to correspond with the
Artifacts Background. These can either be used as created,

100 Hatis oF tHE AncaNuM

or can serve as guidelines for the creation of other such
telics.

*MentatStones

A variety of these stones are known to exist, each with
different properties or strengths; they are all said to aid
psychics in their mental workings. The most common stones
are either Inhibitors or Matrices:

Matrix: This stone allows the psychic to better focus his
abilities; carrying a Matrix lowers the difficulty of Psychic
Phenomena rolls by 1.

Inhibitor: This stone interferes with psychic activity.
Those carrying an Inhibitor are somewhat protected from


psychic interference: the use of any psychic affinity which

_ would directly affect the bearer has the difficulty increased
by I.

Stones with different or more powerful effects may

exist, but these would require higher ranks (¢® through
eecee ).

** Shadow Cloak

This black cloak makes the wearer almost invisible in
darkness or shadow; she automatically has three dots (or
three additional dice) of Stealth when traveling in dim
light. Of course, wearing a cloak in public will draw atten-
tion to you, and Shadow Trenchcoats have not yet been
created.

Faerie Ring

This intricately wrought silver ring indicates the bless-
ing of the fae; whoever wears it is considered a friend of the
fae folk and will be welcomed by them; likewise, the ring's
bearer may be sought by the fae in times of need. The Faerie
Ring increases the difficulty of fae magic (called Glamour)
used against the wearer by 2.

*°** SilverChalice

A small number of these Chalices have been found;
each time, the finder usually believes he has discovered the
Holy Grail. Although the Chalice's finders have eventually
been disappointed, these are still powerful and important
items.

Drinking pure spring water from a Chalice while stand-
ing on holy ground — of any religious tradition — will
immediately heal all damage the drinker has sustained,
aggravated or not. This may be done only once each full
moon, however, and it is said that a man once healed by the
Chalice can never benefit from it again.

Crusader's Sword

A number of relics exist which fit this description, all
created in the days of the Crusades. A bone-splinter from a
saint is generally imbedded in the hilt of the sword. The
reversed hilt and quillons of the sword count as a holy
symbol when used by one of True Faith against the super-
natural, channeling the power of Heaven and igniting the
blade with holy power, adding one die of damage per Faith
roll success. Wounds caused by these weapons, when wielded
by one with True Faith, are aggravated. While bearing these
blades, the Faithful also receive the Iron Will Merit, unless
the wielder already has it. Such swords also provide a Faith
bonus of + 1.

Crusaders' swords are medieval broadswords: a three-
foot long blade with a nine-inch hilt. These heavy weapons
require a Strength 2 to carry, 3 or better to wield (Difficulty
7). The weapon causes Strength + 5 damage, and this is
aggravated damage in the right hands. The weapon radiates
an aura of Faith that is immediately discernible to Kindred

Bonen eeen iene tiny


who possess Auspex (appearing as a nimbus of golden
flame). In close range of this sword, Kindred sweat blood.

The Arcanum owns five variants of the Crusader's
sword; The Society of Leopold is believed to have three such
swords in its possession. Others are known to exist, but
cannot be accounted for.

GireaterRelics

But always in the quiet house I heard,

Clear as a lark, high o'er me as a lark,

A sweet voice singing in the topmost tower

To the eastward: up I climbed a thousand steps

With pain: as in a dream I seemed to climb

For ever: at the last I reached a door,

A light was in the crannies, and I heard,

"Glory and joy and honour to our Lord

And to the Holy Vessel of the Grail."

— Tennyson, "The Holy Grail"

Greater Relics are those items so powerful that they
defy systems convention; Arcanists may devote their entire
lives and careers to the quest for these.

The Quest for any Greater Relic should not be an easy
task. The seeker must first prove herself by passing through
a number of tests. She will ultimately be transformed by
even the slightest glimpse of the Greater Relic, although in
many cases the quest is more important than the goal itself.

The following represent some of the Greater Relics
which are commonly sought:

The Holy Grail

This is the chalice used by Christ at the Last Supper,
later used by Joseph of Arimathea to collect the Lord's blood
as it dripped off the Cross. The Quest for the Grail is the
focus of much medieval literature. A glimpse of the Grail is
a glimpse of Heaven.

Durandal

Durandal was the sword of Roland, one of Charlemagne's
Paladins. Hector of Troy once wielded the weapon, and it is
so powerful that no metal has yet been created that can resist
it. The sword disappeared sometime after Roland's death,
and is said to be somewhere in Arabia.

The Cauldron of Annwn

There are many tales of the Cauldron, located in the
Otherworld, which detail its powers of healing; a corpse
placed in it was said to be brought back to life, although
lacking the power of speech. Some tales link the Cauldron
with the Grail; whether they are different manifestations of
the same principle or two distinct items has yet to be
resolved

102 Hatis oF THe ARCANUM

Suggested Readings

Those who know do not say;
Those who say do not know.
— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching

Halls of the Arcanum is about knowledge, so we would
be remiss in not providing some suggested readings:

Miscellaneous Books:

— Knowledge and the Sacred, by Seyyed Hossein Nasr.
This work, by a prominent Islamicist and proponent of the
Perennial Philosophy, discusses the eclipse of the sapiential
dimension and sacred knowledge.

— Hamlet's Mill, by Giorgio de Santillana, discusses
the interrelation of myth and science in the transmission of
cosmology and culture.

— Alchemy, by E.J. Holmyard, is a reliable (if some-
what dry) text on the history of the alchemical tradition.

— Oriental Magic, by Idries Shah and Chinese Al-
chemy, byJ.C. Cooper, are useful books for anyone interested
in the Eastern world of mysticism and magic.

— The Magician's Companion, by Bill Whitcomb, is
a compendium of magical and occult symbols, ideas, and
languages; with its illustrations and diagrams, it is a must for
anyone who wants to bring more a visually authentic feel to
their game.

— Lost Continents, by L. Sprague de Camp, discusses
myths of Atlantis and other lost lands.

— A History of Secret Societies, by Arkon Daraul. A
collection of historic secret societies which can be incorpo-
rated into the World of Darkness.

— Both The Atlas of Legendary Places and The
Time-Life Encyclopedia of Mysterious Places are useful for
anyone interested in the mythic or legendary landscape as
well as places of archeological significance.

— The History of Magic and the Occult, by Kurt
Seligmann, and A History of Magic, by Richard Cavendish,
are both useful overviews of the field.

— For those interested in "secret histories," conspira-
cies, and assorted paranoiac readings, look at Holy Blood,
Holy Grail and The Sign and the Seal.

— The Encyclopedia of Mysticism and Mystery Re-
ligions, edited by John Ferguson, and the Encyclopedia of
the Unexplained, edited by Richard Cavendish, are essen-
tial reference works.

— The Dictionary of the Khazars is a fun and enlight-
ening romp through history, myth and legend, presented in
a unique format: three dictionaries, each with slightly differ-
ent entries on the same subjects, each dictionary showing a
Christian, Muslim, or Jewish bias.

Series or Collections:

— Myths and Legends. The importance of myth should
not be forgotten, particularly in Arcanum games. Read


about mythology in general, through the works of Joseph
Campbell, or read it directly: the Mabinogion, the
Shahnamah, Parzival, Gilgamesh, the Mahabharata, etc.

— The Encyclopedia of Religion, edited by Mircea
Eliade. A monumental reference work on all aspects of
religion, from tribal shamanism to mainstream beliefs to the
occult, this is the source to look for. Salient parts of this
multi-volume work are excerpted in Hidden Truths: Magic,
Alchemy and the Occult, edited by Lawrence Sullivan.

— Man, Myth & Magic: The Illustrated Encyclopedia
of Mythology, Religion and the Unknown. Edited by
Richard Cavendish, the title of this multi-volume reference
work says it all.

— The "Elements of" Series. This is a library of small
but comprehensive books detailing a number of aspects of
the mystery traditions. The Elements of Alchemy, by
Cherry Gilchrist, is particularly useful, but other books
discuss the Celtic tradition, Dreamwork, the Druid tradi-
tion, the Grail legend, and more. As in any series, some
books are more reliable than others. ;

— The Writings of H.P. Lovecraft. Many of Lovecraft's
works deal with the slow dawning revelation of a hideous
knowledge. Almost anything of his is recommended. Be-
yond the obvious works ("The Call of Cthulhu" and The
Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath), the following are useful:
"The Tomb," "Facts Concerning the Late Arthur Jermyn
and his Family," "The Nameless City," "Under the Pyra-
mids," and a personal favorite, "The Statement of Randolph
Carter." In fact, anything concerning Randolph Carter is
useful reading.

— Time-Life Mysteries of the Unknown. This series
of many volumes are not works of great scholarship. How-
ever, they are fun to flip through for ideas (as well as lots of
visual clues from the photos and paintings), particularly:

© Secrets of the Alchemists

© Ancient Wisdom and Secret Sects

e Eastern Mysteries

© Magical Arts

© Mystic Places

— Encyclopedia sets (preferably Brittanica, Ameri-
cana, or Collier). You'd be amazed at what you can find in
so common a source.

Tone, Atmosphere and Inspiration:

— Hayward Sanitarium. This extended audioplay is a
bit corny, but lots of fun. A well-executed labor of love by
Last Minute Productions, Hayward Sanitarium sums up some
of the more exciting possibilities of an Arcanum Chronicle.
Available on a series of tapes, this audioplay can be ordered
through Last Minute Productions, P.O. Box 217,
Bloomington, IN 47402-0217, or by calling (812) 824-
2400.

Roleplaying Games

— Call of Cthulhu, from Chaosium. The word on
playing hapless investigators of the supernatural; the entire
run is excellent, and main book offers valuable advice on
setting the mood for supernatural-themed games.

— Nephilim, also from Chaosium; this is an excellent
interpretation of the Western mystery tradition, and is
useful for anyone interested in grand conspiracies, the oc-
cult, and secret societies.

— The World of Indiana Jones, from West End
Games, contains useful and interesting resource material on
archaeology and world cultures, particularly during the
1930s and '40s.

— Fables: These include books that are neither en-
tirely fact nor entirely fiction; they draw upon a variety of
concepts, and use them to tell tales of personal significance
and universal value.

© The Alchymist's Journal, by Evan S. Connell

® The Alchemist, by Paolo Coelo

© That Hideous Strength, by C.S. Lewis (an interest-
ing blend of theology and science fiction).

103

Appenpix Twa: Antiracts

=

sate ty


Brae eh Sia em ne - S Ee a i ae rae ok SLS= Si a nk SS e

TLL

Legend:

A. Library E Solarium
B. Parlor G. Pantry
C. Dining Room H. Storage
D. Kitchen |. Stairs

E. Office J. Porch

104 Haits oF THE ARCANUM First Floor

‘Lie oe a a ~~ a ae — os 4 ee ee eS —_ —- ~ a f= _ ee
Me og eee ie er SS eS al ES he ee


Legend:

A. Bedroom E. Faux Porch
B. Gallery F. Closet

C. Bathroom G. Hall

D. Stairs

Appenoix Two: Artiracts 105 %
4 Sti eee pcan = Yat; e = ¥


Legend:

A. Dining Chamber
B. Chapel

C. Office

D. Conference

E. Kitchen

F. Great Hall

G. Sitting Room
H. Drawing Room
|. Parlor

J. Court

K. Stairs

Second Floor

Legend:

A. Axis Mundi Library
B. Computer Center
C. Conference Room
D. Study

E. Seminar Room

F. Overlooking Court
G. Preservation Office
H. Librarian's Office
I. Stairs


BED

ROOM

PARLOR

BED ROOM

BED ROOM

—_

Large Arcanum Chapter House - New York City

ELEVATOR.

REC ROOM

GUEST ROOM

GUEST a |

GYM

l a Le

f°

BED

PARLOR

ROOM

BED
ROOM

ro

BED
ROOM

PARLOR

PARLOR

Mezzanine Level

STORAGE

SECURITY PUBLIC
hae

ELEVATOR

BALLROOM

vas Oo}
a
fe) Ce)
: THE HALL
KITCHEN
fe) Ce)
o oO o| (9
DINING HALL as CONVERSATION ROOM
PARLOR
OFFICE

First Floor

Appennix Two: Antiracts 107


Sez

a> 5

i |,
\
‘it
'
4

= 75 wo

\

Ce

-)
See tee

CONFERENCE
ROOM

74 wk

PARLOR

WRITING ROOM MANIN HALL SEMINAR, | OFFICE

LIBRARY

‘i Second Ficor

2s.

-@
i S$eess

<

= ms wk

se

\
be

Hatts of the ARCANUM


Hidden Lore Uncovered:
The Missing Textfrom

Ascension's RightHand
Faerie Gompanion: (3 pt Merit)

You have a faerie companion, a friend and associate
who's one of the wee folk — the changelings. Perhaps he is
a Muse of yours, or your creativity feeds his craving for
dreams. In any case, this fae companion tends to stay out of
sight to avoid the humans, but he has a number of minor
magical abilities which he will occasionally use to your
benefit when you're in a jam. Of course, your companion
may well expect favors from you in return for his generous,
if quixotic, aid.

The primary benefit of your faerie companion, how-
ever, is the advice he gives you and the access he can
sometimes grant to the ancient faerie realms. In an extreme
emergency, your companion might even hide you away in
the faerie realms for a time! Beware this offer, however. One
never knows the truth behind such an offer, and the price for
the trip could be steep indeed!

Shapechanger Kin: (4 ptMerit)

By some quirk of fate, you are closely related to one of
Gaia's Chosen, a werewolf, -cat, -raven, -hear or perhaps
even one of the more mysterious breeds. The Changing
Blood has not stirred in you, but it has left its mark. You are
immune to the Delirium, the madness that claims those who
see a werebeast's Crinos form in full Rage, and favored by
those among the Changing Breed you're Kin to. This doesn't
mean that you know their secrets, or that you can lead your
mage to their sacred caern without retribution, but you have

a certain edge when dealing with the Chosen that no normal
mortal can match.

Aside from the immunity to the Delirium, this Merit
has no special system significance. You have a good chance
to know some Garou Lore, though, and may share some
common contacts and allies. You will probably claim some
degree of affection from your relative's tribe and some
animosity from their enemies. Kinfolk from the other chang-
ing breeds have an especially hard time with this Merit.
Highly prized as breeding stock, mortal relatives of the
Corax, Bastet and Gurahl are so rare that their benevolent
cousins often go overboard when protecting them — to the
extent of forbidding them at claw's length from doing
something dangerous!

Ghoul: (5 ptMerit)

At some point in time, a vampire fed you some of her
potent vitae, possibly Bonding you into service. Somehow,
you broke free (possibly with the help of your new master),
but the blood's force has granted you some of your mistress'
power. In addition to a vague knowledge of vampiric society
(one dot of Vampire Lore), you age slowly, have an extra
automatic success on any Strength roll you make, and inflict
an additional die of damage with all hand-to-hand attacks.
(If your game integrates the Vampire rules, you have a Blood
Pool, a dot in Potence and the potential to buy and use other
Disciplines).

This does not come without cost, however. You must
continue to feed on vampire blood occasionally, otherwise
you will regain your mundane mortality and crave forever
the sweet rush of your former mistress' essence. Should you
revert (after going a month or more without the sacred
vitae), you will lose your supernatural might forever.

Appenpix Two: ARtiFActs 111

~——

boa

z,


Ps . ? sit x 4% . FP ¥ es ~ sci ate at
Upon the walls, oe
Eccentric scholars or visionary mystics? Harmless seekers of ancient lore, or delvers into
forbidden mysteries? Who are the detectives of the Arcanum, and what do they seek? Wher-
ever the werewolf howls, the demon corrupts, or the vampire feeds, there the Arcanum can
be found: its members are poets, dreamers, philosophers — anyone who has seen beyond

the veil. Their motivations hidden, they are an enigma, with much to
teach the World of Darkness... ..** °"~ =. and much to learn.

But shadows sometimes

bite back...

Halls of the Arcanum explores the history, beliefs, methods and suspicions of mortals
probing secrets best lett alone. It includes:

® Rules for creating Arcanum characters, and ways to use them in Chronicles.

© Ready-to-use templates tor players and Storytellers, and chapter house
floorplans tor this elusive group.

e | listory. motivations, factions, secrets and more.
Fe Wake Me ULLARANO HIMBA
eget, STE LO

J 4
on EPARASIONS CHES ISBN 1-56504-43 1-2
oi Ut WW 4009 $12.00

, . onndaa
AY 2 9"780565'044312
