# File: Hammer & Klaive.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

~

Z

» & Player Sovreebook for Werewolf: The Aporahise'.

[seme |
AEAEROG

,

BY SEAN RILEY
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN HAGEN

nies i. SS

ad
Author: Sean Riley. Werewolf and the World of

Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen
Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen

Developer: Ethan Skemp VA
Editor: Aileen E. Miles
a Art Director: Aileen E. Miles
Art: John Bridges, Jeff Holt, Leif Jones, Jeff Rebner
Cover Art: Steve Prescott
Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
: 1554 LTTONDR
Pe NE STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
er' | 30083 |

USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage
the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness, Exalted, and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White
WolfPublishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity, Hammer
and Klaive, Kinfolk Unsung Heroes, Players Guide to Garou, Players Guide to the Changing Breeds, Tribebook Glass
Walkers and Werewolf Storytellers Companion are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is
advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

: Hammer and Klaive
_ ee eee a

Contents
Legend of the Garoy: The Fiett Kbee
hoprodcthor: Wardt Wegtomy,
Capper Ove: Object Of Worth (Fetithat to Sociay)
Dapper Tivo: Born to Virleant Piva (Fetth Creation)
Dhapper Ttree: Pheces of Sptrtt (Saruphe Fetihat)
Dapper Four: Foner Enbodhed (Legendary Fetihat)

Contents

ee eee

fete hn ttoty
INEUILOS,

S&R A

60
110

NS
|

—

BRIDES) Sb


the First Klaive

There's not yet been a cub born that can keep his
mouth shut. If there has, I don't know about him. And
if there isa shut cub up trap out there, then I'll tell you,
those teeth don't belong to any Ahroun. You hear all
about the yappy Rags, so | figure it's time for me to start
telling the morons about the drone a young Ahroun
can make. About what he's going to do, how he's going
to do it; and when he doesn't do it as he inevitably
won't, how he's going to do it next time. I know all this,
because if it hadn't been for my dear Mum pushing me
outa week early, I'd be one of them. And if that hadn't
happened, and you think I'm wordy now, you'd be set
to kill me already.

Alexander Wyrmripper, our Ahroun in question,
sent the screechingsentiment echoing around the room.

"The poofters! Fucking poofs! Don't they care,
Bazza? We've got the bloody Leech cult on the ropes,
when they come down from on high to tell us to get out
of town, they do. When I get my claws on their necks—
"|''ll spare you the rest. Needless to say, he's not happy.
Neither am I, buta cliath shrieking like a banshee isn't
working like an aspirin for me.

The Gytrash are the pack that Alex is busy whin-
ing about, and they didn't just call us out for a chat over
tea and crumpets, like any sensible mob would do. No,

instead they called us out and told us to be ready for a
fight, unless we liked the idea of our necks throttled by
our own large intestines. Whilst the intestines re-
mained in their proper place, and while we weren't
going to let them tell stories of us running with our tails
between our legs, I didn't fancy being praised for
murdering another pack of Gaia's own.

Eventually the prattle gets past my bullshit toler-
ance level, and I snap back out, "Alex, if you break my
eardrums, I'll break your testicles. And right now, your
rabbiting has pushed these things onto very thin ice.
So I'd start working on shutting up, or guarding your
nads. Now have I made myself perfectly clear?" I've
never understood why this threat still works on us
types. When we shuffle up to our big size, we ain't got
any material worth speaking about anyway, and yet
you try it on any boy with a fur on him and he still goes
a little wobbly around the edges. The two-legged ones
anyway, the dogs seem to get the whole idea about
swapping bodies better, or maybe they're just not so
worried about the threat.

Either way, it works a right trick on Alex, giving
my ears some blessed respite and giving Little Oliver a
giggle. Despite the name, Oliver's a girl. The name was
given to her when she used to hang around pubs and

Legends of the Garou: The First Klaive


look for fights. She's still got a nice face if you can
ignore the broken nose. Admirable attitude for an
Ahroun, though, and since she's a girl it means I don't
get the testosterone overdose Alex loves to spout off.

But it still means we're a pack of two Ahroun,
neither of 'em old enough to drink, and a Galliard.
Tempers fly fast in this pack, even for wolves, and
that's the last thing we need, so I have to put the pair
of em downas fast as I can. "None of us puts any claws
anywhere today, unless I give you a written invitation.
We're not going to kill them. Calling us out or not, I'm
not spilling Gaia's blood today."

Alex spat at that, pointing to the side of my hip.
"Bullshit. Why'd you bring along that ruddy great
sword, if you weren't intending to use it?"

This deserves some explaining. See, what he was
pointing to at the side of my hip was a forearm's length
of silver, engraved with four bold sigils on each side and
covered in tiny glyphs along the edges. If you read one
side, you read its history. If you read the other side, then
you read its name. But apparently, young Alex hadn't
bothered with either, or he'd have been ready for my
next move. I sprung to my feet, and planted my fist
solidly in his gut. If I'd had an ounce less self-control,
I'd have lived on my promise to remove the two parts
of his thinking process more important than the two
lobes of his brain.

Inan instant, the boy had his claws out and his fur
on. Thankfully, I knew he would and instead of seeing
a balding geezer with one too many knocks around his
jaw, he saw ten solid foot of muscle staring him down.
Two looks, and his better instincts had kicked in, and
his tail had curled itself around his thigh. When he got
back down, I'd pulled loose the blade, and began the
lesson. Frankly, I'm older, and I've got the responsibil-
ity to do it. Like him or not, teaching this poor bastard
is my job.

"{ thought I heard you call this a sword. In fact, I
know I did. Listen here, and listen well. Swords aren't
created from the very eye of a goddess, torn from her
face while she cried for the death of her brother. They
aren't forged on the summit of Agned." I snarled, the
Rage an inch below the surface of my harsh whisper.
"This is Camma's Tearful Eye. Passed down from
Charlie Stoneheart to Victoria Fire Talker to Win-
chester Will, and then to me."

Alex hadn't moved. Neither had Oliver. I don't
think either of them had ever quite realized that, pack
or not, I could direct my anger at them in exactly the
same way | could anyone else. Time to cool down
though. Even if I'd gotten them to the point where'd
they'd mind their heads, it'd do me no good if | lost my
own first.

"And you've gotten me pissed off for two reasons
now. The first is that you called Camma's Tearful Eye
a sword, and she deserves much better than that. The
second is that you clearly don't know one thing about
klaives, and that means | need to start at the begin-
ning. And the beginning is a Silver Fang story, and I
hate spilling a kind breath out of my gob for the damn
Ruskies. So keep your ears open, because I won't repeat
myself."

And so I began telling it.

"Strange days." Wind-howl remarked, her eyes
wavering, yet only a little confused at the strange new
world about them. Of all the creatures, only the Garou
looked about with any certainty in these times. Some-
thing had happened. Everyone knew what — the
world had been split asunder. Spirit had been ripped
bleeding from the flesh that housed it, creating the
world that all see today, and the Umbra most don't. No
one knew who— maybe none even suspected what we
know today. The Wyrm did this. The Wyrm had
finally ended his time as Gaia's brother and had instead
declared himself Her enemy. Remember that the count-
less prophecies that proclaim Gaia's death, the endless
dirges sung to Her while she still hears; none of these
had been spoken in those days, when the notion of real
death was only on the tip of everyone's tongue, yet to
fall from it and become a thought.

In these days, the Garou were custodians of Gaia
and the world, first and foremost. Newborn from the
blood of animals, plants and creation, spirits had yet to
find their feet. In these days, even the trees bled.
Animals too fell and stumbled, instincts not yet formed,
deaf to the spirits that once guided them.

Only the Garou looked about with any certainty
in these times. Gaia had blessed them with both forms,
Gaia had kept them whole in an injured world. Only
the Garou, and those the Wyrm told before he acted.

Wind-howl, born after the half-moon and before
the full one, was the youngest member of her pack. Her
alpha was Ahroun, named Claws in the Still Night,
and he was strong and wise. She ran with Shadow and
with Firetooth, who were good and true. They were a
pack, made before packs had names, for names only
came with purpose, and none had been considered in
these days of newborn war.

Firetooth spoke, as he recoiled in horror. "Claws in
the Still Night, tell me, can you explain this?" For they
all looked at something else new. The spirits had been
born, and before them, a spirit lay dead. A tree's spirit,
a Glade Child, lay upon the forest floor, her golden
blood pooled around her.

6 Hammer and Klaive


Claws in the Still Night had his heart made heavy,
as did they all, but only he was brave enough to speak
andact. "Look!" He pointed to the bushes and the trees
and the silence. "Not a bird chirps around us. No
insects scurry back and forth. No scaled or furred
animals scurry in the grass, nor will even the snake
come and lap at her blood. They know as we do — A
blasphemy has been committed here.

"But!" He continued, his eyes filled of tears and
heart made hard with resolve. "If we do not act now,
many more will be committed. Gaia gave us noses to
track with, so let us track. She gave us minds to be
cunning with, therefore let us be cunning. And She
gave us claws to strike with, and as such, let us avenge."
And all his pack raised their heads and howled, for he
spoke truth.

So Firetooth sniffed the ground and found a scent,
and they followed it as far as they could. Shadow talked
to the spirits, and his gentle tone convinced the
frightened beings to help them, and convinced them
they would have the Garou's protection. This was a
great thing, as word travelled among the spirits of the
Garou's kindness and righteousness, and the newborn
spirits would for a long time after trust the Garou
without question. Wind-howl watched and learned,
and sung her howls of anger and war to the sky. This
was her, and their mistake.

Some say that Claws in the Still Night knew this,
but would not believe it, for he was wise yet was naive.
For all were naive of the danger that had been brought
against them, and none knew that the Wyrm had
turned against his Sister, and declared Her his enemy.
And whilst the Wyrm was weak in those days, small
and vulnerable, he was no less cunning or clever. He
heard those howls, and did not meet the challenge
they sent, but instead retreated and went into hiding.
And in the dark, he awaited the pack's arrival.

Claws in the Still Night led them into a glade
made horrible with blood. Three times three times
three Glade Children were butchered. Some had been
torn open and left carelessly upon the ground, others
had been dismembered, and their parts strewn among
the bushes. Three were pinned to trees by foul spears,
their forms contorted by the madness in the Wyrm's
eye. All wore masks of horror to their graves. In the
middle of this scene of carnage, his hands poised to
slaughter one more, stood a single walking desecra-
tion, the likes of which the Garou had never known
before. It, like them, was both spirit and flesh, but
unlike the joyous union that were the Garou, this was
a man stuffed rudely with a spirit. And it was a foul
spirit unlike any they had seen before. The man

gibbered with madness, and the spirit spat obscenities
and was unwholesome.

But he was only one man, even one they had not
seen the type of before. They were a pack of Gaia's
Chosen. And so they flew into battle, their wolf and
human skins shed for one of war, and they tore the man
apart for his sins. But the Wyrm was cunning. The
Garou could not even begin to understand his strategy,
for they thought as one and would not let their own
brother fall for any reason. Nor had they seen these
ploys before. However, the Wyrm would happily let
one of its own be killed so that more of its own may
murder. As the four Garou ran forward, seven more
closed around the pack, and their mouths grinned
murderously as they advanced upon them.

Though the pack fought bravely, they did not
know how to fight these horrors. Shadow cut apart one
of them, and his paws were burned in its blood. Firetooth
buried his fangs in one, and went cold before he died.
Claws in the Still Night died bravely, but for every
monster he slaughtered, the Wyrm sent three more.
One of the monsters broke off his own fingers and
forced them into Claws in the Still Night's mouth, and
they sprouted thorns in his throat. He died as his own
claws sank deep into his neck.

Only Wind-howl did they leave alive, and they
left her alive so that they could torture and defile her.
And they did this for six days and nights, her body
wracked in agony, her mind torn in shame.

Other than the Wyrm, two eyes saw her torment.
Until then innocent eyes of a Glade Child, the Glade
Child that Wind-Howl's quick blow had saved. When
her pack attacked, she fled into the trees and watched
as Gaia's Chosen were murdered and fell into golden
blood. She kept watching as Wind-Howl was kept
alive, and then, as the sixth night came close to dawn,
her tears went dark. This pure soul felt Wind-Howl's
Rage and took it into herself, and then, in a tearful
scream, the mighty tree she hid within died. It fell into
the clearing, and the Glade Child rushed forward and
snatched Wind-Howl from its path. Three of the
Wyrm's horrors died, crushed beneath the tree.

And the Glade Child took Wind-Howl away toa
river, where she washed herself clean of them and
soothed her parched throat. And there they talked.

The Glade Child spoke first, her words soft. Shame
tinted her white cheeks pink. "I'm sorry I didn't do
anything earlier." She whispered, "But I was scared.
There were many of them, and only one of me."

Wind-howl looked at her with fury in her eyes.
Rage tinted her cheeks red. "Six days." Her voice
trembled and shook, and the anger of the Gaia poured

Legends of the Garou: The First Klaive 7


from her mouth. "Six days you waited and watched,
and did nothing. Six nights they poured nightmares
into my mind, that I will never be rid of. And you did
nothing."

A silence built. Gaia bled. Finally, the Glade
Child looked back, and repeated her soft whisper. "I
am but one. And I am so small."

More silence haunted the air. Wind-howl fought
herself, running her fingers over the raw wounds that
bound her form, the scars that marred her once fair
face, her blood red skin. The Glade Child was small,
but no smaller than Wind-howl had been at the mercy
of the monsters' hands. Eventually she spoke, and her
voice carried Gaia's sorrow and pain. "We are all small
now. Yesterday, we all held power. Today, none but
one does. None but the Wyrm does."

And the Glade Child started at that, for she had
not realized that these monsters belonged to the
Wyrm. Wind-howl had stared into their faces, and had
seen the treachery there. She had no doubt. "What is
your name, Glade Child?"

And the Glade Child spoke her name. Wind-howl
stopped and listened, for her name was beautiful.

But the Glade Child was crying at Wind-howl's
words, and asked her, "Then is this all that will happen
forevermore? Will we be so small forever? Yesterday, |
gave birth to the leaves and flowers, today I am barren.
Yesterday, I suckled the squirrel and the bird at my
breast, today I am dry. Yesterday, I pulled the earth
with the strength of the forest, yet today I am so weak.
Will this always be so? Will I never have my strength
again?"

Wind-howl listened to the complaints, and sym-
pathized. "Yesterday, my claws were all that I would
ever need. They were strong and mighty, and tore apart
the beasts that would strike at the Mother. But today,
they are small and do no more than scratch the great
horrors before me. Yesterday, my teeth sank deep and
true, destroying the skin and devouring the blood of
the beasts that would strike at the Mother. But today,
they are small and do no more than irritate those they
strike at. Yesterday, 1 was Gaia's defender. Today, |
have failed my Mother. And I fear that I will never
defend Her again."

Silence reigned in at that river. Even the water
ceased bubbling and turning so that it might listen to
these sorrowful words.

Wind-howl poured her voice to the skies, and
Luna shone forth bright as her tears fell to the Earth
below. Sap poured like blood from the trees, yet no
insect dared to devour it. Those who listened closely
heard Gaia hold Her breath, as one of her champions
turned to the Glade Child. Though her form was cut

ce

with blood and scars, she held her head and body
proudly, and reached out her hand. "The world is
weaker today, and might be weaker tomorrow. But we
need not be weak with it. Your strength is hidden by
the Wyrm's treachery, and my strength is naught in the
face of his monsters. But come to me, and walk by my
side. Be my sword."

This startled the Glade Child, for the power of
these words scared her. They were new, and rang with
the power that such things possess. But she wasstartled,
not scared, and bravely stepped forward into the river
with Wind-howl.

So Wind-howl took her and made the Glade
Child into the shape of a sword, using the rocks made
hollow by the river as a mold. Then she sung again to
Luna, for the monsters had not touched her neck and
her voice was still as pure as a songbird's praise to the
dawn. A Lune came upon them both and put himself
in the sword as fire, and Wind-howl forged them both
into silver. And with a rock, she beat them into
sharpness, and with her claws she carved the Glade
Child's name into the side. And the sword was as
beautiful as the Glade Child had been, and it was
called a klaive.

She rose from the river, and again became as a
warrior. And now armed with the First Klaive, she
strode back toward the glade where she had been
tortured.

eee

I finished the tale and looked around a bit. Didn't
notice that Alex's and Oliver's clappers hadn't left me
since I did. Since no one was talking, I lit up a fag and
waited. The Gytrash would be here soon, and then it
would all come down to how well I could bluff.

Except, of course, the puppy dogs weren't about to
let me enjoy a nice quiet cigarette. Alex broke the
silence, "And?"

"And what?"

"And what? She went back there and what? She
and the klaive—"

"First Klaive." I stubbornly corrected.

"She and the First Klaive," He looked skywards as
he said it, proving he hadn't learned anything yet.
Figures, doesn't it? "Went back there and what? Tore
them apart limb from limb? Killed the lot of them ina
blaze of fury? Bazza, you've left the bloody story wide
open."

"Hell no!" I scoffed. My fag had gone out. While
I tried to relight it, I told them both the truth. "She was
killed in about three minutes of returning."

That detail never fails to get the same reaction
every time. They looked bloody appalled.

8 Hammer and Klaive


Oliver spoke up for the first time, "But... that's
horrible, it is! She's raped for six days, escapes, and
then there's no revenge or nothing, just she gets
murdered? What's the point of a story like that? Don't
rely on a klaive with a Glade Child in it?"

I nearly chuckled at that, but that'd be a bad
example. I still put down the hard word. "That's the
First Klaive, pup. Mind your manners. And the point
isn't that she died. Half the Silver Fang legends end
with some hero or other dying. It's a wonder any of
them are left with their mortality rate. The point is,
right, who she was, and what she did before she died.

"She was a Galliard. Not a Theurge, even though
they're the ones who make most of the klaives today.
Not a Ragabash, who often come up with new things,
oran Ahroun, who most of the Silver Fang legends are
about. Not even a Philodox, the supposedly balanced
ones. Nope, it was a Galliard. Fact which makes me a
little chuffed, have to say.

"Second, she was female. Don't mean so much in
these days, we've long since proven women can do or
can fuck up anything they feel like, right up to Prime
Minister. But remember that Silver Fang legends tend
to be about men. Pretty much true of all tribes, but
there is, at least was, a definite male thing in the Fangs.

"And finally, she was the youngest member of the
pack. Not the oldest, not the alpha, not the one with
the most renown. So what we have is a young, barely
known female Galliard, but it's her who gets the honor
of making the First Klaive. The point is, from the very
beginning, fetishes weren't meant to be something for
the high up mucks. They're something no Garou
should do without, they're for all of us."

Paused a bit, taking another drag. The pups didn't
speak a word.

"And she didn't die immediately. This is the most
important part. When she began fighting and realized
she was going to lose, she took the First Klaive and
hurled it as far as she could from herself. It landed in the
tiver and was washed away, and the Wyrm couldn't
find it. Because she knew, it was a sacred thing, and
worth far more than her life. A fetish is thrice-sacred,
you see? It's got a spirit in it, and that's a reason it's
sacred. And it's a connection between us and Gaia, as
well. Twice sacred. And last, and most important, it's
a reminder of when the world was perfect, when body
and spirit were one and the same."

I flicked away the ashes as Alex asked a sensible
question. Thoughts about clocks stopping came to
mind. "So what happened to the kl— First Klaive,
then?"

"Washed away. Never found since." I sniffed,
tossing the remaining length away to burn up against

the wall. "Still out there to be found, I suppose. You
hear a lot of people talk about it. Could it still exist? No
doubt it does. Only ones who think it doesn't are the
Glass Walkers, since they tend to think legends are
parables, or metaphors or something. But they're all
wankers." My watch told me it was nearly midnight,
when our arses turn into pumpkins. Time to wrap this
up.

"What could the First Klaive do? No-one knows.
Remember that the legend doesn't mention it even
slew one of the monsters. In fact, it distinctly says the
woman who wielded it died a horrible and ugly death.
Andas Little Oliver pointed out, it didn't have a spirit
of war in it, it had a Glade Child. So some say it'd do
nothing, that it's the legend that's important, not the
First Klaive. Others go the whole other way, after all,
it's the First Klaive we're talking about. They say if we
found it, we'd win the Apocalypse War in a night.
Myself? I go halfway. I don't think it'd cut the Wyrm's
throat out just by us finding it, but I think in the right
hands..." That sentence trailed off for some reason.
Not sure why, really, except that maybe I hadn't
thought about what it could do myself. Besides which...

"Besides which, what it could do isn't the impor-
tant bit. It's what it was, and what it is, and what all of
these klaives are. Anyway. Gytrash will be here any
minute now, so we'd best be looking sharp for when
they turn up. Get yourselves together now, I want you
all fresh and proper."

Alex and Oliver got right to it. Being the uppity
trouble-making bastard that he is, Alex went straight
to Crinos. Really bloody bright in the middle of a city,
but I weren't expecting the old bill to come snooping
around in an old warehouse at this time of night. And
if they did, we weren't planning on staying in London
much longer anyway. Little Oliver showed some
subtlety, being content with that strange bulked up
human type. I just stuck in the threads I had on already.
To pull this trick off, | was gonna need my brains and
tongue around me, and staying human is usually the
best way to approach that.

Gytrash arrived right on cue, letting the gates
make that wonderful old creak big iron doors usually do
on the twelfth chime of the clock. They're a big mob,
eight of them all told. Although I expected that they'd
probably have five of them stand back if we did get
fighting. What Alex didn't understand is that the
Gytrash aren't a dishonorable bunch, quite the oppo-
site, what got us into this mess was that I stuffed up on
my honor. What I was planning was also pretty dis-
honorable, really, but my idea of honor is picking the
right fights, so this didn't bother me one bit. I stood
well out front, about three yards from the other two,

Legends of the Garou: The First Klaive 9


and waited for their alpha to walk out to meet me. I
made sure he could see Camma's Tearful Eye the whole
way in. And he didn't take his eyes off it.

"Evening, Adam." J nodded to him as he came to
stand about three feet away from me. I'ma short fellow,
so he looks down on me by a lot.

"Likewise, Barry."

"Ts that what I think it is?"

"Yeah, it is."

And westand toe to toe, in silence, for a good long
while. He never takes his eyes from Camma, until
finally he spits into the dust and snarls at me. "It's right
dirty of you, bringing that thing here."

"I know. But you didn't have to call us here. You
could have called us'round to your house and asked for
an apology. You could have gotten us to explain it at
the pub, and told us to buy you drinks. Or even dragged
us before the elder, and had him punish us. But you
didn't. You called us here, and that pretty much meant
you wanted a fight. And I think it's pretty dirty, too."
I dropped my voice a bit, said my prayers, and hinted
meaningfully, "But only if you make me use it."

He didn't look happy at that, and I didn't expect
him to, neither. But I let him stew a bit. If] rush things,
he may let his pride overwhelm his good judgment, and

I'm counting on his good judgment right now. So the
words come out nice and slow, letting him mull over
every one. "Listen, mate. We screwed up. This is your
territory, and we should have howled, or given you a
call, or at least told someone to tell you, I know. We
didn't because of a thing. But we should have anyway.
We're in the wrong, and I'm not dodging that.

"But," I continued, "It's not gonna do us any good
to cut each other open here. Come on, compromise
with us here." Seeing him shuffle his feet, 1 made him
an offer. "Give us a week. We can be done with our
business here and out of your life. Hell, tell us we're
never to come back. Won't bother us. Just a week."

Adam opened his mouth a little, pondering. Even-
tually, he looked to his pack for dissent, found none,
and asked me, "Is this an apology?"

"It's an apology." I nodded. "From all of us."

"Right. You're to be gone by Friday. You come
back without a proper Howl of Introduction next time,
and we just go ahead and attack." He shook his head in
disbelief. "You're an arsehole, Barry. Can't be too
careful these days."

"Likewise, Adam." Adam started yelling out to his
pack, but I waited until they'd all left before I breathed
a sigh of relief, only to have to deal with Alex's

10 Hammer and Klaive


Godforsaken screeching some more. He'd shifted back
down to his usual ugly face to do it.

"That was it? What the hell was that about? Was
he that scared over a damn klaive that he wouldn't
fight you?"

"You just broke my eardrums, Alex." And I lived
up to my promise. As he writhed on the ground, I gave
him one last lesson. "Scared had nothing to do with it.
The thing is, he's an honorable man, and like me, and
unlike you, knows the proper way to deal with fetishes.
It's not worth sullying Camma's Tearful Eye in our

blood over something as petty as this. She's better than
that."

And | left them both there. I knew they'd find me
again, so I wasn't too worried. Went for a walk along
the Thames and looked at the moon shining on the
water. Sometimes when I do that, I think I can see the
fire in the moonlight and the blood in the water.
Sometimes, I even think the silver ripples are a blade,
as beautiful as a Glade Child's name, and I reach out to
take it.

But it's always only moonlight and water.

Legends of the Garou: The First Klaive 11



Fetishism: A term now obsolete, deriving from the
Portuguese feitigo (an artificial thing, a made object) and
used in a number of contradictory ways in the development
of anthropology. Its earliest use by Portuguese travelers in
West Africa was used to describe magical charms and
figures and, by extension, the religious belief that preter-
natural power can reside, temporarily or permanently, ina
natural or artificial object.

— DJJ. Crowley, New Catholic Encyclopedia

The Tou of a Cfpyre

Fetishes can be so easy to forget, aren't they? Gifts
are the most noteworthy special talents the werewolves
possess — The only supernatural edge that is required
in character creation, and they get an entire chapter
of the main rule book practically all to themselves.
What's left of that chapter is the other powerful
aspect of the Garou and Garou society — rites. And
there's no question that rites are a very important part
of the game. They open moots and dictate the rela-
tionships between the Garou and the spirits, and
between themselves.

But fetishes are the most prized and useful tools of
Garou society. They are objects of art, elaborately
decorated with drawings, carvings and glyphs that tell
the story behind the tool's purpose, its owner, and its
creation. An archaeologist finding these would be
thrilled at the treasure trove of cultural information
they would represent.

Fetishes are more than just the magic swords and
wands of the werewolves. They don't exist ina vacuum,
occurring spontaneously. They shape and are shaped
by their culture, and are as much a window into their

Introduction: Wards and Weaponry 13

er eee. ET A NY

7

!

cultural soul as our films, books, computers and cars are
to ours.

There are two main influences upon the design of
fetishes in Werewolf: The Apocalypse. The first of
these are anthropological fetishes — items that are
considered to possess or are bestowed with spiritual
significance within animistic traditional societies. The
other major influence comes from myths and stories of
magical weaponry and items, as can be found within
Greco-Roman, Norse and Arthurian mythology (along
with countless other mythologies) and fantasy litera-
ture. These are not rules that the Garou play by, mind;
they are, however, potential sources of inspiration for
devising your own fetishes over the course ofachronicle.
It might be silly to claim that King Arthur was a Silver
Fang and Excalibur his grand klaive, but the parallels
between that myth and the river-myth of the First
Klaive are quite acceptable. The best stories are told in
all cultures, in a variety of forms; the same is true here.

A Woh of Selo

To understand why fetishes emerge in animistic
societies, consider the position an average person has
within one. Most modern day monotheistic and even
polytheistic religions offer a fairly "safe" view of
humanity's place in the world, or at least, the believer's
place in the world. While there may be a tangible force
of evil in the world, his power is checked by that of a
benevolent god with an interest in protecting his
people. Evil may have power, and may need to be
diligently watched for, but a true believer with God (or
gods) on his side is invincible against it.

Animism offers none of this. To someone raised up
believing in spirits and demons, anywhere can be a
haven for evil creatures that would like nothing better
than to tear your limb from limb and eat your organs.
There are roads and paths that you simply don't go
down after dark because demons inhabit those areas.
Storms and natural disasters are seen as the wrath of
angry spirits who cannot be placated, or can only be
placated through great personal loss. The only defense
against these beings is in rituals and objects that block
or frighten the spirits. Wards are placed in windows to
prevent demons from entering, charms are wom around
necks to stop spirits from killing travelers. Fetishes are
thus symbols of liberation, freedom, and peace of
mind. Without them, one is at the mercy of the world.

Afb ropoltgloal Fatithat
to Tradtbonal Soclaty

The simple definition of an anthropological fetish
is any object imbued with a spiritual significance. This

does not mean that the object is necessarily bound
with aspirit (as with werewolf fetishes) but merely that
the object has some degree of magic power that is
relevant to the spirit world. A set of stones and gems
that allow a medicine man to converse with the spirits
and determine their desires certainly counts asa fetish,
as would the aforementioned jade charm placed in a
window to combat demons. For the most part, fetishes
exist more to deal with spirits than with other people,
though exceptions do exist. (The bone employed in
bone pointing rituals of Australian Aborigines is a
spectacular example — by being ritualistically pointed
at a wrongdoer, the bone is believed to have the power
to kill the offender.)

Fetishes are not lucky charms, nor objects of per-
sonal meaning that the owner wears because they feel
it might help them. They are not even channels for the
owner's own power. Rather, they are objective tools of
power that help the person who holds them against the
many perils of the world. While this belief may be
misguided, they are most certainly not seen as subjec-
tive within their society, but as concrete and firm a
truth as germ theory is in ours.

Noaghoaf Weapons and bone
fo Wh wi Tuy

The most prominent (and most obvious) differ-
ence between fetishes and the sort of magical weap-
onry such as Excalibur or Sigurd's Tarnhelm is that
they occur outside the animistic framework of fetishes
and do not need to connect to a spiritual meaning.
Excalibur isn't bound with a spirit or noted by spirits;
rather it is noted quite considerably by men as the
symbol of Arthur's divine right as King of Britain.
While both fetishes and magic weapons are the prod-
ucts of skilled or gifted men (magicians, shamans and
medicine men) the former are more utilitarian and
common, while the latter are showy and rare.

It is this latter quality that Werewolf is most
interested in. Magical swords and other similar items
in myth and fantasy are not made on a regular basis.
Most of the time they are one of a kind and utterly
unique, with an awe and majesty surrounding them
that no fetish would ever receive. Fetishes are deeply
valued, but they are valued for the effects that they
produce. Magical weapons and items are valued for
what they are.

Fittthat to Werewoff: The Apoculypee

Werewolf: The Apocalypse takes the best quali-
ties of both anthropological fetishes and magical items
for its fetishes, even at their most basic contrasts. Like

14 Hammer and Klaive

i ———

ii.


tribal fetishes, werewolves mostly see fetishes as a
commodity that can be made and reproduced.
When a werewolf creates a set of fetish bells to
keep Wyrm spirits out of his Kinfolk's home, she
doesn't then exclude anyone else from making the
same fetish. Indeed, a younger Garou might well
ask to examine the bells in order to get a better idea
of how to make another set! On the extreme end
of the anthropological side of fetishes are talens,
one-shot fetishes made comparatively easily and
of considerably less impressive stature than fe-
tishes. Talens are very much like anthropological
fetishes — special, but special because they per-
form useful functions. Someone carrying a talen is
simply well armed, if that.

Unlike talens, however, fetishes themselves
are often fiendishly hard to create and require
exhaustive effort on the part of the creator. While
they may not be unique, neither are they common.
Someone seeing those same sets of bells is likely
seeing a set like that for the first time in their life.
The onlooker is going to be curious and impressed
by them purely because they are fetishes. Making
a fetish is proof of skill and commands respect, and
carrying a fetish that was handed down from a
mentor or parent also draws admiration because
someone who was impressive enough to own such
a fetish entrusted you with it. Klaives (and to a
lesser extent other fetish weapons) are the most
pronounced aspect of this in Garou culture. A
klaive worn on a Garou's hip causes others to give
them a wide berth — partially because of what the
weapon can do, partly because of what it suggests
about the wielder, but mostly because it is a klaive,
one of the most important items of the Garou
culture. Every fetish weapon among werewolves
has aname, and likewise every fetish weapon (and
most fetishes, period) has a story behind it. At the
extreme end of the mythological side of fetishes
are legendary fetishes, whose story is at least as, if
not more, important to the fetish as what it actu-
ally does.

The Vaof

At the heart of the concept of the fetish in
Werewolf is the ancient Pact between the Chang-
ing Breeds and the spirits. Just as the spirits agreed
to empower the shapeshifters' rites if properly
performed, the spirits also agreed to enter into
material shells in order to serve their wielders.
What makes this agreement so important, though,
is that it isn't a one-sided affair. The oldest rule of


SS

spirit negotiations is that nothing is free; a shapeshifter
must offer something in return in order to gain a fetish
of any power.

Similarly, the Pact is between spirits and
shapeshifters — it does not include humanity. Thus, a
spirit is under no obligation to respond to a Rite of
Summoning or the Rite of the Fetish performed by
anyone other than a shapeshifter, and spirits are noto-
rious for not doing anything that they are not obligated
to do by nature or pact. To many shapeshifters, the
privilege of being included the Pact is a huge point of
pride, and honor demands that they repay that privi-
lege by treating their spirit allies — in fetish form or no
— properly. If a werewolf refuses to let a non-Garou
ally so much as touch a fetish of his, it might not be
simple selfishness that drives him to do so. It may be a
mixture of pragmatic diplomacy and religious belief
that compels him to take his fetish tools so seriously.

So yes, the Garou (and most of the Fera) tend to
take their fetishes very seriously. It's tactical good
sense, it's spiritually important, and it's a matter of
honor. It's why the Pact has endured as long as it has.

How fo Ue Tht Book

Hammer and Klaive takes a good, long look at the
way that fetishes can be used in a chronicle, from the
lowliest talen to the most legendary weapon. In par-
ticular, this book emphasizes guidelines and optional
tules to help players and Storytellers design fetishes
most appropriate to their chronicles. Let's face it — if
this book was filled with nothing but new fetishes from
the credits page to the back cover, it still wouldn't be
enough fetishes to cover every game's needs from now
until whenever. Somebody somewhere would still leaf
through the book and find nothing that really caught
their eye. The solution, then, is to try and detail the
process of fetish creation and provide guidelines for
assigning power levels — suddenly, the amount of
fetishes this book can provide has jumped a lot closer
to infinite.

That said, of course there are plenty of new fetishes
in the book. Not every Storyteller or player has time to
design something customized to the chronicle or a
given character, and a list of sample fetishes does a lot
to save preparation time and get to the actual
roleplaying. So for those looking for some new trinkets
to help on the battlefield or at the moot, there's plenty
here to choose from.

The book itself is organized as follows:

Legends of the Garou: The First Klaive is a Silver
Fang legend of the first Klaive and fetish ever created by
the Garou in the most unlikely and tragic of circum-

16 Hammer and Klaive

_ ora a alee

Lesttreylng Fetithet

Since none of the chapters is an immediately
obvious place to ask this question, we'll ask it
here — What happens when a fetish is destroyed?
What happens when a klaive breaks, or a har-
mony flute is snapped in two?

Well, the canon answer is that the spirit
basically departs, freed at last. If the fetish is
destroyed in the physical world, there might be
a small pulse of power or emanation of quickly
dying light, or perhaps some other token of the
departing spirit — for instance, a bird-spirit
may leave a single feather behind. If the fetish is
destroyed while the Umbra, the spirit appears
next to the broken fetish, and can do what it
likes from there (its Essence probably being at
full from the long time spent in the fetish).
Spirits that were bound against their will are
almost certain to attack, unless their chance of
surviving such an attack is clearly low. In any
event, the spirit may resume its normal duties,
although its plans may be slightly altered by the
treatment it received in fetish form. Few spirits
are above petty revenge, and even the basest
might thank their former owner if they were
treated well.

But since drama is often the name of the
game in Werewolf, the Storyteller should feel
free to have more dramatic events take place,
particularly if an especially powerful fetish is
destroyed. A broken grand klaive might ex-
plode into silver shrapnel, or a powerful Bane
fetish might loose a very angry and largely
insane Nexus Crawler. Just be careful not to rub
it in too much; the loss of a beloved fetish is
usually a powerful blow to a player, and only the
worst and most selfish Garou deserve having
the wound salted.

(Then again, nobody ever said the World of
Darkness was fair...)

stances, told by a Fianna who hates the Silver Fangs and
knows, unlike his packmate, the true value of a klaive.

Chapter One: Objects of Worship examines the
fetish's role in Garou society, in regards to each tribe,
how different auspices favor different fetishes, and the
politics of owning and passing on fetishes. Fera societ-
ies are also discussed, and the diseased grasp of the
Black Spiral Dancers' upon their holy tools is also
touched upon.


Chapter Two: Born in Vulcan's Fires takes an in-
depth look at the preparation that goes into the creation
of a fetish, a process that can take years in some cases.
This chapter also presents a set of optional rules for
fetish creation, which the Storyteller and group may
adapt if in the mood for a more drawn-out but detailed
tulesset for fetish creation. Finally, Chapter Two touches
on some more unusual sorts of fetish design.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit contains a large
number of sample fetishes for use in your own chronicles,
or as an example of ways you could create your own
fetishes. Fetishes for every tribe, auspice, breed, and even
Changing Breed are provided, along with fetishes for the
foul Black Spiral Dancers and the exotic hengeyokai.

Chapter Four: Power Embodied closes the book
with a look at the most sacred and feared of all fetishes,
those considered legendary. These fetishes are not just
"more powerful" versions of normal fetishes, but are
rather something entirely other and alien.

Addenda Retoyrca

Ethnography of Malinowski, edited by Michael W.
Young. A lengthy discussion of African tribal culture.

Spee sneer areca reeves ae

Of particular value for these purposes is the chapter
"Perils, Magic and Myth" which examines numerous
magical practices with a heavy discussion of taboo,
often in regards to material culture.

Magic and Religion by Andrew Lang likewise takes
a strong look at the subject of taboo, although it is not
as well linked to the subject of material culture.

The Encyclopedia of Religion, edited by Mircea
Eliade. Not only is this a fine resource for a whole host
of issues in Werewolf, but volume 5 contains a fantas-
tic section on the topic of fetishes, with extensive
discussion of how they operate within societies.

The Ultimate Encyclopedia of Mythology by Arthur
Cotterell and Rachel Storm. Yeah, it's a coffee table
book. It's also an excellent coffee table book filled with
many, many mythological figures and objects from six
different geographical locations. Better yet, it's filled
to the brim with great pictures of statues and artifacts
and pictures of weapons being hurled about in great
wars. If you want visual or mythical inspiration, this is
agreat place to go. Nota few fetishes in Chapter Three
were inspired by the pictures and words in this book.

Introduction: Wards and Weaponry 17

EE

rN

|

g/

S\

\\. N SN v"
\\ Wy \
lh SES ANOS \\

¢


Natives who beat drums to drive off evil spirits are
objects of scorn to smart Americans who blow horns to

break up traffic jams.

— Mary Ellen Kelly

The Chfpare of Fitithat

How do fetishes work in Garou society?

Garou society is complex. At the most basic level,
it is divided into three parts: homid, lupus and metis.
Each of these three groups is divided along the five
lines of auspices, and then further along another twelve
tribal lines. All of these groups are scattered across the
world and further influenced by the cultures in which
they settle.

How does a fetish work in Garou society? The
answer depends entirely on the question — which
Garou society?

Trabthonat Coaroy Satht

Within the traditional, non-urban sept, the fetish
is two things. First, it isan emblem of the pact between
Garou and the spirits of Gaia, an ally that has given up
its freedom in order to provide a werewolf with a new
tool or weapon. Many Garou consider fetishes to be
entities in their own right, no longer quite as commu-

nicative or even as aware as the spirits that slumber
within, but still living things in their own way.

But in a more social context, a fetish is in many
ways an outright symbol of status. A Garou that carries
a fetish with him carries his renown at his side. At the
most basic level, possession of a fetish signifies one as
honorable — he's kept a working relationship with the
spirit within the fetish. (It is, of course, possible to hide
an abusive side within any society, and some Garou
seen as honorable may in fact ‘work' with their fetish
through threats behind closed doors. However, con-
sidering how often werewolves are placed in life-
threatening situations, it is not wise to attempt such a
course of action. For example, if treated badly enough,
a klaive could refuse to bite a foe they feel might treat
their ‘spoils of war' better...)

Depending on the stories surrounding the fetish,
such visible badges of renown may be even greater.
Even a minor fetish liberated from powerful enemies
causes others who see it to recall the glorious story of

Chapter One: Ob jects of Worship 19

eee De rN


Seren erase serene e-em an anes con are ann ceca remsmrrwrensmnarenv

its liberation. ("Is that what I think it is?" "Yes.") A
Theurge who carries with her a fetish she created
shows her wisdom every second it can be seen.

In short, a fetish is a visible, tangible symbol of
the values the Garou hold in the highest esteem, and
without such reminders, even an adren or an athro
can be occasionally overlooked. (Until, of course,
they choose to remind the overlooking individual of
why they are held in such high regard....) In fact,
often those of such high rank are held in suspicion. If
they really are so wise, why haven't they bound a
friendly spirit to assist them in fetish form yet? If so
glorious, why hasn't one been taken in battle? If so
honorable, why can't they even handle a friendship
with a small spirit?

The inverse of this is also true, however. Young
werewolves who do own fetishes can also be viewed
with suspicion. Fetishes are rare and great things, can
they really be trusted to such young pups? Even when
such ownership is seen as right and traditional (for
example, if the fetish was left to the younger werewolf
as an inheritance) a young Garou with a fetish is often
seen a bomb waiting to go off. How long will it be until,
ina fit of Rage, they break it on the nearest large rock,
and destroy it forever? Or worse, sink it into another
werewolf's neck? Among werewolves, both of these are
real possibilities among even the most levelheaded
and intelligent members of their society. Rage is Rage,
and the young haven't had as much experience learn-
ing to live with the fire in their hearts.

But however reasonable these reservations may
be, they don't prevent fetishes often acting as a wedge
between the old and the young within the sept. Nor is
this unspoken tension helped by the fact that fetishes
often allow their owners to accrue power within the
sept. It is not frowned upon in most septs to lend a
fetish to another Garou; after all, if that other Garou
needs it, shouldn't they have it? Asa result, the owner
of an in-demand fetish can quickly have half a dozen
favors owed to him by various members of the sept.

And while this works for both young and old alike,
the fact that older Garou are considered to have a
greater claim on fetishes, and simply more fetishes,
means that their very existence tends to place power in
the hands of elder werewolves. (The tenet of the Litany
declaring "The First Share of the Kill for the Greatest in
Station" doesn't help one bit.) Some young werewolves
beat the system, of course, and almost every Theurge
goes through a stage of feverishly trying to create a fetish
to legitimize himself in the eyes of his peers and superi-
ors. Some go the other extreme, even resenting the fact
that fetishes exist. Most, however, simply look for their
chance to earn one for themselves.

The Fatth te Urban Jef

Much of this also is true for the "Urrah," as well.
After all, they also obey the Litany and possess the
social strata of elders and cubs. However, the influence
of the human culture that surrounds them also works
far more powerfully upon them than the more dis-
tanced wilderness septs. This produces unusual varia-
tions based on local culture and beliefs. For example,
within societies with an abundance of material ritual
and ceremony (particularly religious ceremony) fe-
tishes are often used in Rituals, even those in which
the fetish has little connection. For example, a cup
bound witha water spirit may find itself integrated into
a Rite of Reawakening. Is there a particular reason or
need for it to be there? No, but the connection be-
tween water, fertility and rebirth could provide enough
context for its inclusion.

Also, while the general effects of fetishes remain
true as in traditional septs, often the effects are some-
what dampened by their surroundings. A decorated
bone that kills whoever it is pointed at is much more
impressive when you can't buy a rough equivalent at
the gun store down the road. Fetishes are less omni-
present — one can't walk openly down the main drag
of town displaying a massive silver blade, and even less
conspicuous fetishes are prone to drawing unwanted
attention from those who know exactly what to look
for. For all that many werewolves are fond of calling
urban Garou nothing but materialistic monkeys, most
of the time city wolves simply can't be as material as
their wilderness cousins, lest such tools also become
material evidence.

Which isn't to say that fetishes aren't beloved by
the wolves of the city — far from it! Even so, the urban
Garou's fetishes tend to be made with an eye for
practicality and stealth. A klaive made by a wilderness
Garou will tend to be wide, highly polished and deco-
rated with beads and leather. One produced for the city
often boasts a thinner blade, is worn inside a sheath,
and is only brought out in the strictest confidence.

Asa result, while fetishes do act as a status symbol
within urban septs as well, they are ultimately less
important than what you've done. And frequently,
what you've done recently —modern society breeds
ever so short attention spans. Besides which, these
days the Garou can't afford to have anyone rest on his
laurels.

Plorwan Rihglon and Fipth Dutlyo

One aspect of urban-designed fetishes is that a
surprisingly large number of them tend to be designed
with human religious beliefs in mind. This happens for
multiple reasons.

20 Hammer and Klaive

0 APOE: Ps ET Ds TR titi 7 /


The first of these is camouflage. Objects disguised
as ordinary tools or everyday items do not draw nearly
so much suspicion, and if crafted well can pass the
closest of mundane inspections without anything amiss.
After all, it's not the object that is important, but the
spirit inside it. So a set of Sanctuary Chimes may have
the glyphs of Gaia and Luna hidden among fish designs
and crosses. If the spirit does not object, no harm is
done, and the fetish passes inspection much more
easily. Garou often take advantage of the human
tendency to focus on symbols they recognize before
seeing ones they don't.

However, there are other, more personal reasons
for doing such. Homid Garou, in particular, don't
forget everything they learned in their human child-
hood. There are quite a few werewolves who take the
spiritual faith of their human life and integrate it with
Gaianism, figuring out for themselves where the gods
or angels of their human religion fit into the stories of
Gaia the Mother. This blend of human and werewolf
religion provides the context for "holy objects," and
therefore fetishes; more than one homid has created a
Gaian rosary or prayer mat fetish. This practice is
generally condoned, as long as the werewolf in ques-
tion doesn't openly state that the god(s) of his human
faith supercede Gaia in importance. Thus, fetishes in

the form of artifacts of human religion are accepted to
some degree in most urban and many tural septs, with
the unspoken assumption (which may or may not be
true) that Gaia still comes first in the heart and mind
of the fetish's owner. Don't ask, don't tell.

Taboo

A smart werewolf should never lose sight of the
fact that fetishes are much more than ritual objects,
they are spirits embodied within the physical world.
Nor are the spirits powerless to remind the Garou of
this, as many spirits demand taboos placed upon the
fetish.

Taboos are rarely complex; in fact, they're most
often exceedingly simple bans upon certain ways of
using the fetish. Common examples would be "Only
Ahroun may hold the fetish," "No woman whosees the
fetish should be allowed to live," or "The fetish may
never be used in winter." If the taboo is broken, then
dire consequences will result, but what those dire
consequences are depends upon what the spirit is
capable of delivering. A minor Gaffling might merely
refuse to activate the fetish without serious persuasion
(increasing the difficulty or Gnosis cost of activation),
which happens fairly regularly where lesser fetishes are
concerned. Other, more powerful spirits may be able to

LY - aN \ \e ad

a >
5 Fe

SY

—_

a

a eg

4

'

aS ee


Seren eee reece ree a caren coe ove cea re mnarensmnrenseh

deliver their wrath more powerfully, however. A spirit
of fire may set alight whatever it touches from that
point forward, destroying much of the caern. The
actual fetish can also affect the result; for instance,
some sound-based fetishes are capable of summoning
other spirits to attack or persecute the person who
broke the taboo.

Any taboos that govern a fetish are laid during the
Rite of the Fetish. They are the result of a deliberate
agreement between both the Garou creating the fetish
and the spirit entering it. Many spirits tend to be fond
of demanding a taboo but not specifying a particular
ban, forcing the Garou to state the terms of the
bargain. Asaresult, cultural biases often play into what
sorts of taboos fetishes tend to have. Someone from a
highly patriarchal society may suggest the above ex-
ample requiring women's deaths, but it's all but impos-
sible that a Black Fury would. Other spirits, in particu-
lar more powerful ones, are more aggressive and make
their terms very explicit. It's their way, or the highway.

Some fetishes do have more than one taboo,
though this is rare and either the mark of a very
powerful fetish or a rather incompetent fetish-maker.
Likewise those with no taboos tend to be either weak
or made by masters of fetish creation with a deft touch
for negotiating with spirits.

Why do spirits make such stringent demands?
Because it forces the Garou to pay attention to them
and see the fetish as more than just "a useful tool." It
reinforces the spirit's personality within its physical
embodiment, and (as some Glass Walkers put it)
allows them an escape clause should they be horribly
neglected.

[Storyteller's note: Fetishes purchased via the
Fetish Background at character creation should prob-
ably not come with taboos, or if they do, the taboos
should be relatively easy to maintain; the player is
spending valuable freebie points on an object that
could be lost forever (and the points with it). If the
fetish appears not to be worth the points, the charac-
ters won't spend points on the Background, which isn't
necessarily desirable. As a general rule, there are two
reasons to use taboos on fetishes purchased at charac-
ter creation. The first is if a character wishes to pur-
chase a fetish that might give them a powerful edge
(klaives are excellent examples), and the reasoning for
why their character would possess it are sound. Some
potent taboos will help keep the character from domi-
nating the game with his uber-fetish, while still allow-
ing the player to use the fetish regularly. The second
scenario, of course, is if your players enjoy rising to a
roleplaying challenge, and welcome the extra adver-
sity. Good for them!]

Taferst

Talens occupy an unusual zone in Garou society.
You rarely ever find a taboo attached toa talen, they're
almost never named and are treated far more like
simple tools than fetishes are. Part of this is the
comparative rarity of the two. Talens are far easier to
make and therefore more common than fetishes. While
a Garou is lucky to have a klaive, it isn't so extraordi-
nary to have five Bane arrows. This doesn't mean that
talens are readily available — not every sept will have
someone armed with Bane arrows, much less multiple
Garou — but those that have one talen tend to have
several. Finally, the spirit within the talen tends to
have less trouble with such rough treatment than one
held within a fetish would be — after all, one quick job
and then the deal is off, right?

Not always.

The trap of treating a spirit, a creature with per-
sonality and thought, as a tool is always treacherous,
even on a short-term deal. The Pact or no, a spirit is
more than capable of turning upon the Garou and
considering that all agreements end once a spirit is
released from the talen, it's just as well that very few
spirits in talens are very powerful.

However, there are some exceptions to that rule. And
when atalen breaks one rule, it tends to break all the rules.
Though exceptionally rare, some talens are created with
exceptionally powerful properties. These one-of-a-kind
talens are never used except in (sometimes quite literally)
earth-shattering situations, with their power more ru-
mored than truly known. Most commonly theyare handed
down from elder to cub throughout the generations, are
named, and any Garou who would own one is both
respected and feared. After all, whoever carries it is surely
fated, in these last days, to actually use it...

But other than these rare exceptions, talens hardly
carry the social mystique fetishes do. In fact, their
quick and dirty nature sometimes carries with it a
certain disrespect and shame rather than honor. Of
course, not all Garou care overly much for what those
who would judge them on sucha flimsy basis think, and
take a perverse pride in having many tricky talens.
Indeed, a well-rounded collection of talens is much
less predictable than a fetish.

Recsholng a Fath
And Ghng One Awry)

The death of a fetish owner always creates a
dilemma for a sept. Should the spirit, having done
great service to the fallen warrior, be released in thanks
(or in fear of its retribution)? Or are fetishes too
valuable and precious to give up, and should they be

22 Hammer and Klaive

la —

tiene 7 //


passed on to others in need? Some tribes have firm
opinions on the matter (as discussed above,) but in
most tribes, the decision varies from sept to sept, and
sometimes from fetish to fetish.

Numerous factors influence such decisions. The
first and most important of these is usually precedent
and tradition. A sept that has always passed down
fetishes in a certain way is highly unlikely to change this
for any given fetish. Obviously, the more incredible the
fetish, the more likely tradition will be overturned to
make allowances in either direction. Any changes are
almost always decided by elders, so the common sense,
pride, and wisdom of the elders also determines how
likely it is that a sept will break with tradition.

Scarcity and enemies become other prominent
factors in such decisions. A sept with few enemies but
several capable Theurges and other fetish-makers is far
more likely to turn loose the spirits from fetishes once
their master has died, simply because they can reason-
ably expect to craft a replacementas the need arises. By
contrast, a sept whose only remaining Theurge died in
the last attack is going to hold onto every single fetish
regardless of what promises were made, because every
little edge they can bring to bear is a hope of not being
utterly exterminated. Unsurprisingly, as Gaia's breaths
grow more ragged and shallow, more and more septs
turn to passing on their fetishes in this way.

The location of the sept and the surrounding
human culture also often influences the decision con-
siderably. The Get of Fenris sept in the deep wilderness
is more likely to turn free the spirits in fetishes, because
there's not a surrounding material culture informing
them of the value of owning things and a strong
presence of the spirit world in the area of a lower
Gauntlet. But when the exact same Garou live within
driving distance of a town, the Kinfolk begin traveling
there and bring back a materialistic human culture
that can seep into a sept, informing decisions toward
keeping fetishes. The spirits, hampered by a stronger
Gauntlet, are restricted in their shows of wrath, ce-
menting the policy of inheritance. Of course, excep-
tions can exist and some human societies may even
further encourage the release of spirits!

Neither choice is necessarily "better," nor is either
"good" or "bad." In one sense, releasing spirits is more
honest and equitable. A spirit gives up much to help
the Garou by becoming a fetish, and releasing it is not
only fair, it helps keep peace with the spirits both
within and surrounding a caern. This spiritual good-
will can be a crucial advantage in some cases, for
example, during any assault laid by Banes. On the
other hand, these aren't fair times — the Apocalypse
is happening now, and if the Garou don't take every

ee

Sperm sees enrweseren reese en ee

Chapter One: Objects of Worship

weapon they have now, there may not be any spirits to
be fair to in a decade. Besides which, in all but a few
cases the spirit never agreed to be within the fetish
until the maker's death, they agreed to be in the fetish,
period. In addition, passing down fetishes allows
younger Garou access to them more easily, teaches
such young werewolves proper deference to the spirits,
and takes power out of the hands of the Theurges and
distributes it more evenly.

Which also raises the other question — fit isagreed
to pass down the fetish, then who does it fall to? Some
argue that the Litany would suggest it should fall to the
next highest renowned elder, by law of "The First Share
of the Kill to the Highest in Station." (This is a rare
argument, as few believe that the Litany's definition of
"kill" applies to fallen heroes.) But unless the fetish is
unusually powerful, or the older werewolves particularly
greedy and political, most septs pass their fetishes down
to the younger among them. This is rarely done without
some supervision; the issue of trust is still a factor. But
there's less worry about passing down an existing fetish
toayoung werewolf than letting them goand make their
own. At least they know that a professional made this
fetish, and ifnothing else, at least they know what might
go wrong with this one. Giving fetishes to younger
Garou lets them grow up with it, form a greater bond
with it, and after a few years, they become better with it
than any elder could be.

Choosing the right person to receive a fetish is
usually influenced by the wishes of the deceased, of
course (whether those wishes are presumed or known).
Those tribes that care about maintaining bloodlines
(specifically, those that can purchase Pure Breed, and
the Silver Fangs in particular) usually take blood
relations into account; if the fallen werewolf had a
Garou child, grandchild or other relation, the fetish
often passes along that family line. If the fallen Garou
had a particular protégé of note, either a star pupil or
more ofa philosophical heir, the young one in question
may be the perfect recipient for his mentor's heirloom.
Certainly the fetish will be given to the sort of young
werewolf that can be trusted to use it properly; a fetish
weapon is generally more likely to be passed to an
Ahroun or Galliard than a Theurge or Ragabash, for
instance. Ideally, the fetish will go toa wielder that will
honor both the fallen hero and the spirit within;
circumstances may often be less than ideal, but the
Garou can at least try.

Ered Nitudat
Por,

The largest group in current werewolf society is also
a disproportionately large number of fetish users. Just as

23
NT

a en A re eranrmemiyy

tools are primarily a human institution, sovaré fetishes
commonly a homid institution. This is partly straight
biology (lupus grow up without the opposable thumbs
necessary for most tool use), but it's largely cultural. After
all, a lupus Garou can easily shift to Homid, Glabro or
Crinos to use a tool or (with somewhat more difficulty)
just shift their paws into hands. It's the familiarity with
tools, rather than the ease of using them, that makes
fetishes primarily the domain of homid Garou.

Asaresult, fetishes created by homids tend to be the
most "standard" fetishes. Homids are the Garou most
likely to believe in the status of owninga fetish, and take
the concept the most seriously. If a homid is going to
make a fetish designed to hurt someone, he will bind a
spirit of War into a blade or a gun. There's rarely a
profound disparity between what a tool is meant to do
and what it will do when turned into a fetish.

It is, of course, somewhat ironic that homids make
and use the most fetishes given that their low innate
Gnosis makes them the least proficient in using them.

Volt

Metis tend to have a surprisingly low number of
fetishes. Though they are perhaps the Garou most
familiar with the spirits andfetish culture, having been
immersed in it since birth, their pariah status means
that they are the least likely to be given one in any
circumstances. For a metis, owning a fetish»almost
always means making it yourself, and not all spirits are
willing to deal with a creature cursed by Gaia, either.

That said, not every spirit is unwilling to deal with
metis. Frequently, the deformed breed can be the most
humble and many spirits find them the most approach-
able. And all that knowledge of Garou society, spirits
and fetishes does make itself manifest in a metis-made
fetish. Metis who pay attention to those around them
know all the tricks of dealing with spirits from a very
young age and thus can coax more powerful spirits into
fetishes in exchange for less. They have ample Gnosis
and are quite capable of handling fetishes with ease. In
afew cases, metis have earned much Wisdom as master
fetish creators, and metis fetishes are very distinctive.
Since they grow up with both opposable thumbs and
familiar instinctual thinking, their fetishes are often
less literal and wildly diverse. They know it's not what
the spirit is bound in that makes a fetish, but what spirit
you bind in the object. A metis may well bind a spirit
of war and a spirit of iron into a large oak leaf, creating
a razor-sharp, hardened blade that few would consider
dangerous until it's embedded in their body.

Lupo
Despite their high Gnosis, lupus employ fetishes the
least of the three breeds. There's simply not the cultural

24 Hammer and Klaive

/ —_____ ies.

background to be*familiar with the concept nearly as
much as homids and metis are, so they start learning
aboutthem on the wrong paw to begin with. Even when
they do get their heads around the notion, their own
biology cheats them— in breed form, almost every tool
isuseless. While some lupus do their best to get around
this by.creating fetishesthat can be held and-used in
their jaws, for the most part this is uncommon.

Which doesn't mean that lupus ignore fetishes.
Notatall, but they tend to use them less often and have
less use for any fetishes that aren't immediately usable
in Crinos form, which most commonly means weap-
ons. In these cases, the fetishes they most commonly
employ are either klaives, or the traditional weapon of
the tribe they belong to. The other exception is the
fetish that can be worn in all forms, from necklaces or
earrings of bear's teeth to the gun barrel wrapped
around Storm-Eye's forearm.

When lupus Garou make fetishes, they tend to be
highly abstract but within a limited range. Scar fe-
tishes are a popular choice, as they can be easily used
in any form and are more easily related to than tool
based fetishes.

Austhee Vartaftons
Regabath

The Quéstioner caste, more than any other, loves
talens.A trick is only ever good once, ifit's done right;
since after that no one should fall for it again. (If they
keep falling for it, no one's learning anything and the
Ragabash haven't done their job properly at all) In
addition, a wide diversity of useful tools gives them a
greater scope in their ability to effectively question a
wider number of aspects in Garou culture.

While one might suspect the Ragabash of favoring
stealthy fetishes like Phoebe's Veil or Nightshade, in
fact it is rare that Ragabash ever use such things. The
masters of stealth in Garou society rarely need the
outside help that such fetishes provide. They can
handle not being seen, so what they often use fetishes
for is the opposite — making bright, gaudy shows to
highlight their humiliation of the real fools.

Where Ragabash do value stealth is in the actual
design of the fetish itself. If they create fetishes, the
actual fetish is often designed in dark colors and is
easily concealed.

Thewrge

Almost the archetypal fetish user, a Theurge may
well have any type of fetish. Weapons, fetish drums,
no matter what the fetish is, the Theurge is expected
to be the one to make it. As the auspice considered
the rightful creators of fetishes, Theurges can often


wield considerable power within:sépts, particularly
within those with very strict auspice roles. In most,
however, there's not overwhelming disdain for non-
Theurges learning the Rite of the Fetish — as a one-
person rite, it's considerably difficult to police any-
way, and most Philodox hardly find it worth the time.
Every fetish, after all, strengthens Gaia's cause. The
majority of fetishes still come from Theurges, but not
all by any means.

Theurges tend to find two sorts of fetishes useful.
The first (and most obvious) are any fetishes that
involve dealing with spirits directly, such as Spirit
Tracers, Baneskins or Bane arrows. Even though all
Theurges should be capable of such dealings without
fetishes, spirits are diverse and unusual enough that
every extra option helps.

However, fetish weapons also enjoy great popular-
ityamong Theurges, particularly ones capable of doing
great damage or pain ina shortamount of time. While
no werewolf is ever defenseless, Théurges are the most
common "support" member of a pack, courtesy of Gifts
like Mother's Touch and Command Spirit. Since they
frequently have duties in battle that aren't direct
translations of "Kill the bastards," they often have an
increased need to put an enemy down in the shortest
time possible.

As Theurges create more fetishes than any other
auspice, they set the standard for fetish design rather
than deviate from it. Theurges make fetishes however
they damn well feel like, and the other Garou imitate
them.

hodex

Young cubs often see the werewolves with the
biggest, flashiest and mostdeécorated fetishes and im-
mediately assume they're Ahroun. Those cubs are
wrong, of coursé. Many Ahroun have little need for
stealth, certainly, but they also don't have nearly as
much need to stamp their authority on ascene by mere
dint of their presence. Like a sheriff's badge, the fetish
bestows authority upon its owner, and no auspice
makes better use of that than the Philodox. When the
sept's lawkeeper bears a klaive's legend with her,
people tend to listen.

As such, Philodox fetishes tend to be very simple
in design. Clearly visible glyphs proclaim the fetish's
name and story in broad, simple terms. Philodox don't
need a troublemaker to sit down and learn the detailed
legend behind a fetish; they need them to take one
look, realize exactly what this guy is carrying, sit down
and shut up. Beads and other decorations are also
highly popular, anything that draws attention to it
works for them.

ee

Weapons are, without a doubt, the most popular
fetish for a Philodox, preferably large ones. Harmony
flutes are another fetish popular with this auspice, for
fairly obvious reasons:

Gabard

Almost the inverse of the Philodox, Galliard fe-
tishes tend to be remarkably complex and in many
ways tend to be the most beautiful. As the keepers of
history, Galliards tend to carve their fetishes with
endless amounts of tiny glyphs, and well made ones are
stunningly intricate. For this auspice, a fetish is a
wonderful thing: a firm connection with the past. A
rite can have been first performed in time immemorial,
but the performers today were never there. A fetish, by
contrast, is a physical part of history, and brings its
history with it to the modern world.

While any type of fetish would be suitable for a
Galliard, these designs mean'that nearly all Galliard
fetishes tend to be large as is feasible. In addition, any
musical fetishes (such as fetish drums) are often con-
sidered to be within the auspice's particular territory.

Abroun

Unsurprisingly, there are many Ahroun who carry
fetish weapons. More surprisingly, they're less com-
mon than amongthe other auspices. Inmuch the same
way that Ragabash are skilled with stealth enough to
not need. help in such areas, Ahroun tend to be more
than capable of ripping folks limb from limb without
requiring a klaive. Those Ahroun that do carry fetish
weapons most commonly do so from a sense of tradi-
tion. As the chosen warriors from within Gaia's cho-
sen warriors, they damn well should have a potent
weapon handy! Hence, it is relatively rare for Ahroun
to carry small fetish weaponry; most Ahroun prefer the
large and impressive. Those who do favor smaller and
more subtle fetish weapons are those that prefer a more
tactical, subtle approach to their art of war.

The more practical Ahroun, however, choose the
very same fetishes you'd expect most Ragabash to —
Phoebe's Veil, Nightshade and otherstealth aids. The
arts of stealth can be vitally important to Gaia's war-
riors, and smart Ahroun quickly come to appreciate
help in such areas. Anything that helps locate specific
enemies, such as spirit tracers and Wyrm scales, is also
very popular.

Thal Noda
LZhack Fivter

Black Fury fetishes are some of the most elegant
and simple throughout the Garou Nation. Pursuing
the complicated and intricate is a hallmark of the
Namer (Weaver), and the staunchest defenders of the

Chapter One: Objects of Worship 25

a re a

|

Wyld prefer their fetishes.tothirror the Wyld's own
ways. As a result, fetishes are often left as close to
nature as can be done — Nature keeps her own
intricate mysteries, and the Furies are not nearly so
arrogant as to assume they can do, better. However,
those fetishes that are clearly made on the forge or
potter's wheelare typically designed to be function and
aesthetically pleasing in equal measure; an amphora or
labrys fetish is often a work of art in its own right.

One curious habit among the Furies is the practice
of binding two or even three spirits of the samé%kind
into the same fetish. While this has no demonstrated
benefit aboye binding a single spirit of thesame power,
such multi-spiritefetishes have.been with the tribe
since before they can remember. Younger Theurges
sometimes argue that single-spirit fetishes are the
domain of men; Women are plural rather than singu-
lar. Older and wiser women observe that such argu-
ments are the product of very recent feminist thought,
and suggest they look deeper for the true reasons.

Taboos in Black Fury fetishes often relate to the
three age roles of maiden, mother and crone. Most
commonly the spirits request to be only handled by
crones, though some also go the other way and demand
to only be held by maidens or mothers.

Zone Cnawers

Only one word can be used to describe Bone
Gnawer fetishes: quirky. Not eclectic, nor even strange,
but quirky. This doesn't suggest they're meanifigless;
in fact the very opposite is true. The Bone Gnawers
find delight in taking the forgotten and once-mean-
ingful and then re-imbuing it with meanings(and a
spirit in the process.) An old discarded toy, an old
thrown-away tumbler with some faded cultural icon —
these are the things the Bone Gnawers love to take and
make their own.

They may not be as elegant as a Black Fury'fetish
nor as proud as a Silver Fang's, but they-work. And'to.
the Bone Gnawers, that's all that counts.
iblfren of Cala

One of the profound ironies in the tribe of unity is
how fractured and varied each Child of Gaia sept tends
to be. Their emphasis on tolerance for difference means
that each sept interprets culture and cultural rules
differently, and that includes the material culture.

The most liberal septs embrace a communal atti-
tude to fetishes, keeping them in the trust of the elders
and giving them to anyone that asks. While some of
these communities have enjoyed success, more find the
situation becomes unworkable quickly. Merely being
loaned is an offense to many spirits — a society dedi-

2

—

cated to such sharing hadibétterinclude a lot of rites to
praise their fetishes if they want to keep them happy.

In other septs, Children of Gaia make fetishes into
a symbol of growth for their warriors. Frequently,
fetishes are made to reward those who advance in rank.
A condition of gaining the rank involves finding
someone worthy of their old fetishes, and then making
convincing the spiritsstoygo-along willingly to new
owners. In sodoing, a bond of unity is created not only
betweenindividual Garéu,butalso between werewolves
and spirits, Of course, such a poli¢y isa costly one itp
tetms of spiritual resources, so only the most privileged
septs manage to deliver on this ideal.

LFarna

The holy weapon hasa great amount of significance
among the Fianna. Fetish weapons are considered su-
premely personal; more common than any other taboo
among the Fianna is the simple: "Noone shall touch me
save he who | am for." The tribe is famous for hurling
fetishes into lakes or from cliffsyor breaking them and
telling the spirit within to flee— anything rather than
let their blade fall into the/hands of another warrior.
Two glyphs are presént on every almost Fianna fetish
weapon; the name of the fetish and the name of the
owner. Though not quite as stringent as fetish weapons,
other fetishes likewise tend to be temporary. Tradition-
ally, such fetishes last exactly a century.to the day, and
then the spirit is released.

A few rare fetishes are passed down from elder to
cub, but these rare few make the term "powerful" an
understatement. Such fetishes are usually given the
names of Celtic gods or goddesses, though some Ameri-
cans have taken to giving them the names of figures
from American folklore, much to the anger of tradition-
alists; a British klaive may be Camma's Tearful Eye, an
American battle ax might be Bunyan's Mighty Blade.
Since passing down a fetish likely breaks a taboo, such
inheritance is always turbulent and never easy.

In additionyno other tribe makes such pointedly
flamboyant fetishes: As far as the Fianna are con-
cerned, if the blade doesn't have a whole set of intri-
cate carvings and the hilt isn't adorned with jewels or
gold, then it's not worth doing in the first place. This
is less true of urban septs, but even there the Fianna
simply aren't known for being subdued. A fetish should
be a work of art.as:tribute to the spirit within, and the
Fianna have strong opinions about art.

Coat of Poort

The Norse culture was one of expert craftsmen,
and the Get of Fenris reflect that tradition proudly.
Get fetishes are almost always handcrafted. The strong
trust between members of the tribe (after all, if they're

Hammer and Klaive

inion. .


Fenrir and still alive, then they're hardyenough to be
trusted) also means that they frequently, make fetishes
communally. One werewolf will work carpentry, an-
other will cast the metal, and the third will perform the
actual Rite of the Fétish. Thé children of Fenris never
simply create a fetish hammer; they createan excellent
hammer in its ownsight, and thembind the spirit into
it. Unsurprisingly, they're a tribe that gets spirits to
agtee to, being bound easily.

Surprisingly, weapons aren't nearly so common
throughout the tribe as one might think. A werewolf
should be ablé to show strength in any situation, the
tribe reaSons, and beirig dependent upon any single
weapon is a signe@f weakness. The tribe has a highly
material culture with many fetishes, but the majority
of them are non-weapons.

Ghat Walkers

Glass Walker fetishes are strange indeed. While
they have a good number of traditionally designed
fetishes, they accord greater respect to more complex
and unusual designs. In some ways, they treat their
fetishes more like elegant machines than holy relics. A
great Glass Walker klaive may have a hilt imbued with
a spider-spirit, to spin a web so that it never slips from

SDan are amraare rain

their hand, and a Rage-spirit in the blade to lend the
weapon more damaging power.

Even more alien to the other tribes is the use the
Glass Walkers make of modern machinery. While
most Garou would balk at the thought ofa fetish pistol,
the Glass Walkers hold such weapons in higher regard
than any sword. Stranger still are bionic cyberfetishes
or computer program fetishes (dubbed "Softwere" by
some Glass Walker with a clearly defective sense of
humor). To.most tribes, treating fetishes with such
irreverence borders on blasphemy, but to the most
adaptable of tribes, the times are a-changing. New
tools are created, as are new spirits. Should not they be
honored, too?

Red Tifort

As the tribe of wolves, fetishes take a vastly differ-
ent role within Red Talon society than they do in the
tribes primarily run by homids. There are barely any
tool-form fetishes like those favored by every other
tribe. Instead, two types of fetishes dominate within
the tribe: scar fetishes, and stationary fetishes.

The latter type of fetish is almost
unique to the Red Talons. Taking
the form of rough artwork


oS

(such as cave paintings or rocks, bonesand sticks tied
together) the fetish is placed in a location and acti-
vated. While left in place, the fetish continués to exert
its affect over the area. Most only work while the Red
Talon is within the region of the fetish, though some
very powerful ones continue to.work after the Red
Talon has left. Such fetishes are frequently employed
to protect caerns ot other valuable places, particular
the hunting and breeding ground of Kinfolk.

However, in theend the Talons have little use for
fetishes. They have the least number of fetishes and
even the least number of fetishes per werewolf in the
Garou nation. Only the Stargazers have traditionally
had less use for fetishes.

JSbadow Lordt

The Shadow Lords are many things, and prag-
matic is one of them. In one particular tradition that
goes back centuries, if not millennia, Shadow Lord
cubs are told to encode their fetishes with designs that
are meaningful only to them. Whenever a Lord makes
a fetish properly (that is, within tribal tradition), she
makes it from scratch. Every part is inscribed with
glyphs. And then, afterwards, she makes two more but
only binds the spirit into one. The other two dummies
are always kept close to the-actual fetish. Only. the
Shadow Lord that created it knows the code that tells
which is the genuine fetish. Let the other tribes wallow
intheirmyths of infallibility. The Shadow Lords know
that nobody is beyond corruption, everyone can be
compromised, and that no one is above suspicion.

While other tribes assume the Shadow Lords would
be the mostypolitical septs in their fetish trading, this
is in practice quite rare. Nobody lends anyone else a
fetish, no one owes anyone else favors for them. The
risk is simply too high.

Mert Syetders

If it weren't for the Glass Walkers' interest in
miniaturization, the Silent Striders would easily win
the award for smallest fetishes. When you keep moving
as muchas they do, you've no choice but to travel light.
With the exception of fetish walking sticks, Silent
Strider fetishes are rarely anything bigger than one can
fit within a backpack. For those rare cases a number of
techniques are used. Some Striders are fond of using
spears and so simply bind spirits into the spearhead. A
shaft can be found as a shaft is needed.

Silent Striders have an unfortunately high*hum-
ber of lost fetishes. The curse that keeps them moving
does not always wait for the most opportune moments,
and_a d'siah left:at hometo not draw attention. in
public (or be knocked»from their hand in battle)
cannot always be recovered later. Sometimes, the

28 Hammer and Klaive

vn aa ee

Silent Striders must simply pass on word to their
tribesmen where the fetish was last sighted. Curiously,
the ghosts that chase the Striders are fond of taking
such fetishes and keeping them in the tombs in which
their bodies lie. Sometimes, a tomb raiding expedition
really is a case of just "liberating" a few objects.

Meer Fangt

Which tribe has more fetishes thamany other? The
Silver Fangs. The sense of propriety and tradition
throughout the tribe means that they rarely, if ever,
telease a spirit from a fetish, preferring instead to pass
them down to their cubs. Nor are fetishes often lost to
the tribe. Epic tales tell of Silver Fang heroes who
venture into great peril to rescue the fetish stolen from
the dead body of an ancestor or packmate. In some of
these legends, that Garou likewise falls in/his quest,
and his child or packmate picks up the task. And this
attitude brings great respect among the spirits for
Silver Fang Theurges, and many practically beg to be
enshrined forever within a Silver Fang klaive, ensuring
a steady stream of new fetishes.

Since they take such pride in their fetishes, Silver
Fangs often construct fitting cases or sheaths for their
fetishes. Usually this casing is passed along with the
fetish, and the first thing the inheritor is expected to do
is properly inscribe their predecessor's tale upon the
case. Since this can happen across many generations,
the first Silver Fang to own the fetish tends to get bold,
large tellings of their deeds, and each owner afterwards
gets progressively smaller writing as space runs out.
Few Silver Fangs see this as improper.

Uktena and Wendgo

The two Native American tribes are unique in
that they record a particularly novel legend of the first
fetish that is dissimilarto any of the Européan legends.
According to this legend, fetishes are the bones of the
Triat, shattered and fallen to Earthein-their struggles
against each other. When these first bones fell to the
ground, the purest example of raw primordial spirit
turned into material reality, the three brothers gath-
ered them among themselves and sorted the bones
between them. Each brother tookresponsibility for the
care of one set of bone fragments. Uktena, the oldest
and most careful of the brothers, took the Wyrm's
bones for himself. Croatan took the bones of the
Weaver, and Wendigo the bones of the Wyld. Over
time, each brother learned how to make more of these
bones themselves, and thus were fetishes born.

The Uktena don't only dabble in forcing Banes
into their own fetishes, but they're the only tribe who'd
dare on any large scale. Even fetishes with Wyld spirits
tend to be soaked in blood and incorporate bone in


their design. Bystheir legend, they have a mandate to
do.such, to protect the bones.of the Wyrm and keep
them from Gaia's enemies. Unsurprisingly, those who
steal Uktena fetishes suffer especially horrible deaths.
Wendigofetish-makers often go to extreme lengths,
searching for weeks for the perfect wood forabow, or on
lengthy spirit quests to.findjust the right Wyld-spirit.
To do.less would be to forsake their duty. As such,
fetishes are extremely precious within the Wendigo
tribe and atenearly,always heavily decorated. Even
non-weapon fetishes are usually given names.

The Fira

One problem with the Pure Ones' legend, as with
all the Garou legends of the first fetish, is that it implies
that Garou are the only group that uses fetishes. This
is clearly untrue. Every shifting breed employs fetishes
to some degree, and much like the Garou, they each
have a unique culture centered on them.

Atala

The years of persecution at the hands of the Simba
have left the Ajaba with very little birthright of their
own; most of their fetishes fell into werelion hands over
thecourse of the two tribes' long war, and the werehyenas
simply didn't have enough time to replace them all. At
the same time, however, Ajaba warriors developed a
particular attachment to their war fetishes;much as a
band of guerillas might develop a fondness for their
guns. The weapons that aided their survival received
much honor from the Ajaba, anditoday the werehyenas
are some of the most enthusiastic creators and wielders

of fetish weapons of all the Changing Breeds.
Aparna

My continued trek through the jungles of Singapore
almost came to a horrible end recently, when I discovered
a spiderweb of quite gargantuan proportions. Hanging
from the very middle of this web was a single silver blade,
which I instinctively knew had to_be what my brethren
called a "grand klaive," a blade of the holiest measures.
Disregarding the obvious dangers, I climbed upon the web
and toward the blade and was but aninch away when I had
a pair of revelations. The first of these was that the blade,
in fact, was a trap, employing spirits of greed to lure fools
like me to their doom. The second revelation occurred when
the web itself began to coil around my ankles, and I was
struck that between the sword and the web, it was not the
sword that was the fetish...

—Lin Zai-Shuo, Glass Walker Kinfolk adventurer

Fetish webs are a favorite of the Ananasi of all
persuasions. The cost of making one as large as de-
scribed above, however, is quite massive. Ananasi

Se AS TS SE aT PES a

must go ona food binge, both eating food and drinking
blood in enormous quantities, in order to produce the
energy needed to weave a web of the size that such an
incredible creation demands. Further, a web of this size
is‘obviously of less use in an urban environment than
a wilderness one — although some enterprising spiders
have created hideous web-filled basements for the
unsuspecting to fall into. After spinning the web, the
spider invites a spirit to empower it. Nearly every spirit
that agrees makes his first demand a taboo, "No spirits
will ever be caught in this web." The larger the web,
the more powerful the spirit in it needs to be, and some
favorite choices include wind-spirits (to create the
warping tangle described above), pain-spirits (which
turn being caught in the web into a torturous experi-
ence) and ocean-spirits. The ocean-spirits empower
the most singular web fetishes, those that catch con-
versations from distances away, that the spider can
hear by listening closely to the web.

Apart from web fetishes, the three varieties of
Ananasi all make fetishes almost exclusively with the
spirits of the Triat member they're allied with. Hatar
almost always employ Banes, Kumoti employ a variety
of Wyldlings, and Skein-spiders do what little work
they do with pattern spiders and static spirits, such as
those of stone or manmade materials. Kumoti have the
largest fetish culture, with considerable praise being
given to the makers of fetishes, while Skein-spiders
tend to be thescoolest toward the idea, generally
shunning fetishes other than web fetishes, which are
universally popular.

However, every so often a group of Skein-spiders
come together ina group Rite of the Fetish, directed by
an outside source that might be the Weaver, or instead
may be Queen Ananasa. (They don't know them-
selves, though they always claim Queen Ananasa is
their muse.) The Glass Walker Kleon Winston has
turned up some disturbing evidence of a massive,
intricately designed statue ormachine hidden beneath
New York, made by spiders. So far his sources for this
are all in psychiatric wards of hospitals and are thus
considered unreliable witnesses, but he's found three
of them, which worries him.

Despite all the largeistatues and webs, the smallest
of the Changing Breeds does not focus all its attention
enormous fetishes. Some fetishes they create are in-
credibly small, designed to be employed by a single
member of the Crawlerling form.

Eat

The most curious of the Fera have a fetish culture
that on the surface seems similar to that of the Garou.
Fetishes are regarded as the personal property of the

Chapter One: Objects of Worship 29

——EEE——EE EE Le TS

oa aapeeiieeeieniaesiraaisctne

Bastet owning them — hardly'surprising given how
individualistic the cats are — and the fetish is highly
decorated and prized. But where the Garou see fetishes
as spiritual artifacts, the Bastet see them as magical
objects. Understanding the profound difference be-
tween the Garou and Bastet cultures is largely under-
standing the difference between the terms "magical"
and the term "spiritual."

This isn't as easy as it sounds, what was termed
magic by later Europeans was religion to tribal societ-
ies. But spiritual implies a relationship between the
ethereal otherand the person, a partnership of sorts. By
contrast, magical implies a locus of power around the
user of that magic, rather than in the magic itself. For
the Garou, the spirit in the fetish is a partner. The
lesser partner in the relationship certainly, expected to
obey the Garou at all times, but an individual with
rights. Ifa Garou mistreats and neglects her fetish, it is
expected that her elders will relieve her of it.

By contrast, no such relationship exists for the
Bastet. The fetish is a tool. A very special and useful
tool that should be properly cared for, but it's nonethe-
less just that. In fact, among some Bastet, there's even
contempt for the spirit in the fetish: Why would
anything worth respect enslave itself like such a spirit
does? Not all Bastet think this way, of course — many
and even most keep their fetishes clean and occasion-
ally do favors for the spirit within the fetish, keeping it
well maintained. But that is generally all such activity
amounts to — proper maintenance. If they don't do
this, that's just their poor choice, not a neglecting of
their duties. Indeed, the general lack of uniqueness
that fetishes are perceived to have among the Bastet
can be seen in the way they happily "borrow" magical
items from groups such as mages and the fae, and then
treat them in exactly the same way as their fetishes.

Garou who manage to hear about this practice are
generally appalled, but the Bastet observe it's just as
easy for them to make a fetish as for the Garou.
Obviously, the spirits don't mind. The Bastet don't
mention that they tend to have an awful lot of cursed
fetishes, but why would they? When a tool breaks, one
simply discards it....

Cora

Gaia may create the living world in all its beauty and
splendor, but she never felt it prudent to make everything
beautiful, not even all the Fera. The Ratkin aren't de-
signed to be pretty, nor are the Rokea, and of course, the
Corax themselves possess possibly the most ugly, awk-
ward war form known among the changers. That said,
most Fera at least make their fetishes attractive, but not
the Corax. Oh no, more ugly and grubby fetishes simply
cannot be found than those the raven-folk create.

3

a

Admittedly, the Corax do make pretty fetishes as
well, but many deliberately do the reverse. Fetishes are
made from the most misshapen and banged-up mate-
tials possible for a fairly simple reason — Corax can
become distracted by anything shiny. The prospect of
becoming so distracted at a crucial moment (such as
almost any time they'd employ a fetish), means that
the dirtier the fetish, the better. Not only does this
make the fetish nice and easy to use, but it also makes
it inconspicuous and helps to stop other shiny-ob-
sessed Corax from nicking the thing.

The problem this creates, however, is that most
spirits wouldn't particularly want to be ina Corax fetish.
(A few grimy little demons do quite like the digs,
though....) The ravens get around this in a few ways.

First of all, Corax frequently barter information
with spirits in exchange for service in a fetish. The
ideal "mark" for a Corax isa spirit tied to a specific area
but if removed wouldn't do permanent damage to that
area. (An example might be a fire-spirit.) The spirits
can't go and find the information themselves, but
nothing overly destructive happens if they're bound
into the fetish.

Secondly, Corax have developed a whole host of
rituals regarding fetishes and proper respect. Most of
these occur at daybreak, with the fetishes hung from
the highest tree in the area while the Corax flies in
specific patterns around it. However, some other ones
do exist, primarily designed for more human or eity-
bound Corax for whom trees are a fond memory.

Third, the Corax are often fond of making fetishes
for"‘newly hatched" Corax, asking any spirits that
helped guard the nest to keep guarding the hatchling.
Quite often, spirits can develop»parental feelings for
the kid, although this practice can often create fetishes
with certain quirks. One Corax is known for, upon
drawing her dagger, immediately whispering to it,
"Yes, I'm sure!" She insists it won't let her use it until
she says that.

And lastly, the wereravens have a reputation as
forgiving taskmasters. Corax almost always attempt to
free the spirit within a fetish before they die (tradition-
ally by flying as high as possible and then rending it in
their claws,) and are often generous in terms of Gnosis
bribes and taboos. As a result, Corax do have a rich
fetish culture.

A dirty, grubby, and ugly culture, maybe. But rich,
nonetheless.

Gordlf

The bear-folk are a wounded people, and so is their
fetish culture. Asa result, there are practically no great
fetishes of note left to the Gurahl.

Hammer and Klaive

—imon«,:-__,az€


Supposedly, before the War of Rage, the Gurahl
had a fetish culturethe equahof any other Breed. The
bears' generous nature with spirits,allowed them to
make great weapons and devices of legend. But when
the War of Rage came, and the Gurahl took the brunt
of it, the vast majority of these, fetishes were cither
stolen or destroyedyWorse yet, the makers of these
fetishes were destroyed, and thus the knowledge of
how to create them was lost.

And that knowledge has nevet been regained. The
tiny population of Gurahl means that a werebear
aspiring to.create a fetish simply doesn't have the
chance to find an‘elder with the knowledge necessary
to receive proper guidance. The only options she
might have are to wildly experiment (and thus have
sporadic success at best) or learn what little she can
from a Gurahl parent or grandparent, if she has one.

This latter option doesn't exist for all the bear-
folk, of course. Not every cub has an older Gurahl in
the family to turn to, and of those that do, not every
elder knows anything about fetishes. But in cases
where the Gurahl do know about fetishes:and have a
descendant to teach, usually the youngster simply
doesn't have a choice. The elder Gurahl knows that if
he doesn't teach it now, his knowledge of fetishes will
die with him. As a result, there are lines of Gurahl
"family fetishes," in which the father teaches his daugh-
ter who teaches her son the secrets of creating very
specific fetishes.

Consequently, there are very few such things as a
"typical" Gurahl fetish. An unusually warlike Gurahl
sometime in the past might have taught his child how to
create powerful weapons, and these weapons will con-
tinue to be made right down his family line, regardless of
how warlike his children are. The only typical fetishes
are ones that are of use to any Gurahl in any situation.
These include any fetishes that can help to guard them
during hibernation (such as sanctuary chimes) and
those that aid their mission of healing and caretaking.

Nokolé

After the Gurahl, it was Gaia's Memory who
perhaps suffered the most in the War of Rage. Targeted
above the rest for extinction, theMokolé were forced
to run, and hide, and were decimated. But.unlikesthe
bears, the lizard-shifters had a crucialadvantage that
enabled them to keep a strong fetish culture: Mnesis.
When the War of Rage broke out, the Mokolé elected
to hide their fetishes rather than hold them. When a
Gurahl! died, the Garou found his fetishes and de-
stroyed them all in a frenzy. When a Mokolé died, the
Garou found nothing. But the Mokolé who followed
after her death had her memories, and quickly found
what the deceased had hidden.

The suspicious nature of the dragons has meant
that the tradition of hiding fetishes continues to this
day, more or less. This tradition has broken down
somewhat, and many of the Dragon Breed now carry
personal fetishes. Mokolé often create fetishes to serve
a location after a famous historical event there. For

Where to Find Theta?

Almost anywhere can be the location of a
hidden Mokolé fetish — the shadowy nature of
the Apocalypse war means that something as
insignificant as a parking lot can be the place of a
great battle, especially if one includes the Umbra
asa potential vehicle for that battle. However, not
every location is a great choice for hiding a fetish.
Urban locations are generally very poor choices;
the sheer flood of humanity in the cities makes
detection highly probable if the weapon is left in
the physical world. Meanwhile, the consequences
most Mokolé face for entering the Umbra prohibit
hiding the fetish there in most cases. (Although
sometimes a dragon will risk quickly entering the
Umbra, securing a proper hiding space, and get-
ting out as quickly as possible.) Asa result, nearly
all of the hidden fetishes occur in the wilderness,
and most of them usually have some clever trick
designed to avoid any accidental discovery.

The Storyteller may choose to allow players to
attempt to find a hidden fetish with a Mnesis roll,
difficulty 9 Mnesis. This ability only works once
per story, and it is up to the Storyteller to deter-
mine whether or not there would be a fetish
nearby in the first place. After all, there aren't that
many Mokolé fetishes out there. Successes on the
Mnesis roll must be divided between the power of
the fetish found and the speed in which it can be
found. With only one success, the fetish takes five
turns to locate and is only level one. Each addi-
tional success can either raise the level of the
fetish by one, or it can lower the number of turns
needed to find it/by one (at the Storyteller's
discretion).

Oneesthe fetish's level has been determined,
the Storyteller may permit the player to choose
any appropriate fetish from,published materials.
The player should also determine why this fetish
was left here,.and what great event it symbolizes.

But remember that this rule effectively makes
Mnesis two Backgrounds in one; if it fulfills all the
duties of regular Mnesisyand.is a source of free
fetishes, it's rather unbalanced for the' cost. Use
this aspect sparingly, if you choose to use it at all.

Chapter One: Objects of Worship 31

CQ —————— ey ree ee


example, if a massacre of Fera (though rarely Garou)
were to occur in a swamp, then a Mokolé might create
a weapon to commemorate this and leave it hidden
there. These fetishes are then brought forward by later
dragons to more powerfully illustrate the story of the
area (the Gumagan combine this with traditional song
line storytelling to amazing effect). They also occa-
sionally find practical use.

Once a fetish has been used for either storytelling
or practical purposes, the Mokolé is bound to replace
it carefully and hide it once more. If they are unable to
do so immediately, it is acceptable to take it for
safekeeping until a later date when it may be properly
hidden again, but otherwise taking a fetish from its
proper location is cause for a terrible loss of Renown
and probably even worse punishment. Such offenders
are almost always caught as well, since any Mokolé
trying to find the stolen fetish is going to remember it
being stolen via the offender's own memory. Since all
Mokolé know this, and few would betray their brothers
in such a way, it is extremely rare that

these fetishes are stolen by one of

their own.

Nagah

The vast majority of the Garou and other Fera
think the snake-shifters dead. But the spirits know
better. They know the Nagah still live. And they won't
have anything to do with them.

According to their legends, in the earliest days
only Luna and the High Dragons known as the Wani
would deign to bless the Nagah, and this turn of events
has stayed true ever since. Only the servants of the
Wani, Lunes and elementals aligned with the auspice
of the creator will ever even agree to consider being
bound into a Nagah fetish, and Lunes are notoriously
flighty creatures who rarely empower fetishes in the
first place. As a result, the Nagah have a distinct
shortage of available spirits for fetishes, to the point of
scarcity. And yet, they are an artisan culture, beloved
of crafted objects, and their homelands in India have
a history of religious objects. Hence, fetish culture in
Nagah society is incredibly complex.

The scarcity of spirits willing to talk to the Nagah
means that sometimes one may be rebuked for creating
a fetish. Each spirit
bound into a


fetish is one less spirit they will have the opportunity
to deal with freely later. Since Nagah rarely have the
chance to associate with any of theirkind beyond their
nest, few know, if they will be praised or damned for
their choice until they report to Nandana. Most often,
the Sesha judges*based on the quality of the fetish
created and the condition of the spirit world at the
time. Given these dark times, Nagahare being rebuked
more often than rewarded, but those few rewarded are
rewarded greatly indeed.

Nagah also have a system of fetish-swapping so
complex that even the most political Garou septs
would be baffled by it. Sinceéach auspice can only deal
with one type of elemental, any Nagah wanting a fetish
made with that elemental must seek out another
Nagah of the appropriate auspice. If this Nagah is a
member of his nest the cost is usually fairly informal;
but outside the nest the scarcity of fetishes and the
Nagah love of them can make prices high. Often such
deals involve several different deeds the fetish maker
would want done, and only when all are achieved is the
fetish handed over. This system also means a higher
percentage of Nagah know the Rite of the Fetish than
any other Fera. If a Nagah ever has a desire to own a
fetish (and many do), she doesn't want to be utterly
dependent upon other Nagah to get it.

Given these many factors, fetishes aré treated with
incredible reverence. Depending upon the nest and their
conditions, most Nagah conduct Samskara (rites) as often
as once every lunar month designed to properly praise and
appease the spirits within their fetishes, since they simply
cannot afford to have even one turn against them. These
Samskara are held within deeply secret locations (though
always at a riverbed if at all possible) but are visually
splendid and exotic. Naturally, though, anyone who
witnesses this Samskara is hunted down and destroyed.
The Sacred Secret must be preserved at all costs.

Niwktha

The coyotes don't have a lot of fetishes, but those
they do have tend to possess incredibly strong personal
meaning for them. And yet, nearly all of them are
relatively impotent, low-level fetishes.

A fetish is a merging of the physical and the
spiritual. For most of the Changing Breeds, this isn't
too much of a problem, since the situation mirrors
their own to some degree. And even for those that
cannot enter the Umbra, it's reasonably easy to con-
vince a spirit to come and visit our world. It is much,
much harder to take a physical object into the Umbra.
The Umbral Dansers, who make up the bulk of the
coyote-shifters, are loath to leave what they protect for
any great length of time. And this means that while
they have all the knowledge in the world needed to put

powerful spirits into fetishes, they simply find getting
the raw materials for such a device incredibly difficult
to lay their paws on.

Asa result, any fetishes they have tend to be made
in the early years of their life as Nuwisha, before they can
convince the Trickster to accept them among the
Dansers. They take these small fetishes with them into
the Umbra, and there they frequently gain a powerful
sentimental and nostalgic quality. For most Breeds, the
fetish is a link to their society's history. For a Nuwisha,
it'sa link to their personal history. A reminder of a time
in the physical world and even.of their life before they
were Nuwisha. In a way, they are somber notes among
the tricksand cleverness, achance to reflect ona life lost
in exchange for the defense of Gaia.

Which isn't to say:they don't see the value in
fetishes to serve Gaia. Much like Ragabash, the value
of talens asa "big bag 0' tricks" is insanely appealing to
them. All it means is that some of the most commonly
heard words at the annual Festival are older Nuwisha
saying to the youngsters, "Say, you wouldn't be able to
rustle me up a...?"

Ritktp

Most breeds tend to assume a certain midway
point in fetish ownership to be ideal. Having no
fetishes is a sign of spiritual poverty, having too many
is wasteful. Not so the Ratkin. More than any Fera, the
Ratkin feel that it is best to have as many fetishes as
possible, and having half a dozen (or more!) fetishes is
a sign of power and status. At least part of this attitude
comes from the innovative approach of Ratkin toward
fetish creation. Rather than employ a difficult and
lengthy ritual tocreate a fetish, Ratkin employ ariskier
yet quicker and simpler method.

They steal them from the other Fera.

Apart from designating those with many fetishes as
master thieves (and therefore worthy of respect), this
practice does create many problems for the rats. Ratkin
have many enemies among Garou and others who will
gladly slaughter dozens of their number for their crimes,
and most of these types aren't too picky about actually
punishing the ones who stole the item. A less obvious
problem is that most of the fetishes aren't thrilledabout
being removed from their masters (who, at least, are
bound by the agreements made when. the fetish was
created) and used by a group of thieving rats. The most
powerful of fetishes are also quite capable of making
their disagreement well known, at least once the Ratkin
attempt to use them. As_a result, smart and capable
Ratkin restrict themselves to many minor items to limit
response from Garou and their "finds." Ratkin society
gives praise for having many pilfered fetishes, after all,
rather than large and impressive ones.

Chapter One: Objects of Worship 33

ee a

|

a N\

The exception to this rule is the Ratkin Blade Slave
(or Warrior) aspect, which religiously creates fetishes of
its own — Pain Daggers. Knives similar in function to
Garou klaives, Pain Daggers are exceedingly personal
objects of worship, frequently decorated with delicate
carvings and drawings. Curiously, this means that many
Blade Slaves don't buy into the status of those with
many stolen fetishes. After all, if someone stole their
Pain Dagger, they'd murder the bastard for doing so, not
praise his cleverness. Others cheerfully accept a double-
standard, furtively guarding their Pain Daggers while
dumping a klaive into their pile of loot — if the Garou
were as serious about such things as they were, then the
klaive wouldn't be in their loot, would it?

Other than the Pain Dagger, Ratkin fetishes tend to
be wildly varied. The creatures of chaos either fully
appreciate the irony of using Weaver techno-fetishes in
their aims or they just really don't care. Asa result, fetish
pistols are happily employed alongside bone pointing,
until they bring out the sacred projectile flying circular
saws. Then it really gets chaotic. And messy.

Rokea

As discussed earlier, one of the fundamental as-
pects of a fetish is that it represents a tangible link with
history; something you can hold and know that a great
hero held it before you) just as you do now. Buthow can
alink with history mean anything to.those who do not
die? WhenaRokea sees an ancient blade, chéy were
often there to see the»great champion wield it, no
matter how many years ago that was. The Rokea are
their own link to history, which eliminates one of the
primary needs for fetishes in the first place.

In addition to this, the Rokea face the same
problems that the Red Talons face, but these are even
more pronounced. The Rokea have never had a hu-
man-born wereshark (until perhaps very, very re-
cently), and thus there's been no tool culture to be
nudged into a fetish culture of any great degree.

And yet, contrary to what some might expect, the few
fetishes that exist within the breed are almost entirely
within the possession of the Sea-bound Rokea, rather
than the man-walking Betweeners. Without a fetish
culture, the actual creation of fetishes is highly rare. There
are no elders to teach howa fetish is made, nor can you see
one in another's hands and think, "I could make that."
And while the Betweeners know of the small Rokea fetish
culture, nearly all the fetishes it holds are of course
designed for use at sea! With rare exception, Betweener
fetishes are designed in imitation of those of another
Changing Breed. (And never the Corax nor Mokolé,
since Sea hasa habit of destroying the products of the sun.)

Among those who continue to swim the Sea,
those of the Darkwater auspice as by far the most likely

to make fetishes. This is due less to their role as mystics
and seers, but is rather the result of the fact that they're
the only ones with the patience to make them. Often
these few fetishes are considered entirely personal,
with a Rokea's Slew tearing a fetish apart in a mourn-
ing frenzy if its owner dies.

The As of ln:
Black Spiral Dancers

As always, the Garou speak of the Black Spiral
Dancers in hushed, fearful whispers. They are said to
construct vile, warped fetishes made out of human (or
Garou) body parts. Large torture implements are bound
with spirits of pain, creating unbelievable agony for
those unfortunate enough to be captured alive. They
don't even bother with negotiating with spirits, but
instead take an absolute pride in capturing spirits and
enslaving them.

And as is often the case with the tribe of Malfeas,
these fearful whispers aren't too far wrong. A detail
here and there is exaggerated, they gloss over a few
salient points now and then, but for the most part, the
worst fears of the Garou are right when it comes to the
Spirals' fetish culture. Except that they don't know
about the live creature fetishes.

Torture Littther

Thé spirit most commonly bound into any Black
Spiral fetish? By far, pain-spirits outnumber any other
type, largely because of the massive torture culture
within Black Spiral Dancers society. While a sizable
number of these are simply conventional torture tools
given a spiritual assistance, most Spirals consider such
things unimaginative at best. After all, pulling a bloody
ragfromsomeone's throat after a round of water torture
is painful enough without bringing a pain-spirit into it.
Why waste effort improving old torture methods when
you can invent brand new ones?

And the Black Spirals do innovate, to a degree
that would impress a (perverse and sadistic) Glass
Walker. Sometime several centuries ago, a clever
Spiral developed a small wooden stake (dubbed the
Sadism Stick) that was bound witha pain-spirit. When
pushed into a victim, it didn't kill them, but gave them
profound agony and an immediate and instinctive
knowledge of how to make that agony go away —
inflict that pain on someone else. The immediate
applications of this were obvious, and soon the tribe
took to kidnapping certain people, suchas, say, a father
and a daughter, stuck the father with the stake, and left
them in a pit with no escape, watching from above.

More uses for this fetish were discovered when
they realized it was possible to break off splinters from

34 Hammer and Kfaive

a Ee


the Sadism Stick and use them to stake smaller animals
with similar results. Soon, they took to torturing their
victims by sticking splinters into rats, lizards or other
small, burrowing animals. Then, after delicately open-
ing the victim's stomach, they would simply insert the
animal and stitch the victim back up. This torture was
particularly effective against Garou, who would con-
tinuously heal the damage done and remain in won-
derful agony until such time as they died of starvation
or the animal found their skin (or another potential
exit point) and removed itself.

Not all Black Spiral Dancer torture involves the
Sadism Stick, though. Far from it! Many other clever
devices have been created and are used on a regular
basis. Mind Snare Drills, Spinal Vines, Bloodthorns, the
list quite literally goes on and on. After all, unlike most
Gaian spirits, Banes of pain are in plentiful supply and
take delicious delight in becoming a fetish, a transition
that assures them an endless supply of treasured work!

But surely worthy of mention as a particularly inno-
vative torture tool is the Black Spiral Dancers' employ-
ment of live animals as vehicles for fetishes. By binding a
bane into an animal in a slightly modified Rite of the
Fetish, the Dancer can warp its mind, imbue it with
unique properties, and force it to do his evil bidding. Such
fetishes are particularly prized for use in sexual torture.
Fetish snakes are popular for highly obvious reasons, as are
small swarms of fetish termites givenya taste for flesh and
applied to certain sensitive areas.

One other favorite, of course, is the fetish wolf,
Making largeranimals such as this into fetishesis often
a much more difficult procedure, but for some Spirals
the extra effort is worth it. They make terrible combat
tools (against werewolves, they die quickly) but just
the concept of being perversely tortured by a blasphe-
mous, unholy wolf can sometimes be enough to break
even the toughest of Gaia's champions.

Dear Bory Part Pepisbas

Not all fetishes can be speécificallydesigned for tor-
ture, though. After all, if the Black Spiral Dancers spent
all their time,torturing people, sooner or later they'd run
out of victims to torture. As such, more proactive fetishes
are also popular, including weapon fetishes. Many of
these are simply slightly more sadistic versions of the
klaives and other fetish weapons of the twelve tribes. The
wavy-bladed, two-handed flamberge swords are popular,
as are almost corkscrew like daggers designed to do as
much damage coming out of the body as going in.

But more disturbing is the tendency of the Spirals
to turn the limbs of corpses into their personal weap-
onry. After finding an appropriate corpse, they sever

hit bata Firsor?

Yep. The rules don't suddenly change for the
Black Spiral Dancers, and just like the Garou, they
can't turn anything living into what would tech-
nically be a fetish. The so-called "slightly modi-
fied" rite is, naturally, an entirely different rite,
designed to turn someone into a fomor. The rules
are distinetly those of fomori: They don't have a
Level and Gnosisy and you don't attune them to
yourself. Getting them to use their unique powers
isa matter of training rather than instinctual bond
between werewolf and tool.

But in spite of these differences, the animals
created with this rite areconsidered by Black Spiral
Dancers to be merely yet more fetishes. You own
them and use them for specific purposes. They're
unholy tools, like any other fetish. So they get
discussed in Hammer and Klaive, but don't expect
to see any listings for them in Chapter Three. More
tules for fomori can be found in Possessed.

Dead body part fetishes (discussed below), on
the other hand, work just like any other fetish.
Once a creature is dead, it can be imbued with a
Bane like anything else. Garou of the twelve tribes
could do it too, if they liked the idea of being torn
apart by their own packmates later.

an arm or leg, and then carve a wild and horrifying
array of glyphs into it. After binding a Bane of Pain,
Rage or War, these glyphs sprout sharp bone thorns,
jutting out from the limb. Often the fingernails or
toenails also turn into three-inch-long talons.

Black Spiral Dancers never, of course, obscure a tattoo
or other defining mark with this spikes, though. They just
love leaving those things where people can see them.
Firetng Strife

The common belief that Black Spiral Dancers don't
bother with negotiation for their fetishes is something of
a misconception. It is true that ethically, the Black
Spiral Dancers don't really have any compunction
about enslaving a spirit ina fetish for all eternity. But in
practice, they either don't need to, or simply don't.

Banes don't need a hell of a lot of convincing to
enter a fetish. In terms of fetish creation, the Spiral
Dancers have it easy. All manners of Banes are highly
common throughout the world, and for most, the chance
to leap into a fetish and cause even more hurt and
destruction in the world is worth the inconvenience.
Few Banes accept just for the asking, but some do, and
even those that don't require less convincing than
similar Gaian, Wyld or Weaver-spirits. There's little

Chapter One: Objects of Worship 35

i a

fn en

|

point in forcing a Bane into a fetish when it will happily
agree to do so for, perhaps, a simple taboo informing the
user of just what sort of suffering it would prefer to inflict.

At the same time, forcing a Wyld or Weaver spirit
into a fetish would be just the sort of twisted logic the
Black Spirals would adore (effectively turning the en-
emy back against itself), but the dangers are too great to
ignore. Cursed fetishes work against the Spirals as surely
as against anyone else, and in the end, they're a head-
ache that no amount of irony is worth. The Spirals
recognize that, like any good kidnapper, they need to
offer the carrot of eventual release, and as such, they
usually only force enemy spirits into talens rather than
fetishes. Sometimes they just kill the spirit after they use
the talen, but more often they let it go to tell others
about the ordeals it suffered, thus informing other spirits
that they too will be let go. Spirits with such expecta-
tions require less torture than those without.

Of course, this fact also causes some Dancers to
always kill the spirit after its been used.

Attorfed Odgt and End

Not every Black Spiral Dancer fetish is as disgust-
ing and twisted as the aforementioned monstrosities.
A sizable percentage of the tribe is converts from other
tribes, and they bring with them the fetishes that they
previously used in the service of Gaia. A spirit tracer is
just as useful to a Black Spiral Dancer as to any other
werewolf, and they use such fetishes too.

A very common fetish among the tribe that sur-
prises the Garou is blue body paint. A holdover from the
tribe's Pictish origins, some of the tribe openly despise
this relic of the past and those who use it. It's too much
of a reminder of the pathetic things they once were. For
others, if it works, it works. It is not uncommon to see
"wode" designs running over a Black Spiral Dancer's
body as he charges into battle, and the Banes of Fear
inside ensure the design has the intended effect.

Though most Banes are fairly happy with the due
course of existing ina fetish, the Black Spiral Dancers do
strive to keep them that way with various small rituals.
One of these minor rites is called the sheathing ritual.
At the end of the day, the Dancer takes her fetish and
ritualistically thanks it for its service to both its master
and the Wyrm. After this, she takes the fetish and
plunges it into the nearest appropriate sheath. An
appropriate sheath for this ritual is a live human body.
Though any captive will work, men are most common,
since they prefer to keep any captive women alive. This
minor rite nearly always keeps the Bane within a fetish
happy and sated, although it is considerably harder to
perform with non-weapon fetishes. The Spirals still use
it for non-weapon fetishes, it's just harder.

3

_—,

The Plengeyokw

One can determine the purity of an honorable man's
heart by the purity of his blade. Never expect honor froma
man who carriesablade in both worlds, forhe will also carry
two tongues as well.

— Ai Yuriko, Hakken Ahroun

There is a significant.culture gap between the
hengeyokai and the Western shapeshifters, and it is
little surprise that this gap continues into its fetish
culture. A Hakken traveling among the Shadow Lords
would likely be horrified by thé way in which the Lords
are willing to sacrifice personal honor for a "greater"
good, or even'simple pragmatism. By contrast, the
young Shadow Lord who travels east may quickly
condemn the hengeyokai for their duplicity, dishon-
esty and xenophobia, all while his hosts are outraged
by their guest's lack of appreciation,

And one single fetish can sum up the massive
difference between them: the-klaive. Understanding
why requires understanding the differing perceptions
of war between the two groups.

To the Garou Nation, war is a very simple en-
deavor aimed directly at making the enemy surrender
to your will. (Or, quite frequently, to make the enemy
cease to exist.) Honor in war is decided by how you
relate to your own troops, not the enemy. When a
Garou wears his klaive proudly, it is a symbol of his
readiness, wisdom and willingness to protect his allies.

By contrast, the Hengeyokai recognize.two.types of
war. In "High War," there ‘are limitations voluntarily
accepted by both sides, making war into a pure demon-
stration of military might, rather than the actual prac-
tice. While soldiers most definitely die in High War
(which is far from bloodless) the boundaries of accept-
able actions are placed to avoid unnecessary death and
bloodshed. This form of war is seen as honorable. The
other form of war, called "Low War" recognizes no rules
or boundaries. Any maybe harmed, in any way possible.
All that matters is the destruction of resistance from the
enemy. This form of war is not seen as honorable.

Since generally human.weapons are less deadly than
the natural weaponry of the Hengeyokai, they are seen as
the natural province-of High War. Much honor is at-
tached to them, and indeed the warriors of the Eastern
shifters can frequently be seen proudly. carrying such
weapons. But by binding a spirit. of war into'one, they
become more deadly than natural claws. This is doubly
dishonorable — it not only disregards the honor of High
War but falsely pretends to possess it. Fetish weapons are
therefore inherently dishonorable, and someone who
would proudly wear one (suchas Garou proudly wearing
aklaive) indicatesasneeringat the very concept of honor.

Hammer and Klaive

—__,_,____,,


This cultural belief isn't enough to lead to blood-
shed between the two groups in and of itself... usually.
The hengeyokai are more prone to be condescending,
treating Sunset People with fetish weapons as ignorant
children, who do not know their failings. Normally,
those exhibiting fetish weapons will be quickly ac-
cused of some crime and detained, then quickly par-
doned with many apologies. Their weapon, however,
will be confiscated and only returned (most of the
time) when they leave. This salves the honor and
dignity of all concerned to the Easterners, and further
fuels their reputation for deceit, arrogance and xeno-
phobia among the Westerners.

In addition, this attitude toward fetish weapons
means the Nezumi doa thriving trade in making fetish
weapons for use in Low War. They are, after all, the
masters of such things.

Dithonorabfe Worship and
Nezyw! Weaponsobibe

Itdefinitely surprises any outsiders to the Beast Courts
and even surprises many of those within it, but making a
visit with an Nezumi weapon master isn't normally an
exercise in the deepest pits of dishonor, dealing
in alleyways and opium houses. In-
stead, everything from request to sale

is handled with a firm eye toward careful secrecy and
maintaining the appearance of honor. As with so much in
the Beast Courts, committing dishonorable acts is not
nearly so great a sin as being caught.

Most Nezumi who deal in weapons of Low War
quickly discover the importance of using others. One
simply cannot maintain face and peddle their product
openly at the same time. Some use Kinfolk, and often a
Nezumi will use these duties to determine which of his
Kin he will groom to replace him in the art of making
such weapons. (Many such plans are foiled, of course,
should the Kinfolk not survive the Birthing Plague.)
Others use Nezumi allies as "courtiers," most commonly
Tunnel Runners. Either way, these allies act as the
metaphorical "friend of a friend" who sniff out potential
clients and direct them to the weaponsmith.

Once an arrangement has been made, the Nezumi
invites the prospective client to tea or (for modernists)
dinner. This can happen at the Nezumi's home, the
client's, ora public teahouse or restaurant. No expense
here is spared, merely passed along to the client in the
weapon's price. Talk is formal, with much small chat
and discussion of irrelevant trivia, but surprisingly
frank. A discussion of the client's family can be
directly juxtaposed with a detailed


Seer ren ren cee a ren coe arrears mre)

weapon's effects, and this harsh contrast can be quite
shocking. But the Nezumi ensures no misunderstand-
ings are held by either side. The exact details of the
weapon are discussed, with the Nezumi making no
deception of his ability to create such a weapon. If it is
impossible or even improbable, he will say so.
Timeframe is firmly set. Likewise, the cost stated is
blunt and usually very expensive and is often, but not
always, in the form of money. Favor or information
trading also happens frequently.

In addition to the weapon the Nezumi, almost
without fail, also includes some degree of insurance for
the client should the weapon be discovered. The
Nezumi reveals locations of drop points they have
created, and promises to create stories and excuses for
the client. None of these stories are intended to fool
investigation but merely deflect it so that no one
mentions the transgression. (The Sunset People might
call it "plausible deniability.") Everybody knows what
has happened, but nobody says anything.

This seems generous, but for the Nezumi it serves
several purposes. A man dishonored tends to be a
desperate and irrational. While the weaponsmith might
be able to assassinate someone who was about to
dishonor them before they can do so, (and thus destroy
their business) it is far better to ensure you never have
to. It also gives the Nezumi some subtle leverage over
the client, who knows the Nezumi can stop them
falling on their sword... or may choose not to. This
subtle hold is rarely exercised, since blackmail is an
excellent way to alienate customers, but it occasion-
ally proves worthwhile. And finally, it allows them to
demand even more extortionate prices.

Sometime between the first meeting and the de-
livery of the weapon, the client makes a public "gift" to
the Nezumi. By making the payment so obviously
public, they ironically shield themselves from accusa-
tions, for who would question such generosity? All
people know why the gift is made, of course, but it
would be highly impolite to inquire further. At the end
of the Lunar month, the client is again invited to tea,
this time always at the client's house. The Nezumi
hides the weapon on their person, has a quick, curt tea,
and then leaves abruptly, leaving the weapon behind.

Lhong Ling, Plakkor, fhe TTreadt of
Pikttory, and Waktag Pholy Objects

While the Hakken reject most strongly the notion of
fetish weapons, more so than any other group in the Beast
Courts, they revere and hold incredible praise for well
designed non-weapon fetishes. In fact, a Hakken fetish
artisan is considered an auspicious choice for any creation
and gifts from a Hakken are greatly prized. While it is
possible to buy a fetish from the Hakken, doing so is a

3

a

difficulty task. Everything about such an exchange seems
relatively straightforward, until it comes to payment.

Although the prospective buyer should always
offer direct payment, they know that the master never
accepts it. Instead, after negotiating a fair price, the
master asks that the money be given to a shrine. This
shrine is usually devoted to either a sun or moon deity,
and may be anywhere in the Middle Kingdom, or
indeed, the world. It is exceedingly rare for a master to
mention the same shrine twice. Regardless of how far
away this shrine is, it is expected that the buyer must
find their way to it within a single lunar month. After
they donate the money properly, they should clap their
hands three times, with their palms and fingers flat and
the fingers pointed toward the shrine.

Provided this is correctly done, an appropriate spirit
is summoned to the shrine and asks the traveler for
which master he visits the shrine. Should the spirit
decide that this "master" is poorly titled and unworthy
of his time, then the spirit vanishes without another
word. The traveler loses his money and gains a lesson in
only dealing with artisans of repute. If however, the
spirit is honored by the name of the master, it journeys
back with the traveler and the artisan can begin the Rite
of the Fetish. Should the Rite succeed, then the master
gives the traveler his new fetish. If it fails, then the
traveler loses his money and learns the will of the gods.

Along with the Hakken, the Zhong Lung have an
equally powerful reputation as fetish artisans. While
the Hakken are revered for their delicate craftsman-
ship and careful attention to detail, the Zhong Lung
are credited with potent mysticism and spiritual strength
within their fetishes. Ancient secrets handed down
through ancestral memory ensure that the Zhong Lung
are never short of ways to cajole the most powerful of
spirits into their fetishes.

In total reverse of the Hakken, one should never
offer payment to the Zhong Lung in exchange for a
fetish. Doing so always garners the same response: "I am
not ready to consider such an offer. Please, give mea year
to consider it and then ask me again." If the offender
comes forward before a year's time, they are allowed to
make their request again, but even if no money is
discussed this time, they are told to come back ina year.

Presuming that no such blunder is made, the Zhong
Lung (most often a male Zhong Lung, though an aiyi
may also be approached thus) asks what fetish is desired,
and decides if it is worth his time. If it isn't, he declares
he will consider this and asks to be left alone. If it is, he
will name a time when it may be received and notes he
will ask for a favor "at a future time."

When the stated date comes, the Zhong Lung
places the fetish within his own dwelling, hidden

Hammer and Klaive

riley //,


amongst all his other possessions. Often, the Zhong
Lung makes non-fetish duplicates of the object and
also places these in the room. The fetish is only
distinguishable because it is placed somewhere nota-
bly incongruous. A set of wind chimes may be placed
ina location that is clearly inaccessible to any breeze,
ora wall hanging could clearly break the basic notions
of feng shui. The visitor should come, talk politely, find
the fetish and leave with it, without mentioning it
once. Those who ask where the fetish is are told it isn't
ready yet, and will be ready in a month's time. Even
worse than this is thanking the Zhong Lung for the
fetish. Doing so invites the Zhong Lung to take the
fetish from your hands, blow the spirit out from it, and
break it in front of you, before bidding you a good
journey home. While it is considered most proper to
simply leave without comment, it is acceptable to
thank the Zhong Lung for his hospitality instead.

The "future favor" is never forgotten, though. And
with the Zhong Lung's generation spanning memory,
those favors can be very far into the future indeed. It
isn't rare to have a messenger approach and inform you
that you owe the descendant of Chu ao Cheh a favor
done for your great-great-great-grandmother. Rather
uncommon, to be sure, but not rare.

bers of the Courts, the Veantag of
Whgwenatt, and Respecting Whee Foy

While Hakken and Zhong Lung fetishes are seen as
the most auspicious among the Beast Courts (with the
Nezumi achieving something vaguely like auspicious-
ness), this hardly means that the other Breeds don't also
participate in creating fetishes. After all, there are barely
any Zhong Lung left in the Middle Kingdom, so if every
single fetish came from them, there would either be very
few fetishes in existence or every Zhong Lung would do
nothing but create fetishes!

Fetishes created personally are indeed exactly that,
personal. They are not worn as badges of pride in the same
way one created by Hakken or Zhong Lung are, but they
aren't shameful, either. They are merely personal, one
keeps them to oneself, conducts a private ritual once per
lunar month to honor it, and employs it as needed. Discre-
tion in such things is considered the highest of manners.

It is the very private nature of fetishes in the East
that seems so very cold and unnatural to the more fiery,
proud fetish culture of the West. Whereas a finely
made harmony flute is a symbol of the wisdom of its
creator in the West, in the East such behavior is
arrogantly asserting superiority over those who haven't.
Such rudeness is frowned upon.

Ina way, this attitude is why the hengeyokai create
such oblique methods for obtaining fetishes. A Hakken

ne

a

whosendsa man halfway across Japan and back, forhigh
cost and with little assurance of results ensures that he
is selling a fetish to a man who places great importance
on it and will treat it honorably. The Zhong Lung who
forces a woman to correctly locate a fetish tests her
wisdom. Even the Nezumi take a little time to test their
clients by giving them strict but arbitrary instructions
for fetish delivery, testing the client's discretion. Yet
none do such in a way that overtly shows this testing,
because to openly question another in such a way would
be improper. There is logic, founded in respect for
dignity, beneath the Beast Courts' strange ways.

So while, in fact, the hengeyokai frequently con-
struct elaborate cases to hold and honor and hide their
swords, and elegant shrines to keep safe their fetishes,
Western eyes never see them. If one has respect for the
spirits, then why should anyone else be concerned?

The notable exception, however, would be the
Kitsune. The werefoxes keep their fetishes to them-
selves like most other hengeyokai, but not in quite the
same manner. Kitsune have a great love for magic, and
see fetishes as some of the most elegant and potent toys
that the world has to offer. The fetish culture of the
Beast Courts is horribly stuffy to the Kitsune view-
point, and so the foxes quietly maintain their own
fetish traditions away from their neighbors' eyes. The
Kitsune freely make and destroy fetishes and talens,
even lending them to one another to gain face or repay
favors. They enjoy acquiring fetishes made by other
hands as well, as long as those fetishes are interesting
and well made. In many ways, their approach to the
creation and use of fetishes is very Western — they
simply keep it tucked away from their fellow hengeyokai,
so they can enjoy themselves without censure.

The Syargazers

And what of the most recent initiates into the
Beast Courts of the Emerald Mother?

The Stargazers retain most of their tribal fetish
culture, which is shockingly limited. The tribal
philosophies have traditionally focused on inner
strength as opposed toareliance on material things;
what few fetishes the Stargazets made.were usually
aids to meditation or objects designed to ward off
baleful influences..Fetish weapons are essentially
unknown among the Stargazers, who-have always
been the strongest proponents of using the body to
its full extent in¢ombat, not unreliable and limiting
tools. Few Stargazers use fetishes, and even fewer
make them; it is a practice peculiar to the tribe, but
one that at least fits comfortably within the overall
society of the hengeyokai.

Chapter One: Objects of Worship

9

aaa.

ae nc een nar a


The LORD said to Moses, "Speak to the Israelites and

get twelve staffs from them, one from the leader of each of
their ancestral tribes. Write the name of each man on his
staff. On the staff of Levi write Aaron's name, for there
must be one staff for the head of each ancestral tribe." ...
The next day Moses entered the Tent of the Testimony and
saw that Aaron's staff, which represented the house of Levi,
had not only sprouted but had budded, blossomed and

produced almonds.

— Numbers 17, 1-3, 8 (NIV)

Neither man nor Garou exists in a vacuum, and
neither does anything he creates. The creation of
fetishes is shaped by the culture of the Garou (or Fera)
creating it, down to the very sept that they exist in.
Even if two Garou are from nearly identical, one tribe
septs, they would still attempt to create the same fetish
in subtly different ways, for one simple reason: the
different people that surround them. All rites are
ultimately social, and even the Rite of the Fetish,
capable of being performed by a single individual, is in
the end, a group effort.

Fiththesr: Porrvfa or Fanpaty?

Before youcan make a fetish, the first question you
need to answer is: "What is a fetish?" To many Garou,
the answer is simple — a fetish is a spirit bound into an
object, imbuing the object with supernatural power.
These Garou boil down the act of fetish creation into
a formula or recipe. Take one spirit. Blend into object.
Stir. Add decorations to taste.

And inevitably, the taste these fetishes have is
sour indeed.

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 41

ial aaa —— ee ee

|

Seren rere rere ere ren cae. rem mnarrensmnerenew)

Fetishes cannot be boiled down to such simple
formulas. Many Garou see someone else carrying a
fetish, and then try to make the same one, with a quick
and ugly failure the result. They do not know the
processes behind the scenes. No one sees the dances
employed, or hears the words sung. These admirers do
not know the sacrifices offered. In short, they don't
know how it's done. After they try, they quickly work
out that the recipe doesn't work. There's some elusive
quality, a process that is not working. In a way, the
method by which Garou teach the Rite of the Fetish is
a disservice, because it's not a single ritual, but one
eternally redefined, mutated, and adapted in order to
create different fetishes. (And even, indeed, the same
type of fetish.)

As an example, there once existed fetishes made
from boomerangs. These were bound with a bird-spirit
and then released into the air, where they flew in very
specific patterns depending on how they were thrown.
Used correctly, they were brilliant coordination tools
for when packs were widely dispersed, which in the
Australian outback was often the case. Only the Bunyip
made them.

And now, try as they might, no one can manage to
pull off the same trick. Few think it's a problem of
offended spirits — the same spirits seem quite willing
to enter and empower other fetishes — but whatever
the trick of making of these devices was, it was lost
along with the tribe. None now exist, and no more can
be made.

So formulas do exist for fetishes. They are passed
down from elder to cub and mentor to student, kept
alive through tradition and word of mouth. Yet they
are highly specific, and they are not perfect in any case.
Remember this, and keep fetishes unique and mysteri-
ous. Don't ever let them become just generic recipes of
spirit and object.

Te Pret Ink bags of Nagle —
Litkgohog a Fepth

How does anything ever get invented? On one
hand, inventions require innovation and cleverness,
no one who adheres solely to what has gone before can
move ahead. On the other hand, even great minds like
Newton declared proudly that they had only achieved
such heights by standing on the shoulders of giants.
Without comprehension of what has gone before, one
cannot move ahead either. And every single fetish,
even one that has been seen many times like a klaive,
isa brand new invention. No two spirits are exactly the
same (with the possible exception of Pattern Spiders)
and each must be approached differently.

Jpbhors ard Wife Card

The Glass Walkers are very aware of exactly
how similar the Weaver makes her minions, down
to the point where Pattern Spiders even answer
questions in exactly the same way. So why don't
they simply record how they managed to success-
fully create a fetish with one, and then simply
recreate that experience to reliably create fetishes?
They do, but the process is not as reliable as one
might think, nor is it quite as desirable.

The first reason for this is power. Pattern
Spiders are among the lowest orders of spirits; they
wield power because of their number more than
anything else, and binding more than one spirit
into a single fetish is a difficult exercise. Hence,
while the technique more or less works, it's not
very helpful for creating anything more than a
Level 1 fetish.

Human (or Garou) error is the second largest
reason. Even if Pattern Spiders were perfectly
predictable, Garou aren't. Tiny misperceptions or
incorrect implementation can wreck the proce-
dure, and create flaws.

Andfinally, Pattern Spiders simplyaren't 100%
reliable. The greatest embodiment of the Weaver
is an unmoving, non-decaying statue; the Pattern
Spiders are neither of those. Simply to live, any
creature (save presumably the members of the
Triat themselves) must hold in its balance some of
all the primal forces of life and death. Glass Walk-
ers call this the "Wyld Card". Sometimes, the
technique just fails, and fails spectacularly, for no
obvious reason. If the Storyteller wants to simulate
this in game, have the player make a Wits +
Rituals roll (difficulty 10). A failure indicates that
nothing changes. A botch indicates that the Wyld
Card has kicked in, and truly bad things will
happen. Success also indicates the Wyld Card has
also kicked in, but to the Garou's advantage, and
(assuming the rite succeeds) the fetish's Gnosis
score can be knocked down a point for each
success! Once in a while, fortune smiles.

Lurefil Research,

The first way to approach creating a fetish or talen
is by examining the fetishes that have been made
already. The character should begin with a very firm
idea of the kind of fetish she wants to make ("I want to
create a flute that makes Banes and fomori shriek
loudly in pain whenever I play it.") and then begin
searching for the proper way to create such a device.

42 Hammer and Klaive

ZA

ee


.

The aid of a sept in this research is crucial. An elder
Theurge who takes the time to instruct would-be fetish
makers can be a godsend, providing a wealth of expe-
rience and knowledge in the best ways to approach the
project: Which spirits would be best suited to do what
you're attempting to do? How would you go about
finding them? What tactics would work best toward
convincing it to bond with the object?

Failing this, or in addition to this, the connections
aGarou possesses become crucial in properly research-
ing the design ofa fetish. Mentors can work ina similar
manner to a helpful elder, though the experience and
nature of the mentor will determine much of his
usefulness.

Allies and Contacts are mostly a crapshoot. Since
they come mainly from human society, it's very rare
that they can ever help. At best, they can deal with the
physical side of the fetish. Ironically, the failures of
other Garou can on a tiny number of occasions be the
way Contacts (in particular) become helpful in the
creation of fetishes. Reports of ‘magical objects' or
religious phenomena can very occasionally be pointers
to breaches of the Veil, and in such rare cases these

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires

EE

leads can turn up useful information regarding ap-
proaches to fetish design. Such efforts are rarely worth
it, though. A more useful method of using Allies and
Contacts is in procuring the materials necessary to
design an object to house the spirit. Once the creator
has a reasonable idea of what she's after, it's worth
asking human friends about who could supply raw
goods or craftsmanship.

But sometimes the most useful supplies of informa-
tion about fetish design are, surprisingly, Kinfolk.
Having the ties to both human society (in the case of
human Kinfolk) and Garou society, a good Kin net-
work can ask around to find out about similar success-
ful fetishes both within and even outside the sept.
They can be open and up front with the creator (not
usually a luxury one gets with Allies and Contacts),
and can both discuss what the creator is trying to do
and make common sense suggestions about how one
might go about it. Many Kin are also excellent crafters,
and although spirits tend to prefer vessels created by
the fetish-wielder's own hand, asingular level of crafts-
manship will make up for that personal touch. Some
Kin have even been entrusted with the secrets of

es)

|

forging klaives and other silver fetishes (a hazardous
process for Garou), and these smiths might offer a
perspective that many Theurges would miss.

Note that at all stages, the character is much better
served if she has a stronger idea of the rationale for the

Hey, Can Kfolhe Use Fatitbat?

The answer is: Very rarely.

A few lucky Kinfolk do indeed possess Gnosis,
and therefore do possess the ability to use fe-
tishes. Such Kinfolk employ fetishes in the same
way as any Garou: They roll Gnosis to attune
themselves to the fetish and then either roll or
spend Gnosis to activate it. However, if having
Gnosis were the only barrier to Kinfolk using
fetishes, there would be more of them with fe-
tishes than there actually are — the rarity of
Gnosis among Kinfolk notwithstanding.

Fetishes are rare. Although it's possible that a
particularly noteworthy sept might have anumber
of small level'one and two fetishes, anything
greater than that is going to be a highly. political
object, with strong bidding rights to see whogets
claim to it. Even the oldest, most respected Kin-
folk simply won't beat out the Garou in a sept for
such a claim. And since the stronger, higher rank
Garou likely snap up the more.powerful fetishes
first, the younger Garou of course scramble for the
smaller ones. In the end, the Kinfolk are at the
bottom of the chain, and the fetishes run out
before it reaches them.

Also, Kinfolk cannot create fetishes at all.
Even the youngest cliath can at least hope to learn
the Rite of the Fetish and go out and make her
own. Kinfolk can't. Any fetishes Kinfolk own were
given to them by Garou. In the end, the only
werewolves who might do such a thing are the
Kinfolk's own family. The idea of giving their
family something to help protect them does appeal
to many Garou a whole lot, with spiritual "per-
sonal alarms" that call the Garou to the Kin's aid
being a common favorite.

Note also that there are a rare few fetishes
designed to be operated via Willpower rather than
Gnosis, with the intention of being used by Kin
rather than Garou. It's particularly difficult to
craft these fetishes (+2 difficulty on the Rite of the
Fetish), since the empowering spirits find it diffi-
cult to interact with a wielder without the com-
mon link of Gnosis. These fetishes are very rare,
and not very powerful; for some examples, see
Chapter Three.

44
i _

fetish's powers. For example, take the flute that causes
fomori and Banes to shriek in pain. If the character has
decided that she wants the flute's music to be unpleas-
ant to creatures of the Wyrm, that's a start. However,
if she pictures the fetish as one that creates music that
resonates with the "music of the Malfean spheres" in a
highly discordant fashion, creating the equivalent of
powerful spirit feedback in Banes (including those
bound in physical form as fomori) — that's more
specific, and more interesting. With a specific form of
spirit music in mind, the character should find it easier
to narrow her search — a reward for the player doing
her part to liven up the fetish creation process.

Onponal Rule: Research

System: Doing research on a fetish makes later
phases of fetish creation easier. Players must firmly
present the specifics of the fetish they seek to design to
the Storyteller — no one can do research if they don't
know what they're researching. With the Storyteller's
permission, players roll either their Mentor or Kinfolk
Background against difficulty 8, or roll Allies or Con-
tacts against Difficulty 9. Every success reduces the
target difficulty of the actual Rite of the Fetish by 1. A
botch indicates misleading research and the first suc-
cess on the Rite of the Fetish roll is ignored.

This also requires roleplaying and time, assume a
week of research for each point of Background —
Getting together information from a large family will
take longer than just asking your siblings to see what
they can dig up. If speed is required, players can elect
to roll fewer dice and take less time with their research.

Alternatively, of course, there is always the option
to grab the bull by the horns and ponder, "I wonder
what would happen if I bound a fire spirit into a fine
china plate?"

Naturally, there are... difficulties to this approach.

The first of these is that, for the most part, the
creator is on his own. The determination to be original
and experiment means that any research he does is
going to be, at best, a basic guideline. He might
discover a few "Don'ts" along the way — for example:
"Never offer a fire spirit a bribe, for it is in their nature
to destroy without reward." He might just discover
something in tribal legends that is similar to what he's
trying, but this is quite unlikely. Fetishes aren't com-
mon enough that everything has been tried. Far, far
from it. Nor are tribal legends told to just anyone,
especially if he's not even of that tribe. In short, there's
no real way to know what to expect, and no real
blueprint to help guide him.

Hammer and Klaive

eT.


But fine, that's what the character signed up for.
Anyone who sets out to wildly experiment is going to
relish the surprise he gets when it all shapes out,
however it does. But this leads to problem number
two: finding a spirit with the same adventurous spirit.
It's hard enough trying to convince a spirit to bind
itself into a tiny object, sacrificing its freedom to
serve you. But convincing it to agree to an experi-
ment in which it doesn't even know what it will be
doing is even more difficult. This is one of the reasons
there are anumber of "routine fetishes," such as those
listed in the Werewolf: The Apocalypse main
tulebook and in chapter three of this book. Even
these aren't necessarily easy or formulaic to make, but
both the Garou and the spirit have a fair idea of what
is happening. Trust can be more easily formed and
disagreements dissolved when both parties under-
stand exactly what is happening.

Purely wild experimentation has the difficulty of
going against the grain of animistic philosophy. There
are anumber of unwritten rules that influence how the
spirit world works, but the main thing to remember is
that spirits prefer tasks, homes, territories and even
methods of amusement that they would consider "ap-
propriate." A fox-spirit isn't the most appropriate
match fora pistol, but it might consider entering a bow
that's painted in bright colors that match its coat. It
isn't the best spirit to call on for accuracy, but it might
help a weapon strike from unexpected directions,
emulating the fox's ability to surprise prey with a quick
pounce. And if the Garou doesn't suggest anything of
this nature, but simply asks it to get in the pistol and see
what happens — well, the fox-spirit isn't really going
to be convinced that it's the right spirit for the job, or
that it will be able to express its vulpine nature through
the resulting fetish.

So, if it's all that much trouble, why bother?
Because you never discover anything worth discov-
ering without hardship. Without the willingness to
set out on your own and create, then nothing new is
ever created.

There is a reason that great fetish creators are so
highly praised in Garou society; since so many Garou
dabble at it, everyone has a fair idea of just how hard it
is. Those who create a fetish are respected as wise.
Those who can convince a spirit to bind itself to a
brand new, original fetish are revered as wise, as well as
charismatic and creative.

Ro Your Cun

Of course, players have this funny urge to be that
wise, charismatic and creative Garou who innovates in
the face of adversity. As they well should; it's their

ee

Right Down the Nidde

That said, if revolution and innovation aren't
quite the order of the day, there's always the
possibility of useful, creative evolution, too. Maybe
there's something very close to what's needed out
there, and all it needs to be perfect is a tiny
adjustment. Or maybe a clever reversal can work:
Ifa spirit of water can make a harmony flute work,
then could a spirit of fire make a "disharmony
flute," which incites any who hear it to frenzy?

Handling this is much easier than dealing
with an entirely brand new fetish. Simply take the
basics of the fetish and adjust accordingly. A
player wanting to make a set of Sanctuary Chimes
that work over 1000 feet rather than 100 simply
needs to find a more powerful spirit with which to
make the fetish, and the Storyteller adds to the
fetish's level and Gnosis rating to suit. In the case
of that Disharmony Flute, the Storyteller could
simply leave the level and Gnosis as is and change
the rules. Rather than every Garou needing to
make a Rage roll to continue a fight, they might
need to make a Rage roll to avoid flying into
frenzy. In both cases, use the existing fetish as a
basis for the new one, and negotiate between
player and Storyteller to work out the details.

game and they're the stars, after all! But then, of
course, the Storyteller ends up having to deal with
these requests and work out the rules for them. As
such, the Storyteller should keep a few things in mind.

First of all, hammer out exactly what the fetish is
and does. Remember that only the most powerful of
fetishes possess multiple powers, all others have one
very specific purpose. A sword that bursts into sun-
light upon contact with a vampire, doing double
aggravated damage to it would be very powerful, but
could conceivably still only be Level Four, especially
if it acts as a regular sword to all other enemies. A
sword that lights up with sunlight at any time, and
does double aggravated damage to vampires when lit
is definitely Level 5, because of its multiple powers.
Add in the ability to do aggravated damage to crea-
tures other than vampires and you're almost in the
field of a legendary fetish.

Also consider the object itself and any care it
might need. A razor-sharp leaf is a very cool concept
for some games — it'd fit right into many hengeyokai
games — but does the leaf maintain its hardness when
it isn't activated? Does it need to be kept pressed to
ensure that it isn't ripped? How should the owner care
for the fetish during "downtime"?

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 45

CO — —————


Likewise, consider exactly what spirit is needed.
Could a few different spirits conceivably do the job?
Think in metaphorical terms and give the player as
much rope as she can haul with her. Could a wave-
spirit work for a communication fetish? Quite possibly;
other spirits might spring to mind at first, but waves are
a perfectly good metaphor for sound or radio waves.

And does the fetish have any major drawbacks?
Phoebe's Veil is amazingly useful, but it can't be used
during the day. Were this limitation not placed upon
the fetish, it would probably be Level Four or even
Level Five. Fetishes with such drawbacks or extensive
care needed are worth dropping the Level or the
Gnosis of the fetish slightly.

Gnotks and Levef

Gnosis ratings range from 4 to 8, depending upon
the usefulness and rarity of the fetish. There are a very
rare few fetishes with lower Gnosis ratings than this,
but they are few and far between and nearly always
specific toa single tribal group. Storytellers ultimately
have the right to choose the Gnosis rating more or less
upon their own whim (although an idle whim isn't the
best rationale for any ruling), but the following is a set
of guidelines. Note that some exceptions are*inevi-
table, but these should help a group get a general feel
for what's appropriate.

© Gnosis 4 ratings only exist for talens with en-
tirely instant (but relatively less powerful) effects, such
as Bane Arrows. They are activated, perform a task
that takes less than a second, and then destroy them-
selves and release the spirit within them. Talens that
perform tasks that take longer than' an instant are
usually greater than Gnosis 4.

¢ Simple non-weapon fetishes that require the full
attention of the Garou to beused tend to have Gnosis
5. Examples of this include the Harmony Flute and
Spirit Tracer. Ifa fetish can simply be "left on," then it
probably has a greater'Gnosis score than this. Most
talens also have Gnosis 5. Any fetish with an effect
that takes longer than an instant and is not overly
powerful will have a Gnosis of 5.

¢ Simple non-weapon fetishes that can operate
independently after their owner activates them are
most commonly Gnosis 6 to 7. Examples of these
fetishes include the Apeskin, Baneskin, Sanctuary
Chimes, Monkey Puzzle and Phoebe's Veil. In addi-
tion, most weapon fetishes such as fang daggers and
klaives also fit into this group. What differentiates the
Gnosis 6 fetishes from the Gnosis 7 fetishes is their
rarity and scope. Grand klaives are a rarer and more
valuable fetish than "regular" klaives, and thus they
are Gnosis 7. Similarly, Phoebe's Veil has a wider

4

—

application thana Monkey Puzzle, which puts it higher
in Gnosis cost. Talens with Gnosis 6 or 7 are similar to
those with Gnosis 5 but witha varied effect rather than
aconstant one. (An example being Death Dust, which
effectively allows a dead creature to answer a series of
different questions.)

¢ Finally, Gnosis 8 fetishes and talens are those
which are simply too powerful to be anything but.
Anything that clearly possesses incredible power and
offers tremendous advantages above and beyond the
expected will possess Gnosis 8. (While most grand
klaives are Gnosis 7, many are Gnosis 8. Other fetishes
such as Spirit Whistles also possess the sort of strong
power a Gnosis 8 rating warrants.)

The Level of the fetish is not always important. If
the character is creating the fetish in game, then no
Background points need to be spent and thus the Level
of the fetish is largely irrelevant. However, if the player
wants to make a new fetish to start the game with, or
if the Storyteller wants to keep the fetish for future
games, it can be useful to know the fetish's Level. (In
addition, the optional extended Rite of the Fetish rules
below require it.) Again, the Storyteller ultimately
decides the fetish's level, but the following guidelines
may help:

¢ Level One fetishes are useful, though not incred-
ibly powerfulywithin the specific field they have been
designéd for. They typically have very limited use and
miay not be useful at all to some Garou. (For example,
Apeskins are useless for homid werewolves.) The cre-
ation of a Level One fetish is good "apprentice's work,"
useful practice in fetish-making with a handy (if not
overly imposing) result.

¢ Fetishes that can act on their own as a solution
toa problem in limited circumstances are at least Level
Two. Level Two fetishes rarely get much use, but when
they are needed can be an invaluable help. (For ex-
ample, a Spirit Tracer is only of any aid when trying to
deal with spirits, but it can hunt down a specific spirit
very easily.) Fetish weapons of this level are as effective
as a Garou's natural weaponry at best. Creating and
bearing a fetish of this level will earn you raised
eyebrows of respect.

¢ If a fetish has enough versatility to be of use in
a variety of situations, then it's probably Level Three
or above. Fetish weapons at this level begin to have
useful effects that make them often preferable to claws
and teeth (suchas the Fang Dagger) while non-weapon
fetishes have uses that are universal enough to see a lot
of use. (The Baneskin isa good example here. Tracking
down one specific spirit is sometimes useful, but Garou
run into Banes enough to make a Baneskin highly

Hammer and Klaive

—aiimmnimmmimee


attractive.) Creating and bearing a fetish of this level
will earn you admirers seeking advice.

Level Four fetishes go beyond this and produce
unusual and potent effects over a sustained period,
such asa Monkey Puzzle, or have devastating singular
effects, like a Spirit Whistle. Fetish weapons at this
level are extremely dangerous even to other Garou,
and merely presenting one will bring any Garou with
some sense to reconsider his actions. Fetishes at this
level, particularly weapons, are part of the myth of
the bearer and often become a suffix to their owner's
name. ("Mourns-the-Dead, carrying the Edge of Dusk
with her....")

¢ A fetish of Level Five stature is the greatest of the
great. Much like Gnosis 8 fetishes, if it's flat out too
powerful to consider in anything below, then this is
where it goes. There shouldn't be any debate over what
constitutes a Level Five fetish, since if there is it's likely
not powerful enough to be worth Level Five. A non-
weapon fetish of this caliber can work miracles, and
producing such a weapon as this can bring a whole
pack to reconsider their actions. Fetishes of this level
may possess more than one power, and are sept trea-
sures, and sometimes even tribal treasures! Such fe-
tishes are legends in their own right, and can even
overshadow the Garou who own them.

Level Six fetishes, however, are greater than the
greatest of the great. Garou do not make these fetishes
of their own accord — that implies that they had
control over their creation. Instead, sometimes one
may somehow be involved in its creation. Often these
fetishes are created by Incarnae from one of their most
trusted servants, or from a part of itself, or even giving
itself over to the fetish entirely of its own volition.
They are legends that pass down through the centu-
ries, can never be replicated, hardly even understood.
They wreck the lives of those seeking them, and make
the lives of those finding them. Needless to say, help-
ing to create one of these fetishes would be the goal of
an entire chronicle rather than a part of one, and such
creation is better adjudicated by story and drama
rather than rules.

The Stbritued Pgtaw —
Aaiiteg fodridl

Once the creator hasa fairly solid idea in her head
of what exactly she's trying to create, the next stage is
to go about finding and preparing the parts of the
fetish, both physically and spiritually. Depending upon
the fetish, either side of this search can be frustratingly
difficult and prone to unexpected complications.

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires

Nl

See samse es emecere reas eee

The Mtafertaf Side

The difficulty in appropriating the physical ob-
jects needed to make a fetish lays, oddly enough,
mostly with the spiritual side of the equation. The less
impressive and more ordinary or ugly the object offered
toa spirit, the more likely the spirit will reject the offer
out of hand. As a result, trying to find just the right
object for the job can bea long and difficult task. There
are three basic ways to approach gaining the material
components: find it pre-made, get someone to make it
for you, or make it yourself.

All of these have strengths and weaknesses. Buy-
ing an object pre-made can save time, if you know
where to look. In First World nations, even the rarest
and most esoteric contraptions can be bought over the
counter, or at the very least in warehouses. Need to
make a fetish sitar? You can probably get one within a
twenty-minute drive, provided you live ina major city.
The weaknesses, however, are two-fold. For one, you've
got very little control over the object. Once you buy it,
you can try to decorate it, but for the most part it has
a preformed shape and if it's not ideal, then you either
go back and look for another one or deal with it. Also,
once you delve into the world of human commerce,
you're risking running into entities like Pentex subsid-
iaries. Banes and other nasty spirits can hide in all sorts
of objects, ready to ambush any Rite of the Fetish
performed by the careless.

Commissioning someone to make the object for
you can bea very nice compromise. Youcan talk to the
person making it, you have a lot of input into the way
it turns out and you don't need to have an exhaustive
knowledge of the type of object involved to do it. Nor
is the danger of exposure so great; materials that aren't
mass-produced have a much smaller chance of running
into the embedded curses and Bane fragments that
Pentex's subsidiaries are so talented at attracting. And
if the crafter is a proper professional, they won't pry
into what you want the object for. Unless, of course,
you get another Garou to make it for you, in which case
the risks are virtually nil. And better yet, you can be
entirely up-front with him about what you need. A
strong relationship with a member of another Chang-
ing Breed can be riskier, but even better in some cases;
if you're looking for a relic that will impress a sun-spirit,
it's hard to go wrong with Mokolé craftsmanship. If you
can get it, that is.

The problem with commission work is that it will
generally cost quite a lot. If you're dealing with hu-
mans, expect to pay hundreds of dollars, if not thou-
sands, for many objects, depending on the object and

47
—


how well you want it made. The reason things in retail
outlets cost so little is that they're factory made —
getting just one is expensive. And while Garou or Fera
may not demand money, it's almost certain there will
be some sort of quid pro quo involved. You might get
something of a cost break if you're commissioning your
work from someone related to you via a Background
(particularly Kinfolk, Allies or Mentor). As a way of
guiding their charges, some Mentors help out by mak-
ing the physical object fora fetish, just as their mentors
may have done so for them in the past — others may
insist that their young charges do the work themselves,
but they'll at least try to arrange for proper instruction.
This doesn't mean that the Mentor won't ask for
something in return, but since half the point is the
character's education, it will be a much cheaper price.
And finally, you can go it alone and make it
yourself. This has a whole host of advantages. Spirits
tend to prefer a fetish made by the owner-to-be,
because the creator has invested more in it and is
likely to treat it better. You don't
= need to decorate a fe-
. tish by adding on
\ ornaments after
the fact, you

can incorporate the decoration right from the begin-
ning and craft a beautiful object as is. There's no risk
of discovery from ugly influences, and you don't risk an
artist forcing his own unwelcome interpretation on
the object. There's only one drawback, even if it's a
fairly large one — you need to know how to make it. A
lot of good solid Craft ability is a must for going down
this road, but the rewards for such effort mean that
many would-be fetish creators work hard to improve
their ability here. Some even begin to think it's part of
the job description: You're not a fetish creator unless
you create the fetish, every last bit.

Orponal Rule: Auerbbog Pets Maperhat

Systems: Finding an appropriate object is mostly
a matter of shopping around and having an appraiser's
eye. Roll Wits + an Ability appropriate to the object
being searched for. As an example, looking for a good
sword would come under the Melee ability, while a
good flute would fall to Performance. The difficulty of
the roll depends on the rarity of the object: Something
you can find in an average
mall would be 5,


something you find in specialty shops would be a7, and
something truly exotic would be a 9. These do not
reflect so much the difficulty in finding any such
object, all that requires is a lot of hard work and
research. Rather, this reflects the difficulty of finding
a good example of the object; the rarer the item, the
more likely you'll have to settle for what you find.
Finding a good quality item is essential — If the Wits
roll gets less successes than the Level of the Fetish,
then few spirits will ever bother negotiating to enter it.

Finding someone to make an item for you is more
a matter of knowing those in the field rather than the
field itself. Rolling Allies, Contacts and Kinfolk is the
easiest way to do this, witha difficulty depending upon
the size of the field. Of course, if the character knows
someone in the field directly, success should be auto-
matic. Some Storytellers may also allow players trying
to find pre-made fetishes to also make onevof these
Background rolls to enlist the help of those they know.
("Dear Suzy, how's my favorite little sister? Hey, you
wouldn't be able to check out some music shops in
Portland and search for a...") Every two successes on
this roll reduces the difficulty of the other roll by 1.

Finally, making am object yourself is'a straight
Wits + Crafts roll, with a difficulty set by the Story-
teller depending on the complexity of the object.
Storytellers may also give bonuses based upon other
associated Abilities. For example, a Garou with Me-
lee 5 is going to-/have an easier time crafting a good
sword than-an untrained klutz — he knows precisely
the length and balance that suits:/his hand, and can
work accordingly.

Chepartng the ObjeP

Even after an object has been properly crafted and
decorated, an object simply can't be presented to a
spirit with the words "Hop in." Instead, fetish creators
subject the object toa series of minor rituals in order to
facilitate the entry of the spirit into the object. Much
in the same way water can channel electricity, these
preparations act as a conductor for the spirit, channel-
ing it into the fetish.

These rituals vary from tribe to tribe and breed to
breed, but all have the basic goal of attempting to
expose the fetish to elements that the creator believes
will make the fetish more attractive to spirits. Some
Uktena bury their fetishes in animals' bodies for sev-
eral days before bringing them to the Rite of the Fetish,
in order to give them a smell of death that the sort of
spirits they tend to use will appreciate. At the other
end of the extreme, Children of Gaia might carry the
object they will make a fetish from over their heart for
a full year in order to give it an aura of life. Glass

Walkers send the item around the sept (and if possible
to other septs) for their tribemates to approve. The
approval is only a rubber stamp, but it validates the
object as worthy of the spirit. And the Get of Fenris
might subject their objects to all sorts of rough treat-
ment, such as exposing it to the desert sun, or throwing
itdowna rocky waterfall. Many objects break from this
treatment, but the Get can hold those that survive
before any spirit and state with conviction that this is
an object of fine strength, such that any spirit would be
honored to be part of it.

Systems: There doesn't need to be a system
attached to this phase of the fetish development.
Technically speaking, it is in fact part of the Rite of
the Fetish and is covered under its rules. The only
tules.that might be required is an Athletics roll for
when the aforementioned Get of Fenris fails to see his
would-be klaive float down the river and needs to
swim after it, fast.

Preparing Cnatoff

In similar fashion, most fetish creators spend time
preparing themselves for the process of creating a
fetish. The logic is that they will be interacting with a
spirit in a very difficult negotiation — they are asking
aspirit to give up a longtime in its life in order to assist
them with one very specific task. Any edge that can be
gained is worthwhile, so purifying and preparing one-
self makes just as much sense as purifying and preparing
the object.

How specific this cleansing is depends highly upon
the sept and tribe of the creator, and the traditions
within which he exists. For some, it is a fairly generic
Rite of Cleansing, performed witha smoldering willow
branch dipped*in pure water. For others, the rite is
connected. to the fetish, this being seen to help with
creating the fetish.

An excellent example of this exists among the
Silver Fangs. When makingaklaive, the creator kneels
with two large tribemates standing behind him, one to
either side. Another stands in front of him, holding the
silver blade that will become a klaive and begins to
howl. As the howl begins, the two Silver Fangs stand-
ing behind the creator begin howling as they grab firm
hold of the creator's shoulders. At this point, the other
tribe mate presses the flat of the blade against the
maker's chest, inevitably causing him to howl in pain.
This lasts as long as possible, and as the creator falls
backwards with pain, the others throw pure water over
him to cool his burned chest. The pain is purifying, and
connects the creator with the soon-to-be klaive.

At the other extreme, the Wendigo purify them-
selves in total solitude and thought. At sunset, a

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 49

*-, -——cia—eniaiiemee in.

|

Wendigo ties the prospective fetish to a branch on a
tall tree with a long rope, then ties one of her hands at
the other end. (Many make this easier by having
someone else tie one end of the rope to their hand in
advance.) When the sun fully sets, they slowly lower
themselves and hang from this branch by the wrist,
allowing the strain upon their body to focus their
mind. As the sun rises, all pain washes from their body,
and they cut the rope above the fetish and let them-
selves fall. In this rite, the goal is the purification of the
mind, not the body.

Onftond Rupe: Preparing Coetoff,

System: This phase of creating a fetish can be
handled entirely within the rules forthe Rite of Cleans-
ing. (Werewolf: The Apocalypse, page 157.) Story-
tellers may choose to give a bonus»for particularly
successful Cleansing Rites, reducing the difficulty on
the Rite of the Fetish by 1 for every success rolled over
the level of the fetish being created. Creative varia-
tions on this Rite should also be rewarded by dropping
the difficulty on the Rite of Cleansing by 1.Whoever
performs this rite (and it need not be the fetish creator
in most cases) must know the'Rite of Cleansing, this

part is not contained within the Rite of the Fetish.

Lat rocks

It's at this pointyafter having readied both their
own body and the object for the fetish, that the creator
must fully commit to the creation of the fetish. Once
the spirit fonan object has been contacted, after all; it
is difficult'to suddenly decide to try and shoehorn in
one more element in the equation. Spirits don't take
too well to "Can we reschedule?"

Assuch, smart creators take this chance to double-
check everything. Is there a single imperfection or
scratch on the object that they somehow missed be-
fore? (This occurs rarely, as the perfection of the object
is something most fetish creators become neurotic
over ensuring. Considering how much work goes into
makinga fetish, this is unsurprising.) Have they forgot-
ten any element their elders told them to observe? Do
they know what sort of chiminage they may be called
upon to offer, and what sorts are they prepared to offer?
One crucial question many unwise creators forget to
ask themselves at this point is: At what point is the
fetish no longer worth the trouble, and when should I
walk away?

Many creators also use this time to buy a little
insurance for themselves by acquiring an aspect of the
spirit they're trying to contact, in case a very hurried
Rite of Contrition is needed. (And a Rite of Contri-
tion can work, since they can be performed in a hurry
provided the ritualist is ready to perform one.)

50 Hammer and Klaive

guitar a

Any last doubts, worries or insecurities must be
dealt with at this point. After this, there's no turn-
ing back.

Covtachiug the Spit

Once so committed, the creator moves toward
finding the sort of spirit that they need to complete the
fetish. There are two ways to go about this: Rite of
Summoning, or a spirit quest.

The advantages of a Rite of Summoning are that
it is both quick and efficient. The ritualist merely
needs to name which spirit he wants to bind into the
fetish, perform the rite, and wait until the spirit finds
them. In nearly all cases, this is the preferred method
for finding the spirit needed fora fetish. Though some
Garou argue that a spirit quest is preferable since it
ensures you won't anger the spirit by summoning it,
this tends toybe"anargumentifayored more by ama-
teuts than elders. The spirits used in fetishes are
Gafflings, ever so rarely Jagglings, and these spirits
are easy to summon without offense. Furthermore,
the length of time taken just to reach this point in
making a fetish means that there's no point in rushing
the Rite of Summoning, and so it's trivially easy to
make sure it's done right. (In game terms, the Rite of
Summoning in this ase rarely has a difficulty of more
than 5 to begin with, and there's almost never a
reason it can't be brought down to 3 by spending two
additional hours on it.)

Thearguments for making a spirit quest is mostly
if the fetish creatordoesn't know the Rite of Summon-
ing, and many Garou are of the opinion that frankly,
the correct procedure in this event is not to begin a
spirit quest but rather to learn the Rite of Summoning.
Some prefer to forge ahead on a spirit quest anyway,
some from impatience, some from necessity (there are
certainly times when a fetish needs to be completed as
quickly as possible) and a very few from machismo.
These last feel that just summoning a spirit is cheating;
a proper fetish should have the spirit searched for and
found in the exact same way the object itself is. The
one other reason why a spirit quest is sometimes seen
as a useful choice is when a very specific spirit is
required for a fetish, such as the spirit of a single,
particular tree in Brazil. Needless to say, this is such a
rare situation that spirit quests are common only when
the fetish in question is meant to be a powerful one
empowered by a powerful spirit.

Oona Rife: Contacting the Spptt

System: As with the Rite of Cleansing, this can be
handled using the rules for the Rite of Summoning
(Werewolf: The Apocalypse, p. 161). Storytellers
should probably not offer bonuses for this Rite; it's very


easy to get 4 or 5 successes. They will, however,
probably want to impose a penalty for a poor success.
Should only 1 or 2 successes be rolled, the difficulty of
the Rite of the Fetish goes up by one. (In effect, this
leaves the difficulty at 10, but any bonuses that bring
the difficulty down need to get past this penalty first.)

The Rife of the Fithh

After all that goes before, the Rite of the Fetish
itself is almost an anti-climax, but the emphasis is on
the word "almost." For the creator, this isa moment of
anxiety, almost terror. They have devoted weeks,
months, even perhaps years in some cases, toward this
moment, and there is every chance that it will all be
wasted in an instant.

The Rite begins with a ritualized greeting. In
many cases, this is done not only verbally but also
physically, via dance, song and howling. There is a
strong element of theater to this; the idea is to impress
the spirit. Since the type of spirit varies, the ritualist
must likewise vary herymanner to meet it. An ait-
spirit, flighty and wild, may be impressed by agile,
nimble dance and a beautiful voice. By contrast, a
boar-spirit is likely to be impressed by little but
strength or stoi¢ism, and any dance would be almost
like gymnasti¢s, designed highlight control of the
body and physical might. Anda spirit of Honor might
be best approached with nothing but a respectful
distance, no flamboyant show, and a calmly spoken.

Ntuking Télen

While talens follow,the same rough creation
process as fetishes, it's'a much more relaxed sé-
quence. Most talen ¢reators do not bother to
purify themselves, it is seen as an extra, unneeded
step. The actual Rite at the end is usually quite
simple and straightforward, requiring few taboos
and never a Gnosis sacrifice, and in fact many
talen creators summon numerous spirits and bind
them into a group of talens in one fell swoop. (The
Gift: Call to Duty is tremendously useful in these
cases.) For systems, employ the same procedure as
creating a fetish, but assume one taboo has already
been placed — "I will be used only once and then
teleased" — which reduces the difficulty by 3.

To make one talen only requires one suc-
cess, but if the creator wants to make several
talens of the same kind in one go, then treat the
collection as one fetish with a Level equal to the
number of talens being made. The reduced dif-
ficulty still applies.

See ener ms enrreieren ree ee

formal introduction. Like many Garou rites, the Rite
of the Fetish is not rigid, but malleable and creative.

Once this greeting has been made, the spirit
responds, often with a light-and-mirrors show of its
own. (Rites of the Fetish involving fire-spirits can be
utterly spectacular.) Much like the creator, the spirit
involved also wants to be impressive, but to a very
different though not directly opposed purpose. While
the creator's goal is primarily to convince the spirit to
enter the fetish, the spirit's goal is not to remain
outside the fetish. (After all, if it doesn't want to
enter the fetish, then it has a much simpler way of
ensuring this: It can leave.) Rather, its goal is to exact
as many conditions as can be managed upon how the
fetish will be used, how it will be treated, and all in all
how comfortable its existence will be as a fetish. As
one Glass Walker put it, "A Rite of the Fetish isn't a
political compromise, where two nations who want
to kill each other come together and try to find a
happymedium. It's a business negotiation. The buyer
wants to buyyethesellemwants to sell. The only
sticking point is the price..."

Once the greetings have been made, the next
part of the rite involves.the presentation of the
object. The ritualist holds forth the object*for the
fetish to the spirit, along with the first formal request
to the spirit to enter the object. Usually, this request
is made with a lot of flattery attached. Rarely is the
spirit named without a "Mighty," "Majestic," "Grace-
ful" or some other adjective inserted before; these
may seem excessive when aimed at a Gaffling not
deemed worth a spirit quest, but the formality is much
appreciated. Sometimes, just sometimes, this alone is
enough to end the Rite and the spirit graciously
accepts, before entering the fetish. (In game terms,
this happens when the player successfully rolls with-
out spending Gnosis, agreeing to taboos, or any other
method to lower the roll's difficulty.)

But most of the time, this doesn't work. Instead,
the spirit disdains the object and declares it unworthy.
It hardly matters what the object is: A stunningly
beautiful golden goblet encrusted with rubies is as
quickly rejected as a grubby cup decorated with a few
plastic beads. This doesn't mean, though, that the
quality of the object is irrelevant to the success of the
rite. Remember that the rejection is a pretense, part of
the act. If the spirit accepts the object as worthy
immediately, it loses the ability to ask for taboos and
other bonuses that it might want out of this exchange.
So even if the object is deeply, truly impressive and
worthy, it is declared worthless almost every time.

This is what begins the majority of the Rite of
the Fetish. The spirit denounces the object, and in

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 51

————— a


Speer rere cree a reco arr rc a rem mrwrensenrensh

response, the creator attempts to prove the object's
worthiness by words alone ("I sent this mighty blade
hurtling from the heights of a great waterfall, and it
has endured without a mark upon it! You are wrong,
great spirit, this is worthy of your attention!") or by
adding sweeteners to the deal. ("I still think you are
wrong, but would you perhaps agree were I to ensure
this warhammer was held by none but Ahroun like
myself? You know that true warriors will treat you
with proper respect."). The spirit can also initiate
negotiations and suggest ideas. ("It's a pathetic
whistle. Besides which, I've still got business in
destroying the cluster of Banes eating away at the
Glade Children over to the east, and I couldn't do
that if I was trapped in that whistle. Perhaps if
someone else agreed to do it....")

The tussle continues back and forth with the
ritualist praising the spirit and commending the object
to it, and the spirit in turn denouncing it and insulting
the ritualist. (Often very personally — some types of
spirits, particularly wolverine-spirits, can be impres-
sively scathing and/or crude!) This continues until
finally, something occurs to break the cycle.

The first, most desirable outcome is that the
spirit suddenly capitulates for no apparent reason.
There is rarely a slow progression toward acceptance,
instead the spirit continually insults and rejects until
suddenly it turns around and agrees to enter the
fetish. At this point, the ritualist internally breathes
a deep sigh of relief and begins working on the final
stage of the ritual.

The second outcome is perhaps the most depress-
ing. As the spirit continues to demand more sweeten-
ers and suggests more and more chiminage, the price
simply rises too high. At this point, the ritualist breaks
the cycle by either turning around and insulting the
spirit back before attacking it, (At which point it flees)
or by simply suddenly ceasing their praise and walking
away. No matter what, this ends the rite. The object is
now worthless for a fetish.

The last outcome is that the spirit, grown tired or
even insulted by the offers of the ritualist, breaks the
cycle by attacking the ritualist, or turning around and
leaving. In either case, this ends the rite and again, the
object is wasted. Somehow, the rite marks the object
and no spirit will ever accept it from this point on.
(Some suggest the spirits talk among themselves, and
why would one accept the castoffs of another?)

But assuming neither of these latter outcomes
result, the Rite of the Fetish is a success. The Ritualist
takes the object and hurls it into the air, and the spirit
rushes into it before it hits the ground. Once it is picked
up again, the object is now a fetish, and one very

52
_—,

Zanes and tle Toe

It goes without saying that when a werewolf
binds a Bane into a fetish, much of the guidelines
of the Rite of the Fetish go out the window. The
Garou don't care whether ornota Bane is comfort-
able or not, and they damn well aren't going to try
placating it with dark praise or Wyrmish taboos.
Banes are generally captured, intimidated, beat to
hell.and outright forced into the fetishes that
require their empowerment. In these cases, the
Rite of.the Fetish is pronounced almost like a
sentence over the quivering, zero-Essence form of
the subdued Bane.

Of course, some Garou (and for that matter,
some Changing Breeds) practice this kind of no-
holds-barred brutality.on spirits other than
Banes. The Shadow Lords may bind spirits in
this matter asadominance gesture, and the Get
and their associated spirits may find trial by
combat much more meaningful than a compli-
cated dance of formalities. The polite approach
is not always taken — indeed, sometimes it's not
even appropriate.

relieved and joyous ritualist has earned themselves a
lot of Wisdom.

Optional Rite Modlffers

Systems: As described in Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse (pg. 161-2) the Rite of the Fetish is performed
with a Wits + Rituals roll at difficulty 10, which may
be reduced by a number of means. The following may
reduce the difficulty of this roll, but is certainly not an
exhaustive list. (Nothing could be!) Reward players
who think outside the box and create imaginative ways
to convince, coerce or connive ways of making a spirit
enter the fetish.

© Call to Duty (Level Two Philodox Gift,
Werewolf, pg. 140) may be used as a supernatural edge
within the Rite. A successful use of this Gift drops the
difficulty of the Rite by one. However, unless the
ritualist spends two Gnosis, they must know the name
of the spirit they intend to use in the fetish. This Gift
does not allow the Philodox to simply say "Get in the
fetish;" that sort of thuggery tends to earn a well-
deserved ass-kicking from the spirit.

¢ Clever persuasion can work to convince the
spirit to enter a fetish, but then, that's exactly what the
Rite of the Fetish is. Not a few spirits just ignore
anything the ritualist says — Gnosis talks, and bullshit
walks. None the less, a well delivered speech or song
can reduce the difficulty of the roll by one. The roll is

Hammer and Kflaive

ER


Charisma + Expression, Performance or Leadership
(whichever is highest) with a difficulty of the spirit's
Willpower. At least as many successes as the level of
the fetish are needed.

¢ Gnosis isa costly, though reliable, way of bribing
a spirit into agreeing to form a fetish. By giving the
spirit a permanent point of Gnosis, the difficulty is
reduced by two. Some physical method of transference
is needed; bleeding over the spirit is very common.
Giving up Gnosis is, however, something every Garou,
and indeed every shapeshifter, is horribly loath to do.
Remember that Gnosis is more than a number on a
page, and more than simply the fuel that powers
certain Gifts. It is a connection to the world, each and
every part. Garou of high Gnosis see every scurrying
insect, every fluttering bird, every swaying plant.
Werewolves look at the world and immediately empa-
thize with it, respect it, desire to protect it. Now
imagine feeling that, and then the next time you see
the same bird, not giving a damn about it. This crea-
ture, which you have given your life to defending
(along with the rest of the world) suddenly means
nothing. Sacrificing Gnosis even for a good cause has
this effect, which can shake the hardest war-
rior. Some Storytellers may wish to
tryandemphasize this by ask-
ing players who sacrifice
Gnosis to roll as
many dice as
they sacri-

Serene ms ameaseren rene Nn ee

ficed, with a difficulty of their current Gnosis. A
success means that they fall immediately into Harano.
© Taboos can be offered either by spirits, or by the
ritualist. As noted before, many spirits are very fond of
simply demanding a taboo and then not stating what
it should be, forcing the ritualist to think on her feet.
Storytellers can pull the same trick on their players
too, suddenly demanding a taboo before the roll be-
gins. (And, if they like, suddenly springing a condition
on the taboo such as "... and I want it to be something
to do with water." Or, automatically disregarding the
first taboo they come up with and asking for a second.)
If the player comes up with a clever and interesting
taboo, the Storyteller should reward this with a goodly
sized difficulty bonus, -2 or even -3. Any taboo, how-
ever, that has a negative gameplay quality should at
least offer a -1 bonus.
¢ Direct threats are a difficult thing to pull off.
Nothing in the Rite of the Fetish actually compels a
spirit to remain; it's a negotiation with a spirit toward
creating a binding agreement compelling it to stay in
the first place. So when a Garou flexes his muscles
and asks if the spirit would enjoy a few unusually
placed piercings, most spirits simply bolt for
cover, breaking the Rite. There
are ways to succeed in this
sort of endeavor, how-
ever. One way is
to get your
packmates


Seer ere ree ceo ere coe are a a rmsmarrwrensmnrenrv

to help, surrounding the spirit and cutting off an
escape before it begins. This is a dirty ploy, however,
and it has an unfortunate side effect: It proves to the
spirit that you couldn't hurt it alone. This tactic
produces cursed fetishes with stunning regularity and
it's generally unpopular.

A more well-considered ploy involves trying to
make the spirit flee early on in the Rite and then,
because the ritualist was ready for this, hunting it
down swiftly and capturing it. This can put the very
fear of god into a spirit and convince it not only that
it's worth agreeing to enter a fetish, but that it's worth
behaving once it's inside. Bane Arrows are com-
monly employed for this if the spirit summoned is a
Bane (for example, in order to create a Baneskin).
The rolls for these threats depend on how the'threat
is performed, and the Storyteller should ultimately
judge based on exactly what happened. The bonus to
the difficulty could be as much as -3 or -4, buta failure
will immediately end the Rite.

¢ Indirect threats,are sneakier, but often more
effective than direct ones» A direct threat has a very
limited timespan on it. Once a spirit is bound into the
fetish, after all, what worse can be done to it? Many
spirits often thik they would have been' smarter to
accept death rather than.an eternity of forced servi-
tude, and begin cursing theifetishias soon' as possible.
But making a threat against something that the spirit
values doesn't go away. Evemif they're trapped inside
a sword, what they value remains safe. Are they pre-
pared to endanger that? Few are.

The problem is that there aren't many situations
where these threats can work. You can't, indirectly
threaten a Bane; they know that the Garou can't
protect anything of the Wyrm. Their own triballaw
forbids it. On the other side, an animal or nature-
spirit will feel betrayed by this sort of threat, and why
should they then believe anything the ritualist says?
But, in the few cases where the ritualist has the
leverage needed to do so, it can be startlingly effec-
tive. Most often, it's a Charisma or Manipulation +
Intimidation roll, difficulty of the spirit's Willpower.
Each success above the level of the Fetish reduces the
difficulty by 1.

Oiloral Rufat —
Letonidee) Phe of the Patil

The rules for the Rite of the Fetish in the
Werewolf core book are very quick and to the point,
designed for the most efficiency possible. You can
make the fetish, the story isn't interrupted, and the
game goes on. They are fantastic for when a fetish is an
important stop in the story.

54
~~

But what if you want to make the creation of the
fetish itself the story? The system is probably a little cut
and dried for this sort of thing. While you can pad the
creation out a little bit, roleplay through the creation
ritual and bargain on the difficulty of the roll, it does
come down to that one roll. These rules are designed
tostretch out the Rite of the Fetish a little so that it can
become the climax of a story.

These optional rules simulate the Rite of the
Fetish with a Resisted and Extended test between the
ritualist and the spirit. The ritualist rolls Wits +
Rituals, but this time with a difficulty of the spirit's
Willpower. (Any modifiers based upon the quality of
the object or any other preparation are counted for this
extended roll.) In return, the spirit rolls Gnosis with a
difficulty of the ritualist's Charisma + the level of the
fetish. (It's much harder for a spirit to turn down a
chance to be in a grand, incredible fetish than in a
standard run-of-the-mill one.)

The ritualist needs to gain a number of successes
more than the spirit €qual:to the Level of the fetish
being. made. (So a Level 4 fetish will require the
fitualist to roll four more successes than the spirit.)
The spirit needs to get a number of successes more than
the ritualist equal to the ritualist's Chatisrva. (At
which point, the spirit presumably gets bored with the
proceedings.)

What makes this moré'complicated is that every
roll beyond the first in the extended test must be
éarned by the ritualist by trying another tactic in the
negotiation. Any of the tactics discussed above (such
as Gnosis bribes, taboos, threats, and so forth) are
legitimate, as are any clever tricks the player might
think of.

Finally, the ritualist can choose to ‘double up' on
tactics in order to reduce the difficulty. Instead of just
émploying a taboo, they could offer two taboos. The
first taboo earns the ritualist another roll, the second
one drops the difficulty of that and all future rolls.

This continues until either the ritualist gains the
needed advantage of successes (whereupon the fetish
is created) the spirit does the same (in which case the
spirit becomes bored and leaves) or the negotiations
stall, with the ritualist unable to think of a way to
continue. (In which case, again, the spirit leaves.)

Example: Desota Mourns-the-Dead is a Galliard
with Charisma, Wits, and Rituals all at 3, and Expres-
sion 4. She is attempting to make a Shadow's Echo, a
wooden flute that eases the souls of the recently
deceased and stops them becoming ghosts. To do this,
she is attempting to bind a water-spirit into the flute.
This spirit has Gnosis and Willpower 7.

Hammer and Klaive

———————


The Shadow's Echo is a Level 3 fetish, with Gnosis
7, and the water-spirit seems relatively curious about
the very finely crafted flute she's produced, which was
properly purified. This drops the difficulty for Desota -
1, from the spirit's 7 Willpower down to a 6. Mean-
while, Desota's Charisma 3 plus the fetish's Level 3
give the spirit a difficulty 6 to beat.

This worries Desota immediately. She sums up her
chances and doesn't like them. Before her first roll,
which she gets for free, she immediately offers a taboo:
No one but her shall use the Echo, until the day she
dies. The spirit likes this, and her difficulty drops down
another point to 5. She's convinced she has the edge
now, and both make their rolls.

Desota is pleased with her roll, her six dice produce
anice five successes, but she winces as the spirit does
her one better, rolling six successes on its seven dice.
The spirit mocks the fetish and makes remarks about
her private life. Keeping calm, Desota pleads with the
spirit, praising its wondrous grace and imploring it to
see how right it would be within the flute. The Story-
teller, agreeing to this, asks her to roll Charisma +
Expression, difficulty of the spirit's Willpower (7). She
gains three successes, and again Desota and the spirit
roll. Both roll four successes, a stalemate.

Sensing it slipping away from her, Desota offers a
second taboo: that it will not be used to calm the rest
of those who murdered innocents. The spirit likes this,
but asks instead for those who tortured or abused
innocents. Desota agrees, and again they both roll.
Desota gains three successes, the spirit two. The bal-
ance becomes even once again.

Running out of room, Desota begins to wish she
hadn't given away that first taboo, she's not rolled a 5
yet. Not willing to give up Gnosis, she takes a darker
tone, informing the spirit of just how close the Apoca-
lypse is, and asks if it would like to be responsible for
Gaia's death. This is another oratory and strictly by the
tules she shouldn't be allowed to use this tactic again,
but the Storyteller likes the very different tone and
agrees to allow another roll if she can roll more successes
on Charisma + Expression than she did last time. Desota
rolls four successes, and the Rite continues.

Suddenly, something goes wrong. Maybe the guilt
trip went too far, or maybe just time grew too long, but
either way, disaster strikes. Desota only rolls two suc-
cesses, while the spirit rolls six. With four more suc-
cesses than Desota, the spirit suddenly turns and deserts
the area, and Desota, already feeling tears well in her
eyes, acknowledges the Rite has failed.

Optional Rufus for the Opplonal Rifas

The optional extended Rite of the Fetish rules
make creating fetishes very difficult, especially
once you try to make a Level 4 or 5 fetish. This is
entirely intentional — Garou who succeed in
making such incredible devices are widely re-
nowned for their successes. Making a fetish is a
very tough job.

If you'd prefer to make things a little easier,
however, the easiest way to do this is to increase
the difficulty for the spirit. Make the spirit's roll's
difficulty the ritualist's Charisma + the fetish's
level + 2 (max. 10), and the spirit will get out of
the way more easily. Storytellers may also wish to
do this to illustrate a spirit who is actually quite
keen to enter the fetish.

Cutrks and Strangenal

Though the utter bare bone essentials of the Rite
of the Fetish are basically laid out above (and yes, the
bare bone essentials are fairly involved) many Garou
and Fera add little quirks to the process as well, ones
that either are strictly aren't mandatory but have the
power of tradition behind them. And the power of
tradition is a considerable power indeed. Others are
simply, well, weird, and defy many of the traditional
principles of a fetish.

Zipth Nawmer

"It's a Stradivarius. They all have names."

— James Bond, The Living Daylights

Fetishes have incredible personal meaning to their
wielder. For the creator, this is hardly surprising — if
you put that much effort into the creation of a single
object, it will end up meaning a lot to you. But they
tend to accrue names even in the hands of others.
Sometimes a fetish comes with a very insisted-upon
name from the creator; other times the respect that
fetishes embody simply by being fetishes mean that
they are named regardless.

Without a doubt the most commonly named fe-
tishes are weapons. Almost without exception, every
fetish weapon among the Garou carries a name. Fetish
weapons find a very powerful place within the Garou
heart; they speak to the primal nature of the Garou as
Gaia's Warriors, and once they've been used even
once, few can resist seeing it as a living thing in its own

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 55

EEE erence.


tight. Hence, it's a rare day Garou talk of "a klaive," at
least when referring to a specific klaive. They instead
hear of Wyldburn, the Dragonblood Sabre and
Balmung. A fetish's name may take almost any form,
whether direct and to the point (such as the Black
Spiral klaive Gutripper) or innocuously poetic (such
as the House Wise Heart klaive Maidensong). Some
fetish names may seem somewhat coarse (the Bone
Gnawer fang dagger "Rusty's Shiv"), but there is al-
ways an undercurrent of respect. If a fetish knife
possesses a name like "Smiley," it's likely a dark-humor
reference to the sort of ear-to-ear smile that happens
not along the face, but along the neck.

Among the Fera, similar sorts of rules apply, but
appropriate to their role. Bastet tend to most com-
monly name fetishes associated with stealth, as do
Nagah. Ratkin name few of their fetishes, because
many earn a name no more complicated than "loot."
Gurahl most commonly name fetishes associated with
healing, Corax with vision, and Rokea with travel;
curiously enough.

Joled Spbolt Fatttbas

One of the strangest approaches to creating a
fetish, a solid spirit fetish is created without any real
object at all, but instead from part of a materialized
spirit. The most notorious fetish of this type is the
Black Spiral Dancer fetish known as a Devilwhip,
made from the severed tentacle of a Bane.

Creating one of these is actually trickier than it
looks. Materialized body parts of spirits can remain
materialized within the physical world, as long as the
actual spirit itself isn't dead. Once youslice the tentacle
from a Bane, it doesn't vanish the moment it leaves the
body. Instead, it drops to the floor, wriggles like crazy
and whips blood around like crazy until the Bane drops
dead, at which point everything dematerializes at once.
So to create a fetish from part of a dematerialized spirit,
you need to sever the limb without killing the spirit.
This in itself is exceedingly difficult, and many Black
Spiral Dancers actually make deals with Banes in order
to secure a tentacle rather than attack it directly. (And
some spirits prefer the idea of simply amputating part of
themselves than being completely taken captive within
an object. Most, however, do not.)

Once this is done, the body part will exist within
the material world until the spirit it used to belong to
dies, which can sometimes be a long time indeed but
often isn't nearly as long as the fetish creator would
like. In order to preserve the spirit part within the
physical world, the creator binds a second spirit into
the part, which roots it back into the Umbra, shatters
the bond it has with the first spirit and allows it to
survive regardless of any other event.

5

A ———

System: As per any normal fetish, except that
there'sa time limit in place. If the spirit from which the
part is harvested dies before the Rite of the Fetish is
completed, then the part will vanish.

Spbolt Eatrtbaed Ftbat

While the Black Spiral Dancers may be regarded
by some as sick and twisted for their use of solid spirit
fetishes, many Garou think it's not the most depraved
practice around for making fetishes. Yes, it's abhorrent
and perverse, but at least one of the spirits involved in
it chooses to be involved. (And often both.) The same
may not be said of spirit-birthed fetishes.

Spirit-birthing is an unusual process with limited
application and some serious drawbacks, but among a
few groups it retains popularity. The technique begins
by planting a seed, ideally of a creeping vine, though it
is possible to.getthe technique to work with other
plants. When it just begins to sprout, the object that
will become a fetish is somehow placed within the
plant's grasp. With creeping vines, this.is fairly easy,
other plants require some manipulation.

The plant is then allowed to grow for years, with
the object carefully tended to avoid rot or degradation.
Then, once the plant has grown long enough, the
fetish maker enacts'the Rite of Awakening upon it.
What happens surprises many that aren't familiar with
the practice — the spirit awakens in both the plant and
within the object itself. Once this is done, the creator
pulls the object from the plant, taking the spirit with
it, and a fetish»is.created.

This method has numerous disadvantages. First of
all, it's slow. Really slow. The process takes anywhere
between two years to a full decade to complete, a time
unacceptable to most shapeshifters, werewolves or other-
wise. In the old days, the Changing Breeds might have
had that kind of time, but not now. Also, it can only work
tocreate fetishes that have aplantspirit bound into them.
Against this it has one sole advantage: It is reliable and
doesn't require negotiation with the spirit to work.

But it is this advantage that makes it also exceedingly
hated by many groups. Forall that makinga fetish isa long,
hard and difficult process with a high chance of failure, few
are willing to recommend slavery above giving the spirit
a free choice. To those who oppose the practice, this
technique is nothing but very indirect coercion.

Nonetheless, the practice is still in use among
some groups, primarily among some Children of Gaia
septs and the Glass Walker camp known as City
Farmer. Even then, most of the Children denounce it,
as does half the City Farmer camp.

For their part, most spirits bound within a spirit-
birthed fetish don't seem to mind, and remarkably few
are cursed. Those who use the technique champion

Hammer and Klaive

inner <<,


this as proof that it works, those opposed claim that the
spirit doesn't know any better and compare it to
abusive relationships.

Systems: Making a spirit-birthed fetish requires
the plant to grow around the object for a number of
years equal to twice the level of the fetish — a Level
Five fetish takes a full decade to grow. After this, all
that is required is a successful Rite of Spirit Awakening
and a good tug.

Mob fee Spetoit Fafthar

While normally only one spirit is bound within a
fetish, it is possible, though more difficult, to bind in
more than one. This can be done for a number of
reasons. Among the Black Furies, it is an uncommon
tradition to bind multiple spirits of the same kind into
the one fetish. The Glass Walkers have sometimes
employed a machine-like process to fetish making,
binding different spirits into different parts of the
fetish and then activating the whole to produce
spectacular effects. And of course, the grand klaive has
always traditionally been made with two spirits, one of
which serves the purpose of giving the grand klaive
supernatural ‘bite', and the other providing a more
unusual service. And for each of these purposes there
is a different method for such multiple bindings.

Among the Black Furies, the method is quite
simple. More than one Rite of Summoning is em-
ployed, or the Gift: Call to Duty is used to summon as
many of the correct type of spirit involved. Most of
these are dismissed until only two or three remain, and
then the Black Fury performs the Rite of the Fetish for
all of them, with negotiations occurring between the
Black Fury and the spirits, with the spirits negotiating
as a collective whole. All of them agree to join the
fetish and perform the same role, or none of them do.

The Glass Walkers have a slightly more compli-
cated task. While they alsosummon multiple spirits and
perform the Rite in a single go, they always employ two
different Rites of Summoning to call the two different
spirits. Negotiations become a three-way affair with the
Glass Walker forced to not only get each spirit to agree
with his terms, but also with each other's. (Not a few
business-oriented Glass Walkers deal with this by re-
sorting tocomplicated legalese and trickery. The method
tends to work well.) Once the terms are hammered out
between all parties, the Glass Walker assembles the
parts together to complete the fetish.

The most difficult trick is that of the grand klaive.
The Black Furies simply substitute multiple spirits in the
fetish for one, with all accomplishing the same task.
While the Glass Walkers have some more difficulty in
creating the fetish with their methods, once in the result
is very similar — the fetish does one thing and one thing

ee ee

only. Grand klaives, by contrast, do more than one
thing, and this means that it can't be accomplished
within a single Rite of the Fetish. As such, the standard
way this is accomplished is to do it twice.

Once the first Rite of the Fetish is completed, the
process begins anew. The grand klaive is purified once
more, the Ritualist goes ahead and purifies herself
again. And then the Rite of the Fetish is once again
performed, this time for the second spirit. This is not
easy, and can quite easily go wrong, causing the grand
klaive to break (often spectacularly). Every so often,
the collision caused between the two spirits causes a
massive burst of spiritual energy that can damage and
even kill the ritualist and anyone nearby.

But, assuming this doesn't happen, the second Rite
allows another spirit to be bound into the grand klaive
and carry out its functions as well as the first, with only
one activation required to make both happen.
Onttond Rope: Ntuofiiehe Emponertng Spthe

System: Both the Black Fury and Glass Walker
multiple spirit fetishes can be made using the basic rules
for the Rite of the Fetish. In neither case does having
multiple spirits bound into a fetish change the rules for
the fetish, and so no new rules are needed for creating it.

The double spirit in the grand klaive (or in any
similar fetishes that the ritualist may be trying to
create) is handled differently. As noted, the Rite of the
Fetish must be performed twice. On the second time,
if successful, roll the Gnosis of the first spirit within the
fetish against a difficulty of the fetish's level times 2.
(For a grand klaive, this is 8 dice against difficulty 10.)

If even one success is rolled, then the fetish sud-
denly erupts and is worthless. One die of aggravated
soakable damage is done to the ritualist for every
success rolled. If no successes are rolled, then the spirit
enters the fetish without a problem. The fetish's cre-
ator can reduce the number of dice used by the fetish
to resist a second spirit by the same methods used to
reduce the Rite of the Fetish's difficulty — coercion,
taboos, and so on.

This technique can be applied to other fetishes as
well, and it is possible to bind more than two spirits
into a single fetish in this way, but it is much, much
harder. Every time a spirit beyond the first is bound
into a fetish, the roll needing to be made is the
accumulated Gnosis of all the spirits in the fetish,
against a difficulty of twice the level of the fetish.

Lora avd Coord Virlations

One unusual situation is that there genuinely isn't
much variation in how the various Fera make fetishes.
While there are some legitimate differences in the
style of the Rite, the overall animistic truth of the

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires 57

ee a er

ee

aN

Werewolf universe remains the same for all the Chang-
ing Breeds. Each shapeshifter may take a different
approach to placating the spirits, or may pursue differ-
ent spirits to create different fetishes because of the
different tasks they are called upon to perform. These
variations in roles and societies certainly mean that a
fetish has a different social significance among each
shapeshifter society. But the actual way in which they
are created remains remarkably similar among all of
the Changing Breeds.

There are two theories that surround this basic
truth. The first is that there is a single origin of the Rite
of the Fetish, that one of the Changing Breeds came up
with the idea and it has since spread to all the others.

If this is true, then the question becomes "Who
had it first?" The first answer is "We did," declared by
almost every Breed. The second, and far more thought-
ful, answer tends to work via deduction. Almost imme-
diately, the Rokea can be dismissed. They have an
almost nil fetish culture, and the amazingly weak
number of human born Rokea, especially in ancient
times, suggests they wouldn't have begun the process
of binding spirits into tools. The same holds true of the
Gurahl; the high number of bears (as opposed to
humans) in the breed suggests they weren't the first to
create fetishes. Though they are rarely considered in
the debate, the Nagah's spiritual limitations likewise
make them an unlikely choice, and the Nuwisha are
likely disqualified on grounds of being hardly materi-
alistic at all. Finally, few believe the Ratkin could have
devised the first pact to create fetishes, as the Ratkin
are renowned for impatience and a penchant for de-
struction, not creation.

As such, the most commonly accepted originators
of the fetish are the Ananasi, the Bastet, the Corax, the
Garou, or the Mokolé. The greatest question mark
among these five is over the Bastet; their predilection
for copying human magics causes some to discredit
them, but most agree this isn't reason to discount them
entirely. The Ananasi are a favored choice among
some because of their strong Weaver affiliations; Many
see fetishes as a form of Weaver magic and this answer
would support their beliefs. Lastly, more than a few
thinkers (and far from all of them Garou) grudgingly
admit that the Garou have more fetishes than any
other breed, and a greater diversity of fetishes than any
other breed, and this suggests it was quite probably
them. Others, of course, dispute this point.

Others disagree with the first theory, however.
They suggest that instead there may well be multiple
points of origin and argue that there's a certain biologi-
cal determination of the Rite of the Fetish. The pri-
mary difference between the Changing Breeds is in

5

i,

a 2 ee

their animal form, otherwise they all have a common
element — humanity. Some argue that fetishes are a
uniquely homid invention, and that therefore the race
of the shapeshifter is an irrelevant factor in how the
Rite has developed. They see the human factors as far
more important than the questions of breed and pur-
pose. Many attack this theory on this ground — while
it explains how the physical form of the breed doesn't
influence the Rite of the Fetish, it fails to explain why
the different purposes of the Changing Breeds wouldn't.
The truth of the matter probably isn't important;
what matters is that long ago, both shapeshifters and
spirits agreed to the arrangement that still binds both
sides today. Being the first to the negotiating table is a
point of unnecessary pride; upholding the agreements
made there is a far more telling proof of character.

Zip Natofenance

Once a fetish has been created, by any means, the
main thing most owners worry about is the prospect of
it becoming cursed. Cursed fetishes are mostly the
result of a displeased spirit, doing its best to annoy and
disadvantage the fetish owner, either in the hope of
changing the owner's habits toward something the
spirit more heartily approves of, or simply as a way of
punishment. In either case, most fetish owners take
several steps in order to avoid this fate.

Lecorafion

Decoration is a standard part of most fetish cre-
ation from the beginning, the idea being to create a
more attractive object of which the spirit will want to
be a part. But most fetish owners continue decorating
their fetish even after creation, adding beads, painting,
or carvings over time. If spirits like decorations in the
first place, they reason, they'll like more of them over
time too.

Generally, this isa good technique. Most spirits do
appreciate the decorations and as a result they can
dissuade even an unhappy spirit from taking action
against its owner. Some Children of Gaia insist that it's
more the attention such decorations connote than the
decorations themselves that make this work, while a
few Shadow Lord Theurges suggest instead that it's
more of a currency effect. If no decorations or similar
gifts are given, there's little incentive for a spirit to
behave. But if they are receiving nice treats on a
regular basis then misbehaving has consequences —
the treats are cut off.

Perhaps the greatest problem this technique has is
that, after a while, there's simply nowhere left to
decorate and the fetish can quickly begin to look, ina
word, tacky. Smart creators begin to replace decora-
tions rather than simply add constantly.

Hammer and Klaive

eter //,


Cursed Fiflthar

No mechanics are provided for determining
when a fetish might become cursed, whether
through the recalcitrance of an unhappy empow-
ering spirit or a nasty result on the Rite of the
Fetish. This is deliberate; carefully tracking day-
by-day fetish maintenance isa bookkeeping hassle,
and it should be up to the Storyteller to determine
how stringent or lenient the standards should be.
As a general rule, a fetish should become cursed
when it's reasonably obvious that it has been
maltreated, with it left to the Storyteller's discre-
tion as to what is "obvious." Spirits that have been
forced into their fetish homes, of coutse, rebel
much more readily than those that were properly
beseeched for their aid.

Another potential origin for cursed fetishes is
corruption. A long-lost klaive that's found in the
ribcage of a long-dead Wyrm-beast in the heart of
a disused (but still potent) Hive might have been
tainted by the long years spent there. A fetish
weapon that tastes the blood.of innocents too
often might developsunpleasant quirks. Again,
this should be.seén as more of an interesting story
hook than'as an extra bookkeeping mechanic.

The penalties imposed by a cursed fetish are
left to the Storyteller to determine, but should
usually involve an increased difficulty to activate
the fetish, or perhaps a penalty to whatever rolls
are used in conjunction with the fetish. For in-
stance, acursed weapon might subtract Melee dice
from its wielder as it twitches and spasms in his
grip. The penalties should be inconvenient, but
not crippling; truly nasty curses should be reserved
for the focus of an entire story.

Shtvat

Analternative to decorating the fetish is to create
a decorated place to keep it. Fetish shrines are there-
fore quite common, large holders for fetishes usually
consisting of a basin or plate upon which the fetish is
placed and a large backboard that stands behind and
above it, proclaiming the fetish's name and other
important information in decorative glyphs.

Shrines vary wildly in tone and style from group to
group. A traditionalist Black Fury may very well make
a shrine from marble in classical Greek style, a Glass
Walker may create a work of gaudy modern art, while
a Hakken may create a place of sparse elegance and a
delicately made case to contain his ancestral fetish.
The primary downside to a shrine is that they require

Chapter Two: Born in Vulean's Fires

Nl

Soe ener es emreeieren pee eee

some degree of permanence, andas such they're mostly
useless to those who intend to travel a lot.

Gnarls Sacrifiee

An extreme option, usually only called upon to
calm a fetish that has already become cursed and that
has resisted all other calming efforts, Gnosis sacrifice
mirrors the same technique employed during the Rite
of the Fetish. A physical connection between the
owner and the fetish is created, most commonly by
bleeding upon the fetish. In this connection, Perma-
nent Gnosis flows from the owner to the fetish.

This sacrifice has as devastating effects upon the
owner as it does upon the creator during the Rite of the
Fetish, and is thus exceedingly unpopular. But if noth-
ing else works, Gnosis sacrifice nearly always does.

Ripe of Con

The Rite of'Contrition is a cure when employed
with fetishes, only brought out if the fetish has already
become cursed. As a general rule, they're quite effec-
tive in assuaging the anger of a minor spirit within a
minor fetish, but a cursed grand klaive or similar fetish
is considérably, moreidifficult to calm.

System: If the Rage of the'spititwithin the fetish
is not known, substitute its Gnosis as thedifficulty. A
number of successes equal to the Level of the cursed
fetish are required to appease the spirit within.

Re of the Peacock

If the Rite of Contrition is a cure employed when
a fetish becomes cursed, then the Rite of the Peacock

‘is preventative medicine. The Rite of the Peacock is

performed either once a year, once a season, once a
month, oncea week or even once a day, and is designed
to stroke the ego of the spirit and keep it happy.

The rite varies highly depending upon the breed
performing it and the human culture (ifany) surround-
ing the ritualist, but always possesses some common
themes. The rite begins with a performance of some
description, either singing, poetry, dancing or howl-
ing. Once this is completed, the ritualist continues
with a string of praises for the fetish and the spirit
within the fetish. To complete the rite, the fetish is
held above the ritualist's head and its name is chanted
three times.

System: The Rite of the Peacock is a Level Two
Rite. The ritual is handled with a Charisma + Rituals
roll, difficulty of the fetish's level + 3. If the roll
succeeds, the fetish will not become cursed for at least
one month, regardless of anything else. In extreme
circumstances, the Storyteller may say the level of
abuse the fetish is subjected to overrides the power of
this Rite.

59
an

|

arinye ,
ee \ -

= SS —4j


Allthat exists lives. The lamp walks around. The walls
of the house have voices of their own. Even the chamber
vessel has a separate land and house. The skins sleeping in
the bags talk at night. The antlers lying on the tombs arise
at night and walk in procession around the mounds, while
the deceased get up to visit the living.

— Chukchi Shaman

This chapter contains a number of new fetishes for
all breeds, tribes and auspices, and even some for the
various Changing Breeds. The list is hardly meant to
be comprehensive; even adding together the fetishes
in this book, all the Tribebooks, the Players Guide to
Garou and the core rules, you still have only a repre-
sentative sample. Use these fetishes as written, or
simply as ideas on which to base your own creations;
it's all up to your group. They are divided into several
categories for ease of use, and ranked from Level One
to Level Five within each category. (Variable-level
fetishes and talens are listed after the Level Five
fetishes by group.)

General Fetishes are presumed to be primarily
Garou fetishes, although a Storyteller might permit
one to be general knowledge for some other Changing
Breed if it seems appropriate; Air Foot Anklets, for
instance, seem awfully appropriate for Bastet or Kitsune.

Breed Fetishes are not guarded jealously, since a
werewolf breed is not really as much a subculture as

tribe or auspice. However, there is a certain social
stigma that comes from using a breed fetish attuned to
abreed other than the owner'; it's generally associated
with being inappropriately ashamed of your own heri-
tage. Of the various breed fetishes, only the homid
fetishes are likely to be adapted by other Changing
Breeds; the Fera have such varying relations with their
metis (and, of course, no wolf-bloods) that the prin-
ciples behind Garou breed fetishes are usually alien to
other shapeshifters.

Auspice Fetishes are, more than any other type,
tools of the trade. They are never fashioned for
werewolves of other auspices, and are loaned out only
between packmates, and then almost always tempo-
rarily. Using a fetish specific to another auspices is, to
many Garou, one of the first warning signs that a
werewolf is going to try to renounce his own auspice.
Fera are only rarely able to adapt auspice fetishes, with
a few obvious exceptions (Gurahl; Nuwisha and
Ragabash fetishes; and so on).

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 61

> arn eerie a

Tribal Fetishes are probably the most jealously
guarded of the various sorts, as they are as much links
between tribemates that reinforce the tribal society as
they are spirit tools. Again, a werewolf might lend a
tribal fetish temporarily to a packmate of a different
tribe in times of need, but the practice is frowned upon.
Werewolves take pride in their tribes, and in the
unbroken chain between ancestors and descendants.
Keeping tribal fetishes in the tribe's hands is simply a
manner of showing the proper respect. Obviously, only
under remarkable circumstances should a Fera have a
fetish that closely mimics a Garou tribal fetish.

Kinfolk Fetishes are quite rare, being designed to
be used by Kinfolk without Gnosis. They are difficult
toconstruct and hard to find; the representative samples
have been updated from Kinfolk: Unsung Heroes.

Changing Breed Fetishes are like tribal fetishes in
that they should probably not be assigned to members
of other shapeshifter races; it somewhat undercuts the
theme of the Breed in question. As always, though, do
what seems best for your chronicle.

Abftvation Role

Several fetishes have variable effects depend-
ing upon how many successes are made on the
activation roll. If the player chooses to spend a
point of Gnosis instead of rolling, then these
fetishes work as if the player had rolled as many
successes as he has Gnosis.

Gener Setter
Gornd Waperkin

Level One, Gnosis 6

The Eternal Waterskin most likely began as a
Silent Strider fetish going back to their earliest days of
travel. At present, though, it is a general fetish. It
simply proved too useful for other tribes not to create
their own versions. Tribes like the Bone Gnawers,
Glass Walkers, Silver Fangs and Uktena all have or
once had desert-faring members; while the Fianna and
Get of Fenris possessed sea-faring cultures that like-
wise found it useful.

The fetish is a waterskin decorated with various
glyphs and then bound with a water spirit. When
activated, the water-spirit fills the waterskin once
more. Garou with one of these fetishes can thus cross
great distances without needing to find a water source
for weeks.

6.

en

Lf of le

Level One, Gnosis 6

Made of pure silver and bound with an ice-spirit,
a bell of ice is about four inches tall and engraved
around the edge with glyphs warding against magic.
When activated, the ice-spirit seeks out and embraces
any victims of a lingering enchantment, causing them
to shiver violently. This is very useful for seeking out
victims of magical mind control or otherwise attempt-
ing to explain unusual behavior. It works on Garou
rites or Gifts, vampiric powers or blood magic, and the
magical spells and incantations of sorcerers and mages.

It will not detect the presence of evil spirits in
people (such as fomori or possessing ghosts) nor will it
detect the condition of being a blood-thrall to vam-
pires. Such conditions are not magical, despite being
supernatural. If for some reason the victim wants to
resist being discovered of their own free will (i.e., the
enchantment isn't compelling them to resist) then
they may try not to shiver by making a Willpower roll
at difficulty 8.

Spot Start

Level One, Gnosis 5

Historically, a Spirit Sextant is one of the most
unusual fetishes among the Garou. Most commonly
the Glass Walkers are known for adopting the fetishes
of the other Garou for their own purposes, but the
Spirit Sextant was originally created by the Glass
Walkers (when they were known as Warders) and has
since been adopted by other tribes. The Sextant is a
common naval sextant, bound with a sunflower-spirit.

The Sextant works by tracking the spirits within
stars, much in the same way a sunflower tracks the sun
as it moves across the sky. By tracking the positions of
various stars, the Spirit Sextant can always tell which
direction is true north (as opposed to magnetic north)
when activated.

Truth Earring

Level One, Gnosis 6

Few Garou like being lied to. Many Garou love
this fetish. A small golden earring bound with a ser-
vant of Falcon, the Truth Earring acts as a fairly
reliable lie detector when activated. Should the wearer
be lied to, the earring vibrates softly. All rolls made to
try and deceive the wearer through speech or sound are
made at +3 difficulty. The earring does not warn
against visual deception.

Hammer and Klaive

I


Llivkst of Pracafal Ratt

Level Two, Gnosis 7

Nightmares can be dangerous things. Not only can
they hint at and foster insanity or Harano (and both
are all too common threats of the Apocalypse War),
but they can also be windows to the soul for Banes like
Nocturnae to exploit. Often employed both to protect
packmates or Kinfolk, the Blanket of Peaceful Rest
ensures that those sleeping beneath it suffer no night-
mares. Any spirit attempting to supernaturally cause
nightmares must first achieve at least one success on a
Gnosis roll (difficulty 7).

The fetish can backfire, however. Cursed Blankets
of Peaceful Rest are some of the most notorious fe-
tishes, stripping their victims of not only nightmares,
but also dreams. Some have awoken from under one in
the grip of horrible depression. Others haven't risen
from their slumber at all. Sleep is a time when even
Gaia's defenders are vulnerable, and a fetish that
guards them while they sleep is a very dangerous thing
to have turn upon you.

A Blanket of Peaceful Rest is bound with a Lune

or an owL-spirit.

Lark Mak

Level Two, Gnosis 6

There's a lot of debate as to where this fetish
actually came from. Most would. guess the Stargazers
immediately, as it seems to be exactly the sort of thing
a Kailindo master would favor. However, those who
know of the Stargazers' aversion to fetishes»would
dismiss it as unlikely in the extremes A few educated
guesses argue that it originated with the Get of Fenris
during the Dark Ages; the Silver Fangs during the
Renaissance; or a Glass Walker who'd simply watched
too many kung fu films.

The Dark Mask is a simple strip of black cloth,
made so that it is completely opaque. Within it is
bound the spirit of an owl. When activated and worn,
the wearer effectively goes into frenzy, receiving all
benefits and detriments thereof. The user doesn't
appear to be in a frenzy, however, but instead looks as
if he's fighting normally other than being unable to
distinguish friend from foe. In addition, the wearer
suffers no penalties to Perception rolls while this fetish
is activated.

Perhaps the main benefit of this fetish is that its
mimicked frenzy issomewhat controllable— the wearer
maintains the ability to pull the mask off at any point
and end the frenzy by spending a Willpower point.
However, there is one exception to this: It is still
possible to actually frenzy while wearing the fetish.
Should this happen, the wearer cannot think enough

See sans rs a rreseren reeves me

to remove the mask, which wouldn't stop the frenzy
anyway. They do retain the benefits to perception
during an actual frenzy.

Drea Cafoher

Level Two, Gnosis 6

The Dream Catcher is a fetish than has spread
throughout the Garou Nation primarily by human
culture. Originally a Pure Ones fetish that was cap-
tured but rarely understood by the European tribes,
over time the commercialization of dream catchers
and their populatity has driven more young Garou to
learn about these fetishes. As such, they are now
widely known among all the tribes with any numbers
in North America.

Made from a simple hoop of wood with a web of
sinew threaded within, Dream Catchers can be used in
a number of ways. Many Garou create small dream
, catchers and wear them, others hang them above the
‘beds of those they wish to protect. Others still hang
them in windows. In all cases, the rough effect is the
same: Any Bane attempting to possess someone the
Dream Catcher is protecting becomes caught in the
web of the Dream Catcher. The Dream Catcher re-
mains activated for twelve hours.

A Protection, Guardian or Weaver-spirit must be
bound into a Dream Catcher.

Gp. he Nil

Level Two, Gnosis 5

The Eye of the Night is an unusual fetish in that its
effect changes from day to night. A small circular glass
disk maybe 5 inches im diameter, the fetish is either
bound»with.a sun-spirit atdusk, or a Lune just before
dawn. Both spirits produce the same effect in this fetish.

When activated, the disk is hurled into the air and
at its apex will suddenly stop and remain centered over
the user's head. If activated at night, the disk will
suddenly burst into a glow as powerful as the full moon.
This can be useful for searching dark areas, and it will
also stun any opponents who can't make a Wits +
Alertness roll at difficulty 7. (Stunned opponents lose
their next action; this fetish can't stun entities that
don't rely on sight.)

During the day, however, the disk goes black as a
starless night and filters the sunlight through the night-
infused glass, creating a shadow around the user dispro-
portionate to the Eye's size. This is most particularly
useful during very long, hot, sunny travels. Garou with
this fetish receive -2 difficulty to Stamina rolls for
fighting off exhaustion under appropriate circumstances.

An Eye of the Night can be activated once per
scene.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 63

>, necesita ieee cian


Fifty Yard Ritter Rope

Level Two, Gnosis 6

A product of the Wild West, the rattler rope is a
lasso made of rope of four strands, and with a snake-
spirit bound into it— traditionally arattlesnake-spirit,
hence the name. Most are made to a length of about
ten yards. However, when activated the lasso can
extend to a length of around fifty yards, and throwing
it that distance with accuracy is just as easy as it would
be to throw the lasso ten feet.

Netting someone with a lasso is a Dexterity +

Athletics roll, difficulty 8.
Kinth}e Doff

Level Two, Gnosis 6

A favored fetish among the Get of Fenris, Silent
Striders, and any Garou with a predilection for travel,
the Kinship Doll is created from a traditional doll.
What "traditional" in this case means depends entirely
upon the culture to which the creator is native. (Get
of Fenris often make traditional German or Scandina-
vian children's dolls, but Glass Walkers and Bone
Gnawers have been known to kit bash action figures
and get results.) The doll must resemble the specific
Kinfolk of whoever holds and uses the fetish, and must
then be imbued with the spirit of any animal that gives
birth to more than one child at a time.

When this fetish is activated, the doll begins to
talk, telling the holder where and in what physical and
mental condition the specific Kinfolk is. The informa-

tion is fairly specific, such as "I'm in a basement in a
house on the corner of 3rd and Main in New York, and
tight now my right knee is hurting a lot, I'm bleeding
from several places, and I'm very, very frightened."
Lagomorphs Boon

Level Two, Gnosis 7

The good luck charm was a constant favorite
amongall Changing Breeds, long before this particular
incarnation was devised. But the Lagomorph's Boon,
undoubtedly the product of an unnecessarily convo-
luted Glass Walker, deserves mention as a quick and
effective adaptation of a human superstition — the
lucky rabbit's foot. Since then, it has become a favorite
among the Bone Gnawers, Fianna and Glass Walkers.
It is bound with a luck-spirit.

For every success rolled when activated, the
Lagomorph's Boon turns a single 1 on any roll into a 2
which can turn a failure into a success in very rare
circumstances. The Booncan be activated once per scene.

There is another version of this fetish that looks
extremely like the Lagomorph's Boon but is notably
smaller. It is also a Level Two, Gnosis 7 fetish and,
when activated, automatically restores all spent Rage
but forces the user to make a frenzy check (difficulty 5).
This fetish is bound with a spirit of Rage or War.

Law Sku

Level Two, Gnosis 7
A favorite among the Children of
Gaia, this fetish is so widespread that it
is considered a


general fetish. The Law Skull is made from the skull of
an enemy bound with a spirit servitor of Falcon. The
skull is then decorated very specifically. The fetish
maker paints set of runes representing every tenet of
the Litany running in a row from the base of the skull
up and over to the teeth. He then inscribes the left
temple with the glyph for "Glory," and the right
temple with the glyph for "Wisdom." He draws the
glyph for "Honor" between the eyes.

On its own, the Law Skull does nothing. Placing
an eye of a defeated foe into one of the sockets is the
only way to activate it. When this is done, the skull
speaks to the user, telling him of things the foe's eye
saw before he died. These stories are of wrongdoings
the user committed, including breaches of the Litany
but also of more general sorts, wherein the character
did not act to the highest regards of Honor. With the
eye placed in the left socket, the stories are of wrong-
doings in regards to Honor and Glory. Should the eye
be placed in the right socket, then the stories are of
failings in Honor and Wisdom. In listening to these
stories, the user can understand shortcomings in their
own behavior and move to rectify them.

In addition, the Skull can be used upon others as
away to prove guilt or innocence, but this is difficult.
The dead eye must have seen the transgression and,
unless the accused agrees willingly to hold and use the
Skull, then the Skull must make a roll of its own
Gnosis against a difficulty of the target's Rage in order
to divine which story the victim doesn't want told. If
the roll is failed, then it tells a different story, or
simply tells none.

Noongfeam

Level Two, Gnosis 5

The Moongleam isa smooth pebble, usually either
found smoothed by a river or else ground down by
machine tools to a glassy finish. A Lune is bound into
the pebble, imbuing it with moonlight. It cannot be
used during the day, but activating it at night turns it
into a light source. How strong the light is depends
upon the phase of the moon. Under the new moon the
light is unsteady and very faint, like a dying candle.
The crescent moon has a steady but faint glow, while
the half-moon produces a light equivalent toa modern
day flashlight. The gibbous moon allows for a glow as
powerful as a car's headlights, while under the full
moon the Moongleam can flood an entire area with a
powerful light. During this last phase, the Moongleam
can blind opponents temporarily if used unexpectedly.
(Opponents can try to cover their eyes quickly by
rolling Wits + Alertness, difficulty of the fetish user's
Dexterity + Subterfuge.)

See sare emwasere cream Nes ane

Ar Sv0t Anklet

Level Three, Gnosis 6

Traveling lightly takes on a whole new meaning
with these anklets. Bound with the spirit of an insect,
bird, or the air, these bronze anklets make every
footstep hit the ground with almost no impact whatso-
ever. This very simple trick has a multitude of effects
that all come into play when the fetish is activated.

The first effect is that the wearer ceases to leave
even half the trail they normally would — no foot-
prints, no disturbing of dust. Any attempts to track the
wearer via any means other than scent while these are
activated are made at +2 difficulty. Similarly, the
wearer's feet make almost no sound when they hit the
ground — Stealth rolls to sneak around are made at
-2 difficulty.

Furthermore, they aid Stamina while running.
Wear and tear on the feet and lower legs while wearing
these is nearly nil, and even in Homid form Garou can
run miles without feeling pain. All Stamina rolls
involving long distance running become easier by -2 to
difficulty.

Some things are not aided, however. The magic is
not quite powerful enough to make the user float, and
while it may help with landing some small jumps
(Storyteller's discretion) if you jump off a skyscraper,
these won't help you in the slightest.

Sin Whe

Level Three, Gnosis 7

This exotic fetish takes the form ofa bullwhip with
small nuggets of gold bound into the coil, weighted
with a large nugget in the tip. The fetish maker's tribal
glyph (or sometimes a family crest), is carved or other-
wise imprinted upon the base of the handle. Binding a
sunlight or fire-spirit into the whip completes the
weapon. When activated the weapon glows slightly
and upon making contact with a vampire bursts into
either sunlight or flame. Against vampires, the weapon
does Strength +4 aggravated damage, although the
difficulty to strike properly is 7. Against other foes, a
Sun Whip does Strength +1 lethal damage.

Whittle Cif

Level Three, Gnosis 6

The Whistle Call is a small wooden whistle, often
lacquered, carved with glyphs, or decorated with beads.
Within it is bound the spirit of an infant mammal, a
bird-spirit, ora wind-spirit. Once activated, the whistle
may be blown to instantly inform the user's entire pack
that she is in trouble. Though the whistle does make a
noise, the pack does not need to hear the noise to

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 65

a ee ee NY


Speer rere ree cree ren coe arrears marred)

understand the message. With a second activation and
"sounding," the whistle can communicate its exact
position to the user's pack.

Book of the Spbrits Secreet

Level Four, Gnosis 7

The Book of the Spirits' Secrets is made from
red leather and must be at least two inches thick,
and is then bound with a nautilus, clam, or Venus
flytrap-spirit. This spirit acts as a "vessel spirit,"
allowing another spirit to reside inside it and tempo-
rarily become the spirit empowering the fetish. The
second spirit must be present at the time of the
book's activation.

Opening the book to the first page and then
inscribing the name ofa spirit activates the fetish. This
works for nature-spirits, Banes, ancestor-spirits, or
even ghosts. For every success on the activation roll,
the spirit answers one question. Speaking the question
aloud causes the book to flip toa page where the answer
(as the spirit would know it; the book cannot cure
ignorance) is written. If the subject is not a Gaian spirit
(such as a Bane, Weaver-spirit or ghost) the activation
roll is resisted by the spirit's Gnosis or Willpower,
whichever is higher.

With five or more successes on the activation roll,
the Garou may instead choose to ask a favor instead of
the questions. The favor consists of employing one of
the spirit's Charms, once. After the spirit has dis-
charged its duties, it is free to leave.

Fiathered Conk

Level Four, Gnosis 8

A highly difficult fetish to make, requiring thou-
sands of differently colored feathers, a Feathered Cloak
can take years to create, but the end results are spec-
tacular not only in function but in form. Properly
made, the cloak shows a dazzling array of different
colors and patterns, and it is said that gazing on one for
three days without wavering in one's attention makes
it possible to see the road of life itself in the pattern of
feathers. This may or may not be true, but what is
certain is the spectacular effect the fetish provides:
The wearer can fly.

When activated, the wearer can rise above the
ground and travel horizontally at speeds equivalent to
her running speed indefinitely. The flight is not per-
fect, however. The wearer cannot travel both horizon-
tally and vertically at the same time, and vertical travel
is considerably slower, progressing at walking speed.

Finally, the entire experience causes a great deal of
stress upon the body. For every ten minutes of flight, the
player must roll Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 5). Ifthe

66
Ln

roll fails, then the pain from the stress has become too
intense and the wearer will need to land and rest.

The Feathered Cloak is a full-length cloak that
remains wrapped around the body, even during flight,
and is bound with a bird-spirit.

Tanghng Whip

Level Four, Gnosis 8

A favorite among the Children of Gaia, but also
popular among the Glass Walkers, Shadow Lords and
Silent Striders, the tangling whip must be created from
green leather strips, woven and bound into a complete
whip with a steel handle. The fetish maker then binds
a lizard-spirit into the whip.

The lizard-spirit lends the fetish (when activated)
its ability to shed its own tail. With every strike, the
whip sheds from the handle and wraps itself around the
victim as quickly as possible, wriggling like a worm the
whole time. The victim must immediately make a
Dexterity + Alertness (difficulty 9) roll or lose one dot
of Dexterity until the cords are pulled loose from his
limbs. Since the roll involves the Dexterity being
stolen, multiple strikes quickly bind a victim until he
loses all Dexterity, at which point he is completely
immobilized. The whip cords have a Strength of 7 and
five health levels each, for purposes of rending or
overpowering them.

Oncea whip has been shed, anew one sprouts from
the handle almost instantly. The whip may be acti-
vated only once per round, but otherwise suffers no ill
effects from this shedding.

The Fhece

Level Four, Gnosis 8

One of the more mutable fetishes that exist among
the tribes, the Time Piece is exactly that — it is created
from any device that exists to tell the time of day. The
earliest were sundials or water clocks, later ones are
hourglasses, and the Glass Walkers love to make them
from modern wristwatches. In all cases, the Time Piece
is bound with a water-spirit.

That a water spirit achieves the effect of the Time
Piece confounds some novice Theurges, since the
effect has nothing whatsoever to do with water. In-
stead, the Time Piece slows down time temporarily.
The fetish is activated by setting the timepiece in some
way, such as lifting a cloth from a sundial, spilling
water into a water clock, turning over an hourglass, or
setting a stopwatch. When this happens, time gradu-
ally begins to slow down in the surrounding area,
except for whoever holds the Time Piece.

In game terms, in the first turn after the Time
Piece is activated, everyone within forty yards who

Hammer and Klaive

SS


isn't holding the Time Piece has a dice pool one lower
than normal forall rolls. The second turn subtracts two
dice, andso on toa minimum dice pool of one die. This
continues for as many turns as the user's successes on
the activation roll. After this, time suddenly speeds up
once again and all penalties are removed.

This fetish may be activated only once per day.

Wiad -lawmer

Level Four, Gnosis 7

The wind hammer is a favorite among the Glass
Walkers and the Shadow Lords, and for exactly the
same reason: Both deeply appreciate a powerful but
inconspicuous weapon. The wind hammer, when not
activated, looks like a large, heavy warhammer, the
head of which is carved from stone. When activated,
however, the hammer appears to dissolve into a burst
of wind. And yet the hammer remains within the
wielder's hand. It retains weight and mass, and does
exactly the same damage as when not activated. In
addition, while the head of the hammer remains com-
pletely solid, the handle gains the ability to have
objects "inserted" into it while activated. This allows
the wielder to place, for example, a cell phone in their
curled hand so that it doesn't look out of place.

The wind hammer can be detected, however. First
of all, it carries a chill air about it. The difference in
temperature is slight, but someone who knows what to
look for and is within three feet of the hammer can find
it. Secondly, while the hammer can be carried around
normally, it still weighs a great deal. Those carrying it
usually have very tense muscles in the arm bearing its
weight. Those trying to detect someone carrying a
wind hammer roll Perception + Alertness. The diffi-
culty is 7 for someone who knows what a wind hammer
is and is feeling for the cold, and 9 for someone just
looking for "a move" or "something odd".

A wind-spirit, naturally, is the empowering spirit
of a wind hammer.

Styne Anil

Level Five, Gnosis 8

Language holds power. At the moment a child is
taught to say "tree," that is all he will ever see one as.
He will be unable to comprehend a tree in any other
way and unable to discuss it without using the term
imposed upon it. It defines the world and its power is
thus held in deep suspicion by some Garou, especially
the power of the written word. As a result, the Garou
rarely explore the concept of fetish glyphs, but occa-
sionally Silver Fang, Children of Gaia and (especially)
Glass Walker Theurges try turning their hands to

ee

Sense somes emwaseren reese eee

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

creating such fetishes. Both the Black Furies and the
Get of Fenris detest the very idea, one of the rare points
they agree on.

One result of these experiments is called a Bindrune
Amulet. Always crafted of silver, the amulet has a
number of different glyphs carved on its face, each one
connected into the next to form a completely new
glyph. The spirit bound to the fetish connects the
glyphs together and fills them with power. It is unclear
exactly how this works, but most Theurges believe that
this process somehow changes the spirit as it is bound
into the fetish. The lack of clarity at this point is what
makes Bindrune Amulets still so poorly received among
Garou, and owning one can be cause for a loss of
Renown in all tribes other than the Glass Walkers.
(Presume a loss of one Honor for acquiring one.)
Making one can be disastrous. (Here, presume a loss of
one permanent Honor and three temporary Wisdom.)
In addition, because they're made from silver, carrying
one causes the wearer to lose one Gnosis.

But for some, even this is not enough to dissuade
them from using such a device. Perhaps they are Glass
Walkers, where these come with much less stigma
attached. Maybe it is an heirloom and the owner
would prefer to honor his ancestor's memory rather
than appease his contemporaries. Or it could be that
the owner simply believes that in these final days no
one should turn up their nose at any weapon against
the Wyrm.

The Burning Sky Falcon is an example of one such
Bindrune Amulet. Held upon a delicate silver chain
and about the diameter of a tennis ball, the fetish is
emblazoned with the interlocking glyphs for "Falcon,"
"Fire" and "Storm." Activating this fetish requires the
expenditure of one Gnosis. Once activated a bird
made of fire emerges from the fetish and immediately
rises to the sky and explodes into a rain of fire. Nobody
within 4' of the fetish user will be hit, but everyone
outside that circle and within 20' of the user suffers five
levels of aggravated damage, which is soakable (if the
victims can soak aggravated damage, that is).

Goud Spring

Level Five, Gnosis 6

Often travelers seem to be capable of taking the
weather along with them, moving from place to place
and never seeming to find anything but the same
climate, regardless of the area's normal weather pat-
terns. But with a cloud string, a traveler can achieve
this deliberately. The cloud string is simply made from
twine and must be at least 20' long. It is bound with a
rain-spirit.

67
EN

|

When activated and tied in a knot, the cloud
string can ensnare the weather in a local area. The
weather can then be dragged to wherever it is needed.
For example, by stringing an area in the middle of a
drought, the Garou could lead the hot weather into a
flooded valley and help dry up the rain. Conversely, by
snagging a rainstorm, a Garou alleviate drought or put
out forest fires. The main difficulty with this is speed —
The Garou must walk with the string, not drive or
otherwise travel quickly.

The fetish looks quite unusual when it is used. The
knot hangs in mid-air, and the moving weather can be
observed by others. A heat wave dragged by any
observers can be easily felt, and causes onlookers to
break out into sudden sweats. Likewise, clouds visibly
move behind the Garou if the fetish drags them along.

When the weather is pulled from them, areas
immediately experience the direct opposite of the
weather they had previously. The aforementioned
drought-stricken plain would suddenly develop a mas-
sive rainstorm of strength proportionate to the strength
of the previous drought.

Some feats are beyond the power of this string. A
Garou could not cause a rainstorm in the deserts of
Chile or take a heat wave to Antarctica. In these

cases, no weather may be brought to or taken from the
areas. However, in most cases this is a very useful, if
unusual, fetish.

Saw Carvings

Level and Gnosis Variable

One of the stranger types of fetish, claw carvings
take the form of tiny glyphs etched into a Garou's
claws and spirits bound into the glyphs, something
like a minute scar fetish. Claw carvings can only be
used in Crinos form; the claws of Glabro and Hispo
are not large enough for the glyphs to carry power. A
set of claw carvings is almost universally a war fetish,
but not always.

© Dueling Claws (Level One, Gnosis 5) are a
rarity, but viewed favorably by most tribes. Designed
for warriors who repeatedly enter battles where the
death of the other combatant would not be prefer-
able, the Dueling Claws are bound with the spirit of
any infant animal and are marked "Story," "Honor"
and "Claw." When activated, the claws automati-
cally do one health level of unsoakable damage, but
cannot do any more than that, regardless of the
attacker's Strength or successes on the attack roll.
However, they also leave bright red wounds when-

68 Hammer and Klaive

i aint

|

ever they strike that remain visible for hours after-
wards, remaining even if the wounds are healed.
These fetishes are popular with both Philodox and
Ahroun as a way of settling disputes honorably.

© Fire Claws (Level Three, Gnosis 6) are one of
the most common forms of Claw Carvings. When
activated, the fire spirit inside the Claw Carvings sets
the Garou's claws alight, so that they add a die of fire
damage to the Garou's claw attacks. The flames last for
one turn per success on the activation roll (or, if a
Gnosis point is spent, for five turns). The glyphs
marked onto Fire Clawsare "Fire," "Glory" and "Claw."

© Thorn Claws (Level Three, Gnosis 6) have a
plant-spirit bound into them, such asa rose or lantana.
When activated, the thorns of the plant-spirit erupt
into the claws producing strong bone hooks on the
claws. A successful claw attack causes the hooks to
grab into the flesh of the victim, refusing to let go. To
escape, the victim must spend one action to pull the
claws from their skin, and achieve three successes on
a Strength + Brawl (difficulty 8) roll. If the roll does
not garner enough successes, then the action is wasted.
While hooked the victim is at -1 to all actions and
cannot flee, of course, the attacker cannot continue to
use his claws freely unless he chooses to end the fetish's
effect. The glyphs marked on Thorn Claws are "Tree,"
"Glory" and "Claw." A Garou with a permanent Rage
of 5 or more cannot receive Thorn Claws, as the plant-
spirit is repulsed by an excess of Rage; a character with
Thorn Claws who subsequently increases her Rage to
5 or more immediately frees the plant-spirit, destroy-
ing the fetish (although thankfully, not her claws).

© Umbra Claws (Level Four, Gnosis 5) are marked
with the glyphs "Umbra," "Wisdom" and "Claw."
Bound with a Wyld-spirit, the Claws are capable of
tearing the Gauntlet. While the Gauntlet inevitably
repairs itself very quickly in a flurry of Pattern Spiders
mending and weaving, this creates a short time in
which the Garou can step sideways considerably more
easily. Anyone in the same area as the Garou when she
successfully activates the Claws steps sideways at -3
difficulty. This effect is instantaneous; anyone want-
ing toenter the Umbra must doso in the same turn that
the Gauntlet is torn.

Fit Drums

Level and Gnosis Variable

Fetish drums have a long and proud tradition
among the Garou, Bastet, some Gurahl, Mokolé, and
Nagah. They come in many different varieties and
purposes. All take a considerable time to activate and
normally a successful Dexterity + Performance roll
(difficulty 6) as well. Perhaps the strongest common
denominator is their ritual significance — drum fe-

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

Ne

a

tishes nearly always have some use in moots. The
following are some examples:

© Pounders (Level One, Gnosis 7) come in many
forms throughout the tribes. The Get of Fenris adore
them and shape great massive brass and hide drums
that boom for miles around; Glass Walkers have been
known to bind them into drum kits and employ accom-
panying instruments for their raves. (Some have even
managed to create the fetish using drum synthesizers,
to the disgust of just about every other tribe.) In all
cases, a Pounder is bound with a fire-spirit and causes
the same effect. The fetish is sounded toward the end
of a moot and just before the revel. The fire in the
drums stirs the Rage in the hearts of those Garou
attending, granting them an extra three points of Rage
for the revel. (This can have the negative side effect of
leading to considerable frenzy! ) In addition, the noise
panics Wyrm-creatures, who often twitch at the sound
and inadvertently reveal themselves. Perception rolls
to find such creatures hiding are made at -1 difficulty.

¢ Haunting Drums (Level Four, Gnosis 8) are a
strange and unusual drum fetish, which have become
an element unto themselves in the few septs that have
begun to employ them. They are bound with a bat-
spirit, and when played and successfully activated,
anyone hearing the whole tune loses their sight for a
number of days, instead finding all visual input inter-
preted as sound. As a general rule, lupus adapt more
quickly than metis to the experience, who in turn do
better than homids.

Since the whole tune must be heard for this to
have effect, the haunting drum is not particularly
effective as a defensive measure unless someone else is
stopping opponents from attacking the drummer or
covering their ears. Further, the effect isn't selective,
so the drummer's allies must have their sense of hear-
ing blocked somehow or succumb to the effects them-
selves. But as a tool of punishment, it works well. In
fact, it normally follows or precedes a Rite of Punish-
ment, particularly the Rite of Ostracism. In this case,
the drum's effects are meant to prove or disprove guilt
by trial: If the accused can survive alone and blinded,
then he's obviously worth keeping around regardless of
what he did.

When played, the fetish rolls its own Gnosis
against a target number of the victim's Willpower.
Every day after they have been blinded, the victim may
roll Perception against a difficulty of how many suc-
cesses the fetish gained. Once they get one success on
this roll, their senses return to normal.

¢ Silent Drums (Level Four, Gnosis 7) The Silent
Drums are a simple fetish with a very unusual history.
Silent Drums are always made in sets of two, and take

69
NG

a nr nT

TE

the form of hand-played drums with a bird-spirit bound
into them. When activated and played, a drum makes
no sound, but the other drum made at the same time
will begin to play. No roll, other than the roll to
activate, is required. The effect of the drums lasts for
one scene and can work over any distance not sepa-
rated by an ocean, and the receiving drum does not
need to be activated for it to work.

The unusual history begins with the Get of Fenris,
the first to create this fetish. They were made to
connect war parties to their home sept, with both
drums activated and ritual drumming performed back
and forth between those at the sept and those away. In
addition, they acted as an emergency system of sorts: If
the drum suddenly began beating at any other time,
the war party was in trouble.

After the advent of Morse code, however, the
fetish was snapped up by the Glass Walkers and turned
into a spiritual Morse code transmitter, undetectable
and unjammable by mundane means. They employed
the device to quickly and efficiently co-ordinate mul-
tiple packs in large scale strikes.

Recently, however, the Silent Drums have fallen
out of favor among the Glass Walkers as the invention
of the SpiCom (See Tribebook: Glass Walkers, pg.
85) makes it mostly obsolete. Many still exist, how-
ever, and may still find some use; after all, the drums
can't be tapped by any third party.

¢ Reaching Manguare (Level Five, Gnosis 8) is a
Bastet-only drum, originating among the South Ameri-
can tribes but having spread to all groups within the
Breed. Made from massive hollowed-out six-foot-long
logs, with a slit cut into the top for sound to escape
from, these drums are always made in pairs. Bound with
a Wyld-spirit, playing the Manguare creates an invalu-
able asset for the Bastet: a temporary Den-Realm. This
realm allows them to move into the Umbra as if they
were stepping sideways, rolling Gnosis to do so.

While very useful, these fetishes do have one
great disadvantage: They're insanely huge, heavy,
and slow to activate. As such, they're not useful for
quickly escaping into the Umbra, but they come very
much in handy to create a base camp for extended
operations against a foe. During the War of Rage
when large groups of Bastet came into direct conflict
with Garou, these fetishes became strategic elements
in campaigns, with advancing the drums forward
becoming a major goal.

Farthlfy Charms

Level and Gnosis Variable
Fertility charms have been highly valued by every
culture, and have exceptional value among the Garou.

70 Hammer and Kflaive

———— Ss

The werewolves' terrible rates of reproduction and
mortality mean that every child assumes great impor-
tance. In these last days, this has become even truer,
with a few stark exceptions — because there may not
even be a decade, or even a year left, many Garou see
the idea of trying to breed more Garou as pointless
now. Among these Garou, the day for these fetishes
and talens is long past.

Even so, there have been many fertility charms
developed among the Garou. The simplest of these are
talens, taking the forms of pastes, oils, drinks and
(among the Glass Walkers) pills. These come in two
varieties. Some are very simple fertility aids, designed
tohelp increase the likelihood of pregnancy. These are
very easy to make, with a Gnosis of 4. (In effect, they
only affect a single instant: the moment the child is
conceived.) They do not help with ensuring the safety
of the child or mother during pregnancy or childbirth.
The second kind of fertility talen doesn't increase the
chance of pregnancy but does increase the likelihood
that any child conceived will be Garou. (Or Bastet,
etc.) These are far more difficult because their effect is
actually quite lengthy — the spirits need to continue
their work long after the child is actually conceived,
seeking Gaia's blessings for the child. They are always
Gnosis 8 and usually make it 5% more likely that a
child breeds true at best; the Changing Breeds have
found great difficulty overcoming one of the cardinal
limitations on their kind.

Fertility fetishes are somewhat rarer than talens,
but they certainly exist in notable numbers. Such
fetishes usually take the form of charms or statues, both
often with very obvious phallic or vaginal representa-
tion; a third type is a pouch that is either hung around
the neck of the mother, or hung close to a window and
filled with perfume. Fetishes tend of one of three types
of power. The first two mirror those of the talen: Some
simply increase the chance of pregnancy, others in-
crease the likelihood of a child breeding true. The
former is most commonly Level One, Gnosis 5. The
latter is very difficult to make as a fetish, but is slightly
easier to employ. They are rated Level Four, Gnosis 7.
The final kind of fertility fetish both increases the
likelihood of pregnancy and decreases the chances of
complications surrounding the birth for both child and
mother throughout the term of that pregnancy. These
are rated Level Three, Gnosis 7 and are the most
common of the three main types.

All fertility charms are bound with the spirit of an
animal associated with fertility. Rabbits are acommon
and popular choice, but so are bull-spirits and goat-
spirits. The elders who try to press these fetishes on the
younger generation claim that they have an aphrodi-


siac effect as well, but this may well be purely psycho-
logical, if it is at all true.

Nak Fopithat

Level and Gnosis Variable

Fetish masks have traditionally been a common
element in many rituals of the Uktena, Wendigo and
Croatan, but many tribes have embraced the concept
of the fetish mask to some extent. They can be a
fearsome visage in war, painting savage hatred and
anger upon a face while showing horrifying blankness
in their eyes. Or they can be of tremendous use in
talking with the spirits by taking upon the aspect of the
spirit in question, building a sense of sympathy and
empathy between the two. Although particularly popu-
lar among Theurges, Garou of all sorts — and many
Fera as well — have embraced these admittedly strik-
ing fetishes. The following are some of the most
common forms of fetish masks throughout Changing
Breed society.

¢ Firemasks (Level Two, Gnosis 6) are made from
wood, designed to fit over the front of the face, and
bound with a sunlight-spirit. (Attempts to bind a fire-
spirit into anything wooden tend to end in failure.)
The mask has a large round disc extruding from the
face with a stylized looping red line around it, designed
to simulate fire. While worn and activated, the wearer

and the mask both become immune to damage from
fire. Many wearers deliberately soak themselves in
alcohol or even gasoline and set themselves alight
while wearing this mask, before heading into battle,
becoming terrifying humanoid blazes. (See Werewolf,
pg. 188, for rules on fire intensity and the potential
damage caused). Finally, the wearer makes any Social
rolls involving fire-spirits at -1 difficulty, as long as the
mask is activated.

¢ Predator Masks (Level 3, Gnosis 8) are a
peculiar type of mask that has been around at least
since the War of Rage. They are made from hide and
take the form of a stylized animal head of a type
associated with one of the Changing Breeds — thus, a
Wolf Mask, Bear Mask, Shark Mask, and so on. (There
are indeed Raven Masks, despite ravens not being
predators per se.) Each mask is empowered with a spirit
of the animal it represents.

When activated, the mask immediately forces the
wearer to spend one Rage and shift to Crinos (or the
equivalent, for Fera) if not already in Crinos. How-
ever, this Crinos form is not the wearer's standard war
form. Instead, the wearer changes fur, shape and all
other features to look considerably like the war form of
the shapeshifter suggested by the mask. However, the
illusion is imperfect. Gaia created each Changing


Bearers ait aaiaccons nerinninananamiall

Breed separately and did not intend for each to have
the means to copy the others perfectly. (The Nuwisha
remain an exception for reasons unknown.)

Instead, the form produced can best be described
as that of the wearer's Crinos form, interpreted in the
context of the animal being imitated. As the most
instructive example, a Nagah does not possess legs in
his Azhi Dahaka "Crinos" form, but instead his body
tapers into a long tail. A Garou who had somehow
heard of the Nagah and attempted to imitate one
with a Serpent Mask will instead produce a creature
with asnakelike head, barrel chest, massive arms and
legs, and possibly a long snakelike tail extending from
the back. Anyone familiar with how Nagah really
look will almost certainly not be fooled, but others
might be. (Conversely, a Nagah wearing a Wolf Mask
would lack the legs of a Crinos in his "false Crinos
form"; needless to say, the Nagah find most Predator
Masks essentially useless.)

Detecting the use of a Predator Mask requires a
Perception + Alertness roll. Difficulty depends on the
Changing Breed imitated. Garou, Bastet, Gurahl,
Nuwisha, Ratkin and Rokea can all appropriately
imitate one another with these masks, as their war
forms are very similar in construction. Even someone
familiar with the Breed is fooled if they fail the roll at
difficulty 8; a member of the Breed in question makes
the roll at difficulty 6. Mokolé and Ananasiare slightly
easier to tell apart; while some of their number have
similar Crinos forms, most do not. Likewise, while the
Kitsune form is similar in shape, it is much smaller than
a Garou. For these three Breeds, those familiar with
them make the roll at difficulty 6, those unfamiliar
difficulty 8, and actual members of the Breed at diffi-
culty 4. Finally, the Nagah and Corax have war forms
markedly different from those of the Garou and any-
one familiar with either Breed at all does not even need
to roll — they are clearly shaped wrong. Those unfa-
miliar still make the roll at difficulty 8.

Inno case does the mask confer different attribute
adjustments than that of the wearer's standard war
form; this mask only creates cosmetic differences.

© Wyrm Masks (Level 5, Gnosis 8) are quite rare
outside the ranks of the Uktena, with only the Bubasti
and Hatar using them almost as often. Made from
stone and hundreds of tiny tiles, and stretching well
below the chin and above the forehead, this mask is
bound with a Bane. The Bane is nearly always threat-
ened into becoming part of this fetish but despite this,
the very existence of these masks would be considered
scandalous among most Garou. (Those that aren't the
product of threats are scandalous even within the
Uktena and Bubasti — although not, of course, the

72
_—

Hatar.) When worn and activated, the Wyrm Mask
creates a sense of dread and horror that even other
Wyrm creatures feel. They do not see the wearer as
"one of them," but instead as an enemy imbued with
the horror and power that the army of the Wyrm
possesses, a terrifying and unholy sight. Wyrm crea-
tures facing such a foe suffer -3 to all rolls save Stamina
rolls to soak damage.

To those not of the Wyrm, this mask's effects are
even more powerful, and they suffer -4 to all rolls as fear
and violation strike their soul at the sight of it. But
despite these quite powerful effects, few dare to employ
it against those not of the Wyrm. Few Uktena doubt it
would be an unforgivable sin.

Jia Fifther

Level and Gnosis Variable

Scar fetishes are one of the most widespread and
variable forms of fetish, popular to varying extent among
all the tribes. They combine the utility ofa fetish and the
honor of a living spirit pact with the obvious glory of a
well-earned mark of endurance; most Garou, and in fact
most shapeshifters, find the concepts behind a scar
fetish more than a little admirable.

Scar fetishes are unique in that they are bound into
the flesh of the fetish owner. The owner is rarely,
however, the creator, because they are mostly be-
stowed upon a great warrior to commemorate surviv-
ing a wound that leaves a powerful scar. Most com-
monly these fetishes are awarded following a victori-
ous battle, mind; warrior cultures such as the Changing
Breeds for the most part do not celebrate their losses.
Some scar fetishes are decorated with tattoos that draw
attention to and highlight the scar. Some sample scar
fetishes are described below.

¢ Wyrm Scars must be made from a scar dealt by
a minion of the Wyrm. (To the frustration of some
shapeshifters, the blows of a normal Fera or Garou
never work for this.) It is then bound with a wolf or
dog-spirit, or the spirit of any other animal who em-
ploys smell as one of their primary senses. When
activated, the fetish acts as a constant Sense Wyrm gift,
and this lasts for a week from activation. When this
scar detects a Wyrm presence, it itches ina distinct and
powerful way, a way cannot be confused with a normal
itch. Although useful, a Wyrm Scar can be a pain in
the ass to activate in any environment other than
purest wilderness, and are not common in the modern
day. Most urban areas are permeated with Wyrmish
energies to varying degrees, and a werewolf can be
plagued with an itching scar for days without ever
meeting so much as a fomor face to face. A Wyrm Scar

is Level One, Gnosis 6.

Hammer and Klaive

tie //


¢ Soul of Lightning is the name given to an
unusual scar fetish particularly favored by the Glass
Walkers and Shadow Lords. It is created from scars
that wound the arms, hands, or shoulders of the bearer,
and is bound with either a storm-spirit of some sort (a
popular Shadow Lord choice) or electricity elemental
(a Glass Walker favorite). When activated, the scars
glow blue and electricity pours from the scar over both
arms and claws. The lightning adds two dice of damage
to any claw strike and any such strike causing more
than four health levels of damage (after soak) stuns the
victim, causing her to lose all actions for the next
round. A Soul of Lightning fetish is Level Four, Gnosis
7; the lightning lasts for one turn per success on the
activation roll, or five turns if a Gnosis point is spent
to activate the fetish.

© Body of Scars fetishes must be made from a
grievous wound indeed, one that has a genuine chance
of killing the recipient. (In game terms, it must have
brought him below Incapacitated.) The scar left by
this wound is then bound with a spirit associated with
growth — scrub plant-spirits or rabbit-spirits are both
common choices. When activated before a battle, the
scar begins to slowly grow, spreading out over the body,
and if a blow strikes the bearer, the scar will immedi-
ately surface there. The hard scar tissue protects the
body, granting another two dice of soak. After the
scene, the scar tissue heals back to normal quickly.
While gruesome, this fetish is popular among most
tribes. Sadly, it is also popular among the Black Spiral
Dancers, who bind disease Banes into the scar to get
the same result, but the base fetish existed well before
the Dancers and few Garou see it as inherently tainted.
A Body of Scars fetish is Level Five, Gnosis 7.

Genered Talent
Beacon Bore

Gnosis 6

A simple talen, but one of the most effective, the
beacon burr is made from any small thorny object in
nature and is bound with the spirit of a homing pigeon.
Before being activated, the burr is surreptitiously placed
upon a target, clinging to their hair or clothes. Then,
once activated, the pigeon-spirit inside it breaks loose
from the burr and begins making wide, sweeping circles
from the to the activator to the fetish and back again.
Provided the activator is in the Umbra or has some way
of seeing into the Umbra, they can follow the pigeon
to the target wherever the target may go. In effect, it is
a supernatural homing beacon.

However, it has several advantages over a techno-
logical homing beacon. Garou that aren't used to
human society can more easily obtain a beacon burr

Sees re ms emrweseren reed Ns eee

than a homing device. Perhaps most usefully, though,
if the burr is found most marks won't immediately
assume they're being followed, and likewise, most
won't look for it to begin with. Nor does it respond to
radio detectors. The only way to find the beacon burr
is to enter the Umbra and see the pigeon spirit circling.
As such, this is a fantastic tool against less spiritually
aware enemies such as Pentex.

The pigeon-spirit will circle for an hour after the
talen is activated, then depart.

Cade of Sout

Gnosis 8

The Candle of Souls acts much like a voodoo doll,
but for rites and Gifts instead of physical attacks. Made
from a 30-inch- long candle of pure white wax, the
candle has the name of the victim carved gently into
the side and is activated by being lit. When properly lit
and activated, the person whose name is inscribed on
the side of the candle can be see faintly in the flame,
and may be affected by any single rite or Gift that
would directly affect someone else. (For example:
Beastmind would work, but Cutting Wind would not
— it affects the wind directly, not the victim.) Once
the rite or Gift has been directed at the victim, success-
fully or not, the candle burns out and cannot be relit.

The Candle of Souls is bound with a spider-spirit.

Cabat Breafh

Gnosis 5

Constructed from a small, dried gourd, Gaia's
Breath is imbued with a spirit of healing. The gourd is
then decorated with glyphs of praise to Gaia. When
the gourd is crushed and then the dust sprinkled over
an open wound, the talen heals up to four health levels
of damage, even if it is aggravated.
JenuDg Dart

Gnosis 8

The Glass Walkers coined this ages-old talen's
current name, but around many older Garou it is still
known as the Blind Dart. But none can deny that,
while very much a buzzword, the Glass Walker's term
is far more accurate. A small feathered dart bound with
abat spirit, the SenseDep dart is normally delivered via
blowpipe. When activated and successfully striking an
opponent, the bat spirit floods the victim's senses with
noise so that they are incapable of feeling, hearing,
tasting, smelling or seeing anything. This effect only
lasts for three seconds, but that's often long enough.
Since the dart is delivered by blowpipe, it is more
commonly employed within pack tactics than to set up
an attack for the talen bearer.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spivit 73

er re: ee NS


Seren errors area cre arom a remem)

When struck with an activated SenseDep Dart,
the victim is unable to act in the following turn.

Viton Fo0of,

Gnosis 6

Despite the name, a Vision Pool is created from a
powder. Traditionally made from the ashes of burned
peyote, other Garou have discovered that practically
any powder can work provided the proper spirit is
bound within. (Although many spirits tend to agree to
imbue traditionally made powder more easily than
improvised substances.) A spirit associated with divi-
nation must be bound within; owl-spirits often work
very well.

Once the talen has been created, pouring the
powder intoaclear pool activates the talen. Tradition-
alists prefer stillwater lakes, modernists find a kitchen
sink will work fine. The powder creates a murky color
at first, which then refines itself into an image of
something that will happen within the next week and
that concerns the talen user, but the images are rarely
literal and are often quite cryptic. To interpret them
correctly, often an Intelligence + Enigmas roll (diffi-
culty 6) is required.

Wartatof

Variable Gnosis

Warpaint is a common talen among almost every
Garou tribe, the sole exception being the Stargazers.
(Even the Black Spiral Dancers make heavy use of such
warpaint.) It has a cultural heritage among almost all
ethnic groups in some form, and unlike regular warpaint
shifts with the Garou's form as if dedicated. Most
Garou also create warpaint that has an effect on either
themselves or their enemies. While there's some cross-
over, certain types of warpaint have come to be asso-
ciated with certain tribes.

Unless otherwise mentioned, activated warpaint
lasts for a scene. Garou of tribes other than the tribe
associated with each variant can use the warpaint as well,
but it's generally a breach of etiquette to ask for such a
favor. Sharing warpaint across tribal lines is considered a
great honor, akin to an oath of brotherhood.

© Bone Paint (Gnosis 7), perhaps the most liter-
ally named warpaint among the Garou, is employed by
the Black Furies and made from powdered bone —
preferably taken from an enemy, but the bones of any
animal will do. The Black Fury then binds a Lune into
this white paint, which is then painted in very specific
patterns over the Fury's neck, chest, back and arms,
right down to the claws. This talen only works at night,
but when activated the paint stands out, often seeming
disembodied upon the black fur of the Furies. Oppo-
nents seeing a pack of Black Furies with this warpaint

74
i —_—

must roll Willpower (difficulty 4 + the number of
Garou with activated warpaint) or flee instantly for a
number of turns equal to the number of Garou wearing
the warpaint.

© Body Graffiti (Gnosis 7) is often seen by non-
Bone Gnawers as simple camouflage, but the Gnawers
who make it know it's not. The paint is made from
either trash (to make it work in urban environments)
or dung (to make it work in the wilderness) and is
bound with a chameleon-spirit. The paint is daubed
over as much of the body as possible and quickly takes
on patterns surrounding the fighter before maintaining
that pattern for a second after they move. The fighter
still stands out, but it quickly confuses opponents who
often attack the pattern, not the fighter. Anyone
facing someone wearing this paint must make astraight
Wits roll (difficulty 6) before any attack. If the roll
fails, the attacker loses four dice from his dice pool to
attack, and cannot attack if he has no dice left in his
pool (although he may try again next turn).

¢ Sun Paint (Gnosis 7) works asa tool to help curb
the more blindly aggressive side of the Garou and is the
most common warpaint among the Children of Gaia.
When numerous members of a group (who need not be
a pack) wear this golden pigment into battle, the
wearers sense the warpaint of the other members as a
beacon, which cuts down on possible friendly fire. The
paint does not cancel out a frenzy, but a frenzying
Garou wearing sun paint treats all others wearing the
same paint as if members of her pack. As the name
suggests, sunlight-spirits are bound into the paint.

© Green Dye (Gnosis 6) is the name ironic young
Fianna give to their warpaint, which is not green but
blue. (The name is a pun on Dia Griene, the Scottish
daughter of the sun. Traditional Fianna simply call it
Frost Paint.) When the Fianna's enemies see the
activated paint, it causes a hideous chill in their bodies,
such that it seems they would never feel warmth again.
To attack someone wearing Green Dye, the opponent
must first succeed on a reflexive Willpower roll, diffi-
culty 4.) This roll is only needed once per opponent,
after it has been made the opponent may attack with
impunity. This type of paint requires the binding of a
wind-spirit.

¢ Tyr's Blood (Gnosis 7) is a favorite of the Get
of Fenris, particularly when fighting against lesser
opponents. A blood-paint bound with a spirit of Rage,
Tyr's Blood transforms the Get of Fenris who wears it
into an image of how Tyr beheld Fenris himself: an
unreasoning, horrible monster that must be stopped at
all costs. (According to legend, real Tyr's Blood was
made from the blood that dripped from the stump
where his hand used to be before Fenris removed it.)

Hammer and Klaive

ee


When confronted by a Fenrir wearing Tyr's Blood, his
opponent must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) or
flee the battle; this roll need be made only once.

¢ Ghost Camo (Gnosis 7) is the most common
warpaint used among the Glass Walkers. It takes the
form of classic green and brown camouflage facepaint
but is applied to the entire body. While wearing Ghost
Camo, the Glass Walker blends into the slightest
cover available. If the wearer's in plain sight, the
warpaint won'thelp, but if she is in shadows or partially
concealed, trying to spot her requires a Perception +
Alertness roll at difficulty 9. When the wearer makes
an attack or some other over action, she becomes
clearly visible, but should she find cover afterwards,
the talen remains active, allowing for the possibility of
repeated quick "stab and hide" attacks, or deadly rains
of gunfire without being spotted. The Glass Walkers
bind raccoon-spirits into their warpaint.

© Stench Mark (Gnosis 5) has been used by the
Red Talons for centuries. Since, they figure, mankind's
sense of smell is too weak to sniff out their opponents,
they'll simply have to make their own scent stronger.
The paint is made from dung, rotting food and any
other refuse available and is bound with any brightly
colored insect-spirit. The resulting concoction smells
terrible, but to humans also somehow smells terrifying.
The Talons using it hide close enough for the smell to
waft toward the humans, and every turn they remain
hidden (Dexterity + Stealth, difficulty of the humans'
Perception + Alertness), causes the humans to grow
more and more terrified. For each turn the Talons can
remain hidden, all humans within close range of them
suffer a 1-die penalty to all actions for that scene. If this
penalty grows to -10, the humans simply keel over
unconscious from fright.

¢ Training Paint (Gnosis 6) is a Shadow Lord
talen that is deeply ingrained in their culture. While
the Shadow Lords do an excellent job of destroying the
misguided belief of many cubs that they're above
corruption by the Wyrm (as they observe, the Wyrm
can take anyone), they also often instill an undesirable
mistrust of others in the process. While some mistrust
is healthy, when it begins to affect pack tactics in
battle, it has gone too far. Training paint wasa solution
devised by the tribe very early on to help cubs (mostly
homid cubs at that) properly train for battle. A series
of specific glyphs at specific points on the body were
attached to certain tactics in battle, and the cubs were
supposed to act according to what glyphs they could
see. Eventually one Shadow Lord turned this paint
intoatalen that improved its effectiveness, so much so
that many packs use it in actual battles. When each
member of a pack applies the paint, they all receive an

>

See ens ees emreseren ree Nes eee

extra die to any roll made to execute a pack maneuver
(Werewolf, pg. 212). This only works if the pack is
within visual contact of each other.

¢ Fire Shadows (Gnosis 8) were conceived of by
the Silent Striders to give them an edge against supe-
rior numbers, an all-too-common experience when
confronted in strange locations. The talen is composed
of henna paint bound with fire-spirits, and is inscribed
upon the bodies of the wearers in elegant hieroglyph-
ics. When activated, the warpaint bursts into the
appearance of flame, and this fiery image persists for
several seconds as the Strider moves, causing her to
appear to blur. Enemies attempting to strike the wearer
suffer a two-die penalty to all attack rolls, although
stealth is clearly impossible for the wearer.

¢ Royal Marking (Gnosis 6) was created by the
Silver Fangs to protect non-Kinfolk whom the Silver
Fangs nonetheless considered breeding stock — mostly
royalty of numerous bloodlines. Since these people
were obvious targets for the Wyrm, the Silver Fangs
were often forced into combat in their presence. While
they had no problem with the Veil covering these
actions, the Delirium often caused these people to do
irrational and harmful things, such as run out of tower
windows or attack the Silver Fangs. Royal Marking, a
water-based paint bound with a Glade Child, helps to
prevent this. Any humans seeing a Crinos daubed with
Royal Marking automatically suffers Delirium as if
they had Willpower 5, running but not putting them-
selves in harmful situations.

¢ Elemental Camouflage (Gnosis 7), despite the
name, is perhaps the very antithesis of camouflage.
The "paint" is actually a melted colored wax bound
with a frog spirit, dripped onto the body in swirling,
looping patterns. When the Garou shifts form, the wax
manifests as brightly colored markings in her pelt. A
favorite among the Uktena for fighting spirits, the wax
shifts and mutates to cover the body and counter the
spirit being fought. An Uktena facing down a Fire
elemental would suddenly be covered in ice or water,
and one fighting a Bane would sprout leaves and
flowers from her fur, becoming such a power of life that
the Bane would be unable to affect it. When attacking
spirits, any Garou wearing Elemental Camouflage does
+2 damage and adds one die to all soak rolls.

© Dead Paint (Gnosis 8) is worn all too often by
the Wendigo in these final days. It is only created in
the aftermath of a tragedy, for it must be made from the
blood and tears of Wendigo or Wendigo Kinfolk un-
justly murdered. ("Unjustly murdered" does not in-
clude those slain in fair battle, nor those executed for
crimes they committed.) Any spirit that witnessed the
murder may be bound into the paint. (Often, the spirit

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 75

i

|

used is the ancestor-spirit of the recently deceased.)
Once worn and activated, the wearer is instinctively
directed toward the murderer. They have no sense of
how far away the murderer is, only in what general
direction they must go. In large environments such as
cities, the paint's signal alone may be too vague to find
the murderer. Still, it works as an excellent lead and
also fills the wearer with anger and sorrow when
confronted with the murderer, bestowing a +1 bonus
to all rolls to successfully strike them. This talen lasts
for as long as needed, until the murderer is killed.

Ere FS ittithit

fio,
Land Atif

Level One, Gnosis 6

An instinctive grasp of the natural otder is not
something that comes easily to humans, and) even
homid Garou can have difficulty connecting with their
primal selves. Some homids find themselves with some-
thing of a handicap in the wild when compared to their
lupus counterparts and other animal-born, shifters —
not all of whom may be a homid's allies. The failure to
recognize a multitude of tiny signs can be fatal in the
wilderness, and that's why the land.anaulét was created.
Carved out of a stone made smooth in a river and then
engraved with the glyph for "Wilderness," the land
amulet is bound with any spirit of the area from which
the stone came. Common spirits bound into a land
amulet include Glade Children and animal-spirits.

When activated and worn, the land amulet offers
+2 Primal-Urge to the wearer. The effect lasts for one
scene.
Disease Sok

Level Two, Gnosis 7

Of all the Garou, the homids are those who have
the most attachment to their human Kin, and are most
affected when illness strikes the local human popula-
tion. This fetish counteracts the problems of illness,
although in a way that human doctors would consider
unorthodox. The Disease Stick is a long wooden baton
made from hardwood and carved many times with the
glyph for "Resilient." Into this is bound a Glade Child
or other spirit of nature. When activated, the Stick
becomes charged to look for spirits of disease and can
be used to strike them, forcing the disease out of the
patient's body. Unfortunately, the stick doesn't ignore
the body of the afflicted and thus every strike does
damage to them as well.

The Disease Stick does Strength +1 bashing dam-
age. For each strike (which cannot be pulled), the

76 Hammer and Klaive

Ae —i << s

player may roll the Disease Stick's Gnosis against a
difficulty of 8. If this roll succeeds, then the disease is
cured. If it fails, another roll may be attempted at
difficulty 7, and if that fails then the next roll is against
difficulty 6, and so on.

Magically inflicted diseases cannot be cured with
this weapon, nor can any supernatural affliction be
cured. (It cannot reverse the effects of becoming a
fomor, either.) However, any normal disease can be
cured as easily as any other — a common cold is just as
fragile or resilient to the Disease Stick as cancer or
AIDS. The stick is clearly not quite as much use to
Garou, who are immune to mundane diseases anyway,
but it provides as effective a way of curing a sickly Kin
as can be found. Of course, the user must be careful
about keeping the healing process secret — having
your child show up bruised at school, telling the
teacher "Daddy had to beat me until I was better" is not
the sort of thing that helps maintain a low profile.

Mf
Thorn Bow

Level Four, Gnosis 7

Archery may be a dying art among humanity, and
lupus may never see the point, but many metis learn to
use a bow during their childhood at thecaern. Not only
is a bow necessary for delivering Bane arrows (a way in
which a metis can assist in guarding the caéfty), but it
conveys a sense of elegance that many metis long for.
The Thorn Bow is one of the "little secrets" of the
breed, often passed down from one metis to another in
a relationship that transcends blood.

The Thorn Bow is a standard wooden bow, bound
with an aggressive Wyld-spirit. It may only be fired
with wooden arrows, although they may have stone or
metal heads. When activated, the fetish breathes life
into the'arrow which begins to bloom into flowers,
thorns and other signs of life as it is fired. This doesn't
affect the aim of the shot, but when it hits the arrow
continues to bloom, digging into the body and pain-
fully aggravating the wound. The arrow causes aggra-
vated damage, and every turn after the initial wound,
the victim takes another health level of soakable
aggravated damage until he takes a full turn to rip the
arrow out.

Gra Darts (Jalen)

Gnosis 4

Grass Darts are an amazing talen mostly in that
they can be created remarkably quickly — if you know
what you're doing. Making Grass Darts requires a
certain knack that most Garou simply cannot get their
heads around, but that metis frequently develop very


.

quickly after learning the Rite of the Fetish or the Rite
of Spirit Awakening. In addition, metis frequently
develop the knack of making them quite lethal indeed.

Grass Darts can be made from a handful of grass
and a bound rock-spirit. Even a single rock-spirit is
enough to prepare twenty of these darts. Even the
metis that make them can't (or won't) quite explain
this feat. When properly created and activated, the
blades of grass become rock-hard while remaining
light and thin, as well as quite sharp. Most commonly,
the darts are placed within the mouth and spat out at
surprised opponents, either singularly or in groups of
five. When so used, they do either one level of lethal
damage (difficulty 6 to hit) singularly or three levels of
lethal damage (difficulty 5 to hit) in a group.

However, some metis take the trick even fur-
ther. Using the Gift: Create Element, these metis
set the Grass Darts alight as they are blown from
their mouth, push a wind behind them to enable
them to travel faster than normal, or make them
heavier still. In all cases, Grass Darts so affected do
double damage if they hit.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

nana aaa laa aeiaa

Luu
Travelers Charry

Level Two, Gnosis 5

Just as homids sometimes develop simple fetishes
to help themsurvivebetter in an unfamiliar wilderness
environment, some lupus devise these fetishes to help
them or othet wolf-born Garou adapt to the strange
world of humans a bit better. A Traveler's Charm
usually takes the form of a small pebble that the lupus
swallows. While the pebble is in the Garou's system,
she is,immune to motion:sickness or similar/ailments
caused by riding in vehicles, can digest even the
greasiest, spiciest human food without:difficulty, and
receives no penalties to her Perception, checks for
background pollution (even of the noisepollution
variety). The downside to the Traveler's Charm is that
it must be retrieved and ingested again after it passes
through the system, but few lupus are as appalled by the
thought as their homid packmates tend to be.

NN
|

|

JSpbserweh Stone

Level Four, Gnosis 8

While homids types seem fond of calling this fetish
a"tar baby," much to the lupus' puzzlement, ultimately
the Spiderweb Stone is an effective way of protecting
its owner and her pack. It is particularly popular among
lupus that have lost too many Kin to human hunters,
and crave some revenge — not all of whom are Red
Talons. The Spiderweb Stone is a large rock carved
with claw marks, pushed in four directions — up to
down, left to right, and on both diagonals. It is under-
stood that the only reason four directions are used as
opposed to two is to avoid creating the Weaver glyph
and summoning unwanted spiritual attention. The
lupus then places the stone in a pool of shallow water
and binds it with a spider-spirit.

When activated, the water reflects moonlight
onto the stone and makes it shine. Any human who
so much as catches a glimpse of it must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or he will find himself
inexplicably drawn toward it, entranced by the shin-
ing light from the stone. Until the sun rises, he stares
at the stone, unable to be drawn away from it before
dawn. Usually by this time the lupus has come back
tosee what hunters she's caught, and few ever see that
life-saving sunrise.

As an unfortunate side effect, Corax are com-
pletely and utterly unable to resist the effects of this
fetish. Occasionally a lupus has to pry a wereraven
away in order to avoid giving up the secret of the trap.
In a few rumored worst case scenarios, Corax have
been caught by the Stone in Homid form, and been
subsequently slaughtered by accident.

Rigabath
Ta Melityfo

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The McGuffin is a modern fetish, allegedly in-
spired by Alfred Hitchcock's famous definition and
rapidly adopted by the New Moons of several tribes.
Though it doesn't actually matter what the McGuffin
is, most are created from an empty box, suitcase, or
some other opaque container. When activated, the
McGuffin immediately causes everyone who sees it
within the day to develop an intense desire to own the
McGuffin. People so affected must roll Willpower
(difficulty 7) to avoid trying everything in their power
to possess the McGuffin. These desires last for one
week. The Ragabash and his pack are not immune to

the fetish's effects, so the McGuffin is always placed
very carefully.

7

en

The MeGiiffin is often possessed by Nuwisha and
Corax as well as Garou Ragabashiilt,is created by
binding the spirit of any particularly brightly colored
animal.

notion Geta

Level Three, Gnosis 5

Anolder and much subtler version of the McGuffin,
an emotion gem is a fine example of how useful it ean
sometimes be to underplay your hand.

The only essential part of an Emotion Gem is a
diamond. Normally it is hidden within a standard item
of jewelry such as a necklace, brooch or tiepin, but this
isn't required as long as the diamond canbe seen. This
is then bound with a fox-spirit, but most commonly an
infant one not yet at the height of its power. When
activated, it produces a low level ofdesire that confuses
any who see it since they don't actively associate the
Gem with their sudden burst of desire. This tends to
produce people prone to acting on whims and even
slightly felt desires that they would otherwise quickly
realize were bad ideas.

Anyone who sees the Gem while it is activated
acts as if he had one less dot in Wits than normal, and
is easily lead astray any offer that might benefit him —
Subterfuge and Seduction rolls are made at -2 difficulty
against them.

Thewrge
Spit Phone

Level One, Gnosis 6

Some poorly informed'Glass Walkers like to think
that they invented thi§ fetish, and that it is of recent
origin. Since theit/medels of this fetish tend to be
created from cell phones, they think it very unlikely
other tribes would have created them. They are, how-
ever, entirely wrong. Fetishes of this sort have existed
for centuries, created from seashells, carved represen-
tations of animals with open mouths, and numerous
other objects. In all cases, however, the purpose of the
object remains the same, as does the type of spirit
bound within (always a songbird-spirit of some sort).

The fetish allows for instant communication with
a spirit no matter how far away it is. The spirit may be
either materialized or not, and it does not matter if the
werewolf is in the Umbra or the material world. All the
Theurge has to do is activate the fetish while in the
spirit's presence, and for the next three hours anything
the spirit says is instantly communicated back to the
fetish. This has oné downside; The fetish makes an
audible noise and thus can be heard by enemies.

It is, however, decidedly useful for a@inumber of
purposes. The Glass Walkers adore using spirits to act

Hammer and Klaive


as intelligence sources on a battlefield, and co-ordi-
nate their assaults from a spirit "eye in the sky." Many
Theurges find these fetishes a helpful aid to making
other fetishes by allowing a spirit in the Umbra to
speak its mind about an object the Theurge is prepar-
ing with no extra effort on their part. Others still find
ita fantastic security device, left activated and hidden
in a room to issue dread warnings to any who should
enter. In all uses, it is a favored tool of many Theurges
in all tribes.

Tofera ark

Level Four, Gnosis 7

Theurges are not commonly sought out for their
assistance in leadership or diplomatic situations, but
sometimes their spirit knowledge can be very helpful
in those cases nonetheless. In particular, the Theurge's
great understanding of the spirit world, and close link
to his pack totem, can allow him to help two packs
coordinate their activities better through the links of
their totems.

Totem masks are always made in a set of two,
between two packs working together toward a com-
mon cause with different totem spirits. Each is made to
represent the totem of the other pack, and is then worn
by one member of each pack (most commonly the
alpha). This sole member is then considered a member
of both packs while the Mask is being worn, capable of
engaging in pack tactics with either and able to draw
upon the benefits of the other totem. On the downside,
she's also obliged to adhere to the Bans of both.

While it is possible to create a full set of Masks, one
for each member of both packs (provided they have the
same number of members, for each must be created in
a set of two), the costs involved tend to prevent this.
Each Mask is good for one highly specific cause only,
and once that cause is accomplished the Masks be-
come nothing more than mundane objects. As such,
creating a whole host of these potent fetishes is only
done for the most important of causes.

Needless to say, an avatar of the other pack's totem
spirit is bound into the Mask. Each activation lasts for
one scene.

Pbjodox
Luger Eade

Level Three, Gnosis 8

Aspecifically Half Moon fetish weapon, the Stinger
Blade is a large, very heavy weapon with a rather dull
edge. It bears exactly three glyphs along one side of the
blade, representing the three codes of Renown: Honor,
Glory and Wisdom. Upon the other side are three
different glyphs: the name of the blade, the name of the

Se sare ers eraser en PERV Een me

owner, and the name of the creator. (Should the latter
two be the same person, it will only bear two glyphs
upon that side.) The blade-houses.a beeorwasp-spirit.

Because the blade is so heavy, it is phenomenally
unwieldy to strike with (difficulty 7), and the dull edge
only does Strength -2 bashing damage per hit. How-
ever, every strike made while the weapon is activated
does an additional seven dice of bashing damage, but
only for the purposes of wound penalties. A healthy
Garou who takes four health levels of damage from this
weapon will only be physically Bruised, but will be
wracked with such pain that his wound penalty will be
as Wounded, at -2.

Because of these advantages and disadvantages, it
makes a lousy weapon of war. It simply can't kill
quickly enough, and even. if one enemy is incapaci-
tated with a few strikes, it can still take actions and
make a nuisance of itself ifit'sleft alone. (Worse, since
the damage is considered bashing, many opponents
can heal these wound penalties quickly. unless the
pounding continues.) The weapon simply leaves the
Philodox too open to attack from the enemy's allies.

But for a keeper of the peace, it's a brilliant device.
When one Garou is out of control, the blade can swiftly
reduce the werewolf toa whining puppy upon the ground,
being belted time and time again with the weapon until
he is finally prepared to surrender and see sense.

Quattlng Cobar

Level Five, Gnosis 7

One of the more dreaded tools at the disposal of
the Half Moons, a questing collar (also derogatorily
known as a "slave collar") is a fetish designed to judge
the untrustworthy and to enforce the right of law. To
make one, a heavy iron collar is bound with any spirit
with the capacity to kill large numbers of people if need
be. The Questing Collar is rare in modern times, as the
trial by fire that it enforces is harsh by anyone's
standards.

A Philodox, who publicly charges the accused
with a trial to overcome places the questing collar
around an offender's neck. This trial may go some
length toward the Philodox's or his sept's personal
interests, but this is expected. Simply being issued with
a collar is a considerable blow to one's Honor, since it
is a clear sign that she is not trusted. Wearing a
questing collar strips away 4 temporary Honor. How-
ever, if it is generally felt that the collar has been
unfairly employed, and the accused completes her set
quest, she may well earn back that Honor and some
Glory besides. Those who are seen as deserving of the
collar, however, take much longer to earn back the
trust their people have lost in them.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 79

ee a


After issuing the trial, the Philodox also issues a
deadline for the trial's completion; traditionally this is
one lunar month, although difficult trials may take
longer. At this point, the Philodox activates the fetish,
which will remain activated until the trial is finished
or the collar is destroyed. Once the time frame is up,
the collar shatters and the spirit within is released. The
spirit within will then move to kill those closest to the
wearer: family, mates, children, and so on.

However, spirits almost invariably demand a ta-
boo declaring that they not be used unjustly in this
fetish. When the Philodox clearly uses the collar as
nothing but a means to destroy opponents, the spirits
inside have a history of fulfilling the contract by killing
the wearer's family, and then coming back for the
Philodox who issued the trial. Spirits also have a sense
of justice, and ifa Philodox shows he has no right to the
authority he wields, then those same spirits tend not to
respect it, and to try.and corféct things...

Cabtard,
Cate ofcAges

Level One, Gnosis 5

Anunusual fetish, but one in which many Galliards
trust, the Plate of Ages is a valuable recording tool of
history. Made froma small metal plate screwed, welded
or otherwise attached to another object (most com-
monly other fetishes), the Plate of Ages is initially
entirely blank, without a single mark upon it.

However, as the plate and the object it is at-
tached to are passed down from owner to owner, the
plate begins to engrave itself with the names of those
who own it. If it is attached to a fetish, then the first
successful activation of that fetish that the owner
makes automatically activates the plate aswell, which
immediately inscribes itself with the glyph of the
owner's name. If it is attached to a non-fetish, then
the plate itself will need to be activated for this to
occur. Should the owner not have a deed name or a
glyph to represent himself, the name is written in
human language.

The plate is surprisingly clever. If it begins to run
out of space, previous inscriptions shrinks in size, get
moved, or otherwise make space for the new ones. If
absolutely needed, the plate can even increase its own
size to make room for new inscriptions.

The Plate of Ages is bound with an elephant or
turtle-spirit.

Memory Coy
Level Two, Gnosis 5

This fetish usually takes the form of a drinking
horn, atankard or hip flask, or an elaborate ceremonial

80 Hammer and Klaive

Jian iia: ,

goblet. Glass Walkers sometimes prefer shot glasses,
and Bone Gnawers are fond of creating memory cups
out of glass tumblers, usually those featuring some old
faded cultural icon (old children's cartoons are a favor-
ite), shined up as nice and pretty as can be. Within the
fetish is bound a spirit of a songbird, a lovebird, a turtle
or (rarely) an elephant.

The memory cup must be filled with an alcoholic
drink (although the Bone Gnawer variant will accept
a soft drink) before it can be activated. Whoever
drinks next out of the fetish is filled with memories of
his past, whether they be from yesterday or from the
few days after his birth, in perfect detail. By rolling
Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 8) the drinker may
try to pick outa specific detail he didn't previously take
much notice of for an event in which he was present,
no matter how long ago. Galliards are fond of using this
fetish to pry details out of eyewitnesses to a particularly
interesting story.

Abrown
Piywters Necklace

Level Three, Gnosis 6

No plan ever survives the first ten minutes of
battle. The reason behind this isn't poor planning but
luck — no one can account for the inexplicable.
Apart, that is, from those bearing this fetish.

The Hunter's Necklace is made from the teeth and
claws of a predatory animal and is bound with a cat or
owl-spirit. When activated, the necklace imbues the
wearer with an incredible sense of resilience, not only
in body but in spirit. When activated the wearer
receives one extra Bruised health level, and receives a
+1 bonus to all rolls which primarily depend upon
luck. (Storyteller caveat:.This does not mean all die
rolls, despite thesfact that the dice's tesults hinge on
luck. Don'tdét a player convince you otherwise! )

Furthermore, the spirit within the fetish is loosely
bound enough by this rite to exert greater force than
normal if needed. If activated, the player can choose to
allow the necklace to absorb either a single blow that
would otherwise kill the wearer, or to somehow reverse
the effects of one suddenly disastrous stroke of bad
luck. If this happens, then the necklace falls apart and
can never be put back together again.

Pooky Bardagar (Tien)

Gnosis 7

These days,,Bloody Bandages have fallen out of
favor, mainly because the war has become so constant.
But when the Garou actually have.timés of peace and
can plan their battles ahead of time, Ahroun often take
the time to prepare this most useful of talens.


The effect this talen has is quite desirable — when
activated, the talen restores a number of health levels
equal to the number of successes rolled on the activa-
tion roll. If this takes the warrior above perfectly
healthy, then he gains an extra number of health levels
above the normal ones. These additional health levels
are lost first and then are not healed in battle.

However, making one is a trial in itself. The
object required for the talen is a set of bandages that
can cover most of the werewolf's arms, legs and chest
in Crinos form, soaked in the wearer's own blood.
The talen does not work if the amount of blood lost
doesn't bring the werewolf down to Incapacitated.
While regeneration means that a werewolf can quickly
heal from such a debilitating loss of blood, most'feel
this period of weakness is intolerable inthe modern
age. The Apocalypse War comes to the Garou these
days, and any time their greatest warriors are not
completely prepared and alert is unacceptable. But,
should the chance to make them presentitself, Bloody
Bandages can be invaluable.

Bloody Bandages are bound with a leech-spirit.

Tp Stitt

Pack Fila
Zen of hood

Level Two, Gnosis 6

The Furies, as seen in Roman and Greek mythol-
ogy, were the pursuers of sin. Apart from a slight
change in focus, the Black Furies would agree strongly
with this assessment — they are the hounds upon the
heels of those who would sin against women. This
makes them just to a degree, but it does not make them
kind for a moment. The Bowl is used to collect the
blood of a target they believe is lying about important
information.

The fetish is activated as the victim is cut and
blood flows into the Bowl. This cut must do at least one
level of lethal or aggravated damage, and each time the
blood must come from a new cut. As the blood fills the
Bowl, the victim is asked a single question. If they tell
the truth, their blood will flow innocent and red into
the Bowl. Should they tell falsehood, however, then
the blood will become black as it hits the surface,
showing their guilt.

It is possible, though very difficult, to fool the
Bowl. Partial truths can confuse it, and carefully worded
sentences can conceal valuable information. To at-
tempt to fool the Bowl, the victim must roll Intelli-
gence + Subterfuge (difficulty 8). As the interrogation
continues and more blood is lost, however, mental
capacities decline and almost inevitably all informa-

See ere er earweseren ream Nes mene

tion is surrendered. Almost all who are subjected to a
Bowl of Blood die from their wounds.

The Bowl of Blood is made from copper, decorated
with either glyphs or elegant drawings, and is bound
with a seawater spirit.

Lion Skip

Level Three, Gnosis 8

Prospective researchers of fetishes often look for
"enchanted objects" within human cultures. Some-
times these objects are genuine fetishes whose legend
was somehow discovered and incorporated into hu-
man legends. And even if it wasn't, it can give the
fetish maker ideas. Nobody's quite sure if the Lion Skin
influenced Greek myth or was influenced by Greek
myth; the Black Furies stridently claim they had it
before a certain wife and child-murdering imbecile
who didn't know his place did. But most who own one
of these devices don't care, and are simply grateful for
the protection it affords them.

Like the pelt of the legendary Nemean Lion,
spears or arrows cannot pierce this hide. (Or swords, or
bullets, or small explosions.) Unlike the Herculean
myth and despite its name,the pelt does not actually
need to be from a lion; any predatory mammal's fur will
do. However, since most Garou are understandably
reluctant to use a.wolf pelt, most end up using big cat
pelts anyway. For obvious reasons, it is inadvisable to
wear one of these when meeting with the Bastet. Some
Garou have tried using other animals such as bears, but
this presents equally obvious problems elsewhere.

The pelt is imbued with a rock or steel-spirit.
When activated, it doubles the wearer's soak total for
that turn.

Ctiltbonis Cou bbeas and Potions (Talon)

Gnosis 6-8

Between the wisdom of every Mother and Crone
on the planet, it is possible that the Black Furies can
find a cure to almost any childhood ailment, including
some of the most serious. This surprises some other
Garou, but makes perfect sense among the Furies. The
Furies embrace motherhood as an essential part of
their connection to Gaia, and to do their job poorly
would be to deny part of that connection. Besides
which, since they never keep any male Garou, the
importance of keeping their young alive until they can
undergo their First Change is double what it would be
for other tribes.

This entry represents a plethora of different liq-
uids, herbs, and other cures to a variety of childhood
woes from the flu to whooping cough even to child-
hood cancer and leukemia. Generally, Black Fury
cures tend to mirror modern science, but can often

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 81

|

deviate. Very few Black Furies probably know of any
technique that has a chance of curing cancerous con-
ditions, but there might be one somewhere in the
world who does. (Storytellers may wish to assign a level
to such powerful talens, having them purchased or
created as fetishes but only working once before being
discarded.) More common ailmentsyevén life threat-
ening ones, can generally be treated with these talens
and such treatment often has fewer-sidé' effects and
shorter recovery times than modern-médicine. (Al-
though the spiritual cost of such ensures that non-
Black Furies will not see the benefit of it outside of
exceptional circumstances.) In all cases, the talen rolls
its own Gnosis to cure diseases. Non-life threatening
illnesses are difficulty 4. Terminal illnesses that can be
cured by modern medicine are difficulty 6. Diseases
that are otherwise incurable are difficulty 9.

Cobden Apples (Tiden)

Gnosis 7

The goddess of the Primordial Night, Nyx, gave
birth to the Hesperides, a set of daughters who would
guard the Golden Apples given by Gaia to Zeus and
Hera upon their wedding day. Most Black Furies enjoy
the compliment of being compared to a dread goddess
of the night, but take exception to the rest of the story.
Gaia gave the Apples to them directly. And Heracles
never got near them.

The legends that talk of the original Golden Apples
and what incredible powers they would possess are
hard to believe. The most common story by far is that
anyone eating just one would become utterly invin-
cible, so filled with life that she would never know
death. However, the Golden Apples that the Furies
know are a specific set of talens, the techniques for
making which have been passed down throughout the
ages. The process of infusing one of these apples is quite
different from the normal process of talen making; the
secret must be learned from Black Fury elders, al-
though to other Black Furies it is normally taught
freely. It works by binding three tree spirits into an
apple, and it is this process that turns the apple golden.

When activated, the golden shine becomes even
more powerful. A sense of incredible life flows from the
Apples and causes any who see them to want to devour
them more than anything else. A Willpower roll at
difficulty 6 is required to resist the temptation to fling
all else aside and focus solely upon eating the apple.
When eaten, the Golden Apples roll their Gnosis
against a difficulty of the eater's Rage; every success
restores one health level. This restorative effect re-
minds not a few Black Furies and Get of Fenris of the
Norse legends of Idun's golden apples, suggesting a
connection where the two tribes don't want to see one.

8

—_

Zone Gabry

A usteaban Sittebbade

Level Two, Gnosis 6

If you decide to walk around the streets carrying a
grand klaive, then you probably need your ass kicked
by the police. While no Bone Gnawer is seriously in
danger of such a beating, they could really do without
the hassle. As such, they have a great love of little
weapons thatget overlooked when stuffed into a jacket
or other pockets

Enter the Australian Switchbladéjcreated by Bone
Gnawers in Sydney. Imbued with a lizard-spirit (tradi-
tionally a frill-necked lizard, but enterprising Bone
Gnawers have proved any old lizard will do), this
common-looking switchblade has a nasty surprise when
opened — the blade extends out to three or four feet
long. When not activated, the Switchblade works as a
normal knife, but if activated it acts as a sword. (Rules
for both weapons can be found in Werewolf: The
Apocalypse, pg. 210.) The weapon deals only lethal
damage, making it a favorite for dueling other Garou
that you don't want to see dead; naturally, it also makes
fomori and mundane foes pretty dead as well.

Perhaps unfortunately, the Down Under heritage
of this weapon and its function has led more than a few
Bone Gnawers using it to quip, "That's not a knife..."
just one too many times. Most of the tribe agree this is

a bad, bad thing.

ter Vea
Level Three, Gnosis 7

An old favorite among the Bone Gnawers of
Central Park, NYC, and often dubbed "The Moldy
Grail," the Ever Meal has since been copied in several
other major cities throughout the world. Made from a
garbage can bound with a spirit of fertility or a prey
animal's spirit, (frequently grain or cow-spirits are
employed), the Ever Meal isn't carried around and
owned by a single Bone Gnawer but is shared by all
who use it. Often the spirit in an Ever Meal asks for a
taboo requiring a brief prayer before use, to ensure its
reputation as something beyond a shared resource.

To make use of the Ever Meal, the Bone Gnawer
either throws an empty food container into the Ever
Meal, or picks up one already put within it. She then
activates the fetish, and whichever container she's
holding is suddenly refilled. The state of this food is
surprisingly good, though always cheap: Drinks are
always generic cola, but it's cool and has ice. Burgers
tend to be pretty basic, but are nice and hot. The box
from an expensive gourmet pizza isn't going to be filled
with anything more upscale than a standard delivery
supreme, but it's nonetheless quite tasty. Each food

Hammer and Klaive


package can only be used once in this manner, after it's
been refilled one time, it never will be again.

Actually making one of these fetishes can be quite
an adventure in itself, since the design and implemen-
tation of one requires considerable subtlety and clev-
erness. Simply spraypainting on a few glyphs won't be
enough to make a garbage can attractive to spirits, so
stealing a garbage can, decorating it in a way that isn't
immediately obvious to the enemy, and then returning
it to its proper place can all become quite a difficult
undertaking.

Mash of Fushlee

Level Two, Gnosis 6

Werewolf justice isn't blind. It has its eyes wide
open, unrestrained by law (though sometimes restrained
by custom, tradition or elders), and focused heavily
upon vengeance. Like the werewolves themselves,
their notion of justice is tribal. But it doesn't need to
be inaccurate. Based upon the classic image of blind-
folded justice, the Bone Gnawers created this fetish for
just such reasons.

A long strip of gauze dipped in the blood of a
murder victim, the Mask of Justice is bound with a
spirit of war or Rage. When activated, the fetish allows
the wearer to see through the mask, but only the
murderer of the victim whose blood it is soaked in
appears in full clarity; all other visual input is obscured
as is usual for blood-soaked gauze.

When activated, the fetish remains activated un-
til the mask is removed.

Robed-Up EC Horror

Level Three, Gnosis 7

A rat, spider or dream-spirit is bound into this
fetish, which is an old EC horror comic. Though the
better condition it is in the more likely the spirit will
enter it, the comic must have been owned, read and
loved by an actual human child. Mint "collector's
items" simply don't work. The comic is rolled up into
astick and pointed at an enemy to activate. The fetish
then fills the target's mind with nightmares of skel-
etons, murderers and monsters, usually turning the
people within his range of vision into the figures of
fear. The victim may roll Willpower (difficulty 7) to
try and resist, but if he fails he will be unable to tell
friend from foe and suffers a -1 difficulty to all actions.

Bone Gnawers have also tried using this with old
Silver Age superhero comics, which are used to rally.
on allies and imbue them with strength of will and
purpose. These have worked, but have not been as
popular as the Rolled-Up EC Horror. A few fallen
Gnawers turned Black Spiral Dancer have tried to

emulate this success with underground comics focus-
ing on poorly-drawn but heartfelt murder, sadism and
misogyny, and even with stapled-together stills of
child pornography or snuff porn, but thankfully these
variations have yet to bear fruit.

ihren of Cita

Peace Thee

Level One, Gnosis 5

The Uktena and Wendigo were not the first Garou
to turn a peace pipe into a fetish — that particular idea
apparently occurred first to the Children of Gaia. In
construction, the Peace Pipe is fairly easily made. It is
a simple wooden smoking pipe, carved with three
glyphs on each side and a long string of beads embed-
ded underneath, bound with a Lune captured on the
night of a new moon. Intriguingly, however, it is also
one of the easiest to make wrongly. Many young Chil-
dren of Gaia make their Peace Pipes to eliminate the
smoker's Rage, reducing it to zero. Instead of facilitat-
ing conversation and ensuring lack of confrontation,
which is the fetish's intent, it tends to produce confu-
sion and hostility. Stripped entirely of one of the
fundamental parts of their nature, the smokers become
angry (though not filled with Rage), and little produc-
tive happens.

As such, wiser Children of Gaia make their Peace
Pipes to reduce the smoker's Rage to 1, which stems the
worst instincts and behaviors of the Garou while
keeping him in a familiar state of mind. The fetish
cannot be forced upon anyone, but once someone
freely consents to use it, it is impossible to resist. It is
also possible for someone else to activate it and then
hand it to another Garou to smoke. This works nicely
to prevent "cheating" by Smoking an inactivated pipe.

Core Vitef

Level Two, Gnosis 5

During the Dark Ages, it was popular fora noble to
have a cup made from a unicorn's horn. Such a cup
would be proof against any poisons a would-be usurper
might deliver. Needless to say, the genuine article was
somewhat hard to fine — rhinoceros horn was the
closest one could get— and many nobles died drinking
from cups that they thoughtwere "unicorn horn."
However, the Children of Gaia weré'quite capable of
creating @ reasonable facsimile, and often»did so to
protect those rulers theyrapproved of from murder.

The Pure Vessel isa cup made from softwood, with
asingle glass bead set at the lowest point of the interior.
A spirit sent from Unicorn herself is bound into the
cup, and when activated it will shake violently should

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 83

ee se eee ee

NN

Seren ere rae ce ern ch rv a re mreremmerenv

asingle touch of poison enter it. After being activated
the fetish's effects last for a lunar month.

A more powerful version of this fetish also exists.
While nota unique fetish, the secrets of its creation are
now lost (although it is possible that a Child of Gaia
ancestor-spirit may still know them), and no more
than five ever existed at one time. These are consid-
ered Level Five, Gnosis 8. Water poured into these
becomes an active anti-toxin and would remove poi-
son in anything it was poured onto or into. These must
be activated every time they are poured.

Noke Generafor

Level Two, Gnosis 6

One Glass Walker who caught wind of this most
unusually technological device for the Children of
Gaia, described the Noise Generator as "a glorified dog
whistle." The charge is somewhat accurate, but so
what? As a way to break apart fights in a hurry, there's
little better.

The Noise Generator is a personal alarm bound
with a Glade Child. Together, the Noise Generator
sounds exactly the right pitch at an impossibly high
volume to create pain-inducing noise for those so
able to hear it: dogs, certain other animals, and most
importantly, Garou in Crinos form. Allowed to
continue, it can break a Garou in anything but the
heat of frenzy.

Which does, however, create a problem with
this solution. Succeeding at a Rage roll at difficulty
8 enables a Garou to resist the effects of the powerful
noise. One success is enough to forge past the pain-
ful sound and operate as normal. A failure forces the
Garou to change back to Homid or Glabro form to
avoid being crippled with pain. (Lupus Garou must
also change to Homid to avoid being so disabled,
which is another problem with the device to many
Children's mind.) However, should enough suc-
cesses be rolled, then the Garou can simply enter
frenzy, another quite simple and workable solution
to the noise.

The effects of this fetish last for one scene or until
deactivated.

Retorwding Sword,

Level Five, Gnosis 6

Most Children of Gaia fetishes are decorated quite
simply; a strong part of the Children of Gaia ethos is
humility, and gaudy flashiness doesn't sit well with
that. This blade, however, is pointedly made to defy
that design. It is outwardly brilliant, made from per-
fectly forged silver, and features carved runes that are
then painted to accentuate their lines. It draws atten-
tion, which is exactly the point. Bound with an earth-

84 Hammer and Klaive

tt —_— iar

quake-spirit, all who see the blade feel the wounds
inflicted by it. And a dazzling display of its use can
bring an army to his knees.

When activated, the fetish can force any oppo-
nents within sight distance of the blade to make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) under one of three cir-
cumstances: Whenever the wielder of the blade hits an
opponent twice in a row without being hit, whenever
the blade does more than four health levels of damage
in one blow, and whenever the blade delivers a death
blow. Any opponents failing this roll immediately
surrender or flee, incapable of fighting against an
opponentso obviously and incredibly superior to them.
However, the blade is unfortunately ineffective against
those of a higher rank than the wielder.

The Resounding Sword does damage as normal for
a sword. It is made out of silver but not bound with a
war-spirit, and thus does aggravated damage only to
creatures vulnerable to silver.

Fava

Shoed Senef

Level Two, Gnosis 6

The Fianna most commonly wearthe Blood Jewel,
although similar fetishes also exist among the Get of
Fenris and Silver Fangs, The Jewel takes the form of a
tuby, soaked in the blood of a felled opponent, set in
gold; usually the fetish appears as a brooch, though it
works perfectly well as a necklace or bracelet. Once
activated, any opponent the wearer faces in combat
will find it highly difficult to take his eyes off the Jewel,
suffering a +2 difficulty to all strike and dodge rolls as
a result.

In addition, the spirit of Rage within the ruby
pushes the opponent to further and further distraction.
Every round, the opponent must make a Rage roll. The
difficulty begins at 8, but drops by one every round
afterwards to a minimum of 4. (If the opponent does
not possess Rage, none of this occurs.)

Employing one of these fetishes is not for the weak
of heart, because it almost always results in fighting a
creature in frenzy. But,for those who are both confi-
dent and determined, itis a favored trap.

Sttjohog Band,

Level Five, Gnosis 8

One of the most treasured fetishes of the tribe, the
Shining Band bestows upon the wearer the gift of
prophecy. Made from a single thin band of gold, the
Shining Band requires elaborate preparation and must
embody both the male and female aspects of creation;
it must be made.by a®woman and first worn by a man.
Into the molten gold must be melted an object of the


past, an object of the present, and an object of the
future. Finally, but no less importantly, it must be
touched by a bird, a fish, a hare and must be left in a
wheat field for one day and one night before finally
having a spirit bound into it. The empowering spirit
can be the spirit of any of the animals that touched it:
bird, hare or fish.

Once worn and activated on a clear night, the
wearer may look into the stars and ask of them one
question. As she does so, the Shining Band gleams,
producing a near blinding light. The Storyteller rolls
the Band's Gnosis in secret against a difficulty of the
local Gauntlet. The more successes, the clearer the
answer given. If the roll fails, then the fetish is imme-
diately worthless to that wearer from that point on —
she will never again receive an answer from it.

Even if the roll succeeds, the band only answers
three questions for each wearer. Many Fianna believe
that even though the wearer inevitably asks about
what is to come, the band inevitably answers a ques-
tion about the past, a question about the present, and
a question about the future. There are maybe three or
four of these fetishes in existence. Generally they fall
under the "hundred year rule" of the Fianna — any
spirit placed within one of these fetishes is released
after a century.

See en ro mes anweseren reas eee

Tora

Level and Gnosis Variable

One of the most common fetishes for the Fianna,
particularly among those from Ireland, is the torc. A
torc is a Celtic body decoration created from a heavy
ring of twisted metal worn around the neck, arms,
waists or across the chest. To the Celts, and the Fianna,
they represented strength, power and majesty. That
they became a favored object in fetish design was
inevitable. Numerous varieties of these exist, some of
which are listed in the Players Guide to Garou. The
following are some more examples:

© Messenger Torcs (Level One, Gnosis 5) are
worn by emissaries, diplomats, or other Fianna mes-
sengers to other tribes during times of war. Always
made from gold or other flashy, highly visible metal,
messenger torcs are bound with the spirit of a young
cub or other infant animal. Their heads are shaped in
the form of the glyphs connoting "Travel" and "Ob-
servant." When activated, the torc sends an em-
pathic message to any who see it, telling them not to
attack the wearer of the torc. Those who wish to
attack the wearer must make a Willpower roll, diffi-
culty 7; if the torc's wearer is currently engaged in
combat or otherwise posing an obvious threat, no
Willpower roll is needed.


This message of the tore wearer holds no actual
power over those who receive it, but in all save the
most bloodthirsty of wars it gives messengers a chance
to safely deliver a message and leave afterwards. This
is especially true of battles with other Fianna; the
messenger torc is a proud tradition that few ever
choose to break. However, it does work against any
opponents, human, animal or otherwise. Even the
servants of the Wyrm have been known to occasion-
ally honor the very temporary truce a messenger torc
suggests, although some propose this is done simply to
lure other Fianna into walking right into their claws.

¢ Battle Torcs (Level Three, Gnosis 7) are easily
the most common fetish torcs among the Fianna.
Made at least partially from hard metals (many also
incorporate a softer but more beautiful second metal)
and bound with a spirit of Rage, the battle torcs are
particularly favored by those Fianna that are both
proficient with and switch between unarmed, armed
and ranged combat. Quite often they are employed in
combination with weapons that can be both used
hand-to-hand and thrown, allowing the wearer a strong
versatility that a fetish weapon can't provide. Anyone
wearing a battle torc makes any Brawl rolls, Melee
rolls, or Athletics rolls to hit an opponent with a
thrown object at -2 difficulty.

Heritage Torcs (Level Five, Gnosis 8), are handed
down along family lines among the Fianna, a practice
that inevitably produces chaos and bickering given the
Fianna's haphazard ancestry. (Proving who is the closest
Garou descendant can be difficult in any family without
high levels of Pure Breed.) They are bound with a wolf-
spirit, and the heads are always shaped in the form of
wolf's heads. When activated, the fetish envelops the
wearer in an aura of nobility that emulates all the
greatest heroes of his line. In effect, the wearer gains'
Pure Breed 5 while the torc is active.

Though they would seem to be a tremendous boon
to a young cub attempting to gain respect, this boost

lasts only as long as she wears the Torc, and anyone —

employing such a fetish often makes a lot of enemies
eager to get their hands on it. Worse, inevitably
someone wearing it falls in battle to someone who
steals the torc, forcing the young cub to avenge their
ancestor's death to reclaim her rightful mantle.

Death Sword (Talon)

Gnosis 8

In Celtic legend, the hero Cuchulainn died in an
act of incredible determination, bravery and loyalty.
Tied to a tree to keep him upright despite grievous
wounds while single-handedly fighting off the army of
Maeve, his tragic sacrifice is one that connects power-

8

os

fully with the Fianna, especially in these final days. As
a result, more and more of these swords are being
forged. This is tragic, since they are only forged when
the Fianna is utterly certain of his own death. There is
a legend of one Fianna who created one of these swords
and went into battle with it, but drastically overesti-
mated the forces she faced and easily vanquished
them. Mortified at having created such a sword im-
properly, she lived up to the tradition by impaling
herself upon it.

Bound with a spirit of Rage, the Death Sword comes
alive in the Fianna's hands, drawing on his passion and
determination to keep swinging long after he should be
dead. The sword does Strength +2 aggravated damage
and is difficulty 6 to strike with. However, the most
distinctive feature of the blade is that whoever wields it
will continue to fight until the blade is removed from
their hand or they are hacked to pieces.

Once the wielder reaches a point below Incapaci-
tated, they do not die nor fall unconscious and con-
tinue to fight until the blade is somehow removed from
their hand. This can be done in a number of ways. A
targeted attack against the wielder's hand can sever it
from the body, doing so requires three unsoaked health
levels of damage from the targeted attack. Once below
Incapacitated, any single attack that does more than
five aggravated unsoaked health levels of damage is
assumed to simply tear the opponent asunder. Also,
once the character reaches fifteen health levels below
Incapacitated, his body has presumably been hacked to

bits. Finally, frenzy will always cause the wielder to
drop the blade.

Coat of Panne
ah of Toth

Level TwosGnosis 6

The Get of Fenris have little timéfor those who
would deceive them, and this fetish means they don't
need to wast€ any time with liars!The Torch of Truth
is madé from iron and has a water-spirit botind into it?
The fetish is lit as it is activated and should anyone
holding the torch actively lic, the flame immediately
extinguishes itself, While this fetish could conceivably
be used asa lie detector, it is more commonly used by
a leader to inspire his soldiets. By holding the torch
during a speech, héassures his troops of his honesty and
forthrightnes8.

Soife not-so-forthright leaders have made fake
Torches and used them. Suffice it to say that those
discovered employing such devious tactics are never
trusted again, if they are suffered to live at all; this is a
display of weakness that the Fenrir find highly infuriating.

Hammer and Kflaive

riley //,


Spots Sete

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The Spirit Skin is one of the most disgusting
fetishes the Garou know of, and indeed the Get of
Fenris proudly boast that they "own" the fetish purely
by virtue of being the only ones emotionally strong
enough to make it. (Rumor has it that there are a few
Uktena versions of this fetish around; the Uktena
aren't ones to shy away from a good idea just because
it seems "gruesome.") Creating a Spirit Skin is a
harrowing experience — the vessel employed is the
Garou's own skin, delicately sliced from the body and
then properly tanned into leather. Since Garou regen-
erate, this isn't a life-endangering procedure, but the
prospect of flaying oneself is still something that turns
many of Gaia's finest into shivering wrecks. Only
those with a Willpower of 6 or above can even attempt
to make a Spirit Skin.

Once the leather has been procured, it is fashioned
into clothing of any sort that covers the majority of the
body. (Coats and cloaks are most popular.) A spirit of
bone is then bound into the garment. Once com-
pleted, the fetish forms a spiritual second skin that
enemy spirits must pierce in addition to the Garou's
normal skin. When activated, the fetish doubles the
Garou's soak pool against attacks made by spirits. A
Spirit Skin doesn't work for anyone but its maker.

Ah Stone Plarorer

Level Four, Gnosis 7

The dwarf Alvis was renowned for his wisdom and
judgment, yet was horribly tricked by Thor. Thor's
daughter Thrud was promised to Alvis in exchange for
the forging of many weapons, but the wretched crea-
ture was then tricked into being outside at daybreak.
The first ray of sunlight to hit him turned him to stone.
According to some Get of Fenris legends, Alvis cre-
ated the first example of these fetishes before he died.
According to others, the first of these hammers was
made from Alvis.

Always made from solid rock and about one foot
long, the hammer is bound with a bear-spirit. One
taboo the spirit always requests upon creation is: "I will
never be touched by someone without wisdom." It will
not activate for anyone without at least one point of
permanent Wisdom Renown.

When activated, the hammer strikes at difficulty
4, doing Strength +1 aggravated damage when used
hand-to-hand. It can also be thrown up to thirty yards,
at difficulty 5, inflicting the same damage. More im-
pressively, it will never strike a friend of the wielder,
even if the wielder is in the throes of a berserk frenzy.

Favor of Fewrkt

Level Five, Gnosis 7

Fortune favors the bold. Fenris, however, favors
thestrong. He abhors those who would employ crutches,
but rewards those who stand tall without any help. The
Favor of Fenris reflects this. A copper amulet engraved
three times with the mark of Fenris and hung on an
iron chain, the Favor is bound with a servant of Fenris
and is regarded as a rare honor — Fenris gives his favor
to very few. When attempting to make a Favor, all rolls
involved in the process are made at +1 difficulty,
however, anyone who owns one of these immediately
receives three points of temporary Honor and one
point of temporary Glory. (Storytellers may want to
forbid these items to starting characters.)

In addition to the three marks of Fenris, each
Favor is engraved withasymbol meaning either "War,"
"Dance" or "Build." These three symbols each repre-
sent one of the three Attribute groups. War represents
Physical, Dance Social, and Build Mental. For every
statistic within that category the wearer has at 4, the
Favor adds one to bring it up to 5 when activated. For
every statistic rated at 5, the Favor adds two and brings
it up to 7. So does Fenris reward the strong. Once
activated the effect lasts for a scene.

Glau Wufkers
Lace Fitfof

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The blaze pistol appears much like any other
9mm pistol, but inside it is bound the spirit of ahawk,
owl, or bat. The fetish canbe activated while pushing
back the slide; and as the slide snaps back into place
around will not be chambered. Instead, the chamber
is emptied and a faint light emerges from the barrel.
When fired nextythis faintlight becomes a blaze that
arcs from the pistol to its target. The user rolls
Firearms as normal to hit the target, with any appro-
priate modifiers.

If the arc of light hits, it does no damage. But for
the rest of the'scene, the pistol will constantly point
toward the person the light struck. It does this even if
awall or other cover obscures the target, and no matter
how far away the person is. The fetish user can't point
the pistol away from the target unless they deactivate
the fetish. However, all attempts to shoot that person
with the blaze pistol are made at -3 difficulty while the
fetish is activated, and tracking the person is a breeze.
Cover is also less effective; unless the cover is thick
enough to stop the bullet, the shooter can simply fire
right through it.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 87

> pene nae.

|

Seer renee renee cree a ren coe arrears merase)

Pertondl bral Dightl Auktant (PUDA)

Level Four, Gnosis 8

The Glass Walkers have, on occasion, a compul-
sion to create devices that could best be described as
"cute," and most would argue the PUDA more or less
fits that category. This is because most people have not
been subject to the devastating array of forces that the
PUDA can bring to bear.

Effectively, the PUDA is a palmtop computer
bound with a bee spirit. This bee spirit creates a hive
file structure in an Umbral space around the PDA,
which can store and organize various rites before
completion and then "execute" the rite at a later time.
The Glass Walker simply has to switch the PUDA to
"Record" mode and place it carefully in the middle of
the rite. When finished, the rite does not have any
effect, but (if successful) is then stored in the PUDA
and can have its effect come to pass with the click of
atouch-sensitive pad any time thereafter. Each activa-
tion can execute one rite, but if the roll fails the rite is
lost. If the roll for the rite depends upon outside factors,
then all rolls are made when the rite is executed rather
than when it is first performed to be stored.

The following Rites work with a PUTA: Rite of
Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Rite of Binding, Rite of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite
of Becoming, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Sum-
moning, Voice of the Jackal, and Rending of the Veil.

Each rite stored on the PUDA requires some
spiritual energy to be preserved, which is taken from
the Glass Walker using it in the form of a single
temporary point of Gnosis. This Gnosis does not
restore in the usual manner, but is returned the mo-
ment that a rite is successfully executed. If the execu-
tion fails and the rite is lost, the Gnosis goes with it, but
may be regained in the usual fashion.

For example: Julia "Firewall" Spencer has Gnosis 3
and is expecting to meet with an angry spirit tomorrow
night. Taking out her PUDA, she places it on the floor of
her London apartment in record mode and carefully con-
ducts the Rite of Binding, spending one point of Gnosis in
the process. The rite is stored by the PUDA, which then
also takes a single point of Gnosis to keep the rite alive.
When Firewall confronts the spirit, she's down to her last
point of Gnosis, so she'd better hope her luck is with her
when she tries to activate the fetish. But if she's successful,
not only will her Rite of Binding activate instantly, she'll
regain the point of Gnosis needed to store the rite. If she
fails, that temporary Gnosis point will be gone with the rite,
and Firewall will be in trouble indeed...

On top of all of this, the PUDA works as a normal
PDA too. Wonders will never cease.

88
A —_——

Spot Uf (Titer)

Gnosis 6

One of the most common tribal traditions around
the world is the spirit quest. In some cases, these are
actually psychotic episodes brought on by various
crude narcotics. Naturally the Glass Walkers have
none of this. They bring on their psychotic episodes
with very reliable and machine made narcotics. What's
more, their narcotics actually work as ordered — they
really do aid with spirit quests. Of course, the addition
of Pattern Spiders along with various chemical com-
pounds helps.

When taken and activated, the Spirit Pill charges
the Garou's spiritual aspect, making it easier to step
sideways. All Gnosis rolls to step sideways are reduced
by 3. However, the drugs are not without their side
effects. The drugs also cause Garou to become even
more prone to anger and aggression than normal. All
Rage rolls are made at -2 difficulty. These effects last
for one scene.

Ta Sg (Talon)

Gnosis 8

One assassination weapon that has been widely
theorized but never built is an accurate, telescopic
sight, closed-action sniper rifle that fires a heavy slug
at low velocity. This would allow silenced rifles to be
workable assassination weapons. (Most of the time,
the high velocity bullet makes too much noise.) The
trick is to get low velocity, heavy weight and accurate
all in the same device — an impossible task, since the
slower the bullet the less accurate it will be. Naturally,
the Glass Walkers have an angle on this.

The Slug is a talen bullet that is both heavy and
shot at a low velocity, but is wrapped with wind or
bird-spirits to improve its range and accuracy. Once
fired, it literally glides on an invisible wind to its
target, finishing with a sudden burst of speed an inch
away from impact. The effects of this are staggering,
and almost any hit with this bullet is fatal, at least to
normal humans. Any shot taken with it while acti-
vated is at +2 accuracy, doubles range, and if success-
ful the weapon does four more dice of damage than
normal for its caliber.

There is also a rarer pistol fetish version of this
talen, which, instead of improving accuracy, simply
doubles the weight of the bullet after it's fired. It is
rated Level 4, Gnosis 8, but bestows no accuracy or
range bonus and does double damage, as if it were a
ranged Fang Dagger. Like the Fang Dagger, it is good
for one shot only per activation.

Hammer and Klaive

—


Red Talons
Opty Wafer

Level Two, Gnosis 6

Among wolves, smell is the dominant sense. Not
only does it convey information about the environ-
ment to wolves, but also about identities. Losing one's
scent is as disturbing to a wolf as losing one's face would
be to a human, but sometimes this is very advanta-
geous. Being unable to be smelled means that you
cannot be sensed even when the wind is behind you,
and it makes being tracked harder as well. Empty
Water is designed for these occasions.

Despite the name, Empty Water is actually the
hollow of a small pond or pool rather than the actual
water within it. It is created laboriously by scratching
constantly ata large rock, usually while in Crinos form.
After this, a wind-spirit is bound into the rock. After
arain, the fetish can be activated to "charge" the water
within and the user simply washes in it to remove his
scent. On the plus side, the lack of smell makes the
character nearly invisible to most animals, making all
Stealth rolls to those who judge primarily by smell at
-4 difficulty. Attempts to track the character are made
at +3 difficulty for animals and +1 difficulty for human
trackers. (Spirits might fall under either penalty, or
neither, depending upon their nature. This is left up to
the Storyteller.)

However, the psychological effects of being scent-
less are somewhat disturbing to mostlupus. Those who
use this suffer a -1 penalty to allolls until:the effect
ends, which is normally in two days. Particularly messy
activity (especially bleeding) will also end this effects
Generally, being reduced.to Wounded is sufficient to
restore a scent.

Wutebhng Bonet

Special Rules for Level and Gnosis.

Watching Bones*are an unusual creation in a
number of ways. For starters, it's not really a single
fetish but rather a large collection of them bundled
together. Each one houses a different spirit, each is
made from a different item, but they are never acti-
vated separately. Basically, it's a set of animal bones,
each bound with the spirit of the animal the bones
came from. Creating a set of Watching Bones requires
the Red Talon to improvise on the spot, first success-
fully completing the Prayer for the Prey, and then
afterwards a very hasty Rite of the Fetish. (The body
may still be eaten, only the bones need to be kept
intact.) For the purposes of the Rite of the Fetish, the
Watching Bones is a Level 1, Gnosis 5 fetish.

_ a

Once a single set of bones is created, it is left in
a pile in a safe place. Over time, the Red Talon will
add to it by hunting down a different animal, going
through the Rite of the Fetish once more (Again, the
fetish is created as a Level 1, Gnosis 5 fetish), and
then adding the bones to the pile of the first. This can
then be done a single time more. With one set of
animal bones, the fetish is considered to be Level 1,
Gnosis 5 for the purposes of purchasing with Back-
ground points and activation. With two sets of ani-
mal bones, it is considered to be a Level 2, Gnosis 6
fetish, and with three it is considered to be Level 3,
Gnosis 8. In all cases, it is considered to be a single
fetish once the bones are piled together.

When activated;the:Watching Bones attract any
animals of the kind(s) whose bones exist in the pile.
This makés hunting easier not only for the fetish
activator, but for any who know that it is operating. For
anyone present when thé fetish is activated, lower all
hunting roll difficulties by a number equal to the
fetish's overall level.

Dread Rock (Jalen)

Gnosis‘6

An early fetish created by the Red Talons, prob-
ably dating all the way back to the first days of human
towns and settlements, the Dead Rock works on the
strategy that disrupting humanity's food sources is one
of the easiést ways to prevent their expansion. Even
todayy this fetish finds good use in trying to stop
continued clearing of trees by convincing farmers that
the soil in the area in unsuitable for farming. It is less
successful today against massive corporate owned farms
simply due to scale, but it gets tried.

The Dead Rock is asmall smooth pebble scratched
with the glyph for "Desert" or "Wasteland" on it, and
bound with a salt-spirit. Once activated, it is buried in
the ground in the center of a field. Within the day, the
plants closest to where the rock was buried die. Every
following day, more crops die, extending further and
further out from the rock. It is possible that some tales
of crop circles are in fact the results of this fetish being
used, since the pattern caused is roughly circular.

Every day after being planted, the talen rolls its
own Gnosis against difficulty 7. If one or more suc-
cesses are achieved, then the circle of spoiled crops
increases ten yards. This continues until a failure is
rolled. Note that the Dead Rock cannot tell the
difference between crops and natural plants, so a
particularly troublesome rock might eventually need
to be dug up again.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 89

Soames a


Seamer eevee rere re a ren se rv amr ca res ena rensmnrenroh)

ive Tooth (Talen)

Gnosis 8

The Red Talons name is sometimes interpreted to
symbolize a group whose teeth and claws are soaked in
the blood of humans, but a truer interpretation would
interpret "Red" in the light of the fire of Rage. Rage at
the pain of thousands of species, and with them the
spirits, totems and life that have all been eradicated in
the name of humanities expansion. With a Fire Tooth,
the name isn't figurative in the slightest.

The fetish is made from one of the Red Talon's
own teeth, knocked from their jaw and scratched three
times. It is then bound with a spirit of Rage. When
activated, the tooth begins to burn red hot, and finally
explodes eight turns later. When this happens, it does
8 levels of aggravated damage to anything within three
feet. Since they are small.enough to be placed inside
machinery and the like, they can be normally em-
ployed to destroy human equipment quite easily.

JSiadow Lordt
Ntrror Maré

Level Three, Gnosis 5

Those Shadow Lords who know. the secrets of this
trick pity the Ragabash, or indeed the Corax, who can
be so verycurious. Curiosity kills much more than cats.

The Mirror Maze is a tiny, Usuallyno more than a
1/3 of an inch square mirror bound with a Wyld-spirit
that is then set within anotherobjeéct, usually a replica
of another fetish: When activated the mirror instantly
traps the éyes and mind of the person activating it,
multiplying itself into an infinite number of mirrors
that appear to be'everywhere*in every direction. To
others, the victim of the tinytrap looks as ifhe has been
drugged, staggering about lost within a maze entirely
within his own head. The effect is quite insidious,
requiring a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to resist; if
ensnared, the victim is caught until sunrise.

The grip this fetish has upon the victim is actually
quite fragile; a few good smacks upside the head will
break the trance and bring them back to reality. But
most commonly the person administering the blows
will be, of course, the Shadow Lord who has returned
to her dwellings and found someone nosing around her
stuff. What ensues is never pleasant.

Mibolgbt Lightolng

Level Five, Gnosis 8

In the year 1759, a pack of Shadow Lords of great
experience, notoriety and might each crafted for him-

self a klaive of deadly power, whose blade was black as
the sky at midnight and whose spirit bore the anger of

90 Hammer and Klaive

ne ee ee ee,

Grandfather Thunder himself. These five Garou were
the terror of the soldiers of the Wyrm in Eastern
Europe for exactly a decade until in 1769 the Wyrm
marshaled its forces against them. For three days and
nights, the battle raged atop a craggy peak in the
pouring rain before the pack's alpha fell last beneath
the Wyrm's might. As they died, each packmember
threw his blade into the storm, and Grandfather Thun-
der hurled them all to the four winds, to be scattered
across the Earth.

So strong was this pack's bonds to each other that
the klaives formed a part of the pack. Anyone who
holds one of these great blades automatically senses
the location of the other four blades, who holds them,
and the other wielders' general health (either "Fine,"
"Hurt," or "Near Dead,") and surface emotions. In
addition, any group of Garou.each armed with Mid-
night Lightning may employ pack tactics with each
other, even if they aremot packmates. As with other
grand klaives, they strike at difficulty 6 and inflict
Strength +2 aggravated damage. Though burnished
black, the swords are indeed madevof silver. Each is
bound with a war-spirit andsa Stormcrow.

Finally, each,Midnight Lightning klaive never
does any visible damage. Though they inflict damage
as normal (with opponents suffering wound penalties),
and blood poursfrom where the sword hits, those killed
by it simply appear to have died from blood loss and
shock. Nowhere will their skin be broken.

Syorn Cavutlt

Level Five, Gnosis.7

One of the more visually arresting fetishes among
the Garou, the Storm Gauntlet is one of the symbols of
a Shadow Lord's authority and of Grandfather
Thunder's approval. The Storm Gauntlet is slightly
oversized (and if activated changes size to fit the
Garou's paw during shifts), made from iron and bound
witha Stormcrow. Grandfather Thunder himself sends
the Stormcrow bound to sucha Gauntlet and only ever
sends one when he is convinced of the worthiness of
the recipient. Commonly he sends those who would
make one of gauntlets these on a quest that in some
way furthers his ends.

Once a Stormcrow has been sent (and this does
not ensure the successful creation of the fetish, only a
permission to try), the Storm Gauntlet can be created.
Even when not activated, the Storm Gauntlet is a
frightening thing to behold. Any who wear the Storm
Gauntlet receive three temporary Honor for owning
the Storm Gauntlet. (They will, however, lose four
temporary Honor should they lose ownership of it.)
Lightning crackles across the iron in pulsing white


Syorypehers Egat Only!
It would be awfully like Grandfather Thunder
to punish any who slavishly go and finish the
assigned quest for him by informing them that
their efforts were insufficient, proffer no more
explanation, and send no Stormcrow. After all,
he's the sort to reason/that any who are that
trusting are obviously feither wise nor capable
enough to wield the might,of,a Storm Gauntlet.
Instead, those who aré careful enough to go about
the quest in such a way that they'ean "withhold
payment" until after the Stormcrow.is sent will
likely berewarded with amused but ‘approving
laughs ffom Grandfather Thunders-T hese Garou,
though irreverent, are the ones who really repre-
sent Grandfather Thunder, who knows that irrev-
erence is not asin in the battle against the Wyrm.
Gaia needs those who would challenge the gods.

And besides which, if your players haven't read
this, it would be a wonderfully rude shock for them
to learn that effort doesn't always equal reward.

electric arcs, and the air around the wearer feels hot.
When activated, however, it is incredibly dramatic.
The lightning bursts from the Gauntlet and strikes the
ground, and every strike made by the Gauntlet is
accompanied by a crack of thunder. All present when
the fetish is activated must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) in order to resist fleeing immediately.
(Garou failing the roll fall into Fox Frenzy.)

In addition to its impressive image, the Storm
Gauntlet can make a Shadow Lord frightening in
combat. Any claw attacks made with the Gauntlet do
an additional three dice of aggravated damage, and
even a successful parry with the Gauntlet does one die
of aggravated damage to the Shadow Lord's opponent.
(Both forms of damage are soakable if the opponent
has some means of soaking aggravated damage.)

Most Shadow Lords would kill for one of these
fetishes, or at least resort to very underhanded means
to relieve someone of it. Whoever can hold one of
these is a frightening adversary. Obviously, they can-
not be purchased with Background points during char-
acter creation.

Curse Bracelet

Level Variable, Gnosis 5

One problem the Shadow Lords often encounter is
that of trust. While they reject the notions of intrac-
table Honor (anything, including personal scruples,
must be sacrificed if this means it will aid Gaia), there
are times when former enemies must work together for


Seer ere ree ce a ares aver a res mrad)

Gaia's benefit. Curse Bracelets are a way of trying to re-
establish trust between those who previously shared
none. While many Shadow Lords detest these fetishes
with a passion, none deny they are a remarkable
example of lateral thinking in fetish design.

Curse Bracelets are always made in sets of two (or
more), and can be bound with almost any spirit,
though those capable of great destruction are pre-
ferred. The power of the spirit determines the level of
the fetish, though not the Gnosis, which is always 5.
This is because the spirit gets the cushiest job of all
time — it is told to sit tight in the bracelets and do
absolutely nothing. What makes the fetish useful is
that a number of taboos are also attached to it at
creation. The first of these is very simple: "You will
never take me off your wrist." All the rest detail the
exact nature of the alliance, and what constitutes a
breach. Should the taboos be broken, the fetish natu-
rally becomes cursed and begins taking vengeance
upon whoever broke the alliance. (The Storyteller can
adjudicate how this takes place.) Hence, it's a powerful
incentive to keep the trust of your allies.

This is als6ythe exact reason it is so detested by
many Shadow Lords, whovfeel it flies in the face of the
very nature of their tribal wisdom. If you learn tomor-
row that you Must betray the allies you'madéiteday in
order to save Gaia, they argue, then you absolutely
cannot»be bound in such away that Wwill.stopiyou.
Nothing, not léyalty, nor pride, nofhonor, nor friend-
ship can ever be held ab6veGaias These Shadow Lords
consider that those who seek alliances should simply
weigh up the risks intelligently and make their choices
based on this, rather than on the cheap hope offered by
tawdry trinkets.

Sent Sietiers
Sormbonk

Level Two, Gnosis 7

The Dark Umbra is a foul and forbidding place,
even to the Silent Striders who know it better than any
other tribe. In recent years this is even truer — the
Dark Umbra is more tumultuous and turbulent as
storms of the dead roll across its barren plains. While
the Stormcloak isa very old fetish, it has regained extra
popularity as a response to this increasing turmoil.

Stormcloaks are made as traditional desert cloaks
covering the body from head to toe, although some
more modern Silent Striders have experimented suc-
cessfully with raincoats and even leather jackets. Into
this is woven the spirit of an owl or any armored
animal, such as a turtle-spirit. While worn, the Silent
Strider doubles his soak pool against any spirits of the
Dark Umbra, or any other Dark Umbral phenomenon.

9

——

Ntrror Ejade

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The Silent Striders have a constant interest in the
spirit world in both the Dark Umbra and the Penumbra.
The mirror blade has arisen as a means of defense against
those spirits that often dog their heels. A long thin sword
made from mirrored metal, the mirror blade is bound with
a jackal-spirit and kept as polished as possible at all times
— not always an easy task on the road.

When activated, the blade begins to reflect light
brilliantly, far more than normal. Against flesh-and-
blood enemies, it's more or less worthless. It does
standard damage for a sword, far less than what a Garou
can wreak with claws and teeth. Against spirits, how-
ever, it is impressive. When it shines, it reveals spirits
in the Penumbra surrounding the wielder, and the
wielder can strike the spirits with it. The first strike
against a non-materialized spirit with the mirror blade
is at a difficulty equal to the local Gauntlet. If success-
ful, the mirror blade does normal sword damage to the
spirit and automatically pulls the Silent Strider into
the Umbra.At this point, most sheathe the sword and
rely claWs and teeth.

Ootvertal Mattage Tile

Level Three; Gnosis 6

A.common service provided by the Silent Striders,
particularly the) Wayfarers camp,iis smuggling. No mat-
ter if that smuggling is information, or ptecious objects,
or people, the Garou have again and again counted
upon Silent Striders to move things from places they
shouldn't be to other places they shouldn't be. To help
with this, the Universal Message Tube was created, and
has become not just a useful tool of smuggling but also
one of the tribe's best espionage weapons.

Created from hardened leather, the Message Tube
is a small, simple letter holder with a stiff cap, and
bound with a turtle-spirit. When activated, the Mes-
sage Tube can hold any single object that is smaller
than the Silent Strider carrying it is in Homid form,
and once activated a second time the object can be
extracted. This was originally designed to help smuggle
out treasures and the like, but also quickly became
incredibly useful for smuggling things into places as
well. Objects kept inside the Message Tube will not set
off metal detectors, and are more or less undetectable.
Combined with a klaive or a d'siah, the Message Tube
is a perfect way to conceal an assassin's approach.

Gnosis 7

According to one Egyptian legend, the sun god
Atum fired sunbeams as if they were arrows. Though the

Hammer and Kflaive

atmiinnme


SN ee

Silent Striders will never fire so many arrows as he did,
they're also slightly more inventive than he was. De-
signed for hunting vampires, Atum's Arrows are made
from acacia wood and bound with a sun spirit. They are
also split very carefully at two different points.

When activated and fired, the arrow becomes
infused with sunlight, turning into fire. However, the
breaks in the arrows shaft cause it to rupture in mid-
flight into three small balls of flame that each head
toward the same target in a shotgun-like effect. They
thus lack penetration but do considerably more dam-
age against creatures vulnerable to flame such as some
fomori and, of course, vampires.

Against foes vulnerable to fire, Atum's Arrows do
8 dice of aggravated damage and are at -1 difficulty to
hit. However, against any other foes they only do 1 die
of lethal damage.

Seer Fangs
Frock of Fathers

Level Three, Gnosis 5

The Silver Fangs often indulge in the practice of
creating fetish heirlooms, passed down through family
or mentor to student lines. The Brooch of Fathers
embodies this notion better than any other, however.
Handed down at death to its new owner, the Brooch
takes the natural connection of the wearer to his
forebears, and embodies their legends in the wearer's
image. Through small physical changes, body lan-
guage and instinct, the Garou resembles the ancestors
she is connected to.

In game terms, the Brooch works fairly simply.
When activated, the Silver Fang's Ancestors Back-
ground rating is added to his Pure Breed for the
remainder of the scene. As both a symbol of memory
and a guardian of the underworld, an owl-spirit is
bound into this fetish.

Chythel Saveho

Level Four, Gnosis 8

The word of the righteous shall be as law, and the
actions of the Silver Fangs will ring out with the divine
right of kings. Falcon's tribe has held their might and
leadership over the years — not by tradition, but with
the blessing of Gaia, Luna and Falcon. And while the
grand klaive remains the greatest symbol of office, the
Crystal Javelin retains great popularity in many quar-
ters, particularly among the descendants of the Roman
Silver Fangs that walked among the Patrician families.

Despite the name, most of the fetish is made from
wood, but the head is made from a transparent sub-
stance. The spearhead need not be crystal; some fe-
tishes boast heads of pure diamonds while others are

93

re ee NS


made of glass.) Into this is bound a Lune. When
activated, the Lune fills the head with her moonlight
and it turns to silver, causing it to do unsoakable
aggravated damage to Garou and many Fera. Much
like grand klaives, some are bound with a second spirit,
in this case nearly always a spirit of Rage or war. (Those
with a second spirit bound into them do aggravated
damage to anything, and are Level Five, Gnosis 8.)
In addition, the head of the javelin shines with
stunningly bright moonlight. Any attempts to strike
someone wielding the Javelin are made at +2 difficulty.
If thrown, the Javelin releases a blast of pure white
light when it lands, and anyone in the area who cannot
makea Wits + Alertness roll (difficulty 7).isblinded for

one turn.
The' Crystal Javelin does damage as per a spear.

ele of Styatogor

Level Five, Gnosis 8

Svyatogor, a giant of Slavic myth, serves as per-
haps a very sad (but perhaps apt) analogy for the
modern Silver Fang tribe —once a great giant warrior,
now tired, old, and fading away. Regardless of the
validity of the metaphor (which many Silver Fangs
would no doubt like to contest), this helmet hearkens
back to his glory days, and many Silver Fangs find
comfort in its presence», When wearing it, they too
sweep away the clouds when. as they pass, at least
metaphorically),Lights flicker as they énter rooms,
gusts of wind burst through windows in the dead calm,
and all who feel its presence are filled with a sense of
its powerful might and, should they be the enemy of
the Fangs, of dread.

In effect, once activated this fetish creates a De-
lirium like effect even in other Garou or supernatural
creatures. The fetish rolls its own Gnosis (difficulty 7),
and anyone within sight of the helm must roll Will-
power (difficulty 8 for those the Silver Fang considers
enemies, difficulty 6 for those she considers allies).
Should the defender roll fewer successes than the
fetish, they suffer from the effects Delirium. Start at 10
("No reaction") and move down the chart one for each
success the fetish scores above the defender. Naturally,
the helm is capable of changing shape to fit a changing
Garou head.

This fetish is sometimes bound with a Silver Fang
ancestor-spirit, or more commonly with the spirit of a
great Wyld beast, defeated in single combat by the fetish
maker. Helms of Svyatogor are considerably rare.

Soltber Bay

Level Five, Gnosis 7
There is an old Russian tale about a soldier who
was given a sack that could and did capture anything.

94 Hammer and Kflaive

J aia iy //,

With a single harsh command, any creature, no matter
how foul would find itself helpless against the urge to
rush within. It is possible the "soldier" was one of
Gaia's warriors; or perhaps one of them heard the story
and was inspired to make a bag like his for himself. If
the latter tale is true, then the werewolf who chose to
follow in the soldier's footsteps should have listened to
the whole story. In his arrogance the soldier made
Death fear and refuse to take him, Hell reject him, and
Heaven never forgive him. No Garou yet has so far
damned himself to wander the Earth eternally, but
then none yet have tried to capture Death itself. The
first to try (and surely some poor fool soul is saving a
Soldier's Bag for the day they meet) will be very
unready for a highly painfuleternity of not dying in the
vengeful grasp of the Wyrm's talons.

A Garou who holds a Soldier's Bag can activate
it with a yelled command to anything that he can see,
and very few will be capable of resisting the pull
within that ensues. Other shapeshifters may defy the
bag (with a successful Gnosis roll, difficulty 7), b
being both spirit and flesh, as may fomori, Drones,
and gorgons; creatures without Gnosis must roll Will-
power, difficulty 9. Spirits roll Gnosis, but at diffi-
culty 9.

The most common use of the bag is to capture a
spirit to forcéa single favor outof it. This can take the
form of one of the spirit's Charms, or it can amount to
aquest performed on behalf of the character. But those
who extort favors in this fashion should be very careful
indeed. To coerce a spirit into aiding him, the Garou
must roll Charisma + Intimidation. The difficulty is
only 4, since the Bag grants the Garou a considerable
amount of leverage.

But if the roll fails, or, even worse, botches, then
the Garou must choose between never again opening
the bag, or opening the bag and facing the wrath of
the spirit trapped within. Storytellers should feel free
to come up with imaginative ways for this to happen,
and should also not feel afraid to have spirits who are
forced to perform tasks also try to find ways to gain
revenge at some point down the road. In effect, any
player taking this fetish is giving you a free license to
introduce new antagonists whenever he uses it, so
take the opportunity.

The Soldier's Bag is bound with the spirit of any
predatory animal. Wolves are particularly favored.

Ufeva

Uktena and Wendigo fetishes enjoy popularity
among both tribes in most cases. They are arranged by
the tribe among in which they find the greatest popu-
larity, but both tribes have been known to share their


fetishes with the other (though clearly these represent
only those secrets the Uktena are willing to share).

Bane Wafer by

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The Gauntlet is, in a way, a mixed blessing.
Granted, you can't attack Banes unless you're capable
of crossing the Gauntlet, but neither can they attack
you unless they're capable of materializing. The trick is
in properly judging when it's safe to step sideways and
when you're better off remaining in the material world.
The Bane Water Bag is designed to_aid.in these
decisions.

Bane Water Bags are creatéd from any slightly
porous fabric, with long drawstrings at the top, and are
bound with a Bane. Once filled with water (often
scented with various plants), the Bag is activated and
swung gently around the body holding the drawstrings
in much the same manner as a censer. As the water
drips and falls from the bag to the ground; the ground

ripples in the same way as drops Of water cause ripples
in a lake. Shouldsthére be a Bane in the areajon the

other'sidé of the Gauntlet, then the ground will ripple ©

all the way between the fetish user and the Bane, and
the ground will crash in a wave as it reaches the target.
This doesn't reveal the Banes, nor does it offer any
information about the Banes other than their loca-
tions and a rough approximate of how many there are.

The Bane Water Bag has a range of twenty yards.
Sptrit Aner

Level Four, Gnosis 6

One of the more unusually crafted weapons among
the Garou, this carved battleaxe or bladed war-club is
a favorite among some Uktena. The blade is carved
into three separate edges, and the axe is then/bound
with the spirit of any predatory animal.

When used against most enemies, the axe func-
tions normally. However, when attacking an enemy
possessed by a spirit or ghost, the axe attacks the spirit
directly, passing completely through the host and not
injuring them in the slightest.

This weapon can even cure fomori by destroying
the Banes inside of them, however, the longer the
victim has been a fomor the more difficult this is. For
every month the victim has been a fomor, he takes one
unsoakable health level of damage from any attack
made with the Spirit Axe, up toa maximum of the total
damage rolled. As the Bane firmly entwines itself into
the host's soul over time, the less the Spirit Axe is
capable of distinguishing between the two. Fomori
who have been cursed for over a year are probably
impossible to save using a Spirit Axe, since the host
dies before the Bane does.

Spee mse mv emrweseren reeves Nes ee

By contrast, a Spirit Axe cannot exorcise the
spirit possessing a Drone. Unlike the relatively clumsy
combination of spirit and mortal that is a Fomor, a
Drone is a highly efficient reworking of the mortal at
the hands of the spirit. From the moment they are
joined, they are one and the Spirit Axe cannot target
the spirit directly.

Jee Arrow (Jalen)
Gnosis 4

The Ice Arrow is one of the most infamous weap-
ons among the:Pure Ones. Both the Uktena and the
Wendigo lay claim to inventing it, both with some
merit, but the matter is irrelevant— today both use the
weapon freely. And as talens go, the Ice Arrow is a
marvel of simplicity.

In essence, the Ice*Arrow is simply a chunk of ice
carved into the shape of an arrow and bound with an
ice spirit. Since the kinship between the object and the
spiritis so.tight, doing so is stunningly easy, the Rite of
the Fetish necessary,to create does little more than
awaken the spirit within the ice to begin with: And the
talen itself has a power that most would consider
trifling: An Ice Arrow, once activated, never melts as
long as it is held within a foot of the person who
activated it.

However, as an assassin's weapon, the Ice Arrow
is stunningly effective. The hardened ice is as sharp
as any,steel Or stone and, released from the magic
that held it together, melts within seconds of find-
ing its mark. No fingerprints can be found, the
murder weapon itself is confoundedly difficult to
diagnose and, in short, it confuses the living hell out
of human investigators.

Ntatze Patio G Jalen)

Gnosis 8

According to Mayan legend, after Hurakan flooded
the world he created four men from white and yellow
maize paste. The Uktena can't quite rival this feat, but
creating smaller animals is very much within their
power using their own version of Maize Paste. Made
from crushed corn mixed with flour and water and
bound with a Wyld-spirit or jaguar-spirit, each dose of
Maize Paste represents a small amount of this sub-
stance that can be fashioned into the shape of small
creature which, when activated, comes alive.

With one activated portion, a creature with two
health levels can be constructed. Portions can also be
mixed together and activated at once to create larger
creatures, each portion allowing for two health levels.
The Werewolf Storytellers Companion has statistics
for various animals, which can be used as a guide for
these creations. Animals created with Maize Paste

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 95

EEE a


appear entirely natural rather than as creations of a
thick goop; once activated the animals possess fur,
scales or feathers, natural-looking eyes and all the
usual traits associated with living beasts. The animals
remain active for the duration of the scene or until
destroyed, at which point they dissolve into a fine
powder of dried corn meal that is quickly blown away.
Nenkge
Eid Srone

Level Two, Gnosis 6

According to Wendigo legend, one great battle
during the war with the Wyrmcomers was decided
with the aid this stone. Outnumbered three to one, the
Wendigo situated themselves in the middle of a dry
riverbed, and waited for the enemy to attack..\When
the enemy charged, a Ragabash in the Wendigo pack
hurled the Bird Stone into the midst of one pack, and
the attackers were suddenly plagued by a flock of owls,
hawks, buzzards and other birds. The other packs,
surprised by the assault, found themselves split be-
tween attacking the Wendigo and aiding their allies.
With their foessthus distracted, the Wendigo sur-
rounded the three packs and slaughtered them with
arrows, throwing axes, and finally tooth and claw.

The Bird Stone is a polished flat pebble marked
with two glyphs, one on each side. The first/signals
"Prey," and thesecond "Predator." Into this stone is
bound the spirit of a prey animal; mice, rats and
possums are favored choices. When activated, the
stone becomes an unmistakable beacon to any birds in
the area (not just birds of prey), which flock around the
area. Yet the birds will not attack whoever activated
the fetish, which tells the birds that the owner is a
predator rather than prey. Those in combat with the
owner, however, have no such protection, and suffer -
4 to all rolls while in the fetish owner's immediate
presence.

Turtle Necklace

Level Four, Gnosis 8

All but gone. The turtle necklace was a rarity in
the days of the Wild West, and you can count the
remaining Turtle Necklaces left in the world on your
fingers, without using your thumbs. Each one, though,
remains highly useful. The Turtle Necklace is made
froma series of wooden discs, each painted to resemble
a turtle shell. When worn and activated, the necklace
provides an extra soak die against all attacks for one
scene, even against silver.

This fetish perhaps exemplifies better than any
other how a fetish isn't simply a matter of fusing a
random spirit with any vessel. The basic principle of

96 Hammer and Kflaive

iin aa ——cecinmeiemmnaes

a Turtle Necklace is well known; it's a necklace
bound with a turtle-spirit. And yet, no one has been
able to create one since the Croatan vanished. Those
that still remain are the very rare few gifts left by the
Croatan to the Uktena and Wendigo before they
were destroyed. And when they died, they took
whatever secrets it was that allowed a Turtle Neck-
lace to be created with them.

T Punder Siok

Level Five, Gnosis 7

The Wendigo are the keepers of the Bones of the
Wyld, and no fetish better embodies this than the
Thunder Stick, a weapon that surprised and con-
founded the Wyrmcomers perhaps more than any
other when they first came into conflict with the
Wendigo. A long decorated walking stick, the Thun-
der Stick is marked twenty-four times with the glyph
meaning "Storm." It is then bound with a very rare
spirit found only in the eye of a tornado, a spirit of no
name and pure Wyld. Only the most experienced
Wendigo know how to find.one:

When activated, the Thunder Stick summons an
evefincreasing storm or other natural disaster. The
fetish can only be activated by spending one point of
Gnosis; a Gnosis roll won't do. At activation, the user
stands perfectly still and then rolls Gnosis (difficulty 9)
in addition to spending the Gnosis to activate it; she
must roll Gnosis again every ten minutes. Every suc-
cess achieved on these rolls builds the level of natural
disaster higher and higher. The player can keep mak-
ing these rolls until the Wendigo is forced to move.

At one success, a downpour begins to fall. Two
successes bring a thunderstorm with sheet lightning.
With three successes, the thunderstorm becomes a
small flood and with four successes the flood is devas-
tating. Finally, at five successes the wind has become
a hurricane, the flood sweeps everything off its feet,
and the lightning strikes nearby objects about every
three minutes.

After this, the storm gets no worse, but further
successes may call up other environmental conditions
such as earthquakes or volcanic eruptions, depending
on the local environment. The Storyteller had best
adjudicate such impressive disasters.

NVedtotwe Fag

Level and Gnosis variable

One of the most common fetishes among the
Uktenaand Wendigo are medicine bags. A very simple
fetish, medicine bags are small leather or cloth pouches
filled with specially treated crushed plants. Neither
the bag nor the plants are in themselves the fetish, but
rather both of them together hold the spirit. Should


Vhey, Where Are phe Stargazer Fopithat?

We've not forgotten about the tribe recently
of the Garou Nation. Even while among the
thirteen tribes, the Stargazers had a profoundly
anti-fetish attitude (reflected in their Background
restrictions, as you may recall). This attitude
stemmed from a general disdain for materialism,
driven by Gnosis to what humans would consider
quite extreme levels. The profound attachment
to life that Gnosis created caused the tribe to
abandon as many tools as possible, which didn't
resonate with the pulse of life. Unlike other
tribes, there was little within the culture of the
tribe itself to find resolution on'this issue. (While
Asian cultures make profound use of various
ingenious tools and artwork, this gap is an excel-
lent example of.the way that Gafou*tribes. are
influenced by human culture but do not mirror
its) Fetishes were, in fact, a clearly undesirable
form of tool in this regard — formerly living
things bound into dead tools.

Now among the Beast Courts, there is even
less need for a tribal fetish culture within the
Stargazers. The emphasis on the, Hakken and
Zhong Lungas the fetish-makers of the hengeyokai
absolved them of any responsibility or pressure to
create fetishes and most of the tribe happily ac-
cepted the situation.

This is not universal, of course, and a small
number of Stargazers do indeed develop fetishes of
their own and frequently make use of weapons,
Asian divining tools such as | Ching coins, and
Buddhist artwork. These tend to be among those
who remain with the Garou Nation rather than
those who joined the Beast Courts. As such they
are a minority of a minority within a minority, and
as such are not discussed here beyond this sidebar.

the bag be ruptured, the fetish is destroyed. Most
medicine bags are worn around the neck.

Medicine bags are used for a wide variety of pur-
poses. A medicine bag containing peyote and bound
with a water-spirit or Glade Child can be used to
induce a sense of calm in the wearer (increasing the
difficulty of all Rage rolls by 3; Level 1, Gnosis 5).
Stuffed with woundwort and bound with a spider-
spirit, it halves healing time (Level 4, Gnosis 8), while
one filled with crushed water reeds and a Lune causes
the wearer to be conveniently ignored (reducing the
difficulty of all Stealth rolls by 2— Level 3, Gnosis 6).
Finally, a medicine bag filled with corn and bound

ee

with a crow-spirit reduces the difficulty for all Physical

rolls except attack rolls by 2 (Level 4, Gnosis 6).

In most cases, medicine bags' effects last for one

scene.

Lack Spr Dancer Foththat
Jada Shak

Level Four, Gnosis 6

The dreaded Sadism Stick is discussed in the
Setting chapter, page 34. The fetish must be crafted
from hardwood, left rough and unpolished although it
is often carved with glyphs to make it more attractive
to Banes. A spirit of pain is bound into it. Characters
who have been affected by the fetish must roll Will-
power (difficulty 5 + their own Primal-Urge) to resist
the urge to violently inflict pain on whoever is nearest
to them. Each success resists the urge for ten minutes.

Kink More Lent!

Be careful with arming your enemies. Remem-
ber to keep the mystique of fetishes alive — the
Black Spiral Dancers have just as much trouble
making fetishes as Gaia's tribes. When your play-
ers run up against an opposing pack of Black
Spirals, don't give every last one a klaive. It just
doesn't make sense.

What's worse, players have this funny way of
taking weapons from the dead bodies of foes. Be
aware that players will bug you forever afterward to
let them find a way to cleanse the Black Spiral
klaives so that they can use the weapons them-
selves. Unless this sounds like your idea of a good
time, be careful not to give your players the chance.
(Elders may not approve of the idea of bringing
such tainted objects into a sept, either. Something
about "Ye Shall Take No Action that Causes a
Caern to Be Violated.")

If your players are adamant about using the
spoils gleaned from fallen Black Spiral Dancers
and equally adamant about cleansing the fetishes
so that they suffer no inconvenience, place the
burden of effort on them. Have them describe
what they want to do, detailing exactly how they
intend to replace or cleanse the spirit within so
that it's faithful to a Gaian bearer. If their plans
sound reasonable, you can build a story around the
possibility, making them work for their rewards
and rewarding them for being more proactive.

Everyone wins.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

peal cue iam.

97


Each point of Willpower spent allows the victim to
resist the urge for an hour.

Nod Spare Delf

Level Five, Gnosis 8

This vicious fetish takes the form of short, thin
drill made of bone, glass or metal withallarge solid glass
handle. The glass must be perfectly crafted, with no
imperfections or bubbles of any sort. The Black Spiral
then binds a spider-spirit in its own web and forces it
into the fetish, where it becomes pure stasis. The fetish
is activated just before being plunged through the skull
and into the brain of the vietim, wherein it drains the
state of consciousness from them)and'renders it cap-
tured in that moment forever) entombed within the
glass handle» What makes this such a feared prospect
is that the victim is uSually*tortured in the most
emotionally and physically painful ways possible at the
moment of the draining, and is doomed to remain in
that moment for eternity. The fetish remains activated
for an hour, during which time the victim must be slain
if his consciousness is to be captured.

There is no way to resist the glass hell of this fetish
but to die before it is used. However, if the glass handle
is broken, the victim's spirit will be released, and if the
fetish is activated again, it will release its previous
victim to make way for the new one. The Black Spiral
Dancers rarely use a mind snare drill twice.

Mind snare drills rarely are made with taboos,
because of the unusual way in which they are created.
However, because the drill must be created by force,
there is always the prospect of the fetish being cursed.
And should the spider spirit not be rendered static, it
may attempt to gain revenge. Some have been known
to whisper thoughts to those who touch the fetish,
suggesting targets for its use.

Spnal Vinat (Talon)

Gnosis 8

Appearances can be so deceptive. The spinal vine
appears to be nothing but a simple grape seed. Bound
into it isa Bane of disease that, like cancer, exists to do
nothing but grow and destroy what it touches. The
fetish is activated by slicing open the victim's back and
placing it directly upon the spinal column before
activating it. It then plants itself in the victim's spine
and begins to grow into a vine along his spinal cord,
distorting and bending it, creating incredible pain for
the victim. Though horribly painful, the vine is short-
lived. It does eight levels of lethal damage, but after
this immediately withers and if the victim lives, is
expelled from the body in time, like other foreign
material. If the victim dies, the vine stays lodged in

98 Hammer and Kflaive

[ee a ini

their spinal cord. These vines often produce seeds of
their own during their short lifespan, and the Dancers
are very fond of working seeds taken from a successful
kill into more spinal vines.

Kin Datbat
fp

Some Kin fetishes work on Willpower, not Gnosis;
thus, Kinfolk without Gnosis could use a horn of
distress, but not a klaive hammer. Even if a Kin fetish
can be activated with a Willpower roll, only living Kin
can use it; those without Kin blood in their bodies, or

the undead, lack the already tenuous connection to
the spirit within necessary for activation.
Fhoru of Dittrent

Level One, Gnosis 3

These horns are meant to be sounded only in
times of dire need. They vary in appearance accord-
ing to culture, and often bear the marks of the maker's
tribe. When successfully activated, a horn of distress
alerts all werewolves, regardless of tribe, within a 10-
mile radius. They may choose to answer the call or
not, but they know that the horn means "Kin in
trouble." These horns usually contain peacock, goose
or air-spirits.

The horn of distress is one of the Kin fetishes that,
as described in Chapter Two, is harder to create; it is
meant to be activated with a Willpower roll, not a
Gnosis roll. This requirement takes extra effort on the
spirit's part, and therefore requires more effort on the
fetish crafter's part.

Anfet of Kinship

Level Two, Gnosis 5

Unlike other Kin fetishes, this is not activated by
the Kinfolk in question, but by the werewolf that gives
the amulet to her. Fhe Garowmust make a Gnosis roll
as usual: when placing the amulet around the Kin's
neck; after that, no further roll is necessary. The
amulet doesn't function if worn by anyone otherthan
its intended recipient.

Any werewolf who meets the Kin wearing this
amulet will instantly know her to be not just Kinfolk,
but Kin of note. The amulet conveys no immediate
obligation to help.the*wearer, but most Garou know
that the wearer has at least earned fair treatment.
Regrettably, Black Spiral Dancers also recognize the
wearer as Kinfolk, with potentially dire results.

An Amulet of Kinship can be crafted of any
materials, but usually bears the glyph of the affiliated
tribe. An ancestor-spirit or spirit associated with Honor
empowers the fetish.


Katee Parorwer

Level 3, Gnosis 5

While only a Garou can perform the rites neces-
sary to create a klaive, some skilled Kinfolk smiths are
trained to forge the actual weapon intended to be the
spirit's vessel. A klaive hammer is a fetish designed to
help the Kin create a weapon so perfect of form that it
will please the spirit or spirits asked to empower it. A
klaive hammer requires a smith with Gnosis to use it
properly, as the smith must spend a point of Gnosis
when using the hammer to craft a klaive. This expen-
diture is part of the process that hardens the silver of a
klaive to be as strong as steel, allowing the klaive to be
used in battle more reliably than an ordinary silver
weapon could manage.

A klaive hammer must be empowered with a spirit
of Balance, Light or Fire. Each one is attuned its
specific owner, and can only be used by a new owner if
freely given.

Zora Feith
Aveba
Fike Chl

Level Two, Gnosis 6

This peculiar fetish was originally designed as a
quick way to bring a kill back to the cubs of an Ajaba
clan, but has since been drafted into the double duty of
body disposal. In its ordinary form, the False Gullet
looks much like a largish waterskin with the usual
drinking spout at one end, and the other end secured
by drawstrings. It is invested with a hyena-spirit.

To use the False Gullet, the Ajaba activates the
fetish while opening the drawstring end. Successful
activation causes the fetish to grow to the size of a large
body bag, with the opening wide enough to stuff the
carcass of an ox or wildebeest inside. Up to four
human-sized bodies can fit into the bag in this form,
whereupon the Ajaba can close the drawstring and
reduce the bag to its waterskin size again. Once the
False Gullet has shrunk with one or more bodies inside,
it begins to actually break them down, reducing them
to liquid form. This takes about a minute per human-
sized body, or four minutes for a body the size of an ox;
the fetish gurgles now and again during the process, so
it's not advisable to wear the skin around curious folk
during that time.

This "liquid meat" is actually a highly nutritious
drink — all toxins or diseases carried by the bodies are
removed, and the fluid doesn't spoil as long as it stays
in the skin — and it makes decent fertilizer to boot.
Anything non-organic on the bodies simply vanishes

EEE

a

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

during liquefaction, unless it is a fetish or other super-
natural object, which remains in the bag until re-
moved from the drawstring end. The fetish cannot be
activated again until it's been emptied of fluid; some
Ajaba prefer to drink the stuff or feed it to their cubs,
while others simply flush it down a toilet to be rid of it.

Careay Fibde

Level Three, Gnosis 6

Just as hyenas are effective hunters who aren't
afraid to scavenge as well, the Ajaba don't mind
balancing their fighting skill with cunning. The Car-
cass Hide isa fetish that works with the Ajaba's natural
talent for death-magic, giving them an extra option for
stealth. This fetish is crafted from a cloak or over-
garment made from the hide of a prey animal (zebras
and wildebeest being common choices), and imbued
with the spirit of a scavenger animal. The wearer
activates the hide as she falls to the ground, covering
herself with it; the hide then disguises the Ajaba to
appear as the carcass of her choice.

The illusory carcass can appear to be of any size
large enough to hold the Ajaba's body, and may be of
any animal or even human form, even to the point of
mimicking specific human features. The Ajaba may
choose to make the carcass appear fresh or highly
decomposed. The illusion bears up to sight, smell and
even touch (it attracts flies in appropriate conditions,
no less); supernatural senses must make a contested
roll against the fetish's Gnosis to pierce the deception.
Some Ajaba use this fetish to "play dead" in combat
with an opposed Wits + Subterfuge roll, drawing their
foes nearer before revealing that their death was an
illusion.

LontlayerAuegal

Level Three, Gnosis 7

Crafted during the height of the Ajaba/Simba war,
these broad-bladed spears are potent weapons in most
situations, but absolutely lethal against Simba. A
Lionslayer Assegai does Strength +2 aggravated dam-
age, and can be thrown as a spear. If the bearer strikes
a Simba and activates the spear, however, the weapon
digs into the wound much as a fang dagger would,
doubling its damage dice. The recent tenuous peace
between the two groups and the establishment of the
Ahadi, however, has made the Lionslayers an unwel-
come relic of an ugly time, and few Ajaba carry them
in public any more. Still, most of the Lionslayer Assegai
have not been destroyed, but rather hidden away as
insurance against another Simba attack — or, in some
cases, as preparation for the owner to exact a final,
secret bit of revenge.

99

ie

|

eereat earn onr aien anareniin are. aren a Fomor

Aanat
Lukiiptlhko

Level Four, Gnosis 7

Luk'aathihko is an untranslatable word within the
language of the Skein-Spiders (Ananasi aligned with
the Weaver), who created this fetish and many others
like it. Outwardly, it appears as two objects. The first
of these is a long metal cylinder, exactly 15 inches long
and with a diameter of 2 inches. It is perfectly circular.
At the top of this cylinder is a thin hole 1" long and less
than a fifth of an inch wide at the surface, tapering
away to a point at the end. This accommodates the
other object, a thin needle. At the base of the cylinder
are three small holes, each exactly a third ofan inch in
diameter. Internally, the cylinder is,filled with a curi-
ous system of pumps and tubes filled with three differ-
ent liquids. The first of these liquids is red, the'second
blue, and the third green.

To activate the fetish, the Ananasi must first prick
the intended victim with ‘the needle, drawing blood.
The needle is then inserted into the top of the cylinder,
activating the fetish. By then placing two fingers upon
two of the holes at the base of the cylinder, the spider
can drain one of the liquids from the fetish. (This
liquid is mysteriously replaced within exactly twenty-
four hours, to the second.) As the liquid drains, bodily
fluids such as saliva or blood immediately drain from
the victim from the nose, ears and mouth.' As these
fluids drain from the body, so does Rage, Gnosis or
Willpower; one point is lost for each success gained on
the activation roll.

This fetish may only be used once per 24 hours and
is bound with a limestone-spirit.

Food Wik

Level Five, Gnosis 8

This massive fetish web is primarily the creation of
the Kumoti, the Wyld-aligned Ananasi. Bound with
either a rabbit ora vine-spirit, the Flood Web does one
thing very well — it grows. The web sprouts new
strands at a frightening rate, shooting out toward the
nearest object to hold onto. In the open, this is of little
use. Objects like trees make the web grow erratically,
creating holes and spaces in the web. But against foes
dwelling in caverns or tunnels, it is a weapon of
massive power. The web finds objects in all directions
to cling to and quickly fills such tunnels almost com-
pletely, leaving no room to move and often no room
even to breathe.

Once activated, the fetish rolls its own Gnosis
against difficulty 7. Each success means that the web
grows uncontrollably for one minute. A single success

100

Hammer and Klaive

—___,_,_- enim

fills an enclosed area the size of an average suburban
home. Three successes fill a small shopping mall. Five
successes could easily fill a very large part of a subway
system.

Those engulfed in the rapidly growing web must
make a Wits + Athletics roll (difficulty 9) or be
instantly crushed and suffer 8 health levels (not dice),
of aggravated damage. Most humans are slaughtered
instantly, though some supernaturals could plausibly
survive. Digging through the web is an extended
Strength + Athletics roll at difficulty 8; every five
successes dig away the equivalent of one minute's
growth. However, if the characters only intend to dig
their way from one place to another, it might take less
work. Once the web has expanded to its full size, it can
be cut or burned away; each strand has the consistency
of sticky rope, and is\quite flammable.

Themost difficult part of this fetish is creating the
web itself. Since it needs to be spun in the place of
attack, it isan inconvenient process. Spinning the web
itself takes a full twenty-four hours and cannot be
hurried along by multiple spiders spinning; the intri-
cate designs require that only a single Ananasi perform
this ritual. As such, foes expecting such tactics can
bombard those trying to create the web with constant
attacks.

Paydheirope Tila)

Gnosis 7

A strange talen most often employed by the Hatar,
the Ananasi who side\with the Wyrm, the Glass
Walkers coined the Psychotrope's common title —
the spiders use a word of their own language to describe
this foul device. A large steel spike attached to a
bladder full of liquid, the Psychotrope is imbued with
a Bane of fear. The spike is bound with the spirit and
then crafted into a trap that allows the spike to jab out
and stab its victim. (It is occasionally employed as a
weapon, but most commonly is worked into traps.)

When this occurs, the victim's body and senses are
warped and altered by the Bane-powered drugs, caus-
ing him to hallucinate and subjecting him to physical
phenomena such as sudden sweats, cramps and pains.
The overall effect is harrowing. The talen rolls its
Gnosis against a difficulty of the victim's Perception +
Enigmas (difficulty 6). Every success removes one
point of Willpower from the victim. Once reduced to
zero Willpower, the victim falls prey to the hallucina-
tions spawned by the talen and the Storyteller should
feel quite free to describe scenes in warped and incor-
rect ways. Willpower lost to this device is regained
normally. Once one point of Willpower is regained,
the hallucinations do not end, but can be seen through


and distinguished from reality. Afterall Willpower lost
is regained, the hallucinations end.

Once activated, this talen stays activated until it
is used.

Eatof
Bone Spear

Level Two, Gnosis 6

Despite the name, the Bone Spear is not made
from bone. Instead, that is where the fetish is kept
when not in use — within the Bastet's own bone. The
Bone Spear is made from a wooden shaft and a stone
head. The head must be tied to the shaft with one of
the Bastet's own tendons, pulled from their body. (The
tendon can regenerate as usual, but the process of
creating the fetish is still plenty painful:)

The spear attacks as normalfor such a weapon
(Werewolf, pg. 210), but when activated automati-
cally vanishes and is stored within the Bastet's body. It
stays activated within the body until retrieved by
reaching into their own body and pulling it out. More
impressively, the Bone Spear can be activated without
being touched, just so long as it is in line of sight. As
such, it is possible to kill someone with this weapon at
long distance, and then immediately summon the
weapon back into the wielder's person. It is a superb
tool for espionage.

The Bone Spear is bound witha cicada or butter-
fly-spirit.

Shadow Shfedld

Level Four, Gnosis 7

The classic African shield is meant to be noticed,
Painted with stunning designs and frightening expres-
sions, the shield is designed to scare and break an
enemy before combat even begins. But such a purpose
isn't terribly useful for a fighter who doesn't intend to
be seen. Asa result, the Bastet developed the Shadow
Shield.

The Shadow Shield is bound with a chameleon or
shadow-spirit, and the shield itself must be painted
three times. The first coat must be plain black, over the
entire shield. The second must be pure white. (Often,
this is difficult to paint over a black coat and thus two
layers of white paint are employed. This doesn't inter-
fere with the creation of the fetish.) The final coat
features a traditional design.

When activated, the fetish immediately takes on
the exact appearance of its surroundings. Commonly
the Bastet hides behind it with her back to a wall or
other barrier. Spotting a Bastet using this fetish used in
this manner requires a successful Perception + Alert-

ness roll (difficulty 8).

ee.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

The fetish can also be employed as a standard
shield. When used in combat, it increases the difficulty
of anattacker's Brawl and Melee rolls by 1. It also raises
the difficulty of ranged attacks employing arrows,
rocks or similar missiles by 1, but is not strong enough
to stop bullets.

Hakarr

Level Five, Gnosis 7

In the eyes of the Garou, the hakarr is the classic
weapon of the Bastet. A form of hunga-munga (i.e., an
African throwing iron), it is composed of a long
handle, designed to be held by the massive Crinos
claw, attached toacentral shaft made of metal. A series
of curving blades extends out on opposite sides of this
shaft. The entire shaft and blades are as flat as possible,
meant for throwing more than hand to hand combat,
although the hakarr is often used for both purposes.

However, among the Bastet the weapon is not
nearly as common nor as respected as the Garou
believe. What has occurred is a case of cultural
projection — the Garou, as a warrior culture, have
assumed that the largest, most warlike tool of another
culture isits dominant weapon. In fact, many Bastet
disdain the hakarr because it is large, blatant and
anything but subtle.

Nonetheless, the hakarr is an integral part of the
Bastet fetish culture. The signature silver weapon of
the Bastet, the Hakarr is a relic of the War of Rage,
designed to fight other shapeshifters — specifically,
the Garou. As Bastet are also vulnerable to silver, it
fills much the same role that the klaive fills in Garou
culture. It is the chosen weapon for dueling, especially
to the death. It is also a symbol of the Bastet's enmity
toward the Garou; many Bastet wear a tiny represen-
tation of a hakarr around their neck to remind them of
the War of Rage.

The hakarr is bound with a spirit of Rage or War
and can be thought of as their version of the grand
klaive. It does Strength +2 aggravated damage, and as
it is silver, Garou and most other Fera cannot soak this
damage. (Normal throwing irons do Strength +1 le-
thal damage.) Most are bound with a second spirit, of
either the wind or a bird; this spirit returns the fetish
to the Bastet's hand after it is thrown. Throwing a
hakarr requires a Dexterity + Athletics roll at difficulty
7, this difficulty may be affected by cover modifiers.

Corac
Coritd t Favor
Level One, Gnosis 5

Perhaps the simplest fetish among any of the
Changing Breeds, the Favor is made from one of the

101


Seer ree ree cree a ere coer rc a res mnrwrensnreneh)

Corax's own feathers, plucked from their body in
Corvid form and then worn in their hair while in
human form. It is bound with a bird-spirit (which need
not be a raven), and when activated allows the Corax
to employ Corvid-only Gifts in Homid form.

Wtwafe Shiny

Level One, Gnosis 6

As a general rule Corax fetishes tend to be dour
things, deliberately mucky and dark so as not to dis-
tract the most easily distracted of the Changing Breeds.
The Ultimate Shiny, however, is the exception to this.
It is a piece of tinfoil or cellophane, or some other
worthless but sparkly piece of nothingness, bound with
a sunlight-spirit. When activated, it shines insanely
brightly to Corax until' the,next sunset or dawn,
whichever comes first. Anyone other than Corax sees
no change in the object whatsoever, but Corax won't
be able to miss it from miles away.

The fetish has a wide variety of uses. Plantéd.on a
suspicious person, it makes a fine tracking beacon, It
can be used to signal other Corax for a Parliament, If

the owner has another Corax as a rival or enemy, it

makes an exceptional diversion, albeit a double-edged
one that is no safer for its user.

Counferfett

Level Two, Gnosis 6

Indiana Jones had the right idea, way back when
with that bag of sand. You don't/take something
without replacing it with something else to, fool those
who want to keep it. Sadly, humans are much harder
to fool than a stone plinth, so you have one of two
options. First of all, you can go to extensive lengths to
research your pull and create an exact replica. Alterna-
tively, youcan wing it and employ the clever trick with
a Counterfeit fetish. Corax are renowned for their
acquisitive nature, not their forethought. Among the
wereravens, the latter option tends to get a great deal
more use.

The Counterfeit is a white clay tablet approxi-
mately three inches long and one inch wide, although
some vary these dimensions to greater or lesser degree.
One side is impressed with a depiction of a raven, and
the tablet is then bound with a metamorphosis spirit,
such as a caterpillar or butterfly-spirit. When acti-
vated, the Corax spends an additional point of Gnosis
and the Counterfeit immediately assumes the shape
and weight of any small object. Most often, one the
Corax has just stolen.

However, it only approximates the size and weight,
not the function, of the object. So someone fooled by
the Counterfeit and attempting to fire his gun will find
the trigger doesn't move, cell phones' buttons don't

102

Hammer and Klaive

gia teiemey /_

depress, and so forth. This can be good or bad. On one
side, clever opponents can work out that it's a fake
immediately and start searching for the real article. On
the other, many opponents then angrily throw the
counterfeit away, right where the Corax can take it
back and use it once again...

Seer of Vobet

Level Two, Gnosis 6
Forget flashlights. The Sliver of Hélios is much
more useful, an almost literal piece of the sun you can
carry around in your pocket. Giyén the wereravens'
close ties to Helios, this fetish wasa natural. Made from
a highly polished piece of metal (though more than a
few boastful Corax like to claim it is simply a piece of
the sun they flew up'and took), the Sliver is normally
wrapped up in rags or paper. (Again, most Corax claim
that this is toytop it shining up like a beacon all the
time, andmost know the real reason is to make it look
grubbief and less likely to distract or be stolen.)
\, When activated and uncovered, the Sliver lights
up a 10' radius area with pure sunlight. This is actual
sunlight, so vampires begin taking aggravated damage

‘immediately as normal. Apart from this effect, how-

ever, the Sliver is effectively a very bright flashlight. It
is not possible to dim the light, the Sliver of Helios is
either on at full power or not on at all. As might be
expected, it is bound with a sunlight spirit.

The Sliver cannot be employed as a dagger, de-
spite its appearance and construction. Any attempts to
use it as such will automatically shatter it, destroying
the fetish entirely.

Spence (Tale)

Gnosis 7

The name "Sneeze" is fairly recent for this quite
old talen, but the name has spread. It comes from a
Corax in Chicago who dubbed the talen a "Ditchu" or
"Ditch you." The name sounded like a sneeze, and now
everyone simply calls it a Sneeze. Despite the flippant
name, this isa seriously useful talen and that aforemen-
tioned Corax has a very well considered name for it —
it is designed with the express intent of ditching those
who would try and hurt the Corax.

Sneeze is not exactly made from glamorous stuff —
it's dirt. But this dirt is bound with a skunk spirit, and
after the Corax activates and blows it into his oppo-
nents' faces, the dust automatically causes blindness
and their eyes to sting furiously, rendering them help-
less for a single turn. It's not much, but it's enough to
give the Corax a crucial edge in the combat... or more
commonly the chance to fly like hell. A single dose can
blind up to three opponents.


Gordf
Life Dib

Level One, Gnosis 5

Despite the:troubles that the werebears as a whole
endure, they are not wholly bereft of fetish innovation.
Such innovation is isolated, individual)sand rarely
passed along to the breed as a whole — but sometimes
it catches on quickly. One example of this innovation
can be found in a fairly new fetish called the Life Dish.
Modern war places injured soldiers into one of three
different groups: those who will live eyen if not treated,
those who will probably die even if they are treated,
and those who will live if treated and die if not treated.
This last group.is the group that the Gurahl,concerns
themselves with most. One enterprising Gurahlcre-
ated the Life Dish in the interest of improving the
accuracy of these predictions.

The Life Dish, a shallow wooden bowl, works by
being placed upon the chest ‘of the injured and being
activated. If the injured person is going to die within
the next hour, the sunflower-spirit within the dish will
turn the water ice-cold. Should they be perfectly likely
to live, the water will be boiling hot. If the circum-
stances will determine life or death, the Water tem-
perature is somewhere in between.

Charm of Ove thao

Level Three, Gnosis 6

This fetish would have been highly useful many
years ago. A charm made from bark washed in rain-
drops, the charm is worn like a headband, dangling
down just between the eyes. When activated the fetish
flashes images in front of the Gurahl's eyes, letting
them know what the other Gurahl within a one-mile
distance are doing and seeing. It was useful for coordi-
nating efforts between many Gurahl in times of great
need.

And it would be useful today were there many
Gurahl left to use it. But as they are, the situations in
which this charm would prove beneficial are rare
indeed. The only time in which more than one Gurahl
are found together is when a cub is being protected,
and in those cases the elder won't let the cub out of her
sight. But many Gurahl still possess fetishes of this
nature, as something of a sign of hope. In a more
vibrant fetish culture, a fetish similarly outdated would
have been retired. But the Gurahl, scattered and
without the resources that help to encourage fetish
culture, simply can't afford to replace it.

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

\\ aE ED NY

Jame Rock (Talon)

Gnosis 5

Some fetishes retain their usefulness throughout
the ages. The Same Rock is a very old Gurahl trick
designed to throw off pursuit, confuse attackers, and
generally mix up enemies badly. It takes the shape of an
ordinary rock, bound with an air-spirit inside. To
activate the fetish, the Gurahl (hidden and from a
distance) points the rock at the group she intends to
confuse and then places it in their path. The rock
instantly grows and warps until it becomes exactly the
same as a distinctive boulder that they had previously
seen. It also draws attention to itself, so much so that
very few of the targets can see the other landmarks that
clearly indicate the different location. Asa result, the
victims often become puzzled, change directions, and
otherwise become utterly lost.

Those who are targeted by the Same Rock must
make an Intelligence + Survival roll (difficulty 8) to
avoid being taken in by the deception.

Kone
Encharttog Fan

Level Two, Gnosis 5

These fetishes were at the height of their popular-
ity in older times, when a lady's fan was a common
accessory for social functions. Even today Kitsune
occasionally make use of Enchanting Fans when the
setting is appropriate. These fans are made of paper,
intricately painted with detailed scenés of landscapes
or similar relaxing images, and bound with spirits of
willow trees or flowers. When, activated and bran-
dished duringapolité conversation (usually in demurely
flirtatious fashion), an Enchanting Fan adds one die to
all of the Kitsune's Social rolls. Although useless in
hostile situations, these fansare prized because they are
so subtle; any attempts to determine.that the fan is a
fetish or to detect the Supernatural gift of charm are at
+3edifficultymlt_is considered a minor coup among
Kitsune society to use an Enchanting Fan to-one's
benefit at a hengeyokai court gathering with nobody
but one's'fellow Kitsune noticing — dangerous, and
therefore commendable.

At-You-Wf- Site Fatkaf
Level Three, Gnosis 6

Chinese myth speaks of wondrous "as-you-will"
items that change their size and shape at the bearer's
command. The most famous of these is the as-you-will
cudgel of Monkey from Journey to the West, but the

103

|

Kitsune have adapted the principle to many tools f' "4 sufficiently stealthy Kitsune could place three
that are not weapons. One example is the : separate curse needles in a foe's back without
jacket (or kimono, or other loose- him ever noticing. Unless the victim actually

sleeved garment) with as-you-will f i sees the needle being thrown, launched or even
sleeves. These garments are al- spat (some Kitsune carry a curse needle under
ways of the highest quality, du- the tongue) at them, it takes a Perception + 4g
rable and elegantly embroidered, Medicine roll, difficulty 9, to notice a needle's
and bound with a monkey-spirit. impact. Curse needles cannot penetrate solid

By activating the fetish, the | body armor, but even the smallest gap (such as
Kitsune may stretch one or both between a Mokolé's scales) is enough for a
sleeves out toa distance of thirty } needle to take effect.
feet, and mentally command ' Nok0fé
them to twist and slap as if
they were the fox's own limbs. : ~ JSeelng Soomerang
The sleevescan wrap around ea l/ ( } Level Two, Gnosis 6
an opponent, strike as hard (} y : se The role of the Mokolé is
as a fist, or even be used to \ , ; to be the Memory of Gaia.
lift a Kitsune out of harm's a ff P=) But to remember some-
way. The sleeves are treated D \ Gee I "thing, first you need to see
as having a Strength rating // Ih it. The Seeing Boomerang helps
of 6. ; > \—_ out with that, especially when you're
Cyr1e Needy (Tien) K\ A) surrounded.

GrosisS Ay . s } Bound with an owl-spirit, the Seeing

These taneEwaLs Boomerang is deliberately built to be light
litle weapons takenvari- and steady flying. It's designed to return
eerefeme—ther may be easily, rather than as a hunting instru-
spielagrien lien aniaiicenie ment, and is painted with two large
needles, hairpins, even eyes on its underside. When acti-
a a vated and thrown, the boo-
occasional werefox. They ae } merang sends an image of
are generally thrown weap- a the ground below it di-
ons (Dexterity + Athletics ; . = into the — i
to hit, difficulty 7), although ( he rn" pied
a Kitsune can certainly place : / entoeeta ird's SVEN IEW
one by hand. When activated of the surrounding area.
and plunged into an opponent's To throw the Boomerang, roll
flesh, areurseneedledoesino'ae= Dexterity + Athletics, difficulty 6. Each
tual damage, but hampers the ner- success gives the Mokolé a bird's eye
vous activity of the victim until view for 10 feet around themselves in a
removed. As long as the needle re- wide circle.
mains in his flesh, the victim acts as
though his wound level were one greater Sous Level'Four; Gnosis
than it actually is; thus, a Bruised person * ‘ , . The Mokol. & remember
loses one die from all actions as if Hurt, BD araccheibe cheit job: Bucthers
and a person at Crippled is immobilized if wsiaren''é @noach of thei
struck by a curse needle. The effect is . have bear = aiheretii |
cumulative for each needle stuck wi

every time. Inevitably, there
are big gaps in the Memory
of Gaia in many different
places. However, the
Echo of Ages can help

fill in those gaps.

into the victim.

The true danger that curse
needles pose is that they don't
cause any pain or even sensa-
tion when they enter the flesh; a

104

The Echo of Ages is a golden bell, inscribed with
small runes carved around the edge. Into this bell is
bound the spirit of a turtle. Many different Mokolé
have experimented with the size and design of the bell
and have found that almost any configuration can
work — one unusually fashionzconscious urban Mokolé
wears hers as a tiny bell hung on a black choker. Most,
however; are considerably larger.

When activated and sounded, the bell echoes
back into the past of the area, recreating ghostly
images and sounds of events that occurred there in the
past. The louder the bell is sounded, the further back
the Echo recalls the past. Supposedly, one can stand in
London and ring the bell so loud that you can see what
the area looked like before the first vestiges of the city
were built.

When activated, the player must roll Strength +
Performance, with a difficulty determined by how
far back you want to see. Seeing into the last day is
difficulty 5. Going back less than a year is difficulty
6. Less thana decade is difficulty 7, while going back
a century is difficulty 8. Any more than that is
difficulty 9.

Five successes are required to exactly gauge how
loud the bell needs to be sounded to get a specific time.
If fewer successes are rolled the time is off by a fraction
of how far back in time the bell echoes. The Storyteller
should adjudicate this.

Jim Spear TTironer

Level Five, Gnosis 7

A spear thrower, also called an atlatl, is a fairly
simple but ingenious device. A curved piece of wood is
rested along the forearm, and properly flicked can hurl
a spear incredibly long distances with speed and accu-
racy. The only problem with this is the need for a
goodly number of spears to throw with it. The Sun
Spear Thrower carries the spears with it. Or rather, it
asks Helios to provide them.

Bound with a sun spirit, Once activated, the Sun
Spear Thrower produces a spear of pure sunlight.
These spears fly out to a range of up toa 100 yards and
do Strength +2 aggravated damage (with an extra two
dice of aggravated damage versus vampires should it be
possible to find one during the day). When the spear
hits (or misses), it vanishes in an explosion of light a
short time later.

This fetish cannot be used at night.

Negah

Level Four, Gnosis 7 (But special activation rules,
see below.)

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

—

Always make it look like an accident. No body, no
crime.And protect the Sacred Secret at all costs. The
less evidence left at a crime scene, the better, but some
pieces of evidence can't be picked up and carried away.
Besides which, itis‘always better if the evidence simply
doesn't exist, Hence, the Reflection of Reality, a fetish
mirror that can help accomplish just that.

The Reflection is always made by Kamsa Nagah,
for they arethe only ones who have a hope of convinc-
ing the air elementalsrequitéd by this fetish to agree.
Once this spirit is bound into the mirror, the Nagah
activates if by rolling Gnosis at a difficulty equal to the
local Gauntlet. She looks into the mirror, reflecting
the object she wants gone, and blows over the mirror,
fogging it. When the fog is wiped off, the reflection of
that object vanishes. So does the object.

The Reflection actually pulls the object out of the
physical world and thrusts it into the Umbra. As a
result, if the Nagah needs the object later, she can
retrieve it. (Though it may not always be there. In the
time it takes the Nagah to return to her Ananta and get
back, her enemies may already have gotten hold of it.)
It also means that three successes are required to
instantly make an object vanish, fewer successes slows
the process, just like stepping sideways. Finally, the
mirror does not work on living creatures, only inani-
mate objects.

Despite the limitations, it's.a favorite among the
Nagah. It works,to alter:crime scenes, it changes
investigations and with a bit of forewarning can even
save the Nagah if she's careless enough to get caught.
("Nope, no murder weapon on her, chief.")

Lhood Eade

Gnosis 8

Talens are often fairly easy to create. The Blood
Blade is a sharp exception. One'of the most powerful
weapons the Nagah possess,/it is bound with the
powerful spirit of one of the)Wani's closest servants.
The blade itself is an intricate design made of bone and
blood, carved with detailed designs. When buying this
talen, it counts as‘a Level Two fetish, and is the same
when making it..For some, the price is simply too high
to be wasted upon a talen. But to the Nagah, who
already feel that making a fetish is perhaps too high a
price to pay, the Blood Blade is perhaps perfect. It
doesn't permanently remove a potential future spirit
ally, it is powerful, and perfect for those who don't
want to be discovered.

When activated, the blade's effects last fora single
scene. The blade does Strength +2 aggravated damage,
and strikes at difficulty 5. Once the scene is ended and
all opponents are defeated, however, the blade dis-

05

mamny


Seren errors re area arom a rem mnarrensmnerensw)

solves into bone dust and a small splatter of blood, a
tangled garble of clues even to DNA testing. But to
most Nagah, this isn't a bug, it's a feature. The blade is
designed as an assassination weapon, allowing the user
to slip in, kill their target, and then dispose of the
weapon instantly.

Nowtha
Ntouthplece

Level OneyiGnosis 5

A classi¢ Nuwisha fetish that has seen plenty of
reinvention over the years, the Mouthpiece can be any
object that is associated with speech. The oldest of
these are, speaking sticks of the type associated with
certain Native American cultures, a few have been
made from old loudspeakers, and the most recent tend
to be wireless microphones. Once bound with a frog-
spirit and activated, the fetish allows the Nuwisha to
project /her voice from»any place)she can see. In
addition, the voice will be about three times louder
than/her normal voice.

The only catch with this fetishyis that the Nuwisha
does actually have to speak, so if shelis visible, herican
be seen'to be moving. Even if the coyote is hidden,
those hearing the projected voice can attempt an
Intelligence + Alertness (difficulty 9) roll "to find
where the real voice is coming from.

Dead Luff (Falev)

Gnosis 6

The Nuwisha's sense of humor is unquestionably
skewed toward "black." Dead Stuff is a cardinal ex-
ample of how the werecoyotes meld laughter with
strange, disturbing lessons. This talen is made from any
rotting material, preferably something that used to be
an animal rather than something that used to be a
plant, and bound with a minor spirit of death.

When activated, the talen stays dormant until
someone sniffs it. (Most Nuwisha carefully plant it to
ensure their intended victim is the one who has the
honor.) When this happens, the trap twists a few
circuits in the victim's brain (rolling its Gnosis, con-
tested by Willpower). If successful, the victim is sud-
denly convinced that she is quite dead. Admittedly,
she is still mobile, can still walk around, can still talk,
and in all physical respects seems to be herself. But she
is also quite certainly dead.

The experience is understandably unpleasant. All
rolls made while this effect continues are made at +2
difficulty. Many who suffer from this trick find them-
selves unwilling to venture into sunlight. The general
assumption is that the trick is designed to teach par-
ticularly bloodthirsty victims a lesson, and indeed

10

mona.

most who are affected have some time to reflect over
their lives and the worth of life. For the Nuwisha's part,
they remain silent as to their intentions.

The talen's effect lasts for three hours, after which
it ends at the first ray of sunlight the victim sees. The
victim feels an intense pain as it seems that the
sunlight burns her, but after this she feels alive once
more. The entire experience is generally remembered
as a strange hallucination or even an out-of-body
experience, and not always easily dismissed.

Ghat Charm é Jalen)

Gnosis 4

The Nuwisha who spend the most time in the
physical realms are those who are still very young, not
yet ready to undertake the Rite of Dansing. And since
Nuwisha have a reputation as "spirit coyotes," well,
sometimes you have to live up to expectations to do
your work well. For these moments, the Ghost Charm
talen works wonders.

It works simply enough. A small charm necklace
bound with a light-spirit, the talen activates to render
the wearer translucent. Not that areal Nuwisha Ghost
Danser would ever look like this, but that bothers few
Nuwisha. Generally the sort of people they deal with
couldn't identify a real Nuwisha if they had a field
guide. The Charm also helps with hiding and stealth,
reducing the difficulty of all Stealth rolls by 1.

Rifkip
Automafte ag:

Level Two, Gnosis 6

The Ratkin tend to be rather proud of their knowl-
edge of thétundergroundiworld. That said, they're still
fallible. They get lost, especially in unfamiliar terri-
tory. A map really comes in handy, but the places
Ratkin go don't tend to have maps. So they make their
own.

The,Automatic Map is a blank sheet of paper,
bound with an insect-spirit of any kind. When acti-
vated, thesmap begins to start drawing upon itself in
charcoal. It lays out the entire cavern or tunnel struc-
ture around the)Ratkin for a radius of one mile;
including any structural damage or blockages. How-
ever, it does not map anything animal or human inside
the caverns, so it can't be used to track where people
are. It's designed purely for the purposés of navigation.
Once activated, the effect is.instant, so if the Ratkin
moves out of the radius, he'll need to reactivate the
fetish. When the fetish is activated after the firsttime,
the charcoal on the pageblowsoff like dust first. Clever
Ratkin have employed this effectto blow¢harcoal into
an enemies face,which works about as well as you

Hammer and Kflaive

—


could expect for a last resort: sometimes very well,
sometimes miserably.

Some Ratkin have designed an aboveground ver-
sion of this fetish, employing a bird-spirit rather than
an insect-spirit, but this variation is considerably rarer.

Vioroo Blake

Level Four, Gnosis 6

The purpose of the Ratkin is to eliminate people,
in large numbers. They may have been forced to
abandon that role since then, but that doesn't mean
that a few remnants of their true purpose don't find
their way down through the ages. One of these is the
Voodoo Blade. Almost certainly called something else
originally, the effect of the blade is what has given it its
current name.

Bound with a snake-spirit, the voodoo blade is a
short sword split into two points at the tip, like a
snake's forked tongue. The Ratkin activates the blade
after he strikes an opponent in a battle in which mofé-
than one opponent is involved in the struggle. lfithe
activation works, then the blade cuts another oppo-
nent (whichever opponent is closest to the one just

struck, and the blade ¢anidistinguishiftiend and foe), in

exactly the same place. Both opponents suffenexactly
the same damage (Strength + 2, aggravated). Hitting
an opponent witha Voodoo Blade is difficulty 6.

Lott 0 Whatewer Bag

Level Five, Gnosis 7

It sure doesn't look like much. A burlap bag, tied
up with a bit of rope. But bound into this thing is a
female rat-spirit, and rats are expert at breeding damn
quickly. Anything put into this bag does exactly the
same thing — it begins multiplying at a quite stunning
rate. Every minute, the number of objects in the bag
doubles. Put a single pebble into the bag, and in ten
minutes you'd have over a thousand of them, except
that they probably wouldn't all fit. Once the bag is full,
the effect ends.

There's a whole host of uses for this, and the
Ratkin like them all. Even if the bag can't duplicate
any gems, precious metal or coinage more valuable
than a quarter, sticking a quarter in the sack is still
easier money than working fast food at O'Tolley's. As
an ammunition holder, it's really primo.

But the possibility that would scare the rest of the
Changing Breeds witless isn't any of these. The bag
holds stuff really well too, youcan pour water into it and
it won't leak. No air escapes from it.

And thus the truly frightening possibility is that
someday, one Ratkin is going to successfully make one
of these and find a terminally ill patient somewhere,

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit

i

dying of a hideous airborne disease. And they're going
to get them to cough into it. The fact that there are
plenty of Ratkin crazy enough to do this even makes
some folks glad they seem more intent on stealing
fetishes than making their own.

Rokea

Pack -hood

Level One, Gnosis 7

Few Rokea are pretty, at least not if they're sport-
ing Long Fins. Though a few Betweeners have mas-
tered some tricks to look decent over a very long period
of time, some don't have the patience and others just
haven't perfected it yet. Both can make tremendous
use of a Black Hood. Little more than a cloth pocket
(without even any eyeholes cut into it) bound with a
brown moth-spirit, the Black Hood looks unimpres-
sives

However, when worn over the head and activated,

"the Black Hood vanishes and immediately renders the

Rokea completely nondescript. Actually picking the
wearer out of a crowd requires a Wits + Alertness roll
(difficulty 8), and trying:to.remember what he looked
like lateris'all but impossible.

The mask doesn't actually change the character's
appearance, it.simply dulls,him to the scrutiny of
others, signifying him as unimportant. Nor does it
make'him invisible or stop others from paying atten-
tion to what he does — try to disable a security camera
in plain view and you're no longer unimportant. The
effects of the mask last until it's taken off, or until the
Rokea does something to make himself impossible to
overlook.

Libtrock

Level One, Gnosis 6

For the most part, sharks don't operate on sight.
Their sense of smell and ability to detect motion
accurately compensates for any weaknesses of vision,
so they are rarely bothered much by very dark environ-
ments. If you're working on the basis of "seek and
destroy," after all, you really don't need to see any
details — if it's dead, then it's dead. But sometimes a bit
more planning is needed. In these cases, being able to
see can be of great help, and the Lightrock assists.

The Lightrock is fairly self-explanatory: It's a large
rock bound with either a Lune (preferred by most), or
a sun-spirit (more effective, but distrusted). When
activated, the rock begins swimming after the Rokea,
following it and staying close by. It shines light over
the surrounding areas but with a motion can be sent
away from the Rokea herself, allowing her to hide in
shadows while still seeing ahead.

07

mama


(a

One downside is that Lightrocks are easily de-
stroyed, since they're obvious targets and not ever held
by the Rokea. Defending a Lightrock can be an impor-
tant priority in some battles. Once activated, they
remain lit for one full day and one full night.

RYyper Lage

Level Five, Gnosis 7

A singular and devastating weapon, there are very
few ripper blades in existence. They're simply far too
complex for most sharks to conceive of, let alone craft.
It is generally agreed the first ripper blade was created
by the rarest of the rare among the Rokea — A
Darkwater Betweener. Since then, it has beencopied
no more than half a dozen times, if that.

Though considerably complex by Rokea stan-
dards, the Ripper Blade is quite crude by the stan-
dards of the other Changing Breeds. Two fairly dull
stone blades are attached to a long wooden handle
in the middle. Into this rough contraption a spirit of
war is bound.

The spirit of war renders all construction problems
irrelevant. Once activated, the blade does Strength +4
aggravated damage, and is difficulty 8 to strike with.
But the most impressive aspect of the weapon is that it
can be employed in all forms, more or less. In Homid,
Glabrus and Gladius forms, the blade is held in two
hands and used as a large double-ended spear. In
Chasmus or Squamus forms, it can be held in the
mouth and charges with it, or quick turns of the head
do sufficient damage. In no situation is it particularly
graceful (hence the high difficulty to hit), but it's a
powerful weapon that's very versatile for the breed.

Generel Vlengeyokd Fifithat
Titobfede Spear

Level Three, Gnosis 7

The Twinblade Spear is a shuang tao quiang (A
type of double-ended spear) bound with a wind-spirit.
In the very center of the shaft of the spear (which must
be made of polished hardwood) is a bronze ring in-
scribed with a yin/yang emblem. When activated, the
spear suddenly splits into two short spears, the yin/
yang splitting perfectly into its two halves. However,
the two halves remain joined by spiritual energy. (In
some of these fetishes, this energy cam be seen as a
slightly luminous rush of wind that blows aside leaves
and dust.) The wielder can throw one of the blades out
and control it somewhat after its flight by swinging the
other half properly.

The wielder of the blade may use multiple actions
to attack both with the spear half in his hands and with

the floating half. The half that is held attacks using
Dexterity + Melee (difficulty 7) and does Strength + 2
aggravated damage. However, the floating half may
attack anyone within ten yards of the attacker; it also
does Strength + 2 aggravated damage.

Siler} Fade

Level Four, Gnosis 7

Bound with the spirit of a caterpillar, the
Silent Blade is designed specifically to be forgot-
ten. When activated, this fetish wakizashi passes
through opponents as though it were a ghost.
Wounds inflicted in this way should be circled
rather than. crossed out — they contribute to
wound penalties, heal before bashing damage and
can even knock an opponent unconscious, but
the cannetkill. After the scene, all ghost damage
is healedimmediately, and unless the victim suc-
ceeds at a Willpower roll (difficulty 8), he forgets
ever even being hit with the sword. If the victim
took no damage from any source other than the
Silent Blade and fails the Willpower roll, then he
forgets he was even attacked in the first place.

Another effect occurs whenever the bearer of the
blade meets the victim from that day onwards. While
they cannotremember the conflict, the pain is subcon-
sciously.remembered in the presence of the sword.
This sudden pain easily confuses and frightens the
victim. For every health level inflicted with the Silent
Blade while activated, the bearer receives one extra die
toall Intimidationrolls made against the blade's former
victim. The maximum benefit is five dice.

Balance Charm

Level Five, Gnosis 8

The yin/yang is a symbol of dynamic balance. Two
opposing forces of equal strength meet. They do not
stand within strict boundaries, but each pushes into
the other, and yet neither ever gains dominance over
the other. This is real strength, and the source of real
power. Those who would seek to be strong spend their
lives bringing all their strengths into perfect balance.
Andthosetoo impatient or rushed to do that cheat and
use the Balance Charm.

The Balance Charm is small and made of metal,
inscribed with a Yin Yang on both sides and worn
around the neck on a chain. It is then bound with
the spirit of acrane. When activated, the spirit
brings the balance in its own soul to that of the one
wearing it, raising the bearer's temporary Rage,
Gnosis and Willpower all to the same level, that of
the highest temporary value. This can bring tempo-
rary values for these statistics above their perma-

Hammer and Kflaive

a ee


nent level. At the end of the scene, the wearer loses in any category, however, she gains a temporary
all but one temporary point in each category, ex- _ point so that she still has one temporary point in
hausted from the stress of bearing so much internal _ each category. Balance is maintained.

energy. If the character has no temporary points left

Chapter Three: Pieces of Spirit 109
GEE 4 Sse
er ee ENG


spear called Serpent Halberd.

What are Legendary
Fitters
4

Many young Garou make the mistake of thinking
that legendary fetishes are purely a line drawn in the
sand by the elders. This grand klaive is a very impres-
sive fetish, but not quite powerful enough to be legend-
ary, while that one over there edges over the line. The
underlying assumption is what separates normal fe-
tishes from legendary fetishes is simple power. They're
still essentially the same type of thing, after all.

These young Garouare very, very mistaken. Garou
elders don't classify fetishes as legendary, they recog-
nize legendary fetishes for what they are. Fetishes made
by Garou in the "normal" ways all adhere by some basic
rules. Each one is an object bound with a spirit that
does one specific thing. Each is created by an indi-
vidual (Garou or Fera) that designs and works upon the
fetish. While a fetish may rebel and become cursed, it

Then blacksmiths were summoned to forge weapons.

For Liu Bei they made a pair of ancient swords; for Guan

Yu they fashioned a long-handled, curved blade called

Green-Dragon Saber, which weighed a full one hundred

twenty pounds; and for Zhang Fei they created a ten-foot
| — Romance of the Three Kingdoms

generally obeys the commands of the person who owns

and is attuned to it.
By contrast, there are no consistent laws or pre-
conceptions that apply evenly to any two different
legendary fetishes. One will be made by design, but the
next just seems to happen more or less by accident. The
first will do a single thing, but the next has an array of
well-defined tricks built into it, and the one after that

just seems to do whatever the hell it likes. Most are still

the products of a spirit joining with an object, but ina

few cases the spirit simply decides to become an object.

And while one will be mute and obedient as a klaive,

the second will demonstrate a clear personality and act

more as a partner to its "owner" than a tool.

In short, legendary fetishes are the cases that the AN

Garou (or Fera) cannot solve. They are what happens

Chapter Four: Power Embodied 111

cz ee

when the standard logic of fetishes breaks down and
becomes something other. They are things that could
shape the destiny of the entire Garou Nation, ifnot the
Apocalypse. They are not to be used lightly.

Naktog Legendary Fefithat

No one has a blueprint for a legendary fetish.
There's no set routine that one can follow. While a
character could decide that they want to make a
legendary fetish, it's much like waking up one morning
and deciding you'd like to win the lottery. It's not that
you can't take productive steps toward the goal (buy-
ing a lottery ticket is a good start), but even with those
steps there's not a lot of real progress made. One old
werewolf adage states that: "The little fetishes are
made by Garou using spirits. The great fetishes are
made by spirits using Garou." There is much truth to
this — while Garou often forge and craft the materials
that make a legendary fetish, the process only seems to
happen when the spirit involved decides that it should.
When such powerful artifacts are made, there's always
a story behind them and normally the story would be
the sort told throughout the ages even if no fetish was
involved at all. In fact, if there's any common thread
to the creation of legendary fetishes, it is that they
happen in the middle of great or terrible times.

The actual spirit involved isn't crucial to the
power or status of a legendary fetish. While most do
seem to have the hands of Incarnae or even Celestines
upon them, a few have nothing more than Jagglings
or even Gafflings within them. This is the sort of
conundrum that gives Theurges headaches, but most
theorize that either the spirit metamorphoses into a
more powerful spirit in the act of joining with the
object, or that a much more powerful spirit is some-
how lending assistance to the smaller empowering
spirit. Both are possible, and it may be that both are
true in different cases.

The following are five acknowledged ways that
one can make a legendary fetish, or rather, that legend-
ary fetishes come into being.

Cheated by a Matter Crafttvan

Garou myth often features many legendary fe-
tishes created by craftsman so amazing that they were
able to devise and forge objects no other man could
match, and whose renown among the Garou and the
spirits was so peerless that even the Celestines dearly
wished to be made grander by his attentions. These are
the sorts of legendary fetishes closest to "normal"
fetishes, although their final form can be entirely
different. They are, however, made in much the same
way as most fetishes, designed and forged by a Garou
who had the idea in the first place.

112

Hammer and Klaive

_ ee ey ¢/

The main problem with trying to make alegendary
fetish this way is in becoming a craftsman so grand that
your efforts make the gods sit up and pay attention.
Unless you can cause Luna, the Ever-Changing Moon
herself, to blush from the flattery of being asked to be
part of the fetish you're making, then you won't be
making any legendary fetishes this way. Frankly, noth-
ing less will cut it.

In game terms, a master craftsman of this magni-
tude is going to have at the very least Charisma or
Subterfuge 5, and whichever isn't 5 should be at least
3. She should optimally also have Dexterity 5, Wits 5,
Crafts 5, Enigmas 5, Etiquette 5, Expression 5, and
Primal-Urge 5. Some knowledge may be needed de-
pending upon what she is crafting, such as Melee 5 for
swords and other hand to hand weapons, Firearms 5 for
guns, Performance 5 for musical instruments, etc.
Many will have Pure Breed and Ancestors, as well. The
spiritual aspect must also not be neglected, she should
know the Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Contrition, Rite of
Binding, Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Becom-
ing, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Summoning,
Rite of the Fetish, and probably a few more. (The Rite
of the Opened Caern and The Badger's Burrow couldn't
hurt.) The Gifts of Spirit Speech, Command Spirit,
Pulse of the Invisible and Malleable Spirit are all ones
a master craftsman would know. She should also have
at least 5 Rage, 8 Gnosis, and 10 Willpower. Finally,
she must be at least Rank 5, and have 10 Permanent
Honor and Wisdom.

Having these statistics is enough to "get your foot
in the door," so to speak. After this, you need to create
a work of art, or a weapon, or something else of such
amazing splendor that Celestines take notice. Story-
tellers are free to adjudicate exactly how this is defined,
but 80 successes on an extended Wits + Crafts roll
(difficulty 9) with each roll representing a day, a week
or even a month isn't unfair. After all this has been
done, you can attempt to make a legendary fetish. The
Storyteller should play this entirely by ear.

Creafe T Femstefiet

At the other end of the spectrum, some legendary
fetishes just seem to happen. A common theme with
these is weapons either held by or against Garou in dire
circumstances. Facing desperate odds, the brave hero
swings his blade in a futile gesture... and then watches
in stunned amazement as his sword calls down light-
ning from the sky to smite his foes.

On the other hand, there have been a hell ofa lot
more Garou heroes who've had their arms ripped off
making desperate futile swings, and then been beaten
to death with them shortly thereafter. Legendary
fetishes that self-create in this manner are rare in the


extreme, the will of a spirit that decided to intervene
ina most spectacular way, forcing itself into an object
and creating a fetish purely of its own volition. In
short, Garou shouldn't rely on this method for find-
ing legendary fetishes any more than they should rely
on lucky meteor strikes to coincidentally annihilate
their foes.

Needless to say, any legendary fetishes introduced
in this manner are entirely under the control of the
Storyteller.

Cheafed bo an Gute Coat

In a lot of ways, the epic quest is a somewhat
similar legendary creation myth to the master crafts-
man myth. In both cases, what makes the legend is the
attention of the most powerful of spirits. In the case of
the epic quest, however, the attention can be placed
upon even the most unlikely of heroes, and Garou love
myths about wolves barely more than cubs being
driven to desperate and great acts.

Generally epic quests aren't about creating the
fetish. Instead, they begin as a response to a crisis that
forces the pack away from their sept, whereupon they
travel further and deeper into the unknown and dark-
ness. During this crisis, the existence of the fetish, or
the idea of the fetish, becomes known. What begins as
merely an escape or a reaction to a crisis becomes a
search for a (perhaps literal) Holy Grail, with the pack
seeking out gold from Helios, silver from Luna and
wisdom from the spirits themselves.

An alternate myth along similar lines sees the
protagonists as "pretenders to the master craftsman."
Here, they genuinely do have the vision of a legendary
fetish, but lack the skill to make it themselves. As they
set out to try and gather the pieces of this fetish, they
are "adopted" (usually unwillingly) by an outside force
that tries to lead them upon their quest to create the
legendary fetish. This spirit invariably has a strong
trickster aspect and alternately leads the pack forward
in their goal and then horribly awry. The pack in turn
sometimes rejects, sometimes follows the spirit and
tries to find the parts of the legendary fetish. Inevita-
bly, one aspect of the fetish lies outside their grasp and
coming to grips with something about their own iden-
tity, or discovering the true nature of the spirit helping
them, is the only way to gain the final clue. Quite
often, even with this clue, a final surprise lies in the
legendary fetish itself.

oducts of Madna or Cewhus

One of the more disturbing legends is the type in
which a legendary fetish is created by a self-approved
"genius," or as more commonly considered, a madman.
These sorts of legendary fetishes are often viewed as

Seer sane er eraser FE SNe mene

Chapter Four: Power Embodied

need emacs a

the purview of the Wyrm, largely because of the insane
quality of even regular Black Spiral fetishes, but the
Weaver's insanity can easily taint minds with great-
ness, and the Wyld's constant metamorphosis can
unhinge as well. The disorder doesn't even have to be
related to the Triat — there are tales of creators
unbalanced by an excess of Rage or Gnosis, driven to
complete the strange visions they receive in their
dreams. In all cases, something breaks and the result-
ing madness leads the creator to produce a legendary
fetish, most often after a long period of solitude.

The most commonly accepted understanding of
this myth is that the "madness" is in fact the result of
being possessed or somehow guided by a spirit. In this
way these legendary fetishes are in fact very similar to
those that simply "happen." The only difference is that
instead of a spirit imbuing itself into an object, here a
Garou is employed as a tool for creating the legendary
fetish. It is perhaps this quality above all others that
tends to turn these legends into horror stories —Garou
don't always like being reminded that all fetishes
involve turning life into a tool for their usage, and rarer
still do they enjoy the idea of the tables being turned.

Finally, there are many prophecies among the
various tribes and septs of great weapons that will be
created during the days before the Apocalypse. Most of
these have a strong celestial or environmental aspect,
with many criteria placed upon where, when, and how
this legendary fetish will be created. A good example
exists among an English Fianna sept that continues to
hold that: "Facing the darkest of days, the hero stands
in the chill winds encircled by rock. He gazes heaven-
ward to observe Luna's fullest glory and the sole eye of
Mitanu, Nerigal, Zarok and Lu-Bat. With three sigils
held above and four verses held within, the hero takes
a sword for the Wyrm's heart from the hands of Rorg
and Eshtarra."

In many ways, this myth resembles that of the epic
quest. Here, however, it is not the efforts of the pack or
Garou that produces the fetish but rather the forces at
work around them. They are but conduits for the
incredible forces of nature, Gaia and the spirits. De-
spite the widespread nature of such prophecies, this is
nota sure-fire way to be responsible for the creation of
a legendary fetish. They tend to attract many different
packs with similar ambitions, so a lot of competition
for the honor occurs. These prophecies tend to be
wildly interpretive and vague, so it can be hard to get
right, and you almost always only get one go at it.
Finally, a disturbing number of them are simply false
and have no power behind them beyond the words
themselves.

113

a a ere TT,

Can Be Done?

Legendary Fetishes don't seem to happen
much these days. Generally there's far many
more old legendary fetishes that are found, rather
than new ones created. Could it be that some-
thing has changed, and now the spiritual links
that allow legendary fetishes to be created have
finally severed?

It could well be. It's your game, and there are
plenty of reasons that it might be inevitable that
legendary fetishes are now a thing of the past.
Perhaps the Gauntlet has finally thickened to the
point where the connection between the Umbra
and the physical world has become so weak that
legendary fetishes simply can't happen. Maybe
the problem goes back even further and in fact all
legendary fetishes occurred in the first days of the
world, when spirit and flesh were as one.

Officially, however, it is possible that legend-
ary fetishes can be and still are made in the modern
world. The legendary fetishes created in modern
times are still a tiny percentage of the already tiny
numbers of legendary fetishes in existence, of
course. This is to be expected, since there's been
a lot longer of ancient times than of the modern
world. And the rate at which they are created has
also slowed — since most don't create themselves,
the declining number of Garou and Fera has
meant a similar decline in legendary fetishes. But
they can be made, and many Garou are desper-
ately still trying to create one in what they see as
the search for the weapon to win the war.

GTZ cody Littler

Legendary fetishes are a great story hook, espe-
cially ina last of the Garou, final days sort of chronicle
where the Apocalypse breathes down the characters
necks. Legendary fetishes should always feel crucially
important. While they won't decide the path of the
Apocalypse (well, most won't), they are all of far too
much use and danger to leave in the hands of the
enemy, and taking the chance to acquire one is always
the proper course of action. Regardless of the odds,
legendary fetishes are important enough that lives are
worth risking for them.

Introducing a legendary fetish into your
chronicle should escalate the stakes for everyone in
your chronicle, for both the forces of Gaia and of the

114

Hammer and Klaive

_ eee ee

Wyrm. They should never be "just another fetish,"
a particularly nifty bit of loot, but instead should
turn heads simply by their surfacing or changing
hands. When the players' pack recovers the Sword
of the Sun from its tomb in Egypt, the game does not
continue as before. Instead, the vampires that the
players have been opposing launch a massive raid
upon their sept using their human bloodslaves, be-
cause the vampires are afraid. From that moment on,
the game should achieve a fever pitch and if the
players decide to hold onto the Sword, then they'll
bear the brunt of most of the vampires' attentions.
Give the enemy a sense of desperation, and the
players will see just how important the blade in their
hands is far more dramatically than just telling them
about it. And, if the vampires capture the Sword,
the players will be just as desperate as their enemies
once were.

Wheat ts the Legendary Fpbe?

First question for any chronicle including a leg-
endary fetish: What is it? Has it been created yet, or is
it waiting to be made? If it hasn't been created yet, will
the players be creating it or will that task fall to
someone else? (Games where the player characters
create legendary fetishes have a whole set of difficulties
all their own; more on that later.) What powers does
the legendary fetish have, and whom will it particu-
larly affect? Since the introduction of a relic of this
power will clearly shape the chronicle, the nature of its
powers isa vital element. For instance, it's unadvisable
to introduce a legendary fetish with great power against
undead unless you have a great enthusiasm for hurling
vampires, revenants, ghosts and the like against the
players and their sept.

Other worthwhile questions to ask here include:
Who will want it? Who will be affected by it, and is
there any particular reason why it will adversely
affect one group no matter who holds it? Does the
legend that surrounds it have great religious or ideo-
logical interest to a specific group? Is there anyone
who might want it destroyed? Can it be destroyed?
There's already a great deal of political interaction in
a good Werewolf chronicle, and you can bet that the
introduction of a fetish of this power level will throw
the politicking into overdrive.

\hen Wi te Legendary Fatih
Zimtare "

Though it's an obvious point, there are three parts
of a story in which you can introduce a legendary
fetish: At the beginning, at the end, or somewhere in


the middle. Where you place the introduction of the
legendary fetish will affect the form of the story and the
role of the legendary fetish within that story.

At fhe Enh

Probably the most obvious place to puta legendary
fetish is at or toward the end of a story. This lends itself
to a number of story structures. One of the most
obvious is the classic race against others. (For example,
the players' pack and a pack of Black Spirals both
discover the existence of a legendary fetish and each
begins a desperate search for clues and, of course, the
fetish. See The Silver Crown for just such a story.)
Equally appropriate is the race against time. (For
example: a massive force besieges the players' sept, and
unless something is done to tip the balance it will fall
within a week. One of the players learns that stories
place a legendary fetish tied to either the caern or the
besieging force somewhere in the area....) Another
obvious choice for a story placing the fetish at the end
is the creation story, wherein the characters are at-
tempting to make their name in history by creating a
legendary fetish.

Inall these cases, the primary point of the chronicle
isn't the about what this legendary fetish can do.
Rather, it's about the existence of a legendary fetish in
the first place. The legendary fetish becomes a McGuffin
— everyone wants it, but no one cares what it is. Since

SDen are eraser ran

the chronicle ends with the fetish being found (apart
from, perhaps, a denouement with the legendary fetish
being used to kick ass and liberate the sept) the actual
properties the legendary fetish can wind up being
mostly irrelevant. You don't have to spend too long
crafting the actual legendary fetish itself, just create an
evocative myth that engages your players' curiosity. In
such astory, the McGuffin usually winds up exiting the
scene by the end of the story anyway — its powers are
spent, it's lost or confiscated, or the like. The Indiana
Jones movies, specifically Raiders of the Lost Ark and
Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, are perfect examples
of these stories. The heroes spend most of their time
chasing the plot-significant artifact, which is found or
used for the first time towards the end of the story, but
at the end of it all the heroes aren't lugging around the
McGuffin as part of their inventory — it's been lost
again, potentially forever.

Instead, spend all that time on the other details.
If you're making that race against a Black Spiral pack,
then spend most of your time on the Black Spirals.
Make the antagonists memorable and interesting,
because your players will do the work on making the
legendary fetish interesting for you. (Just give them
enough hints to start wondering exactly what it is and
what it will be able to do. Let them speculate.)
Likewise, get the plot as neat and complex as possible.


|

Again, look at the example of Raiders of the Lost Ark.
The best part of the film isn't when the Ark of the
Covenant (inspiration for a legendary fetish if ever
there was any) is stuck in one place waiting to be
found, but at the end, with the Ark being shuffled
about on trucks and transported everywhere. Give
your story the same twists and turns, and keep your
players guessing.

And while you have videos out, watch Jaws as well,
and observe the way the film builds tension at the start.
The shark is half seen, never revealed, but endlessly
talked about. Do the same with your legendary fe-
tishes. Build the tension and suspense. If you're going
to put the legendary fetish at the end, then take
advantage of the long time you'll have to whet your
players' anticipation of it.

At the Beytooleg

At the other extreme, putting a legendary fetish at
the beginning of a story reverses most of those factors.
What the legendary fetish does becomes highly impor-
tant and can, in fact, be used as the basis of an entire
chronicle. How does the surfacing of this legendary
fetish change the world of the story? Who benefits?
Who loses? Does it help the Garou (or Fera), or do the
overall effects end up harming them? Placing a legend-
ary fetish at the start of your story lets you examine the
social function of fetishes taken to the extreme. Greed,
hatred, and infighting can run rampant, and the esca-
lating effects of legendary fetishes upon the Apoca-
lypse War can be seen to their full extent.

For example: The Sept of Hallowed Oaks loses the
player character's pack while under siege. Unable to return
because of the Wyrm forces surrounding the sept, the pack
ventures toward the nearest sept to try and find amoon bridge
back and during the journey is diverted. In this chance
engagement, they recover the legendary sword "Lightning's
Arm" and use it to destroy the Wyrm's forces besieging the
sept. They are proclaimed as heroes. And in so doing, they
make an enemy of the sept's war leader, who feels they
stomped over what would have been a glorious triumph for
him. The word of the Arm spreads and the Wyrm's forces
now make the sept's destruction a priority. A sept elder makes
things worse by claiming the Litany gives him rightful own-
ership of it, and the jealous war leader takes his side. Slowly,
bit by bit, the sept begins to crumble... . all because of the Arm
being there. Is protecting the Arm really worth this?

This example only cites the "normal" consequences
agrand fetish might have. Don't be afraid to offer more
supernatural crises as well. What happens when a
legendary fetish becomes cursed? Would some mem-
bers of the sept have reason to fear the legendary

fetish's effects? Why?

116

Hammer and Kflaive

io ££, tiem //

The main problem with placing a legendary fetish
at the beginning of a story is that you quickly lose any
mystery the fetish might have, and you don't have
much time to build the legend up, either. As such,
spend your time in on the legendary fetish itself. Resist
the urge to tell the players exactly what the legendary
fetish is as they find it — it's cheesy, and doesn't grant
it any appropriate respect. Instead, present it as simply
another fetish (unless, of course, one of the characters
has good reason to recognize it), and let the reactions
of those who see it (as well as the damage it wreaks
upon the characters' enemies) speak for its reputation.
You can explain the details to your players later.
Alternatively, consider letting someone else find it.
Occasionally, packs other than your players' can do
good things as well, and you'll have plenty of time to
let your players take the spotlight later. You may also
want to give yourself a little bit of time (a few game
sessions or so) before introducing the legendary fetish
to set up what the sept is like under "normal" circum-
stances before you pull the rug out from underneath it.

At tbe Tore of tbe Tide

Finally, there is the option to place the legendary
fetish in the middle of the story. It is important to note
that if you do this, then you aren't going to be creating
a "race against time" scenario. If the story you've
created for the chronicle is about finding the incred-
ible legendary fetish before it's too late, then finding
the fetish effectively ends the story. The goal isachieved,
and anything thereafter is denouement. However, it is
possible to set up a story in which finding the fetish
represents a turn in the story rather than its end. The
main difference is in the enemy's response.

If finding the legendary fetish ends the story, then
the enemy is beaten. The power of the fetish is so great
that none can stand against it. And this isn't a bad way
toruna story at all — by confirming the weapon as the
be-all and end-all of the story, you can grant the
chronicle an incredible tension because there are no
second chances. If they find it first, it's over.

By contrast, allowing the enemy to stand a chance
against a legendary fetish undermines its power some-
what. It isn't a world-conquering weapon (and frankly,
such things would be out of place in the bleak struggle
of Werewolf). However, this option allows you to
create a legendary fetish within the context of an
ongoing war in which people die, battles are won and
lost, and the worth of a legendary fetish can be seen in
both its powers and limits.

One potential way in which this can be achieved
is a two-pronged attack by the forces of the Wyrm. As
the pack is armed with the Knotted Thread (see below)


the forces of the Wyrm are falling repeatedly in direct
battles. They simply can't stand up to the might of this
legendary fetish. But then, as they fall away in direct
battles, they begin to employ new strategies to start
winning back ground. Assassination attempts begin
on the pack, particularly whoever holds the legendary
fetish. Pentex comes to the fore, not with First Teams,
but with teams of lawyers repossessing the houses of
Kinfolk, claiming ownership of the land on which the
sept sits. The Wyrm begins trying to possess members
of their enemy with Banes, and using them to attack
the sept from within. Encourage the players to come up
with strategies to nullify the enemy again and again,
then assert a new offensive. Make the players sweat a
little — do these guys ever quit?

Another way you can create a "turn of the tide"
scenario is to in fact give the enemies a legendary
fetish, either counterbalanced by the heroes' own
relic, or the only legendary fetish in the chronicle.
Black Spiral Dancers definitely have their own leg-
ends, dark though they may be. The Gaian Garou
begin on the defensive, being forced back. The play-
ers now get to play out the reverse of the above
scenario — desperately trying to find ways to neutral-
ize the power of the enemy's weapon. Perhaps they
are able to recover a legendary fetish of equal power.
Perhaps they can find a way to capture or destroy the
enemy's great weapon. The war approaches stalemate
and the battle becomes about trying to find a hole in
the other's defenses.

The greatest trap this sort of chronicle faces is the
"Saturday Morning Cartoon" syndrome. The fights
shouldn't look like losing battles until the players fall
back and call upon the mighty power of the legendary
fetish, episode after episode. Make the legendary fetish
a constant — it's a fact of the battle, and every
maneuver has to account for it somehow. Ironically, by
placing the legendary fetish in the middle ofachronicle,
you place the focus away from the fetish. The story is
about the events surrounding the finding of the leg-
endary fetish, and about the personalities using it.

Jatiphe Legendary Fefihar
The knotted Thread

The Legend: The Moirae was the correct name of
the Fates, the three goddesses who controlled the lives
of everyone within every world. Even the other gods
and goddesses were not spared — as Clotho spun the
threads of their life, Lachesis judged the length of every
thread and every life, and Atropos cut the thread free
to push the soul and life of every individual into the
grip of death.

Chapter Four: Power Embodied

iceman

Speer sare rs emrreseren rey an en mes

According to the Legend of the Knotted Thread,
one woman, a maiden Black Fury Ragabash named
laneira found the Moirae, and she watched and trembled
as Atropos cast aside every thread. But Ianeira, brave
and irreverent, gathered to herself every thread and
tied a knot between each one, creating a rope made of
the threads of every person's soul. When the rope grew
too long to hold, she knotted the threads further to
shorten it, until it was nothing but knots, over and
over. No one would ever again know how many
threads made up the rope before she was discovered,
and Atropos held a length of thread before her eyes.
laneira, according to the Black Furies, wept with fear
over the rope she had created, but stood bravely.
Atropos cut the thread, and Janeira died. But the
Moirae could not touch the rope again because her
tears were on it, and so they instead placed it far from
them, where none would possess it.

And yet it has been possessed throughout the ages,
sometimes by the Black Furies, sometimes by Garou of
another tribe, and sometimes by the Wyrm. It now
resides on an unnamed island near Greece, one that
exists only in the Umbra. It is not lost, but none can
touch it for a war exists eternally around the island.
Five of Pegasus's greatest servants stomp and bite at a
Wyrm monster made of five headless bodies, each with
one sense and their hands joined together so that all
may see, hear, touch, taste and smell. As each strikes
at the other should they get too close to the island, so
does a great spider watch both, to see if it can sneak to
the Knotted Thread in their war. Any who venture too
close are destroyed by one of the three forces.

The Fetish: As described, the Knotted Thread is a
rope knotted in upon itself. Anyone who holds it holds
the severed fate of millions who have lived and passed
on, and may command them fittingly. By untying one
knot, whoever holds the fetish may unleash the spirits of
an unknown number of dead souls upon their oppo-
nents. After activation, the user immediately spends
one point of Gnosis (in addition to any spent activating
the fetish) and rolls 8 dice at difficulty 7. For every
success, a dead soul is summoned and does a number of
unsoakable aggravated health levels of damage equal to
the number of successes rolled to one opponent. (So if
five successesare rolled, five opponents suffer five health
levels of damage.) After this, another point of Gnosis is
expended and all dice that succeeded are rolled again,
difficulty 7. The same effect then occurs, after which the
dice that succeeded on that roll are rerolled and another
Gnosis point expended, and so on until no dice succeed.
The user may not choose to end the effect and stop
spending Gnosis. Like Pandora's Box, once opened it
may not be controlled.

7

11
i


Seer even renee cere a ere coe aver a res mnarrensnreneh

If at any point a botch is rolled, then all the dice
rolled in the botch are considered successes and do
their damage, but do so entirely randomly to both
opponents and friends alike. Worse still, this does not
end and all dice are then rerolled as if they had been
successes, and all rolls following this will attack ran-
domly too.

Story Hooks: The Knotted Thread is unique in
that all who know of its legend know where it is, yet
none can touch it. Were two sides in the Island War
united, the battle would end immediately, the third
side destroyed. In the confusion that followed, the
Knotted Thread could perhaps be seized. But of the
three, the Spider is the most deceptive and clever.
Would, in the desperation to bring such a weapon to
Gaia's side, any of Her warriors be willing to try and
make an alliance between the Wyrm and Wyld?

Tbe Babes Confer

The Legend: In 53 BCE, Oppius Memmius Gala
went mad. A Garou in Ancient Rome belonging to the
tribe that would eventually become the Glass Walkers,
he one day began babbling incoherently, and nothing
seemed to cure him. He was about to be killed by his
tribemates when he stepped sideways into the Umbra
and vanished. It is highly speculated that he had
somehow contacted the Machine, which is both what
drove him mad and what led him to an act of creation
so profound and colossal that when he emerged and led
his pack to what he had made, they killed him anyway,
for fear he might make another.

What he created was a spirit in the shape of a
tower, built of steel and glass. Before he died, Oppius
Memmius Gala prophesied "In a wrong year, our own
tools will turn against us and the Tower will find its
mate." A few Glass Walker Theurges have suggested
that 2000 is the "wrong year" — incorrectly considered
the beginning of the millennium, and also the year of
the Y2K bug, which these same Theurges suggest could
be the tools turning against mankind. It's a stretch, but
what scares Glass Walker Galliards is that this is the
first stretch ever suggested — in over two millennia,
not one declaration that Gala's prophecy had come
true was made. And that absence is what has many of
the tribe taking the stretch seriously.

So if it's true, then what does "finding its mate"
entail? Opinion here is more divided, but more than a
few Theurges have come to the correct conclusion —
The steel and glass tower has bound itself into a
skyscraper somewhere in the world. The unfortunate
thing is that no one knows which. The Babel Center
could be any skyscraper in any city of the world. It's

11

"mona

currently lying dormant, and there's a project on the
Glass Walkers computer network attempting to try
and find it. Needless to say, so far no one has.

The Fetish: To date, no Garou actually knows
what the Babel Center does. However, the truth is
that the Center acts as an Umbral lightning rod,
switchboard, and junction point. When activated,
anyone in the Babel Center with Gnosis begins to
experience various senses of being at different points
in the Umbra, from the Penumbra to the Realms to
the Dark Umbra. One Garou will step into a board-
room and see images of the restless ghosts, a second
will hear conversations on the other side of planet,
and a third will feel the Atrocity Realm on his skin.
For particularly disturbing encounters, the Story-
teller may ask for a Willpower roll to avoid temporary
bouts of insanity — The combination of the Babel
Center's razor sharp vividness and the sensory clashes
that result can be harrowing.

In addition, stepping through some doors sends
the visitor into unusual locations, which can be any-
where in the Umbraatall. There is no clear sense about
which doors go where, and which are just doors into
other rooms in the skyscraper.

And finally, the Babel Center has no particular
security against the Umbra. Once activated, spirits can
get in, as well. And since they can get in from any-
where in the Umbra, there can be literally any type of
spirit. For the most part, they do not enter — The
Babel Center scares them. But occasionally, one will
enter the Center for some reason.

Yet despite these problems, the Babel Center is
also the most incredible intelligence post in the world,
if you can work it out. There is a way to know where
every signal is, and where every door goes. It's not a
logical comprehension, nor even an instinctual one.
Homid, metis and lupus Garou are all on equal footing
in trying to understand how the Babel Center works.

To attempt to find a specific sense of a location in
the Babel Center, the player rolls Perception + Enig-
mas. Finding a very general location (for example, a
Near Realm or the Umbra ofa specific city) is difficulty
5. Trying to find a specific location that is somehow
unique in the Umbra (such as a caern) is difficulty 7.
Trying to find a specific location that is like all others
(such as a specific room in an apartment block in
downtown Manhattan, or an upstairs office in a factory
in Scar) is difficulty 9. If the character doesn't care
which sense is found and only wants to experience a
specific location, the difficulty drops by two. The more
successes, the clearer the sense.

Hammer and Klaive

En


Finding a door to a location is done in the same
way, with a Perception + Enigmas roll at the same
difficulties.

Story Hooks: Using the Babel Center as a setting
for a modern day ghost story chronicle is a natural. If
you choose to make the skyscraper the Babel Center
spirit has attached itself to an abandoned office block
in the bad part of town, then you can easily play with
the idea of a large, nasty Bane finding its way into the
Center as the characters explore it. (If you're particu-
larly vicious, then you could as easily choose to have
the Center activate the moment someone activates
any fetish.)

However, other opportunities exist as well. Set-
ting the Babel Center as a prosperous, active building
sets up all sorts of monkey wrenches into the act of
using it. (Remember, those without Gnosis are unaf-
fected by the Babel Center, so normal humans won't
notice anything.) It wouldn't be hard to set up a game
of intrigue and global war in the Babel Center, with the
players' pack feeding intelligence on crucial situations
worldwide with the legendary fetish. Or, for some
serious fun, combine the ghost story and the spy game
into one, and go nuts with the themes of both.

Sword of te Sun

The Legend: During the reign of Mentuhotep the
Third, a young Silent Strider Ahroun by the name of
Inihue returned to the lands of her birth in Egypt. Her
husband and son lived there, whom she saw but once
every nine moons. When she left, she gave them a
charm engraved with glyphs for Helios, Luna and Owl,
swearing this would keep them safe from the monsters
that came with the night winds. Sadly for them, it was
not her word to give.

Returning, she walked across bloodied sands in her
life and in her dreams. None of her tribe slept well in
the homelands during those nights, but Inihue slept
little as she neared the home of her family — whose
bloodless corpses she found torn by the fangs of a
Wyrm-serpent. They fought under a full moon, until
Inihue buried her d'siah into the neck of the serpent,
so deep her own wrist was buried in it with her sword.
It would not die, yet could not move, for any move-
ment caused the d'siah's sharp blade to cut into its
sides. Thus paralyzed, Inihue carried the murderous
demon into the Umbra.

Inihue was a traveler among even that tribe of
travelers, and she knew the ways to anywhere she cared
to go. So first she sought out and found Luna, and
bowed before her begging that she should slay the
serpent that murdered her family. But Luna knew

Seer re er emrasere ree Nes mene

nothing of how toslay aserpent like this, and shook her
head. Inihue gave praise, and left.

She then found Owl, and bowed before him beg-
ging that he should slay the serpent that murdered her
family. Owl knew how to kill snakes, and so set upon
the serpent with his talons. But try as he might, he
could not kill the serpent, and so he threw the foul
thing against the ground and declared defeat. Inihue
gave praise, and left.

So she came to see Helios, and bowed before him
begging that he should slay the serpent that murdered
her family. Helios took one look at the snake, and the
snake burned to ashes. Inihue, now recognizing the
serpent as a vampire, pulled her d'siah from the ashes,
and saw that it had become gold. Helios had blessed
the blade with his fire, so that the Leeches would fear
it. Inihue gave praise, and left.

The legend says after this, Inihue took the Sword
of the Sun and with it slaughtered two hundred vam-
pires in vengeance for her family's death, and then
departed with it into the Dark Umbra in hopes of
finding them again. Since then, there have been
sightings of Inihue repeatedly, and the Sword of the
Sun has resurfaced. Legend says, however, that nine
moons after receiving the Sword of the Sun, Inihue
returns for it. Those who refuse die horrible deaths,
sometimes hours, sometimes years afterwards.

The Fetish: The Sword of the Sun is inappropri-
ately named; it was formerly a flint knife, not a sword
at all. The fetish is a golden d'siah, bound with a
portion of Helios himself. When activated, the blade
becomes pure sunlight. It does Strength + 3 aggravated
damage, and against vampires that damage is doubled.
It also radiates sunlight and will damage vampires
simply by being in their presence. Within thirty yards,
the light given off by the Sword of the Sun is consid-
ered as strong as noonday sun, for purposes of affecting
creatures with a vulnerability to sunlight.

Story Hooks: The Sword of the Sun works great
as an instrument to turn the tides of war, at least in
wars with vampires. However, the time limit placed
upon ownership of the Sword creates an interesting
dilemma — the players need to fight the war in a way
that permanently solves it, or that puts them in a
position where the Sword of the Sun isn't required
after it is taken away. Otherwise, all the good work
they've done in the past nine moons will be gone as
quickly as it came.

The time limit also creates the possibility for a
"race against time" chronicle with a difference. In this
scenario, the Sword of the Sun is stolen and must be

Chapter Four: Power Embodied 119

eee Ee ee NS

|

found because Inihue won't (or might not) come to
whomever holds the Sword, but rather to whomever
she gave it. Failure to recover the Sword in time means
the previous owner's own death via curse. Storytellers
who are feeling vicious can also allow for the players to
fail in this mission without destroying a chronicle in
the process, since the death may come a long time after
the curse is laid upon them. (In particular, this is a fine
Dark Fate to fall on some luckless Garou with the
appropriate Flaw.)

Flarorner of Cleaguat

The Legend: One of the greatest weapon smiths
the Garou have ever known, Sava Claws-of-Lightning
created the Hammer of Plagues for a great leader of the
Shadow Lords in times unrecorded. He created the
hammer from lead brought up from deep within the
Earth, bound it with twenty-seven spirits of kinds
unknown, and then forged it within a bolt of lightning
while standing astride the peak of a mountain.

Thus armed with this weapon, the Shadow Lord
elder was feared more than ever before. The Hammer
of Plagues, it was known, did not merely touch those
whom it struck, but any the victim of its blows would
ever care for. Centuries later, the family line of the

4
120 yy

Hammer's original victim would still be shunned, for
they were cursed and unclean.

Supposedly, only the Shadow Lord and his line
were ever allowed to touch the Hammer, with grave
consequences for the whole world if this was violated.
This part of the legend has been disregarded many a
time in the millennia following its creation, however,
and is now regarded as a false addition to the myth.
Certainly, many Shadow Lords hope so.

The Fetish: The Hammer of Plagues is a massive
warhammer that the Get of Fenris would be proud to
call their own. However, its design is utterly Shadow
Lord: impassive gray lead carved with grandiose im-
ages of two Storm Crows upon each side of the
hammer and a set of glyphs upon the shaft of the
handle. It is dull in hue but highly threatening,
intended to send a grim warning into the heart of
anyone who should see it. The Hammer of Plagues
performs this task very well indeed.

When activated (at difficulty 8), anyone struck by
the Hammer must make a Gnosis roll (difficulty 7) or
suffer the effects of the curse the Hammer conveys.
Those who do not have Gnosis have no way of resisting
the curse. Within a week of being struck, the victim

Hammer and Kflaive

iin


begins to bleed from the ears, nose and anus, blisters
begin to grow upon the victim's feet and hands, boils
erupt elsewhere, and random piercing pains push
through the victim's stomach. From then onwards, the
afflicted victim loses one health level that can never be
regained unless the curse is lifted. There is no way
known to lift the curse, and it has never been lifted
once in history.

What particularly horrifies most who know the
legend is that anyone afflicted by the Hammer passes
on the plague with only a touch. (Those touched
receive the same Gnosis roll to resist as the originally
afflicted.) As such, relationships with family break
down, the afflicted becomes a social pariah, and the
plague can descend down through generations of a
family unchecked.

The Hammer of Plagues also.does Strength +3
aggravated damage.

Story Hooks: The most obvious way to introduce
the Hammer of Plagues is in the hands of an antago-
nist, opening up the possibility of one of the characters
being afflicted and sending the pack out to try and find
acure for the curse. If you do this, be sure to play up the
emotional angles of the story. Does the afflicted char-
acter worry that they might not find a cure? When does
desperation set in? What about loneliness? Even physi-
cal factors can be considered — loss of sleep would be
a very logical problem.

Another way would be to have the characters in
possession of the Hammer of Plagues against other
Garou foes. Treat the Hammer as a way to set up
something like nuclear politics in your game — The
threat of using the Hammer is always there, but actu-
ally bringing it out is a declaration of total war. Stale-
mates and diplomacy match with espionage and lim-
ited engagements to create a more tense, restrained
environment than most Werewolf games.

Finally, of course, you could suggest that the Ham-
mer really was only meant to be used by the Shadow
Lord's line, from which the Konietzko family claims
descent...

The First Kate

The Legend: As told at the beginning of this book,
the first klaive was allegedly created by Wind-Howl, a
Galliard, who bound silver taken from the moon with
a Glade Child. She ventured forth to deliver retribu-
tion upon those that had tortured her, and was slain.
Before she died, she hurled the First Klaive into a river
and it washed away, never to be seen again.

The Fetish: Unlike the other sample legendary
fetishes here, the First Klaive is presented without a

Seren or mm amrreseren reese Nr eee

suggested set of rules. The First Klaive is clearly of
greater importance than even most other legendary
fetishes, and could be employed in a number of differ-
ent ways.

If you want to make the First Klaive a red herring,
you could certainly do this easily enough. Note that
the legend of its creation doesn't credit it with killing
a single fomor. It's not bound with a war-spirit, but
instead a Glade Child. In short, there's nothing in the
legend or the construction of the First Klaive that
specifically suggests it should have any special proper-
ties whatsoever. If you want to do this, then the First
Klaive is asilver blade with no special properties, doing
lethal damage as per a sword. It is silver and will do
aggravated damage to Garouand those Fera affected by
the lunar metal, but it is not a supernatural source of
injury apart from that.

However, if you'd ratherplace the First Klaive on
an even footing with most of the other legendary
fetishes in this book, then you could play on the Glade
Child basis of the fetish and suggest a botanical set of
effects. The First Klaive brings the forces of nature
with it and causes plants in the area to attack with the
First Klaive. In a desert, the First Klaive does nothing
more than a normal Klaive. In a lightly wooded area
(such as a city park) the First Klaive can make three
attacks at one target per turn. And ina heavily wooded
area the First Klaive can make five attacks at one target
per turn. This makes the First Klaive a devastating
weapon against individual opponents and a rough
match for most legendary fetishes.

Finally, you can play the First Klaive up as the
almost literal Holy Grail for the Garou Nation: Possess
the First Klaive, win the war. The First Klaive carries
with it the loyalty of every nature spirit on the planet,
who have not forgotten the noble sacrifice of Wind-
Howland her pack made for one of their own, and how
they paid for their honor with pain, torture and death.
Under such an interpretation, the First Klaive might
do Strength x3 aggravated damage, and as long as one
target is hit with the blade, the rest of the damage roll
may be distributed among any opponents the wielder
can see. Armies will fall to the First Klaive, and the
return of such a potent weapon must surely herald the
immediate beginning of the Apocalypse.

Story Hooks: The First Klaive is probably the
perfect object of a ‘Search for the Holy Grail' storyline,
in which the players' pack dedicates itself to finding
the First Klaive. There's no desperate rush (at least at
first) but the rewards of finding it are so incredibly high
that it pushes aside other goals. If you do this, then
there's a lot of logic in employing the First Klaive as a

Chapter Four: Power Embodied 121

a a ey ee


Seer rare rere ree are se rv amr ca roms mncerenseren sea)

red herring, because no weapon can possibly live up
the legend surrounding it. If it's going to be an anticli-
max, then make use of it. Play up the legend in the early
stages of the game and then, once it is found, make it
brutally clear how misguided those legends are. Your
trouble here will be finding a way to reward the players
for their efforts even as you pull the rug out from
underneath them. One way this could be done is to
shift the focus of the chronicle slightly, by giving them
an enemy, (who still needs to be defeated after the
weak First Klaive is found) or a charge (who needs to
be helped in some way).

Alternatively, change the focus (and powers) of
the First Klaive itself. Don't make it a destroyer of
armies but instead make it uniquely suited to a more
personal problem. One explanation that could be
offered is that the First Klaive doesn't have, in fact, a
singular set of powers but instead exists throughout the
ages and has whatever powers it needs to have for those
Garou destined to own it. Once this destiny is fulfilled,
the First Klaive becomes simply a silver knife again and
the owner feels compelled to let go of it (normally by
throwing it into a river). An alternate progression for
this campaign would be to wonder why it didn't seem
to do this for its first owner. Was there a deeper reason,
unrecorded by history, that Wind-Howl went back to
that battlefield?

Finally, you could also play around with the
multiple powers presented here and suggest that the
First Klaive awakens over time. The reason for this
could be anything, and the guidelines upon which it
awakens can also be adapted for any chronicle. Per-
haps certain enemies must be slain with it for it to
awaken. (Perhaps even the fomori that killed Wind-
Howl, still alive to this day.) Perhaps the First Klaive
gains in power as the owner rises in rank. Either way,
over time the First Klaive can begin as a silver knife,
become a powerful weapon, and end as a force of
nature in the owner's hands.

Stags Charlot

The Legend: There are few fetishes among the
Garou born in such tragedy as Stag's Chariot. The
legend is told many times and every time, the place and
the time changes. The Glass Walkers swear it hap-
pened in Ancient Rome, the Fianna in Medieval
Wales, and one Bone Gnawer continues to assert it
happened in New Jersey last week. None of that
matters. All that matters are the names. Twilight
Wrath, the brave pack. Strikes-as-Lightning, their
brave alpha. And Wylot, the fomor that murdered
seven Kinfolk sisters after luring Twilight Wrath away
from their sept.

122

————

Strikes-as-Lightning had known the seven sisters
since she was a cub, since she was the eighth cub in
their family before she Changed. And she burned with
anger as she lead her pack on Wylot the coward's trail,
who would not fight Gaia's holy warriors but fled upon
a chariot made of dull iron. But his death was inevi-
table, as was his pain at Strikes-as-Lightning's claws.
But she was not satisfied. Her seven sisters lay dead
still. At his death, she renounced her life and took the
bit of the chariot in her teeth, and pulled it beyond the
Gauntlet.

And she searched the Umbra high and low, but
she could not find a spirit so powerful as to bring back
her sisters from the darkest places. Luna wept tears for
her, and put silver on her chariot, but could not help.
And Helios held her in his warm embrace, and put gold
on her chariot, but could not assist.

And then she found Stag, who was filled with life
and lust. He listened to Strikes-as-Lightning and was
mortified. Not because they died, but that they died
before they found mates, since they were young, and
neither had Strikes-as-Lightning for she was the young-
est. And he agreed to bring her sisters back, but he
couldn't do it for free; no one deals marked cards to
Death and lives to leave the table. In exchange for the
seven sisters, seven other maidens would need to take
their place. And with sorrow in her heart, Strikes-as-
Lightning accepted Stag's offer, and he told her to find
the seven maidens to wash the chariot, and it would
bring back the sisters.

So Strikes-with-Lightning found six young girls,
and brought them to a lake and the chariot, and then
she licked the Chariot first.

The Fetish: Stag's Chariot is made from gold,
silver and iron, and is located somewhere in the world
inadeep lake. The Chariot may only be activated once
ayear, and to activate it seven maidens must wash the
Chariot in the lake and then be ritually sacrificed. The
maidens must willingly agree and must be Kinfolk or
Garou. (Needless to say, even were the Chariot to be
found it would rarely be activated, and Garou are
almost never used as the sacrifice.)

However, the Chariot's effects are consider-
ably powerful. By driving the Chariot around an
area in a circle, the area within that circle is
blessed with fertility. Any plant life within the
area grows at five times its normal rate for a year,
becoming incredibly fertile and abundant. This
does not exhaust the soil. Animals likewise grow
in number, though to not quite the same extent.
And finally (and most importantly to the Garou),
any pregnant Kin or Garou within the circle at

Hammer and Klaive

ain,


the time of the Chariot's activation have a 50%
chance of giving birth to Garou, a very large
increase from their normal chances of 10%.

Story Hooks: Stag's Chariot is an interesting case
for a legendary fetish in that its legend notably departs
from what it actually does. You can use this fact in a
number of ways for a chronicle.

Baiting and switching is one option. Present
your players with the legend, and once they finally
find the Chariot they find it has vastly different
properties. This could be done to challenge the
players' assumptions. (Especially if the person they
were hoping to bring back from the dead died in a
way they approved of.)

Another choice is for the player characters to try
and find a way to make the Chariot bring people back
from the dead. Can it be done? If so, how?

S0k of Rypobboka

The Legend: There are very few times that the
Garou are glad that a fetish is lost, but this book
whose name is rarely dared spoken (at least, by the
Garou, ) is one of them. Madness has a way of leading
to genius, and so it is unsurprising that the madness
that infests the Black Spiral Dancers eventually
yielded something of tremendous horror. Wypertilnt,
a Black Spiral Dancer Galliard, wrote the first page
of the book. According to legend, he one day re-
nounced his life, went Ronin and wandered the
wastelands. Every animal he saw, he gazed upon and
it followed him with death in its eyes and the taste
for blood on its tongue. Predators or prey, it mat-
tered not. He led this army of insects, cats, wolves,
horses and other animals to a large settlement of
humans, and unleashed them upon the settlement
as he in turn entered and butchered, tortured, and
raped all within it. This place was named Rytolthoka.
When a Garou pack finally caught up to him, they
saw him sitting cross-legged on a three-meter high
pile of dead bodies, both animal and human. The
book sat in his lap.

So they slaughtered him... and then never re-
turned. And pack after pack followed to find the last,
and no word came until one, finally, showed more
prudence than courage and returned with the truth of
what had happened. Rytolthoka had become a black
cancer upon the world, spreading ever onwards and
burning everything it touched into ash and tar.

Perhaps because nothing so truly evil can ever stay
dormant, or perhaps because the Wyrm himself di-
rectly intervened, the Book returned again and again.
There are Get of Fenris who swear the truth of an
ancient legend that saw the book arise in the hands of

a.
4%

Seer ere ren cre ere coe aver ce res mnarremsenerenh

a Black Spiral sept, and two hundred of the Fenrir, half
of them werewolves and half Kin, died to rid the book
from their hands. Another legend comes from the
Glass Walkers, who state that the book found Rome
and for two weeks the city did naught but kill, rape and
eat each other, and yet this tale has never found the
history books. That this tribe, who puts more stock in
such human history than any other, still shakes at this
tale makes many Garou pale indeed. And in the Wild
West, a Fianna Ahroun by the name of Seaghdh Road-
of-Claws protected his sept from overwhelming forces
by daring to read the Book — and write in it. He
became possessed and could not stop writing, and his
mind grew poisoned. When the sept knew he finally
must be killed, four packs died to bring him down.

Since then, the Book has lain silent and unfound.
All fear its return. All dread the prospect of the Black
Spiral Dancers finding it once more.

The Fetish: The Book of Rytolthoka is massive,
at least four inches thick and bound in thick black
cowhide leather. Upon its surface are eight runes that
no Garou can understand but which mean "Knowl-
edge," "God," "Disease," "Pain," "Shame," "Love,"
"Darkness" and "Soul," written ina counterclockwise
circle in that order. Once opened, the book is filled
with writings in the same runic language that fill
every page except the last three. No matter how
much is written in the book, there will always be
three empty pages.

Activating the Book of Rytolthoka initially seems
todo nothing. It simply remains. However, every time
thereafter the activator sees the Book they will need to
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) to avoid writing in
it. (Such writing is clearly guided by some source,
either the book or something... else.) Every time the
user writes in the Book they progress down the runic
circle upon the cover. Ironically, none of the writings
in the book are actually important. (Although Story-
tellers may decide they provide clues to the nature and
secrets of the book's construction, etc.)

What's more, they feel compelled to look at the
book often — If they have not seen the book that day,
they must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 10!) to
avoid looking at the book at least once before they can
sleep. Those who have the book stolen from them thus
lead miserable existences and will go to great lengths
to procure it once more.

Every step down the runic circle creates a differ-
ent effect for the writer. The first, "Knowledge" is
the simplest — the user can now read the runic
language of the book. "God" is the one that makes
the Book so powerful. Upon reaching God, all suc-

124

Hammer and Klaive

i a a

cesses the bearer makes on any roll are doubled. This
effect never wears off.

From there, however, it's all downhill. "Disease" is
exactly that; the bearer becomes plagued with ill-
nesses, all of which are contagious. Boils and open
sores become frequent. Appearance drops by one, as
does Stamina. "Pain" subjects the bearer to bouts of
crippling agony. Every time the bearer makes a Physi-
cal roll, failure causes a shooting pain through their
body, which she endures for one turn before being able
to act again. And "Shame" produces a powerful sense
of disapproval from others and disregard for the bearer's
own accomplishments. The difficulty for all rolls in-
creases by 1, except for Rage rolls, whose difficulty
drops by 2.

"Love" produces an empathy with any whom the
bearer has hurt over the years, including those they
have killed. Soon, an incredible self-hatred builds up
as the bearer fails to see her own life as anything
positive. Should the user's Willpower ever reach zero
after this stage, she instantly enters Harano. (This is
the only stage in which Black Spiral Dancers react
differently; most instead glory in their own destruc-
tion. These ones feel no pull to Harano but instead
have the +1 difficulty penalty removed, though their
Rage rolls remain at -2 difficulty.)

"Darkness" seals the bearer's fate. Her mind is now
utterly under the Wyrm's control. (Or, if not the
Wyrm, then whatever spirit drives the Book.) Story-
tellers may ask players who reach this point to relin-
quish control of the character, or may conspire with
the player to create a ‘sleeper agent' out of them.
Finally, "Soul" has a very simple effect — it kills the
character instantly. Those who die meet a horrible end
as they turn to ash and tar.

Story Hooks: The Book of Rytolthoka can be
used in a host of ways, both as a feared weapon in the
hands of the enemy or as a deadly deal with the devil
in the hands of the Garou. How does the enemy use it?
Do they simply all begin writing in it until they reach
the awesomely powerful "God" rune? If so, will the
enemy eventually implode as they fall prey to the
dangers the Book presents? Or does the enemy have a
more ritualistic way of using it? One possibility for a
very epic chronicle would be to use the Book as the
kickstart of the Apocalypse — A Black Spiral Dancer
Theurge finds the book, writes in it once and then finds
the blasphemous ritual that starts once again what
began in Rytolthoka, turning the entire world into tar
andash. Also consider the possibility of a "hunt for the
lost fetish" game with a twist, in which the players are
pack desperately seeking to destroy a Black Spiral pack
before they find it.


In the hands of the Garou, the book could be
introduced to one of the players as a tempting lure or
a tale of damnation as the rest of the pack tries to find
a way to save them, perhaps too late. Or, it could be
secretly owned by someone within the sept, their dark

secret. If so, why have they kept it to themselves?

a,

Finally, the question of Rytolthoka also could be
answered. Where is it? Is it a real place in the physical
realm? Does it now exist only in the Umbra? Perhaps,
given its history, it exists in the Atrocity Realm. Any
of the stories involving the Book might end up in
Rytolthoka.

Chapter Four: Power Embodied 125

Nn a ee

|

main books

Ww 3sor
$29.95 US.

The core rulebook of the
game of Savage Horror. Hardcover.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK
Ww3z05
$18.00US.

All the secrets that Werewolf
Storytellers need to know.

tribe books

» a Ae

TRIBEBOOK: BLACK FURTES
(REVISED)
WW3851 $14.95

LITANY OF THETRIBES VOLUME?
WW3380 $20.00 U.S.
Combines the Children of Gaia, Bone

Gnawers and Black Furies Tribebooks.
TRIBEBOOK: BONE GNAWERS

(REVISED)
WW3852 $14.95 ULS..S.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME 2
WW 3381 $20.00 U.S.

Combines the Get of Fenris, Fianna
and Glasswalkers Tribebooks.

WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE (REVISED)

WEREWOLF PLAYERS GUIDE SECOND EDITION

$25.00US.

All kinds of new rules and
Traits for Werewolf players.

WW3108

Tribebooks contain vital character information for players and Storytellers.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME3
WW3382 $20.00 U.S.

Combines the Red Talons, Shadowlords
and Silent Striders Tribebooks.

LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME 4
WW3383 $22.95 U.S.
Combines the Silver Fangs, Stargazers,

Uktena and Wendigo Tribebooks.

other supplements

ANANAST
WW3082 $17.95 U.S.

Rules for playing the shapechanging spider-
people of the World of Darkness

ART OF WEREWOLF:
THE APOCALYPSE

WW3803 $14.95 U.S.

The lavishly illustrated art book that
accompanied the Werewolf limited edition
now available individually.

AXIS MUNDI:
THE BOOK OF SPIRITS

WW3067 $18.00 U.S.

Details Gaia's family of spirits, from
mighty totems to the Naturae of trees,
stones and rivers.

BASTET

WW3075 $18.00 U.S.

The secrets of the elusive werecats
revealed.

BOOK OF THE WEAVER
WW3209 $19.95 U.S

Learn the'secrets of ast most powerful

member of the Triat, one of the greatest
forces the Garou know.

BOOK OF THE WYLD
WW3113 $17.95 US.

Explore the source of all creation in this
book detailing the Wyld's awesome power.

BOOK OF THE WYRM
SECOND EDITION
WW3109 $18.00 U.S.

The cosmic enemy of the Garou revealed

CHRONICLE OF

THE BLACK LABYRINTH
WW3404 $12.95 U.S.

A compilation of Wyrm lore, collected
from eyewitness accounts throughout the
ages.

CORAX

WW3077 $15.00 U.S.

This Changing Breed Book details the
society of the wereravens.
CROATAN SONG

WW3112 $17.95 US.

Werewolves in Pre-Columbian North
America.

FREAK LEGION: A PLAYERS
GUIDE TO FOMORT
WW3066 $12.00 U.S.

Now you can play a fomor, courtesy of
Pentex, Black Dog Game Factory and the
Wyrm! For adults only.

GUARDIANS OF THE CAERNS
WW3212 $15.95 U.S.

The sourcebook about the secret lairs of
werewolves.

GURAHL

WW3079 $17.95 U.S.

The werebears rise from their slumber in
this Changing Breed Book.

HENGEYOKAT:
SHAPESHIFTERS OF THE EAST
WW 3063 $20.00 U.S.

Witness — and play — the shapechangers
of the Far East.

KINFOLK: UNSUNG HEROES
WW3074 $15.00 US.

Offers information for p' be laying the mortal
kin of Garou or even the kin of other
Changing Breeds.

MOKOLE
WW3081 $19.95 U.S,

Details the werecrocodilians of the World
of Darkness.

NAGAH
WW3084 $19.95 U.S.

NUWISHA

WW3076 $12.00 U.S.

Spotlights the werecoyotes, trickstets par
excellence.

RAGE ACROSS EGYPT
WW3114 $17.95 U.S.

RAGE ACROSS THE HEAVENS
WW3110 $19.95 US.

A bock'shout Garou prophecies and
celestial influences, detailing the greater
forces at work in the Umbral skies and
providing many heavenly Gifts.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUME
ee $20.00 U.S

Combines Caems: Places of Power and
Rage Across Russia.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUME 3

WW23071 $18.00 U.S.

Combines Rage Across New York and
Rage Across the Amazon.

RATKIN

WW3080 $19.95 U.S.

The Ratkin take their rightful place
among the werebeasts with this Changing

Breed Book.

ROKEA

WW3083 $17.95 U.S.

A complete reference to the savage and
deadly weresharks,

THE SILVER RECORD
WW3210 $14.95 U.S.

The fabled account of Garou origins.

Tradeback.

SUBSIDIARTES:
AGUIDETO PENTEX
WW3211 $17.95 US.

The divisions of the Wyrm's industrial
conglomerate revealed.

VUABRA (REVISED)
WW3111 $19.95 US.

A essential guide to the spirit world of
the Garou.

WEREWOLF: THE DARK AGES
WW3800 $21.95 U.S

Rule for playing medieval sha apechangets. A
crossover with Vampire: The Dark Ages.

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
VOLUMET

WW 23207 $15.00 US.

Combines Werewolf: Rite of Passage and
Valkenberg Bound ations

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
VOLUME 2

WW3208 $15.00 U.S.
Combines Ways of the Wolf and
Monkeywrench! Pentex.

AWORLD OF RAGE
WW3213 $19.95 US.
Updates players and Ste
struggle of Garou across t

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS
COMPANTON

WW3802 $14.95 U.S.

The essential screen and resource
book for Werewolf Storytellers.

tellers on the
¢ globe.

for more information visit us online:

EE

www.white-wolf.com

Se: Te wer rE

wot

APOCALYPSE |

F



Living Metal and Thundering Bone
A silver knife twists in mid-blow, striking unerringly at a foe's heart as if it were alive. A

unstoppable.

May the se Guide My
lade
_ Hammer and Klaive is the ultimate guide to fetishes — the magical

weapons and tools of Werewolf: The Apocalypse, each one

‘\\ _ 4 empowered by a spirit and granted the supernatural power to do
\ J the impossible. With this book,
players can find new fetishes

that their characters can aspire
to attain or even create, and
Storytellers can arm both allies

The next Excalibur is just waiting to
be wrested from the stone — or plunged
into an enemy's heart.

ee Lae

CAME STUDIO

) dagger made from a great beast's fang bites deeper into a wound. A whirling bullroarer calls
up a thunderstorm, and a simple reed flute lulls a monster into sleep. With the help of the 4
spirits, the impossible becomes easy. With the right fetish in hand, a werewolf becomes ©

and enemies with new, deadly toys. &
