# File: Haunts.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for
Wraith: The Oblivion"


|




NPR «= Written by: Bill Bridges, Jackie Cassada, Richard Dansky,
SM) Harry Heckel, an Lemke, Judith McLaughlin, James A. Moore,
Ehrik Winters
Developed b:
Edited by: Cynthia Summers, Robert Hatch
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Art: Dave Allsop, Stuart Beel, Tom Berg, John Cobb,

jennifer Hartshorn

Cover Art: George Pratt, Henry Higgenbotham
Cover Design: Shaggy Dixon
Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Psa) 4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
"o, ABS rin: Hr, Gh 3083
USA

GAME STUDIO

©1994 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is ex-
pressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Wraith:
the Oblivion, Haunts, Vampire: the Masquerade,
Werewolf: the Apocalypse, and Mage: the Ascension are
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or
copyrights concerned.

Special Thanks

Andrew "Outta Here" Greenberg, for having the sense
to stay clear of the Grande Masquerade.

Bill "Blackbeard" Bridges, for not using the obvious
come-on line.

Phil "Gravity Check" Brucato, for vowing to be a one-
woman man.

Jennifer "Kenneth. Helena. Romantic Undergarments."
Hartshorn, for blissing out on Gothic Romance.

Ian "Anacreon of Bondage" Lemke, for being the
Doomshade of Depravity.

Mike "What Do You Mean I'm First?!" Tinney, for mak-
ing an Ash of himself at Nocturnia.

Ken "Stay Away From My House" Cliffe, for keeping
his new property safe from the revelers.

Cynthia "Twoo Wuv" Summers, for what she found at
El Taco Grande. Awww.

Erin "What Con?" Kelly, for being fettered to the regis-
tration desk the whole weekend.

What's New With White Wolf

Check out White Wolf's online services, including
our gaming company support on AOL,
alt.games.whitewolf on the Internet and our own "offi-
cial" MUSH, the Storyteller's Circle at draco.unm.edu
6666. Our monthly conferences to discuss upcoming prod-
ucts have been a big hit, so for all the latest dirt on Vam-
pire, Werewolf, Mage, Wraith, Street Fighter, Mind's Eye
Theater, Changeling and White Wolf Magazine, stop by!

Haunts


introduction

hapter Two:
apter Three
hapter four:
apter five:
apter Six: B
hapter Seven
hapter Eieht

(
(
(
(
(
(
(
(

Appendix: Haunt Creation

JC)

apter One-Tilinghast Mansion

Hermitage Castle
‘Richmond Capitol
he Sepulcra of Bone
he Hanging Gardens

ackheard s Cove
: Uprising in Dublin
Katyn Mir

Table of Contents


While that my soul repairs to her devotion,
Here I entomb my flesh, that it betimes

May take acquaintance of this heap of dust;
To which the blast of death's incessant motion,
Fed with the exhalation of our crimes,

Drives all at last.

—George Herbert, "Church Monuments"

aunts are one place in the World of Dark-
ness where the Gothic part of Gothic-Punk
reigns supreme. Among the ruins and crum-
bling foundations, the ancient stone chap-
els and towers and the creepy old mansions,
there is a sense of history, of lives lived and
half-forgotten in the mists of time. They are places where the
Living feel distinctly uneasy, knowing that they trespass on
ground belonging to someone else from another time. Here,
the powers of Death reign supreme, and the Quick are well-
advised to leave these places to their ghostly guardians. The

resonance of times past echoes out to contemporary passers-
by, giving each place an aura of nostalgia, layered over the
chill of death that permeates all Haunts.

roduction

In a Haunt, the Shroud that forms the barrier between
the lands of the Quick and the Dead is thinner, making it easier
for wraiths to use Arcanos that effect the Skinlands. As a re-
sult, Haunts become places where the Restless Dead congr
gate, where they feel more at home. Because many Haunts
were once the scenes of a great number of deaths, or were once
places beloved of many among the Quick, most Haunts gener-
ate a certain amount of Memoriam, which may be collected
by its Circle as Pathos. This fear or nostalgia generated on the
part of the living collects at a Haunt, and as a result can be-
come a sort of emotional power source in its own right.

Introduction

Within are eight Haunts representing the Hierarchy,
Heretics, and Renegades, as well as one Haunt that is not
claimed by any one faction. Each Haunt includes a complete
description of the area as well as statistics for several of the

wraiths who frequent the Haunt. These Haunts can be used in
a Chronicle which brings the characters to that area for one
reason or another or to assist in providing models and ideas for
your own Haunt creation. Also included in each section are a
number of story ideas generated by the Haunt and further ideas
on how to integrate the Haunt into a larger Chronicle.

Each of the Haunts within has its own distinct theme and
mood, ranging from a Lovecraftian mansions in Providence,
RI, to the desolate remains of a village in Byelorussia. Heretics
pursue Transcendence in seedy casinos and bleak sepulcras, as
Renegades refuse to give up their fights from the Carolina coast
to the streets of Dublin. But in each, there is a sense of fore-
boding, a feeling that in these places more than others, the
Dead may cross the Shroud to once more touch the world of
the Living. While these places may seem desolate to mortals,
it is in here that wraiths can once more reach the world they
left behind, to become, if only for a moment, a part of the
Living world long since lost to them. While this sense of a
community of the Dead is distinctly unnerving to mortals,
wraiths flock to these spots, and they often become meeting-
places for others among the Restless with common goals and
ideas.

Let these Haunts inspire you to tell stories of tragedy, bit-
terness and hope, of creatures of passion whose existence is
fragile and threatened at every turn by the encroaching possi-
bility of Oblivion. Make these places your own, and let their
eerie ambience permeate the Necropoli in which they are set.


Aspects of a Haunt

Haunts appear differently to the Quick and the Dead, with
some of them appearing as ruins in the Living world, only to
exist as fully formed, if dilapidated, buildings in the
Shadowlands. Others stand intact in the Skinlands, while their
ghostly counterparts appear fragile and broken-down. Regard-
less of how they appear, Haunts are strongholds to the Rest-
less, sources of precious Memoriam as well as being places where

the Shroud grows thin.

Each Haunt also has a Circle who act as its guardians,
who usually make the Haunt their home in the Shadowlands.
A wraith would be foolish indeed to not attempt to protect a
Haunt in time of strife, for Haunts may provide protection
from Maelstroms and sustenance in the form of Memoriam, as
well as a place to meet with others of the Restless Dead.

A Note on Capitalization

When referring to a place where the
Shroud is weakened, making it corresponding!
easier-for wraiths to effect the physical world,
the word Haunt is capitalized. However, when
referring to a place where wraiths just hang out
that has a normal Shroud rating, haunt is not
capitalized. For more information on what
causes a place to change from a haunt to a
Haunt, see the Appendix, page 126

wat


Memoriam Level: 3

1 am Providence

— epitaph inscribed on the tombstone of H.P. Lovecraft

been horror's play-
Men's

horrors, and horrors that wear the shapes

ew England has always
room, and Providence its cradle.

of men, have stalked the streets from
Brown to Federal Hill long before the first

necrophagous horrors blasphemously in-
festing his beloved city. But among all of the creatures and
beings from Beyond that call Providence home, there survive
and thrive ghosts. Brown University knows them, as do the
Italian neighborhoods ringing the ruined steeple of a shattered
church. More importantly, the ghosts know Providence. It is
their city, a domain in which even Kindred durst tread but
lightly. Ambrose Tillinghast rules here, with the might of the
Hierarchy in his
will, and thus far no wraith has thwarted that will. From their
palatial manor on Angell Street, the Tillinghasts reach out and
encompass their Necropolis, just as the other ghostly residents of
that Necropolis reach out and embrace all of Providence.

st and the spirits of his family to work his

The Marvellous Sunse City
The Tillinghast Mansion

By Richard Dansky

Haunt Level: 3

¥| Angell Street scribe penned a tale of

Providence

[git Manson

ral oddly shaped topiaries dot the expanse of lawn;
led "Yorick" by the students, seems to mimic in ve
dure the shape of a huge skull. The university Wiccan organi-
zation, claiming that "Yorick" was in fact a representation of
the Green Man, once attempted to conduct a

Tillinghast property. This was never attempted
survivors of the original effort have been uniform in their si-
lence concerning what actually occurred.

Chapter os The Tillinghast Mansi

The house itself, a handsome representation of the Colo-
nial period, is maintained well enough on the outside. Three
stories tall, resplendent in white paint, it is often pointed out
to campus visitors as a historical landmark and an architec-

tural masterpiece. Immediately afterward, the visitors are told

the stories of shifting chalk outlines on the basement floors,
beckoning ghosts at windows, and a seaweed-dripping spirit
who walks the halls at night shouting, "Sarey!" At this, the
visitors usually laugh, and the tour guides do as well, and the
other, darker stories are left unmentioned.

The house holds three floors plus a basement, though the
top floor is an attic, which no locksmith has ever been able to
open. Were the door someday forced (a direct violation of the
terms under which the house was deeded to the school), a trea-
sure trove of Colonial artifacts would be found. Rather, would
have been found: now most are moldering to dust.

The various rooms of the house are furnished as they were
in life, though the furniture itself is collapsing with the weight
of years and dry rot. Various bedrooms' original occupants can

be surmised from the furnishings: Civil War items must have

belonged to the famed Sander, while a broken spyglass could

only have been Ca

1. Ambrose's, and a decayed quilt may even

have belonged to Mad Sarey, who died locked up in the attic
The items have never been catalogued properly. Some few
items were rescued for the Tillinghast permanent exhibit at
the John Hay Library; the rest were left to time and termites.
Both have done their worst.

On the first floor are two rooms of note: the ballroom and
the library. The former is merely a long hall with a polished
wooden floor, but one that is curiously free of dust. Perhaps
this is because of the constant whispering breeze that sweeps
the room, though the whispers would seem to be more con-
stant than the breezes. The library is immediately adjacent to
this room and is remarkable only for the curious gap in the row

of decaying Bibles opposite the fireplace. No explanation has
yet been made for this oddity.

The basement is where, in the Shadowlands, David
Tillinghast trains his troops and barghests. Thus, in the

Skinlands it is a disquieting place, full of vague shadows and

the sound of claws clicking on stone. There exists no detailed
description of what the basement actually looks like, as no
researcher has ever been able to stay in the room long enough
to sketch it properly. David takes a certain pride in this, and

even more in the fact that while his ancestral home certainly

has a reputation among the Quick as "haunted," it is not the
sort of reputation that requires constant reaffirmation through
testing. Rather, it is the sort of reputation that has been well
earned, and with which no one dares to trifle.


history

The Tillinghast mansion, as it is known now, was erected
in 1762 on the site of an earlier residence. According to Ward's
superb The First Families and Homes of Colonial Providence,
Captain Ambrose Tillinghast purchased the property of one
Jason Orne, who had fled mysteriously to Philadelphia and
who remained something of a local scandal for years after his
departure. Tillinghast had the old building razed on account
of, as Ward quotes, "the very Divell and divers of his impes
dwelling there." The usually phlegmatic Providence records
indicate that as the Orne residence was being dismantled it
burst into flame of its own accord, and that "Voices like unto
those possessed by Sinners in Hell" were heard from beneath
the ground near the house as the flames rose. Letters recovered
from the period are a trifle more specific; one from the John

ic

Hay Library's Corbin collection notes that "Menne and beasts
did starte that day, for the howle that cam from the Orne house
was one made by no Man's throat, nor no Woman's neither,
and which was made with such anguish&pain that some of
the Women, not knowing the source of the foul sound, de-
manded that the Men of the towne free the poor wretch that
made it from the gaol." Another letter notes how Rev. Graves
his sermon

of King's Church held a special service that day
has been lost, but the title, "The Divell Hath Workes Among
Us," was duly noted.

But the past had been duly eradicated, and upon the ashes
of this shadowed foundation rose the new Tillinghast man-
sion. Ambrose Tillinghast was a rich man, his fleet second
only to neighbor Joseph Corbin's in size, and his ships brought
in rum from Jamaica as well as curiously carved golden orna-
ments from the South Seas. Tillinghast was a man of action,
as evidenced by his part in the sinking of the revenue schoo-
ner Josheé, and he refused to let his tremulous neighbors' fears
of what might have once dwelt where his family now resided
shake his determination to remain on Angell Street for the
rest of his days. It was commonly recorded that he horse-
whipped Ammi Weeden up and down Pound Alley, as Weeden
had stated that "Orne had left the keyes to the Mansion in
Hell for Tillinghast to pick up at his leisure," and any talk of
monsters that had inhabited the premises was met with a hearty
laugh and a claim that he had seen worse monsters in the South
Seas than Providence could ever offer. His sailors would agree

with this, and sometimes, over rum in the darkest taverns Provi-
dence could offer, they would complain that Tillinghast was not
content to see monsters, but had to trade with them as well.
Tillinghast may have traded with an unsavory clientele,
but he did his duty as a patriot when war with England came.
His vessels, outfitted as privateers, did much damage to His
Majesty's fleet. His Majesty's fleet did damage to the Tillinghast
family, though; the guns of the Serapis sent both the Sarey
Tillinghast and her master to the bottom in 1779. His son,
Ezra, assumed the reins of the family's fortunes while his mother,

Ch. eee ae ES

Sarah Tillinghast, and his sister, Rebecca, remained closeted
within the family mansion. By 1792, Sarah was never seen
out of doors, and when asked of the matter, Ezra would mumble
darkly that Mother Sarey was not quite right in the head. The
Tillinghast's neighbors agreed with this assessment, for there
is much in the Corbin collection about "daft Sarey T." who
"claimes to see her dead Husband, home from the Sea gar-
landed like Neptune with Weedes." Further elaboration of
the myth notes that others did in fact see the weed-festooned
form of the late Captain Tillinghast. Particularly susceptible
to these manifestations were those who had trucked with
Tillinghast in years past, especially those who had bought the
weirdly twisted gold ornaments that the Sarey had brought back
from the savage isles of the South Seas. While Ward neglects
this detail, Corbin mentions one Prudence Mason, who claimed
that the ghost tried to strangle her by means of her gold necklace,
and that the creature nearly succeeded before she removed the
unseemly ornament. Local opinion, though, was that Prudence
was known to have dwelt in Salem before marrying into the Ma-
sons, and as such could be dismissed as somewhat excitable.

Sarey Tillinghast was a local woman, and thus the news
that Ezra had been forced to confine his mother within the
house's attic had been met with somewhat less than universal
approval. Despite the rumblings of the town, though, Sarey
stayed in the attic, growing slowly madder and madder, seen
() only as a shadowy presence at a curtained window. Her funeral in
1803 came as a surprise; most of her surviving acquaintances had
assumed that she'd been quietly buried years earlier.

These years brought joy as well as sorrow to the Tillinghast
family, for in 1787 Rebecca married one Gilles du Erlette, a
French noble fallen upon hard times. The wedding was cel-
ebrated in the mansion itself, and never had it looked so gay.
A thousand candles lit the halls, music poured forth over the
4 floors, and (it was rumored) even Capt. Tillinghast himself
took part in the festivities. The last was laughed at by all right-
thinking souls who attended the wedding, but there remained
the question of the curious rings, gold yet with a greenish tinge,
left as a present for the happy bride and groom by some un-
known guest who bore strongly the scent of the sea. The couple
lived happily in the mansion, as Ezra was hardly ever in resi-
dence, and they were blessed with two sons, John and Napthali.

It was not until almost the turn of the century that the
# first rumors surfaced of precisely why the dashing Baron du
Erlette had been forced to flee to Providence well ahead of
that tumultuous revolution sparked by our own. Indeed, if the
Revolution shook many ripe to be plucked from the tree of
state, it can be said that du Erlette had fallen at the kiss of the
slightest breeze. He was well liked in Providence, handsome
with Gallic ease, and ever considerate to his Rebecca. Nor
did he ever want for money, and he was not stinting with his
civic spirit when it came to his adopted home. In 1798, Ward
records that, when some foul fiend stalked the streets of Provi-
4 dence, waylaying at least a dozen solitary nocturnal travelers,

g 14

du Erlette was the leader of the noble band that risked life and
limb to find and receive satisfaction from the killer. The fact
that the vigilante band never actually caught the murderer
must surely be considered irrelevant. After all, the risk was
taken and the fiend would seem to have been supernaturally
clever; in truth, the killer restricted his activities solely to those
nights on which the citizens' band did not march,

As the baron was such a beloved figure, certain disquiet-
ing rumors surely spawned by jealous rivals were discounted as
being motivated solely by a green-eyed monster with whom
even Capt. Tillinghast had not traded. But then came the
return of Dexter Wilmarth from the Continent. Motivated by
love of freedom, Wilmarth had fought against the rotting mon-
archy in France, and when he returned to a hero's welcome,
he did his best to fill the role by spewing reminiscences as care-
lessly as a drunken painter slops his wares. One of the most
popular stories was also one of the wildest: a tale of sacking a
venerable mansion in Rochefort and finding, instead of gold
or silver, a veritable sea of bones lapping up against the villa's
walls. Once or twice, he even swore as to how some of the
bones which he'd glimpsed could not even be called strictly hu-
man. Rather, he said, they were like unto those of an ape or
gorilla, except for the leering, grinning skulls. These, he swore,
looked more like those of a wolf.

When pressed for a name at whose feet credit for this char-
nel masterpiece could be laid, at first he demurred. Surely the
shock of finding one of the hated French aristocracy toasted
and beloved in his own precious Providence, combined with
the fact that said aristocrat was renowned for doting on his
wife, the sweetheart of Wilmarth's youth, was responsible for
the terrible accusation that was later heard to drip from
Wilmarth's lips. This was jealousy speaking, not truth, for surely
no living man who had stood with du Erlette on the streets of
Providence at midnight could credit Wilmarth's sworn word
that the arms carved above that benighted door were the same
that now hung over the mantle in the Tillinghast mansion.
Loup-garou, Wilmarth called du Erlette, and as the night took
its slow paces toward dreary dawn, the prodigal's tales of du Erlette's
atrocities grew wilder. Perhaps it was well that dawn eventually
did come, for who knows what Wilmarth might have concocted
to discredit his rival had night crawled on interminably?

No sane man could possibly credit Wilmarth's tales, yet it
now appeared that Providence had become as some massive
asylum, the prisoners free to destroy whatever fetched their ire
so long as it stood within the city. Old grudges were dusted
off: the mistreatment of Sarey by Ezra, Captain Ambrose's sup-
posedly eldritch trading partners, and others. New complaints
were invented: the inordinate amount of meat purchased for
the new mansion on Angell Street, the uncanny way in which
Napthali and John could silence any of their-playmateswwith:
but a stare, the dancing lights supposedly spotted in Ezra's quat-
ters even when he was away at sea, the‘way in Which dogs"
undeniably shied away from du Erlette on the street.


It was Goody Mason's son Roger who led the mob that
descended upon the Angell Street mansion that fateful
Roodmass night. The doors they burst asunder, yet they ad-
vanced no farther than the atrium. There, lying on the stairs
in rag-doll splendor, lay Rebecca and Napthali du Erlette,
drowned. Dr. West, of the Newport Wests, produced some
wonderment when he pronounced that both corpses had been
submerged in sea water for some hours in order to achieve the
state in which they were found. The fact that not one man
pointed out the impossibility of this must be laid at the feet of
poor record-keeping, and the detail that a strand of seaweed
was found wrapped neatly around Rebecca's wedding band was
accounted no more than a ghoulish coincidence.

Du Erlette, of course, escaped. Succeeding months pro-
duced rumors that he had been sighted in locales ranging from
Georgia to Canada. In particular, du Erlette was allegedly spot-
ted a half-dozen times in the vicinity of Philadelphia, the city
to which the mysterious Orne of such ill repute had earlier
fled. However, he haunted Providence no more.

The same could not be said, though, of the unfortunate
Tillinghasts. Ezra, crushed, hired tutors and nannies to see to
John's upbringing but himself remained almost constantly at
sea. John grew to manhood almost alone in the empty, cav-
ernous splendor of his shadowed home. He was a sickly man,
much given to fits, and the news of his uncle's death in Sumatra
in 1823 did him much harm. At this point John cast off the
ghoulish name that had been his inheritance from his father
and took up once again the proud surname "Tillinghast"; that
very day the madwoman in the attic was seen for the very first
time. Many glimpsed the lovely face and the beckoning, skel-
etal hand; a few who were of an age to remember could be
heard to swear that the ghost was the very image of Sarey
Tillinghast.

John, however, continued to dwell in the shadowed man-
sion. In 1834 he wed, selecting for his bride a fair yet pale and
tremulous girl from Attleboro, Massachusetts named beth
Armitage. She bore John a pair of sons, David and Sander, yet
perished in childbirth as she brought Sander into this world.
John mourned deeply, yet he was a private man and let few see
his anguish. Sander and David grew into manhood, and when
the Union called them to its colors they did not hesitate to
answer. John feared for them, but let them go. David was.
commissioned a colonel in the 4th Rhode Island; Sander re-
ceived the rank of lieutenant. Their unit marched with the
Amy of the Potomac faithfully, and both Tillinghasts served
with distinction. General Hooker personally commended
David in a letter to General Halleck, and a copy of that mis-
sive can be seen in the Tillinghast archives at the John Hay
Library to this day. Still, no commendation, no matter how
effusive, may serve a manasa shield against the terrible scythe
of battle. Serving under Sumner, the 4th Rhode Island was
selected to lead the assault on the Confederate position at
Fredericksburg.

Chapter One: The Tillinghast Mansion 15


The attempt was valiant but doomed. The positions on
Marye's Heights were impregnable, and the unit lost most of
its men in the first hour of combat. . David Tillinghast was
registered among the dead, while the recently promoted Cap-
tain Sander Tillinghast had his knee smashed by a minie ball.
The shattered limb was amputated, and Sander returned home
toa bitter surprise. John Tillinghast had been given tidings of
Fredericksburg well ahead of all other sources of news in the

H, city — none could say how. "My boys," were his last words as
a mortal; then he laid himself upon the bed he had left empty
since his E
breathed his gentle last.

beth had died those many years before, and

inder lived on alone in the mansion until 1904, when
ill health finally carried him off to the waiting arms of his fam-
ily. He never married, and at his death he left the house and
the entire Tillinghast forcune to Brown University on the con-
ditions that the house not be sold, the house's exterior be main-
tained, and the house itself remain empty. The fortune in ques-
f tion was more than sufficient to excuse these eccentricities,
ted the offer with alacrity.

and the university a
Some of the gold coins from the bequest still sit beneath

¥ glass cases in the venerable halls of the archaeology depart-
Y ment, though undergraduates have often requested that the
Some feel disconcerted by the fish-faced
aring glassily in bas-relief from the gold. The currency

¥ coins be covered

men s
itself has never been traced, and the theory currently in vogue

among self-styled academics who dabble in such matters is that
the golden circles are relics from Ambrose's rumor-darkened
f trade in the South Seas.

Since 1904, though, the house has sat silent, save for the
occasional foolhardy visitor. The library remains intact, the
carpe
ture could not support so light a touch as gossamer without

are moldering rather than worn, and most of the furni-

crumbling. On several occasions, efforts have been made to

turn the home into a museum, or alternately to allow Brown
to use the mansion as Brown might see fit. These attempts
have all come to naught, though, with startling abruptness.
And so the house sits, alone with its ghosts, enjoying its well-
earned privacy. As for those foolish enough to tempt those
spirits whom the walls keep, their fate is their own.

Captain Ambrose Tillinghast

In a nutshell, the Tillinghast family mansion's history can

be defined as twisted love at its purest. The mysterious Orne,
s' inhabi-

owner of the terrible location before the Tillingh:
tation, was in fact a barabbi mage of a rather gruesome subsect
of the Order of Hermes dedicated to methods by which Things
from outside even the Nephandi's ken might be raised. So re-
pugnant and dangerous were the actions of this group that by
the time Orne was forced to flee to Philadelphia only two oth-
ers of his particular magical persuasion had not been extermi-
nated by horrified servants of the Traditions.

i 16

Haunts

1 «Captain Ambrose Tillinghast

The flight south to Pennsylvania was made in such haste,
though, that the fleeing mage was unable to take with him, or
even to destroy, all of his books and other magickal parapher-
nalia. These remnants Ambrose Tillinghast found, and the
captain refused to return them to their original owner when
requested to through clandestine channels. Instead, he proved
a quick study. Awakened to his new powers by the tomes he
out his newfound powers.

had discovered, he longed to tes
Within a number of years, Tillinghast's ships sailed spirit realms
and touched at ports washed by seas of dreaming. Further-
more, he taught as much as he could of what he had learned to
his son. His wife and daughter Ambrose attempted to shield
from the secrets he had learned, but he could not shield him-
self from Orne's wrath. An oddly carved apple sunk in a tub in
Philadelphia was what truly sent the Sarey Tillinghast to the
bottom, and Captain Tillinghast, as was fitting, went with her.

He went, though, with a mind clouded by foreboding. His
son was as yet half-trained, his wife was showing signs of hav-
ing peeked into books he had thought hidden from her, and
his home might yet be destroyed by Orne or whatever other
». Quite aware of the hand behind
his demise, he willed himself to a sunless shore while most of

forces the man could rai

his crew perished. There he impressed upon no less a person-
age than a Ferryman the necessity of his return to Providence.
With this remarkable companion, Tillinghast returned to
Necropolis Providence, at that time a power vacuum as Hier-
archy and Renegade forces jostled for control. After dropping
him off, the Ferryman took his leave of Providence, never to
be seen again. By dint of his new but burgeoning ghostly pow-


ers, Tillinghast quickly installed himself as virtual monarch of
Un-Providence. As his seat of authority he selected, to no
one's surprise, his old mansion.

While the Restless of Providence moved to his whim, only
one of the living could see Tillinghast with any sort of consis
tency. That was of course mad Sarey, who had indeed turned

more than one forbidden page in the library Ambrose had
thought well-hidden. Still desperately in love with her,
Ambrose appeared to her often and, in all probability, speeded
the unraveling of her mind. Sorrowing, he swore to atone to
her once she joined him, in her own time, on the other side of
the Shroud. Then came du Erlette.

The Frenchman's plan was fiendish: informed by Orne of
Rebecca Tillinghast's existence, he intended to romance and
marry her, eliminate Ezra, and, once the mansion fell into his
hands, strip it of mundane and magickal goods alike. The
children were a lucky accident; there are innumerable uses to
which a plump young boy can be put when dealing with those
from Outside, and two could only be considered a boon from
Gods other than those men normally thanked.

Ambrose learned of the plot too late, making the rescue of
his daughter and grandson impossible. He could, however, grant
them one gift in atonement for his wrongly bestowed approval of
the match. Even as the mob he, through mortal pawns, had insti-
gated stormed toward the Tillinghast gates, and du Erlette mut-
tered the fatal syllables that would have sealed a hellish fate for
Rebecca and her two children, Tillinghast summoned all of his
powers and gave them the only boon in his power: death, though
one tainted in form by the idiom of his experience. Du Erlette,
upon seeing his plans thwarted in such a bizarre manner, immedi-
ately fled through Ome's old tunnel system. Tillinghast was left
to his sorrow, and with infinite care he Reaped his daughter and
grandson. John had managed to dodge both du Erlette and
Tillinghast, to be found later by his uncle cowering in his
grandmother's arms. Content that the danger was past, Ambrose
let the boy live.

However, the more he brooded upon the subject and the
more his newest subjects appeared at home in their afterlife,
the more Tillinghast considered this decision to be a mistake.
His family needed protection, protection that he could not

provide in his current state. He would need more support than
just a Ferryman's word; he would need more servitors and more
power. Accordingly, he decided that the only place he could
watch over his loved ones thoroughly enough was on the other
side of the Shroud, and that his hand could be the only instru-
ment of their demise.

Devout patriot that he was, he was a political realist and
hence threw in with the side that appeared strongest, the Hi-
erarchy. In exchange for bringing the notoriously liberal Provi-
dence environs strictly under Hierarchy control, he was granted
two divisions of Legionnaires to deploy as he saw fit, as well as
broad discretionary powers. Both have been used freely in the
past few centuries.

The good captain has used the power granted him by the

Hierarchy more or less wisely through the years, and certainly
his reign has been both more stable and less harsh than those
‘ors' puppets. Part of this stems
from the enormous respect he has gained from the community

of most of Charon's succes

of the Restless, regardless of political faction, but perhaps a
more telling reason is his light touch on the affairs of state.
His true concern is with his family and protecting them, even
if doing so means killing them first. He manipulated their
lives so that none would die the Quiet Death, so that all would
become Restless after crossing the Veil. Then, of course, he
gently Reaped each and every one, from beloved Sarey to al-
most unknown David, and took them into his s
were one of the first families of Providence; in

tvice. In life

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Judge

Circle: Providence Hierarchy

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Leadership 5, Melee 4, Sailing 5
5, Occult 4,

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Law 2, Linguistics
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifact 4 (Spyglass invested with
two dots of projective Pandemonium), Haunt 3, Memoriam 4,
Mentor 5, Notoriety 4, Hierarchy Status 5, Wealth 5
Passions: Protect and dominate his family (Love) 3, Main
tain order and peace in Providence (Duty) 2, Find and kill du
Erlette and Orne (Revenge) 3

Arcanos: Argos 4, Castigate 1, Embody 3, Fatalism 1, Keen-
ing 3, Moliate 5, Outrage 5, Pandemonium 2, Phantasm 5,
Puppetry 2

Fetters: The house, 5; Sarey's grave, 2

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

Shadow: The Monster

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Death's Sigil, Tainted Touch
Shadow Passions: Make all Tillinghasts mindlessly subservi-
ent to his will (Megalomania) 5, Destroy whatever shreds of.
sanity Sarey yet possesses (Guilt) 2, Regain The Book of the
Overseer of the Years (Lust for Power) 2

Image: Dressed in full nautical uniform and garlanded with
cables of seaweed, Capt. Tillinghast exudes presence as much
as he exudes the scent of the sea. A broad-faced man, he ap-
pears to be well over six feet tall and two hundred pounds. He
sports a corncob pipe and a black spade beard, though he has
abandoned his time's custom of sporting a wig. There is a faint

Chapter One: The Tillinghast Mansio 17


Be 3 A ‘
w your family with an iron fist, trusting to them to rule Provi-
Ne

GRY <lence properly. The safety of your family is your driving con-

&Y greenish tinge to his skin, and his footsteps tend to leave wa-

ft ter behind regardless of whether he is in the Shadowlands or
W Skinlands.
f Roleplaying Hints: You are a Babelesque tower of ego. Rule

f cern, mingled with shame at Sarey's fate. By killing your fam-
ily and bringing them under your protection, you are certain
4H) you have protected them from whatever fates worse than death
Orne or du Erlette had in store for them. Obsess on finding
and punishing both Orne and du Erlette; should news of ei-
ther of the pair reach Providence, it will reach your ears first.
Do your best to run Providence well, but your offspring should
be able to oversee the details of that. Yours is the more impor-
tant responsibility: handling them. Make your manner very
bluff and hearty, sprinkling conversation with nautical terms
and colorful profanity.

4 However, should you become displeased, the aforementioned
fist is divested of its velvet glove rapidly. You think nothing of
torture, enslavement, or flat-out annihilation of wraiths who

Y displease you or who present a threat to your family or city.

¥ The most important thing to remember, though, is that you
think of yourself (despite any evidence to the contrary) first,
last, and always as a good man, a good husband, and a good

ather. Always act in accordance with this perception.

§Sarey Tillinghast

The Colonial mob said no good could come of teaching
¥ Sarey Tillinghast more than was right and proper for a woman
f to know, and irony laughed and agreed. Sarey was a brilliant

woman, hamstrung by the mores and customs of her time. She
was fortunate enough to wed a man who could see, however
dimly, past those customs, and Ambrose encouraged her to
follow her interests in whatever direction they took, so long as
she did so quietly. Just beginning his dabblings in sorcery,
Ambrose Tillinghast had no desire to return home and find
that in his absence, his wife had been hanged as a witch.

He did promise her, though, that he would never inter-
fere with her studies; these words he spoke without dreaming
that she would find and open the oddly bound tome he'd hid-
den in a row of Bibles untouched for years. She read its dark
pages, and though her mind was strong, its dark pull was stron-

¥ ger, and madness devoured her. Ambrose's death and subse-
quent return in ghostly form did not aid in her struggle. The
hammer blows of his loss and unearthly return smote her wob-
bling psyche like twin titan thunderbolts, shattering what frag-
ile sanity remained. Much to Ambrose's sorrow, she was rel-
egated to the attic.

One time Ezra returned home to find Sarey with her arms
sunk to the elbows in the book itself, screaming that the flesh
was being stripped from her bones by devouring gelatinous
Things. Ezra helped her pull free, but ever afterward she swore

Haunts

that her arms were mere skeletal remains. She would hold
them up, then, and ask tremulously, "You see them, don't you,
Ambrose?" Invisible to all others, the ghost would sadly nod,
and Sarey would be happy again.

She died, eventually, mad in an attic, and Ambrose him-
self came to welcome her into the realm of the Dead, over a
little of which, at least, he was suzerain. She would be his
queen, and the joy that had been obscured by that horrible
coma called living would be obtained now. Alas, it was not to
be. When, ever so tenderly, he removed her caul and reached
out for her hand, Ambrose found to his horror that the grip of
his beloved was cold, skeletal, and weak. She rose to greet
him, and he gasped in horror. Her face was still lovely, but her
eyes were mad, and her hands...her hands were just as he had
told her that they were.

He took her home, then, and returned her to her beloved
attic. It was furnished with the finest relics of dead Provi-
dence, and then locked. There is but one lock on the door,
and but one key to that lock. Ambrose Tillinghast holds that
key, and he uses it but rarely. Her children have shown her
that the door should be no barrier to her, but she insists that
Ambrose's will bars her in her lonely domain. And so Sarey
gazes out her window, still mad, waving sometimes to the Quick
and other times to the Dead.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: Providence Hierarchy

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2


~
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 1
Talents: Alertness 1, Awareness 5, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Ex-
pression 3
Skill , Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Linguistics 2, Occult 5
Backgrounds: Artifact 5 (The Book of the Overseer of the Years, a
grimoire of forbidden knowledge. No one else knows she has it.),
Eidolon 1, Haunt 2, Memoriam 4, Notoriety 3, Status 5, Wealth 5
Passions: Make things the way they used to be with Ambrose

afts

(Love) 4, Learn more of Ambrose's secrets from the Book
(Dementia) 2, Shower love on her children (Love) 4
Castigate 1, Embody 5, Fatalism 3, Lifeweb 2,
Moliate 2, Outrage 2, Pandemonium 3, Phantasm 1

Arcano:

Fetters: The house, 5; Her rose garden, visible from her window, 2
Willpower: 4

Pathos: 10

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 8

Thorns: Death's Sigil, Trick of the Light, Freudian Slip
Shadow Pa:
Twist Rebecca and Ezra's love into hate (Hate) 3, Lure pass-
ersby into trouble with Ambrose (Sadism) 1

ons: Seek revenge on Ambrose (Vengeance) 4,

Image: Her face is still beautiful: violet eyes that shine with

their own radiance, high cheekbones, skin like porcelain and
hair like jet. The figure is still slim and shapely within the
proper black dress of a matron of 18th-century Providence.
But the hands, ah, the hands...no gloves will fit these dainty
digits. There is naught but bone from fingertip to elbow. This
is due less to Sarey's encounter with The Book of the Overseer of
the
the results, reinforced by years of Ambrose's encouragement

Years than to her belief in the results of that encounter, but

in the delusion, are real enough.
Roleplaying Hints: You are mad, but have learned a great
deal of those magicks ¢

so empowered your husband. This
knowledge is useless in terms of Spheres of power now, but it
still grants a great deal of insight into the nature and circum-
stances of ghostly existence. When lucid, speak quietly, suc-
cinctly and rarely. When raving, however, spew as many hor-
tific adjectives as necessary in the players' direction concern-
ing your "visions." You spend most of your days at the win-

dows of your attic, beckoning to passersby in vain hopes of

attracting one or two up for tea and conversation. If the pla'

ers encounter you here, assume it is for this purpose, and fu
over them in a manner befitting a well-to-do society hostess.
Your love for your family is absolute, unconditional, and dis-
turbing in its
as possible, and brook no ill word concerning Ambrose

singleminded intensity. Bring this out as much

Ambrose's dutiful son and heir, Ezra never learned the half of
what his father wished him to learn. It was he who locked Sarey
died himself than done the
deed. Shattered by the tragedies that overtook his family, he threw

in the attic, yet he would rather hav

himself into his work and kept the hateful visage of the family
mansion the length of an ocean or more behind him. When an
axe shattered his skull one dark Sumatran night, he was thankful,
for he saw his death as a release from the dreams that had haunted

him for years: dreams of his mother in the attic, dreams of Rebecca's

nd dreams of his stern father, wreathed in kelp
's horror, then,
host of courteous

drowned eye:
and declaring him a failure as a son. Imagine
at awakening on the other side, surrounded b
yet very insistent servitors of the Emperor of Jade. It was not his
captors who distressed Ezra, but rather the knowledge that things
were not yet over, and that he might yet meet his father again.

Ezra was brought back to the Emperor's court during a period
of détente with the Hierarchy. He was attached to a diplomatic
mission to the Courts of Stygia as a gift from the Emperor to his

Western peers. Fortunately, Jan Ziska, one of his father's political

patrons, was present at the reception at which Ezra was presented

asa token of good faith. Ziska recognized the Tillinghast counte-

nance, obtained custody of the fledgling wraith, and took Ezra
into his household. Six months later, well trained in the arts of
the Hierarchy, Ezra was sent home to Providence. Fortunately,
his love of his mother and his childhood home was so strong that
he had retained a connection to his Fetters despite a prolonged

period in the Underworld.

{

Ir (Stare

Qc

k

S5ta Tillinghast

Sous V9


Reacting as one might expect, Ambrose demonstrated his
love for his son by berating him for all that had gone wrong on
Angell Street since the Sarey went down. Ezra merely bowed
his head and nodded, and Ambrose officially welcomed him
into the household. Ezra now serves as Ambrose's chief of staff,
doing those jobs which require the prestige of a potent
Tillinghast yet which are uncomfortable, embarrassing, or dan-
gerous. It is Ezra who rides out with the Legionnaires against
the Renegade gangs, who executes the sentences Ambrose lev-
ies on prisoners in his magnificent front parlor, and who sees
to it that Sarey is well cared for. Ezra is the only other person
to whom Ambrose will entrust the attic key. That Ezra some-
times loans it to Rebecca or John is a well-guarded secret.
Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Conformist

Circle: Providence Hierarchy

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Leadership 3, Melee 2

HW) Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguis-
tics 5, Occult 3, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Eidolon 3, Haunt 2, Mentor 4, Memo-
riam 2, Notoriety 2, Status 5, Wealth 5

Passions: Escape his father (Fear) 5, Ease his guilt over Sarey
A (Guilt) 3, Achieve Transcendence (Hope) 2

 Arcanos: Argos 2, Castigate 1, Embody 2, Keening 1, Lifeweb 1,

WiiyidA Fetters: The house, 3; Sarey's grave, 3
HW} Willpower: 9

ayy
» I Pathos: 9
‘ \ Wy Angst: 6
Shadow: The Leech
Thorns: Pact of Doom, Soulgem 4

ssions: Have Ambrose and/or Sarey brutally con-
‘a's low opinion of himself (Self-Contempt) 4, Kill
Ambrose (Hatred) 3
Image: Ezra appears in the clothes of a prosperous business-
man of the early 19th century. His hair is brown and curly, his
gaze sharp, and his voice quiet. He never deviates from this
manner of dress, even when following his grandnephew's pack
of leashed barghests up the Pawtuxet in search of a Spectre
who has grown too bold. A scar runs down Ezra's brow almost
to his left eye: the residue of the blow that killed him.

Roleplaying Hints: A Stoic to the last, you bitterly resent
your father, yet crave the slightest shred of approval Ambrose
grants you. Perhaps one day Capt. Tillinghast will actually
tell you that he is proud of you; on that day you will be free to
leave Providence and seek your own destiny. In the mean-

time, remain the dutiful son, watching, waiting, hoping, and
hurting. Your devotion to your mother is absolute and obvi-
ous. You rarely go to see her, acutely feeling the pain of hav-
ing aided in reducing her to madness, but you pass the attic
key to your sister and nephew often. If anyone calls you on
this behavior, quietly attempt to have that one liquidated.
Speak softly and fade into the background as much as possible;
it's where Ambrose wants you, anyway.

Rebecca du Erlette

Too much the traditionalist for her own good, Rebecca
even now cleaves to the surname her fiendish husband draped
upon her. This she calls "the proper thing." She harbors no
resentment against her father for prematurely ending her
earthly existence; this she also refers to as proper. In her first
years across the Shroud she led an utterly idle existence, which
bored her nearly to insanity. She spent those years watching
her mother go madder and madder and listening for tidings of
her husband.

When a rumor reached Providence that du Erlette had
died, she prepared to join him, as would have been proper for
a wife to do. Ambrose, enraged, flatly refused to let her go.
Ezra, perhaps the better politician, gave her incentive to stay.
He ceded to her a huge portion of his overwhelming responsi-
bilities, and she found that she liked them. Tithes to Stygia
that had previously been short were suddenly filled. Reports
on enemy movements in the area became accurate. A natural
talent for orga
became enmeshed in the machinery of the Hierarchy bureau-

zation awoke within Rebecca, and she rapidly

\ ebecen su Erlette

1 E7 e


cracy. By the turn of the 20th century, every wraith in the
Tillinghast mansion except the other members of her immedi-
ate family reported, directly or indirectly, to her. In addition,
her efficiency has won her many friends in Stygia, some of
whom are extremely powerful

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Architect

Circle: Providence Hierarchy

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 5, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 4, Law 3, Linguistics 2,
Occult 1, Politics 5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Haunt 2, Mentor 3, Memoriam 1, Hi-
erarchy Status 5, Wealth 5

Passions: Achieve personal power (Ambition) 5,
guilt over Sarey (Guilt) 2, Find du Erlette (Love) 3

Ease her

Arcanos: Castigate 1, Inhabit 3, Lifeweb 2, Outrage 3, Pan-
demonium 3, Puppetry 4, Usury 2

Fetters: The house, 2; Her wedding band, 3; St. Michael's
Church, 2

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Rationalist

Freudian Slip
Shadow Pas
her so that she can spurn him (Twisted Love) 3, Find some way
to exchange John's soul for Napthali's (Twisted Love) 3

ns: Hunt down du Erlette and make him love

Image: Though thoroughly reactionary in attitude, Rebecca
appears as a modern businesswoman. She most commonly
1it, with her long brown hair tied
in a bun and wire-frame spectacles upon her visage. Her eyes

appears in a navy busine

Pree entend pier inctentlebe wens nome enmn tore
nent gold wedding band glints on her finger, and a locket with
a picture of her husband and children hangs around her neck.
Roleplaying Liuites Be thorcuglily comperen g excemely dic
tiful, and only as ambitious as might be thought proper. Refuse
to entertain any notion of rising higher in Providence's power

structure, but leave no doubts that if you were given the op-
portunity to have complete authority somewhere else, you

would gladly take it. You remain quietly dedicated to your

mother and visit her frequently (with Ezra's approval and as-

sistance, and without his sense of shame). Spend as much

a'

time as possible in quiet mourning of your son Napthali, who
was lost to a Maelstrom in the mid-1950s. Act noticeably cool
toward John, seeing in his successes nothing more than ech-
oes of what the beloved Napthali might have achieved. There

should be no equivocation about your pride in your station.
Play it up almost to the point of being haughty. The only
crack in your reserve comes when du Erlette is mentioned.
You have never forgiven herself for loving one who would have
murdered your children (you conveniently gloss over the fact
that he would have murdered you as well), but neither can you
cease to love him. Be constantly on the lookout for informa-
tion about du Erlette, as this is the only matter in which you
's will.

are willing to thwart Ambros

Colonel David Tilinghast

A good soldier leading a good unit, Tillinghast won for
himself a very minor piece of earthly history by being the first
man shot in the charge up the hill at Fredericksburg.
Tillinghast's unit was not even supposed to be part of the ac-
tion, but when the plan for the attack was outlined at General
Sumner's staff meeting, the Rhode Island officer had loudly
denounced it as suicidal. The price for David's tactical acu-
men was his unit being chosen to spearhead the attack, and he
as its commanding officer was expected to lead his unit. He
instructed his men to write their names on pieces of paper and §
pin those pieces to their uniforms, so that they might be iden-
tified if the worst happened, and then he led the charge that
Sumner had commanded him to make.

It was glorious; it was beautiful; it was a slaughter. David
was picked off by a Confederate sharpshooter almost before
the 4th had left Union lines. His troops, led by brother Sander,
were decimated. David's last words were a curse on Sumner's

Colonel David Tillinghnst

AN 17

—

21


name and a blessing on the Union, and then the Shroud en-
folded him. Ezra was there to Reap him, as Ambrose was busy
with John, and offered what sympathy he could, but there was
little the gentlest of the Tillinghasts could do. Icy hatred of
Edwin Vose Sumner is the driving force of David's postmor-
tem existence.

Upon his return to Providence, David's military bearing
immediately impressed his great-grandfather. He was given
command of one of Ambrose's Legions, and rapidly assumed
the command of the other as well. His efficiency at stamping
out Renegade uprisings, hunting down Doppelgangers and
Nephwracks, and policing the other members of his family is
frightening. When not on these tasks or extending his web of
contacts for some news of Sumner's ghost, he raises barghests
in the mansion's basement. Other than that, David merely
M4 sits in his chamber and broods, waiting.

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Circle: Providence Hierarchy

Mh Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

‘Nd Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

4 id Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

fh Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 5, Leadership 4, Melee 4, Ride 4,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Politics 3
A Backgrounds: Artifact 4 (rifled field piece that works), Haunt 2,
4A Mentor 3, Memoriam 3, Hierarchy Status 4, Wealth 4

uy Passions: Find and torment Sumner (Hate) 4, Protect Provi-
fi) dence (Duty) 3, Obey Ambrose (Loyalty) 1, Protect Sander
HY (Fraternal Love) 2

Fetters: The house, 4; The 4th RI training grounds, 1; His
officer's saber (in the Brown Tillinghast Collection), 2
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 8

i Thorns: Dark Allies, Shadow Call, Dark Prestige

Shadow Passions: Humiliate Sander utterly (Sibling Rivalry) 3,
Show up Ezra, perhaps even fatally (Lust for Power) 2, Terrify to
death any Quick who enter the mansion (Dark Glee) 1

Image: Resplendent in Civil War full dress uniform, David
sports full handlebar mustachios and goatee. His hair and beard
are a lustrous black, and his blue eyes have a visionary's dis-
tance in them. He will often reach in phantom pain for his
ffaf) left side; it was there that he received his fatal wound upon
f} Marye's Heights.

Aa pas Se SS BEN SS =
Roleplaying Hints: You appear to be utterly humorless. The
Seven Days and Fredericksburg burned all humanity out of you.
Show some love for your brother, hold your great-grandfather
in reverence, display affection for your mother and great-uncle,
and dutifully respect your father. Beyond that, only Sumner
exists to you as more than just someone to be dealt with if
necessary. Any player characters you encounter should be re-
garded as traitors to Providence, or potential traitors at best.
You still hold Sumner responsible for both your own death
and the deaths of most of your command. Whenever a vet-
eran of the 4th Rhode Island appears in Providence, you will
make a place for him. Speak in clipped, military style, and
ignore the prattlings of others. Your Legionnaires would fol-
low you to the gates of Hell, but even the most loyal admit
that they are not enthusiastic about their chances of following
you back out of Hell again afterward.

Elizabeth Tillinhast

No facade in Providence is more deceptive than that of
Elizabeth Tillinghast. Born to privilege, she became a tireless
advocate for the causes of the poor, the slaves, and women's
suffrage. Forced into an arranged marriage, she extracted from
her husband freedoms astonishing for their breadth, and the
love that she eventually gave him was freely bestowed. Upon
her death, she was expected to fit neatly into the Tillinghast
regime in the Providence of the dead. This she pretended to
do, slipping quietly into the background of what i ntially
Ambrose's court while biding her time, learning, and planning.
Secretly, Elizabeth is a Renegade, and she has nothing but con-
tempt for the patriarch of her husband's clan. She has weaned
John from Ambrose's influence and is attempting to do the
same to Sander. David she despairs of.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Conformist

Ss

Circle: Pawtuxet Renegades

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 4, Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 1, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifact 2 (a long, wickedly serrated
knife), Eidolon 1, Haunt 2, Mentor 3, Memoriam 2, Hierar-
chy Status 2, Wealth 3

Passions: Overthrow Ambrose (Idealism) 4, Reconcile com-
pletely with Sander (Love) 2, Free Sarey (Pity) 1, Improve
Providence (Idealism) 3

Arcanos: Argos 1, Castigate 1, Embody 1, Fatalism 3, Inhabit
1, Keening 4, Lifeweb 2, Outrage 2, Puppetry 3


4 velba Tillinghast

Fetters: The house, 1; Her parents' farm in Attleboro, 3; Her
wedding band, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 9
Shadow:
Angst: 6
Thorns: Devil's Dare, Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Murder Ambrose (Fear) 3, Ruin David in
Ambrose's eyes (Vengeance) 2

The Parent

Image: Eli
est sense of the word.

zabeth appears to be a prim, proper lady in the tru-
Her red hair is neatly combed and cov-
ered in a lace-trimmed bonnet, her gingham dress is flounced
perfectly, and her carriage is erect, demure, and entirely proper.
To look at her is to see Holly Hobby grown to graceful adult-
hood.

Roleplaying Hints: No one except your husband knows of your
political leanings, and you intend to keep it that way. Always be
demure and quiet in public, in accordance with Ambrose's rather
limited perception of what freedoms women should be allowed.
In private, burn with rage over this treatment, and occasionally
say things that, were the eavesdropping chief of security not your
son, would land you in a great deal of trouble. Once your trust is
won, it is won absolutely, but the player characters will have to
work hard to win it. Play the "angel in the house" in front of
them until you are absolutely sure of their loyalties. You are des-
perate to enlist Sander to your cause, and are counting on his
estrangement from David to aid you in this task. Of course, the
help of others would be welcomed as well.

Catan Sander Tlingast

Crippled in the same attack that killed his brother, Sander
spent a painful and horrifying convalescence in the butcher
shop that the War Department had cleverly disguised as a
Union military hospital.

During this time, he became ac-
quainted with many other wounded veterans, including some
from the new colored regiments. Sander had always been his
mother's son much more than his father's, and he was deeply

impressed by these men. Upon his return home, he swallowed
his grief over his father's and brother's demises by working in-
cessantly yet quietly on behalf of those of African descent whom
the war had touched with an ungentle hand. Providence knew
him as a misanthropic recluse, yet it was his work that eventu-
ally allowed veterans who had served in the colored regiments
to enter the Grand Army of the Republic, the Civil War
veteran's association. He also fought, less successfully, to have
full veteran's benefits extended to these men. However, he
ched to any of his

was careful never to let his name be

good works, content to remain a bitter cynic in the eyes of the
world

Eventually this pose of bitterness did harden around him,
and Sander became that which he had pretended to be. He
brooded endlessly over his lost brother, and how he was cheated
of the glory attendant in David's demise. Occasionally he would
shock the elders and delight the children of Providence by
rigging up a small, specially made cannon to the stump of his

leg and firing at various targets on his own property. He never
married, yet, at the last, wished for some record in posterity.
He knew himself to

be the last of the Tillinghasts, and grew determined that the

Hence, the unusual conditions of his will.
name not die with him. The oddities of the house's being
turned over to Brown would excite conversation among stu:
des, and thus the name Tillinghast would still be
on someone's lips long after he himself had paid tribute to the

dents for d

Conqueror Worm.

Sander's demise was a festive occasion for the rest of the
family; they all turned up for his ceremonial Reaping. The
fact that his first words post-mortem were, "Oh damn, I've lived
with you folks for 70 years and now I have to die with you as:
instantly endeared him to his mother, infuriated his
brother (who had awaited this day with ill-concealed impa

well?"

tience), and amused Ambrose. The last was perhaps the most
important. Sander has free rein to do or say almost anything
that pleases him, which results in much repressed tooth-grind-
ing rage on David's part. His position in the household is de-
liberately ill-defined; in truth he is the walking symbol of
Ambrose's willingness to brook opposition, and will continue
to be so long as he does not become liberal in deed as well as
quip.

i Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
ft Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

f Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimida-
Hh tion 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3

Wf Skills: Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Melee 3, Repair 1,
Ride 3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 1, Politics 2

Posterity) 4
Arcanos: Argos 1, Embody 3, Lifeweb 1, Moliate 3, Outrage 2,
} Pandemonium 4, Puppetry 2, Usury 1
MA Fetters: The house, 5; Wooden leg (on exhibit at the John
p= WX Hay Library), 2

Wd Willpower: 9
The Martyr
Thorns: Tainted Relic 4 (a working rifled field piece that
Sander's Shadow has sequestered in the Pawtuxet Valley)

i
MT Captain Sander Tillinghast

Sous 77

Shadow Passions: Humiliate his brother (Twisted Love) 5,
Get revenge on Elizabeth for perceived postmortem favorit-
ism (Freudian Drive) 2

Image: Sander wears a uniform that is the exact opposite of
his brother's. It is threadbare and bloodstained, dusty and
ragged. His hat is the shapeless black slouch hat so favored by
hardened Civil War veterans, and his pistol hangs loose at his
hip. He walks with an exaggerated limp (though both of his
legs are intact), and his brown beard and mustache are un-
kempt. His nose is thin and aquiline, and many have remarked
on his resemblance to his mother.

Roleplaying Hints: Play a wiseass to the hilt. Deal with de-
spair by retorting with biting humor. You are acutely aware of
what your mother is attempting to do with you, and you are

quietly sympathetic to her aims. In fact, if you catch wind of
Renegade tendencies in the players' Circle, you will subtly di-
rect them to her. On the other hand, play up a younger brother's
jealousy of David, and do anything in your power to embarrass
the older spirit. Unbeknownst to anyone else in the house-
hold, you have been in communication with Sumner, and have
been planning, when the moment is right, to invite the general's
ghost to visit Providence as an honored guest. You know full
well that Ambrose will not allow an invited guest to come to
harm, and you also know what seeing Sumner yet not being
able to do anything to him will do to David. The thought fills
you with ill-contained glee, and occasionally you will be caught
chuckling to yourself over it

Hierarchy Structure

All roads in Providence's Necropolis, or, more accurately,
all roads out of it, lead to the Tillinghast mansion. The
Necropolis itself is located in the Federal Hill section of the
city, while Ambrose Tillinghast maintains his household amid
the noble buildings of Brown University. Any wraith seeking
to beard the agents of the Hierarchy in Providence, then, must
do it on Ambrose's territory and away from her own. The ef-
fect of isolated splendor is acute and quite deliberate.

Ambrose rules Providence, yes, but more as a dictator of
overall policy than as a hands-on administrator. There has
been surprisingly little opposition to his rule, primarily because
of the tremendous place he and his family occupy in local leg-
end. Any organized resistance to Tillinghast rule has been
centered in the town of the Pawtuxet Valley, and that resis-
tance now is as strong as it has ever been. These Renegades
have even begun to mount the occasional guerrilla raid, and
have managed to pick off several of David's Legionnaires. Still,
their threat is not seen as great.

Though he may not be a hands-on politician, Captain
Tillinghast is a politician nonetheless, and he is fond of gran-
diose gestures to the hoi polloi. Captured Renegades are pub-
licly annihilated with all of the grandeur and ceremony of
France's Reign of Terror, while on other occasions handfuls of


oboli are strewn among the poor Dead by Anibee hint
He merely
controls his family and allows them to control Providence for
him. Occasionally, Ambrose will consent to try cases for the
local Restless, acting as judge, jury, and executioner. To no

Furthermore, his grasp of broad policy is acute.

one's surprise, those cases that offer tremendous potential for
self-aggrandizement often land on Ambrose's docket, while
those that have to do with the day-to-day workings of Provi-
dence can be found on Ezra's.

Rebecca and Ezra share most of the administrative con-
trol, though more and more of this is sliding into Rebecca's
domain. Her tax collectors, census takers, and other func-
tionaries are supremely efficient and very quiet. She also has
on staff a number of intelligence gatherers, independent of

David's spy network. Ezra maintains more of a control over
policy, but since he is often forced either to attend upon
‘Ambrose or to lead a Legion personally, he is often removed
from the real heart of the administration. Ezra's leadership is
more lax than Rebecca's, and not quite so efficient.

David is the true commander of the Legions, even though
he is technically outranked by Ezra. He has an extensive spy
network among the Restless, with multiple infiltrators among

Rebecca's staff. Talk against the Tillinghasts is a very rare com-
modity in Providence these days, as David's ears are every-
where. Those wraiths taken for sedition are usually brought
before Ezra, eventually. However, "eventually" can mean as
much as 20 years after the fact. The Tillinghast reputation has
been stretched hideously to cover this particular indiscretion

on the part of one of the clan's scions, and should David con-

tinue to add strain, it may well break.

Providence's Legions are stunningly well disciplined and
never indulge in the typical soldierly excesses. Those Legion-
naires who do must answer to David, an unpleasant option.
At any given time, one Legion is on patrol in squads from two
to 10, with the largest squad being commanded by either Ezra
or David. Military structure is based on that of the Union
Army during the Civil War, and promotion is granted solely
through merit. Mostly the Legions function essentially as po-
lice, though the slightest hint of Renegade activity snaps them
back into military mode. Generally the Legions themselves
are tolerated and even welcomed by the citizens of Providence;
it is David's spies who are hated and feared.

Story ideas

© The player characters are Pawtuxet Valley Renegades
with a message for Elizabeth Tillinghast. They have no idea
what it says, or even who is its exact recipient. They must
merely make their way inside the mansion until someone gives
them the appropriate sign. Unfortunately, David's spying has
been superb of late, and he has obtained some Renegade pass-
words, The story becomes a race against time to see who finds
them first.

© The characters are in Angell Street when they see the
image of a beautiful female wraith in a window. They deter-
mine to find out who she is and to free her if possible. This
will bring them into direct conflict with Ambrose, but should
their aims become known, they will have the secret sympa-
thies of Ezra. Whether he will aid them in obtaining the attic
key is another matter...

© The characters have somehow obtained news of Gilles
du Erlette, who is still living in San Francisco, and seek to sell
it to the highest bidder. They must infiltrate Providence qui-
etly and discover who is in the market for this information. If
word that they have this information reaches Ambrose's ser-
vants, however, all will attempt to find the players and wrest
the information from them in order to be the one who brings
it to Ambrose and thus reaps the rewards of his gratitude. In
addition, Rebecca will surreptitiously seek to obtain this news
and will use whatever means necessary to take it, while Eliza-
beth may find it useful as a tool for embarrassing Ambrose. In
short, most of the family will want this information for one
purpose or another, and it is up to the characters to stay free
(or alive) long enough to sell it.

Plus, once the information has been sold, those bidders

who lost out may come looking for the players to express their
displeasure at being thwarted...
doesn't offer that many places to hide. If this scenario devel-
ops, however, your Circle may have to find them all.

Providence is a small city and

© The player characters arrive in Providence as emissar-
ies of the Riders of the Wheel heresy (see "The Hanging Gar-
dens") in an effort to influence the legalization of gambling in
Rhode Island. Elizabeth may be interested in supporting their
aims as a weapon against Ambrose's iron control, but only to
an extent. However, the characters may be more interested in
swaying Ambrose to their point of view, or perhaps they're
intent on undermining the whole Hierarchy. Any which way,
they're bound to produce some reaction...

Rebecca, while visiting her mother, peeked through The
Book of The Overseer of the Years and found a ritual for
changing one soul for another. The down side to this, of course,
is that it requires a soul to exchange. Regardles
tends to put this enchantment into effect to retrieve her lost'
Napthali. Her intention is to control a human into perform-
ing the ritual, swapping John for Napthali. The characte:
stumble onto this plot and must decide either to stop it, mak-
, earning revulsion
from other members of the Providence Hierarchy.

s, Rebecca in-

ing an enemy of Rebecca, or aid the proce:


Memoriam Level: 4

A spider wanders aimlessly within the warmth of a shadow
Not the regal creature of border caves

But a poor, misguided, directionless familiar

Of some obscure Scottish poet

—Marillion, Forgotten Sons

nthe border country between Scotland and
| England, some fifty miles from Edinburgh,

there is a solitary castle. A few small farms

still surround the silent stone towers, ani

the town of Hawick is close by, but there is
i little else in the area. The blood of centu-
ties of violence soaks the grassy plains around Hermitage Castle,

and the souls of many a wraith wait within the depths of the
brooding ancestral home of Lord Soulis. In this land there are
no Renegades or Heretics — there is only the Hierarchy and
its iron rule.

Weakness is certain to lead only to destruction in Her-
mitage Castle, and little of what has occurred here over the
centuries could ever hope to be called good. The Restless fight
for dominance in a Haunt that has shared bloodshed and vio-
lence with its living neighbors for over five centuries, and the
screams of the tormented are often heard when the sun has set
over the courtyard.

Hermitage Castle

By James A. Moore
Haunt Level: 3

Hermitage Castle

t first glance, Hermitage Castle is much the
same in the Shadowlands and the Skinlands:
a wide stone structure that rests on a gentl
= | sloping hill overlooking the grassy plains. On
So) 4) closer inspection, the differences become
— more obvious. The most noticeable is that in

the Shadowlands, the fortress is still occupied. The main towers
are joined by rough stone walls, and the actual entrance to Her-
mitage Castle is set a full story off the ground. Entrance to the
castle is almost impossible without ladders or movable stairs, an
extra precaution against attacking forces. Most of the interior walls
of the castle have long since crumbled into ruin, but the outer
walls are still solid and capable of withstanding assaults. The fur-
nishings are little more than splinters and fragments rotting in
the chill weather, and a few rusted remains of swords and pieces
of armor are all the wealth left within the ruins.

In the Shadowlands, the furniture is intact, well-polished
and well-worn. The swords are sharp, and the armor fairly
gleams in the brooding darkness. In the Shadowlands, Her-
mitage Castle is a thriving home to the Hierarchy and still an
important post against the degenerate Heretics and Renegades.
The Lords and Ladies Soulis still rule their domain, and the
distant villagers still tremble in memory of the hideous atroci-
ties the last Lord Soulis committed

History of Hermitage Castle

») ermitage Castle was built during the 13th
century, designed to stop the constant on-
slaughts by neighboring chieftains and
roaming bands of raiders. Perhaps Hermit-
age Castle was built on bad land, land that

K) no longer could contain anything but the
~ memories of violence, for certainly that is
all that has ever occurred within the castle's walls. Even be-
fore Hermitage was built in the area, violence and even hu-
man sacrifice occurred. Wars were waged, villages in the area
were destroyed, and blood was spilled in anger. Nine Stane
Rig, a tall hill east of the castle, bears a monument not unlike
Stonehenge and was allegedly used for human sacrifices in the
distant past. Some in the area even claim that the Unseelie
Court called the stone circle home for a time. Whatever the
¥ truth of the land's corruption, the answers lie buried in the
depths of history, lost to all but a few.

When England and Scotland fought their great battles,
Hermitage was often near the epicenter of the troubles. Per-
haps the only castle in all of Scotland that has endured greater
conflicts is Stirling Castle in Stirling County, the site where
the rulers of Scotland had their last great battle for indepen-
dent sovereignty. Even in times of relative peace, Hermitage
Castle was constantly in conflict. The first Lord Soulis was a
brutal warrior, and some claimed a sadistic man, but those who
lived under his rule considered him fair. He ruled throughout
the building of Hermitage and for several years thereafter be-
fore dying in still another border skirmish. His son, Arthur
Soulis, was much like his father and did what he could to keep
his followers safe in times of war and comfortable through the
rare times when peace reigned. Unknown to the living, the
wraiths were already gathering in Hermitage, starting their own
society led by Gavin Soulis, the first ruler of the castle.

The third Lord Soulis was the first of the lot to fall prey to
the seductions of magick and started studying the blackest of
arts: diabolism. Before he got very far along the path to dam-
nation, he was accused of brigandry, captured by the British,
and locked away in a prison camp in Dunbarton. He died there
a few years later. For seven years the castle and its surround-

1 ings were ruled by his wife, Beatrice, before she abdicated the

Haunts


seat to her own son, John, the fourth Lord Soulis. Under John,
the violence that had gone before was replaced by intrigue,
and the bloody battles were supplanted by poisons and slow
tortures.

When the time came for his closest neighbors to send
messengers begging for leniency, Soulis had them tossed into a
pit at the center of his castle and left them there to rot and die
in the darkness. Later still, when the time came for his daugh-
ter Ellsbeth to marry, a great feast was called, and the chief-
tains from virtually all of his neighboring domains came to
share in his happiness. The Lord of the castle offered gifts and
promises in order to convince as many of his neighbors as he
could, and most showed up for the feast. Most no longer trusted
Soulis, embittered by his numerous attacks on their homes and
families. Soulis was a perfect host, keeping to his previous prom-
ises and ensuring that every single guest was happy. During
that time, he managed to convince almost all of his peers that
he had changed his ways and that the time had come to join
forces against their common British enemies. Treaties were
drawn up and signed, and for a brief two nights, the castle
enjoyed happiness. On the third night, Soulis ordered the ban-
quet food poisoned and watched as his guests writhed in agony,
the slow-acting drugs paralyzing them and then killing them
one by one. In the end, as agreed in the new treaties, Soulis
could claim leadership over three times the area he had ruled
before.

His daughter Ellsbeth was spared, given the antidote well
in advance of the meal, but only so that she could later serve
as his new wife. For 90 years, Lord John Soulis followed in his
father's footsteps and ruled through cunning and the use of
the dark arts. From time to time he would spread the word
that he had grown ill, only to be replaced by his own "son" a
few months later.

During his reign, the dungeons below ground grew heavy
with the bloated corpses of his enemies and those he sacrificed
to satiate his masters. In all the time that Soulis committed
ritual sacrifices, there never any proof that his masters re:
sponded, though some claimed they had seen him consorting
with the Devil. The more knowledgeable who have looked
into the matter tend to believe that Lord Soulis was a mage of

some power. Those that could give a truthful answer are not

talking. Soulis' plans were delicate, Machiavellian schemes,
and slowly they grew towards fruition. Within 150 years, Soulis
could well have ruled all of Scotland, and a few feared that he
actually would.

Then came the day that the villagers of Hawick, led by
Amos Garton, finally decided to put an end to his tyranny.
From across his lands, the people came, bringing whatever
weapons they had, to overthrow the castle. The loyal guards
were killed, and those that tried to flee were captured and
placed in the stone circle at Nine Stane Rig. Soulis was forced
to watch as his guards were killed and their heads placed in

29


the center of the circle. Finally, despite the mad Lord's pleas
for mercy, Lord Soulis himself was bound in bands of lead —
believed to stop the powers of evil wizards — and thrown atop
the massive pile of skulls. The townsmen gathered wood and
i started the fire beneath John Soulis.

In the last minutes before his death, John Soulis begged
for the mercy of God above and was abandoned by whatever
dark masters he may have served. The powers he could possi-
bly have used to save himself were taken away, and Soulis died
burning, much as his own bastard children had died at his hand.
Rumors persisted that he did indeed have a son, and that the
son had been hidden away, but no evidence was ever found to
§ substantiate the belief.

The reign of the Soulis family was ended, and Hermitage
Castle was abandoned, ignored by villagers and royalty alike.
But the castle still stands, and with the death of John Soulis,
the Hierarchy came to claim the new Haunt as their own. What
the Hierarchy was not prepared for was the amazing number of
wraiths already inhabiting the area. Hermitage Castle was al-
ready occupied by all four of the Soulis Lords and many of
their vassals as well. The wraiths of murdered chieftains now
stayed with the men that had caused their deaths, and in the
battlements around Hermitage, soldiers still fought, trying in
vain to destroy their enemies.

There were several battles to take Hermitage as a Hierar-
chy Haunt, but most were fruitless. Despite his untimely death,
John Soulis and his ancestors still knew a great deal about com-
bat and, along with the other wraiths at Hermitage Castle,
repelled seven attempts to gain control.

The best generals Stygia could spare led the eighth and
final battle, bringing forth their Legions to fight the Lords of
Hermitage. With one look at the forces the Hierarchy had gath-
ered, the Soulis' family and their permanent guests immedi-
ately surrendered. Rather than forcing the Fettered wraiths
away from their Haunt, the Centurion responsible for taking
the castle had them instructed in the ways of the Hierarchy
and left one of the Lords Soulis in charge of the area. For years,
the Soulis family has continued their service to Stygia, fight-
ing against the Spectres and capturing the newly-created
Enfants that fell in battles around the area. The Reapers of
Soulis are renowned for their abilities and second to none in
their savagery.

Today, the remains of Hermitage Castle stand empty in
the lands of the Quick. But the Shadowlands are filled with
the sounds of conversation and whispered intrigues and the
cries of tormented Thralls serving under the fearsome Anacreon
of the Victims of Violence, John Soulis.

Hermitage Castle is still powerfully connected to Stygia,
claiming many souls from the surrounding areas and forcing
the rules of the Hierarchy on all the Restless for miles around.
Renegades are dealt with harshly, locked into Thralldom or
Sundered for the necessary fuels they provide. Heretics are
bound and shipped directly to Stygia, where they are tried,
found guilty and punished as the Deathlords see fit. The fol-
lowers of the Smiling Lord rule in Hermitage, for so few have
ever died on the premises of old age or disease. Most have

died violently, save for a few who starved to death.

Little has been forgiven by those wraiths who met their
deaths here, and despite a certain fear of the Hierarchy in
Stygia, battles are often waged within the castle and through-
out the surrounding countryside. The land is known for its
violent past, and Memoriam comes easily as a source of suste-
nance. Fear is still a powerful source of Pathos in the area,
increased substantially by the rumors that anyone who stays
the night in the ancient ruin never returns in the light of day.

Despite the fall of Charon and his disappearance from
Stygia, the wraiths of Hermitage Castle still maintain their
vigilance in the ways of the Hierarchy. For most of the wraiths,
this is simply out of habit, but for John Soulis, the Hierarchy
fits with many of his own personal goals, and the power he
holds as the most powerful Anacreon of his ancestral home is
enough to make certain that he remains loyal to the Deathlords.

The rulers in Hermitage Castle are not on good terms with
one another. Many of the Anacreons are old enemies from centu-
ries back, and have not let simple politics get in the way of their
daira fortevensel The Soulsiemnily call ante memen soe ce
others, the ones betrayed, murdered in cold blood or on the battle-
field, are working towards a goal of rectifying the situation.

Lord john Souls

John Soulis was born to a father that dabbled in magick
and started his life surrounded by the paraphernalia and notes
that his father had left behind. Where his father had honestly
planned to end the struggles between the warring factions in
Scotland for the simple pursuit of peace, John sought only
power. During the years when he ruled, Soulis did indeed raise
demons and barter with them, learning more of what was
needed to achieve his goals. Along with lessons on the strate-
gies and subtle manipulations his goals would require, the de-
mons also taught John the art of selfishness. As often as not,
the "sacrifices" performed by John Soulis were simply for his
own pleasure. John fancied himself a warlord and sought to
conquer as many of his neighboring fiefdoms as possible, all
the while assuring the royalty of Scotland that what he did
was in their best interest. Whenever anyone doubted the truth
of his words, John offered evidence, usually manufactured, but
remarkably convincing.


Lord John Soulis

wee

In order to shorten the length of time needed to achieve
his goals, John bargained with the Black Spiral Dancers, a de-

mented tribe of werewolves that had no qualms about being

used as soldiers in his war, so long as the price was right. John
paid their price happily, delivering healthy men and women
for their pleasures and to aid in ensuring the health of their
depleted family line. To John Soulis, the distribution of slaves
was merely another means to an end and certainly not a sin.
There was, in fact, absolutely nothing that John would not do

regardless of the cost. He murdered long-

to achieve his go:
time rivals, sacrificed children to his masters, tortured anyone
he deemed a potential, but unbribable pawn, and even killed
his first-born child from each and every mistress and wife he
managed to impregnate in order to assure the pleasure of his
demonic masters. As time went on, he killed many of his own
children, some at birth, some as teens, and some as adults.
John Soulis died in the flames, suffering the same fate he
had made so many others endure, and he died at the hands of
the people he started out to help, the people who had sworn
fealty to him and his family. He has not forgiven this slight.
From the time of his death, John Soulis has done all that he

can to maintain power in the Shadowlands. Little pleases him

anymore, the pain and suffering of another.

Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Judge
Circle: Anacreon for the Smiling Lord
Physic:
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Archery 3, Craft 1, Melee 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 2, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Allies (Hierarchy) 3, Artifacts 1(Stygian
Darksteel Sword), Contacts (Servants of the Smiling Lord) 3,
Eidolon 3, Haunt 3, Notoriety 2, Hierarchy Status 4, Wealth 4
Passions: Power hungry (Lust) 4, Insatiable need to do vio-
lence (Perversion) 5

Fetters: Hermitage Castle, 4; Nine Stane Rig, where he was
executed, 3

Arcanos: Argos 3, Fatalism 4, Pandemonium 3, Puppetry 3
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Angst: 3

Shadow: The Monster

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Dark Allies, Infamy

Shadow Passions: Fears he will one day pay for his actions
(Despair) 3, Wishes to destroy any who oppose the Hierarchy
(Hate) 2

Image: John Soulis was a good-looking man in life, and he
continues to be so in death. He has the ruggedly handsome
features of a man native to this equally rugged country. His
hair is dark brown, with a beard and mustache a few shades
lighter. His eyes are storm grey with an unsettling gaze. While
something of a giant in his time, he is now only average in
height. Soulis almost never smiles, instead showing a face given
to stern comtemplation and the rare sardonic smile.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a master of manipulation and spend
a great deal of your time ensuring that the other Anacreons
are too busy fighting each other to stand in your way. There is
nothing you won't do to achieve your ends and little that you
haven't done at one point or another. You are also lecherous
and enjoy stealing pleasure whenever you can.

Ellsheth Soulis

Ellsbeth planned to marry Roderick of Heathsrow. She
had met him on several occasions and had grown infatuated
with him. Her father had other plans and murdered the lad on
what would have been their wedding night. Ellsbeth was made
to serve her father as concubine and apprentice, learning the
dangerous arts of magick and, later, demonology. For 50 years
she served him, her beauty preserved by the spells he cast to
keep her young and close at hand. During those years she grew
to hate everything that her father stood for and desired noth-
ing so much as his death. Finally, when he had forced himself
on her one time too many, she attempted to stab him with a
poisoned blade, only to have him wrest the weapon away and
use it to end her life.

Chapter Two: Hermitage Castle 31

as she could

Existence as a wraith was pleasurable at first,
pend a great deal of time tormenting her father. But when
John Soulis died, the tides were turned again. The old fears

While Ellsbeth works as an Anacreon for the Quiet Lord,
* she also plans her revenge against her father for his heinous
facts. She has been in communication with the Renegades in

Glasgow and is working with them as a sleeper agent within

Demeanor: Survivor
Circle: Anacreon for the Quiet Lord
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina |

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Intuition 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Craft 3, Leadership 3, Performance 4, Stealth 5,
Nf Survival 3

WV), Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2, Medi-
Hy cine 3, Occult 2, Religion 2, Science 1

Ih Backgrounds: Allies 4 (Renegades in Glasgow), Artifacts 1

IY (Narcissus' Mask), Contacts 4, Hierarchy Status 2, Wealth 2
WY Passions: Hatred of her father (Hate) 3, Unrequited Love

HY (Love) 2

Arcanos: Argos 4, Usury 3

Fetters: Hermitage Castle, 2; Jewelry stolen long ago, now in

a museum in London, 3

Willpower: 8
Pathos: 7
Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 3

Thorns: Shadow Call, Tainted Touch

Shadow Passions: Gain power at any cost (Greed) 3, Under-
mine the Overlord's authority (Hate) 3

Image: Ellsbeth is a delicate woman, lovely and graceful, seem-
ingly without flaw. She has auburn hair and green eyes, and
she wears the finest gowns from the 13th century.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a devious woman, but you hide
your desires well, and you carry on as if there is nothing wrong
at all. Above everything, you hate your father for destroying
your one chance at happiness. Never disobey the Overlord in
public. Instead, act demure, and pray that he does not notice
you. Your time is coming, and there is too much at stake to risk
it all now.

justin Mac Glammary

Justin Mac Glammary was born in the Highlands to the
north of Hermitage Castle and lived his life learning the art of
the bagpipes. Hardly a coward, Justin walked through the
battlefields calmly, certain that no one would assault him as
that was the tradition. When the Mac Glammary Clan met
the Soulis family in battle, John Soulis proved that tradition
alone is not enough for some.

Justin was captured, stripped of his bagpipes and tossed
into the dungeons. There he languished amid the rotting flesh
of previous prisoners, forced to feed off of their remains in an
attempt to survive. He died of food poisoning. Since that time,
he has continued to play his pipes every night, watching the
Drones go about their endless battles. From time to time, he
moves with his family to capture the Drones for Sundering.
There are several members of the Mac Glammary Clan in resi-
dence within the Haunt, but only Justin holds a seat of power.
The rest of his clan wait for the right time, for the right signal,

before assaulting their murderer.

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Conformist

Circle: Anacreon for the Emerald Lord

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2

Skills: Archery 2, Leadership 2, Melee 3, Performance 5,
Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics
Medicine I

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Artifacts (Stygian Sword) 1, Contacts 2,
Eidolon 2, Haunt 3, Notoriety 1, Status 3, Wealth 2


stin WacGlammacy

NN rz

Passions: Wants revenge against John Soulis (Hate) 3, Pro-
within the Hermitage Hierarchy
(Pride) 2, Live honorably (Honor) 1

mote the interests of his cla

Arcanos: Argos 2, Keening 5, Lifeweb 2, Usury 1

Fetters: Hidden wealth, 1; The dungeons of Hermitage Castle, 2
Willpower: 6

Pathos: 4

Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 3

Thorns: Bad Luck, Dark Allies, Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Destroy John Soulis and his allies at any
cost (Hate) 3, Act without regard to honor — what good has
2

itdone you thus far? (Bitterness) 2
Image: Justin Mac Glammary is a tall, lean man. His red hair
recedes from his face in a widow's peak. His face is all but hid-
den behind thick eyebrows and a massive beard and mustache.
He still wears the colors and kilt of a man from Clan Mac
Glammary. Justin almost never smiles, and while he does his
duties well and serves the Hierarchy to the best of his ability,
he has never made any secret of his hatred for John Soulis.
Justin is only truly happy when he plays his bagpipes, and the
music he creates has been known to mesmerize. Even those
who hate normally bagpipes will admit that his performances
are an exception to the rule.

Roleplaying Hints: You speak with a very thick Scots brogue,
and you curse constantly. But nothing gives you pleasure like
playing the bagpipes. More often than not, you wander the
fields around the castle, rallying the Drones or summoning a
hunting party to look for new Enfants.

Thaxton was raised in an area of Scotland still held as sacred
by the Celts, primarily for the powerful Faerie that lived there. He

was raised in the presence of the Faerie and learned many of their

eccentricities. He was called Thaxton the Mad by many of his

neighbors. In his many years as a warrior and chieftain, Thaxton

Mac Taggart did his best to end the disputes between the warring
clans, hoping to finally help build a stronger Scotland, one strong
enough to withstand the British forces constantly attacking the
area. In order to aid in the unification process, Thaxton made the
mistake of attending the wedding feast for Ellsbeth Soulis. He
died of a heart attack brought on by the poisoned food. On dis-
covering that he was dead, Thaxton roared with laughter, appar-

ently pleased that he had lost to cunning instead of strength. He
then proceeded to hound John Soulis mercilessly, haunting the

man hour after hour, and making certain that the Lord of Hermit-

age Castle could never get a full night's sleep. To this day, he is

the only local wraith that John Soulis fears.

Nature: Jester

Demeanor: Bravo
Circ!

Anacreon of the Ashen Lady

: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1
Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Expres-
sion 2, Intuition 4, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Archery 1, Craft 3, Leadership 5, Melee 3, Perfor-
2, Stealth 4, Survival 2

mance

4 Thaxton MacCaggact
=

Sus Ve


? Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Faerie Lore 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Artifacts (Battle Axe of Stygian Steel) 2,
Haunt 3, Hierarchy Status 5, Wealth 2

Passions: Desires control of Hermitage Castle for himself
(Envy) 4, Wants Ellsbeth as his own (Lust) 3

Arcanos: Inhabit 3, Moliate 2, Outrage 4, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: The battle fields outside of Hermitage Castle, 2
Willpower: 8

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Freak

Angst: 3

Thorns: Shadow Call, Shadow Traits

Shadow Passions: Seize Ellsbeth (Lust) 2, Destroy anyone
who shows disdain for his ways (Hate) 3

Image: Thaxton Mac Taggart is a stocky man, heavily muscled
under a layer of flab. His head and face are surrounded by a
cloud of white hair, and his body is encased in rotted leathers.
Thaxton is another who makes no secret of how he feels, often

passing lewd comments to the women and threatening most
men with a swift kiss from his axe. Thaxton's face is creased
with wrinkles, and his age is guessed at somewhere in his mid-
It 50s when he died.

Roleplaying Hints: Live death to its fullest. Wallowing in self-
pity and shaking with fear is for lesser men. You've faced death
before, and you've no doubt that you will again. Oblivion is sim-
ply another form of death. When the time comes for Oblivion to
take you, you'll go willingly, but you intend to take as many of
your enemies with you as you can. Especially John Soulis.

Gavin Soulis

Gavin Soulis built Hermitage Castle to protect those who
trusted him from the armies of other chieftains. He rose froma
) simple mercenary soldier to become one of the greatest war-
riors of his time, but the title was not won without suffering.
As Gavin continued to protect his charges, he was scarred and
battered and maimed in life, until, at last, he could no longer
fight as well as he once had. Gavin died on the battlefield, his
blood feeding the soil. He never regretted anything he did in
his life, save for failing to protect his charges as well as he
should have.
Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Circle: Overlord of Hermitage Castle

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Ex-
pression 2, Intuition 4, Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Leadership 4, Melee 3, Performance 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 3

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Hermitage Castle) 2
R34 Haunts

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Haunt 3, Memoriam 1, Status 3,
Wealth 2
Passions:
that it stand for (Love) 3

Sense of Duty (Pride) 3, Protect the castle and all

Arcanos: Moliate 3, Outrage 2, Pandemonium 2

Fetters: Hermitage Castle, built with his sweat and blood and
that of his servants, 3

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 3

Thorns: Doppelganger, Spectre Prestige

Shadow Passions: Destroy the other Lords Soulis who have
made enemies, weakening the position of the Hermitage Hier-
archy (Hate) 3, Gain power and followers (Greed) 3

Image: Gavin Soulis died a battered and broken man, and so
he appea
ous battles
without his mask firmly in place. Unlike so many of his fellow
wraiths at Hermitage Castle, he wears the full regalia of his
station. Gavin spends most of his time away from the castle,
seeking out new Enfants for capture.

s to this day. Gavin is so disfigured from the numer-

he fought his way through that he is never seen

Roleplaying Hints: You loathe your great-grandson. He is ev-
erything you always tried to fight against, and you know that
he must be stopped. Yet you doubt your abilities, your combat
skills and even your own motives. Lately, you find yourself
awakening from slumber in places that are unfamiliar, and you
fear that your mind is going at last.


ian Homnton

Ian was working on his thesis in Parapsychology for the
University of Edinburgh, studying the odd reports of noises
and lights at Hermitage Castle. While there on All Hallow's
Eve, he discovered that his theory about ghosts being nothing
but recorded history played through the right vibrational fre-
quencies applied during certain weather conditions was en-
tirely incorrect. When the Drones outside of Hermitage Castle
started battling again to seek a final victor in the endless battles
of the past, lan got walloped upside his studious head with a
mace. On any other night he would have been safe, but on All
Hallow's Eve, the Drones had substance.

Nature:
Demeanor: Traditionalist

Circle: Anacreon for the Ladies of Fate

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

traditionalist

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Intuition 4

Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computers 5, Enigmas 4, In-
vestigation 3, Linguistics (Japanese, Latin, German) 3, Oc-
cult 4, Science 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Artifacts (IBM Laptop Computer) 3,
Contacts (Fianceé, Parapsychology teacher) 2, Eidolon 2,
Haunt 3, Status 3, Wealth 1

Passions: Needs to finish his manuscript (Destiny) 4, Wants
to return to the living to prove to his fiancée that there is life
after death (Love) 2, Wants to learn more about Stygia (Curi-
osity) 3

Arcanos: Argos 4, Castigate 2, Inhabit 3, Usury 3
Fetters: Unfinished manuscript on the truth about life after
death, 3; Fianceé, 3

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 2

Thorns: Bad Luck, Trick of the Light

Shadow Passions: Take any risk for new knowledge (Lust) 3,
Forget those he knew in life(Jealousy) 2

Image: Ian has long, black, shaggy hair, unevenly cut over a
hawkish face. He is tall and lean and wears a cable-knit sweater
and Levi's button-fly jeans. He is never without his laptop
computer.

Roleplaying Hints: Well, this is all too interesting as far as
you're concerned. All this time you thought you knew what
was what, and now you know differently. Your answers are al-
ways well thought-out and very direct. Also, you have an an-
noying tendency of tapping your teeth with your fingertips
whenever you are thinking, which is most of the time.

Denise Willowby

Denise Willowby loved nothing as much as the studies of
the body in motion. She was schooled in gymnastics, Shoto-
Kan Karate, and ballet from the time she could walk. Denise
Willowby died when her car went out of control and smashed
her into the side of an oncoming truck. Her death was pain-
less. No sooner had she stepped away from the wreckage, con-
fused by the bright lights that shone through her caul, then
the Reapers of Hermitage Castle dragged her away to their
Haunt. Initially they intended to sell her to the highest bid-
der, but when she pulled off her own caul and demanded ex-
planations, they decided that Sundering her might be a better,
idea. Denise had other ideas herself, and after spending some
20 minutes knocking various wraitl in unarmed com-
bat, they decided that perhaps she could teach them the deadly
battle styles that they still cannot pronounce. Since then,
Denise has learned her way around the castle and become some-
thing of a teacher to the numerous warrior wraiths. She is smart
enough, however, not to teach them all of her tricks.
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Jester
Circle: Emerald Legion
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3

enseless

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

ter Two: Hermitage Castle

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Computers 1, Enigmas 2, Inves-
tigation 1

Fetters: Family home in Southampton, 2; Trophies and awards
as a tournament fighter, 2

Thorns: Bad Luck
Shadow Passions: Abandon hope of a better life than this
i (Despair) 3, Aid any Renegades in undermining the Hierar-
H chy (Bitterness) 2
ih Image: Denise is a lean, muscular woman with an athlete's body.
[4 Her short blond hair frames a long face, which these days tends to
y look confused. Denise carries herself with confidence, something
its that many of the older wraiths have trouble understanding. She is
dressed in a light sweater and corduroy pants.

Roleplaying Hints: There are a few things that your captors
do not understand, not the least of which is that you are cer-
tain you are not dead. You don't know how they do the things
they do, or how you do them either, but you cannot believe
f) that life ends with you stuck in a moldy old castle. For the
present time, you will teach them a few combat maneuvers, a
1 few throws and blocks, but you are still looking for the way out
of this madhouse.

Amos Garton

Amos Garton led his village in the battle against Lord
John Soulis. He and the master of Hermitage had been friends
at one point, until the ruler decided that Amos' wife, Siobhan,
was too lovely to serve as the wife of a mere blacksmith. Soulis
sent three of his men to kill Amos, knowing that the
weaponsmith would not approve of his desires. The men came
in the night and beat Amos to the ground. They thought him
dead, but did not double-check their handiwork.

When Amos awoke, he remembered only the glint of steel from
weapons he had created and the screams of his wife as she was dragged
into the night. Later he learned that Siobhan had thrown herself from
the edge of Hermitage Castle after Soulis had finished degrading her.
Amos' rage was unholy, and his screams for justice were heard far and
wide as he gathered an army of townsfolk and farmers to bring an end
to John Soulis' reign over the land.

When the people stormed the castle, they met with little
resistance. Most of the guards attempted to flee and were cap-
tured for their efforts. Those few that fought against the tide
of angry peasants died brutally. Amos Garton was one of the
few who died in battle, skewered on the sword of John Soulis
as he attempted to capture the lord of Hermitage Castle.

After removing his own caul, Amos wandered the area
looking for the spirit of his beloved, unaware that the Spectres.
had dragged her away into the depths of the Tempest. After
almost a decade of fruitless wandering, he returned to Hermit-
age Castle, hoping to look for his Siobhan there. He was cap-
tured almost immediately upon entering the area and was
locked into the manacles provided by Stygia. Since then, he
has been forced to craft weapons and trinkets for the Lords
Soulis and the rest of the Hierarchy at Hermitage Castle.

As time passes, he loses more and more of what he was,
becoming simply a gifted Drone. His anger, all that sustains
him any longer, is slowly fading, and all memories of his be-
loved Siobhan are gone, mere echoes that he no longer under-

stands. Unbeknownst to Amos, his Shadow has changed his
appearance in an effort to keep anyone from reminding him of
what he once was.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Prisoners of Soulis

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4


Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, In-
timidation 2

Skills: Craft 3, Leadership 2, Melee 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 1, Investigation 4
Backgrounds: Allies 4

Passions: Desires the fall of John Soulis (Hatred ) 4, Longs to
find Siobhan (Love) 3

Arcanos: Embody 4, Moliate 4

Fetters: The sword of John Soulis, 2; Siobhan's wedding ring, 4
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 5

Shadow: The Director

Angst: 4

Thorns: Freudian Slip, Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Forget Siobhan in the arms of another (Lust) 2,
Make more and better weapons to encourage violence (Pride) 3
Image: Amos is a sturdy man in his 50s with white hair and
gray eyes. He still wears wool britches and a heavy leather vest,
the same clothes he worked in before his death. His hands and
face show the scars of his time working at the forges beneath
Hermitage Castle, and his wrists and legs are manacled with
‘enough room to allow him to do his job and nothing more.
Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and bitter. You do not speak
unless spoken to, fearing that someone with a whip will strike you
again. There is nothing left of the joy you once knew, and now
you spend you waking hours crafting the weapons that your mas-
ters demand. But from time to time, you hide a weapon away,
hoping against hope that someone will come and free you, some-
one who hates John Soulis as much as you yourself hate him.

Shannon Muldoon

No one knows just what the situation is between Shannon
Muldoon and the Lords Soulis. Whatever the case may be, they
seem to love, hate and fear her. Whenever Shannon is around,
when she is look-
ing towards them. If she looks directly on their faces, they avert
their eyes as if aftaid of being burned. When she is elsewhere,
they will never hesitate to make their hatred of her known, call-
ing her names and swearing that they will someday have their

the Lords tend to watch her surreptiously, sav

feet upon her. Despite the venom in their vows, they are al-
e certain that Shannon cannot hear their prom-
dared harm Shannon, for fear that the Lords

ses. No one has

would seek retribution. Whatever is between them, she has power
over all the Lords of Castle Hermitage. There is a rumor going
around that Shannon has crushed her own Shadow into submis-
sion and could remove it from herself entirely if she so desired.

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Judge

Circle: Anacreon to the Beggar Lord
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Intuition 3
Skills: Craft 2, Performance 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2
guistics 2, Medicine 1, Occult 4, Faerie Lore 4
Backgrounds: Allies (The Lords Soulis) 4, Artifacts (Balefire
Lantern) 3, Contacts 5, Eidolon 2, Haunt 4, Notoriety 3, Sta-
tus 5, Wealth 5

Passions: Sense of Duty to the Hierarchy (Pride) 4, Unre-
quited Love (Love) 3

Arcanos: Argos 2, Castigate 3, Fatalism 5, Keening 5, Pan-

, Enigmas 5, Investigation 3, Lin-

demonium 3

Fetters: Hermitage Castle, 3; Loch Ness, 4
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Parent

Soul Gem, Spectre Prestige

Shadow Passions: Manipulate those who would love her (Bit-
terness) 4, Never show weakness (Fear) 2

Image: Shannon Muldoon has fair skin and light hair with cold
blue eyes, Her face and figure are attractive, but not overly so.
She stands surprisingly tall, 5'11", and she
grace of a dancer. Her voice is musical, even when she is angry.
She is almost never seen without her mask and manacles in place,

arties herself with the

and whenever she leaves the Haunt, which is frequently, she car-
ries her Balefire Lantern, lit and held before her.

yi

Ay


Roleplaying Hints: You are confident, and you are kind. Even
when you run across someone who has caused you harm, you
seem forgiving. But not all is as it seems, and you have long
since earned the nickname "Bane Sidhe" for your powerful
voice and willingness to use Keening as a defense or an of-
fense.

Storyteller Notes: The Balefire Lantern is a roughly hewn
lantern with faces carved on each side. Where the mouths of
the faces open in apparent agony, a thick glaze preserves the
odd green light that burns fiercely within. Spectres cringe away
from this light, and wraiths are mesmerized if they stare into
its depths for too long (Willpower roll, difficulty 8). Some
wraiths speculate that this was the lantern used by Jack O'
Lantern centuries ago to find his way back from Hell. There is
also a rumor going around that the lantern actually burns the
Shadow out of Spectres and allows their other personalities to
gain dominance once again. In one case, the wraiths of Her-

mitage actually saw this done, and the Spectre of Beatrice Soulis

found the peace of Transcendence. Shannon Muldoon has no
idea how or why the lantern accomplished this feat. Many
mysteries of the Balefire Lantern go unknown, but Shannon is
working on understanding them. No one is certain what all
the Balefire Lantern is capable of, but whatever the case, it is
powerful, and well connected to Shannon Muldoon by her
manacles.

Story ideas

© The Lord John Soulis is in more trouble than his arro-
gance will allow him to believe. The wraiths that inhabit the
ancient Haunt are almost all opposed to John Soulis, but the
idea that they would do anything about their anger is quite

literally beyond comprehension.

Worse still, most of the wraiths believe that no one else
would be willing to do anything, and so very little has been
accomplished. For the last 100 years or so, the various factions
have been appraising the situation and trying to covertly re-
cruit new Enfants to their way of thinking. As a result of this
careful maneuvering, the only one who has managed

ly start making things happen is Ellsbeth, who has been
secreting her forces deep beneath the Haunt, preparing to over-
throw her father and watch him Sundered for his actions.

¢ There is much more to Shannon Muldoon than is ap-
parent at a glance. Since the time she arrived almost two cen-
turies ago, she has been doing as she pleased with no fear of
retribution. What is her secret? Where does she go when she
leaves the Haunt and wanders across the lands, far from Her-
mitage Castle? What power does she hold over all of the Lords
Soulis, and how can that power be of assistance to any schemes
against the present leaders of the Haunt?

3 On

AS

© The Renegades of Edinburgh, called by some the Celtic
Cross, are readying themselves for war, and they are gathering
greater numbers of wraiths than the castle has seen since the
first appearance of the Hierarchy on the field of battle. There
are very few wraiths less than a 150 years old at the Haunt,
and most of them have no idea just what a handgun is. The
wraiths at Hermitage Castle are in for serious trouble if they
are not warned or given assistance in learning the basics of
firearms.

¢ Adding to the problems at Hermitage Castle, a new ill-
ness has started taking control of the Drones on the battle
field. The mindless soldiers of the Dead have started develop-
ing thoughts of their own, and a few believe that this is the
result of the Spectres. Many of the Drones have been left in
peace simply because they were Kin once, before the blood of
all was spilled. But the time is coming when something will
have to be done about the old family members that still fight a
long gone war, if for no other reason than to stop the darken-
ing spots of Shadowplague that have started appearing on their
flesh.

strange sounds have been heard coming from beneath the bones
of the dead. There is some fear that a Nihil is forming, but no
one has volunteered to explore the matter. No one is certain
what is down there but, sooner or later, the changes will have
to be examined. Perhaps the greatest concern at Hermitage
Castle is that the last two envoys from Stygia have not shown
themselves yet. There is a lack of communication between the
Haunt and the capital of the Underworld, and even John Soulis
is starting to get edgy. Time will tell what the end result of all
the waiting is, and time will tell if Hermitage Castle, one of
the last pure Hierarchy Haunts left in Great Britain, will fall
to the forces that gather in the darkness.


The Prince of Wales was born in Richmond — Richmond, England, of
course. He didn't have enough ancestors to be born in Richmond, Virginia.

—Will Rogers

Physical Description

ichmond is the heart of the Old Dominion
and the capital of the Confederacy, a city

Re]! can equivalent of Rome, it was built upon
ESN seven hills and houses some of the oldest,
most aristocratic families in the United States. The main build-
ing of the Haunt is the Richmond Capitol, designed by Tho-
mas Jefferson and based upon the designs of the "Temples of
Erectheus at Athens, of Balbec, and of the Maison quarree of
Nismes." It was constructed upon Shockoe Hill, just off the
edge of downtown, in 1788. Like the Acropolis at Athens, it
stood alone on its tall hill overlooking the sedate James River
and the multitude of homes and churches typical of post-Revo-
lutionary America. It would become the home away from home
for some of the greatest statesmen of that time and later.

The Richmond Capito:

Home of the New Renaissance Circle

By judith Mclauehlin and Ehrik Winters
Haunt Level: 3
Memoriam Level: 4

The present appearance of the Capitol is somewhat dif-

central building. Its view overlooking the James has been ob-
scured through the years by the tall buildings that now sur-
round it. From the outside, the Capitol maintains its attra

Street, which is lined by a number of other historical buildings
that face onto Main Street. To the west is Ninth Street, as

well as the Supreme Court building, St. James Episcopal Church
and a number of other minor state buildings. The driveway en-
trance to the Capitol at the junction of Ninth and Grace Streets
sweeps past a guardhouse into a graceful parking circle. The monu-
ment at the center of the parking circle is topped with a statue of
George Washington sitting atop a charger and is surrounded by
six smaller statues of other famous Virginia statesmen.

The Capitol itself looks somewhat less impressive than its
original Grecian concept. The south face of the building is the
main entrance, with the requisite long, broad staircase up to the
portico, floored with slick marble and surrounded by eight Ionic
columns. The east and west wings are faced with four columns on
each exposed side. The central doors open into a vestibule be-
tween two committee rooms. The halls are all paved with the
same black and white checkerboard pattern, and close inspection
of some of the black squares can reveal tiny fossils in the lime-
stone. Further ahead is the rotunda, the echoing center of the
building. In the center is the most remarkable monument of the
Capitol: the only statue of George Washington sculpted with the liv-
ing man asa model. There is no ceiling here, as it opens upward to the
second floor gallery and from there to a painted, skylit dome.

Beyond Washington is the old House of Delegates, an
enormous, high-ceilinged chamber with rows of small desks
and three large, throne-like chairs against the north wall. A
life-size bronze statue of Robert E. Lee stands just inside the
doorway, a constant reminder to the South of its defeat. To
the east and the west are the Senate and House chambers,
semicircular rooms with large desk-like centerpieces.

The second floor is made up of offices, large committee
rooms and entrances that lead into the galleries of the Senate
and House chambers. Above the rotunda is the gallery, which
contains portraits, sculpture and other memorabilia of old Rich-
mond. Scattered liberally throughout the building are sculp-
tures of the prominent of Virginia.

The basement contains little of interest, just more offices,
committee rooms and the cafeteria. The sub-basement is for stor-
age, utilities and access to the Capitol tunnel system. From the
Capitol, tunnels run to the finance building, the governor's man-
sion, the state library and on under many buildings of the Medical
College of Virginia. The tunnels are dimly lit, hot and smell of
mildew and decay. Small creatures scuttle just out of sight into
the shadows. The tunnels under the Medical College of Virginia's
West and East Hospitals have a particularly creepy feel.

in the Shadowlands

The Capitol in the Shadowlands looks very much like the
Capitol in the Lands of the Quick. However, the polished floors
are dulled, and the red drapes in many of the rooms look aged,
4 worn and fragile. Spots on the floor seem to move if you stare at

them long enough. On closer inspection the tiny fossils that are
trapped in the limestone are writhing and squirming slowly, try-
ing to force their way free of the stone, but forever trapped. The

Pore 42

statues show their cracks, faults and repairs more vividly in the
Shadowlands, giving a grotesque, corpse-like visage to the im-
mortalized men. The echoes in the chambers sound hollow and
answer back with an eerie timbre added to them. The old House
of Delegates still contains debris from the Capitol Disaster, and
the ceiling looks like it was patched together and still sags in some
spots. The red velvet on the chairs appears threadbare, while the
Golden Mace, which sits in a glass case in the center of the room,
looks plastic, cheap and tawdry. Lee's statue looks severe and has
a green patina covering it.

The areas where the east and west wings were added are
terribly obvious, as if a line of demarcation between the old
and the new had been drawn in sickly neon colors. The base-
ment is dim and echoing, even when no person, living or dead,
is moving in it. If one listens to the low murmurings here, one
can discern the sounds of laughter, screams, gunshots, explo-
sions and roaring flames. One gets the feeling that all the sounds
of horror, terror and death ever to happen in the Common-
wealth of Virginia eventually echo in its Capitol, where the
tragedies always come home to rest.

The sub-basement is dark and cold. There are constant
dripping sounds. On inspection, the walls ooze the blood of
Virginia's lost sons and daughters. The tunnel entrance seems
to moan periodically, and the light in the tunnels proper flick-
ers and dims at the most inopportune moments. Cobwebs and
dust fill the tunnel system.

History

he Capitol building was designed by Tho-
mas Jefferson. In 1788, it replaced the
building the delegates had been meeting
in, an old tobacco warehouse about five
blocks away in an area known as Shockoe
Slip. Built upon one of the most visible
places in Richmond, it became the center of downtown as Rich-
mond developed in the 19th century.

During the early 1800s, the city was the nexus for the genteel
Southern culture that formed around the closest thing America
had to an aristocracy. The "noble" families, who were, of course,
the wealthiest, produced businessmen, doctors, scholars and states-
men galore. Well-educated white men with names like Cary,
Cabell, Randolph, Byrd and Henry and their lovely belles were
the centerpieces of gossip and respect throughout the South. Busi-
ness boomed, the city grew and expanded, and gentle pursuits
like Sunday promenades through the local Hollywood Cemetery
were commonplace. Ignored amidst this were the ever-present
black slaves who lived alongside this delicate fashion parade.

The institution of slavery brought about the downfall of
this glorious Southern lifestyle. In 1861, the War Between the
States (the Civil War to all Northerners) began with the se-
cession of the Confederate States from the Union. Richmond,


Virginia, was made the capital of the Confederacy and the home
of the Confederate President, Jefferson Davis, and the Con-
federate Congress.

The latter years of the war were bad for Richmond. Some of
its best-loved noble sons perished tragically in battle. Most died
as officers leading charges or rallying their men. Many of the of-
ficers in the army were Richmond natives, with families in the
city, and the city mourned as an increasing number of her native
sons perished fighting for the glory of the South that they loved.
In early 1865, tragedy upon tragedy rocked the city, such as the
death of General J.E.B. Stuart. It all finally consummated on April
2nd, when Union General Ulysses S. Grant broke Robert E. Lee's
lines at Petersburg. Those citizens of Richmond who could fled
the city ina swift exodus on horseback, in carriages, in canal boats
oron foot. Confederate soldiers set the torch to the tobacco houses
on the banks of the James to keep the Yankees from the stores of

the river and turned the few fires into a blazing inferno that tore
through the town. Those women, children and elderly who re-
mained in the parts of town threatened and eventually consumed
by the fire fled to Capitol Square, huddling in blankets with what
few belongings they could salvage.

With the desolation of the burned town around it, the
Capitol stood firm and untouched, a bastion of hope to the
now homeless and defeated Richmonders.

The South was a bleak wasteland of despair during its Re-
construction. Their boys had died fighting the Yankees, but the
cause was lost, and the South had fallen. With money loaned by
the government, the former Confederacy put itself back together
slowly, Richmond included. The gutted buildings in downtown
and along the river had to be rebuilt, lives restored, and deaths
mourmed. Some degree of anarchy continued as duels were fought

between gentlemen, and gunfire was a frequent sound in the city

streets. Men shot men for petty or imagined slights against them,

up for the city. Unfortunately, it was not to be.

On April 27, 1870, hundreds of men crammed into the Capi-
tol to hear the decision in a controversial case involving the m
oral election in Richmond. They filled the upper floor committee
room and its gallery, which was being used as a temporary court-
room. Just as the judges were about to step into the room, there
was a cracking sound and the gallery gave way beneath the weight
of the crowd. The people and the structure of the gallery fell to
the courtroom floor, which also collapsed, dropping the crowd of §
hundreds approximately 40 feet to the floor of the House of Del-

es below. Somewhere between 60 and 75 people were crushed

ated, and upwards of 250 people were injured in the Capi-

tol Disaster.

43


Despite much public outcry about the state of the build-
pitol

ing and an almost instantaneous decision to raze the

and rebuild, the Capitol survived. The state authorities de-
cided to repair the damaged building. However, to satisfy the

sudden hysteria, City Hall was razed, despite the fact that its
timbers were sturdy and showed no sign of decay.

Two of the men killed in the disaster, Henry Clay Daniels
and his close friend, Thomas Roberts Smythe, awoke in the
Shadowlands. They were borne off to destinations unknown,

but each having glimpsed the other as they were carried off to

their indefinite servitudes, they were both determined to be
together again.

When Daniels returned some years later to the Richmond
Necropolis, his heart broke as he toured the beloved city of his
birth. He found that the South he loved had never truly recov-
ered from its crushing defeat in the war with the North. Richmond's
and of the Dead looked as though the rubble of the
evacuation fire had never been removed. Wraiths abounded, and
{mindless Drones virtually swarmed over parts of the city. Holly-

wood Cemetery, so named for the many holly bushes planted, and

streets in the |

the

arious battlefields in the nearby countryside were meeting
EW) laces for the recent and newly Dead. Drones regularly reenacted
their dooms in these places or simply sat, unliving monuments to

South. Wraiths wandered the streets aim-

the destruction of the

lessly, and Legionnaires strolled about old familiar buildings, ig-
noring the Renegade and Heretic garbage that fouled the dark
corners of the city. Hate, corruption and despair seemed to ooze
from the very pores of the city.

Daniels was assigned as Marshal for the annexed city of
Manchester, located south of the James River. It was here he
began his long, clawing trek up the ladder of the Hierarchy. It
was his personal dream to restore Richmond to its once-glori-
‘ous status in both the lands of the Quick and the Dead. Hav-
ing kept track of Daniels through the bureaucratic organiza-
tional charts of the Hierarchs, his friend Smythe managed to
get himself assigned as a Centurion in Richmond shortly after
had returned. The pair proved to be the formidable
team in death that they had wanted to be in life and soon were

Daniels

inseparable. Together they tore into the petty intrigues of the
Virginia Citadel and slowly began to dismantle the sloppy, ill-
managed patchwork of organization. With the pieces (and
sometimes the smelted souls) of the old, they began to rebuild
a well-oiled Hierarchy machine.

During one of Daniels "restorations," he encountered Miss
Emma Meade, a lovely young wraith from the early 20th cen-
tury, who worked as a secretary for another Marshal. He recog-
nized Miss Meade's quick mind and devastating shrewdness
instantly and pulled strings to get her reassigned to his service.


°°

Miss Meade managed to get unusual amounts of information
al Hiera
meteoric rise through the ranks. Danie
kindly friendship with Ol' Moses, the old janitor who cared
for the Citadel, was key to her acute insights into the activi-

about the lc chy and was thus instrumental in Daniels'

himself feels that her

ties of the other high-ranking officials.

Meanwhile in the land of the Quick, Richmond was re-
claiming some of its dignity, but its grandeur was tarnished
and faded. It had passed through the beginning of the 20th
century without much protest. The black citizens were experi-
encing the extreme prejudice that was rife throughout the
South at this time, though many of them had also fallen into
. By the 1890s,
the first families of "Negro Virginia" had evolved into the b!

the dulled splendor of the Virginia aristocr:
high society.

Richmond continued to plod through the 20th century,
its existence punctuated by wars and disasters. The charismatic
Daniels beca n Anacreons of the Richmond
Citadel in record time. Somehow, as he shot up the ladder of
ors either ended up in the Tempest

a to be

me one of the se

the Citadel, his predec
or clapped in irons, en route to Sty; ome coinage. He
pitol, the site of his demise, into the headquarters
He had

tems, to

made the
for himself and his slowly growing group of follower

covert ac ere, through the then-new tunnel sy

tate library, the archives and sev
In addition, b

the Capitol, he gave himself the image of complete command, 4

the governor's house, the
eral other state building stalling himself in 4
an image that he carried off well. New wraiths often mistakeQ
him as the chief executive of Richmond, when comparing hi
faded but palatial governmental home to the ancient, rundown9
mass of abandoned warehouses and condemned housing in
Shockoe Bottom that is the true Citadel proper.

Daniels' Circle was expanding. During the course of hi:
closely spaced promotions, several new people were added to!
the little trio. Miss Rebe
by a jilted lover, joined to seduce one of the Richmon
Meredith $R§
, became

ca Cole, a young belle who was killed
Anacreons, a job she performed with cold efficiency.
Babcock, a pioneer and scout from the early 170
the circle's assassin and bodyguard. Dalton McGuire provided
canny support for Miss Meade's plots. Zachariah "Zack" }
Crutchfield, an Artificer of immense skill, was wooed to}
Daniels' side and se and promis
Powhatan Roberts, an attorney also killed in the Capitol Di
saster, was happy to side with Daniels, a man he respected in 4

e with various gifts

life. Smythe coined the name "New Renaissance" for the circle,
since they wanted to bring about a renewal for their home.
Daniels liked the sound of it, and the name stu


The drug industry provided a number of new wraiths in a
N city already swarming with the Dead. Unfortunately, these
wraiths are swamping the already strained Legionnaires. Ran-
dom reapers, often Renegades, have been collecting a lot of
new souls, and with them comes more power. Daniels is scram-
bling for manpower, begging Stygia to send forces into the
Necropolis, but he seems to be having problems convincing
them of Richmond's need.

In 1992, the Richmond Necropolis was swept with an in-
tense local Maelstrom. It is conjectured that it was caused by
the terror and death brought with the Newtown Gang's mov-
ing into town. After many drug busts and raids, the homicide
rate in 1993 went down slightly. However, the random kill-
ings of 1994 escalated to such an extent that the entire Rich-
mond Necropolis is on a constant, tense standby for another
Maelstrom even more deadly than the last.

Daniels is fortifying the Capitol against this building Maelstrom,
A afraid that the Citadel proper will be a target for both Spectres and
Renegade betrayal during the coming storm. He rarely leaves the Haunt
if these days, opting instead to send Miss Meade, McGuire and the Circle'
newest recruits such as Randy Stewart out to run any errands that he
might need done. He spends his time in his office (the office of the
er of the House), chatting and talking politics with Powhatan
¥ Roberts and Smythe, keeping Babcock close at hand in readiness for
any attacks or infiltrations.

The New Renaissance's troops are usually sent on strate-
gic missions and sting operations masterminded by Miss Meade.
Their goals are usually to annihilate large groups of Renegades
or Heretics at a time. Miss Meade targets the groups causing
the greatest disturbances, and her operatives sometimes spend
years infiltrating. Heretics whose course toward Transcendence

has lead them close to the New Renaissance's goals of renewal

of the South are left strictly alone until they become nuisances.

Outside

Relations

he New Renaissance is looked upon with
respect and occasional dismay by other
Hierarchs, who find them sneaky, under-

handed and potentially powerful. However,
A) Virginia is still Virginia, and everyone is

polite to everyone else... at least in public.
The Renegades and Heretics dislike the

New Renaissance primarily because they are the source of vir-

tually every raid on suspect Haunts and hiding places. Certain
Heretic groups are exempt from the Circle's persecutions, but
only the ones who are seeking in some way to restore parts of
the South to their former glory.


The Richmond vampires are mostly ignored by the New
Renaissance. Daniels and Miss Meade are, however, interested
in the movements of certain vampires that are linked to the
drug industry now swamping Richmond. Miss Meade speaks
occasionally to some of the hideous, under-dwelling vampires
of the city, trading bits of information she has gleaned from
watching the goings-on in the Capitol for anything she might
find useful in the future. Garou are impossible to locate in Rich-
mond, as are changelings and mummies. It is likely that there
are none of these creatures in the city, though they may pass
through periodically.

The Progenitor laboratory in Church Hill churns out drugs

at an alarming rate. The New Renaissance wants information

on these Technomancers and wants it badly. Daniels and com-
pany sees these mages as a major cause of the corruption of the
city, and they want them gone. Not knowing much about
mages, they lump all of the city's mage population together
and are trying to find a way to clear them out completely.

The Quick and the Dead

The Capitol has frequent visitors at all hours of the day,
but particularly during the daylight. Delegates regularly come
through, and the Capitol police patrol the halls. The wraiths,
however, are not perturbed by these intrusions, taking it in
stride as part of being in the government.

Emotions can often run high in this building and run the
gamut from anger and hatred to lust and envy.

Richmond in the Land of the Quick has not been hit with
the renewal that many people have been trying for so desper-
ately in recent years. The city's decay continues at an alarm-
ing rate. Unassuming through the middle of the 20th century,
it reached new heights (lows?) of renown in 1985 by being the
city with the third highest murder rate in the nation. The ho-
micide figures in the first six months of 1994 were 45% above
the
had achieved its highest homicide rate ever.

irst six months of 1993, and by early September, the city

An immense drug culture has moved into the city. At-
tempts at urban renewal have been half-hearted and unsuc-
cessful for the most part. A mall built in the heart of down-
town Richmond is a much-mocked feature amid dilapidated
buildings that are either vacant or contain some of Richmond's
most frightening citizens. Historic Church Hill is one of the
homicide centers of the city, as is the former city of Manches-
ter, now labeled Southside. Small areas here and there through-
out the city have managed to be renovated and remain so, but
they are infrequent at best. Children and young couples have
become favorite targets for random murder, rape and other vio-
lence.

4 Seney Clay Daniels

The New Renaissance
Henry Clay Daniels Richmond Governor

Daniels was an ambitious young man from days in mili
tary school. He joined the Confederate Army as an officer
and enjoyed leading his men. While he was a good leader, he,

flamboyant young officers, but it was not to be. He was practi-
cal, caring and was popular with his men, but that was all. He

together as to how they could achieve similar renown.
When the war ended, he threw himself into Reconstruc.

natural politician and seemed to have a promising ca
of him. It was cut short in 1870 when the bottom fell out,
literally.

Crushed to death in the Capitol Disaster, he found him-
self a servant of the Hierarchy. He passed through a long series
of owners who traded him like money, but he listened and ab-
sorbed the politics of Sty
listened to his well-reasoned explanations of how useful he
could be as something other than a menial. Thrall. His foot on
the bottom rung of the Hierarchy ladder at last, he began a
ruthless climb to the top, determined to return'to Richmond

. Finally, he found someone who


Asa Centurion, he saved his Overlord from assassination
by Renegades. The Overlord, in gratitude, had him assigned
to Richmond asa Marshal. Daniels was horrified and dismayed

by the ill-managed Necropolis. He began organizing the Le-
gion under his command, rallying them to enforce the law of
Charon upon the dispirited city. He found Smythe, who be-
came one of his Centurions, and met Miss Emma Meade, who
became his secretary. With information gleaned from Miss
Meade's acquaintance, Ol' Moses, the trio quickly found a
means to accuse the Regent of accepting bribes from Heretics
as well as discrediting his longtime cronies, the other Mar-

shals.

As Regent, Daniels still did not have enough power to
make the sweeping changes he so desired for his beloved Rich-
mond, so Miss Meade found a tough old pioneer who "wit-
nessed" the "accidental" disappearance of an Overlord into a
large local Nihil. Daniels, who had conveniently ingratiated
himself with one of the Anacreons, replaced the unfortunate
Overlord. When the Anacreon he served disappeared myste-
riously not too long afterwards, Daniels quietly took his place
behind the Anacreon's mask. By the time anyone had the
slightest inkling about what had happened, Daniels had taken
hold of the reins of power.

Despite his heroic efforts in recent years, Richmond has
continued to decay, both in the Land of the Dead and the
Land of the Quick. Renegade groups have swamped the town,
and supernatural beings that call themselves vampires are found
through all levels of the city. Daniels is desperate to find a
means of reversing the trend.

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Director

iyi) Circle: The New Renaissance
NA Physi

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

I: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Law 3, Politics 4, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Haunt 3, Memoriam 2,
Hierarchy Status 2, Wealth 3

Passions: Renewing Richmond (Hope) 4, Renewing the spirit
of the South (Hope) 3, Make the Capitol the new Citadel
(Greed) 3

Arcanos: Argos 2, Lifeweb 5, Phantasm 3, Puppetry 3
Fetters: The Capitol, 2; His diary, held in the collection at
the Valentine Museum, 2

Willpower: 7

f) Pathos: 7

Shadow: Perfectionist

6 Angst: 6

Net 48 Haunts

Ss =
Verarinet

Thorns: Shadow Familiar (a small yellow bird)

Shadow Passions: Show the hypocrisy of the Hierarchy
(Vengeance) 3, Prove himself to be better than everyone
else (Anger) 4

Image: Daniels appears as a man in his mid-30s, with deep-
set, intense brown eyes; wavy, brown hair combed and parted
impeccably, a carefully clipped mustache and a thick beard
trimmed to a length of about an inch and a half. He wears a
dark vest, suit coat and trousers, starched white shirt and a
bow tie. He stands about 5'8" with an average, but athletic,
build.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a calm, charismatic, well-edu-
cated 19th century man. While you have not exactly been left
behind by the times, you still believe that manners and strict
justice can achieve more than screaming and violence. You
speak with a deep, measured voice that has been groomed for
public speaking.

Thomas Roberts Smythe

Smythe was an unimpressive student and a mediocre sol-
dier. However, he was an officer, and he was popular with his
men because of his "live and let live" philosophy with them.
His was a quiet passion for life and his patriotic duties. He met
Daniels during the War Between the States and was happy to
become the friend of this dynamic-seeming young officer. When
the war was over, they remained the best of friends, and Smythe
became something of a Sancho Panza to Daniels' Don Quixote,
watching in amusement and pity as he realized that his friend
would never be the amazing statesman he wanted so desper-
ately to be. Daniels frequently tilted with windmills in a meta-
phoric sense, trying to become the noble, tragic, yet heroic
figure that many Confederate officers had evolved into. He
seemed determined to be a great politician if he could not be a
hero, and Smythe was there to support him.

Smythe's last memory before death was watching the gal-
lery crash down upon his friend's head and inhaling a thick
cloud of dust that choked him into unconsciousness. His first
memory after death was having his sight suddenly clear and
staring into the cruel, gray eyes of a soldier. He heard a famil-
iar yell and looked up to see Daniels being clapped in irons
and led away. Smythe himself felt the irons close about his
wrists and neck and knew the irony of the enslavement of a
former Confederate officer.

After several years of groveling and ingratiating, Smythe
had become a Centurion in the ranks of the Emerald Lord.
Through his contacts and sources, he found Daniels and started
pulling strings to get to him. Since Smythe was known to be
dependable and not nearly courageous enough to rebel or as-
sassinate on his own, as well as being familiar with the city, he
was transferred to Richmond. He replaced another Centurion
who had been branded and busted down to scrub duty for ac-
cepting Renegade bribes. Daniels had changed in death into


qT tea

a

Thomns Roberts Smythe

-eyed heroic figure he had wanted to be in life. Smythe
fell easily back into his role as companion and sidekick, this
time with less pity and much more respect.

He supported his friend during his movements up the
ranks, helping Miss Meade with her complex machinations.
He does not trust her and constantly inspects her actions for
implications of her duplicity, but can prove nothing. He peri-
odically makes his feelings known to Daniels, who ignores him
completely. Smythe dislikes most of the other members of the
Circle that Daniels has gathered, particularly not trusting
McGuire and Zack. He likes and respects Powhatan Roberts,
the attorney that died with them in the Disaster. His feelings
for Miss Cole, however, run very deep, and any who impugn

her honor should be ready to duel.
Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Traditionalist
Circle: The New Renaiss
Phy
Social

nce

: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Leader-
ship 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, History 4, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Occult 1, Politics 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Haunt 3, Memoriam 2
Passions: Protect his descendants (Love) 2, Preserve
Richmond's history (Love) 3

Willpower: 8
Pathos: 6
Shadow: Parent

Angst: 6

Thorns: Shadow Trait (+2 Wits) , Tainted relic (eyeglasses)

Shadow Passions: Destroy lives and families (Anger) 3
Image: Smythe appears to be in his mid-30s, with a sallow
complexion, thinning, brown hair, a thick mustache, pale blue
eyes and a noticeably weak chin. He wears nondescript cloth-
ing in the style of the late 19th century.

Roleplaying Hints: You are more than happy to let the more
charismatic Daniels lead, but when he is not there, you will
take the burden. Speak softly, but with conviction.

Miss Emma Meade

Emma Meade was the toast of Richmond, the most pur-

sued and acclaimed belle during the first years of the 20th cen-
tury. She w

be the first to dance with her at a ball.

as so lovely that men fell to fisticuffs over who would

Emma, however, was intelligent enough to resent her po-
sition as a damsel who would eventually become nothing more
than a piece of property. She spent her time playing the men
off each other, toying with their affections, never quite dash-
ing them, but never quite committing to them either. She
dreamed of proving herself to them all as she grew older or,
better yet, finding a husband who would treat her as an equa

She never got the chance in life, however, after she fell
from a boat during a romantic afternoon on the James, and the
capricious currents of the river ripped her under and down-
stream. Emma awoke in the Shadowlands as gentle hands,
caul. An elderly lady smiled down at her, then
took her to a comfortable, musty home to recover. Her rescuer,

opened her

was now the lady's servant.
Emma endured the ever-more bizarre demands of her mi
tress with the patience of a saint. She continued her own edu-|
cation in the politics of the land, until she reached a point,
where she gave her mistress' teetering sanity the psychological
push necessary for her to be consumed by her Shadow. In the
ensuing chaos, Emma made her escape and found a position

for herself as a secretary. While working for the Marshal, she

encountered Ol' Moses. Something about him struck her as
odd, and she, with much careful investigation, deduced his
secret. She blackmailed him into helping her at first, but they
eventually evolved a friendship that verged on the romantic,
as it occurred to her that he was the intelligent, learned man
who could accept her as his equal.

aN

(

rer

aes.

x Wiss Emma Wende

Daniels noticed her soon after and claimed her for his own
. She believed in his desire to restore Richmond and
so engineered his ascent. She found the evidence that proved
his Regent was accepting bribes and implicated the other Mar-
shals. She found Miss Cole, who wined and dined and seduced
one of the Anacreons in the name of Daniels. She found
Meredith Babcock, the crusty old pioneer who would do any-
thing for a few oboli, and convinced him to push Daniels'
Overlord into a Nihil to be consumed by waiting Spectres.

secretal

} And finally, she and Dalton McGuire arranged disappearance
of the Anacreon who commanded Daniels and Daniels' slip-
ping behind the man's mask.
She has become extremely bitter toward Daniels. She re-
mains hi:
a position as an Overlord at least. Emma believes that he has

ecretary, though her services should have rated her

been consumed by ambition and is ignoring the city. She has

illings begin to con-
sume more innocent lives, particularly children, and hates it.
She and Moses are in the process of plotting a new angle, one
that might involve overthrowing the entire Citadel and start-
ing anew.

watched as the drug wars and random

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 3,
0 Leadership 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

i ~_

Skills: Etiquette 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges:
Politics 4
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 4, Haunt 3

Passions: Be recognized for her contributions (Pride) 3, Pro-
tect children (Love) 2

Bureaucracy 4, Computer 1, Investigation 4,

Arcanos: Argos 2, Castigate 2, Fatalism 2, Lifeweb 2, Phantasm 3
Fetters: Her grave in Hollywood Cemetery, 2; A locket with a
miniature of her in it, 3; Her favorite gold and emerald necklace, 3
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Freak

Angst: 5

Thorns: Shadow Arcanos (+3 Outrage)

Shadow Passions: Make others recognize her contributions
(Vengeance) 3, Avenge children (Vengeance) 3

Image: Miss Meade is a stunning blonde woman with classi-
cally beautiful features and bright, intelligent blue eyes. She
keeps her long, silky hair in an early 20th century, high society
coif and favors long dresses with loose sleeves, particularly when
she is with Daniels. She has, however, been seen with her hair
pulled into a pony tail and dressed in jeans and a T-shirt when
she is not on "busine:

Your intelligence and beauty are devas-

Roleplaying HInts:
tating, and you know it. However, you have been taught to be

a lady, and unless someone really deserves your raz
and vicious tongue, you never show anything but genteel man-
ners. Speak with a light Southern drawl.

Dalton Byrd McGuire

Dalton McGuire was a quadroon, and it ruined his life.
By virtue of the fact that one of his grandmothers had been
black, he was labeled a black man. It mattered not that he was
adirect descendant of the acclaimed first governor of Virginia,
William Byrd. Despite his intelligence and his success as a
banker, he was an outcast. Too light to be accepted easily by
blacks, yet too dark to "pass" as white, he was a bitter, sarcastic
soul.

Yet he was a gentleman and particularly polite to the la-
dies. Several took special note of this, but his one true love
was a lady named Lila Bright Handy, a beautiful, but married,
belle with skin like porcelain and golden hair. Knowing what
problems their adultery could cause, they had infrequent ren-
dezvous under an oak tree next to the James River. Their meet-
ings had a result: a lovely, dark-haired, dark-eyed daughter that
Lila only barely convinced her husband was his.

Luck being the fickle mistress that it is, her husband, a
large, alcoholic man given to fits of rage, discovered concrete
evidence of the affair. He raped his wife in a rage, then strangled
her and threw her body into the James. Handy then raised a


Dalton Byrd WMeGuiee

hue and cry about McGuire, who was swept up by the local
police and hauled off to Libby Prison. Shattered by Lila's death,
he went virtually catatonic from despair. Anger boiled inside

him, waiting for the pain to fade before manifesting itself. He
did not have time for that, as they had a trial at record-break-
ing speed. Before he knew what was happening, he received
last rites and was strapped into a hideous contraption with a
helmet. His last living memories were of agony and the smell
of charred flesh.

In the Shadowlands, he has distinguished himself as a man
who will do anything for a certain degree of power and the
possibility of bettering "living" conditions. He was instrumen-
tal in Miss Meade's plot to make an Anacreon disappear and
still carries the whimpering obolus that was the obnoxious
politico. He is relatively disdainful of most of the circle, though
he likes Randy Stewart, the hapless medical student who was
until lately the circle's Thrall. Miss Meade has his respect, but
resembles his lost Lila too much for him to comfortably be
with her for any length of time.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 3
Skills: Firearms 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Finance 4, Investigation 2, Law 2
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Haunt 3, Notoriety 1
Passions: Free the oppressed (Hope) 4, Fight injustice (Ven-
geance) 4

Arcanos: Argos 3, Inhabit 3, Pandemonium 3, Usury 2
Fetters: His daughter and her family, 4; The pieces that are
left of Libby Prison (the bronze caps from the towers), 2; An
oak tree along the James River, 3

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 8

Shadow: Martyr

Angst: 7

Thorns: Shadow life (a Renegade spy called Blackbyrd)
Shadow Passions: Kill police (Vengeance) 3

Image: McGuire is a tall, wiry man in his late 20s with neatly
combed, thick, black hair, hazel eyes and a not-quite-cafe-au-
lait complexion. His usual clothing of choice includes
pinstriped, double-breasted suits with narrow ties and gold

cufflinks.

hint of sarcas

Ol Moses (the Reverend Moses Elijah Hari)

Moses was a young black preacher with a college degree

n surface in their presence.

and a sunny future when a horse's hoof caved in hi
the Shadowlands, he discovered that a literate black man with,
cohesive and eloquent arguments engendered little trust, re-
spect or action, as in the Land of the Living. He spent several,
years studying Arcanos and learning skills to help him in the

offices. Funny how sometimes that information finds its way
into the hands of some of the less corrupt Hierarchy officials
and, occasionally, to the Renegades or Heretics. He never ac-
cepts payment for this information in anything more concrete
than favors. As a result, he has many different escape routes
and strings to pull if he is ever discovered.

Chapter Three: Richmond Capital

ra

= 77

Emma Meade discovered him, but something about her
intensity and determination let Moses trust her. Their rela-
tionship began on their mutual ability to see beyond the other's
facade. The strong friendship and romantic tension between
them keeps him on his toes, less likely to let something slip
about his role than he would have been before. He pities Dalton
McGuire and frequently interacts with Zack, the Artificer. Miss
Cole sets his teeth on edge, and Daniels worries him. He and
Emma are considering instigating radical reforms of the Rich-
mond Citadel.

Nature: Care;
Demeanor: Conformist
Strength 2, Dex

erity 2, Stamina 3

Yharisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talen reetwise 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills
Knowledges: Investigation 4, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Eidolon 3, Haunt 3
Passions: Battle corruption wherever it hides (Faith) 3, Fight
injustice (Hope) 3, Console the hopeless (Hope) 2

Arcanos: Argos 1, Castigate 3, Keening 2, Moliate 5
Fetters: His church, 3; His birthplace, 3

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Acting 4, Alertness 3, Brawl
Firearms 2, Music 3, Security 3, Stealth 4

Shadow: Leech
Angst: 6
Thorns: Shadow Life (a man of demonic visage calling him-
self Mephisto)

Shadow Passions: Sow despair and ruin (Hatred) 4, Corrupt
others (Hatred) 3

Image: Ol' Moses is an elderly black man with a lined, weath-
ered face, muttonchop sideburns and close-cropped iron gray
hair. He looks like he might once have been a tall, vital man,
but is now bent and gnarled. He has perhaps half of his origi-
nal teeth, and those that are left are brown and shrunken. His
big hands have a slight tremor, and his eyes are a bit milky.

Roleplaying Hints. Sing or hum religious hymns. You sing
and speak in a resonant basso voice. In answering questions,
be cryptic in such a way as to make the unwary think you are
siaply penile

Other members of the New Renaissance:

Miss Rebecca Cole, a Southern belle from the 1940s whose
talents and interests run to seduction and intrigue. Having
heard war stories and read many books, she fancies h ome-
thing of a Mata Hari figure. In recent years, she k
pair of barghests who act as her personal bodyguards and are
useful when she needs to detect Heretics or Renegades quickly.

quired a

Powhatan Roberts, a Virginia attorney who died in the
Capitol Disaster. He respects Daniels and his accomplishments
and enjoys the company of someone he knew in life. He fre-
quently serves as a devil's advocate in the Circle.

Meredith Babcock, a pioneer and scout from the early
1700s, is considered to be not much more than a large slab of
plasm that can fight. He has a shrewd mind, however, and of-
ten enjoys discourse with Miss Meade.

Zachariah "Zack" Crutchfield, a Negro blacksmith from
the Wild West. He is as massive in build as Babcock, but his
nearly unmatchable skill as an Artificer is his reason for being
in the Circle.

Randolph Stewart was an unfortunate third year medical
student at the Medical College of Virginia who misjudged a
speeding vehicle on Broad Street. Collected by the fortuitously
close McGuire, he has only recently moved beyond being a
Thrall to using his talents to help Daniels' quest for power.

Story ideas

© The characters are approached by an acquaintance who
informs them that someone is willing to procure their services
as spies and potential enforcers. They are sent to Richmond,
where they are met by Miss Meade. She wants information on
the Tombstone Gang, a group of Renegades based in Church


Hill. She gives them information to leak to the Gang to win © Miss Meade's plots are finally uncovered, and she is to
their trust, if necessary, but the party realizes that the informa-

tion is about placement of defenses and soldiers at the Citadel.

be transported to Stygia for trial and punishment. She is being,

accompanied by several members of New Renaissance, some
Do they turn her in and win themselves higher renown and
rank in the Hierarchy, or do they help and possibly mark them-
selves as Renegades?

* One of the characters is charmed by Miss Cole. Smythe —Stygia.
takes great umbrage at the character's supposed damaging of © The characters find a battered and drained wraith, morel
Miss Cole's honor and challenges him to a duel. If the charac-_ than half-mad, who claims to have been the Overlord that¥
ters do not abide by common manners and gentility, the duel Babcock pushed into a Nihil. The characters set out to gc

could devolve into a free-for-all. find out the truth, locate all guilty parties, and execute them

Chap

pter Thre

e: Richmond Capital 53



Don't awaken the dead as you sleepwalk around.
If you have a dream, brother, hush, not a sound.
Just stand there and rust, die if you must,

And play the game

—Richard Thompson, "Can't Win"

uilt just before the second wave of casino
expansion, The Hanging Gardens Hotel
and Casino briefly dominated Atlantic
City's skyline in the early 1980s. Since
then, however, it has yielded pride of place
to larger, newer, and more vital gambling

houses. Profits have fallen every year since
1987, and the fickle public is no longer amused by anything so
ordinary as mere gardens. The Hanging Gardens is dying,
slowly, and all involved with the casino's operation know it.
Even as the casino withers in the land of the Quick,
though, it blossoms in the Shadowlands. Here are the greatest
pleasures the unlife of a wraith can offer: the thrill of gambling
the currency of souls; arenalike Blood Pits with matches fierce

Heretical te Or '
Riders of the Wheel

By Richard Dansky
Haunt Level: 3
Memoriam Level: 2

enough to satisfy the most avid bloodlust; freedom from the
watchful eyes of the Hierarchy; and, above all, the razo
emotions of the Quick. It is here that thi
bloat themselves; here that desperation and ecstas
nal sensuality and brutal physical pain exist side by side, often
in the same mortal shell.

inrid

For the Heretics rule the Hanging Gardens, and they per-
mit these abuses not out of laxity, but out of faith. Chance is
their god, Luck their patron, and abandon their worship. Tran-
scendence will come when it will, and it can be found in a
throw of the dice or a spin of the wheel, if it chooses to be
found at all. And so the wraiths of the Hanging Gardens wait
in their Haunt and welcome all comers, for Luck alone knows
whose dice it will ride, and when, and to where.

Chapter Four: The Hanging Gardens


The Hanne Gardens

n the world of the Quick, the Hanging
My Gardens has shrunk to' insignificance on

the Atlantic City skyline. A mere 24 sto-
ries tall, it is dwarfed by such colossi as
ar's, the Golden Nugget, and Trump's
Taj Mahal. Gray and solid, it would seem
more an office building than a casino were
it not for its two extensions: the amusement pier, and the gar-
dens from which it derives its name. The pier, complete with
carnival rides and games, extends gaudily into the Atlantic,
but its bright lights and brighter colors are at odds with the
notoriety it attracts. Seven times in the past year, some un-
lucky soul has threaded his or her way past the cotton-candy
booths and the tilt-a-whirl rides to the low wall at the end of
the pier, clambered up its seagull-scarred surface, and plunged
into the waters below. Though the New Jersey Parks Commis-
sion estimates the depth of the water to be no more than 15
feet, none of the suicides' bodies has ever been recovered, or
even seen once the leap has been made. Those with a scien-
tific bent mumble of sharks or strange currents caused by the
pier's unusual structure; others have darker theories.
The gardens are what give the hotel its name and its iden-
tity, however, and they are truly magnificent. Set off in a
massive greenhouse attached to the main building by an el-
evated walkway, the gardens house exotic flora from around
the world. The motif is what some crazed designer imagined
Babylonian might have been, and so frescoes of llamasu and
other ancient Mesopotamian images decorate the vine-cov
ered walls. Lengthy flowerbeds hang suspended from the ceil-
ing by steel cables mocked up to look like twining vines; from
these spill profusions of flowers. Squads of gardeners work
around the clock to ensure that flowers are constantly in bloom,
and one section of the greenhouse roof actually retracts, al-
lowing the gardens to be opened to the sea air during days of
good weather. Winding paths wend their way through the
lush greenery, and often one can take no more than a dozen
steps before being completely isolated amid silent walls of ver-
dure. The plants themselves are as bizarre as money and im-
port laws will allow; it is not uncommon to encounter a giant
blossom that stinks of rotting meat side by side with delicately
sparkling sundews and peonies nodding under the weights of
their own blooms. How the gardeners coax the disparate spe-
cies to coexist is a mystery, but the effect is spectacular. There
is a negative aspect to this lush growth, though; any patron
caught damaging a plant is immediately expelled from the pre-
mises. No doubt this draconian policy has cost the casino a
great deal of business over the years, but it remains firm.


To the Dead, however, the gardens are not so inviting.
One might expect them to be sere and withered, but rather,
they are vibrant with a growth that can only be described as
cancerous. The vines have conquered all; they have pulled
down the flowerbeds and choked off the paths, turned the
walkway into a living tunnel and strangled the sides of the
tower. Even inside the building itself, the threadbare luxuries
are shot through with probing, searching tendrils of green.
There is literally nowhere in the Hanging Gardens where the
gardens themselves do not reach, and while there is a sort of
life in these pulsing cables, it is a feverish, desperate life.

The gambling floor itself is kept relatively free of this un-
wholesome plant life, and here, perhaps, is the truer marvel of
this place. It is the sanctum sanctorum of Chance's worship-
pers, and thus it manages to be simultaneously crass and rever-
ential. Rows upon rows of relic slot machines, each beloved of
and cursed by thousands of the Quick in its time, stand ready
to swallow the oboli of those wraiths who either feel lucky or
who simply cannot control their addictions. As each of these
machines has been invested with Pathos by an acolyte of the
Riders of the Wheel cult, a rare jackpot can be tallied in emo-
tional fodder as well as in brightly ringing oboli.

There are card tables as well, manned by Heretic dealers
faithfully working dog-eared decks discarded by their living
counterparts. Gorged with Pathos, a beautifully conditioned
relic Wurlitzer jukebox sits in one corner; when sated with
oboli it plays loudly enough to drown out the moans from
within its belly. More Heretic Lemures serve as cashiers, ready
to reward Chance's favorites with glistening stacks of coins.
Generally, though, Chance favors the house. Very rarely is it
intimated by some unlucky loser that the house has in fact
stacked the odds in its favor. This accusation is regarded as
pure blasphemy by the true believers of the Hanging Gardens,
and if one repeats the comment one is likely to find oneself
forged into coin and condemned to the belly of a one-armed
bandit.

Where the hotel's management erects stages in the park-
ing lot for the rare boxing match or concert in the realm of the
Quick, the Restless find the Blood Pits. Little more than gouges
in the sand, these chambers are arenas where wraiths battle
for a variety of reasons, including hatred, profit, and enter-
tainment. Combats in the Pits are huge spectator draws, and
those watching a match often throw in coins, relics, or even
each other. Each Pit is overseen by an acolyte of Chance
whose functions are to officiate over the match and to take
bets on the action. Cheating would be smiled upon here, ex-
cept that there are no rules to break. After all, any advantage
a combatant might garner is nothing more than a product of
Chance. The fact that Chance sometimes disguises itself as a
knife tossed into the Pit by an overzealous spectator is of little
concern, at least to the acolyte.

The current champion of these Pits is Anders Bjelland,
personal bodyguard to the Lord of this Heretic Citadel and a
former professional boxer. Whenever it is rumored that "The
Norwegian Nightmare" is about to enter the ring, even the
gaming tables empty as wraiths rush out to catch the spec-
tacle. The fact that Delf Salhany, Bjelland's liege, inevitably
bets heavily against his protégé adds a touch of intrigue to the
matches and perhaps swells the crowds.

Above the gambling floor are the chambers that corre-
spond to the rooms of the hotel. Certain of these are occupied
by resident wraiths; these rooms have acquired reputations for
being "haunted" in the Skinlands, and it is entirely possible
that this label has helped to decrease the traffic of the more
superstitious Quick over the years. Most of the chambers,
though, are generally empty, used for the occasional tryst or
Skinride, but generally left to the ever-patient vines.

The amusement pier, on the other hand, appears as a deso-
late stretch of twisted steel and rusty powder. To the Dead,
the tilt-a-whirl is already nothing more than a pile of rusting
beams and moldering wooden shells, and the mortal who rides
it is no more than a mourner at a particularly perverse wake.
At the end of this wasteland surge the dirty gray waters of the
sea, occasionally sloping over onto the surface of the pier. A
whirlpool bubbles and throbs just offshore; its turbulent sur-
face hides a Nihil that is almost constantly open. What use
the Malfeans have for the seawaters pouring through into the
Tempest is uncertain, but it is generally accepted that the ser-
vants of Oblivion have every idea of what to do with those
unfortunate wraiths who are fed to the hungry sea.

The Quick

Humans still come to the Hanging Gardens, of course,
but not the big spenders or high rollers that a casino must cul-
tivate as carefully as a gardener tends roses. Rather, the eld-
erly come here, and the desperate — those who have little to
lose and focus themselves on the slim chance of gain. Few
families come to the Hanging Gardens, and only those honey-
mooning couples unable to afford the more expensive accom-
modations offered elsewhere on the Boardwalk. The traffic is
steady rather than bustling, and only by keeping the gambling
floor open around the clock can the casino remain afloat.

On the whole, a Hanging Gardens patron is far more con-
cerned with how he is going to spend the big score that he
knows, knows is waiting for him at the next pull of the lever
than with how he is going to pay for his room once he has
emptied his pockets. The optimism here is forced and fevered,
because few of the Quick who walk into the Gardens can af-
ford the luxury of entertaining the possibility of failure. The
emotional atmosphere is thick and charged, and Pathos scuds
through the halls like cigarette smoke. The Hanging Gardens
is no place for reserve, after all, and this holds true whether
one is speaking of emotional reserve or financial.

Chapter Four: The Hanging Gardens

euses cards as a meditation

Ri) And those he plays never suspect

| He doesn't play for the money he wins
He doesn't play for respect
He deals the cards to find the answer
The sacred geometry of chance
The hidden law ofa probable outcome
The numbers lead a dance.
—Sting, "The Shape of Your Heart"

Atlantic City did not attract a massive population of Rest-
less until after gambling was legalized here in 1980. To be certain,
there were scores of Enfants and even older Dead wandering the
decrepit streets, bound by Fetters of happier times in innocent
summers, but the city as a whole was ignored by Hierarch and
Heretic alike. If there were Renegades here, well, they were wel-
come to as much poverty and dirty sand as they wanted.

However, the gambling came. No one is sure whose was the
initial impetus for this idea. Some say that vampires with finan-
cial interests in the city were responsible, others point to the in-
fluence of Technomancers wishing to have a place in which they
might attempt to harness large-scale chaos, and a few naive souls
postulate that the profit available to mortal state senators was the
key. In the end, the question is irrelevant. The gambling came,
and with it came the cult of the Riders of the Wheel.

Originally the Riders were an honorable, exceedingly respect-
able group within the Hierarchy. Devoted to explaining life (and
death) in terms of the movements of the archetypal Wheel of
Fortune, the cult found its greatest popularity immediately after
the time of its inception in the 14th century. The Riders' thinly

) disguised theory of predestination won favor in Stygia; it was whis-
pered that they had the patronage of the Lady of Fate, and that
Charon himself looked kindly on their teachings. But belief in
the power of the individual grew, and every cultist who decided
that she could do better elsewhere sapped the Riders' strength
twice over merely by her belief in the power todo. The cult weak-
ened and fell out of favor, and the central idea of the inexorable
Wheel of Fate was slowly replaced by an unshakable faith in the
notion of blind, fickle Chance controlling all.

The Messianic element, the promise that Transcendence would
come through Chance ifat all, was added to the core doctrine in 1797
by a Philadelphia moneylender of German-Jewish extraction named
Benjamin Levy. He had watched his friend Haym Salomon provide a
sizable portion of the financing for George Washington's army through
a series of what could only be termed financial miracles. A cautious
man, Levy watched in amazement as Salomon conquered seemingly
insurmountable odds, and something in his deeply conservative soul
was shaken loose. He became convinced that sheer Chance had en-
abled the rebellious colonies to defeat Britain, sheer Chance was all

Haunts


that had allowed Salomon to perform his miraculous feats, and that if
sheer Chance could pull off these feats, it could accomplish anything.
Levy became reckless in business, and his investments foundered. By
June of 1787 he was bankrupt; by August he was dead of yellow fever,
still cursing the bad luck that had laid him low. Levy's demise did not
remove his conviction that Chance ruled the universe; in fact it
strengthened and crystallized this belief. Within a decade of his post-
humous awakening he was as close to a leader as the Riders had. His
belief in the ultimate power of Chance permeated the cult's philoso-
phy, and the Riders became disparagingly known as "Levy's Levies."
Even this contempt soon subsided, though. The cult was too small,
too weak even to attract proper derision.

It was not until Bugsy Siegel made his fateful trip to the Ne-
vada desert that the Riders sensed the possibility fora rise to promi-
nence. Surely it was blind Fate that had sent a Brooklyn mobster
into the western wastes to build a temple to Chance? In any
event, when gambling came to Las Vegas, the Riders were ready.
The Flamingo was built to Levy's whispered specifications as a
temple to his true god, and the games came. The Riders grew
prosperous and numerous again, and even if converts gave only
lip service to Levy's ideas, the rewards of service were such that
said lip service was given with enthusiasm. The towers that pierced
the neon night were citadels of Chance to the Dead as well as the

vy held as much power as any Anacreon.

Then came stagnation. While Las Vegas was the land of
plenty to the Riders, their scope of activity was sadly limited. Only
in the Nevada desert was there legal gambling for America's Quick,
and Levy's attempts to infiltrate those gambling halls run by Na-
tive Americans were unceremoniously rebuffed by potent native
spirits whom neither Levy nor the Riders could comprehend. The
Riders were powerful in Las Vegas, yes, but they were hemmed in
there, and while initially their trumpeted tales of Transcendence
amid a slot machine's discharge of coin were listened to eagerly by
those ripe to be converted, the tales grew old quickly. The Riders
were beginning to rot when, suddenly, Chance intervened again,
in the form of the New Jersey Casino Commission. Levy's Levies
were not fooled by this disguise, however. They knew their god,
even in such humble guise. Only Chance could have offered them
this gift, and if Chance had offered it, Chance could take it
again just as quickly. Within hours of the legalization of gambling
in Atlantic City, one of Levy's most trusted lieutenants, Delf
Salhany, marched east with dozens of followers.

urprisingly, Salhany did not choose to infest the first casino
to open on the Atlantic shores. The atmosphere was too rigid,
too controlled, for more than a few of the Dead to receive proper
sustenance. Instead, Salhany decreed, they would wait. They
would wait for another temple to open, and perhaps another, and
eventually a serviceable one would be provided for them. Until
then, the streets and slums of Atlantic City would serve as a home,
and if any complained of the paucity of spiritual meat here, in the
shadow of the temples, he did not do so more than once. Then,
in 1981, the Gardens began to rise, and after the third man was
killed during its construction, Salhany made his decree: this would
be home.

Chapter Four: The Hanging Gardens 59 Y


A Note on the Vines

Many have speculated on the nature of the
intense, cancerous growth that enfolds the
Hanging Gardens. The official Levyite party
line is that Chance favors this spot, blessing it
alone with growth instead of decay. Unde
standably, many outsiders (and some insiders)
have trouble believing this. The truth of the
matter is known only to three souls: Salhany,
Bjelland, and the enigmatic soulsmith who lives
in the basement (see below). The initial inves-
titure of the Gardens was heavily contested by
a pack of Doppelgangers, who boiled up out of
the undersea Nihil. These creatures were
back, and those wraiths who partici
initial battles simply assumed that the Corpora
of the defeated Spectres was forged into
Salhany's own coin. Some were, but most were
tormented into mindlessness and then Moliated
into vine form by Salhany himself. Thus they
serve as an enduring monument to Salhany's
personal power. A fair amount of the Pathos gen-
erated in the casino is actually fed to the vines,
and it is Bjelland's belief that at some point,
Salhany wishes to replace the Gardens' build-
ing with walls of living, twisted green

The Dead invested the skeleton of the structure immedi-
ately, and the deaths of construction workers continued. All
told, 11 men were killed during the building of the Hanging

Gardens. Many of these were pressed into thralldom by
¥ Salhany's followers, as were the drunks who froze to death on
its steps, the hookers murdered in its shadow, and the two union
officials ambushed and shot while investigating the unsafe

working conditions on the site. The living tower and the dead

joie rose simultaneously; and| on the day the‘caino opened)
Saihany. Himsale Skinrode the' finer womanito'eoniure a. ack=
pot from the casino's vaults. It was, he remarked

avely, a
religious experience.

For the Riders, the decade since has been marked indelibly
by Salhany's presence. He rules here without so much as a shadow
of opposition. Except for Bjelland, his bodyguards
te here:

naires who have been seduced into the Levy

men and women have retained their professionalism despite their
change in employer. While the Riders have very little formal
structure, whatever order there is dictates what role an initiate
plays in the running of the temple/casino. Recent converts and
(harvested Enfants are pressed into menial service, forced to invest

their Pathos in the gambling paraphernalia. Older followers and
new converts of remarkable potential are generally assigned to
the tables or the casino floor. Only the most trusted and powerful
Riders are allowed to judge the combats in the Pits, and above
them all looms Salhany. Remarkably, the Riders will free any
thrall who converts to their worship, but any attempt at falsifying
devotion is inevitably detected and dealt with harshly. As Levy
himself remarked during a visit, Salhany has created for himself
an "Orthodoxy of Chaos.

As the Gardens grew in power and prestige in the world
of the Dead, the Hierarchy turned its sluggish attention to
quashing this vibrant Heretic outpost, but the Hierarchy's sole
attempt to reduce the casino by force was soundly defeated in
1986. All the mortals of the city knew was that the Philadel-
phia mob's attempt to exercise control over the gambling trade
had failed both miserably and publicly. The Dead knew more,
but told the living no tales. To add insult to the Hierarchy'
injury, most of the casualties among the living generated by
the conflict were Reaped by Salhany's followers and pressed
into religious thralldom.

These days, the Hierarchy attempts a more subtle tack,
infiltrating the casino with spies who attempt to discredit the

house with whispered rumors of marked relic decks and fixed
Blood Pit fights. Thus far, these attempts have been unsuc-
cessful, but as even Salhany would admit, who knows what
the morrow will bring for the worshippers of Chance?

Relations with Others

The World of Darkness has left Atlantic City mostly to
the Restless Dead. Many of the richer hotels are dominated
by wealthy vampires, but to them, the Hanging Gardens are
beneath notice. It is highly unlikely that any of the Giovanni
in Atlantic City have even set foot in the Gardens. While
there are Lupines in the Pine Barrens swamps not too far north
of Atlantic City, they keep to themselves. Mages can be found
in relative abundance here, but both their squabbles and their
powers are strictly second-rate. They are merely acting out a
skirmish of the real war going on in Las Vegas. The same sides
are set up; the guns and armies are merely smaller. Most of the
mages have divined that something fishy is occurring at the

Hanging Gardens, but their attention is focused on the under-
sea Nihil. Several Technomancers have disappeared investi-
gating it, and Salhany worries that soon the Technocracy will
descend in force.


rel salary

Born in 1794 to a Syrian prostitute and a French sailor
(who subsequently deserted mother and child), Salhany was
on his own at an early age. His only memento of his father
was a dog-eared deck of cards, to which he clung religiously as
a symbol of the man who would someday return and rescue
him from squalor. Of course, his father never came, and Delf
took to supporting himself by demonstrating that the laws of
chance do not apply to a good card player. By the time he was
16 he'd acquired enough of a stake to leave Damascus for the
gambling dens of Europe, and for 30 years the pots of Marseilles
and Monaco tumbled into his lap. Among gamblers he was
legendary. When Year 31 came around, however, Salhany sud-
denly began losing, badly and incessantly. He drifted from the
palaces of Europe to the riverboats of the Mississippi, and
thence to the corner bars and doorstep craps games of St. Louis
and New Orleans. In desperation, he made a clumsy attempt
at marking his favorite cards, and was caught. The prospec-
tive dupe was not amused and promptly perforated his would-
be duper. Gasping at the unfairness of it all, Delf Salhany
expired.

Convinced that by marking his talisman deck he had be-
trayed his father and the cards, and thus brought his death
upon himself, Salhany could not rest peacefully. He had the
good fortune, however, to be Reaped by the newly potent Ben-
jamin Levy. Levy, perhaps inaccurately, sensed a kindred spirit
Enfant before him, and within a decade Salhany was
ight-hand man and pupil. For a century and a half, the
two shaped the destiny of the Riders. Levy's exuberance and
Salhany's tacti

in the

brilliance were equal factors in the cult's re-
turn to prominence. Of late, though, the two have grown some-
what apart; indeed, the Atlantic City colonization experiment
was in many ways an attempt by Levy to defuse mounting ten-
sions between him and Salhany.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Director

Circle: The Riders of the Wheel

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Expres-
sion 1, Intimidation 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 1, Leadership 5, Meditation 2, Melee 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Lin-
guistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Artifact 5 (dagger that adds four dice
to any Moliate roll when used; 51 cards of the deck his father
left him, which automatically grant Luck to the bearer) Haunt 3,
Memoriam 2, Mentor 4 (Levy), Status 5, Wealth 5

Delf Salhany

By cy 7
= = =

Passions: Achieve Transcendence through the workings of
Chance (Religious Fervor) 5, Order the Hanging Gardens per-
fectly (Desire for Control) 3, Shepherd others into Transcen-
dence via Rider doctrine (Love) 2

Arcanos: Argos 2, Castigate 4, Fatalism 3, Moliate 4, Pup-
petry 3, Usury 3

Fetters: The last remaining card from the deck his father left
him (Salhany has most of the deck in Artifact form, and only } J
one card survives in the world of the Quick. It is currently ¢
part of the permanent "History of Gambling" display in the
casino's lobby, and Salhany is fiercely protective of it.), 3; The
Hanging Gardens itself, 5

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 7

Thorns: Tainted Relic (mask) 2, Trick of the Light, Freudian Slip
Shadow Passions: Annihilate Levy and all that h
(Envy) 5, Shatter the faith Bjelland all the rest of the Riders
have in Salhany (Hate) 4

Image: Salhany appears as a short, plain-featured man of som
what dark complexion. His hair is black and short, but
eyes are a dazzling shade of green. He wears loose-fitting trou-

0
"
0
"
Q
"
0
Q
Q
")
6
Q
0
0
0
0
Q
0
0

nds for

sers and shirts in neutral colors; the flash of his dagger at his
hip is the only spot of brightness on his Corpus. Of late, he
has occasionally taken to wearing a mask in public; the mask
is gray and resembles nothing so much as the iconic mask of
tragedy. He always wears black leather gloves.

Chapter Four: The Hanging Gardens 61g

You are a plotter and a planner, not an
impulsive leader. Miss no detail, and file each away for its

fy inevitable later use. You always travel with either a trio of
WOM Legionnaires or Bjelland, not for purposes of protection so much

ih as for intimidation. While you do genuinely follow the faith

knowledge of your eventual Transcendence, and you are no less
confident in the continued success of the Hanging Gardens.

Anders "The Norwegian Nightmare' Bjelland

Anders Bjelland had two passions growing up in Oslo:
boxing, and trying to figure out exactly how the world worked.
The former interest led him to the ring as a student, and even-
D tually as high as #6 in the WBC heavyweight rankings. The
B latter led him to college, and eventually graduate school, as a
student of philosophy. Surprisingly, he was able to balance
ivand evenneconcilechsewonnertane because (ie formenmade
WA it financially possible to pursue the latter. However, boxing
I beckoned more brightly, and when Bjelland signed on for a
Id fight at the Hanging Gardens against aging former champion
qf Lester Riddox, his financial future was all but assured. The
| JAX sports media, desperate for a "Great White Hope," immedi-
ately dubbed him "the Norwegian Nightmare" and began pro-
moting him out of all proportion. Horribly embarrassed and
not at all comfortable with the label that had been slapped

and knocked his opponent to the canvas in under a minute.
Riddox never regained consciousness, and died in an Atlantic
City hospital a week later.

Deeply introspective at the best of times, Bjelland now
withdrew into himself so completely that his personality be-
came a cipher. Horrified by the possibility of killing another
opponent, he fought tentatively and never won another bout.
Obsessed with the question of his moral responsibility for
Riddox's death, he abandoned most of his studies and vegetated
in his parents' home in Oslo. By August of 1985 he was a shell
of his former self and resolved both to end his misery and to
make some sort of symbolic atonement. Accordingly, he spent
the last of his savings on three things: a plane ticket from Oslo
to New York, a bus ticket from New York to Atlantic City, and
a.22 caliber pistol. On the very spot where the fatal stage had
been erected a year earlier, Bjelland deliberately placed the
pistol in his mouth, angled it, and pulled the trigger.

Of course, this brought him into the afterlife in the middle
of Salhany's newly created Blood Pits, specifically one in which
a match was under way. Bjelland's caul was ripped from him
by the combatants, and the catcalls of the spectators made it
very clear that he could expect to be enslaved by the winner.
This information being assimilated, Bjelland simply arose and
did the logical thing: he defeated both of the squabbling
wraiths. Salhany, watching, was impressed, and offered to take
Bjelland under his wing. The boxer accepted, and ever since
he has served Salhany faithfully for reasons of his own.
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Conformist
Circle: The Riders of the Wheel
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Drive 2, Leadership 2, Meditation 2, Melee 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Oc-
cult 1, Philosophy 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Haunt 3, Memoriam 2, Status 3
Passions: Atone for the death of Lester Riddox in any way
possible (Guilt) 4, Protect Salhany (Loyalty) 3, Win the love
of Tania Erwin (Love) 2
Arcanos: Argos 1, Moliate 4, Outrage 3, Usury 3
Fetters: The Hanging Gardens parking lot, 3
Willpower: 9
Pathos: 8
Shadow: The Monster
Angst: 8
Thorns: Devil's Dare, Infamy 1


Shadow Passions: Make Bjelland violently lose control and
hurt a great many people (Hate) 4, Find Riddox's shade and
kill him all over again (Vengeance) 2, Annihilate what re-
mains of Tania Erwin (Envy) 3

Image: Bjelland appears exactly as he did in life: blond,
bearded, and gigantic. Somewhat improbably, his thick, black-
rimmed gle
as well, and he wears them even in the arenas. When fight-
ing, Bjelland strips down to a pair of blue-and-red shorts. Oth-
ademic, in tweeds

have made the transition to the Shadowlands

erwise, he tends to prefer looking quietly 2

and

alvaged relic pipe. He will pay highly for relic tobacco,
especially of good quality.
Roleplaying Hints: You have never been a thrall and quite
. deliberately close your eyes to that aspect of the Riders' exist-
ence. You hate the preconceived notion that as a boxer, you
y literate

must be stupid, and will occasionally be ostentatiously
in order to demonstrate once and for all how intelligent you
really are. Quote esoteric philosophers and obscure poets (or
just make up quotes and attach names to them) at the slight-

est pretext and insert them into the conversation. Depreca-
tion of Salhany in your presence is flat-out foolish, despite the

fact that Salhany always bets against you in the arena, and it is

one of a very few activities capable of moving you to unpre-
meditated violence.

iosif Czenczick

Growing up, losif Czenczick wanted to be a spy. In truth,

he would have made an excellent one, except for two minor

details: he was the child of Polish immigrants, and he reached
manhood during the 1950s. At the height of McCarthyist
fervor, the chances of an Eastern European being recruited into
the American intelligence community were somewhat less than
infinitesimal. So, instead he sold lighting fixtures, very suc-

cessfully, and read all of the Morris West and John Le Carre he

could get his hands on. To his dying day, he knew that he
would have made a great spy.

After the usual preliminaries, the Hierarchy gave him that
chance, and immediately assigned him to the infiltration and
subversion of the Hanging Gardens. Unfortunately, this was a
case of talented amateur versus experienced master, and within
aweek losif had been identified and isolated from any possible
Hierarchy support. Salhany, amused by this little man's sheer
gumption and dogged determination to be a spy, forestalled
the usual practice of smelting him down for coin or feeding
him to the Nihil. Instead, Salhany began feeding false infor-
mation to losif through the offices of Helene Rysavy, with
whom Czenczick has convinced himself that he is in love. Most
members of Salhany's inner circle derive a great deal of amuse-

ment from losif's antics, particularly when Rysavy is around.
Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Circle: The Hierarchy

77

* s
(im Tosif Csenegick

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Disguise 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges:

Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 4, Law 2, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Memoriam 1, Mentor 2, Wealth 3
Passions: Bring down the Hanging Gardens around Salhany's
ears (Hatred) 3, Show what a wonderful spy he is (Lifelong
Dream) 2, Find some way to have the Restless equivalent of
1950s TV sitcom family with Rysavy (Love) 1

Argos 2, Embody 2, Fatalism 4, Usury 2

; The Boardwalk, 1

Arcanos:

Fetters: Surviving family in the area,

Willpowe
Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 6

Thorns: Shadow Life, Soul Gem 2
Shadow Passions:
Rysavy (Lust) 2, Depress Czenczick enough to have him jump
into the Nihil (Envy) 3, Bring Spectres into the Hanging Gar-
dens and wreak havoc therein (Rage) 3

Image:
such stands out almost immediately in a crowd. He wears what
he feels spies ought to wear: namely, a fedora, trench coat, and
dark sunglasses. Underneath it all, Iosif is a small, pale, mousy

Make a very public sexual conquest of

zenczick does his best to look inconspicuous. ..and as


man with sandy hair and a meek expression. His appearance
is the subject of much laughter among the Riders, which makes
Czenczick very touchy. ,

H Roleplaying Hints: You know that you have been neutralized
and are made furious by the fact. However, your belief that
you are being underestimated and your fear of failure have kept
you from reporting your status back to your superiors. Instead,
you send incessant telegrams of braggadocio; if those reports
were to be believed, the Hanging Gardens should have fallen
to your wit and ingenuity alone nearly a decade ago. As is,
you are incredibly frustrated, in terror of both sides. You spend
half your time concocting the lies you are going to send back

home, and the other half gambling. Any player character who
gives you the slightest scrap of real knowledge will have won a
friend for life, and, more importantly, a puppy dog for all eter-
\h nity. Delf
more annoying of late, and this trend will, if not reversed, in-
evitably lead you to the Nihil.

Tania Erwin

A college student from Ramapo, Tania was the Hanging
Gardens' first winner. With one pull of a slot machine handle,
she won $62,000 and a lifelong addiction. Most of the money
immediately went back into the slot machines, which she knew,
just knew, were going to kiss her with luck again. Occasion-

finding you less and less amusing and more and

ally they did, but more often they teased, and taunted, and
took. Slowly but surely Tania was sucked dry. She fed the
ungrateful monsters her savings, and her tuition money, and
every other penny she had, and all they offered her was the

cruelty of the occasional jackpot large enough to get her hop-
ing again. Desperate without being terribly original, she threw
herself from the end of the amusement pier one summer night
in 1986. Were it not for the fact that the newly Reaped Bjelland
was brooding at the pier's end for reasons of his own, her spirit
would have immediately been sucked into the Tempest.
Bjelland took Erwin back to the Gardens so that someone
else might perform the distasteful task of enthralling her, but
before this could be done Salhany recognized her as the woman
he'd Skinrode the night the Hanging Gardens opened. He
freed her, commanded all of the Riders to treat her with rever-
ence, and extended to her an invitation to remain within the
Gardens until the end of days. Confused, Erwin accepted, and
soon found herself in the center of a maze of whispers, bows,
and awed looks. She remains at the Gardens, a visible symbol
of Chance's power, and while she has expressed no interest in
joining the Riders, Erwin does enjoy the perks and prestige
that come with serving as proof of a deity's existence.
Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Deviant
Circle: The Riders of the Wheel, though not by choice
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Subter-
fuge 1
Skills: Drive 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Computer 2, Gambling 3, Law 1, Linguistics 2
Backgrounds: Ally 3, Eidolon 1, Memoriam 3 (large photo in
lobby), Status 4
Passions: Maintain her independence from the Riders (Indi-
viduality) 4, Beat the odds any way, any how (Addiction) 3,
Rutgers University Football (Loyalty) 2

Arcanos: Keening 2, Pandemonium 2, Puppetry 2, Usury 1

Fetters: The Chief (the slot machine from which she won her
jackpot), 2; Rutgers University, 1

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Freak

Angst: 6 Z

Thorns: Soul Gem 4, Dark Allies 2

Shadow Passions: Seduce Salhany (Lust) 3, Publicize her
seduction of Salhany and thus undermine his authority (Hate) 3,
Leave the Hanging Gardens (Fear) 2

Image: Tania is a moderately attractive young woman whose
appearance is made odd only by the fact that her blue eyes
seem to be slightly too large. This gives her face the expres-
sion of perpetual surprise, which can be disconcerting to those
who have not known her long. Most often, she is seen in a
modest white blouse and jeans, with a heavy crucifix necklace
dangling between her breasts.


beginning to ponder the po-
tentials of your existence; spending eternity as blind luck's
poster child may not be your idea of a good time. For the
moment, you are happy, though the puppy-dog eyes Bjelland
insists on casting in your direction make you distinctly un-
comfortable. Swallow this discomfort most of the time, how-
ever, as Bjelland stands between you and the frankly terrifying
Salhany. You have not yet tested how far you can push your
influence as Chance's representative, but are looking in that
direction. All of this is done discreetly, of course, and you are
not one to shun the fruits of your position. Speak quickly,
with a great deal of enthusiasm, and then drop dead silent when
you think you might have said too much. After all, you really
don't know how much you can get away with...

Helene Rysavy

Helene was blessed with an unshakable belief in her own
tightness, which was very useful in her career as a palmist and
Tarot card reader along the Atlantic City Boardwalk. Appar-
ently she had a small Gift, for her predictions frequently came
true. One that didn't, however, was one she made for herself: a
prediction that she would live a long, healthy life and marry a
dashing foreigner. In actuality, she was killed in a perfectly mun-
dane auto accident with her boyfriend, Vince, a mechanic from
the New Jersey town of Neptune. Helene's personality was much
stronger than Vince's. He arrived in the Shadowlands inert, while
she was able to tear off her own caul and set off to explore the

world of the dead. Rapidly, she found her way to the Hanging
Gardens, where she exchanged Vince's lumpen Corpus for enough
oboli to stake her ata poker game. She won, of course, and imme-
diately started giving advice on how to play the game to the oth-
ers around the table. While this annoyed the other players, it
intrigued the dealer, "Blackjack" Wedge, who managed to impart
a great deal of Levyite philosophy in between hands. Within a
week, Rysavy was initiated into the Riders. Within a year, she

was the equivalent of a pit boss; her gentle suggestions as to how
her subordinates could improve their standings in the eyes of
Chance masked a desire to have complete control of all doings in
her jurisdiction. Now, Helene often helps struggling newcomers
to the Gardens, and this is how she attracted the adoration of
losif Czenczick. Her acquiescence with Salhany's plans for
Czenczick is strictly political. Her involvement dictates that
Salhany confer with her as to her next move, and those confer-
tals, she hopes, are but one step away from conferrals on other,
more important matters.

Nature: Director

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: Riders of the Wheel

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 2, Leadership 2, Meditation 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Enigmas 1, Occult 5, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Eidolon 1, Memoriam 1,
Mentor 2, Wealth 4

ons: Achieve power within the Hanging Gardens (D.

sire for Benevolent Control) 4, Protect her family (Love) 2,
Protect Carina (Love) 3

Arcano: ‘atalism 3, Lifeweb 3, Outrage 5
Fetters: Her former shop on the Boardwalk, 3;
featuring "Endless Summer Nights" by Richard Marx, 1; Par-
till living in the area, 3

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Parent

Angst: 6

Thorns: Doppelganger, Shadow Call

Castigate 3,

cassette tape

en

Shadow Passions: Make certain that all of Helene's advice
backfires horribly (Hate) 3, Force Helene to fall in love with
Czenczick (Sadism) 2, Fix the games (Hate) 3

Image: A crazed fashion designer's idea of a gypsy, Helene is all
flounces and colors, and if any have been able to detect the con-
they're
not discussing the matter. She has gray eyes, high cheekbones,

tours of her form underneath her mummifying scarv:

and long brown hair that has been in a perpetual snarl since the
day Rysavy sloughed off her mortal coil. Trinkets, mostly silver,
dangle from her wrists, ankles, earlobes, neck, and nose.

Chapter Four: The Hanging Gardens

Roleplaying Hints: You are quite aware of precisely what debts
you are owed for your assistance, and you catalogue them neatly
for later repayment. Overtly very emotional, you are actually
extremely controlled. You have ambitions, but can be ruin-
ously impatient, and you have no tolerance for fools. If the
player characters impress you as potentially useful, they will
find you'a powerful ally. If they strike you as idiots, though,
make life difficult for them.

Your one true attachment is to Carina Matuszek, the spirit of a
child assaulted and killed on a nearby stretch of the Garden
State Parkway. What happened to Matuszek upsets you tre-
mendously. Spoil the child terribly, and every time Carina
§ runs off, you are best given a wide berth.

Al Drum

Al was one of the first blackjack dealers hired at the Hang-
ing Gardens and was notorious as the unluckiest house dealer
in the city. Initially his superiors suspected him of throwing
hands and then sharing the profits with the "winner," but two
months of observation (coinciding with two months of regu-
lar losses from Al's table) revealed that he was scrupulously
honest. Al was just unlucky — so unlucky that word of his
lack of prowess spread and customers started streaming in just
to play against Al. Of course, there wasn't enough room at
J, Al's table (and his hours were drastically reduced), so most of
these fortune-seekers ended up playing at other tables, or
against other dealers, and losing heavily. Al's ineptitude was a
profit leader for the casino, and eventually his face made its

way onto billboards from New York to Washington. "Al's Your
Pal!" they said, but no one was Al's pal. Al's self-esteem, never
high, was struck a mortal blow by this celebration of his pro-
pensity for failure. He began to drink heavily, and a combina-
tion of alcohol and stress laid him low by age 37.

When he reached the other side of the Shroud, he was
enthralled by the Riders. Offered his freedom in exchange for
conversion, Al took it and initially took to Levy's teachings
like a duck to water. However, things continued to go wrong
for Al, his losing streak continued unabated, and he is on the
verge of a nervous breakdown.

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Fanatic

Circle: Riders of the Wheel

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Brawl 1, Dodge 5, Empathy 3, Streetwise 3
Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 1, Repair 2

3ambling 5, Law 2

Knowledges:
Backgrounds: Haunt 3, Memoriam 2, Mentor 1, Notoriety 1
Passions: Hide from the Universe's personally directed ma-
levolence (Abject Terror) 4, Find someone who actually likes
him (Loneliness) 3, Win something, even once (Need for Feel-
ing of Self-Worth) 3

Arcanos: Pandemonium 2, Outrage 2

Fetters: The Hanging Gardens, 2; His old home, 2; The liquor
store he used to frequent, 1; His old table in the casino, 3
Willpower: 4

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Leech

Angst: 5

Thorns: Pact of Doom, Tainted Touch, Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Humiliate Al even further (Hate) 3, Ac-
crue as many oboli as possible (Greed) 3, Embarrass Salhany
(Envy) 1

Image: Even in death, Al looks harried. His eyes are wild, his
graying hair is a wild tangle, and his clothes are disheveled.
He is short, slightly pudgy, and had his nose permanently mis-
aligned at some point in his past. His wardrobe tends to the
button-down shirt and Dockers look, though on important days
for the cult he appears in more formal disheveled clothing.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a failed Levyite, in way over your
head. Deep down, you honestly believe that the Universe is
out to get you, personally, with intelligence, forethought, and
malevolence. Never mind Chance; you're doomed with a capi-
tal DOOM. Subconsciously you realize this, and as such try
doubly hard to be a good Rider. You are self-consciously care-
less of your few possessions, and will vociferously defend Levy's
doctrine to anyone who dares question it. While this sort of
behavior has gained you some commendations (which you dis-


play prominently) from higher-ups in the order, your peers re-
gard you with some suspicion, certain that you're a spy. Spout
Levyite religious platitudes whenever you think someone's
watching, but when you think there's nobody there, just mut-
ter, "Oh God, how did I get into this?" a lot. If the player
characters confront you with evidence of your lapsarian sta-
tus, deny it fiercely for about 30 seconds, then fold completely.

Carina Matuszek

For years now, the stories have poured in. Stories, thatis,
of travelers on the Garden State Parkway who picked up a
young female hitchhiker who somehow vanished by the time
she was to be let off. This is Carina, raped and shotgunned at
age 14 on the side of the high Amazingly, she was able to
make her way past all of the afterlife's obstacles to plant her-
self on the Hanging Gardens' doorstep and announce, "I'm
here." When informed of the dominant faith at the Gardens,

she responded, "No kidding, life sucks, now shut up and let me
in. Please?" Her odd combination of brutalized world-weari-
ness and childlike trust has endeared her to the population of
the Gardens. If any harm were to come to Carina, the results
would be explosive.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Rebel

Circle: Riders of the Wheel (more or less)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 4, Expression 2, Empa-
thy 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts 1, Firearms 2

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Police Procedure 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Eidolon 3, Memoriam 2, Mentor 2

Passions: Find Tommy (another runaway, presumed killed by
the same people who raped and killed her) (Sororal Devo-
tion) 3, Make Rysavy happy — but not too happy (Love) 2,
Find the men who killed her and make them pay (Vengeance) 4
Arcanos: Embody 5, Outrage 3, Phantasm 2

Fetters: Mile 34 of the Garden State Parkway, 3; Nemo's Lair
Arcade on the Boardwalk, 2; Big brother Tommy, 3
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Leech

Angst: 6

Thorns: Tainted Relic (darksteel switchblade), Bad Luck
Shadow Passions: Run away and never come back (Confu-
sion) 2, Make an ass out of Rysavy (Hate) 2, Get everyone she
knows to obey her every whim (Greed) 2, Get the Hanging

z=

Gardens to play some better in-house music (Selfishness) 1,
Scare the bejeezus out of as many people who stop for her on
the Garden State Parkway as possible (Malice) 2

Image: Carina appears as a young teenage git! in flannel, jeans,
and Doc Martens, A backpack is always slung over her shoul-
der; it contains whatever relics she can find. Methedrine-thin,

Carina radiates a waifish helplessness that melts even the cold-
est heart. She is well aware of this fact.

Roleplaying Hints: Ooze innocence, at least when you're not
getting fed up with people and telling them off with explosive
profanity. These outbursts are usually punctuated with un-
planned trips up the Garden State Parkway, but you always
return home, very careful to see how much you were missed.
Home in this case means Helene, the one person genuinel
immune to your charms but who cares about you anyway.

Tommy "Blackjack" Wedge

"Blackjacl
be. He was dedicated, loyal, intelligent, a local product, and
extremely fast. Unfortunately, he wasn't bulletproof, and a
routine domestic disturbance call ended in tragedy. On De
cember 12, 1984, with all due pomp and ceremony, Officer
Thomas Wedge was buried.

His luck on the other side of the Shroud was initially no
better than it had been in life; he was Reaped by a band of
Legionnaires who had served the Confederacy under John B.
Hood while alive, and whose attitudes toward Aftican-Ameri-
cans had not noticeably improved in the century or so since

" Wedge was almost everything a cop should


4 Tommy "Blackjack" Wedge

by a band of Riders, who took him back to the casino. There
he would have been enthralled as well, had not an incredibly
aged wraith plucked him from his chains. The elder, who never
gave his name, offered a deal to both Salhany (who had come
down because of the disturbance) and Wedge: Wedge was to
be freed and to serve as Salhany saw fit six days a week. On
the seventh, he was to be the elder's.

Salhany, surprisingly, capitulated immediately. Wedge
resisted the arrangement until the elder whispered to him that
he'd learn the secrets of soulfire if he agreed. Now, six days a
week, Wedge patrols the paths of the Hanging Gardens as a
sort of one-man police force, and occasionally deals in the ca-
sino. On the seventh, he belongs to the elder, and all that is
known of the arrangement is that Blackjack is working souls
down there with the old man. Blackjack himself has never
actually admitted it, but more than a few Restless have been
disquieted by his frankly appraising gaze.

Most of his time is spent policing, and he is very, very
good at what he does. In an emergency, he can call on up to
half of the Haunt's 20 Legionnaires to back him up. There is a
friendly rivalry between Wedge and Bjelland, but so far any
suggestions that they meet in a Pit to find out who is stronger
have been laughed off.

Nature: Gallant
Demeanor: Jester
Circle: Riders of the Wheel

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
0

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Melee 4, Firearms 4, Repair 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 3, Law 3, Police
Procedure 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Artifact 3, Haunt 3, Memoriam 2,
Mentor 3, Wealth 1

Passions: Keep order in the Gardens (Duty) 4, Learn as much
of soulforging as possible (Curiosity) 3, Cement his position
in the Gardens' social order (Ambition) 2, Bust Czenczick
(Personal Loathing) 1

Arcanos: Castigate 2, Inhabit 3, Moliate 3

Fetters: Officer William Stanton (former partner), 3; Old
squad car, 2; Badge, 1

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 6

Thorns: Death's Sigil (horns), Pact of Doom

Shadow Passions: Learn how to trap as many souls in Arti-
fact form as possible (Malice) 3, Obliterate everyone in the
slightest way responsible for Wedge's death (Revenge) 3, Burn
as much of the city to the ground as possible (Rage) 3
Image: Blackjack's form is long and thin, all angles and planes.
His eyes are merry, though, and his clothing is always bright.
He has been marked by his work with soulfire, but his visage
has yet to deteriorate from "weathered" to "seared." Carefully
tucked away in his hair are two small goat's horns. Wedge takes
great care to ensure that as few people as possible know of
these protuberances, but they keep popping out at the most
embarrassing times. At these moments, Wedge becomes highly
irritable, and most wraiths find it extremely uncomfortable to
be around him.

Roleplaying Hints: You love being the center of attention.
This was probably your biggest failure as a policeman, and may
have been what got you killed. In your role as watchman over
the realm of the Riders, however, it serves you well. Make
sure that everyone around you knows that you're there and
ready for action, whether you're dealing on the gambling floor,
observing the crowd at a Blood Pit match, or strolling the
Gardens themselves. You have somehow acquired a working
police revolver, which you flaunt every chance you get. You
have a special loathing for Czenczick; you would gladly
Skinmask the spy if you could get the chance.

This is hardly the entire population of the Hanging Gardens,
of course. There are acolytes, gardeners, soldiers of the Wheel,
regular visitors, hangers-on, and Wedge's mysterious Mentor
deep in the basement. Most of the permanent residents of the
Hanging Gardens are firmly committed to the Levyite faith,


and are quite inflexible upon this point. A growing number
are turning to Salhany's "Orthodoxy of Chaos," but the major-
ity can be relied upon to be somewhat unpredictable in their
worship and reactions. Just remember, as Salhany does: vio-
lence is bad for business, unless of course the customer pays for
the violence.

Story ideas

© A body is seen in the waters off the end of the pier. The
players rescue the unfortunate, only to discover that it is a
Doppelganger, risen up through the ocean Nihil for some un-
clean purpose. In actuality, Helene's Shadow has called it here,
and the players must discover both this link and what it fore-
shadows.

© Entering the Hanging Gardens, the player characters
are nearly trampled by a furious Carina on her way out. They
follow her to protect her from harm, and are accused by Helene
of kidnapping. Meanwhile, Carina has an agenda of her own
in the Garden State...

* Czenczick identifies the player characters as likely al-
lies and fills their ears with propagandistic distortions of the
Riders' faith, They are then approached by Wedge, who has
already determined that they are Hierarchy spies, and whose
behavior would seem to verify all that Iosif had said...

© Erwin approaches the player characters and offers them
a ridiculous number of oboli in exchange for smuggling her
out of the Gardens. The Riders catch wind of the plan, how-
ever, and do not take kindly to the notion of her removal.

The Hierarchy, moving on false information from

Czenczick, mounts an attack while the player characters are

inside the casino. Their side in the combat has been chosen
for them, yet is it one they truly are comfortable with?

The characters are at a Blood Pit match and hear that
Salhany has just bet heavily against Bjelland. Intrigued, they
attempt to find out why....

ee eee Fe


The Sepuilcra of Tenebrus,
learve, Portugal

By Harry Heckel
Haunt Level: 2
Memoriam Level: 3

na hidden church in the Shadowlands, an coming of the Final and Greatest Maelstrom, which their sacred
will be the last event before

enclave of Heretics known as the Cult of — book, the Tome of Os, proph
Bones collects the souls and former bodies Doomsday. The Cult of Bones espouses the dogma th
of fellow wraiths in preparation for the Day
of Resurrection. The cult's members believe
that all souls will return to life on that day,
so long as they can locate their mortal re-

mains to animate. These Heretics await the _ the Tempest in search of omens predicting the End.

The Sepulora of Tenebrus the cal

In the living world, the Chapel of St. John the Divine
he Sepulcra of Tenebrus lies beneath the stands alone atop a high hill overlooking the Mediterranean.
Chapel of St. John the Divine, in Algarve, A few trees dot the hilltop, and a gravel road winds up the side
Portugal. An unassuming locked door in _ of the hill. On days of worship, bicycles are as common out-
|) the rear of the chapel protects the stairway _ side the church as cars, and more than a few worshippers walk
}) leading down to the Sepulcra. from the nearby fishing village of Salerna.

Chapter Five: The Sepulcra of Bone 71 {

A large wall, perhaps seven feet high, surrounds the
grounds, and a wrought-iron gate seals the drive. The chapel
itself is bleached white and has a brown clay roof. Vines snake
up the sides of the chapel and cover the aforementioned wall,
but the rest of the area is well maintained. Over the large
wooden doors leading inside, a dedication to St. John the Di-
vine, author of the Book of Revelations, is written in Latin.
The chapel's bell tower is the tallest structure in the nearby
countryside. About 30 feet behind the back wall of the chapel,
a cliff drops 70 feet to the sea below.

The site has a bleak, Gothic beauty, especially as the set-
ting sun casts shadows down from the hill. The smell of salt
hangs thickly in the air, and the sounds of gulls and crashing
waves echo around the hill.

The interior of the chapel is decorated in a Baroque mo-
tif. Angels, cherubs, devils, and scenes from the Gospels and
Acts adorn the walls and ceiling. A great bronze bell hangs in
the tower, although it is rarely rung. Some of the locals claim
that the bell only rings when a person dies at night. The pews
are solid hardwood and uncomfortable. Embroidered scenes
from the Bible cover the prayer stools; these are splendidly
detailed and colored, although many are threadbare and faded.
The wooden altar is likewise old, and covered in scratches.
The inscription "In Memoria" is barely legible on the front.
Behind the altar hangs an ancient cross with an emaciated
Christ-figure crucified on it. The floor is made of fitted stone,
causing footsteps to echo inside the chapel. A small apse to
the side of the worship chamber leads to a narrow stairway
into the bell tower. Another door back behind the altar leads
to the private chambers of the priest, currently Father Manuel.

Among the chapel's most prized possessions is the chalice
used for Mass. It is made of silver; crucifixes surround the rim,
¥ and biblical quotes are etched into the sides. According to the
official history of the chapel, the chalice was used for a Mass
f\ for Portuguese knights in 1492 before they helped the Spanish
expel the Moors from Iberia.

The entrance to the Sepulcra leads to a stone stairway
that sinks steeply down into the earth. There are no sconces
for torches (much less electrical wiring) along the sides of the
stairs, so all visitors must bring their own light sources. At the
end of the 40-foot descent, a huge, ivory-white worship cham-
ber opens before the visitors. Bones compose every part of this
N church. Filling the arches between the ceiling columns are
stacks of skulls, all staring with empty sockets toward the cen-
ter of the room. A cross of yellowed femurs hangs over the
altar. A faint layer of gray dust covers everything. The stone
floor is always icy cold, but footsteps don't echo in this cham-
ber. In fact, the room has strange acoustics. A word whispered
at one end may echo loudly, while a normal speaking voice
can be hard to hear from other parts of the chamber. Some-
times the sound of rushing wind comes from just beyond the
bone walls, suggesting that the Sepulcra was once much larger.
Two iron braziers stand beside the altar. There are no pews.

72

hill, casting long shadows over the land. Dry, brown, brittle
grass covers the landscape. Cracks race over the bleached and
stained sides of the building, and the bell is apparently rusted
into place. The Shadowlands counterparts of the vines run-
ning over the walls are black and twisted. They noticeably
writhe across the sides of the church when the wind blows.
Large, black, vine-covered stones mark where the outside wall
stands across the Shroud.

The main doors to the Chapel of St. John the Divine lie
askew off their hinges, rotting beside the entrance. A charred
crucifix hangs above the altar, held in place by rusted nails.
Small bits of ash occasionally flake from the Christ to drift
slowly down onto the altar like tears. The altar is rotten and
brittle, breaking into bits of sawdust at a touch, and a small
pile of ashes rests beneath the crucifix. The ornate carvings on
the walls and ceilings are scoured and featureless. Instead, they
resemble a mass of faceless, amorphous beings struggling to
escape the walls. In the shadows, they seem to move. Holes
gape in the vaulted ceiling. When the wind blows down
through the chapel, whispering voices chanting in Latin or
Portuguese echo through the worship chamber. Sometimes
these voices sound like people screaming or crying. The pews,
so solid in the world of the Quick, are cracked and broken.

In the Shadowlands, the rear door leading to the Sepulcra
stands out against the cracked walls of the chapel. It is made of
polished Stygian steel, and those who approach may see them-
selves reflected in the door. No keyhole or handle shows on
the outside of the door. A wraith may only open it from inside,
When members of the Cult of Bones approach the door, they
use a special rapping knock to request entry. A trusted mem-
ber of the cult (usually a member of the Children of the Flesh)
stands inside the doorway. The handle on the inside of the
door is plain, but the interior side of the door is adorned with
a beautifully etched picture of the Day of Resurrection.

Soulfire torches illuminate the stairway down into the
earth, flickering with green-white light. Whitened bones com-
pose most of the Sepulcra of Tenebrus, but, unlike their coun-
terparts in the world of the Quick, many of the bones still have
chunks of flesh clinging to them. The iron braziers beside the
altar are lit, glowing with the fires of recent sacrifices. There
are always wraiths here, lounging on the floor before the altar,
whispering to one another, or meditating. The clothing of the
Heretics varies, depending on when they died. All of them
have a mark in the shape of an inverted skull burned into their
Corpus.

history ofthe Sepulera of Tenebrus

A Heretic called Tenebrus, the Dark One, founded the
Sepulcra following the fall of Rome in A.D. 476. According to
legend, Tenebrus traveled throughout the Sunless Sea, across
Stygia and the Shadowlands, and even dared the Tempest. He


also spoke to the Fishers, yet saw no Heaven or Hell, and fi-
nally decided that there was no truth to the promises of salva-
tion offered at the Far Shores. After the Maelstrom that ac-
companied the collapse of Rome, Tenebrus had a divine rev-
elation: the most substantial place of all was the home of life,
the Earth. He suddenly knew that the physical world was the
secret to salvation.

Tenebrus traveled across the Shadowlands for a millen-
nium years until he came to Algarve. Here, away from the
Hierarchy, he decided to found his stronghold: a church, or
Sepulcra, that would remain until Doomsday. Tenebrus had
another vision, in which it was revealed to him that only those
who had a physical body awaiting them would rise for the life
eternal on that Final Day.

Tenebrus started gathering converts. He possessed a mot-
tal man, Father Domingos, and through Domingos established
the Chapel of St. John the Divine and created a counterpart
for the Sepulcra in the physical world. When Father Domingos
died, he became Tenebrus's servant and aided him in the col-
lection of skeletons and converts through the centuries.
ther Domingos was obviously never named a santo by the
church; rather, it is a title he gave himself posthumously.

As decades passed, Tenebrus's heresy grew strong. He
gained many converts from Stygia and even the distant Far
Shores. He swore his membership to secrecy and told them to
hide their faces with masks as the Hierarchy did. He preached
that on the Final Day, Doomsday, a great Maelstrom would
come. The Final Maelstrom would reach into the physical world
and destroy all life on Earth. After the Final Maelstrom, God
would appear to the survivors in the Shadowlands. These cho-
sen few would experience the resurrection of their bodies and
live on the new Earth in eternal paradise

Tenebrus anointed his first converts, dubbing them his
Prophets of Darkness. After the Reconquista and the discov
ery of the New World, Tenebrus sent his prophets out to estab-
lish churches in the New World. Tenebrus named his expanded
faith the Cult of Bones. As European colonization increased,
he sent missionaries south to Africa and east to the
Shadowlands of the Jade Kingdom. In 1578, Tenebrus declared
that he would visit the New World to guide his churches. He
traveled to Spain and, according to the Tome of Os, Skinrode
across the Atlantic with all but one of his prophets. His fir
servant, Father Domingos, was left to care for the Sepulcra of
Tenebrus and finish building the Chapel of St. John the Di-
vine.

Father Domingos originally kept the Sepulcra small, s
lectively collecting bodies and wraiths to convert. Those who
would not convert were cast out into the Tempest through the
Nihil that sometimes appeared just off the coast. Domingos
spoke to his flock and told them that they must help Oblivion ¥
grow, thereby raising the Final Storm and heralding the era of
eternal peace.

The Sepulc


The number of converts grew, and with the swol
bership, Domingos's ego swelled. When word came
N other churches that Tenebrus had vanished, Domingc
divine hand in things. He took the title of "Santo" and started
to assume greater authority in the cult. He wrote a "sacred"
text, the Tome of Os, which he claimed contained secrets of
the world to come, revealed to him in a vision. He distinguished
himself from the other Prophets of L ess, and many of them
cepted the Tome of Os as doctrine.

Santo Domingos founded the Children of the Flesh, a
Circle of wraiths devoted to claiming and preserving bodies
for the of Resurrection. Most Children miss the pleasures
of physical existence, and they refuse to accept death as ete
nal. To them, neither the Far Shores nor the Void offers salva
tion. The world is all that matters. The Children of the Flesh
have served the Sepulcra well through the years, and their fine
workmanship shows in the walls of the chapel. They are fond
of the Embody and Puppetry Arcanos.

‘or years, Santo Domingos ruled over the Sepulera with-

out question, blessing the Children of the Flesh and instruct-

ing them on their gathering of the Quick. Then came Mouna

d her rs of the Dawn, with a prophecy of the Fourth

Storm as a sign of their devotion. Th pulcra had drawn
them to the Heretics.

Although Santo Domingos recognized the threat posed
by the Seekers of the Dawn, Mouna and her visions of the
future easily impressed the Children of the Flesh. Her new rev-
elations and interpretations of the Tome of Os strengthened

J the Sepulcra and the Cult of Bones, although they weakened
Santo Domingos's near-absolute authority. Both Mouna and
Domingos are aware of the precarious balance of power be-

Y tween them, and both know that whoever controls the hearts
and minds of the Children of the Flesh rules the Haunt

The fame of 0s

The Tome of Os (or the Book of Bone) re-
mains the centerpiece of Santo Domingos's
power over the worldwide Cult of Bones. Ev-
ery church of the cult contains a copy of this
text. Despite Santo Domingos's lack of the Fa-
talism Arcanos, the Tome of Os contains many
predictions about the future, including a sec-
tion in the Chapter of Fate foretelling the dis-
appearance of Charon. A few members of other
Heretical movements who have encountered
copies or fragments of this text suspect that
Domingos had little if anything to do with the
Tome. Rumors abound of Heretic cults based
around different interpretations of the Tome of
Os.

Haunts


As the power games between Santo Domingos and Mouna
continued, the Children of the Flesh began to suspect their abil-
ity to influence events. A few of them became more decadent,
Skinriding the living for pleasure and choosing those who should
be brought to the Haunt on the basis of physical beauty or talents.
Currently, two lovers, Ailinn and Nicolau, lead the Children of
the Flesh and cautiously play Domingos and Mouna against one
another. This newfound attitude among the Children of the Flesh
has driven Mouna and the other Seekers of the Dawn into a frenzy
of recruitment in order to strengthen their own Circle, and
Domingos to a quest for greater influence and power outside
Algarve and the Shadowlands.

The newest faction to develop at the Sepulcra is one whose mem-
bers call themselves the Warriors of Doomsday. These fanatics were
founded by Mateus, an ex-drug runner selected by the Children of the
Flesh for his attractiveness. Now they terrify all of the other groups at
the Haunt. The Warriors of Doomsday dedicate themselves to the
wholesale slaughter of humanity. They wish to bring about the Dooms-
day, so that the time of light following the Day of Resurrection comes
sooner. Conventional morality means very little to the Warriors of

sday. Their favorite victims are women and small children, the
" and the future of life on earth.

Despite attempts at questioning their methods, neither
Domingos nor Mouna has the ability to stop the driven War-
riors of Doomsday. Domingos has started to fall in line with
them, seeing Mateus and his legions as a possible weapon to

ensure his power over not only the Sepulcra of Tenebrus, but
the entire scattered Cult of Bones.

All members of the Cult of Bones display the symbol of
the upside-down skull.
outright tattoos or other markings.

Outside Relations

The Sepulcra of Tenebrus is part of a vast Heretic movement
comprising hordes of wraiths scattered throughout the
Shadowlands. The Sepulcra maintains contact with other strong-
holds of the Cult of Bones across the globe. Until recently, this
cult had a very disorganized structure and little contact among its
scattered churches, Now, a unification movement has begun. Many
cultists believe that a violent attack against the Hierarchy will
bring about the Final Storm. Santo Domingos seeks to cement
his authority over the other Prophets of Darkness and has de-
cided to go to any lengths to solidify his power, even to the extent
of reporting other rivals to the Hierarchy or unleashing the War-
riors of Doomsday against these unbelievers.

Some of them carry amulets; others sport

According to the Tome of Os, mages work against the Day
of Resurrection, for they seek to do away with the things of
rds
even work to destroy all spirits of the unliving. No sorcerers,
except those who cloak themselves in darkness and seek death
themselves, may be suffered to live. The Cult of Bones and its
factions make the eradication of mages a priority.

the world or to undermine the fabric of reality. Some wi:

According to the same lore, the creatures known as
werewolves strive to stop the Day of Resurrection from com-
ing. These beasts show their evil in the transformation of their
bodies. They have sinned against the flesh by breeding with
animals. For the good of all creatures, these monsters must not
survive Doomsday.

The vampires, those that feed off the life in the blood of
the Quick, are the chosen servants of the darkness. They are
proof of the coming Resurrection, for although these unbe-
lievers are dead, do they not retain their bodies? But their unlife
isa false one, for they do not have true feelings. They are ser-
vants and guides, such as the angels were said to be. On the
Final Day, those who are worthy among them shall participate
in the Resurrection, and all of the others shall feel the em-
brace of Oblivion.

All members of the Hierarchy are enemies of the Cult of
Bones. Whenever a Hierarch is found, the Warriors of Dooms-
day are informed, and Santo Domingos gives orders to destroy.
If all members of the Cult agree on anything, it is that the
Hierarchy must be destroyed before the Resurrection can come.

Renegades are tolerated, and sometimes a few disaffected
members may become recruits. The Children of the Flesh have
some ties to Renegade groups in Algarve and Lisbon, but these
are few and far between. As a general rule, contact with Ren-
egades is avoided if possible.

The C
hapless souls.

Dult of Bones sees other Heretic groups as confused,
Santo Domingos tries to help convert these hea-
thens, usually by granting a copy of the Tome of Os to their leader.
Once the other Heretics learn the truth, they will ally themselves

with the Cult of Bones — at least, in Domingos' mind.

Currently, Domingos wants to establish better links with
other churches of the Cult of Bones. He has sent many Her-

etics to summon the leaders of these other churches to a me

sive gathering at the Sepulcra of Tenebrus, where the future of,
the Cult of Bones will be discussed.

The residents of Algarve have never encountered a
mummy or changeling. Their reactions would depend on the
nature of the encounter. Either species could be praised or con-

demned by the Cult.

qhe Quick

The fisherfolk of neighboring villages form the congrega-
tion of the church. They travel from small towns to attend
Mass every Sunday. They pray for safety and salvation for them-
selves and their children in the church. Many of these people
are consorts of members of the Cult of Bones. These poor people
eke out what living they can from fishing, supplementing their
income with money from the tourist trade. For many, tourism
is more lucrative than fishing. The way of life that these people
have followed for generations is vanishing. Many Heretics go
to the Chapel of St. John to dine on the anger, sadness, and
faith of the congregation.

Chapter Five: The Sepulcra of Bone 75

A growing number of European tourists, who consider
Algarve the last "undiscovered" set of beaches in Europe, pour
into the area from early spring to early autumn. Since Algarve
a reputation as an undiscovered holiday spot, it isno longer

undiscovered. Booming tourist businesses flourish just a few
short miles from the quiet fishing villages. New hotels loom
alongside tourist traps. Masses of sun-worshippers cover the
once-empty Algarve beaches.

Some tourists who wish to take in a bit of the local cul-
ture stumble across the Chapel of St. John the Divine. They
come for many reasons. A few simply admire the scenic beauty
of the old church. Others visit the fishing villages and ask ques-
tions. If the villagers get annoyed, they tell the tourists about
the legend of the Chapel of Bones beneath St. John the Di-
vine. They also tell stories about the bronze bell in the tower
and how it only rings when someone dies. Some of them make
up similar stories just to convince the tourists to leave them

alone. The chalice is also a favorite subject of tall tales.
Father Manuel lives at the Chapel of St. John the Divine,
along with Pablo the groundskeeper, a longtime ward of the
church raised here from his youth. If asked, Father Manuel
admits that a skeletal church exists beneath the Chapel of St
John the Divine, but he tries halfheartedly to dissuade visitors
from seeing it. If they insist, he offers to take them if they are
ble donation. Under no conditions will

willing to make a
he allow visitors who seem like scholars or who wish to take
scientific equipment with them. He tells those who visit that
they may only visit the lower church once, unless they wish to
worship there during the trip.

If Father Manuel likes the tourists, which he determines
largely by how much respect they seem to have for the chapel,
he takes them down below during the day. He lets their emo-
tions (either of awe and wonder or of horror) fill the darkened
church. Father Manuel realizes that the Sepulcra changes all
those who visit it, and he enjoys watching the reactions of
visitors. He will suggest that the people pray during their visit.
Sometimes the Heretics will play with these visitors, giving
them a sense of "divine inspiration." Under no circumstances
will the Heretics or Father Manuel tolerate anyone disturbing
the bones, not even small children. If this happens, the visit is
over, and, at the surface, Father Manuel calls for Pablo to es-
cort the visitors off the church grounds. They are no longer
welcome. If people in the Sepulcra refuse to leave after dis-
turbing the remains or cause more trouble, the wraiths act
swiftly and harshly to remove these threats to their Haunt.
The few times that the Heretics have taken such measures,
none of the living except Father Manuel have survived.

If the Father does not like the tourists, then he insists that
they only visit the church below at the time of Midnight Mass.
He asks his visitors to return that night. He waits for them to
leave, then descends into the Sepulcra himself to inform the
"angels and blessed spirits." That night, the Father leads them
below. Pablo brings up the rear. Upon entering the church,


Father Manuel lets them walk around for a moment while he
quietly bows his head and says the Last Rites in Latin. When
he finishes, the wraiths extinguish the torches, and Pablo draws
his hand-held scythe. Pablo listens for their breathing and
quickly decapitates the strangers. When all of the visitors are
dead, he and Father Manuel head back up the stairs, leaving
the rest to the Heretics.

On rare occasions, some of the villagers capture tourists
whom they don't like or who have committed crimes in their
villages and bring them to the chapel, pleading with Father

Manuel for justice. Father Manuel will act slightly aghast (mob
actions bother him a bit), and will offer to take these prisoners
into the chapel, so that God may judge them for their sins.
Then he, along with Pablo, will guide the prisoners down into
the Sepulcra, all the while reassuring the prisoners that God
will do them justice and their visit will appease the towns-
people.

Whenever Father Manuel comes down unexpectedly at
night, the members of the Cult of Bones invoke their powers
to resemble the wrath of God just in case a local fisherman
's on joining Pablo and Father Manuel. This involves cre-
ative use of the Pandemonium, Phantasm, Keening, and Em-

insi

body Arcanos to cause flames to flicker, bones to clatter, hooded
figures to appear, and visitors to feel strange emotions. What
happens next depends on how useful the wraiths find the new
humans. Sometimes, the Cult members try to possess the visi-
tors. If one of the Children of the Flesh admires the appear-
ance of one of the tourists, or if Santo Domingos feels that one
of these people will make a good addition to the Cult, the
torches spontaneously extinguish. Pablo recognizes this as a
sign from God and kills all the strangers

When the newly killed appear in the Haunt, members of
the Children of the Flesh or the Warriors of Doomsday grab
the Enfants and restrain them next to their bodies. Mouna,
the leader of the Seekers of the Dawn, calls upon her Fatalism
Arcanos to read the possible futures of the new ones. Santo
Domingos looms over the new ones. "You are dead. Now is the
time of your first judgment," he pronounces. "Do you believe
in the resurrection of the body? Do you believe in the Final
Judgment? Do you wish to live again?"

If the answers to all these questions are yes, then Santo
Domingos has the new wraiths chained to the altar. "You will
remain here for three days. On the third day, if you still be-
lieve, you will become one of us."

If no potential new cult members are among the recent
dead, then the cult members who once belonged to the Artifi-
cers' Guild transform the entire mass into parts of the Sepulcra.
They use the fires in the braziers to perform their task. Many
of the Heretics have troubles with this, and often leave to
wander the countryside during this process.


nt Father Manuel

5 are

father Manuel

Santo Domingos first appeared to Father Manuel after the
Chapel of St. John took in the young orphan. From those early
years, Domingos indoctrinated Father Manuel, serving as God
and parent. Father Manuel believes wholeheartedly that Santo
angel sent by God to guide him through the

Domingos

impending R
Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Caregiver
Circle:

Physic

jone. Manuel is a mortal.

: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 1,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Leadership 2, Medita-
tion 4, Melee 1, Repair 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 3, Investigation 1, Law 1, Lin-
guistics 3, Occult 4, Religion 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Status 1

Willpower: 7

Corpus: None. He has seven Health Levels.

Image: The Father is an old, kindly-looking man with soft,
inquisitive brown eyes. His hair is white and thinning. In his
robes he has a presence that belies his thin frame and stature

Father Manuel always has a smile and a kind word,
although those with high Empathy can sense something be-
hind this gentle demeanor.

Roleplaying Hints: Father Manuel seems friendly enough at
first glance. He honestly believes that what he does for the
Cult of Bor
strong faith, although as he

s is in accordance with the will of God. He pos-
atches how twisted Pablo

ses:

has become following his sacrifices for the Lord, he grows fear-
ful. Father Manuel hates the growing tourist trade and what it
has done to Algarve.

Pablo

Pablo's head was hurt when he fell off a fishing boat and
got tangled in a net. Since then, he hasn't thought as well as
most people. But Pablo loves the Father with a nearly religious
devotion. God speaks to Pablo, and God tells Pablo to kill the
pretty people with his scythe. God wants the people. God needs
their bodies for his real church, the one beneath the chapel.
Pablo hopes that when he dies he gets to join the ghosts and
become an angel like them.

Nature: Child

Demeanor: Conformist

Circle: None. He is mortal.
Physic
So

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance |

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidation 2


Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 3, Gardening 3, Melee 3, Repair 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1

Willpower: 4

Corpus: None. He has seven Health Levels.

Image: Pablo is a tall, dark man with long, stringy black hair.
He wears a black sash across his eyes. The odor of sweat and
soil clings to him. He has long, corded muscles and a gangly
appearance with swollen veins bulging over his forearms. He
always wears dirty clothes and a wide-brimmed hat. He grunts
more than speaks.

Roleplaying Hints: Pablo only stares in the general direction
of strangers, or tilts his head to listen to them. He says very
little, and he spends his time working on the grounds. The
Children of the Flesh like to Skinride Pablo, and they've com-
mitted a few murders in Algarve recently.

The Cult of Bones

Santo Domingos

Domingos was born in A.D. 1460. He aided Queen Isabella
in her Reconquista, first as a soldier, then as a priest. When
she called for her own Inquisition, he helped track down infi-
dels and unbelievers and put them to the torch. He always had
a strong, almost overpowering belief in God. Finally, he had
an encounter with Tenebrus, who spoke to him of the After-
life and revealed to him the true plan of God. He felt the power

of Tenebrus imbue him with divine grace, and he knew that
he was meant to found the Sepulcra of Tenebrus.

After his death, he remained with his church and became
the first Prophet of Darkness, emigrating to Portugal. Tenebrus
left to find other Prophets, rescuing them from the clutches of
the Hierarchy or converting them from the ranks of the Ren-
egades. Domingos grew jealous of these new Prophets, but he
knew that Tenebrus had selected him first, even choosing him
in life to look over the Church and its growth. When Tenebrus
left to help the Church in the New World grow, Domingos
was left in charge of the Sepulcra of Tenebrus, his first strong-
hold.

Many centuries have passed, but the Church has endured.
Domingos knows of many other churches and other Prophets,
but he fears that Tenebrus has fallen to Oblivion. Domingos
now sees himself as the true founder of the Church. He is the
ultimate leader of the Cult of Bones. Although there are other
churches, and other Prophets who may wield greater personal
power, he was first. He must guide the others down the path to
salvation, or else all will suffer.

Santo Domingos

V7

Nature: Director
Demeanor: Architect
Circle: The Prophets of Darkness

Strength 4, Stamina 3, Dexterity 3

*harisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 4, Expres-
sion 3, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 1, Leadership 3, Meditation 3, Melee 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 4, Medi-
cine 1, Occult 5, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts 3, Contacts 2, Haunt 5, Me-
moriam 2, Notoriety 2, Status 5

Passions: Control the Cult of Bones (Greed) 4, Destroy the
Hierarct
Dastigate 3, Embody 4, Keening 4, Moliate 2, Phan-
tasm 3, Puppetry 4, Usury 5

Arcanos:

Fetters: Sepulcra of Tenebrus, 1; Skeleton, 1
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Shado'
Angst: 5

Thorns: Devil's Dare

Shadow Passions: Weaken the Seekers of the Dawn (Anger) 3

The Abuser


Image: Domingos is an imposing, gaunt figure whose hollow
eyesockets burn with a soft crimson glow. His skin is pale, and

he wears a deep crimson cloak that appears almost black. When

he smiles, which is rarely, his teeth are perfect and white. He
always carries a staff with him, mounted with an upside-down
skull.

Roleplaying Hints: Santo Domingos is one of the leaders of
the Sepulcra of Tenebrus. Everything in his domain must sub-
mit to his control. He constantly spouts biblical quotes and
always interviews potential converts. He is especially inter-
ested in events in the New World. He sends missions of fol-
lowers to the New World to try to maintain contact with the
other churches.

Mouna

During the war between the Christians and the Moors,
Mouna was slain. She doesn't remember how, except that it
had something to do with saving her children. Her body was
collected by Father Domingos and added to the Sepulcra. For
a time, she felt lost and betrayed by her God, and she wan-
dered across the Shadowlands into the Ivory Kingdom. No one
knows what happened to her there. Even she has few memo-
ties of the time, but she remembers learning the art of Fatal-
ism there. After a revelation, she returned to the Sepulcra with
a small number of fellow Circle members, the Seekers of the
Dawn. Santo Domingos was going to have her cast out, but
she prophesied the Fourth Storm as a sign of her value to the
cult. Now, Mouna has gained a small following. Because of her
gift for Fatalism, Domingos fears to move against her.
Nature: Conniver
Demeanort Visionary
Circl
Physical: Strength 2, Stamina 4, Dexterity 3
Q) Soci

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligenc:

Seekers of the Dawn

dharisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Empathy 4, Expression 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 1, Leadership 2, Meditation 4,
Melee 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Enigmas 5, Investigation 2, Law 1, Lin-
guistics 2, Occult 5, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Eidolon 4, Haunt 2, Me-
moriam 1, Status 5
Passions: Protect her Circle (Love) 5, Take over the Cult of
Bones (Greed) 3, Convert others to her beliefs (Faith) 3
Arcanos: Argos 3, Castigate 3, Fatalism 5, Lifeweb 2, Phan-
tasm 3
Fetters: Skeleton 3
I Willpower: 5

Pathos: 6

x 80

Haunts

Shadow: The Parent
Angst:
Thorns: Trick of the Light, Dark Allies 4

Shadow Passions: Avoid Santo Domingos (Fear) 3

Image: Mouna is a beautiful Moorish woman who dresses in
white, flowing gowns. She has an almost regal bearing about
her. Long black hair billows down to her waist.

Roleplaying Hints: Mouna tries to play the part of the in-
spired visionary and spends much of her time attempting to
convert new followers. She tries to ensure that their ultimate
loyalty is to her rather than to the cult. She will always protect
small children from members of the Heretics.

Ailinn

Asa young girl, Ailinn was always beautiful. People fawned
over her, and she enjoyed the attention. When she got older, she
learned that there were many ways a young girl living near a tour-
ist trap could make money. She enticed many rich tourists to
sample her gifts, but soon became more interested in the passions
and sensations of her lifestyle than in the money, When an en-
raged customer murdered her, her remains went to the Sepulcra,
and she followed them. She gladly joined the Heretics.
Nature: Bon Vivant
Demeanor: Conniver
Circle: Children of the Flesh
Physical: Strength 2, Stamina 4, Dexterity 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5


nn

ae

- ;
; ult

Sas

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3
Sk Animal Ken 1, Crafts 1, Drive 1, Etiquette 1
Knowledges: Law 2, Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 5, Eidolon 1, Haunt 2, Me-
moriam 3, Status 5

assions: Seek out bodily pleasures (Lust) 4, Serve the Cult
of Bones (Loyalty) 3
Arcanos: Embody 3, Inhabit 1, Lifeweb

2, P
Fetters: Skeletal remains, 1; Heart-shaped locket, 3; World
Cup beach towel, 1

Willpower: 5

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Leech

Angst: 3
Thorns:
Shadow Passions: Seek out bodily pain and suffering (Anger) 5

uppetry 4

adow Life, Doppelganger

Image: Ailinn is tall, bronze-skinned woman with long, dark
hair. There is always a predatory gleam in Ailinn's eyes. She
moves with sensuality and passion, and exudes confidence.
Roleplaying Hints: You are one of the most influential people
in the Haunt, but long for the freedom to do your own thing.
You m
take every opportunity you can to experience it again. You
know about your Shadow's Thorns, but you refuse to admit
any problems.

ife — the smells, the touches, the sounds — and you

all

Nicolau never did anything worthwhile with his existence.
For years, he preyed off lonely tourist women and spent his
time growing more tan on the beaches. When he died in a
motorcycle accident, his family missed him a great deal, but
no one else did. His father had always wanted him to take over
the family fishing business, and his mother comes to pray for
his soul every Sunday at the chapel.
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Circle: Children of the Flesh
Physi

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimi-
dation 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Leadership 3, Meditation 1, Melee 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 1, Occult 2, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Eidolon 1, Haunt 5, Me-
moriam 2, Status 3

Passions: Protect Ailinn (Love) 2, Serve Santo Domingos
(Faith) 2, Protect living family members (Love) 3

nbody 2, Outrage 3, Puppetry 3

Arcanos
Fetters: Skeleton, 1; Motorcycle, 2; Mother, 3; Father, 4
Willpower: 6 .


Angst: 5
fy, Thorns: Pact of Doom, Shadow Traits (+1 Strength, +1 Dex-
iy terity)

RY stands about six feet tall. He rarely w shirt, and when he

OY? does, he leaves it unbuttoned, showing off his muscular chest.
His favorite form of clothing is a pair of blue jeans. He looks

i
BMAD ike a male fashion model waiting to pose for his next com-
Big mercial.

Jf. Roleplaying Hints: You care about Ailinn, despite yourself.
She's absolutely irresistible, wild and full of life. Part of you
hates the Cult of Bones, and you believe Father Domingos is a
frightening skeleton like all the others in the Sepulcra. Some-
times you wish you had done more with your life; then the
feeling passes. Sometimes you wish others would do more for
you, and that feeling usually stays.

Ivadore was a drug runner and a thug. His par-
ling
drugs to the tourists and helping the local crimelords deal with
problems. Finally, he started doing drugs himself. He tried ev-
erything. Soon, he was wallowing in depression and loneli-
ness. He realized what a meaningless waste his life was. In a
f hallucinogenic haze, he went'to the Chapel of St. John the
¥ Divine, hoping to discover some meaning.

M ents died when he was young, and he made his livin,

Father Manuel took one look at him and led the young
man down to the Sepulcra for Santo Domingos to help. After
Pablo slit Mateus's throat, Santo Domingos and the other mem-
bers of the Cult of Bones grabbed him. Mateus finally had a
purpose. With a vengeance, he threw himself into the Cult,
creating the Warriors of Doomsday and providing the Cult with
the force to do as it pleased. He has five other wraiths in his
circle: Leonardo, Raquel, and Tomas from his drug connec-
tions; Konrad, a German soldier who was an obnoxious tour-
ist; and Sorcha, a former fund-raiser for the IRA who ran afoul
of the wraiths.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Fanatic

Circle: Warriors of Doomsday

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

4 Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

4 Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimida-
tion 4, Streetwise 3

4 Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Repair 1,
f Stealth 3

CO aaa

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 2, Si
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Artifacts 3, Haunt 2, Memoriam 4,
Notoriety 1, Heretic Status 1

ence |

Passions: Bring Doomsday (Faith) 5, Destroy Unbelievers
(Anger) 5

Arcanos: Argos 4, Outrage 3

Fetters: Skeleton, 2; Pistol, 3

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 9

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 8

Thorns: Spectre Prestige 4, Shadow Call, Dark Allies 3
Shadow Passions: Kill mortals (Hate) 4

Image: Mateus has a fanatical gleam in his eyes. He seeks to
feed Oblivion and bring about the end, so that the faithful
will be reborn.

Roleplaying Hints: Mateus is willing to go to any ends to bring
about the end of life on Earth. He talks in a soft whisper and
always stares directly at the person with whom he converses.
He has no sense of normal morality. Mateus constantly searches
for new recruits for the Warriors of Doomsday. The other mem-
bers of his Circle follow his lead with terrifying fanaticism.


Story ideas

© The Cult of Bones has established missions and churches
around the world. Their servants begin raiding graves to build
their own churches near the players' Necropolis. As these
churches are built, the cult members start to grab wraiths from
the Necropolis and use their essences to strengthen the church.
This could start a long-term chronicle where the players battle
the members of this Heresy.

Followers of the Cult of Bones could have or make
contact with a player character. A young Circle of wraiths

would be seen as prime converts, and possibly bold enough to
strike against the Hierarchy. Attempts to manipulate the char-
king the leadership of a nearby Necropolis or

acters into att:
joining the cult might link the players to the Haunt.

© Members of the Hierarchy or the Renegades could send
the characters to the Sepulcra to investigate the site and re-
port back what they see. This task could serve as a punishment
or as an initiation rite. Perhaps an ancient Guildmaster asks

that the group recover her skeleton from the site before she
teaches them Arcanos. This mission could also occur during
the gathering of cult leaders.

© The Storyteller easily transplant this Haunt, denizens
and all, to some other site; only a few names and the history
would require change. The Sepulcra can easily provide a num-
ber of subplot opportunities for an ongoing chronicle.

© The chalice could be stolen from the Chapel of St. John
the Divine and taken to the characters' home city. If this hap-
pens, the Warriors of Doomsday will arrive to try to retrieve it.
Once inside the Necropolis, these Heretics may wreak some
havoc before attending to their mission.

© The Cult of Bones could easily serve as a crossover
vehicle between Wraith: The Oblivion and any of the other
Storyteller games. Members of the cult might steal the body of
a vampire in torpor. They might run afoul of Euthanatos mages,
or strike a deal with them. If the Garou ever learned about the
Chapel of St. John, they would certainly consider it Wyrm-
tainted. Giovanni or Tremere vampires might wish to find ways
to animate the wraiths' bodies, earning their undying loyalty
and allowing them to manipulate the Cult of Bones.

¢ A full-scale war for control of the Haunt could erupt
between Domingos and Mouna. Both sides would seek recruits
from the Quick and the Dead in order to achieve victory. Tales
of such a battle and its repercussions might quickly spread
through the Shadowlands. Even more frightening, Mateus and
his Warriors of Doomsday could take over the Cult of Bones,
thereby making it much more militant.

Chapter Five: The Sepulcra of Bone



Blackheard s Cove:
Teach s Hole, Ocracoke
sland, North Carolina

By Bll Bridges
Haunt Level: 2
Memoriam Level: 5

Why should we here our time delay

In London void of pleasure?

Let's haste away to Biscay Bay

And ransack there for treasure.

Here we must creep and play bo-peep

To shun the damned press-masters;

We live in strife, even die in life,

Confined by catchpole bastards.

— "A New Song on the Blandford Privateer" (trad.)

The Headless Ghost

lackbeard wants his head back. The place of his death, now called Teach's Hole, in
It is said by the Quick that he still Ocracoke Inlet at the southern tip of the shoreward side of
GD) traunts the waters and shores of Ocracoke North Carolina's Outer Banks, has become his Haunt. The
Island, ever searching for his head, lopped Quick have seen him at times, a headless corpse with a lantern
i) off in his final battle and taken back to wandering the shores. Sometimes he is seen swimming the

Bl Virginia for display. It is said by the Rest- waters where his body was dumped, glowing eerily, searching
less that until he gets his head back, no Haunt, adel or and searching. They say that he made a deal with the Devil
Necropolis is safe from his wrath. Indeed, Blackbeard the Pi- long ago, and that he does not wish to meet his benefactor in
ared among the dead as he was among the living Hell without his head.

rate is 2

centuries ago.

Kg gr
re ol

There is a grain of truth to this Fog-clouded tale.
Blackbeard's rage at his defeat will not die until he has re-
gained his head. It is a Fetter, keeping him bound to the world
of the living, even though he does not know where it is. It is
not his only Fetter, but he keeps secret the location of his oth-

ers. Namely, his buried treasures. He continues to sit on his

treasure and guard it like a greedy dragon of European legend,
despite that he no longer needs it in death. Blackbeard is
trapped into living a role in death which he only played in
life: that of the marauding pirate.

Ocracoke island
in the Skinlands: A Quiet Place

North Carolina's Outer Banks, sitting
across an inlet from Hatteras Island.
| Ocracoke is 16 miles in length and ranges
from one and a half to two miles in width.

| It is reached only by private plane, boat or

state-operated ferryboat. The ferries leave
from North Carolina mainland ports on Cedar Island and Swan
Quarter several times a day (Two and a half hour journey).
Hourly boats leave from the tip of Hatteras Island (45 minute
journey).

Ocracoke Village has a year-round population of less than
a thousand, although spring and summer tourists cause it to
swell to nearly two thousand. The village is located around
Silver Lake harbor at the southern end of the island. Most of
the northern part of the island is owned by the National Park
Service as part of the Cape Hatteras National Seashore.

The island's name evolved into its current form from the
Native American word "Wokokan," meaning "fort." The is-
land used to be connected to Hatteras until a hurricane in
1846 cut open Hatteras Inlet.

The first official settlement in 1715 was created by seafar-
ing pilots to guide shipping vessels through Ocracoke Inlet, a
very treacherous area of hidden, shallow shoals. An unofficial
settler at the time was Blackbeard, along with other pirates,
who would pretend to be pilots and lead ships aground, where
they could then loot them.

The Hatteras stretch of the Outer Banks is also known as
the "Graveyard of the Atlantic," for the number of shipwrecks
which have occurred over the years. The area hides many
shoals, and fierce winds can slam ships into the island without

warning. In addition, the area is hard-hit by hurricanes when

they come up from the south. It is because of these fierce storms
that no ship was able to return to search for the Lost Colony of

Roanoke Island in the late 16th century.


PENG

Legends of many "ghost ships" have sprung up about these
wrecks. One such was the Carroll A. Deering, a five-masted
schooner spotted by the lookout at the Cape Hatteras Coast
Guard Station in 1931. When she was boarded, the search
party found her to be completely deserted, perhaps recently
abandoned. The tables were set with fresh food, and the life-

boats were missing. Nothing was ever heard from the crew.

However, many crew members of the Carroll A. Deering
still exist, although on the other side of the Shroud. They are
thus prevented from telling the tales of their deaths to the
living. Other shipwreck survivors also haunt the lonely isle,
clinging to the old ships sunk in Davy Jones' locker.

Today, fishing attracts many anglers to the island. To ac-
commodate the tourists, the island's rich history is built up in
local sites. The island is especially proud of its former resident,
Blackbeard. A store, "Teach's Hole," has a Blackbeard exhibit
and calls itself a Pirate Specialty Shop. One of the largest build-
ings on the isle was renamed Blackbeard's Lodge.

All these landmarks, in addition to those spread between
Charleston, South Carolina, and Bath Town, North Carolina,
add greatly to Blackbeard's Memoriam.

Pathos: Various different emotions are experienced by the
many tourists who come here in the vacation season. Some of
the most common: frustration (the vacation isn't going well),
greed (hunger for things like knick-knacks and souvenirs),
anger (the big one got away at the fishing hole; a flat tire re-
ally screwed expenses), love (a vacation getaway for two; the
island is so beautiful you don't want to leave), faith (the sun-
gain; the sense of commu-
nity here proves people can work together) and many others.

sets here really make you belie

Among the -round residents, the following emotions

may be common: love (teaching fishing craft to the young

fellers who come eve

y year), greed (there's a lot of money to
be made off the tourists), anger (Damn tourists — get outta
my yard! Think they own the island!), hope (this year is going

to be rea

ly good, with a lot of money coming in), fear or sor-
row (the island gets more commercial every year; my paradise

is dying) and many more besides.

The Shadowlands: Lonely, Storm-wracked
Shores

Past the Shroud, beyond the barrier of death, an entirely
different environment of Ocracoke is seen. The isle is con-

stantly shrouded under gray skies. Storms brew on the horizon

and often move in to lash the island. A feeling of oppressive
loneliness and emptiness descends on many who spend time
here, and the feeling is increasingly harder to shrug off the
longer one stays.


The Outer Banks are under the magical sway of the last
great rite performed by the now-dead Croatan tribe of

werewolves. This rite, a dying curse of sorts, ensures that the

area is constantly besieged by the forces of the Wyld. For Sto-
rytellers familiar with Werewolf: The Apocalypse, it shouldn't
be hard to come up with interesting effects for this. However,
for those who are not familiar with werewolf cosmology, use

the following guidelines:

The Wyld (or so the werewolves believe) is the primor-
dial force of creation and chaos. It is entirely unpredictable.
Its worst effects appear in the Spirit World (inaccessible to
most wraiths), but its power bleeds over into the real world (as
violent storms) and the Shadowlands (as incredibly violent
and dangerous storms).

As a result of the area's lashing by Wyld energy, the very
land itself constantly shifts, never staying put for too many
years. The storms and hurricanes which thunder over the area
are filled with this energy of Change. Oblivion cannot find
root here for long. But this does not make the place a desired
ground for many wraiths. Travel to and from the island is in-
credibly risky. Storms well up instantly and blow in every di-
rection at once, tearing ships to pieces or driving them against
suddenly appearing shoals. Only the most bold — or foolhardy
— journey to this island.

But Blackbeard has an edge, a power to traverse the lost
byways of the Tempest that allows him to escape the storms by
leaving the Shadowlands on secret paths. He thus also eludes
his Hierarchy enemies. This has greatly increased his legend,
as his ship appears seemingly from out of the Tempest to as-
sault a Hierarchy v
roiling storm. Only one ship successfully followed him, but it

sel, loot it and disappear again into the

was discovered later drifting back to Stygia, its moaning cap-
tain welded into the beams as a grim warning to anyone who
would dare follow Blackbeard. (See "Secret Byways of the Tem-
pest", below.)

Here are some effects the Storyteller can use to emphasis
the dangerous energy surrounding the isle: beautiful, serene

wee y — in mere minutes — to wicked,

her which gives wa

lashing wind and torrential downpours; constantly shifting
shoals and shores, making it hard to predict which parts of the

island may exist from one day to another; lightning which seems

to seek out Stygian steel (even on a sunny day!); dark fogs
which so totally obscure the moon (or sun) that nothing can
be seen, and light penetrates only a few feet from its source;
and anything else the inventive Storyteller can think of.

The one boon in all this is that the immediate area of the
Haunt — Blackbeard's encampment — is immune to these
storms. Thus, even the shipwreck victims gather here and form
part of the pirate community. Blackbeard's ships can rest safely
just off shore, as long as they remain in the area of calm.
(Blackbeard knows the shoals well and has never yet lost a
ship to the storms.)


Due to the magical effects of this Wyld energy, many build-
ings and other human-made sites in the Skinlands do not ap-
pear in the Shadowlands. Buildings, all technology of any sort,
seems as if it is unwelcome here. However, a few landmarks do
appear, such as the Coast Guard Station and the Howard-
Wahab Graveyard and British Cemetery. The guard station is
half-submerged in the sea, the apparent fate which awaits it in
a number of years. The graveyard appears much as it does in
the living world, with all tombstones and markers intact.

The island itself is empty of any wraith or other form of
Shadowland life, ept at Teach's Hole, Blackbeard's Haunt.
This Haunt is a gathering place for Blac
egades, an extended gang of Shadowland pirates who call them-
selves the Brethren of the Tempest.

beard's fellow Ren-

The beaches about Teach's Hole are full of tents and fires,
and here the pirates sprawl out in their partying, safe in the

knowledge that the Hierarchy would not dare to attack them
here.

"That Knott of Robbers

Death it was our commander's name;

from London with good heart we came,

And put to sea with a pleasant gale

Over our enemies to prevail.

"A Sea Song" (trad.)

Along the shores of Teach's Hole Channel, the pirates'
many tents are pitched. Some of these are quite large and elabo-
rate with many hangings and knick-knacks culled from all over
the Shadowlands and the Far Shores on pirate raids. In these
tents are various relics, from simple puff pillows to Oriental
tugs and hanging cutlasses. Blackbeard's tent is by far the larg-
s strewn about. The poles
are made of Stygian steel, making it able withstand the worst

est affair here and has the most reli

of the storms.

There are 25 to 40 pirates living here at any given time.
Other members of the Brethren are often out on ships, patrol-
ling for good booty from Hierarchy vessels or other Haunts.

In addition, 10 to 20 shipwrecked ghosts wander here, as
they still hold their sunken ships as
ghosts are American soldiers from World War Il. Their ships

Fetters. Many of these

were sunk by German U-boats during the war, giving the area
the temporary nickname of "Torpedo Alley." It is in fact the
shipwrecks which have created this Haunt, since so many have
been dragged to watery graves here. Blackbeard has simply
rea as his own, although he does not bother the
tims and even invites them into his community.

seized the

shipwreck


I tread a lurching, timber world; a reeking salt-caked hell; and
yet, perhaps, no worse a world than yours, where bishops stroll
through charnal yards with pomanders to smell, where vile men
thrive and love crawls on all fours.

— Alan Moore, "The Shanty of Edward Teach"

Blackbeard is one of the most renowned of Renegades, and
his piracy of the Hierarchy's Stygian steel, relics and artifacts has
made him one of the most hunted of the Hierarchy's enemies.
However, no barghest has successfully taken a bite out of this prey,
for he is an elusive, cunning and powerful brute, living up to in
death all the legends concerning him in life.

But all is not as it seems. Unknown to many who tell tales
of Blackbeard around the fires (whether the crackling flames
of the Quick or the eerie barrow-flames of the Restless),
Blackbeard was a gentleman as comfortable at the dinner par-
ties of the colonial gentry as among the rum-fed fests of the
Brethren of the Coast. His real name was Edward Teach, and
the legend he built about his fierceness and rage was a clever
ploy — although a well-supported ploy.

Teach was a damned good actor of sorts, who played the part
of the rogue and devil well. However, this was through no real
skill. He had the remarkable ability in life to give reign to his dark
ide (his Shadow) while maintaining complete control. He used
is dark side to build a pirate legend about himself, one which
caused many ships to surrender at the very sight of him, thus sav-
ing him from a bloody battle, costing the lives of his men and his
prey's crew. Although his behavior often got out of hand, he never
killed or maimed as many as his legend states. Indeed, when sell-
ing off his loot at Bath Town, North Carolina, he was the toast of
MORO the town's elite, charming all at the local dinner parties.

tis Death

Here was the end of that courageous brute, who might have
passed in the world for a hero had he been employed in a good cause.

— Captain Charles Johnson, A General History of the Rob-
beries and Murders of the Most Notorious Pirates

His final battle came on November 22, 1718, after he had
set himself up on Ocracoke in semi-retirement from piracy.
British Lieutenant Robert Maynard, at the behest of Gover-
nor Spotswood of Virginia, arrived on that morning to take
down the notorious pirate. However, Maynard did not know
the shoals as well as Teach and was soon run aground, while
Teach was still maneuverable in his ship, the Adventure.

Teach threw grenades onto Maynard's ship, and when the
smoke cleared, he saw that the ship was empty of her crew but
for the few that survived the blasts. He stormed on board with
A his small crew, only to find that Maynard's men were hiding
below decks. They charged on deck, and one of the bloodiest
battles at sea began.

ini fe EN SO
Pistols fired on both sides, and cutlasses swung left and
right, cleaving pirate and soldier alike. But no matter the num-
ber of slices delivered into Blackbeard, he would not go down.
Multiple gun shots were fired into him, but still he kept going.
Finally, as he raised his cutlass above Maynard to deliver a
killing blow, the weight of his wounds overcame him, and he
crumpled to the deck.
The most notorious pirate of all time was dead.

See

Maynard had Teach's head chopped off as a trophy and
his body flung overboard into the deep. But the soldiers gasped
in fear as the sound of sloshing water rose up from below. Look-
ing over the rails, they could see Teach's body swimming circles
around the ship, searching for its head. As the terrified sol-
diers watched, the body slowly sunk away out of sight.

After His Death

Little is known about Teach's fate in the years following
his death and entry into the Shadowlands. No one knows who
his Reaper was, and many legends state that Teach ripped his
own caul off as he stormed in rage through the waters of the
sound. Other legends whisper that he was captured by the Hi-
erarchy and brought in chains to the Necropolis of Charles-
ton, South Carolina, where the once-governor of that city
during Blackbeard's blockade of the harbor was now an
Anacreon. This unnamed Hierarch is said to have sentenced
Teach to Thralldom, forced to hang in Stygian chains at the
mouth of the harbor as was the custom with dead pirates.

No one knows how many years Teach hung there (if the
tale is true), but somehow he escaped. Soon after, he is said to
have appeared in the harbor again, this time as the master of a
stolen Hierarchy black iron ship crewed by Renegades. The
slaughter Teach is said to have delivered to the Legionnaires
there is whispered about often among young Legionnaires.

What is known for sure is that Teach did indeed appear in
the Shadowlands captaining a stolen black iron ship. There
has never been an accounting of her previous crew, and they
are believed to have been sent to Oblivion on the deep seas of
the Shadowlands.

For many years, Teach raided Hierarchy outposts and trav-
elers, successfully stealing much Stygian iron. This iron, origi-
nally bound for various Citadels, soon showed up in Renegade
hands all over and put the Legionnaires of the now short-sup-
plied Citadels to task.

Then, Teach disappeared. His marauding ceased, and noth-
ing was heard from him for nearly on a century. He was be-
lieved to be gone for good, swallowed up perhaps by the Tem-
pest or gone to Oblivion.

But only a decade ago, he reappeared, attacking a Hierar-
chy ship traveling the River of Death. The crew was spared,
but all iron and relics aboard were taken. Since then, over the
years, more pirates began to appear, among them famous Di
rates of old such as Calico Jack. They had one thing'in com-


mon: they all bore the same standard, a modified Jolly Roger
with burning hemp ropes stuck under a pirate cap — the sign
of Blackbeard. The Brethren of the Tempest had formed to-
gether under the banner of Blackbeard to the great consterna-
tion of the Hierarchy.

A Comrade to All Renegades

Teach is well known and respected (sometimes feared)
among Renegade Circles. All Renegades know that when all
else fails, they can always run av

y and join Teach's gang of
pirates. They will be relatively safe from Hierarchy foes, but
not from Spectres or their own Shadows.

There is a high Oblivion rate among the Brethren of the
Tempest. Teach has been able to convince other Renegades
—and even his own Circle — that it comes from the "on the
edge" lifestyle they lead. But a few have suspected that some-
thing darker is to blame. None yet have discovered just what
the secret is.

For now, Teach's succe:
distributing and trading it at Renegade Haunts has made him
a popular man, and few would risk insulting him to his ghostly
face by raising the question of foul doings aboard his ship.

Edward Teach, "Blackheard'

Note: Blackbeard is one tough customer. He is even tougher
after 276 years of death than he was in life, and he a
knowledged as a powerhouse of a figure while he lived. He is
not someone player characters should plan on physically at-
tacking — he is a combat monster! Instead, he should provide

at gathering Hierarchy booty and

ac-

an interesting encounter and a nexus of many political or ad-
venturesome plots. If players want to beat up on pirates, they
are better off taking on one of Blackbeard's Circle.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Brethren of the Tempest

trength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

arisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Awareness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4
adership 4, Melee (Cutlass) 5,
tealth 2

Etiquette 3, Firearm:
Performance 3, Pilot Ship 5,
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Occult 4, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies (Renegades) 5, Artifact (Blackbeard's
Cutlass) 4, Contacts 3, Haunt 2, Memoriam 5, Notoriety 5,
Renegade Status 4, Wealth 5

Passions: Gain others' respect (Pride) 3, Provide shelter for
the oppressed (Hope) 2, Fight the Hierarchy (Revenge) 5

Arcanos: Argos 5%, Castigate 5, Fatalism 2, Keening 1, Lifeweb 1,
Moliate 4, Outrage 2, Usury 4

* Forbidden Paths (Argos ¢
to navigate some of the hidden byways through the Tempest,
those now claimed by Spectres. To do this, he rolls Wits +
Argos, difficulty 7. Only one success is required. However, this
costs 2 Pathos, and Teach gains 1 Angst everytime he uses this
Arcanos. His crew also gain 1 Angst (see "Secret Byways of
the Tempest," below)

Fetters: Severed Head, 3; Buried Treasure, 4
Willpower: 9

Corpus: 9 (he will regain 10 if he ever finds his head)
Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Abuser

Angst: 8

Thorns: Spectre Prestige 4, Dark Allies 3, Infamy 2, Death's
Sigil 2 (burning tapers under hat), Pact of Doom 3 (see "Se-
cret Byways of the Tempest," below)
Shadow Passions: Revenge self against Law and Order (Re-
venge) 5, Amass more treasure (Greed) 2, Become universally
reviled (Fear) 3

Artifacts: Blackbeard's Cutlass (Level 4). Teach's feared cut-
lass passed over with him as a relic, but he lost it when he w
taken in chains to the Charleston Necropolis. The Hierarchy
found that such a feared weapon possessed powers of its own.
and their Artifi When Blackbeard re-
turned to Charleston, he personally snatched it from the
Anacreon's hands before sending him to Oblivion.

rs added to it great

The cutlass does Strength +5 damage. In addition, it can sever
Fetters (as Sever Strand, Lifeweb 4). But its most amazing

> ¥
eS €hwards Teach

‘ = re


ability is its legend itself: when drawn in battle, Teach's foes
must make resisted Willpower rolls against Teach's Manipula-
tion + Intimidation (both rolls difficulty 6); if they fail, they
will fight in fear (-2 to all Dice Pools).

Image: Blackbeard is a huge, broadly built man, made even
more intimidating by the fact that his head, unlike the rest of
his body, is ghostly and translucent, floating above his shoul-

ders and often scowling. Whenever he is in the grip of his
Shadow, burning brands of hemp appear under his cap, wreath-
ing his head in smoke and greatly enhancing the terror of his
image. He wears his pirate outfit of old: tri-cornered cap, jacket,
sash, huge cutlass at his side and six pistols tucked into his
shirt and sash.

Roleplaying Hints: You are mean and surly, except when you
have returned to your Haunt with booty. Then you revel in
partying with your fellows, often belting out dirty shanties and
sea songs with a booming voice. You are bitter because you
have no "cultured" friends with which to discuss high-minded
1} matters such as philosophy or society. If you find such a friend,
you will defend them at the cost of your own soul.

# israel Hands

Israel died of starvation in London, England. This was af-
ter he had managed to avoid the hangman's noose for aiding
and abetting a pirate (Blackbeard) for all those years. He was
Blackbeard's main mate and captained some of his fleet when
they terrorized the coast of America at the turn of the eigh-
teenth century.

Israel both reveres Teach (as a father figure) and hates
him (as a father figure). Teach could be a magnanimous and
p hearty friend in life, but his dark urges often caught up with
him. Such was the case one night when he shot Israel in the
leg for the fun of it. It crippled Israel for life and even now
bothers him in death. Something dark in Israel wants revenge,
but Teach is unaware of this.

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Conniver

Circle: Brethren of the Tempest

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Expression 1, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 5, Subterfuge 5
Skills: Firearms 4, Leadership 2, Melee (Cutlass) 3, Pilot Ship 5,
Repair 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 2, Medicine 2
Backgrounds: Allies (Renegades) 3, Contacts 3, Haunt 3,
Memoriam 2, Notoriety 2, Renegade Status 3, Wealth 3

92

Haunts

Passions: Become famous (Hope) 4, Become wealthy (Greed) 2, Fol-
low Blackbeard (Fear) 3

Arcanos: Argos 4, Fatalism 1, Inhabit 4, Keening 1, Lifeweb 1,
Moliate 3, Usury 2

Fetters: Back alley in London (place of his death), 2; Buried
Treasure (hidden with Blackbeard's), 4

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Pusher

Angst: 6

Thorns: Shadow Traits (Leadership), Bad Luck, Freudian Slip
Shadow Passions: Destroy Blackbeard (Revenge) 2, Rule over
other men (Hate) 4

Image: Israel is a skinny, almost emaciated elder man (in his
50s), but has a wiry agility. He limps wherever he goes, the
result of his knee injury in life . He wears a golden earring and
carries a brace of pistols with him at all times.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a grouchy one, but know how to
do your job well. When the loot comes in, though, you know
how to party with the best of them.


ae Taiteeat i
Captain jack Rackham, Calico jack

Jack Rackham was an acquaintance of Blackbeard's in life,
a fellow member of the Brethren of the Coast. He once served
under the pirate Captain Vane, but ousted him by popular vote
from his own ship and went on to win much booty for himself
and his men. Among his crew were Anne Bonny and Mary
Read, his girlfriends, who dressed as men and served as pirates
on board his ship.

Jack was finally captured and put on trial, and was ex-
ecuted on November 18th, 1720. He was "hung on Gibbets in
Chains, fora publick Example, and to terrify others from such-
like evil practices."

When he arrived in the Shadowlands, his caul was re-
inoved by a Hierarchy Reaper with a brace of barghests. Jack
became this wraith's manservant for a time until he could take
it no more. He spurred a Thrall revolt with aid from a local

Renegade Circle and made his escape into the Shadowlands,
moving to and from Necropoli up and down the coast, aiding
Renegade dissent.

When he heard of Blackbeard's return, he struck out on a
ship of his own to find his old acquaintance and join up. He
has not been happier since before his death.

Nature: Bon Vivant

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Brethren of the Tempest

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
ssion 3, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

tiquette 2, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee (Cutlass) 4,
Pilot Ship 4, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Medicine 1, Occult 1,
Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies (Renegades) 4, Contacts 3, Haunt 2,
Memoriam 2, Notoriety 3, Status (Renegades) 3, Wealth 3
Passions: Humiliate the Hierarchy (Revenge) 3, Become as
renowned as Blackbeard (Envy) 2, Be liked by all (Hope) 3

Arcanos: Argos 4, Embody 4, Keening 2, Lifeweb 1, Outrage 2
Pandemonium 3, Usury 1

Fetters: Buried Treasure (in the Caribbean), 4; His descen-
dants (progeny of various bastards he left behind), 3
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Director

Angst: 5

=)
Thorns: Trick of the Light, Doppleganger

Shadow Passions: Hurt Blackbeard's reputation (Envy) 3,
Amass
Image:
calico. He i

reasure (Greed) 2

Dalico Jack dresses like he did in life, in clothes all of
of average height and build, with a well-groomed

mustache and goatee. He looks about 35 years old.
Roleplaying Hints: Jack is a showy type, the kind of pirate
Errol Flynn would have liked to have played. He tries to live
up to the swashbuckling legend of piratry and always has a
laugh for a mate.

Mary Read

Mary ran away from an abusive home and joined the Breth-

the crew found out, they tried to have their way with her, but she
wasn't having any of that. She knocked two overboard and shot one
in the gut till Jack stopped the fight. She stayed in his cabin after that,
nything about it.

and no one on the crew dared to say

The problem was, Jack liked what she had done so much
that he invited his next fling on board disguised also. So, Mary
shared Jack's affections with Anne Bonny fora time. She didn't

think she deserved anything better.

When Jack was captured, Mary and Anne were also put
on trial, but since they were both heavy with Jack's children
they were spared. But while Anne went on to live a long life,
Mary caught a bad fever and died in her prison cell, awaiting
the magistrate's decision concerning her fate.

lackbeard's Cove

(ey

When she arrived in the Shadowlands, she came under
the iron rule of the Hierarchy, as did Blackbeard and Calico
Jack. Not everyone, of course, has such bad luck with the Hi-
Y crarchy, but it seemed fate ainst these pirates. However,
Y unlike Teach or Jack, she along with them for a while,
§ rising slowly in their ranks. But when she heard Calico Jack
was in the Shadowlands, she threw away all she had worked
ff for and fled to Ocracoke to join him. He was happy to see her,
Mp but his love for her was long cold. She intends to re-ignite it.
WY, Nature: Rebel
WW) Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Circle: Brethren of the Tempest

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Expression 3, Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3, Subter-
fuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 4, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee (Cutlass) 4,
Pilot Ship 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 1, Medicine 2, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Allies (Renegades) 3, Contacts 2, Haunt 2,
Memoriam 1, Notoriety 2, Status (Renegades) 3, Wealth 2

Passions: Make everyone fear you (Revenge) 3, Love Calico
Jack (Love) 2, Destroy the Hierarchy (Hate) 3

Axcanos: Argos 3, Castigate 3, Embody 3, Keening3, Lifeweb 1, Phan-
Y tasm 3, Usury 1

Fetters: Grave in Jamaica, 3; Buried Treasure (buried with
Calico Jack's), 2

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Martyr

Angst: 4

Thorns: Shadow Life

Shadow Passions: Hurt anyone who gets to close to Calico
Jack (Envy) 3, Make the Hierarchy pay (Revenge) 2

Image: Mary is a pretty young woman with an athletic build,
well-tanned from marching pirate decks in life. She dresses in
flamboyant pirate style.

g Hints: You are mocking and cruel to those who
ed asa

‘ k, and your wit has a razor edge. You were
servant in a house that punished those who were vulgar or

improper, especially young ladies. You have to make up for all

those years of keeping silent.

qhe Brethren of the Tempest

Most of the Brethren of the Coast were once Thralls of
the Hierarchy. Many of them owe their freedom to Blackbeard
and thus serve him loyally. Others are just along for the re-
venge trip.

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bravo

Circle: Brethren of the Tempest

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

4 Ziretheren of the Tempest

g 94 Haunts


Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Streetwise 3

Skills: Firearms 2, Melee (Cutlass) 1, Pilot Ship 1, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies (Renegades) 1

Passions: Get rich (Greed) 3, Hurt the Hierarchy (Hate) 3,
Get revenge against some wrong committed in life (Revenge) 2
Arcanos: Argos 1, Keening 1, Outrage 1

Fetters: Grave site (usually unmarked), 3; Object from life
(usually money), 2

Willpower: 5
Pathos: 5

The Pusher

Thorns: Shadow Traits (usually Brawl)

Shadow Passions: Spend wealth faster than it can be gained
(Greed) 3, Destroy friendships (Hate) 3

Image: The typical pirate — all the Brethren of the Tempest
revel in their identity, like boys playing in a fort.

Roleplaying Hints: Say, "Arrr, matey!" and "Yo, ho, ho and a

bottle of rum!" a lot.

Kierarchy: The lth Legion

The Hierarchy is not sitting still while Blackbeard terror-
izes its citizens on land and
they have released the 11th Legion, the Doom Sharks, to cap-

In response to his assaults,

ture him. This Legion is a naval troop with a dreadnought of
Stygian iron and sails sewn of souls. When the Underworld
wind hits the sails, the moaning of the trapped souls can some-
times be heard, although the crew prefers to think it is the
whistling of the wind.

The Legion travels from Necropolis to Necropolis search-
ing for news of Blackbeard and his fleet. While Captain
Spotswood suspects that Blackbeard is holed up at Ocracoke,
he doesn't dare go there. Only as a last resort will he try to
assault that storm-wracked island.

Captain Alexander Spotswood

Virginia Governor Spotswood needed a trophy with which
he could silence his political enemies. Blackbeard was the best
candidate. Spotswood set about to destroy Blackbeard by fe
cating requests from North Carolina residents to save them from
the pirate, putting a price on Blackbeard's head (which Spotswood
intended to collect) and financing Maynard's expedition to
Ocracoke. Maynard was the one to deliver the death blows, but it
was really Spotswood who killed Blackbeard by creating a cam-

paign against him.

fabri-

The political power of Blackbeard's death helped for a
while, but Spotswood couldn't keep his enemies silent for too
long, and he eventually lost his governor's seat.

After his death, Spotswood became a model Hierarchy
citizen, quickly rising in the ranks. His political skills of
backstabbing and outmaneuvering his foes served him well in
the Richmond Necropolis.

But then Blackbeard came back.

Spotswood was charged with the duty to bringing the pi-
rate and his Brethren in for punishment. He was given com-
mand of the 11th Legion and sent to travel the River of Death
and its byways in search of the pirate. It was made very clear to

in death, Or else lose all his position and status.

Spotswood curses his fate and hates Blackbeard with all
the passion he can muster. He has recently taken terrible risks
in the Tempest to try and catch the pirate, and his crew hat
him for it.

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Director

Circle: The Eleventh Legion (Naval)

Physic:
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental
Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Expres-
sion 4, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Investigation 4, Law 4, Politics 4

: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

i Captnin Wlexander Spotswood

SES


LESS
= 2 FASE
Backgrounds: Allies (Hierarchy) 4, Haunt 3, Memoriam 1,
Notoriety 3, Status (Hierarchy) 4, Wealth 4
W Passions: Destroy Blackbeard (Hate) 5, Rise in power (Envy) 4
N Arcanos: Argos 4, Castigate 3, Fatalism 4, Lifeweb 2, Usury 5
) Fetters: Governor's mansion in Virginia, 3;
Spotsylvania county (named after him), 2
Willpower: 8
Y Pathos: 7
Shadow: The Leech
Angst: 5
Thorns: Spectre Prestige 2, Dark Allies 1, Aura of Corrup-
tion, Devil's Dare
Shadow Passions: Aid Blackbeard (Hate) 5, Embarass
Spotswood before superiors (Envy) 3
Image: Impeccably dressed, early-18th century Virginia gentle-
man. He appears to be in his 50s. His face bears a constant
look of disdain.

Roleplaying Hints: Everyone about you is scum of the earth
I and disgusting filth. Except your Hierarchy lords, of course,

whose boots you'd lick even if they were covered in Spectre
slime. The disdain you hold for the uncivilized drips in every
sentence you utter.

Secret Byways of the Tempest

Late one night he crossed the river by himself

Home in

The waters searched and reached for him through the night

And the storm raged on and on

and on and on and on and on

— Brian Setzer, "The Haunted River"

Blackbeard has made a deal with the Devil — his own
Shadow. When he was lost in the Tempest long ago, he under-
went a torturous experience which he will not reveal to any-
one. To escape his plight, he made a deal with his darker half
and the Spectres it communicated with. In return for the even-
tual delivery of his soul to his Shadow, Teach was shown many
secret byways through the Tempest, some of them unknown to
even the Ferrymen. >

But these are dangerous rivers, with Spectres lurking on
every side. No ship can safely pass them without some token
4 of passage: Blackbeard''s flag.

Unknown to his Brethren, Blackbeard has sold out his fellow
pirates' souls. Anyone who travels the secret byways under
Blackbeard's flag is allowed to pass, but their Shadows gain secret
power over them (+1 Angst temporary with each passage).

Blackbeard has not done this out of sheer evil. He did it
to escape. He is constantly searching for some method to elude
the pact he made, to break the Spectres' hold over him and all
who travel with him. (See "Break the Devil's Pact," below.)

The reasons Blackbeard has not yet been swallowed by
his Shadow are many. For one, his high levels in the Castigate
Arcanos allow him to defy his Shadow at times. For another,
Haunts

abe.

KS

Ss
Mer ariese

he makes it a point to always have a Pardoner among his crew,
although, oddly, these Pardoners don't seem to last very long,
usually disappearing while in the Tempest when Blackbeard
feels they know too much about his secrets.

Yet another reason is that the Spectres have need of him
as he is. If he were consumed too quickly, their power over his
crew would disappear. Thus, many Spectres have ganged up
on Blackbeard's own Shadow to prevent it from acting too
quickly or obviously.

The Ships

Delirious, I saw that hell-bound ship's black sails against the
yellow Indies sky, and knew again the stench of powder, men's
brains, and war.

— Alan Moore, "Tales of the Black Freighter"

Blackbeard has three ships in his fleet. The smallest and
most maneuverable is his own, which he has dubbed the Ad-
venturer after his old ship. Calico Jack captains the largest,
dubbed the Tempest Wolf, used to assault the most daunting of
Hierarchy fleets, and Israel Hands captains the third, a sloop
named The Sly, used for small rivers. All were once Hierarchy
dipeandiers madechSopianticons

His main foe, the 11th Legion, hunts for him in their black
iron dreadnought, called the Renegade's Bane.

Story ideas

The following ideas can be used to involve Blackbeard
and his Brethren in a Wraith story:

¢ Joining the Brethren

The lure of the pirate's life tugs at each red-blooded Ameri-
can boy —and perhaps still at his wraithly Psyche. Player char-
acters may want to join Blackbeard's band of pirates to get
their own form of revenge against the Hierarchy, to gather lots
of loot or simply for the adventure of it all.

There's fun to be had, but danger also. The Hierarchy is
not kind to those it captures at piracy. The punishment is al-
most always a sentence to be melted down in the forges of
Stygia. Thralldom waits at the very least.

Another danger, although one even Blackbeard's crew is
unaware of, is that to sail with Teach is to give the Devil his
due. Player characters who travel the secret byways of the Tem-
pest on one of Teach's vessels will have their Shadows fed.

However, the benefits are increased Status among the
Renegades, potential access to Artifacts (for those who dare
take them) and a chance to explore the weird places awaiting
outside the Shadowlands.

Fetch Blackbeard's Head

Whoever has Blackbeard's head has power over him. But
no one appears to have it. Not even Blackbeard can find it,
even after threatening and bribing the greatest Monitors. How-


ever, he knows — feels it in his plasmic bones — that it still
What has become of it? Why is it hidden from him?
Blackbeard would greatly reward whoever finds his head, and

damn the soul who uses it against him!

What is known is that Teach's head was taken back as a
trophy to Virginia, where it was displayed in Williamsburg for
atime. It eventually became used as a silver-sided punchbowl
at the Raleigh Tavern there. However, it has not been seen for
some time.

If the player characters do find it, do they give it to Teach?
Do they bribe him? What if they give it to the Hierarchy?

¢ Find the Treasure

All of Blackbeard's captains possess buried treasure in the
Skinlands, although in locations only they know — and they
aren't telling. When asked about where his treasure was bur-
ied, Blackbeard said,"nobody, but himself and the Devil knew
where it was, and the longest liver take all."

a quaint custom among pirates when burying
hey killed one of the diggers so that his ghost would

There we

treasure:
guard it. If the player characters find the location of any of

these pirates' treasures, they may be confronted by wretched
wraiths set to their task long ago, still guarding in fear of
Blackbeard's anger.

However, the risk may be worth it, for there are surely
relics and even Artifacts in those troves which might exist in
the Shadowlands. In addition, it is rumored that Blackbeard
has also cached some of his Hierarchy loot. Where is it? What
is it?

¢ Aid Blackbeard to Find Transcendence

A Herculean task, but one which might gain the player
characters some strength and faith against their own Shad-
, is to help Blackbeard find Transcendence. He does want
it, although he doesn't realize it himself. Stripped of his rage,
he so desperately wants to rest, to give up the whole game of
being a terror to civilization.

ows

But he must first resolve his Fetters, which means finding
his head and convincing him to give up his treasure. He also
must escape his Devil's Pact, not only for his sake, but that of
his crew also.

Break the Devil's Pact

The most important and lasting effect the player charac-
ters can have is to aid Teach in breaking the pact he made
with his Shadow and the Spectres of the Tempest. But how to
do this and not get swallowed by Oblivion in the process?

If the player characters have traveled with Teach for a
while, breaking the pact is imperative. If it could be broken,
all the Angst their Shadows gained from it would be lost.

But even discovering the pact is tough in the first place
— Teach is not revealing his secrets. Nobody's Shadow will
want to tell either, because they all gain from the secrecy.

Once found out, Teach will do anything to shut the nosy
wraiths up. If they agree to silence and to help him break the

=—_

Storytelling Ship Combat

Rules for ship combat could take up an en-
tire chapter. Instead, we recommend you run
such combats very loose and easy, emphasizing
Storytelling rather than dice rolls. Use the fol-
lowing tactical hints to.run such naval affairs:

Blackbeard's Tactics: Blackbeard prefers to
assault small vessels or those whose crew will
surrender quickly at the sight of him. He will
not directly fight a dreadnought.

Blackbeard will fire his guns at a target ship
and pull up alongside her, then try to board her.
It is man-to-man combat on the planks that
Blackbeard's crew excels at, although his cap-
tains are all expert navigators and tacticians.
For story purposes, get Blackbeard's crew on
board a target ship as fast as possible, and then
the dice rolling can begin.

The 11th Legion: It is Spotswood's aim to
directly Blackbeard with the
dreadnought's guns. He wants to cripple the
pirate's ship so she can't flee, and then board
her and capture her crew. He is forbidden by
his superiors from slaughtering the crew — they
should not feed Oblivion: However, Spotswood
thinks he can get away with breaking this rule
Spotswood, if angry enough, will attempt to fol-
low Blackbeard through the secret byways
perhaps to his own crew's doom

assault

pact, he will accept them as boon allies in his attempt to es
cape fate. But if they threaten to blow the whistle on him, h
will go into a rage and try to slaughter them all, and be damned
if it feeds Oblivion in the process.

Thus, this story requires some sense of diplomacy. The;

player characters must carefully work their way through the
social politics of the Brethren. If they accuse Blackbeard with-
out proof, his blindly loyal pirates will keelhaul them all. Even,
with proof, Blackbeard will try to turn it around on them and,
make it look like the pact was theirs.

In the end, the only way to really break the pact may be
to sacrifice Blackbeard, either by convincing him to give up to
fate or by throwing him into a Nihil. But this doesn't wash
away the taint on the crew. Only by dealing face to face with
Teach's Shadow can the pact be dissolved.

Just how this is done is up to the Storyteller. It depend
on what type of story she wants to run: one where Transcen-
dence and sacrifice are essential ingredients, or one where jus-
tice and the overthrow of a tyrant are more central to the
theme.


prising Dublin:
The Renegades of the
ving Column

By jackie Cassada

Haunt Level: 3
Memoriam Level: 3

Nothing can stay my glance

Until that glance run in the world's despite

To where the damned have howled away their hearts,
And where the blessed dance...

— W. B. Yeats, "All Souls' Night"

A Tradition of insurrection

revolution never truly dies, especially a
doomed one. On Easter Monday, April 24,
1916, a group of Irish patriots led by apoet, a handful of years, the seeds planted in the blood of the
a labor leader and a teacher captured the _ Rising had resulted in the formation of an Irish state and e
A) Dublin General Post Office (GPO). From tablished a pattern of bitter enmity and es
'| this symbol of British authority, they pro- that still endures.
claimed the birth of the Irish Republic and Although the "troubles" of Ireland have moved northward, 9
independence from the British Empire. Five days later, bat- the weight of history hangs heavily over the site of the nation's'
tered by artillery from the British troops, demoralized by lack seminal uprising. In the Shadowlands, where the voices of the
of popular support, and appalled by the unforeseen conse- _ past are more than echoes, the building that for five days served
quences of their actions, the rebels surrendered. as headquarters for a rebellion and heartstone of a dream has

Chapter Seven: Uprising in Dublin

The British authorities executed the leaders of the rebel-


B 100

Haunts

. =

ORO

SS

become the focus for a similar revolution. In the midst of Hi-
erarchy-controlled lands, a small group of Renegades calling
themselves "The Flying Column" has established a stronghold
from which they hope one day to liberate the Necropolis of
Dublin.

They are, of course, doomed to fail. The Hierarchy bides
its time, waiting for the rebel wraiths to make their move, cer-
tain that their own superior forces will prevail over a ragtag
gang of idealists and malcontents. For the present, they are
content to allow the Renegades their territorial claim to the
GPO and its surroundings. It places the local dissidents under-
neath their watchful eyes and allows them to monitor the
comings and goings of the Haunt's inhabitants. Sooner or later,
the Hierarchy reasons, the hopeless fools will run out of steam.
Either the rebels will find they lack the means to maintain the
Haunt's defenses, or they will grow bored with their minimal
activity within the Necropolis and mount a full-scale attack
upon Hierarchy troops, engaging in a battle they cannot hope
to win. All the Legions need do is wait for the inevitable.

They have been waiting for more than a decade.

A sense of stalemate and escalating tensions surrounds this
Haunt. The Flying Column, which claims the GPO as their
"turf," has stranded itself in enemy territory. Contacts with
other Renegades are few and far between, and forays outside
the confines of their domain must be conducted with great
stealth in order to avoid notice by Hierarchy agents. The price
these Renegades have to pay is steep, and a few members of
the Column are beginning to wonder if holding on to a sym-
bol, however potent, is worth the trouble. Internal conflicts
between advocates of a concerted effort to expand their hold-
ings and proponents of a strategic withdrawal (cutting their
losses) grow more frequent and threaten to dissolve the united
front needed by the group to survive. Only the vision of their
dynamic leader and his fragmented body of supporters keeps
the Flying Column more or less intact.

The pressure is mounting steadily. The cauldron of seeth-
ing hopes and dreams is on the verge of boiling over. What
will happen next is anybody's guess.

Dublin in the Skinlands

The River Liffey flows along an east-west path through
the city of Dublin, Ireland. South of the river stands Christ
Church Cathedral, Dublin Castle, the Bank of Ireland and
Trinity College. North of the river, crowded shops and once-
fine houses occupy a network of small streets in what was once
the heart of Dublin's shopping district. Crossing the Liffey, a
number of wide bridges connect the two halves of the city.

Se i AAT SO gee

At the north end of the O'Connell Bridge, where
O'Connell Street (formerly known as Sackville Street) carves
its way northward through the city, stands a monument to
Daniel O'Connell, known as "The Liberator." Another monu-
ment, to Irish statesman Charles Stewart Parnell, marks the
northern terminus of O'Connell Street. Between those two
memorials to Ireland's history — and towering over them both
— once stood Nelson's Pillar, a tribute to one of England's
most famous admirals. Until it was destroyed by an explosion
in 1966, this symbol of British authority and dominance loomed
over the heart of Dublin and cast its proud shadow over the
birthplace of Irish independence.

Almost directly across from the former site of Nelson's
Pillar, the Dublin General Post Office occupies an entire block
of O'Connell Street, the principal north-south thoroughfare

of Ireland's capital. Restored to its original design after its de-

struction during the events of 1916, this massive three-story
edifice, fronted by eight Ionic columns, endows Dublin's com-
mercial district with a classical grace that belies its magnitude.
Large windows on each level overlook the streets which bor-
der the building. From atop the portico of the GPO, statues of
Hibernia, Mercury and Fidelity gaze placidly down upon all
who pass.

The ground floor contains a large main room which boasts
a bronze statue of the legendary Irish hero Cuchulainn as well

asa long counter where postal workers conduct their duties. A

wide staircase leads to the upper floors, which hold rooms of
varying sizes used as offices, storage rooms, meeting areas or

file rooms. A smaller set of stairs on the main floor leads to the
basement.

During the hours in which the GPO is open for business,
the building bustles with activity. Oblivious to the shadow
world which surrounds them, the Quick come and go about
their daily duties. Postal clerks, mail carriers and customers —
as well as tourists viewing the site made famous in 1916 — fill
the main concourse and offices with noise and vigor.

A steady diet of Passion collects in this center of commu-
nication. Occasionally, spectacular outbursts of joy or grief
charge the atmosphere of the GPO as someone hastily opens a
ts with visible
to its contents. The anxieties of postal workers over salarie:

long-awaited letter or package and rea ling

working conditions or personal worries contribute to the emo-
tional ambience. Heated discussions of politics or social issues
often erupt among Dubliners waiting their turn at the business
counters.

Perhaps the strongest continuous current of energy comes
from the building itself, where time has imbued it with the
historic pride and defiance of the martyrs of the Easter Rising.
aken these particularly

Guided tours of the building tend to aw
potent emotions.

Chapter Seven: Uprising in Dublin 1014


We've heard the legends

Ofthe men who dealt the blow

Against the tyrants

Atthe Dublin GPO

Is that all over? Is their noble spirit dead?

Can you forget the cause for which they fought and bled?

—Celtic Thunder, "Streets of Belfast"

When the building shuts down its daily operations, how-
ever, it stands empty and silent in the world of the Quick.
Occasionally the footsteps of the night watchman making his
rounds through the darkened rooms and halls breaks the still-
ness, but apart from that the GPO lies dormant and unoccu-
pied.

In the Shadowlands, however, a grimmer structure super-
imposes its battered form over the reconstructed post office.
Still bearing the scars of its occupation and destruction, this

ij
i

f) ghostly building — a truer shrine to the martyrs and patriots

WA

‘ault by Hierarchy forces, the collective amassing of
nationalistic fervor and glorious madness which marked the
building's final days has fortified the remains of the structure,
creating a fortress that is nearly impermeable to attackers.

The British bombardment of the GPO leveled an area of
several blocks around the building, and the ghostly shells of
former jewelry and silver shops, toy and clothing stores and
other small businesses now act as a buffer for the Renegades of
the Flying Column. Spectral barricades of twisted junk and
merchandise, including bicycles and a motorcar belonging to
one of the original rebels of 1916, still block O'Connell Street's
southern end — forming an impediment to wraiths seeking to
approach the area from the O'Connell Bridge.


= <j] write it out in a verse -
gs ") MacDonagh and MacBride
Bd And Connolly and Pearse
Now and in time to be,
| Wherever green is worn,
Are changed, changed utterly:
A terrible beauty is born.
—W. B. Yeats, "Easter, 1916"

The first of the Restless Dead who claimed the GPO as
their Haunt were the spirits of the leaders of the hapless Easter
Rising. Within two weeks of their surrender, scholar Padraic
Pearse, poet Joseph Mary Plunkett, Marxist labor leader James
Connolly and eleven other insurgents faced court martial and
death by firing squad in the courtyard of Dublin's Kilmainham
Jail. Drawn by their unfinished desire for Ireland's freedom to
the site of their moment of glory, these heirs to Ireland's bloody
legacy formed the core of the first Renegade Circle to claim
the GPO as their Haunt.

The bloody Irish Civil War of the 1920s fueled the Haunt
with the agony of a nation's growing pains, but as the center of
struggle for independence moved from Dublin to Ulster, the
founders of the Haunt followed the pull of their passions north-
ward. During the period of the GPO's reconstruction, the Haunt
stood abandoned and waiting for renewal.

After the creation of the Irish Free State in 1938, a sort of
order descended upon Dublin. In the Shadowlands, the Hier-
archy consolidated its position in the city's Necropolis. From
their Citadel and strongholds south of the Liffey, they fed on
the waves of tradition and conservative Catholicism that pre-
vailed in southern Ireland, growing complacent in their power.

With the outbreak of World War II, however, Irish na-
tionalists, discontented with a divided country, once again
began to agitate, hoping that an alliance with England's en-
emies could win them a united Ireland. More moderate fac-
tions prevailed, and Ireland joined the small group of nations
who declared neutrality for the war's duration. This did not
stop efforts by die-hard proponents of Irish unity from court-
ing the Germans, nor did the Nazis fail to see the benefits from
inserting their agents into England through Ireland's back door.
Most of these plans failed, and the Irish government clamped
down hard on attempts to subvert its neutrality in either di-
rection.

Necropolis Dublin. Using the ready-made Haunt of the GPO
as their headquarters, they mounted a campaign intended to
erode the authority of the Hierarchy. In part, they succeeded,
and the results of their actions were mirrored in the world of
the Quick by the formation of the Irish Republic in 1948. The
Hierarchy in Dublin found themselves cut off from the sup-
port of their colleagues in England by this action.

The impetus for change faltered somewhat in the early
1950s, as less violent but more pressing s
pied the attention of the Irish Republic. Onc

made a move to unite the Renegade factions in all of Ir
including their beleaguered comrades in Ulster. The six-
conflict known as the Border War in the Skinlan

of the revolutionary factions in Belfast and Londonderry,
Northern Ireland.

The GPO Haunt remained unclaimed during the period
known as the "Troubles" of Northern Ireland, which began in
the late 1960s and continued through most of the next d
cade. Renegades from all over Europe and even America
flocked instead to Ulster to take advantage of the
emotions and outright bloodshed. The Hierarchy of Dublin's®
Necropolis saw to it that any Renegades using Dublin as a tran-
sit point spent as little time in the city as possible.

A few Renegades managed to hide from the Hierarchy,¢
concealing themselves in outposts along the fringe of Dubling
and gradually building up the strength to make a foray intog
Hierarchy lands within the city. The assassination in 1976 off
the British ambassador in Dublin alerted the Hierarchy to th
continued influence of Renegade agitators, but this actiong
seemed to be directed towards the continuing conflict in North-
ern Ireland. Concerted efforts of the Renegades to oust the)
Hierarchy failed to materialize.

Instead, the clandestine Renegades in Dublin chose tc
encourage the growing political unrest in the Irish Republic.
In the early 1980s, using the emotionally charged atmosphere!

claimed the waiting GPO as their Haunt. Determined to learn!
from the mistakes of the past, the Renegades who call them-
selves the Flying Column have embarked on a course of subtle
erosion of the Hierarchy's power. The increasing moderniza-
tion and liberalization of the Irish Republic is evidence of their
activities.


Though aware of the existence of the Flying Column and
the reoccupation of the GPO, the Hierarchy has decided to
maintain a position of watchful inaction until the Renegades
make a decisive move.
In 1990, Mary Robinson, a woman sympathetic to the
WY overlooked plight of Irish women, rose to the office of Presi-
Re
n

Q feminist reform. A few of Necropolis Dublin's Hierarchy took

dent, using this figurehead position to publicize the need for

n. The destabilization of the Irish government and the
ousting of Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Charles Haughey in 1992

Currently the Hierarchy is divided on whether or not to
move against the Flying Column. A few hard-liners feel a pre-
emptive strike on the GPO is the only solution to rid Dublin's
} Necropolis of its subversive element. The majority of Hierar-
a chy supporters, however, prefer to employ subtler squeeze tac-

ih tics to gradually isolate the Renegades from any who might aid
their efforts. To this end, the Hi
its own strongholds and keep watch on the byways leading to

archy has begun to bolster

IT the GPO, hoping to control and monitor traffic to and from
the Renegade stronghold.

Extemal Relations
nlike the headquarters of many other Ren-

ae egade groups throughout the Underworld,
the Flying Column's Hauntis relatively open
in Necropolis Dublin. The occupation of the
GPO symbolizes defiance in the face of the
Hierarchy's authority. Although the Cohorts
! and Legions of Dublin seem to turn a blind
eye to the Haunt's existence, the Spooks and Harbingers (whose
business is information) predict that the patience of Dublin's
Anacreon will soon be exhausted, and that sooner or later, the

Legions of Necropolis Dublin will attack in force and capture or
drive out the members of the Flying Column.

The Column has generated a lot of sympathy from other Ren-
egade groups, some of whom have only heard of them by reputation.
Though some factions consider the Flying Column foolish for their
suicidal bravado, others admire their courage and draw inspiration
from the Column's example to fuel their own struggles with the Hier-
archy, It is not unheard of for Renegades in Boston or Berlin to send
envoys to Dublin with messages of solidarity for Rory and his com-
rades. Communications between Renegades in Ulster and their south-
em colleagues are frequent despite the Hierarchy's active attempt to
shut down that particular information pathway.


The various Heretic Cults in Necropolis Dublin recog-
nize the Flying Column as a determining factor in local poli-
tics. Some Cults watch the Column closely, figuring that any
official move on the Renegades by the Hierarchy will signal
their own impending persecution. Occasionally a Cult mem-
ber will attempt to proselytize among the men and women of
the Flying Column, but so far no one has been able to dissuade
these Renegades from their purpose, even for a higher calling.

Relations between the Flying Column and individual
members of the Hierarchy run the gamut from belligerent
name-calling to casual camaraderie. So long as they are not
acting in an official capacity, many Legionnaires demonstrate
a covert tolerance of the rebels in their midst, going so far as
to greet them or joke casually with them in passing. This state
of affairs, of course, is subject to change without notice.

The Quick and The Dead

Vampires

For the most part, the Kindred of Dublin are unaware of
the existence of wraith society, although vampires native to
Ireland seem to accept the fact that "ghosts" exist. After all,
vampires exist, and superstitions often have their basis in more
than fancy. The rantings of an occasional Malkavian Anarch
or a Toreador "sensitive" to emanations from the world be-
yond have so far been dismissed by the elders of Dublin's
Camarilla. Although the GPO would, under normal circum-
stances, probably form part of Dublin's Elysium (due to its his-
toric value), the few times that Kindred have attempted to
make use of the building, they have experienced distinct feel-
ings of unease.

The Flying Column knows of the existence of vampires,
but they are reluctant to attempt contact with any of these
"unnatural" creatures. Limited exposure to Dublin's Kindred
has all but convinced the wraiths that dealing with vampires
can only lead to embroilment in yet another level of politics,
one in which they wish to have no part.

Werewolves

The countryside around Dublin shelters a number of Garou,
predominantly Fianna. Typically, most werewolves avoid the city
itself. The few Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers who reside in
Dublin are preoccupied with their concern for the living world.
One notable exception to the Garou's indifference to the pres-
ence of wraiths is the Fianna Theurge Dierdre ni Breanainn
(BREH-neen). As a member of the Grandchildren of Fionn, her
interest in Irish history has brought her time and again to the site
of the Easter Rising. Her Theurge Gifts have allowed her to make
tentative contact with one of the spirits who inhabit the GPO
and who appears to embody the form of Ireland Herself, Cathleen
ni Houlihan (see Maeread Shaughnessy). Dierdre has begun to


3) formulate a plan that involves enlisting the aid of "Cathleen" and
her companions to strike a blow for Ireland and for Gaia. She is

paid qanltend driveaameiaegaleateslinni a
) to herself until she has something concrete to offer.

¥ one coven Sat Veen makes its hens on the he of the
Y city. The abiding religious faith of the city's largely Catholic
population guarantees that the Celestial Chorus has a token
presence in Dublin, while the Theosophist revival of the late
AU? 19th century (a movement which counted William Butler Yeats

8 as one of its members) provides a basis of support for the Order
i) of Hermes: Representatives of the Technocracy stem mostly
from the ranks of the Progenitors who see Ireland as a fertile
f testing ground for experimental research before exporting the
If results of their tests to England and Europe.

The wraiths of Necropolis Dublin studiously avoid initi-
ating contact with known mages, although if the Flying Col-
umn should decide that allying themselves with one of the
Tradition cabals would further their cause, they might con-
sider revealing themselves to a likely group.

nations of the land, Chablis in the Dublin area may in feat
be sensitive to the presence of the city's Restless Dead. The Hier-
archy officially opposes contact with Changelings (or any other
denizens of the Skinlands). The Renegades and Heretics of Dublin
ignore the dictates of the Hierarchy, but they do so at their own
tisk. Members of the Flying Column have debated the merits of
attempting to enlist the aid of Changelings in their struggle. So
far, they have not reached a consensus due to their fear of the
quixotic nature of these potential allies.

Mortals

Most mortals pass through the GPO oblivious to the pres-
ence of its ghostly inhabitants. If they sense anything at all, it is
an overall feeling of turbulence easily explained by the building's
historic import. A rare few, however, come closer than most people
to penetrating the Shroud that masks the Shadowlands from mortal
© sensibilities. Veteran postal clerk Padraig Mundy, "Paddy" to his

friends, comes from a family endowed with "second sight." A soli-
tary individual who enjoys taking his lunch in one of the empty
upstairs rooms of the GPO and who often works after hours, Paddy
has glimpsed flickers of movement out of the corner of his eye and
occasionally heard muffled voices coming from an otherwise empty
space. A powerful sense of the building's past nearly always over-
whelms him when he first arrives at work. Paddy is in his early 60s
and nearing retirement after 40 years of service, a condition he
both regrets and fears.

Father Kieran Nolan, a young priest fresh from the semi-
nary at Maynooth, 15 miles outside of Dublin, has also sensed
the presence of "restless spirits" whenever he visits the GPO.
A passionate scholar of Irish history, Father Nolan believes
that the ghosts of the Rising still haunt their final battleground.
Like a number of Irish priests who see no conflict in mixing
their religious vocation with a strong dose of Irish national-
ism, Father Nolan walks a fine line between the tenets of his
faith and his personal desire to see Ireland united. He is torn
between informing his bishop of his suspicions regarding the
presence of ghosts in the GPO and pursuing contact himself.
So far, his prayers for guidance have not been answered.

The Inquisition has a strong presence in Dublin. Though
not officially recognized by the Catholic Church, the Society
of Leopold's local chapter flourishes due to the strong religious
traditions that permeate Irish society. Although wraiths are
not the primary focus of their research, members of this fa-
natic organization would value acquiring definitive proof of
the existence of the Shadowlands.

The ‘Flying Column:
= Renegates

g) ome all ye young rebels and list while I sing
For the love of one's country isa terrible thing
It banishes fear like the speed of a flame
And makes us all part of the patriot game

—Brendan Behan, "The Patriot Game"

Named for the mobile attack units of
the Irish Republican Army which harried the British in the
early 1920s and led to the separation of southern Ireland from

Britain, the Flying Column consists of a variable number of

Renegade wraiths united by their desire to oust the Hierarchy

from Necropolis Dublin. Although Ireland is their battleground

and the portal through which these Renegades draw their sub-
sistence, their focus is primarily aimed at changing the bal-
ance of power within the confines of their Underworld do-
main. Under the guidance of their charismatic leader and his
trio of advisors, the members of the Flying Column wage a


continual battle to undermine the authority of the Hierarchy,
one that veers away from open defiance and concentrates in-
stead on more subversive tactics. Emissaries to the Dublin Hi-
erarchy from other cities find themselves diverted to other
destinations, caravans of Thralls intended for Hierarchy cita-
dels fall prey to hijackers, and routine Hierarchy activities are
frequently disrupted by sabotage.

Despite their noble purpose, the Flying Column also has a
baser side. Acting on petty impulses, the Renegade leader keeps
a liberated Thrall who happens to be British and takes a per-
verse pleasure in taunting the luckless wretch, whom he has
imprisoned in the little-used basement area of the GPO.

The group is also cursed by the bane of Ireland's revolu-
tionary history: the presence of a traitor within thi
council. Renegades are not always able to carefully sc
followers and too often embrace those who would betray them.
The Flying Column may collapse from within long before they
are attacked by the Hierarchy forces.

Rory Flynn

Descended from one of the participants in the Easter Rising,

advisory

een their

Rory grew up in a family atmosphere steeped in Irish patriot lore.
As a student at Trinity College in the 1970s, he was active in
various movements sympathetic to the cause of union with North-
ern Ireland and the expulsion of British troops from Ulster. Re-
cruited both because of his revolutionary zeal and because he was
affluent enough to own his own car, Rory became involved in
running guns, plastique and other supplies across the border be-

as
: Rory Flynn

=

ticularly bloody bombing campaign, Rory's career as an Irish free-
dom fighter ended when British patrols picked up his car as it
crossed the border into Ulster. Despite the pervasive Irish mists
that hampered his visibility, Rory succeeded in escaping capture
but fell instead into the arms of Death as his car plunged off a
slippery bridge and into the River Bann.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Gallant

Circle: The Flying Column

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3, Expression 3
Skills: Drive 4, Firearms 2, Leadership 4, Melee 2
Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics (Irish Gaelic) 1, History (Irish) 3,
Politics 2

Backgrounds: Haunt 3, Notoriety 2, Renegade Status 3
Passions: Desire for freedom from tyranny (Desire) 3, Defy
symbols of authority, British authority in particular (Hatred) 3,
Regret for parents who lost their future when their only son
died (Pity) 2

Arcanos: Argos 2, Outrage 3, Puppetry 2

Fetters: A postcard depicting the final stand at the GPO, 3;
Keys to automobile used for gunrunning, 2; Death site near
the border between County Armagh in Ulster and the Irish
Republic, 2

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Director

Angst: 6

Thorns: Tainted relic (a fragmentation grenade, formerly des
tined for Northern Ireland), Shadow Trait (Intimidation + 1),

though his overall appearance is only marginally good lookin;
there is an intangible and infectious zeal in his attitude which|
makes him memorable to those who remain in his presence for!

dons a black beret or a pair of leather driving gloves.
Roleplaying Hints: Your grasp of Ireland's history has some
how brought you to this hallowed ground where the Irish Re-
public had its birth in the 20th century. Here in the world of,
the Dead, another group of oppressors occupies Dublin, and


liberation. Your mortal life was merely a rehearsal for this. Your
comrades look to you for leadership and inspiration, so you try
your best to provide it for them. Quote Irish patriot songs and
cite examples of heroism in the face of insurmountable odds
(Irish history is full of appropriate incidents). Never let even

§ emulate the gallantry and ardor of the martyrs of the Rising
Q and the other older patriots who lived and died for Ireland
it with a song on their lips and the fire of liberation aflame in

their hearts. If anyone challenges your right to maintain a Thrall
in an outpost of freedom, rail at them about "just desserts."

Maeread Shaughnessy

An aspiring musician born to a poor Catholic family in
Belfast, Northern Ireland, Maeread continually battled not only

religious prejudice but sexual inequality as well. Her outspo-

ken political and social opinions drew the attention of many
who admired her modern protest music as well as a group of
street toughs who decided to teach the upstart "girlie" a lesson
in a dark alley outside one of Belfast's many pubs. The funeral
that followed her brutal rape and murder sparked a minor riot
between Protestants and Catholics and earned her the tragic
aura of martyrdom.

Ip Nature: Martyr
fk} Demeanor: Confidante
WS Circle: The Flying Column

\

J) Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Expres:
BAMA sion (music) 2,
; WW Skills: Meditation 2, Melee 1

Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2 (Irish Gaelic, French),

I: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4

: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

UMW Passions: Bring down the system that perpetrates injustice
Y ",; against women and minorities (Anger) 2, Become'an example
' BAAN for others to follow (Pride) 2, Prove that she didn't deserve
| LAs hac happened to her (Guile)

4h) Arcanos: A

; rgos 1, Embody 4, Keening 3
AG Ip Fetters: Rosary (a gift from the parish priest), 1; book of Irish
NY patriot ballads, 3; commemorative stamp picturing the Easter

Angst: 7
Thorns: Dark Allies (the Spectres of other martyrs speak to
her), Tainted Touch

% Mocrend Shaughnessy

— —!

Shadow Passions: Become a martyr for the Flying Column
(Despair) 3, Kill any who would betray the Flying Column to
the Hierarchy (Terror) 4

Image: In her late teens, Maeread is strikingly lovely, with long
black hair, alabaster skin and piercing blue eyes. She wears a
black leotard and a filmy black overskirt (her performing
clothes) and sometimes wears a dark purple lace shawl over
her shoulders. In her "Goth" form of Embodiment, she has
learned to appear as "Cathleen ni Houlihan," the legendary
spirit of Ireland, a flaming- haired beauty that has inspired cen-
turies of Irish poets, heroes and martyrs.

Roleplaying Hints: You believe in the goals of the Flying Col-
umn and in its leader, who seems to be free of the typical Irish
"machismo" that too often prevails in male-dominated revo-
lutionary movements. You died once for your convictions, and
the experience has taught you the inherent worth of a martyr's
death. Whether or not you and your compatriots can achieve
your goal is less important than the example you set for others
who will hear of The Flying Column's gallant efforts. You are
the heart and soul of your Circle, often finding yourself cast in
the role of "mother confessor." You don't mind this, since it
not only gives you a powerful voice in group affairs, but it also
allows you to temper the sometimes rash impulses of your com-
panions. Encourage others to confide in you. Remind the
"boyos" of the Column that women belong in the front lines
as much as men.


Alan Travers

A native of Boston, Travers studied journalism at Columbia in
New York and subsequently embarked on a career as a freelance re-
porter. Early on, he discovered that it was just as easy to "make" news-
worthy events as to simply observe and report on them, so he began a
policy of inciting trouble in the cities he visited. When a scandal was
exposed due to his tinkering, or an influential person brought down
through judicious planting of incriminating (sometimes falsified) evi-
dence, Travers was right there to cover the news. In 1966, he was in
Dublin, intending to cover the 50th anniversary activities of the Ris-
ing. The blast that leveled Nelson's pillar was no surprise to him, but
the faulty valve in his heart was, and he suffered a coronary on the
steps of the GPO. As a wraith, he first fell into the hands of the Hier-
archy, who soon realized his potential usefulness to them. He "escaped"
their clutches in 1983 and fled for sanctuary to the GPO and into the
welcoming arms of the Flying Column.

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Fanatic

Circle: The Flying Column

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Repair 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Jour-

Backgrounds: Artifact 2 (working camera, requires relic film),
Contact 1 (Hierarchy), Haunt 3

Passions: Knowledge is power— get as much of it as possible
(Greed) 3, Feel sorry for anyone not in the know (Pity) 1, Get
back at everyone who underestimates him (Revenge) 2

Arcanos: Argos 3, Moiliate 5
Fetters: Press pass, 4; Keys to the Gresham Hotel in Dublin, 1;
Death site (the GPO), 2

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

Shadow: Rationalist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Shadow Familiar (appropriately, a rat)
Shadow Passi
Undermine the position of anyone more handsome or well-

ns: Bed as many women as possible (Lust) 2,

liked (Envy) 3, Keep his real purpose from being discovered at
any cost (Fear) 1

Image: Undistinguished, somewhat disheveled in appearance,
Alan wears rumpled khaki trousers, a black turtleneck and a
photographer's vest. In his mid-30s, he has dark brown hair
worn in a conservative cut. Green-tinted contact lenses give
his watery brown eyes a hazel cast. His medium build belies his
rather frail (even in death) constitution, and he still favors his
left side when involved in strenuous activities. Though it is
not always obvious, he is never without his camera.
Roleplaying Hints: Act as though you are the quintessential rebel
after all, you've covered enough "hot spots" to get the patter down as
if you believed it. Your Hierarchy bosses have given you considerable
leeway in order to protect your cover, but you are still nervous when-

ever you have to attempt to make contact with them. You've seen
what they can do, and you have no desire to make them recall you.

clear as you dare) to your Hierarchy superiors that you want Maeread
as your payment for doing the best dirty work you can. You have worked

they finally make the wrong move. If you think you're about to
exposed, blow the whistle on someone else. Become everybody's

in favors when you need them.

Duffy "Whitehorse" Coogan

get more education than he could afford, become a roc!

soccer pro or hook up with the city's criminal underground.
few years he worked as a runner for drugs, but couldn't avoid the
temptation of sampling his wares. By the time he was 19, he
running drugs for free just to afford his habit. Duffy's primary con-
tact, a runty little pusher and pimp called Squint, started to play

Chapter Seven: Uprising in Dublin 109

Y games with him, plumbing the depths of Duffy's desperation. When
Duffy found himself on the verge of delivering his 13 year-old
fy sister Finola into Squint's "stable," something in him finally
snapped. When his memory cleared, he was crouched in the cor-
ner of a bathroom stall in the GPO with blood on his clothes,

fj i Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

HA Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

AIA} Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Ha Streetwise 3

Id Skills: Firearms 2, Melee (knife) 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: City Knowledge (Necropolis Dublin) 2, Law 1,

Medicine 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Haunt 3, Memoriam 3

Passions: Keep in touch with his family, especially Finola

(Love) 2, Make life miserable for the city's drug dealers (Re-

A venge) 3, Become indispensable to the Renegade movement
ff in Dublin (Pride) 2

i Fetters: Crucifix necklace, 1; Death site (the public men's
room of the GPO), 2; Syringe, 3; Family photograph, 2
Willpower: 6

Pathos: 8

Shadow: Freak

Buffy Coogan

Thorns: Tainted Relic (the knife that killed Squint), Death's
Sigil (blood stains)

Shadow Passions: Destroy those of wealth and privilege he
never had (Hate) 3, Wallow in self-pity (Despair) 3, Blame
others, including family, for your wasted life (Contempt) 2

Image: A tall, pockmarked young man in his late teens, Duffy has
white-blond shagged hair and muddy-colored eyes. He dresses in
a dirty black t-shirt and denim jacket. His jeans are torn, and the
laces of his running shoes are on the verge of breaking. His body
shows no signs of his once-heavy drug usage, but his face is drawn
and now and then his hands tremble uncontrollably. He wears a
silver cross on a chain around his neck.

Roleplaying Hints: You were a street punk in life, and that hasn't
changed in death. You owe the Flying Column a big one for res-
cuing you from bounty hunters when you first "crossed over," or
whatever it's called, but you're never going to let them rule you.
Make a show of being tough. Question orders frequently, but go
along with them in the end. Hide your true feelings, and suspect
anyone who tries to get too friendly with you. Don't make the
same mistakes in death that you made in life. Protect yourself.

Corporal Gregory Foster

Bom toa London working-class family, Foster intended to make
the military his career, a decision he made after dead-ending ina series
of other jobs. He was engaged to his childhood sweetheart, and they
planned a wedding and honeymoon in Dublin. Struck by a car on his
way to meet Edith for a pre-nuptial party, he died en route to the
hospital. He had just begun to make his way around the Shadowlands
when he was snatched by a bounty hunter and sold toa Dublin Cen-
turion asa Thrall. A daring raid on the Centurion's Haunt by a group
of Renegades resulted only in a change in masters. Now the basement
of the GPO is his home, where Rory Flynn uses him as a "collection
pool" to keep the Haunt' energy level constant.

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 1
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 2,
Repair 1, Stealth 1

Knowledeges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 1, Law 2, Medi-
cine 1, Tactics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 4 (army unit)
Passions: Comfort Edith (Love) 3, Serve his country (Pride) 2,
Make those who abuse their authority suffer (Revenge) 2, Don't
give up hope (Faith) 1

Arcanos: Castigate 2, Embody 1, Lifeweb 2

Fetters: Corporal's insignia, 2; Letter from fianceé Edith, 3;
Plane ticket to Dublin, 1; Good luck piece (a four-leaf clover
encased in plastic and mounted on a key ring), 1


ay

~N

Zertry |

QZ as

_*

Corporal Gregory Foster

VV NON = se
| Hares

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 9

Shadow: Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Make Edith miserable for being alive (Guilt) 2,
Undermine all authority (Hate) 2

Image: In his early 30s, Foster looks like a soldier on leave.
His dark brown hair is cut short to military specifications. His
eyes are dark brown with heavy lashes, enhancing an other-

wise ordinary appearance. He wears the military dress uniform

of a corporal in the British army.
Roleplaying Hints:
take from the bloke who runs this Haunt. You had hostage training in

zy to keep your hopes up, despite the abuse you

the army, so you know you can survive if you keep your wits about you.
Losing control to your Shadow is inevitable, and berating yourself for
itsactions is useless. Keep trying to convince your captors to let you go.
Try to contact somebody — anybody — who can help you.

Story ideas

The number of wraiths who belong to the Flying Column
has been left deliberately vague so that wraith characters may
choose to start out as members of the group. If this is the case,
the following story ideas (which assume the player characters
are outsiders) may be adjusted accordingly.

Hierarchy controlled territory, the Circle is relatively isolated from 6
other Renegade factions in the area. Nevertheless, they manage

to keep tentative lines of communication open between them-
selves and others who oppose the Hierarchy, whether Renegades
or Heretics. The player characters may be called upon by one of,

these groups to act as a liaison with the Circle. This will involve
traveling into the heart of Hierarchy territory — perhaps from
some distance — and establishing friendly contact with the Circle.

¢ The awful truth has come home to Rory Flynn that his
group harbors a spy for the Hierarchy. Since the player characters
are relatively new arrivals to the area, they are the least likely

down their quarry.
© Concurrent with the characters' arrival in Necropol

the guise of joining them. The player charact«
to bolster the ranks of the Flying Column, or they may simply be
"passing through." In either case, the burden will be on them to
prove their innocence. (Alternatively, the player characters may
actually BE members of the Hierarchy and may find themselves
walking into a trap.) Who set them up? Who blew their cover? If

Hierarchy or one of the local Heretic cults?

© The player characters are on the run from Hierarchy Le:
gions, bounty hunters or a sudden Maelstrom. They arrive pre
cipitously in Necropolis Dublin and seek shelter in the nearest

eve of the long-awaited confrontation between the Flying Col.
umn and the Hierarchy troops. Will they join the Renegad

The Column's leaders have agreed to allow the defector safe pas
sage from the Haunt provided she takes up residence in another

have some sort of reputation as reliable neutrals. The characte:
and their charge may run the risk of being stopped by the Hierar-
chy as they attempt to leave.

The Hierarchy has stepped up their siege of the GPO, cutting
off normal lines of communication with other groups. The wraith
characters are asked to run the Hierarchy blockade to deliver a valu-
able artifact or relic to assist the Renegades in holding out.

11


he Khatyn Mir:
yn, Byelorussia

By Harry Hecke

Haunt Level: 5
Memoriam Level:

Good people, remember: we loved life and our Motherland,
and you, dear people. We burned alive in flames. Our appeal is for
everyone: let grief and sorrow turn into your bravery and strength,
so that you might secure peace and quiet forever on the earth. So
that from now on, life might never and nowhere become extinct in
the vortex of fire!

—a translation of the address from the dead to the living
on Memory Crown, Khatyn

uring World War Il, at least 2,230,000 Nazis razed at least 209 towns and 9,200 villages. The people
j| people living in Byelorussia (almost aquar- who lived in Byelorussia — all those who believed in the So-Q

ter of the then-Soviet republic's popula- viet state, all those who hoped that Hitler would save them 4
tion) died. No one knows the true death — from the terrors of Stalin's reign, and all those who didn't care §
toll, and even today mass graves and de- about politics and just wanted to carry on with their lives in

stroyed villages are still discovered. The peace — were equally slaughtered.

Chapter Eight: Khatyn Mir


Some thoughts.

Take a moment away from reading this book
and think about Khatyn. Close your eyes and
imagine you are there. Soldiers herd you into a
barn, along with 150 other people, half of them
crying and screaming children. You feel the per-
son next to you breathing, and you smell the sweat
of the person behind you. Suddenly, you hear a
command barked out in German. You drop to the
ground, instinctively throwing your body over that
of your son. Bullets tear through the barn walls,
and then through your neighbor.
and blood flies.

People scream

Then, a light suddenly shines through the
cracks in the bullet-ridden wooden walls, as in-
at sucks the oxygen out of the already hot
air. You desperately clutch your son to your chest.
The few people left alive start panicking. More
gunfire. Your son is crying, burying his face against
you. Dry rafters collapse, falling down on you and
your comrades. You choke, your mouth dry and
your eyes stinging. Every breath is agony. Then
your neighbor's clothing catches fire from a fall-
ing spark
and gunfire; you can't see through the smoke; and
all you can smell is the odor of cooking flesh.

tense hi

‘ou can't hear over all the screams, cries,

You slam your body against the side of the barn
as. the inferno intensifies. Flaming bodies flail

Khatyn was one of the many Soviet villages destroyed by
German soldiers, but unlike the others, Khe
Q vor, Josef Kaminsky, who lived to tell its tale. The German
troops assembled the villagers into a barn in the center of town,

yn had a survi-

locked them inside, sprayed the barn with bullets, and then
set the entire structure aflame. Josef Kaminsky managed, some-
how, to escape that raging inferno, carrying his son, Adas, still
alive, in his arms. Nothing but ash was left of his village, and
all Josef could do was hold his son and watch young Adas die
from the burns covering his body.

In 1969, the government of the republic of Byelorussia
and the government of the Soviet Union dedicated a memo-
tial to the citizens of Khatyn. Not only are the ashes of the
people of Khatyn buried here, but Khatyn contains the world's
only cemetery of villages. Those who could find them gath-
ered sand and cinders from the remains of 186 other villages
and placed them in urns. The remains of thousands rest at the
memorial.

against you. Your son cries out in anguish as his
clothes ignite. Your muscles automatically contract
as the fire sears your flesh. You feel the flames at
your back. You're on your knees now, gasping for
air. You don't remember when you stopped stand-
ing. You're going to die. Then the barn completely
collapses. Timbers and boards rain down on you

You desperately search for a way out. Clutch-
ing the bundle of your son, you crawl toward the
outside. Barely able to breathe, you know that un-
less you keep going, both you and your son will
die. You pray that you're moving in the right di
rection.

»mehow you stumble out into clean air. You
drop to your knees and try to cry as you beat out
the fire on your boy's body. He coughs and his
bloodshot eyes gaze up at you. He mouths some
thing. Then, before your eyes, he dies. You are alone
with your pain. No one else is there to help you.
Nothing remains of your village: no trees, no lilac
bushes, no houses, no voices of your friends and
neighbors. The only sound is the popping of hu-
man marrow and wood as the flames rage skyward
behind you.

That isn't horror from the Gothic-Punk World
of Darkness; that's real-world horror. It happened.
Soldiers still practice genocide in conflicts all ov
our world today. Just spend a minute and think about
it.

The wraiths of Khatyn live in the ghost village, their Mir,
a word that means town, community, world, and peace. All
wraiths are welcome, regardless of political affiliation. The
around 50,
but due to the large number of transient wraiths that pass

permanent wraith population at the Mir number:

through the village from time to time, there may be 100 or
more wraiths present at Khatyn. All of them have sworn to
ensure that no one suffers again as the people of the Soviet
Union did during World War II.

The memorial receives an incredibly large amount of Pa-
thos each day. Visitors come to remember fallen loved ones.
The people still mourn their dead relatives, and they grieve
for the innocents who died in the name of the Soviet Union.


a fis yy aI = DOSE
scien oftive ineeretinn cn the
back of a Khatyn Memorial coin

The first sight of visitors to the Khatyn
Memorial in the world of the Quick is a large bronze statue of
Josef Kaminsky. Kaminsky mournfully stands on a slab of black
marble, holding the body of his dead son in his arms. The
statue's blank stare is a cross between sorrow, rage, and utter

Flowers perpetually cover the black marble slab

beneath it.

Beyond this statue lies the village of Khatyn. Gray con-
crete sidewalks lead along the former village paths. The foun-
dations of the 26 houses that made up the village have been

rebuilt in gray concrete. Above each foundation, a bell tower

. Each bell tower has a bronze plaque on it inscribed with

the huge monument.
Beyond the barn, a path |

the fourth corner, where a tree should stand, is a large eterna
flame. The flame represents the one in four people ir
Byelorussia who died during World War II. The trees repre:
sent the surviving population. Visitors constantly leave flow,
ers near the flame.

along the wall, straining to read the fading inscriptions and
carvings

Along another path is the Cemetery of Villages, the only
HY one of its kind in the world. A large sculpture inscribed with
W the number 186 looms in front of the cemetery, designating
§ the number of villages destroyed and not rebuilt. Each village
f) has its own memorial. A black marble box stands in a square

f) next to a black marble carving of the village name. From the

B path, a person can look down upon rows of boxes inscribed

‘
: } with the names of villages such as Lubcha, Zakrinichye, Murogi,
i) Rallya, Korenevo, Ustye, and Veselovo. Each of the boxes holds
AA a clear urn with dirt or ashes from the village. All of the former
IM) inhabitants of these villages were burned alive, just as those of
Khatyn (e:

On a hill above the rest of Khatyn is the white marble
Memory Crown, which stands over the mortal remains of the

cept Josef Kaminsky) were.

peasants of Khatyn. The Memory Crown bears a message from
the dead to the living, which almost all of the visitors go to
read, Josef Kaminsky, who died in 1973, was buried near the
Memory Crown.
a ! Every day, thousands of the Quick visit the Khatyn Me-
morial. The only sounds at the site are the quiet footsteps of
1s
¥ The number of tears shed
Y is a testament to the pain suffered by the Soviet people during

cond World War.

itors, the gentle tolling of the bells, soft voices and sobbing.
this memorial, even 50 years later,

Haunts

116

The Village

In the Shadowlands, an actual village stands at Khatyn,
just as it did before March 22, 1943. The 26 houses are simple
peasant structures. They have furnished interiors, although
many Stygian items have replaced the simple peasant trinkets.
Dirt trails replace the concrete walkways of the living world.
Ghostly white birch trees and pines surround Khatyn. A low
fog constantly fills the village. Some wraiths complain about
the odor of smoke in the air.

Ironically, the Wall of Memory appears
ter maintained in the Shadowlands than it does in the
Skinlands. The names are easily legible, and Pathos from the
visitors accumulates all along it. The wraith residents of Khatyn
often walk along the Wall at night. A few spirits have the wall
as a Fetter.

tronger and bet-

The expression on the statue of Josef Kaminsky is more
distraught and lifelike in the Shadowlands. Some verdigris and
a few cracks cover the bronze. Because of the emotions that
well up in the visitors who see the statue, powerful Pathos builds
up around it — so much that a wraith who approaches can feel
it almost instantly. Pain, anguish, anger and love all well up
continually around the statue.

Le
|


minates the landscape of Khatyn
in the Shadowlands. Inside the structure, a Nihil extends from
one end of the barn to the other. This is one of the largest
gateways to the Tempest known in the Shadowlands. Wraith
guardians, often dressed in military uniforms, stand vigilantly
around the edges of the barn, ready to fight if something
emerges from the Tempest to endanger the Mir. Most of them
are members of the Circles called the Crimson Hands or Fallen
Soldiers. The rest of the wraiths of the Mir try to avoid the
barn.

On the mourning slab, the three white birch trees appear
a bit withered and decayed. Their branches droop, giving them
a mournful appearance.

The Cemetery of Villages almost glows with Pathos, but
the wraiths of Khatyn do not tap it; indeed, most avoid the
Cemetery of Villages, fearful of the numbers of souls that the
Cemetery represents and wary of causing or gaining additional
Angst. Most wraiths of the Mir consider the Cemetery taboo
and refuse to enter. Stories abound in Khatyn about foolish
wraiths who entered the Cemetery of Villages, only to go mad

or never return at all.

The white marble Memory Grown is riddled with cracks,
and some parts of it have crumbled in the Shadowlands. The
members of the Mir rarely travel up to the hill. Sometimes,
the Circle called the Voices holds meetings up at Memory
Crown, which always begin with a reading of the inscription.
These meetings are private, solemn affairs. Adas Kaminsky,
one of the members of the Circle, usually does the reading.

History of the Haunt

n March 22, 1943, a detachment of Nazi
soldiers led by Colonel Oscar Dirlewagner
came to Khatyn. They herded the 150
Khatyn residents, including 75 children,
into the large barn at the center of the vil-
lage. They burned down the houses and

JA filled the wells. Then they riddled the barn

ind set it afire. Josef Kamins!

managed to break
had destroyed

with bulle'
out of the barn and survive. Although the Nazis
his village, he kept the memory of Khatyn alive. In the follow-
ing years, he struggled to lay the groundwork for the Khatyn

Memorial.

The massacre of the peasants released enough energy to cre-
ate a Haunt. When the peasants died, many of them became
wraiths. The Pathos produced by the dying populace was immense.
While Josef Kaminsky worked to keep Khatyn alive in the
Skinlands, his son Adas did everything he could to keep Khatyn
alive in the Shadowlands. He searched the Shadowlands and gath-
ered other wraiths: former peasants, former soldiers, and even some
fallen Germans. Adas told them his story and the story of Khatyn.

He spoke of his father's courage and asked the other wraiths to
return with him and help him rebuild the village. Many of them,
touched by his story, followed Adas back to Khatyn. The most
important among them were Volodya, a veteran of the fighting in
Stalingrad; and Sasha, a deceased black marketer from Leningrad.
Word quickly spread about Khatyn and the boy wraith who was
assembling a city of the dead.

As plans for the Khatyn Memorial were enacted in the
Skinlands, the wraith population slowly grew. Volodya, fearful
lest the Hierarchy seize Adas's village, called a meeting of the
wraiths at the Haunt. That night the residents of the Haunt
formed the Khatyn Mir, based on the traditional informal gov-
ernments of Slavic peasant villages. The Mir organized its de-
fenses and created a charter.

According to the charter of the Khatyn Mir, all wraiths
are welcome at Khatyn, so long as they don't harm another'
member of the Mir. If anyone attacks the Mir or a citizen of
the Mir, everyone else in the Mir will aid the one so attacked.
The Mir makes decisions by a calling a town meeting and gath-
ering at the eternal flame. A simple majority vote decides is
sues. Residents of the Mir may stay in one of the 26 houses of
Khatyn. Involvement with mortal visitors to the memorial is
forbidden, and all visitors are reminded that the Pathos pro-
duced at the Haunt belongs to all the wraiths of the Mir.

On July 5, 1969, the Khatyn Memorial was inaugurated and
opened to visitors. After word spread through the Shadowlands
of the incredible amount of Pathos to be harvested at Khatyn, the
wraith population of the Mir swelled. Many wandering ghosts
came, hoping to batten on the emotional banquet at Khatyn. Life
for the wraiths who founded Khatyn grew strained at times. Town
meetings became more and more political. Spectres attacked from
the barn and had to be repelled. Many merchants from Stygia and,
elsewhere started to visit and use the Haunt
place. The Pathos provided by the Haunt s
lents of the Mir grew wealthy in the Shadowlands. Sa:
started overseeing the economic development of the villa;

the r

to Khatyn and tried to join the Mir to share in its wealth.
These incidents became a nightmare to the longtime residents!
of Khatyn. Finally, the inhabitants of the Mir ruled that they
would accept no new members unless the prospective residents'
were willing to remain at the Mir for 75 days, one day for each'
of the children killed at Khatyn.

Today, Khatyn has become more important than ever to the
wraiths in the Shadowlands of the former Soviet Union. With
the rise of the ancient undead witch Baba Yaga of Russian folk-
lore (see Rage Across Russia), many Nihils are rumored to have
opened in the Shadowlands. A few wraiths with the Fatalism
Arcanos predicted that the Shroud between Stygia and the!

Khatyn Mir

Shadowlands would close when Baba Yaga reappeared, though

this has not yet happened. Still, the Hierarchy has become more
active in the area, attempting to secure its rule over these
Shadowlands. Some Hierarchs fear the power of Baba Yaga, while

others simply want to take advantage of her appearance to gain
Y more influence. Members of the Hierarchy have strongly suggested
that the residents of the Khatyn Mir declare their loyalty to Stygia.
Instead, many of the residents of the Mir believe that they must
act to prevent the Hierarchy from enslaving the wraiths of
Byelorussia and the other Slavic states. Some members of the Mir
believe that Khatyn should serve as the capital of a nation of
wraiths in the Shadowlands. Debates rage nightly at the Haunt,
in the light of the eternal flame.

Outside Relations

The members of the Khatyn Mir tolerate most supernatu-
ral creatures. Vampires, however, are notable exceptions. The
Fallen Soldiers and the Crimson Hands believe that vampires
are evil creatures who will destroy the land. Accordingly, they
go out of their way to destroy them. If a vampire meets one of
EH) the Sisters of Hope or a member of the Voices, such as Adas,
she may find sympathy for her tragic existence. A vampire who
enjoys her unlife will soon lose it if she ventures into the Mir.

Haunts

Werewolves are known to the wraiths of Khatyn, but they
are not liked. Too many of the dead were raised with supersti-
tions and bedtime stories about shapechangers. If one of these
beasts ventures into the Haunt, the wraiths will attempt to
scare it away. A sept of Silver Fangs has noticed the amount of
spiritual energy surrounding the Khatyn Memorial, so some
sort of conflict may be inevitable.

Mages are not trusted at the Khatyn Mir; several have
attempted to steal the Pathos of the Haunt. One, a Nephandus,
even attempted to open the black marble barn. Many wraiths
hate and resent mages, feeling that these sorcerers should have
used their abilities to stop the slaughter of the Great Patriotic
War (World War II). A special hatred is reserved for
Technomancers. Most of the wraiths lived through the Stalin
era, where they watched Stalin's disregard for safe working
conditions and pollution destroy the lives of people and con-
taminate the land.

The true concern of the Mir is Baba Yaga. Even the wraiths
of Khatyn have heard her name on the wind. They know what
types of horrors she has awakened. The residents of Khatyn
have resolved to fight her, to do whatever they can to prevent
more suffering. However, they are paralyzed with indecision.
Some suggest allying with werewolves or even vampires to
struggle against this fiend. A few suggest taking direct action


themselves, but neither the Fallen Soldiers nor the Crimson
Hands believes its members have the abilities to stop her (for
more information on Baba Yaga, see Rage Across Russia).
However, the wraiths desperately want to find a solution to
this menace. A few are looking for a savior.

Heretics are distrusted at Khatyn, but a small Heretical
faction has emerged at Khatyn. Despite its efforts to remain
secretive, more than a few wraiths know of its existence. This
group worships the village itself. They believe that it is the
center of the Shadowlands, and thus the universe. A few of
their number claim that the secrets of salvation lie hidden in
destroyed it. Other
Heretics are tolerated if they are friendly and do not violate

the village itself, which is why the N

any of the rules of the Mir.

Renegades love the Mir, and the residents of the Mir re-
spect many of them. A few Circles of Renegades have a ten-
dency to abuse the sanctuary of Khatyn, using it as a base to
strike against the Hierarchy, but residents strongly discourage
these actions. Many different groups of Renegades use Khatyn
site for trading and exchanging information, including

a
secret knowledge of Arcanos. If Khatyn were ever seriously
threatened, large numbers of Renegades would come from
across the Shadowlands to its defense.

The Hierarchy and the Mir have a difficult relationship.
Khatyn accepts members of the Hierarchy as long as they obey:
Khatyn's rules. Many hardened Hierarchs who come to the Mir'
have a difficult time accepting the open atmosphere of the Mir.
The Mir recognizes that the Hierarchy would love to control the
Haunt, and its residents remain ever vigilant against attacks.

Circles

We're part ofa fire that is burning,

And from the ashes we can build another day.

But I'm frightened for your children,

That the life that we are living is in vain,

And the sunshine we've been waiting for will turn to rain.

—The Moody Blues, "The Story in Your Eyes"

All of the wraiths at the Haunt, regardless of Circle, belong to
the Khatyn Mit. All have some desire to see human suffering end, and
all of them try to obey the charter of the Mir. The members of the
Haunt are more understanding about problems with one's Shadow
than most. Many powerful Circles use Khatyn
of these are active throughout the former Soviet Union. All the re:

This is automatic and is not listed in the individual descriptions.

Chapter Eight: Khatyn Mir

§ Adas Kaminsky

‘Adas Kaminsky is the son of Josef Kaminsky. He traveled
the countryside and gathered together the citizens of the
Khatyn Mir. Although he appears as a small child, his inno-
cent appeals touch the hearts of many. He has access to the
most Pathos at the Mir, and many former Soviet citizens know

his name. Almost all Byelorussians do.
After initially organizing the Mir, Adas's influence over it

4, waned. Most of the wraiths look at him as a small boy, and he
wants to take a more tangible role in leading the group. Adas
is one of the leaders of the Voices, a circle that tries to make
peace by vocalizing the pain of suffering.
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Child
Ah Circle: The Voices

I Physic
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Empathy 5,
Expression 3, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Crafts 1, Leadership 2, Meditation 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Occult 2, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Eidolon 3, Memoriam 5, Status 5,
Wealth 2

Passions: Grieve for the village as it used to be (Sorrow) 5,
Prevent suffering (Hope) 4, Be as brave as his father (Love) 4

e120

Arcanos: Castigate 3, Phantasm 3
Fetters: The bronze statue, 3; Memory Crown, 3; The
Kaminsky bell tower, 4

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 10

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Death's Sigil (the smell of ash), Bad Luck

Shadow Passions: Destroy self (Pain) 3, Lead Mir (Frustration) 2
Image: A young, dark-haired boy with sad brown eyes. He
dresses in out-of-date peasant clothes.

Roleplaying Hints: You feel incredible guilt and pain about
your death. You know how much it hurt your father when you
died. You wanted to live. Your father was your hero, and you've
inherited some of his courage. Despite your experience, you
are an idealist. You believe that people are good, and you be-
lieve that if everyone works together for peace, then the world
will be a better place. Although you still play the role of a
child, your father's death changed you. You now feel more like
an adult, and someday you'll find a Master of Moliate to age
you. You hate it when others call you "boy" or speak down to
you. Your Shadow constantly points out all of these failings.

Volodya

Volodya led barefoot men on forced marches through bliz-
zards, and he fought battles holding an unloaded gun. He suffered
through days of starvation while the Germans pinned his unit.
Somewhere along the way back to Berlin, he was shot in the stom-
ach. It took Volodya more than 12 hours to die. Vaguely, he re-
calls walking through the Shadowlands back to Byelorussia to
search for his village. When he arrived, all that was left of Murogi
was a burnt clearing in the forest. He mourned for days.

He encountered Adas Kaminsky in his travels. Touched
by the boy's story, Volodya returned with him to the Khatyn
Mir. Other Red Army veterans who had gathered there elected
him as leader. Now, he commands the Fallen Soldiers, a Circle
of veterans who died to protect the Motherland. He sees the
protection of the Mir as his first duty.

He also knows a secret about the Haunt. A few years ago,
a group of Hierarchy soldiers tried to attack Khatyn. A strange
wall of light appeared among the ghostly birch trees surround-
ing the Shadowland village and held them off. Volodya be-
lieves that there is something more to the Haunt than he un-
derstands. He wonders what so much intense Pathos does to a
place, and why the Nihil inside the barn is so large.

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: The Fallen Soldiers

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5


ES "eee

Talent
Empathy
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 5, Leadership 5, Meditation 2, Melee 3,
Repair 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Law 2, Lingui
Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Status 5, Wealth 2

Passions: Protect the Mir (Love) 4, Honor the dead (sorrow) 5
Arcanos: Embody 3, Moliate 3, Outrage 4, Usury 2

Fetters: Ashes of Murogi (his home village) 4

Willpower: 10

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 5

Thorns: Tainted Relic (rifle with bayonet) 3, Trick of the Light
Shadow Passions: Kill all enemies of the Mir (Hate) 4
Image: Volodya is a tall, intense man who carries himself with
an air of command. He wears his Red Army uniform, and he
looks like an archetypal Soviet officer. He has dark eyes,
cropped brown hair, and a thick mustache and beard that off-
set his pale complexion.

Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
2, Expression 1, Intimidation 4

ics 1,

Roleplaying Hints: After years of war, you've become fairly easy-
going. You prefer Volodya to your real name, Vladimir, and you
gave up going by anything else a long time ago. You enjoy the
sense of community at the Khatyn Mir and don't look kindly upon
anyone who tries to break it. As leader of the Mir's defenders, you
usually assume authority when conflicts arise.

Sasha Gregoriev

Sasha died trying to sneak food past enemy lines into

Leningrad during the height of the siege there. He was shot

near the famous Hermitage Museum. He has vivid memories
of the cannibalism and starvation during the siege, and feels

that, although the people of Khatyn were massacred, it was

better than a slow death by starvation in Leningrad.

He leads a number of Khatyn "merchants," all of whom were
members of the black market. To Sasha, the black market serves
the people and gets them what the state cannot, hence his name
for the Circle, "The Providers." He firmly believes that many would
have died in the former Soviet Union without the black mark
‘a looks after the economic health of Khatyn and hopes to'
accumulate a great deal of wealth in the Underworld. He believes
that with the tremendous Pathos of the Mir at his disposal, he can
buy some of the dreams that other Cire

e with
of the
a merchant, he's

$ try to actua

nown membe
Mir in the Shadowlands. Despite his status
eared the trust of both Hierarchs and Reneg: Recently, he's
had to do more than his share of work as a go-between.

thetoric alone. He is one of the most well

Sasha's also concerned about the current politics of the
Skinlands.
to large-:

He fears the breakup of the Soviet Union may lead

ale disasters. He also knows about the rise of Baba

Yaga. Despite his cynicism, he grown increasingly afraid of

the ancient legend and her supernatural grip over Russia.

Sasha has one major character flaw, which he readily admits t
he is particularly susceptible to the charms of beautiful women. He'
wants to fall in love, something he never had a chance to do in life.

Sasha Gregories

121


Y Nature: Caregiver

f} Demeanor: Conniver

A Circle: The Providers

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3

Y Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

f Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empa-
fi thy 4, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5
Crafts 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Leadership 4,
AK Melee 1, Performance 2, Repair 3, Stealth 5

/ Y Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Enigmas 1, Investigation 3, Law 2,
\ Linguistics 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Politics 3

fi i Backgrounds: A\llies 5, Status (Hierarchy) 1, Status (Mir) 4, Status
INA (Renegade) 3, Wealth 5

K'

ions (Greed) 4, Provide for the needy

a (Hope) 5, $ e (Love) 3

"4 Arcanos: Argos 4, Pandemonium 2, Usury 2

Sen Fetters: German pocket watch in St. Petersburg, 3; the Her-
A mitage, |

MA Willpower: 6

t Thorns: Spectre Prestige 4, Dark Allies 2, Pact of Doom
{} Shadow Passions: Make enemies of the Mir suffer as their vic-
} tims do (Sorrow) 3, Possess women (Lust) 3

Mirage VAL good! lboking bloncehaired © blucceyedl mianiin hie
A carly 20s. He wears Western-style blue jeans, a London Hard
Ll Rock cz afe T-shirt, and an authentic British bomber docket

W rise of Baba Yaga, you've grown worried, especially since Khatyn
has seen two Maelstroms in the last few y You are careful to
avoid the barn, unless you're planning to enter the Tempest.

Krispin Ziegler

Krispin knows the truth about the atrocities committed dur-
ing World War II. He unmercifully slaughtered innocent civil-
Y ians in the name of his country. Now he has come to Khatyn in
earch of absolution from his guilt. He is not alone, and he and
the others who have joined him in this search for redemption call
themselves the Crimson Hands, signifying the blood they can
never remove. All the members of his circle committed atroci-
ties, either for the Nazis, for Stalin, or for later dictators. Most
members of the Circle are fanatics or martyrs, willing to suffer
Oblivion for their crimes. Whenever anything that might be a
suicide mission comes upvat the Mir, the Crimson Hands volun-
teer. They believe that protecting other wraiths, especially the vic-
} tims at the Mir, is the only way to pay for the blood they've spilled.

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Survivor

Circle: The Crimson Hands

Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

harisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Awareness 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 5, Leadership 4, Melee 4,
Repair 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Law 2, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Notoriety 2, Status 1

Suffer for your victims (Sorrow) 5

tigate 2, Embody 3, Outrage 4

Fetters: Personal Luger, 3

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Monster

Angst: 7

Thorns: Tainted Touch, Freudian Slip, Shadow Trait (Strength +1)
Shadow Passions: Hurt all who show you kindness (Self-Hate) 4

Image: A tall, blond, blue-eyed Aryan male dressed in the
clothes of a Russian peasant. His eyes smolder with a quiet
intensity and he smiles rarely. He spends a lot of time staring
at his hands and talking to himself.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and moody. You want a
chance to prove yourself to the wraiths of Khatyn. Sometimes
you wander through the memorial and read over the quotes
until you can't take the pain any longer. You wish you had
never obeyed orders. Hopefully, you will do some good before
you fall into the terrifying grasp of well-deserved Oblivion.

irisa Stepanova

Irisa Stepanova was born in Minsk, where her superlative
gymnastic talents were quickly noted by the Soviet sports ma-
chine. She was taken from her home and family and trained. She
made many friends, one of whom made plans to defect during the
World Championships in 1961. The KGB caught Irisa's friend as
she tried to defect, and decided that Irisa should be detained for a
few years as well, just as a precaution. Like many Soviet citizens
arrested by the KGB, she was sent to an asylum. Her athletic ca-
reer was over. At the asylum, a kind doctor from Byelorussia gave
her an opportunity to disappear from the records when Brezhnev
came to power. She took her chance. After her escape, she wan-
dered through the vast countryside, trying to get home to Minsk.
Many people helped her on the way. However, she got caught
alone in a blizzard. Within days, Irisa contracted pneumonia and
ers of Hope, a large Ci
of women who had lost loved ones or suffered some tragedy, in-

cle

died. Once she became a wraith, the Sis

vited her to join them. She dedicated herself to their cause of
spreading light and optimism throughout the Shadowlands. She
thinks of herself as an angel.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Caregiver

ee
A]

OTT (Naas

qT tba

A.

Circle: Sisters of Hope
Physical: Strength 2; Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 5, Awareness 1, Empathy 5, Expression 3

Stealth |

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguistics 4, Medicine 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Eidolon 2, Memoriam 1

Passions: Inspire confidence in others (Love) 2, Strongly believe
in God (Faith) 4, Sympathize with others' pain (Empathy) 3
Arcanos: Argos 3, Castigate 4, Usury 4

picture, |
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Parent
Angst: 2

Thorns:
Shadow Passions: Make others realize their faults (Anger) 4

Images This 1" brown-haired beauty appears remarkably fit, and 9
: x

Pact of Doom, Shadow Familiar (Siamese cat)

she always has a soft smile and a hug for anyone. Most members of
the Haunt consider Irisa one of the few bright spots in the
Shadowlands. She appears to be in her late teens or early 20s.

Roleplaying Hints: You smile when you can. So many here
suffer terribly. You try to help others overcome their Shadows
and enjoy their life after death. Khatyn inspires you. The ca-
maraderie at the Mir makes up for all the monsters in the world.
Yout job is to protect the souls of the others who suffer her
that's why He made you an angel. You'll have wings someday

if you can overcome your own Shadow.

ivan Kareley

Ivan helped found the Khatyn Memorial. He spent years
working to make sure that everything looked right, and per-
sonally oversaw all aspects of the construction. When the,
memorial opened, it was a proud day for him.

Ivan had a problem, though. He enjoyed his vodka a bit,
too much. One evening, after he had drunk more than his fill,
his car spun off the road, sending him into a clump of trees and
to his death. However, even after death, he felt tied to Khatyn.
Then he discovered its true nature in the Shadowlands.

He didn't know how to accept it. The beauty of the memo-

How could they? Didn't they realize how sacred Khatyn w:

Ivan formulated a plan and began organizing and recruit-
ing members for his cause. He leads a secret Circle of Heretics'
who worship within the Haunt. Soon, the time will come when
they will take over Khatyn and restore the village in the
Shadowlands to its former bleak majesty.


od oo
oan Karelev

Y Nature: Deviant

f)p Demeanor: Loner

\ Circle: The True Mir

Phys

(f Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

AY Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

q} Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Empathy 2, Expression 3, In-
timidation 3, Subterfuge 5

¥ Skills: Crafts 3, Leadership 2, Meditation 2, Melee 1, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 4, Politics 3

Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Passions: Worship the Khatyn Mir (Faith) 5, Protect the Mir
(Love) 3, Destroy threats to the Mir (Anger) 3
Arcanos: Argos 3, Lifeweb 4, Moliate 2, Usury 2
Fetters: The black marble barn, 3; Memory Wall, 2
Willpower: 7
4 Pathos: 7
Shadow: The Director
A Angst: 7
Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Pact of Doom
Shadow Passions: Control the Mir (Greed) 3

Image: Ivan is a tall, burly man in his late 30s, with a thick black
beard and mustache. He stands about 6°4" and has dark gray eyes.
He likes to stare at people. His clothes are 1960s Soviet suits.
Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet and do your best to remain un-
noticed. When you and your followers meet, you do so in the
4 Cemetery of Villages. You know of a few Nihils in the Cemetery

e124 Haunts

that the other wraiths of Khatyn haven't found. You intend to
recruit Spectres to aid you in your power play. You fear only one
wraith at the Haunt: Adas, the son of Josef Kaminsky. If you can
remove him, then you feel nothing can stop you.

Katarina Mikhailova

Katarina was her father's little girl. He worked for the Red
Army and died in a training accident. At his funeral, she swore
to carry on his work. She excelled in her classes and showed
promise in the Communist Party. Eventually, the KGB recruited
Katarina. She was trained as a "honey trap" for Western spies.
She would seduce them, then betray them. She was very good
at her job; then she met a man named Garrett, who was sup-
posedly a British diplomat. Her superiors weren't so sure, how-

ver, and she discovered that he was indeed a spy. Unfortu-

nately, she also fell in love with him. He was different from
the others, more honest somehow; at least, she thought so.
Unfortunately, he didn't share her feelings. Garrett completed
his mission, then framed her as a double agent. The KGB sent
her to Siberia to work unprotected in the radiation mines. Her
body fell apart in a few short years, and she died of cancer.
When she became a wraith, the Hierarchy captured her al-
most immediately. She found herself free of one espionage service
and in servitude to another. Now, she serves as Stygia's represen-
tative in Khatyn. The Mir residents know her identity and her
Katarina finds
comfort in her old duties, but a part of her longs to meet a true
Garrett. The Mir can be lonely and miserable sometimes.

purpose, but many of them still treat her kindly.

Nature: Critic

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Circle: The Shadow Watchers

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts 1, Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Leadership 1,
Melee 3, Performance 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Investi-
, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Status 3

gation 3, Law 3, Linguistics

s: Spying (Excitement) 4, Romantic dreams (Love) 3
: Argos 4, Keening 1, Lifeweb 3, Moliate 4, Outrage 2,

Usury 3

Fetters: KGB HQ, Moscow, 3; Father's grave in Minsk, 2; Ra-
diation Mine, Eastern Siberia, 2

Willpower: 7

Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Rationalist

Angst: 5

SY


4 Katarina Wikatlooa

SNEN 77

Thorns: Bad Luck, Dark Allies 2

Shadow Passions: Bring disloyalty to the attention of the Hi-
erarchy (Insecurity) 3

Image: Katarina stands about 5'8". She has long platinum-
blond hair that falls below her shoulder blades, and a pale com-
plexion. She walks with grace and confidence.

Roleplaying Hints: You are cold to most Mir residents, but not un-
friendly. You dislike the sense of community and friendship at the Mir;
it scares you. When the Hierarchy takes over, the Shadowlands will
be much improved, you think. You trust no one, sometimes not even
yourself. You consider anything that you can leam to be worthwhile
information and try diligently to pass it along.

Circle interaction

There isa great deal of interaction among the various Circles
of Khatyn. However, almost all of the Mir's wraiths consider their
loyalty to the Mir a close second to their loyalty to an individual
Circle, The only major Circle that doesn't interact with the oth-
ers is the True Mir. The True Mir remains unknown to most wraiths
in Khatyn. If its existence became public knowledge, things at
the Haunt would take a very dark turn. Neither the Fallen Sol-
diers nor the Crimson Hands would fail to act.

As a note, the Circle interaction is not meant to limit
Storytellers, just to provide guidelines. Not everyone at Khatyn
follows the status quo.

Story ideas

¢ Khatyn has a problem. The Cemetery of Villages does contain
something. The Angst and suffering of the dead have manifested into

among them, and members of the Hierarchy seize the opportu-
nity to capture him in order to gain a hold over the Mir.

the Haunt could provide a nearly endless amount of story ideas.
© Khatyn can be used as a Haunt template for any destroyed vil-
lage or town in the world. Obviously, most of them don't have the visi-
tors or memorials that Khatyn does, so they won't have nearly so much

Indian villages were destroyed by European settlers. Wherever ther
been strife, ghost towns can be found. For an interesting crossover W
Werewolf: The Apocalypse, a creative Storyteller might want to use
the Lost Colony of Roanoke, where the Croatan Garou tribe died.

problems for the local powers. The characters may end up as ei-
ther allies or foes of the Crimson Hands. In either event, the
could lear of Khatyn and be invited to join the Haunt.

© The True Mir makes its move and stage

News of such an event would ra

ary work elsewhere. How the characters react to these angel
of mercy and how the sisters react to them could be very inter-

offer a bit of light in the dark world of Wraith.

© For a very different chronicle, the Storyteller might
want to start the characters in Khatyn during the destructior
of the village. Then, they would have to watch Josef's grie
and take care of a distraught Adas. Ifa few years passed quickl
during the early stories of the chronicle, the buildup of the
Mir could provide some great roleplaying opportunities.

Chapter Eight: Khatyn Mir

What is a Haunt?

If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them
live on is to never stop loving them.

—The Crow

Just what is it that causes a Haunt to come into being?
Violent and traumatic deaths, excruciatingly powerful emo-
tions, earth-shattering passions or perhaps all of these com-
bined? No one really knows. Haunts are formed for a variety of
reasons, and because of this, each Haunt is unique. The type
of Haunt we are discussing here is not the small room or build-
ing haunted by a single, lonely wraith. Rather, we are speaking
of a building or place where once a great tragedy took place, a
tragedy so great that it has torn the Shroud asunder to allow
wraiths to pierce the Shroud more easily in this place.

Exactly how a Haunt comes into being is something of a
mystery. If every place on Earth where great suffering and tragic
deaths took place became a Haunt, they would be extremely
common, when in fact they are not. There are certain specific
elements which most Haunts have in common. Since it would
prove to be nearly impossible to provide hard and fast rules on
how to create a Haunt, the following are some guidelines on
how a Haunt is created and how it functions.

Appendix:
Haunt Creation

in the Beginning

There are certain factors which make an area suitable to
become a Haunt. None of these are definitive, however, mak-
ing each Haunt unique.

¢ The most common reason for a Haunt to come into
existence is the tragic death of a large number of individuals
ingle location. nes of natural disasters, mass murder,
battlefields or fires are prime locations to become Haunts.

in 2

© Any location which has become a Fetter for a great num-
ber of wraiths, for whatever reason, usually becomes a Haunt.
Often this is not the place where these wraiths died, but rather
a place that was of common importance to them during life.

© Some Haunts are created by a few wraiths who are in-
tent upon making the Haunt their own by driving out all mor-
tals. This is usually done by using Pandemonium or any other
Shroud-rending Arcanos to great excess. This is usually done
only by extremely powerful (and usually insane) wraiths as the
risk it entails usually far outweighs the gain. If such activity
doesn't attract the attention of the Hierarchy, then it will al-
most certainly attract the attention of unwanted and possibly
dangerous mortal organizations.


In order to create a Haunt in this fashion, the wraiths
involved must have some sort of connection with it. It must
be a Fetter or Haunt of at least one of the characters in the
Circle. The characters must then invest a great deal of Pathos
using Arcanos which pierce the Shroud, over several months,
at which point a level one Haunt is established. The amount
of Pathos spent should be at least 10 time the current Shroud
rating. The time required is approximately one month for each
level of Shroud the site pos: . In order to raise the rating of
the Haunt the whole process must be repeated, only spending
twice as much Pathos and taking twice as long; this raises the
site to level two. Level three requires three times the Pathos
expenditure, and so on. This example is assuming the Haunt is
to be a medium size house. Anything larger can require more
Pathos and longer time. Assume double the size would be
double the size and cost.

© The final factor which is often involved in the forma-
tion of a Haunt is a strong emotional attachment by both
mortals and the Dead. Battlefields or sites of mass murder are
likely locations for this type of Haunt. These places not only
not only retain the lingering Passions of the past departed, but
often evoke strong Passions within the living who visit them.
Such locations often have a level of Memoriam of their own
which can be gathered in the form of Pathos by those wraiths
who frequent the Haunt.

Memoriam

Some Haunts are so well-remembered and invoke such
passion in the mortals visiting them that they become infused
with Pathos on a daily basis. Such places tend to be battlefield
monuments or the homes of serial killers and the like, places
where people come daily to pay their respects or just out of
curiosity. The Pathos gained from this Memoriam is available
to all wraiths who frequent the Haunt. This Pathos may be
gained simply by touching the place in which the Pathos gath-
ers. This is usually a monument or other object of great impor-
tance.

All Haunts have a Memoriam rating of zero through five.
The number of Pathos available is equal to the Haunt's Me-
moriam level time 10. Therefore a Haunt with a four Memo-
riam rating has 40 Pathos available on any given day, while a
Haunt with a zero Memoriam has none.

Functions of a Haunt

Though each Haunt is a unique place as is any place on
Earth, there are certain factors which are the same for all. The
Haunt' rating is a measure of how powerful it is and how much
the Shroud is torn in that particular area. Each level of the
Haunt lowers the Shroud rating of the area by one. The higher
the Haunt rating, the easier life is for the inhabiting wraiths.
There are drawbacks to having a particularly powerful Haunt,
though. Obviously the more powerful the Haunt, the more
attention that will be drawn from other wraiths who might
possibly covet such a powerful location.

The other, less-known risk is that of creating a Nihil
Haunts have the same weakening effect on the barrier between
Shadowlands and the Skinlands as they do on the Shroud. This
creates a far greater probability for a Nihil to be formed in the
area. Though some foolish wraiths may desire such easy
to the Tempest in their Haunt, the wise would fear it for what
might emerge from it. If a Nihil does emerge in a Haunt it
generally placed under 24 hour guard, watching for Spectres
or worse to emerge.

Appendix: Haunt Creation 127


Shrouded from Mortal Eyes...

Since the world began, certain places have been claimed by death,
whispered by the Quick to be sites of terrors unimaginable. It is said
that in these places the Shroud between the worlds of the Quick and
the Dead grow thin, allowing ghostly forms to manifest as they will.

The Dance of Death Goes On!

From Portugal to Providence, the Restless have laid claim to those areas
stained with the pain of death. For in those forlorn spots, they are able
to touch — if only for an instant — the world of the Living, once thought
lost to them. The Quick hide in terror from the sights glimpsed within
these Haunts, knowing that in those places, the powers of Death reign
supreme.

Haunts is a sourcebook for Wraith: the Oblivion detailing the
strongholds of the Restless.

+ Eight Haunts throughout the Shadowlands, including Hierarchy, Heretic
and Renegade Haunts;

+ Two all-new cults of Heretics, both pursuing Transcendence in their
own way;

- And guidelines for how to create Haunts for your own chronicle!

ISBN 1-56504-610-2
WW 4610 $15.00

il
§ 9!'780565'046101"
