# File: Haunters.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Goa Daa te Oo

The Oblivion

§

ali
I iy

MN

:
%

TR: 3
x 2; y
i. iy
z ;
ie

Kou




+ |

{ Ah, Love! could thou and i with Fate consipre
H To grasp this sorry Scheme of Things entire,
Would we not shatter it to bits — and then

Re-mould it nearer to the Heart's Desire!

— Phe Rubdiyat of Ommar Khayyam,
Edward Fitzgerald, trans, =


Written by: Lucien Soulban

Development by: Richard E. Dansky

Editing by: Cynthia Summers

Art Direction by: Lawrence Snelly

Art by: John Cobb, Fred Hooper, Darren Fryendall, Eric
Lacombe and Henry Higgenbotham.

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen Miles, Richard Tho-
mas and Katie McCaskill.

Cover Art: John Cobb

Layout and typesetting by: Robby Poore

780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews.
White Wolf is a registered trademark of White Wolf, Inc.
All rights reserved. Wraith the Oblivion, Guildbook Arti-
ficers, Wraith Players Guide, Guildbook Sandmen,
Guildbook Masquers and Guildbook Haunters are trade-
marks of White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. All charac-
ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copy-
right concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader discretion
is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at http://www.white-
wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

ee ee —— oe RT)
NO) eas Ne se SS KRESS \ =) "4
: Sc = ;

Sha EN Sistem "hy ae V8 Se

Ethan "No Steenkin' White Howlers" Skemp, for taking care
of my cat while I was away on vacation.

Jeff "Fish Betta Have My Money" Holt, for taking care of
my cat during Roc of Ages.

Laura "Hi. What's Wrong?" Perkinson, for taking care of my
cat while I was at my cousin's wedding.

Kathy "Something Rotten" Ryan, for taking care of my cat
while I drove to New England for a LARP.

Phil "Award Lad" Brucato, for taking care of my cat while I
was at Origins.

Wendy "Not as Cute as My Cat" Blacksin, for taking care of
my cat over Thanksgiving.

Jane "Culpepper Memories" Palmer, for taking care of my
cat during GenCon.

Cynthia "Late Night Rescue Squad" Summers, for ferrying
me to the vet so I could take care of the beast that would
become my cat.

Andrew "Demon Teddy Bear" Bates, for taking care of my
cat while | was at NanCon.

Brian "Flammable Rewd Boy" Glass, for taking care of my
cat during the ICC.

Clayton "It Hit Play!" Oliver, for taking care of my cat while
I was in San Francisco.

Lord Ember created by Richard E. Dansky. Thusimos cre-
ated by Beth Fischi. Midian created by Lucien Soulban.

4 Guildbook: Haunters


Cha
Cha
Cha
Cha

Table of Contents

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Soul, Part IV
ater One: The Guild tliuG etf

ater Two: History yrotS A
ater Three: its All About the Wyld lib' a tuobA Ils

I
l]
4|

wt


slu0S

444
Chapter 4: Midian s Game
iv

omewhere, on a hill of cracked earth, a
house stood placidly beneath sandpaper
{| skies. Its presence within the
Shadowlands was betrayed by its unique
condition. The lower half of the house
4s\ did not exist there; having never been
consumed by the flames that brought the
remainder of the building to this bleak place, it appeared
hazy and translucent at best. A set of charred stairs served as
the only passage from the open ground floor into the skel-
eton of the second story. The attic, however, floated above
the ground like a dark dream, anchored to the hill by the
odd support beam spearing the flesh of the earth.

Lord Ember observed the house carefully, studying it with
somber curiosity. The parallel between the condition of the
building and his own appearance did not escape him. Black-
ened and cracked by centuries in the forges, Lord Ember could
blend in easily against the flame-licked wood of the floating

attic, should he choose. It was ironic, seeing as there were very
few places where he could blend in at all.

Frowning, the Guildmaster continued toward the farm-
house, taking time only to study the shadow of a fence that
was not there. Without further hesitation, Lord Ember mounted
the rickety stairs. The attic was devoid of furniture, save for a

A Rad of Stand
dna'slaetS to daoR

Souls

table and two chairs, all covered with a thick layer of soot. One
of the seats was taken by the Restless Midian, leader of an in-
fluential Haunter faction and the closest thing toa proper Guild
representative that the Haunters possessed. Midian's attention
was entirely focused on a chessboard that was marred by miss- 6
ing pieces and gap-toothed tiles; it looked as if the craftsman 9
who had made the set had given up the job halfway through. 9

Midian himself was covered head to foot in strips of ban-
dages, leaving only his face exposed. The illusion that Midian sat
restless was due solely to his animated bindings as they moved :
over his frame in a slow danse macabre. His expressionless face
revealed an even greater enigma. The mask that protected his ¢
identity, like a Caul of Stygian metal, was imbedded inches be- 1
neath his Corpus visage, and reflected the full range of emotional
countenance that one would have expected from his true, but
neutral face.

"Well?" spoke the mask of Midian. "Are you planning on
studying me or do you wish to sit down?"

"I would prefer the latter," the Artificer answered. Midian
motioned to the empty chair opposite, and moved the chess pieces
back to their starting positions. Without comment, Lord Ember
took up a black rook and examined it carefully. "One of your best
pieces," commented Midian.

Ember nodded with a satisfied grin as a milky tear of Cor-
pus rolled down the rook's face. "How is your collection pro-
ceeding, Midian?"

"People no longer wish to play me," he sighed with mock-
sadness.

"Can you blame them? Those who lose end up as either a
tile or a piece."

a

SA a--3

+-o-a

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part IV

"Better a pawn here then in the other games being played,"
Midian stated, and shrugged casually as he continued setting his
half-finished board.

Ember regarded him with a stern glance. "Surely you don't
think I'm going to play against you, Haunter. I have no interest
in ending up as one of your pieces."

Midian looked up, his mask aghast with mock concern. "You
cannot believe that I would do you any harm?" he chuckled. "Who
then would I commission to forge new pieces for me? Lord
knows your Artificers regard my kind with a
great deal of suspicion, and finding some-
one as capable as you would be next to
impossible. I promise you that no harm
will befall you over this game of chess."
Lord Ember still looked vaguely
unconvinced. Midian finally reached over,
took Ember's white king and placed it by the
side of the board. "Feel better? You cannot lose
without your king, and without mine—"
Midian placed his black king on the table, "—
neither can I."

"Intriguing. What we have here, then, is a
game that remains a perpetual stalemate." Em-
ber paused, considered. "Unless, of course, all the
pieces are devoured? Your promise is not good //
enough, Midian. There are still are degrees of ff
victory and loss." 4 () J

"But you're still going to play, aren't (
you? You can't resist the pull of this conver &J//4™@
sation or the direction it may take you in?"

"You mean the direction it may take the {
both of us in." :

"It's all a matter of perception," Midian said.
He motioned to Ember to open play, his fingers
toying with a pawn. "Besides," he continued,
"that's what we are doing now, anyway." Seeing
Ember's confusion, Midian clarified his state-
ment. "J mean that we are playing without the
benefit of a king or all the tiles in place."

"You refer to the search for Charon?"
Midian's mask smiled as he contemplated the
next move. "I was wondering about that. I hear
you refused to send anyone from your Guild
into the Labyrinth to investigate the Sandman 7
Thusimos' claim that Charon may be hidden there. Why?
Frightened?"

Midian shook his head, his mask still smiling. "I have a
healthy fear of the Labyrinth. Everyone should, after all. It is not
fear, however, that is the issue in this case."

"Then what is?"

"Thave found that the best secrets are often uncovered where
the arrows don't point."

8 Guildbook: Haunters

Ember thought about Midian's statement for a moment.
"Then you don't trust the Sandman?" he finally asked.

"Why should I? What reason have I been offered to place my
trust in him? He isn't the only one with information, you know."

"If you know something else," Ember cajoled in an ashen
purr, "then I advise you to share it."

With a look of innocent hurt on one face, Midian glanced
up. "No threats, Ember. I am willing to share what I know."
"Then speak."

"Well, I would, but this conversation is
disrupting your concentration. You just lost
a pawn. Pity."

Midian. What do you kriow?" ri
: "Enough, games? What'do you think this
. entire quest for\Charon is? Either you've de-
b cided to keep tus distracted from your true in-
tentions by distracting us with the idiotic
rumor that Charon was betrayed, or some-
one is playing you for a fool."

"Then you da'kiéw something?"

jot in the Labyrinith." Midian's inner face
iled, a Cheshire grin. (
/ Veins of angry.red traced themselvesjout
m the Artificer's charred skin. "What makes
you so sure?" ete
"A trade, Lord Artificer. What do‘you
ave that I could use?" :
"Your worthless existence, Haunter!"
Y roared Ember. "I was a power in Stygia when
your 10-times grandfather was still painting
himself blue, and I'll be here long after
\ you're gone."
Midian's Corpus bandages slithered
round his body like agitated snakes. The
launter himself, however, remained calm,
his mask an image of placid thought. "Per-
haps you are good at politics, but games are
actually my forté. Take this chess match, for
example. The white king is lacking from this equation."
Lord Ember regarded the board for a moment, then com-
mented, his tone much more subdued. "As is the black king.
We've already been over this. Is there a point to your comment?"

"There is a balance to things. No gift is entirely beneficial,
and no curse entirely destructive. As I've said, it's all a matter of
perspective. Charon is missing, correct?" Midian asked as he
tapped the white king next to him with a spindly finger.

} Ember would have"teached across the :
board for Midian's throat, butshe.remembered |

rags were rumored to possess. "Enough gamesjpom

"If anything, I/ know that Charon-i8¥

"Yes," Ember answered cautiously, unsure as to hietes this
was leading.

"And if we are to assume that Charon is the white king in
this equation, then my question to you is this: Who is playing
black king? It's a pertinent matter, I think."

"Lord Ember sat back for a moment, allowing the question
nk in. "Gorool," he decided. "But they both vanished in the
struggle."

"Did they really?" Midian purred like a great cat on the hunt.
"Was Charon even destroyed, for that matter? At the moment of

y ghis great ‘sacrifice, we Haunters sensed something queer with
am Shroud. Personally, I suspect the whole thing was a charade."
ij 7

"You believe he stepped through?"

"Now I didn't say that, but, why not?" replied Midian.

Visibly agitated, Lord Eniber pondered the ramifications of
the Haunter's statement. It was Midian who finally broke the re-
sultant silence with a casual, "Which piece would you like to be?"

Lord Ember straightened up, his fierce scowl back in place.
"So much for your ‘word,' Midian] thought you swore that no

* harm would befall me." ThesAttificer's words were sarcastic, but

his hand strayed to the weighty hammer at his belt.

"I promised that no harm Would befall you over this game of
chess," the Haunter said as his anttiiswept over the board to im-
press his point, "but, you've lost the - other game. -

"What other game?" snapped Ember.

"The one we've been playingsThis little exchange of infor-
mation and your heavy-handed ai pts to gain my secrets. We
weren't playing the same gamie, you and I. It was all a matter of
perception. Besides, I know you aren' Lord Ember. Checkmate!"

A moment of quiet draped the room as Midian regarded the
imposter. "Come out, Sandman!" the Haunter commanded. "I

\know who you are, and I know this is only a dream."

"Behind eyes that looked like Ember's, the Sandman bard

| Fhusimos quickly regained his composure. He might have been
citovered as an imposter, but the fact that Midian hadn't called
him by name was encouraging. The details of his identity were
still secure. "How?" he asked.

"Simple," stated Midian. "My dreams are the only facet of
my consciousness that remains intact. And do you know some-
thing else? | would destroy you for reminding me of that."

Thusimos smiled through Ember's cracked visage, and then
vanished with a flourish.

Midian remained seated, regarding the now-empty chair
across from him with a bored stare. Minutes — or perhaps hours
— later, he finally addressed the black queen. "Thank you for
the warning. I doubt I could have learned as much as I did had I
not been so excellently prepared."

At the center of the board, the black queen moved under
her own power, and turned to regard Midian for the first time.
He could hear the faint clinking of chains.

"And thank you." The piece spoke with a faint lilt, Midian
noticed. "Witnessing that was... informative."

"Tt certainly was." Midian sat and brooded as silence settled
around him again. It was long minutes before the queen spoke again.

"As per my last message, I wish to establish stronger lines of
communication with your Guild. There is much, I think, that |
we could do for one another."

"T agree. However, make sure your man is subtle. The others
aren't fools, and the last thing either of us needs is our alliance
becoming public knowledge. Is there anything else?"

The queen frowned. "Tam... confused about one matter."

"That bein

"Do youa ‘believe that C stepped through, back
into the world of t ne OF was | atjust another ruse?"

"T believe.", Mi his fingers ‘and his tired eyes
stared down at thé.diminutive MY Sust ns were con-
firmed only n: e Ember tipped his tand whien he tried

v | aie rather chines trying. to discern if 1 wete
telling h ‘ruth, But toanswer your - |" T think that

"Or what?" presse t
"OxGorool d th remained silent for a few moments,
lost in §; before Midian spoke up again. "So, my
lady, what' will the ‘Deathlords do now, since you have learned
that your days of rule.are numbered?"
"My dear "Midian" she sighed "that i is not your concern."

"T agree, a8 long as you remember our deal. I ywaeehoron
or Gorool foundand his body giv me for my boards] want it
finished by the time I finally. return the land of the living."

"Do you still believe-y tear down the Shroud and
cross over again?" the bl: en asked with a bemused smile.

Midian's voice was grim, and terrifyingly lucid. "The Shroud
did weaken when Charon fought Gorool The Mandelbrots have
shown me the proof. If Charon or Gorool's passing was capable of 4 /
doing it once, imagine what might happen if either dies a second te
time. This opportunity will not escape us. When the moment of |) &
truth comes, we will be ready to travel through. We've been dead
a very long time, and I for one have grown quite tired of it."

"And your dream visitor, the Sandman?"

"] think it may have been either Thusimos or Akhshephat.
Either way, I claim him for my bo:

"As what piece, if I may be so bold to ask?"

"Pawn."

The black queen surveyed the chess board with a troubled
frown. "Pardon the question, Midian, but don't you already have
a full complement of pawns?"

"My dear lady," Midian's translucent face and mask smiled
in unison. "You can never have enough pawns."

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Souls, Part IV 9


Chapter: One
The Recruiting Process
dessecor? titirceR el]

SOO a TT Te

f\

ue se Your Eyes oe\/ :

Frost the shad: Wheathe rocches' did sippeer, ther brtle black bodies
anori could oot. He. -fortred Words om his fading wellpaper. h this manner, they spoke: _-
to ey Fold-him things, dark things. Sometimes; however, _

_ they would 9p.F09 far ang try +0 approach him. They died wher
—they-did. thie, Hhoogh, Ever ting ocockroach came too close, it

ory with ‘his ra

* ctimposing' morsels of rhidde W his t ne aa d rag
clothing he haa: worn gourtless hoot washing. Stans —tered acrossta hole in +} than its bedy.ehd checked"

his gun-=* vo.biulefsleft-— and. watked Some More while the ai
cockroaches spake Fo him, af ates ‘ w
A "Thee shadows of neitherhere nor there, Roochb ud the: a
- Fraunter euckled + hinself: His teeth ckked Fogether ned
© citement og he formed mother Sentence formed Zid to read. *

of Unknown origin tarked-kh walls and bortmold crept long th

—

a Roselyb vat was | na -mentadrivesT his was how he inducted *%
"his andigates nto the Poonhers: 0. :

Chapter One: The Guild I


Gf gE
VEL

The Guild tuG etf
Peeling Back the Skin
niS eht kcaB ginleeP

e are the Haunters. We are a poem that
dances to an invisible choreographer's
whim, we are chaos by intention, we are
madness in moderation. Of the Guilds, we

are among the few that bear the distinc-
tion of being outlawed proudly. It suits our
needs, as it will come to suit yours.

Now you may wonder why we are sharing this with you.
It's simple. We are recruiters for our Guild, and it is our func-
tion to bring those of promise into our fold when they die.
We know that you think that you are not yet dead, but really,
you are. It's just a timing issue.

You will discover that time works to your advantage when
you're a Haunter. It's all a matter of personal perception. Now,
quit killing our goddamned roaches and listen.

Who We Are eW/ er oll

Many would have you believe that we ghosts are the
Restless Dead, too embittered to let go of the real world. We
don't like this definition. It makes victims of us too easily. A
more accurate description would be to say that we are those
who not only refuse to let go of the mortal coil, but who also
strive to bring the Shroud down like a cheap Christmas tree
on New Year's. We are not victims; we are wraiths who have
decided on a grand and glorious goal. Unfortunately, we are
too divided to reach it. Yet.

Reality was not always the harsh mistress it is now. Even
Charon recognized this, back in the old days when the Shroud
was just a mist. In time, however, the Shroud became bloated,
mirroring the growing ignorance of the living and their pre-
cious Fog. The less the Quick wanted to learn about what
frightened them, the stronger the Shroud grew.

We Haunters came from the ranks of those wraiths who
not only saw the rift widen and the world of the living attempt
leave us behind, but who were determined to rectify this situa-
tion. Our solution was to tear down the ubiquitous wall called
the Shroud, and our target was humanity (for if mortals were
the tailors who dictated the weave of the world, then they had
to be shown that the fabric of their reality was not as well-crafted


as they had hoped). The struggle continues to this day, and when
you die, you will join us and take up the same struggle we have
fought through the centuries. Our aim is this: to unite the two
worlds and take back what was once ours — the Skinlands. We
do so by haunting the living and by reminding them that there
is more to their lives than their petty little world. Mind by mind,
we will show them the reality of terror, and thread by thread
the Shroud will unravel. Then the worlds of the living and the
dead will be@ite again, and we shall step from the Shadowlands
into the sunlight, there to live once again.

Forever, perhaps. We shall see when it happens...

I will not delude you. The road has not been easy. We
have always been a fractious bunch. As a Guild we have di-
vided ourselves into various alliances that pursue the same
goal, but do so by taking differing and, occasionally, opposing
paths. From the maniacal Bedlameers to the practical
Menagerians, from the cold-hearted Mandelbrots to the pi-
ous Dantes, we are all Haunters, but we march under the ban-
ners of unofficial alliances, that keep us apart. In essence, we
are often our own worst enemies.

Alliances sesailA

When the call came to form ourselves into a proper Guild,

a variety of groups who practiced Pandemonium stepped for- »

ward and claimed the right to represent the general interests
of all the Wylding's practitioners. In truth, we were never
particular about who learned our Arcanos, so our member-
ship was far-flung, diverse and unfortunately, disorganized.
Slowly, due to the efforts of several influential wraiths (in-
cluding Midian and Sweet Sorrow), some of the more glaring
differences between one bunch of Haunters and another were
ironed out. The factions ended up united by common goals
and treaties, and transmogrified into a sanctioned Guild.

Despite our "official" unification, however, several alli-
ances within the Guild retained their unique ideologies and
maintained strong group identities. To this day, several fac-
tions exist within the Haunters, which we'still call alliances.
With exception to the Mandelbrots and Dantes, the ranks of
these other groups are not rigid, and their continued exist-
ences are outgrowths of common interests or mutual views,
as opposed to being the products of a directed agenda. In fact,
many of these alliances have free-floating memberships ("Go-
ing to be a Menagerian this week, dear,"), and as such they
are often derisively referred to as "clubs."

Although we are divided over the path we should travel
in order to reach our goal, we are united in purpose. (One of
the outcomes of the Conclave that first formed the Haunter's
Guild was a statement of mutual purpose.) We all want to
shred the Shroud, and once we do so, we wish our fellow
Haunters to join us on the other side of its corpse. It's just
that each of our alliances wishes to demonstrate conclusively

walks into the room. Remember, we all come from the same

point before our deaths. We have seen other supernatural crea-
tures manipulate time itself, and we believe we can do the

that its path was the correct one, and as such there's some-
times a bit of... sibling rivalry that springs up.

In any case, here are examples of some of the more pow-
erful alliances within the Guild. We mention these in par-
ticular because they have managed, in some fashion or form,
to advance our craft beyond its original state.

When dealing with alliances, there is one rule that al-
ways takes precedence above all other concerns: Even if you
do not agree with another Haunter, you must still back him
up against all aliens. If you are a Dante, you may argue with a
Mandelbrot to your heart's content until the second a Spook

roots, and we are all touched by the Wylding. None of the
aliens will ever understand that.

The HG. Dwellers

Other Aliases: The Puritans, Pandora Skia

This alliance is one of the oldest factions within the
Haunters, and is the founding Circle of the Guild itself. This
is the alliance we belong to, and it is the alliance that you
will belong to as well.

What makes us all H.G, Dwellers is this: We subscribe to
the notion that the hands of time can be forced back to a

same. And once we have wound back time to a point when
we all live once/again, then the sky will be the limit!

Initially;we wete known as Pandora Skia, or Pandora's
Shadow, an alliance dating back to the Golden Age of Ath-
ens (well before the birth of the Christian Messiah). We are
best remembered for the haunting of Pandora, a tale that later
came to serve as an allegory for the woes of the world. You
will learn more about this when we teach you our history. For
as long as we can remember, we have been among those who
led the charge against the Shroud, and as the premier practi-
tioners of the Wylding, we naturally took charge of the alli-
ances when the Haunter's Guild became real. Much later, fol-
lowing the release of H.G. Wells' The Time Machine, our name
became what it is now, a reflection of the changing times and
a tribute to one who understood somehow what we were about.

We are a sinall Circle. Our numbers have been shrinking
as of late, that is true, but we are still recognized as the lead-
ers of the Haunters by most of the Guilds. We regard many of
our brethren to be fools for the paths they have chosen, but
we do not hold that against them. We haunt ancient places,
because people expect that sort of thing from ruined houses
and old mansions. We find the Shroud in these areas is weaker,
and thus the traces of our work cannot be erased so easily by
the Fog. Otherwise, each of us strains against the clockwork
of entropy as best we can, seeking to make the watch hands
of the universe spin backward.

Chapter One: The Guild

Our Organization

Like most of the other factions, we do not have a rigid
hierarchy. Individual members are allowed to pursue their own
endeavors, so long as they advance the group's goals. The H.G.
Dwellers do rely on a council of five wraiths, however, to make
major decisions for our alliance. The final vote lies in the
hands of Midian, the leader of the H.G. Dwellers. It is Midian
who chooses who will occupy the five council seats, and who
decides what issues they will address.

Never accept an offer of a game of chess from Midian. I tell
you this now, in hopes that the memory will survive your death.

Gallery Macabre

Every year, a Caligarian is elected to be host for a re-
gion or Necropolis. It then becomes his duty to provide
entertainment, hold expositions and lead tours of various
local Haunts. Invitations for Haunters' galas go out via
word of mouth, and the events are open to all Haunters
and Spooks. The festivities usually begin with a gathering
ata local art gallery, most often one that displays the work
of an individual influenced by a Dark Muse. The first part
of the evening consists of the guests critiquing the work,
not only that of the artist, but also that of the Haunter
who inspired her. A favorite topic of discussion is how much
any given haunting or effect has influenced a particular
piece; these debates can go on for hours.

Following the exposition, the guests travel to a cel-
ebrated haunted site, where a troupe of Caligarians mounts
a "performance haunting" for the benefit of their audience.

These expositions are always improvised, since their tar-

gets are whatever unsuspecting mortals wander onstag

Emphasis is placed on the ability of the actors to create a
beginning, middle, climax and resolution to a play involv-
ing panicked humans. Because Caligarians enjoy the com-
pany of other performers and artists, Sandmen have also
been known to take part in these improvisations, or even
to present dream plays of their own. Mostly, however, the

attendance at these events is limited to Spooks and Haunt-

Following the show, older Haunters share their expe-
rience and wisdom in dealing with Pandemonium. It is at
these events that new arts of the Wylding are unveiled.
The evening then climaxes with a tour of famous local
haunted establishments, where the guests are welcome to
contribute to the legends of these places.

We have attended several such "Galleries Macabre,"
and we must admit that the Caligarians are at least inno-

vative in their presentation of the Wylding.

The Mandelbrots

Other Aliases: Bay't el-Hikma, the Nihilists, Chaosticians

Some Haunters believe it was a mistake to ignore Out-
rage as a potential avenue for returning to the world of the
Quick, and are still closely allied with the Spooks. This group
works at combining Outrage and Pandemonium in order to
manipulate the stuff of the Shroud itself. Reliable sources also
indicate that they are researching the prospect of harnessing
Nihils in the hopes of using these tears in reality to shred the
Shroud. These wraiths, when not terrifying the living, are
the most analytical and research-oriented of our kind. Many
former scientists find a home with the Mandelbrots; many
new uses of the Wylding come from their labs.

The Nihilists are gaining more and more adherents to
their ranks. They are also the most brutal of our kind, and
they haunt with the intention of maiming and killing. That,
they say, is the only way to make humanity truly remember
the sting of Pandemonium. Of all the alliances, they are the
only ones strong enough to challenge the H.G. Dwellers.

I didn't say defeat. I just said challenge.

Organization

The Mandelbrots are controlled by one wraith, Dr. Shud-
der. He rules the Nihilists with an iron hand, and his vision
steers their actions#Dr. Shudder is attended by the Dead
Cadre, a group of 13 assistants who delegate assignments té
the various subgroups and research teams.

The members of the C
good doctor, are merciless in their ef
in the ranks is squashed without a second of remorse. Dr. Shud-
der is also rumored to be in league with dark fae, not to men-
tion some of the more violent members of the Spooks' Guild.

The Calgarians

Other Aliases: The Artists, Dark Muses

Originally known as the Bacchaens, a hedonistic sect of
wraiths who regarded Pandemonium as their drug of choice
in the Shadowlands, these Restless have since evolved and
now view teality as an antiquated medium whose time has
ended. The Caligarians were renamed back in 1921, follow-
ing the release of The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari. Apparently the
film so inflamed their sensibilities that they adopted a new

dre, all personally devoted to the
iency. Any dissension

precept: Since they were no longer limited by physical law,
they no longer had any need to adhere to its tenets.

The Caligarians' prime concern is artistic expression, and
while they are potent manipulators of Pandemonium, I doubt
many of these hedonists are much concerned with bringing down
the Shroud. Caligarians prefer to make a "statement" with whom-


ever they terrify, and their recruiting techniques are something
to behold. They love haunting artists and revealing their "tal-

ents" to these hapless creators. These particular Haunters refer
to themselves as Dark Muses, claiming that they give mortal cre-
ators the inspiration of insanity. From what we have seen, this
faction is also closely allied with certain Renegade Masquers and
well-versed with Moliate. The wraiths of the Caligarians love to
use themselves as canvases for Corpus art, and their often
freakish appearances reflect this preference.

Organization

Any attempt at describing their
chain of command is laughable, as the
Dark Muses have no organization.
The Caligarians classify their craft
as a solitary venture, a journey
of personal vision. Therefore, a
leadership structure is superflu-
ous to their goals. They regard
one another as equals and de-
fine their alliance as an as-
sembly of common interest,
not one of mutual goals.

I once heard a friend of
mine describe these Haunters
as a "mutual appreciation so-
ciety for deceased narcissists."
She was not far from the truth.

The Dantes

Other ‘Aliases: Explorers,
Zealots

Believing themselves to be in
neither Heaven nor Hell, this
group of Heretics is of the opinion
that they have stumbled upon Pur-
gatory. They were formed after the
release of Dante Alighieri's Divine
Comedy, working under the supposi-
tion that this realm was meant to test
them. (The fact that Alighieri himself
dwells in Stygia as a publicity flack for
the Hierarchy dismays their ardor for his
work not one bit.) Unsurprisingly, the
Dantes have defined themselves as the sur-
veyors and explorers of the Shadowlands
(for how can one expect to affect one's sur-
roundings without fully exploring what one
strives to change?).

The Dantes do not seek to upend real-
ity with a vision of their own. Instead they

use Pandemonium to tear away the illusions placed before
them by a testing God. Because of their exploratory nature,
the Dantes are well-versed in Argos, and most have strong
ties to other Heretical groups such as the Harbingers.

Do not let the fact that the Dantes are devoutly religious
taint your judgment; they know exactly what they are doing:
Some of these Haunters are the best tour guides oboli can pur-
chase, for they know the Underworld as surely as you know
the confines of this room. The cost of hiring a Dantist Haunter
usually entails attending at least one church service, however,
during which they will try to convert you. It is for this reason
that the Dantes are employed only as a last resort by most of
us; the vast majority of Haunters have no interest in anyone's
God. Still, despite their overemphasis on religion, the Dantes
also believe in helping Haunters before aliens.

The Dantes can usually be found haunting those places
they deem immersed in sin or owned by sinners. Unfortunatély,
this gives them a rather long list of people and places to

haunt, and it is not uncommon for a Dante to come
\ into contention with another Haunter who may have
y already staked a claim for himself.

j ‘ «
Organization
The Dantes, entirely Christian in belief, are led by
Father Foster. He acts as their spiritual guide, and some of
his followers have even gone so far as to call him the

Pope of the Shadowlands. To his credit, however, he

repudiates this title — thus far.

Under him are two "shepherds," who supervise re-
gional priests. The priests, in turn, oversee the ex-
ploration of the Tempest and the haunting of the
breathing world. As compared to the H.G.
Dwellers, these Heretics are extremely well-
organized and structured.

The Bedlameers

Other Aliases: Alienists, Madmen
If you think we're putting

Nh py you through hell, be glad the
sin. Bedlameers didn't find you.
ah What the Nihilists possess in
brutality, the Alienists own
Yin insanity. The activities of
these Haunters can be traced
back to the Roman era, for

it was their actions that catego-
rized us then as Lemuria, or evil
and restless spirits. During the Con-
clave that united us into a Guild, they barely
supported the motion to unite the alliances, and they


were not even interested in the Guild until well after the
Breaking. It is not their politics, though, that makes them
objectionable.

It was not until the 17th century, under the guidance of
Sweet Sorrow, the Grandmother of the Haunters, that they
adopted their current name from "bedlam," meaning chaos
and confusion. Bedlam, in turn, was taken from London's
Bethlehem Hospital, a filthy asylum for the insane where the
public could purchase tickets to watch the mad "perform."
The core group of today's Bedlameers died from the barbaric
conditions that plagued the 17th-19th century mental hospi-
tals, and those experiences inform their actions to this day.

Of all the Haunters, Charon considered them the most
dangerous of our kind. He constantly tried to have them cap-
tured and turned over to the forges. The Hierarchy has car-
ried on this tradition even after the Imperator's disappearance;
the form remains even when the function is not understood.

We must sorrowfully admit that we do not understand
the Bedlameers either; they are beyond psychotic. They haunt
asylums, prisons and hospitals, preying upon the weak-minded,
the insane and the deviants. Oblivion has not merely touched
these ones; it has sunk its fangs into their throats and re-
placed their blood with toxic madness.

Much like the Caligarians, the Bedlameers have no in-
terest in returning to the Skinlands. They possess far too much
power here to abandon the Underworld so casually. Fear has
become their aphrodisiac, and this makes them dangerous and
untrustworthy. Of all of our kind, it is the Bedlameers who
veer the closest to the edge of what we are often accused of.

We have also heard of a rumored treaty between the
Bedlameers and the Laughing Lady, the Deathlord who occu-
pies the Seat of Succor. Sweet Sorrow is reputedly using the
Bedlameers to spread madness in world of the Quick by driv-
ing the living insane. These unhinged mortals then kill and
harm others because of what the "voices" tell them to do. This
invariably fills the coffers of the Laughing Lady with more
wraiths, and she, in turn, overlooks the transgressions of the
Bedlameers (leaving them their hospital and prison Haunts).
Although the truth of this rumor is dubious, we have heard
that Sweet Sorrow covets the Seat of Succor for herself, and
awaits anxiously the day when the Laughing Lady falls.

Organization

The Bedlameers are guided by Sweet Sorrow, their spiri-
tual advisor. While she does not control them, they honor her
advice and listen to her suggestions. Beyond that, each batch
of Bedlameers is ruled by the strongest of their number, and
they consider each asylum, hospital and prison to be a separate
city-state ruled by different sets of laws, customs and traditions.

The Order of the Glass Menagerie

Other Aliases: The Remembered, Diplomats

A fairly new group, but one that is rapidly gaining
strength, these Haunters have allied themselves with (sup-
posedly) the Mnemoi and (definitely) the Sandmen. Their
theory (and we have to admit it has merit) is that our haunt-
ing efforts are losing their impact because of the Fog — mor-
tals' ability to forget our presence or explain it away. Sandmen
and Mnemoi can rekindle the memories of a haunting after
the Fog has taken effect by exercising their Arcanoi. This
way, skinbags are forced to confront what they have seen over
and over again until the memory sticks.

These Haunters are less tied down to specific locations or
individuals. For them, haunting is an equal opportunity endeavor,
and they believe that it should be spread across racial, status,
gender and age lines in order to have the best effect. Of the
Haunters we know, they are the most practical, discreet and busi-
ness-oriented about their day-to-day affairs. Members of the Order
tend to be reserved, subtle, observant, patient, highly diplomatic
and well-educated. They are the ones most likely to hire their
talents out, and the ones, from what we hear, the Hierarchy se-
cretly approaches for help in dealing with their problems.

The Order of the Glass Menagerie maintains close con-
tacts with most of the other Haunter alliances, and its mem-
bers have begun acting as intermediaries to reunify us as. a Guild.
The greatest problems of reconciliation, however, lie between
the H.G. Dwellers and the Mandelbrots. The Nihilists have
no interest in forming a unified Guild if it means deferring to
the Puritans, and we will not acquiesce our right of leadership
to them. To their credit, the Remembered are still trying.

Organization

The upper echelons of the Glass Menagerie remain a mys-
tery. We believe that their leadership consists of a shadow
council of five members who hold equal sway over the
Menagerians. Because of their insistence on keeping secrets
about this and other matters, however, quite a few of us dis-
trust the Menagerie. Stories are circulating as to how the Or-
der is a clever front for the Hierarchy; that it is under Ember's
control; that it is a trick of the Sandmen; that it is ruled by
Doppelgangers; that the council members are none other than
Midian, Dr. Shudder, Father Foster, Sweet Sorrow and Elvis.

You get the picture.

It is more likely, however, that the council is controlled
by Midian, since the Menagerie and Dwellers share similar
outlooks. With the rumors surrounding the activities of Sweet
Sorrow flying, Midian may be trying to ferment a united coa-
lition of alliances to counteract the Bedlameers and their re-
puted ties to the Seat of Succor. Only time will tell.

Chapter One: The Guild


Beneath the supposed council are mouthpieces, Haunters
who receive their instructions through dreams. It is their re-
sponsibility to inform the other Menagerie members as to their
assignments. Below the mouthpieces are the
various Haunter cells. These groups num-
ber anywhere from two to 10 members,
and their members do the vast majority
of the down-and-dirty hauntings that
ny 4 appear in the tabloids. Everyone in
the cell gets his instructions at once
R to make sure there's no misunder-
standings. A haunting that gets out of
ey hand is an invitation to the Dannati.

Want
y5') tnaW eW tno)

q tal

When Charon disbanded the Guilds,
it did not matter to us. We would survive
with or without the permission of the Hier-
archy, just as we had done before the Conclave.
In truth, we were not just a collection of motley
individuals who shared an ability; we were not
§ willing to have Charon dismiss us that easily. We
Haunters may have shared the same Arcanos, but
Pandemonium was the result of our endeavors, not
the catalyst for them.
The early Haunters were formed from a
nucleus of wraiths working toward a shared goal:
weakening the Shroud enough to create holes and
doorways through which the dead could permanently
re-enter the Skinlands. Our ultimate hope was
that through our actions, the Shroud would
eventually dissipate, and the two realms of
the living and the dead would again
become one. The universe, however,
works through action and dynamic
interplay, not wishful thinking. If the
Shroud were to be brought down, do-
ing so would require deliberate effort.

SQ

Guildbook: Haunters


Many of the wraiths who formed the various alliances
that predated the Guild came to this conclusion indepen-
dently. With a goal in mind, groups began to search for a
means to their quest, and this resulted in the discovery of
various Arcanoi. Of initial interest to these groups were the
fledgling arts of Pandemonium, Outrage and Embody, all three
of which could reach across the Shroud and affect the physi-
cal world of the Quick. Each group took the Arcanos that
interested them the most, and began expanding the scope of
its ability, tailoring it to their needs.

Our Power rewoP ruoH

Our first avenues of exploration focused on Outrage, but
that was a mule, a sterile dead end that diverted us away from
our purpose. Outrage became the Arcanos of choice for the
alliance that became the Spooks, our little brothers, even as
we abandoned it. We came to the same conclusions about
Embody, which showed no promise either (even though the
split with the alliance that later became the Proctors' Guild
incurred a great deal of animosity between us and them, a rift
that has grown worse over the centuries). Then, finally, came
Pandemonium, an Arcanos said to have been learned from
the whispers of the Wyld in a deal called the Covenant. We'll
tell you more about it later — if you're attentive.

Pandemonium, a time and space-altering Arcanos, accom-
plished what we were striving for: the manipulation of reality,
albeit to only a small degree. Our Arcanos, however, is still
limited, influencing perceptions of reality while stopping shy
of actually producing long-term effects. We're working to
change that, however. We've made a very impressive start.

The assorted alliances explored the use of our Arcanos in
different ways. One group wanted to manipulate time and re-
verse its hold on the world. Another hoped that by distorting
people's perceptions of reality, its members could influence the
way the world was viewed and understood. A few distraught
wraiths merely wanted nothing more than to break down the
walls between the Shadowlands and the world they left be-
hind.

To outsiders — those we call aliens — these varying strat-
egies seemed too far-fetched to have any potential for success
whatsoever, but they were quite surprised when we managed
to unite ourselves into a proper Guild following the Conclave.
It is still difficult for aliens to understand why we would be so
interested in such a "Quixotic" quest. They, however, have
never been touched by the Wylding's caress. We have, and we
know what can be accomplished with it. It is this very gift that
allows us to communicate with you right now. It is this gift
that you will come to appreciate when you join us.

|

/

SS

Sy
4


inamull tnaW eW yh

The Haunters, though never unified by the concurrence of opinion,
all still strive toward the same goal. And that is why we haunt (hate?) the
humans. We are all convinced that humanity is the key to our freedom. It

is their belief that reinforces the Shroud and builds it ever higher. It is

our duty to haunt them into believing in us — and thus wrecking their
own creation. Once they accept that we are real, then the artifact of
their disbelief will come tumbling down.

We have learned that humanity has a subconscious communal sense
of self-preservation when it comes to the supernatural. The result is
the Shroud — a sort of ghostly version of the Berlin Wall —
and the Fog, humanity's inability to recognize the paranor-
mal for what it actually is. To counter these hindrances,

we use hauntings to remind the Quick that we still
exist and that out of sight is not out of mind. Pan-
demonium allows us to use the weaker points
in the Shroud to our advantage. By probing
f these weak spots, we can manifest our abilities
in the sunlit world and scare humanity into re-

membering that there is another realm out here,
waiting for each and every one of them. Forget
Outrage; knocking over a glass or two is something
that most people can eventually overlook or rational-
ize. On the other hand, creating bleeding walls and

plagues of insects is something that people will

notice. Already, the antics of several of our more
prominent members have been immortalized in
history. You've heard of the Bell Witch
hauntings? No? Then how about Amityville?

Using Wylding across the Shroud also
serves to weaken the barrier, inch by steady
inch. The Shroud is continually gaining
strength, and haunting is necessary to pre-
vent our avenues into the Skinlands from be-
ing cut off entirely. Being a Haunter means
relying on many small victories in order,
someday, to win the war.

N The Cut of Our Dress
htaeD ru0 fo puC ef

It is habit to categorize everything you see

into tidy little compartments. Since our behav-
ior is difficult to quantify, our appearance serves as

the hook by which others identify us. They say, "Oh, he's wear-
inga black cloak. He must be a Haunter," and they think noth-
ing more of it. Most don't even stop to ponder why we wear
the cloaks anymore. That's their mistake. Our choice of cloth-
ing, however stylish, does serve a functional purpose as well.

Initially, the standard cloak hid the deformities of those of
our kind who had grown visibly tainted by the Wylding. Wraiths
tend to react rather negatively to someone whose translucent
Corpus is teeming with insects or who bleeds from every vis-
ible orifice. Soon, many of our kind wore the cloaks because
they offered us a psychological advantage over the aliens. Fur-
thermore, large billowy cloaks made it difficult to determine
our precise physical make-up, and allowed us to conceal relics,
Artifacts and weapons with ease. With the mystique surround-
ing those Haunters who had been physically wracked by the
Wyld's gift, many wraiths were left wondering what secrets lay
hidden beneath our oh-so-mysterious cloaks.

Eventually, the habit of wearing cloaks soon began to
affect the way some of us used our abilities. We discovered
ways of allowing the effects of the Wylding to erupt from the
folds of our clothing, and our voluminous cloaks were noth-
ing if not abundant in hidden creases and pockets. This ef
fect kept many aliens away from us; the uncertainty of what
lay beneath the cloth as well as what might erupt from within
it frightened them greatly.

Aliens and Outsiders

edistud neil
The Hierarchy selik deri

There was a reason Charon never approved of our Guild,
never sanctioned our activities or knowledge as proper. He had an
inkling of what we sought, and he was frightened by the prospect
of what we could accomplish. That's where the precious Dictum
Mortuum came from, that lot of piffle that says talking to the liv-
ing is bad. We're not harming you, are we? But Charon saw only
the worst in what we wanted to do, and succumbed to fear.

The man himself is gone, but his fear has survived, pass-
ing into the Hierarchy of the present day. The Deathlords
remain blindfolded as to the reasons why we should be feared,
however, and snap at the darkness around them like fright-
ened pets simply because they heard a noise.

That is not to say that the Hierarchy is entirely bad. The
Deathlords' subjects have their uses, and we are sure they be-
lieve the same of us. You'll find the odd Legionnaire or Anacreon
who seeks to employ your services, but if you take these con-

hy

tracts, remember, your Guild and the safety of its members takes
precedence over any alien and what he can offer.

Renegades seta

By definition, this appellation applies to us, but don't al-
low yourself to be pigeonholed quite so easily. Only the
Mandelbrots and possibly the Bedlameers are true Renegades;
they readily oppose anything that deals with the Hierarchy on
a friendly basis, and often throw themselves into frays if it means
spilling Legionnaire plasm. The Caligarians, on the other hand,
consider themselves moral opponents of the Hierarchy, but rarely
pursue their ideology to the point of confrontation. "Weekend
Renegades" was the term we heard used once in their case.

The problem with Renegades is that they often expect you
to join their fight simply because "it's the right thing to do." "The
right thing" really doesn't mean much to us. We do things that
further the goals of our Guild as a whole, and if that means going
against the Hierarchy, Renegades and/or Heretics to do so, then
we will. By the same token, we will work with any and all of the
three factions if — and only if — doing so furthers our ends.

Heretics yserel

What applies to the Renegades holds true with the Her-
etics. Perhaps we understand them a touch better because
the Dantes are really nothing more than a cult that has formed
within the Haunters, Heretics of a sort themselves. We have
already expressed our grievances concerning these wraiths,
but must admit they are less aggressive than the Renegades.
They see the benefit of subtlety, the need to move slowly and
gauge an opponent before considering a course of action. Now
if only they could teach the Nihilists and Alienists this wis-
dom, we would all be much better off.

The one major problem with Heretics is their blind de-
votion to their belief(s). They are subtle by choice, but when
dictated to do otherwise by this cult leader or that bit of holy
writ, they become far more dangerous and brutal than any
Renegade could ever be. This reliance on foreign ideology
makes them allies at arm's length, at best.

Other Guilds tliuG s reht0

Our attempt to discover new ways of weakening the
Shroud often brings us to the doorsteps of others. Just be-
cause members of other Guilds are aliens does not mean that
their gifts and powers are useless. (The same applies to us, by
the way. If anyone seeks to learn the Wylding from you, use
judgment, but teach it if they ask. Spreading Pandemonium
is always of benefit to the Haunters.)

Of all the Guilds, however, be most careful of the Artifi-
cers. They believe they are above all, especially us. Masquers
can be a fun lot, but watch them carefully. They are dangerous

Chapter One: The Guild 21


=O Vox Wis

" 4

when provoked, and while
their vengeance is slow, it is sure.
On the other hand, working with

Ep the Monitors can be financially reward-
ing; many Haunters team up with these
"" ghosts to form freelance "Fetter hit squads."
There's nothing like the look on another wraith's
face when he realizes that his biggest Fetter is about to
be torn down "on account of the ghosts."

> Our Allies: The Spooks

We like to refer to the Spooks as our

younger siblings, because in essence
they are. Before we attached the
definition of Guild to our name
(or before we even united),
ge Spooks and Haunters were in-
Pat, separable. While the paths we
i f took as Guilds differed, we
ji have remained staunch allies
@ through the centuries.

With the Conclave, how-
ever, the alliance whose mem-
bership constituted the
Spooks went ahead and, ahem,

forged their own Guild, a move
which was not met with our ap-
proval. Initially, our disapproval
generated a feud between the two
Guilds, which nearly cost us the
only true friends we possessed. A
war of practical jokes quickly
turned into backstabbing and poli-
ticking, forcing the Spooks to look
@ elsewhere for support against our
! superior numbers and talents. It
P was only after they began a very
public dalliance with the Artificers
that we realized our mistake and pub-
S licly apologized for our actions.
& Luckily, we were forgiven.

We now recognize the Spooks
Bas equals, even though we still
fondly regard them as our younger
B brothers. This does not mean you
can boss them around, however;
family fights are often vicious, and
& frankly, a Spook is strong enough
to give you and nearly any other
y Haunter (except, possibly, a Ni-
"V7 hilist) a good thrashing. Staying
Jie on their good side is a wise idea,


but we know they regard us with the same fondness we have
for them. Regardless of the day-to-day quibbles and problems
that may arise, they are family. They are allies, they are lovers,
they are kin. Most importantly, they are to be trusted with al-
most the same conviction you would place in another Haunter.

Our Enemies: The Proctors

Our reaction to the formation of the Spooks' Guild was
due primarily to the sense of betrayal we had felt at the hands
of the hedonistic Proctors. Before the formation of the Guilds,
the Proctors constituted an alliance which, just as we did, strove
for a means to return to the Skinlands. We once regarded them
as friends and allies, but our warm regard for them has faded.
They betrayed us, you see. We do not forgive such things.

From the onset, the alliance that would later constitute
the Proctors wallowed in self-pity instead of trying to see the
advantages of their new existence. They used Embody to re-
member the way things used to be, rather than pushing the
boundaries of what could be. They called us stupid for our
optimism, and took every opportunity to denigrate our efforts.
They whispered in the ears of the others, sabotaged our ef-
forts, sicced Hierarchy troops on our Circles, and generally
did everything they could short of total war to destroy us.

The final straw came during the formation of the Guilds,
when the Proctors petitioned the Artificers to exclude us from
the proceedings. We were too chaotic, they said, and would
disrupt matters. We even discovered that they tried to sell us
out to the Hierarchy during the Revolt of the Guilds.
Pity that backfired on them, don't you think?

Have no idea what we're talking
about? You will.

Our Opposites: The Puppeteers

We don't talk about them. We don't think
about them. See, we're not thinking about them now.
Why? Because we want to make the living aware of
us. They want to make the living us. Horrible, isn't it?
Think about it.

Skinbag Aliens

Most of the skinbags we deal with are on the receiving
end of our abilities. It is we who seek them out, not the other
way around — most can only reach us when we want them
to. Still, it is wise to know whom not to approach and why.
There are things out there that can harm us, so discretion is
necessary when choosing a target for a haunting. It simply
won't do to have you go out on your first haunting and find
yourself trapped in a bottle in some alien's laboratory some-
where. No, that wouldn't do at all.

Vampires

Don't waste your time. These creatures are so egocentric
that as far as they're concerned, if you can't be used, you aren't
worth the effort of speaking to. As far as these self-named
"Kindred" are concerned, everything is a pawn in some grand
scheme of theirs. As a result, any agreement you may wish to
engage in will invariably be structured to come out to their
advantage, regardless of how cunning you thought you were
when you negotiated it. Besides, they don't scare that easily,
and for all their posturing, they have negligible impact on
how reality is viewed or interpreted.

Of all of the aliens, though, only the living have fewer
defenses against us than the bloodsuckers do, and disrupting
their museum-tableau exist-
ences can be great
fun. Just take
time to ob-
serve your
target to


I

We

A

see what she's actually capable of before you start making her
furniture leak clotted blood; you don't want to be surprised by
a necromancer.

Werewolves

We mostly ignore these walking mountains of fur and muscle,
not out of disinterest, but because they possess the means to fight
us. Charms and chants, spirits and dances — these are the tools
that the werewolves use to shield themselves from our tender
ministrations. However, these tactics are surprisingly effective.
It's a disappointment, really. You'd think they'd welcome our
wildness (and Wyld-ness) in the waking world.

There is one particular group of these creatures who are
thoroughly deformed, horrors that Oblivion's sting has tainted
beyond recall. The Bedlameers are the only ones foolish
enough to speak with these twisted monstrosities, and we
advise you to avoid'them. Their Shadows rule them; they are
living Shades.

Mages

These are a tricky lot. Such power makes us sick... sick
with envy. We are sick that some skinbags possess the ability
to manipulate reality, and sick that we do not possess it our-
selves. Fortunately, these miracle workers are saddled with
their own problem, a shadow war of sorts. If you are going to
seek out any communication with this lot, however, then
speak to the animists, the ones who believe in the spirits that
surround them. They are less likely to try to snare you for
their own gains, or worse yet, use you to power their outland-
ish contraptions.

There are mad ones among the wizards, and we've found
we can work with them — to a point. It is best, most times, to
let them do what they wish to the fabric of reality, and to use
that as a starting point for our own actions. Working thus in
tandem, we create nightmares that even the most Fog-be-
fuddled account executive can't explain away.

Changelings

Of all the aliens, we share the most with these creatures.
We are cut from the same cloth, we suffer from the same
wounds, and we bear some of the same grievances against Fog-
tidden humanity. Their whimsical natures and childish de-
meanors can be aggravating, however, and too often are good
for nothing more than a moment's entertainment. We have
solidified alliances with two of their breeds, however; those
called the eshu and the sluagh. Both are worth the effort of
cultivating a friendship, and they are our strongest allies in
the Skinlands.

There is the darker kind of fae (bullies, you might say)
who are exceedingly willing to enter into minor alliances with
us, but whose true intentions are clouded. Deal with the darker

as pr malt peor, _ ys = pps ye on
SSM iran Op ie" (Oy S SE) ne
my —_ = MOS, AN & ca
= SS PONS Or A i:

ones only if you have to; otherwise, be diplomatic in your
response when they seek you out. Insulting them will lead to
confrontation, as their honor is cut easily, and they'll not suf-
fer that wound lightly.

Benandanti

These we have saved for last, for surprisingly, through the

' centuries they have remained the greatest threat to the Haunt-

ers that the Skinlands have to offer. Most of the Benandanti are

more curious about our nature than actually threatening, but

in this case the exception is more important than the rule. You

see, there are those among the Caul-born called the Dannati

who have sworn to destroy all wraiths, and have specifically
targeted us for our aggressive acts against the living.

Have you wondered why we do not haunt in the pres-
ence of "reputable" parapsychologists? It would make sense,
wouldn't it, to haunt the so-called "experts." After all, once
the "experts" had evidence, the rest of humanity would be-
lieve in us as well, wouldn't they? It's a tempting opportunity
to speed up our work — too tempting.

Really, you'd be amazed at how many ghost-hunters and
parapsychologists are really Dannati, or affiliated with them. These
vicious frauds are the reason one should never haunt one loca-
tion for an extended period of time, or even on a regular basis.
Wherever we manifest, they follow us with their damned fennel
blades in hand, sending all before them into Oblivion's maw.

—

~

£2) 7d, He is fighting back tears as the bot of
the roaches falls from. the- wall and :
Storm, of carcasses, Their last sente
stand?
Hed

P;
yee His gun, two bullets remaining, fds ths way #6 his mouth. His | i)
lps port aganst Fhe cold barrel, end then, Hhereis one bullet left:

i

}
7 ‘ore pleasant dreams, and fhrerete 16 esdve time-+o

son SR 4 Q

Chapter One: The Guild 25



Chapter Two:
=

‘ asler of ight
ut rent Chris: does wet 6 vy, the promise,
yes hie ocen te: truth, end

ever be, 20d he thew a :
sais Chris dares b baphemy and i a . 4

a Yes; the jae whispers. = Chris wraps hin self up: ‘phils ole ond: we vnaer ee bed. The ne
a told embrace, but Chris does not mba. T, The cold soothes ‘the bi :


hris lies beneath the bed, wrapped in his
blanket and surrounded by an entity that
has never hurt him. He stares at the bot-
4\ tom of the box-spring, but in the dark-
a] ness, he's not sure it's there until tiny
glowing scratches appear on its underside.
~ The scribbles take the shape of dancing
stickmen, and their names appear below their forms. This
does not frighten Chris, however; it is comforting to be lost
in the story he makes up to fit the pictures. "Once upon a
time, in a faraway land...."

Once Upon a Time.....dnal. yawaraf ani

"\,. There was a huge kingdom. It had no wars, and every-
body liked each other. There were also two cities, separated by a
river, and a big bridge used by people to visit each other. One
day, the river got bigger and nastier and washed away the bridge.
The two cities couldn't see each other anymore, and both places
grew sad because they couldn't visit each other."

What do we care of history? It might as well be a fairy
tale. Our past has rarely mirrored the'cycle of humanity, and
our exploits were barely touched upon during the age of leg-
ends. What you are reading is not so much our history as/it.is
our perspective on past events, an essay of sorts.

Now we all know that there was a time when the Shroud
was but a thin sheet of gauze stretched between the worlds;no
more an inconvenience to cross than plunging one's hand into
a pool of water. Death was regarded as'a period of transition, a
moment of sleep before the soul was free to wander. In those
days, we wraiths were appreciated as guiding spirits. We com-
forted the living into believing there was a continuation of
existence, not an abrupt end to everything. A belief in us was
a belief in a sort of immortality by our actions; our presence let
them know that the soul lasted forever. We were needed.

As various religions grew to have stronger influences on
humanity's collective psyche, however, the notion of reward-
ing the "good" and torturing the "evil" after death became
widely accepted. It was only common sense, really. How else
were gods expected to keep worshippers in line? But we were
caught up in the middle of this change, and we did not see
where it was leading until it was too late. The realms of the
afterlife became crowded with camps of ancient heavens and
hells. We, of course, were caught right in the middle;
humanity's need to be given a bone for obeying whatever re-
ligion patted it on the collective head didn't take ghosts into

28 Guildbook: Haunters

account. Our presence, however, presented some people with
serious doubts as to this entire reward-based philosophy, but
clerics swiftly rectified that little conundrum. Having obvi-
ously never seen nor heard of these supposed paradises here
on our side (and believe me, we looked), by these mortals'
reckoning we were lost souls, trapped in a nether-realm,
doomed to wander forever without rest because of some earthly
transgression: Others of our kind throughout Africa and the
Orient were described as evil spirits, hellbent on misleading
the foolish, aswell as acquiring their children and virgins.

Now admittedly, there were some who helped to spawn
these legends through their brutal activities, but that sort of
behavior certainly was not the case for the majority of us.
Still, the stories grew, and the fears of the living grew with
them. Prompted by fear of our presence, and by the need to
know that something better existed, humans began to distance
themselves from us. Mere post-mortem existence wasn't
enough for them anymore, the greedy bastards. The Shroud
grew stronger and stronger, and none of us could do anything
to stop it. Thus, this fabric between the worlds became the
target of our ire, along, of course, with the wretched mortals
who unknowingly began to block us out.

There Lived a Hero
orell divil a sal ereb

"But along came this hero from the second city, and he gath-

~ered all his knights, and they decided to rebuild the bridge. So the

hero sent all his men to look for wood and tools, and they looked for
along time."

Charon never liked to admit this, but we had a purpose
before the name Guild was given proper sanction and later
rescinded, and before Charon made the Shadowlands into
his own private empire. We were originally formed from a
handful of wraiths who tasked themselves with storming the
walls of the Shroud and breaching its defenses. In our respec-
tive regions, and individually, we began to probe the Shroud's
strengths and weaknesses, and quickly ascertained that at
certain areas and times, it was weaker than normal. By this
point, individuals began to band together, lending support to
one another while pursuing a shared agenda. Small Circles of
wraiths throughout Egypt, Greece, Canaan, Babylon and Af-
tica enlisted more members to their cause and established
lines of communications with another. The first, tentative
alliances took form. While it took several years, we eventu-
ally concluded that the living somehow reinforced the slowly
coalescing Shroud, keeping us out. We were determined to
get revenge for being shut away, but had little idea how to go
about achieving such. Then, a path manifested itself.

=P r = Sy
Sigal =~ gop Mi °

Birth of Haunting gnitnual! fo nedruB

Freelance hauntings had already begun, admittedly, be-
fore we conceived of the notion. They were tools used by
frustrated wraiths who blamed their condition on some griev-
ous wrong, imagined or otherwise, committed by their fami-
lies. The Fog barely touched the minds of the living in those
days, so these hauntings were well-remembered and passed
along. The tradition of telling ghost stories began in this fash-
ion, as groups of people, huddled by the security of a bonfire,
retold personal and secondhand accounts of brushes with the
supernatural, It was at these moments that the living were
Most receptive to us; it was at these gatherings that our power
was strongest. Humanity was subconsciously strengthening
the gossamer wisp that would one day become the Shroud,
but our continued influence on people through direct inter-
vention (haunting, you fool) served to weaken the barrier
even as it was built.

It wasn't enough for us, though. A tale only traveled so
far and lived only as long as the tale-teller's memory. We
needed to make our hauntings legend; we needed a way to let
the influence of each banshee howl echo down the ages. Luck
smiled on us, though; the means to our end was discovered
through the expression of written documents. For uncounted
decades, humans transcribed their folklore onto clay and pa-
pyrus, immortalizing gods, heroes and demons. Why should
they not immortalize us, as well?

And so we set to work. Tales of unearthly encounters and
journeys found their way into Herodotus' History, Homer's Od-
yssey, The Epic of Gilgamesh and the Akkadians' The Descent of
Ishtar into'the Underworld. With this record of our deeds, we
made a fascinating discovery: In the minds.of the masses, the
written word became proof. Once a scribe, no matter how lowly
or insane, put something down in words, his scribblings acquired
a legitimacy because of the simple fact that they were concrete.

The premier Circle of that time, the Athenians who
called themselves Pandora Skia, seized upon that notion and
disseminated it to every clutch of Haunters they could find,
for a revelation had seized them. If tales of our hauntings could
be immortalized as truth in the minds of the living forever-
more, then they would always believe. They would always be...
open... to our ministrations. They would help us back into a
world where the living and the dead walked as one.

Thus began the widespread haunting of the living for the
express purpose of the greater good. Despite our shared vision
of returning to the lands of the living (and, some already whis-
pered, of returning to life itself), we were still scattered through-
out the ancient world, and took our form and names from the
folklore of our breathing days. In ancient Egypt, hoary priests
mistook us for Shai or "Destiny," the shadow-god who was
born at the same moment as each individual, grew up along-
side him, and was present at his death when Osiris weighed


\)
ik

ZA

GY

SSUSEN

Le

ida
yy)

ll G

.

CZ

7

!)

y))

S

My

ZB
c\

S Lito -

C

(

a7,

SS

WSs

——
3 —
>

Ne

SS)

S
a7.
EN

aS

et

(
RING

\

‘ Sy

VY
Gj

\\\

SIREN

his heart. In Assyria and Babylon, we were Edimmu, the souls
of those who had been improperly buried and who tormented
the living in revenge. In Greece, alliances such as Pandora
Skia and the Bacchaens were called Shades, spirits angered
by improper funerary rites. While the stories surrounding us
were never exactly positive, at least'they told our tales and
thus remembered us.

And at Evil Monster. -norah(

"One ‘day, while the hero was away
searching for wood to build the bridge, an evil
monster came to the second city. His name was
Charon, and he captured everyone with his evil
magic. He gathered his army of boat-monsters,
and went on the river kidnapping people from
their families if they didn't pay him. The hero
came back home one day and found that his fam-
ily were slaves. He promised to stop the evil
Charon, but didn't know how."

Imagine our anger when we, wraiths who

had survived the growing horrors of the Un-
derworld for centuries, were faced with an up-
start child named Charon who told us that he
was our hope. He warned us of dangers we had
already confronted; he asked us to form a,band
when we already had; then-he had the nerve to
call us Renegades for failing tovtheed:the warn-
ings we ourselves had already ‘given-to-others.
This self-appointed messiah was powerful, we will
admit that, but he had no interest in returning to
the breathing world. Insréad, itwas his self-pro-
claimed "destiny" to guide others to safety.

We avoided him and his precious band of sail-
ors. Their thinly disguised attempts to extort pay-
ment were reprehensible to us. In the meanwhile,
we still sought ways to diminish the barrier, but the

Ny K Shroud was growing faster than we could tear it
2y

e < \\) \\ down. We needed alternate measures, and the sug-

\\ \\ gestion was put forward to develop our "special"

d hy skills in a way that could aid us in our quest.

\Y yb!
SZ

Ze _ The Quest tseueR

A= "The-hero and his knights knew that to beat

Charon, they. needed-a magical sword. So they
began traveling around the world.to find the sword
they wanted, but they found a lot that weren't
right. Then, one day, the hero saw'Charon enter
his secret palace underground, and he followed
him. The hero found a dungeon where Charon

yt)

)


was keeping a huge dragon named the
Wyld as prisoner. The Wyld had a mil-
lion eyes, and it was huge, bigger then
the palace. The hero couldn't free the
dragon, but the Wyld gave him the magi-
cal sword and all his eyes so that he could
see the outside world."

The search for a new Arcanos —
or at least a new way of using what
we already knew — began. Our alli-
ances reestablished contact with one
another in an effort to pool our re-
sources, but the process was slow. Al-
ready groups of wraiths had gathered
into Circles based on-the powers they
possessed, We, however, had been
united by temperament long before
others were joined by shared skills.
Our members studied under yarious
teachers, learning different arts and
trying to redirect their purpose, but
the going was difficult.

Eventually, we heard that several
of our associates tucked into Western
Europe had expanded on certain arts
that could affect the world of the
Quick. It was the beginning of some-
thing big, we knew, and we all dedi-
cated our attention to following up the
discoveries that flowed from this new
research. The initial reports were
promising. Researchers had learned to
reach across into the ephemeral lands
and move things that previously our
hands had passed through. Eventually,
we hoped, the power to move objects
could become advanced enough to
manipulate the Shroud as well as those
obj

s that lay across it.

However, it was not to be. The
research into the Areanos later
known as Outrage progressed rapidly,
but in a predictable direction. While

the first arts showed much promise, the later ones were built
from the success of the first, and therefore suffered from its
limitations. Outrage simply became a means to affect the liv-
ing world, and not the Shroud as we had hoped.

Our discovery of the Wylding itself is shrouded in mys-
tery. What we have been told is this: One of our members, a
lad who called himself Theseus (after the hero of legend), fol-
lowed Charon, hoping he would reveal the source of his pow-
ers. Theseus followed Charon for nine days and nights, until

Pandora Skia wodahs s arodnap

Our first triumph should have been
one of the sends of a haunt-
Ing in history, but sadly, it 1s only re-
membered as an allegory for the sins of
the world. The haunting of a beauti-
ful, but vain woman named Pandora
was the first deliberate effort made by
a Circle of wraiths to weaken the slowly
coalescing Shroud. The haunting was
meant to test the boundaries of the na-
scent barrier's strength by localizing the
effects of various Arcanoi into one con-
centrated area. For this purpose, the
wraiths manifested their abilities
through an ornate wooden chest In
Pandora's possession, using it as a fo-
cus of sorts to create a multitude of ef-

fects using the predecessors of Moliate,

Keening and Embody.

The result was enough to drive
Pandora insane, but the misconcep-
tions of the living as to what had oc-
curred fogged the observations of the
Haunters involved to a point where the
information was useless. The focus of
the story became Pandora herself (as
an allegory for the "misdeeds" of
women), while the wraiths who com-
mitted the haunting were lost in the
legacy of her supposed mistake (henc
the name of the alliance responsible for
this act, Pandora Skia, or those who
were lost in the shadow of Pandora's
fame). Many Haunters relish the irony,
however, that the last thing supposedly
remaining in Pandora's box of woes was
hope. It is a quality the Guild believes
it appreciates more than the Quick do.

This we believe.

the Imperator of Stygia came to the
place we call the Veinous Stair. In-
credulous, Theseus saw the Ferry-
man descend.

In future accounts, Charon
claimed that he was guided to the
Stair's threshold by the mysteri-
ous "Lady of Fate," but we know
better. The stairs were chiseled
from the bloody-veined stone;
therefore they were built by hu-
man hands. Malfeans had gnawed
away the stuff of Oblivion into the
Labyrinth; what use had they for
stairs? On the other hand, Charon
knew the location of the Veinous
Stair. How? Simple. He had been
to the Labyrinth before, and had
hewed the steps for his own uses.

Theseus followed Charon
into the Labyrinth, skulking on
the fringes of the Ferryman's
lantern's glow, and discovered the

Ferryman was allowed to pass
freely. Charon, it seemed, was al-
lied with the Spectres, and in
course of his service to them, he
was given a slave named Nhudri
to craft Artifacts for his pleasure.

At this juncture, Theseus was
discovered, and he fled into the
Labyrinth. After getting thor-
oughly lost in the winding maze of
tunnels, he discovered the Wyld
slumbering in a vast chamber, and
realized that Charon was keeping
this, the true power of the Under-
world, to himself. Theseus roused
the imprisoned Wyld from its sleep,
and then offered to free the great
dragon from its prison if it would
give him the power to escape the
Shadowlands forever. The Wyld

told Theseus it was not ready to escape yet, but it would give
him a gift. In exchange for this kernel of knowledge, Theseus,
and all who learned the gift, would become that aspect of the
Wyld that could not exist in the Shadowlands, the aspect of
change and possibility. Without hesitating, Theseus accepted
this arrangement in an agreement called the Covenant, and
was given what he called the Wyld's eye — the Wylding. At
that moment Pandemonium was born.

The Wyld in the Shadowlands sdnalwodahs eht fo
iW eb

From: Tare

To: Dr. Shudder

Re: What the Heck Is Going On
Attached Pages: 1

Doc

Here's the comb ination of what | dug up in Mabclusus' old notes and
my own research. |d estimate at least a 30% bullshit content, but
It's an interesting start.

Oh, end I got the prelim results back from the work group over in
Sunderland, They said forget ob out even trying to quantify the
Wyld over here: tt just aint gonna happen, If it is here, it's diffuse,
not concrete, and there's no way to get @ hold of or even measure it.
If th isn here, we have to go rewrite the history books again,
Such Is death,

Tare

Things come to the Shadowlands to watch
their memories fade away. It is the world's
graveyard and imperfect reflection all rolled
into one. Whatever is destroyed in the
Skinlands, save for vegetation and animals,
appears as a spent shadow of its true self on
the opposite side of the Shroud. As unusual
as it seems, this also holds true for the
creative energy of the Wyld.

As the Wyrm continues its rampage in the
living world, it devours and thus slays any-
thing in its path. As a result, the purely
dynamic Wyld is being destroyed all across
the world by the Wyrm's actions. Such large
portions of the Wyld are being annihilated
that shadowy fragments of its bulk are mani-
festing in the Underworld, though they soon
spend themselves and burn out into Oblivion.

_-And They Lived Happily Ever After ret
revE sretnual! ei. devil yeh] dnd...

"With his magical sword, the hero found Charon and beat
him. Without their leader, the evil boat-people ran away, never to
return, and Charon was put in prison on an island. The hero used
the magic sword to make a new bridge across the river, and the two
cities lived happily ever after."

Chris drowsily finishes his story and drifts off to sleep, his
tears long since dry. Around him the darkness continues to
sing soothing lullabies. It will watch over Chris all night; after
all, It made a promise. It had been planning to keep its other
promise, the one involving Chris' father, but that can wait.

There's always tomorrow night. And soon, Chris will

learn that, too.

32 Guildbook: Haunters

Even in this reduced state, however, the Wyld
strives instinctively to change itself as a
matter of self-preservation. Alas, here it
discovers that it cannot. This frustration
has created a need for the Wyld to express
itself somehow, engendering an emotional reso-
mance of anger and frustration in wraiths
unfortunate (or fortunate) enough to be caught
up in it.

Some Haunters even claim that as the Wyld
is a master of survival, the emotional echo
that it creates is merely an aspect of its
adaptive qualities, an effort to tuck bits
of itself into spirits that will live on.
The more wraiths who carry bits of the Wylding
in them, the more of the Wylding that sur-
vives, even if one carrier falls to Oblivion.
Others claim that the Wyld wants to rescue
its deceased portions, and is simply using
the Haunters in a vast reclamation project.

In any case, Pandemonium would seem to be
a manifestation of the Wyld's attempts to
break free from the Shadowlands. The Haunt-
ers, too, are attempting to free themselves
from the Underworld, and it is this shared
sentiment for which the Wyld would seem to
have deemed the Guild worthy of its gifts.
How the Guild's members came to possess a
portion of the Wyld within themselves is un-
known, but the theories are diverse (depend-
ing on which alliance one speaks with). Some
believe that Moliate was used to fuse the
Haunters and the Wyld together, while others
claim it was the use of Phantasm that brought
it into proto-Haunters' dreams. What is known,
however, is that Haunters are essentially
the conduit through which the Wyld manifests
its nature in the Underworld. They are fac-
ets of its chaotic vibrancy and the expres-
sion of its pent-up frustration at the mere
existence of Shadowlands and their darker
cousins. What results, then, is a truce: The
Haunters serve as the anchor that prevents
the Wyld from slipping into Oblivion, and
the Wyld becomes the tool the Haunters need to
pierce the Shroud.

Beginning Thoughts

There is much in both our history and our ambitions that
remains unresolved. We maintain our struggle to pierce the
Shroud and bring it crashing down (to the thunderous ap-

plause of all wraiths), but it is still a long, slow process. Some

Haunters, dissatisfied with our progress, have made the accu-
sation that the creation of the Haunters Guild drew our at-
tention away from our ultimate goal, but | say these wraiths

have not yet studied our history well enough.

The Conclave emaG no¢ eh]

The need to establish ourselves as a Guild derived from

several sources. We were not interested in becoming "offi-


i cag GO ARES. Op i Giro)
eit ie ee
c ; acl " scenel HH Ka

cially" recognized, since our actions spoke for the validation
of our goals. There was a need, though, to pull the disparate
alliances together to pool our knowledge, to disseminate
knowledge of Pandemonium properly, and to direct our pur-
suits in order to make them more effective. Besides, had we
not done that, rumors abounded that the newly formed Proc-
tors (an alliance we thought we could trust) were attempting
to demarcate both Embody and Pandemonium as their own
Arcanoi. We later discovered that the Proctors tried to es-
tablish themselves as the only Guild who would have deal-
ings with the Skinlands (a move which robbed them of valu-
able support in the years to come, as neither wenor the Pup-
peteers were impressed). Pressed on by this imperative, sev-
eral attempts by individual alliances to gain Guild status as
masters of Wylding failed, their efforts sabotaged by other fac-
tions who wanted the same thing. This nearly shattered the
delicate web of treaties and nonaggression pacts/between the
different alliances, and foreed the formation of the first
Haunter Conclave. The brainchild of Sweet Sorrow, a woman
already recognized as the Grandmother of Pandemoniufi (it
was she who brought Theseus' story to us), the Covenant
brought together the major Pandemonium-using alliances in
order to give us a unified face and voice. It was said that nearly
20 groups came to the Conclave, setting off a week of deals,
promises and haggling. By the end of it, the alliances were
ready to call themselves a united Guild, with Midian (new
leader of Pandora Skia) as Guildmaster. Sweet Sorrow refused
the position after it was originally offered to her, preferring to
accept a role as Midian's advisor.

Sibling Rivalry yrlaviR enilevins

The greatest disappointment of the Conclave came when
the alliance representing the practitioners of Outrage went
their own way to form the Guild of Spooks. Despite the close
ties that the Spooks maintained with assorted alliances, they
believed that the Conclave was_not taking intoyaccount a
single one of their interests or skills. Many alliance represen-
tatives already felt that Outrage was a useless déad end, and
were not quiet about their opinion. Unjustly, they transferred
this disdain to Outrage's practitioners as well.

The Spooks tried to make the separation amicable, but
we did not. Those of us who chose to remain Haunters took
the matter of their leaving as a personal affront, and-we_uti-
lized the same tactics the Proctors used when they tried to
convince the other Guilds that we were not Guild material.
We did our best to harass the Spooks in order to prove to
them they could not do without us. We slandered them in
public forums, offered them little respect and even less sup-
port, and did everything we could to force them to come crawl-
ing back to us.

It was only when the Artificers officially recognized the
Spooks as a Guild that we realized the depth of our error.

Only when confronted by the possibility of losing our former

compatriots as friends and allies (and to the hated soulforgers! )

did we finally see our mistake. In truth, Outrage was a useful
Arcanos, and we needed the Spooks a great deal more than
they needed us. We were severely lacking in allies (a result of
the Proctors' smear campaign against us) and even more im-
portantly, friends. Had we lost the Spooks once and for all,
we might not have survived.

So, we humbled ourselves. In a show of great and public
humility, we apologized for our actions, and tried our best to
make it up to the Spooks (individually and as a Guild). Even-
tually, they forgave us, though I suspect that some still harbor
a thorn of animosity toward us for betraying their trust.

War and Peace secei? niall

The War of the Guilds might have come as a complete
shock to us (hardly surprising as we were so focused on our

Witchcraft tfarchcihtW

While we do c
the individual accomplishments, the exploits that are re-
d by ourselves and the Quick alike. The wraiths

brate our past, we appreciate most
member:
responsible for these stories are our heroes; their tales are
the reflection of ourselves and our struggles.

One such tale was the Bell Witch haunting, events
which were categorized as "poltergeist activity." A Ci
of wraiths, including several Haunters and a Spook, coor-
dinated their efforts to haunt the home of John Bell of

Al-

though this incident is regarded as a "classic case" by ghost-

Robertson County, Tennessee, in the early 1800s

hunters the world over, the events of the three-year haunt-
ing are too numerous to recount here. A short list of the
acts perpetrated by the Circle included; unexplained noises,
the appearance of mysterious animals, rappings, slaps,
pinches, fainting spells and other mysterious ailments in-
flicted on the members of the Bell household, and un-
earthly voices. The haunting finally culminated in the
death of John Bell at the hands of the Circle; he ingested
a dark-colored liquid that he believed was medicine but
which in fact was a fatal poison. Many Haunters, includ-
ing myself, are of the suspicion that the transmutation of
Jrarmless medicine into something else may have been the
{product of a new Wylding art similar to "Bite Me," the
details of which have not yet been divulged.

Following this incident, the local Hierarchy troops
captured the offending Circle and forged them to the very
last member for breaking the Dictum Mortuum. Needless
to say, this did nothing to improve our opinion of the dema-

gogue Charon, or his organization.

Chapter Two: History 33

ee ea ii
Fue tn ep = of ry ee Hib ale


own agenda) had the Spooks not warned
us of the Artificers' attempts to position
‘themselves as head Guild. The dispar-
Bem ate wills of the alliances reared their
WY heads in the matter, and a second Con-
clave was called to ascertain how the
Haunters wanted to approach the new
problem. It was generally agreed that the
Artificers should not be allowed to as-
sume primacy, but exact methods for
dealing with their claim were a matter
of contention. Eventually, it was put
forth by Sweet Sorrow that in light of so
many differing opinions, each alliance
® should approach the matter in its own way,
so long as no one supported the Artificers
or brought harm to the Haunters as a
group or individually.

What happened next was complete
chaos. Many alliances made it a point to
attack Proctor interests, ignoring the Artifi-
cers completely, while others did their best to
7 haunt the Quick allies of the soulforgers. Teams
of Spooks, Monitors and Haunters went after Fet-
ters of enemies, doing their utmost to destroy or
at least damage them, while some of us began
haunting the Artificers themselves, interrupting
forge-work and ruining the creation of Artifacts.
Whenever the Artificers tried to place blame
on us, however, our excuse was, "Pardon, but that
was not my alliance responsible for that unfortu-
nate accident. Try the Followers of Discord; this
sounds like their handiwork." Of course, the Fol-
s of Discord had disbanded and vanished several

% lowe:
years back, but we did not bother telling the other
Guilds that. The Artificers responded to our claims of
innocence by forging whatever Haunters they could catch
and siccing their allies on our nascent Circles. Attri-
tion was high, and we had not nearly enough allies.
s\ Unfortunately, the war came to an end with the
Artificers in the position they had originally cov-
eted. Their losses had been great, but ours had been
greater. The one lesson we did learn from the entire
affair, however, was that dedication to our pursuit did
not mean we had to be blinded by it. We had to be-
come more aware of the games being played around
us if we were to survive them.

The Breaking nekor® elf

With Stygia reeling from the "First Abomination"
— the Renegade assault on the Onyx Tower in the
early 1500s — the Compact of Guilds felt it was time

to topple the foundations of the Hier-
archy. Our involvement in the at-
tempted coup d'etat of April 6th, 1598,
however, came not from the Artificers'
oh-so-compelling argument for Guild su-
premacy over Stygia, but from within our
own ranks. We were leery of the Artificers
to begin with, and their whole plan seemed
like a convenient way for them to seize
power while using us as cannon fodder. We
agreed with the notion that the Hierarchy
had to be toppled, but the candidates for the
mantle of leadership were less than appealing.

A third Conclave was finally called (the
last one to date), to discuss the matter. As
usual, the Conclave, rather than unite opin- 4
ion, served only to polarize it further. \
There were endless hours of debate, back ¥ oh
and forth, pro and con, and at the end we . Sf
found ourselves still undecided. The mat- '
ter had almost reached a terminal impasse when
the Dantes, a young alliance within the Haunters,
stepped forward with a proposal. Having maintained
powerful ties to Heretical groups such as the Fish-
ers, the Dantes suggested that we support the Artifi-
cers' attempts to usurp Charon's rule, then step in af-
terward (with the help of the Fishers and Spooks) and
destroy the soulforgers. We may not have cared who
ended up ruling Stygia, but we were certain that it
shouldn't be the Hierarchy or the Artificers.

Sweet Sorrow was the first to support the idea, fol-
lowed (grudgingly) by Midian and the other alliance lead-
ers. Our hesitation in this matter, | am told, came from
the sheer ambiguity of the entire situation — and our
putative allies. The Fishers, who agreed to assist us when
the time came, were not exactly a known or even desir-
able quantity; what if they turned on us instead of the
Artificers? Additionally, most Haunters were uncom-
fortable with assuming any sort of a political stance
to begin with. What swayed most of us into the pro-
revolt camp was Sweet Sorrow's support of the
Dantes' plan, support which, in hindsight, looks
somewhat out of character for her.

Needless to say, the "Second Abomination"
(the coup) was a failure from its onset. The Usu-
rers and Masquers abandoned the fight for their
own reasons, the Artificers had the other Guilds
doing most of the dirty work (straining the unity of
the already-tenuous rebellion), and arguments con-
stantly erupted over the division of spoils not yet
won. We never had occasion to implement our pri-


The fae riaf eb

Following the Breaking, the Haunters began looking
to the Skinlands for answers. If the Shroud could not be

pierced from this side, some of us reasoned, then perhaps

the answer lay on the other side of the barrier. Our search
quickly led to the re-discovery of changelings. (I say re-dis-
covery because our efforts were so focused on the Quick
that we did not notice how other supernatural beings were
faring in the world.) An event the fae refer to as the Shat-
tering had foreed many of them to either flee this world, or
remain hidden from the soul-scouring effects of something
they
solely bent on mayhem, and therefor

lled Banality. Unlike their predecessors (who seemed
garded us as prime
targets for their jokes), these fae were in need of allies in a
world that was rapidly growing cold around them. Unlike
most of the wraiths they encountered, however, we held a
seed of the Wyldin,

within us glowed like'a spark to them, and they warmed to
it. We, in turn, were attracted to their wondrous Arts, and

certain appeal to these lost souls. T)

felt a kinship based on our mutual isolation from the places

we desperately wanted to be. For these reasons, we have

always made it a point to maintain contact with the fae.
Not all changelings are our allies, mind you, for some

have proven too haughty or whimsical for our tastes. We

vate coup using the Fishers, and in truth, we were somewhat
relieved that we never tried.

As you know, the attempted overthrow of the Hierarchy
failed miserably, and Charon's edict broke the Guilds. What
happened afterward, however, was the interesting part. The
Fishers, at the behest of the Dantes, used their underground
railroad and network of safe Haunts to hide many Haunters
and Spooks. Because of théir efforts, a large portion of our Guild
membership escaped the Hierarchy's purges, and this is adebt
that has never been forgotten. As we Haunters look back on
our history, we realize that we escaped from the events of A.D.
1598 relatively unscathed. Certainly the Breaking affected us,
but many Haunters believe being exiled from Stygia allowed
us to become unfettered from the political intrigue that was

diverting us from our true pursuit: the destruction of the Shroud.

Bring in the Hunters tru! eht no gnirB

Very few events have impacted the Guild as a whole, save
for momentous occasions such as the Covenant with Wylding,
the Conclave and the Breaking. However, our efforts were
completely undermined by a half-millennium of witchcraft

scares, and as such, we were little more than a hazy construct

in the minds of mortals. Despite the fact that we were a part of
the Compact of the Guilds, our standing within it was always

36 Guildbook: Haunters

ee us

occasionally speak with the pooka (and have yet to get the
ask wh

animal's ears). They seem eager to help us with hauntir

same explanation twice when W they posse S
and have proven quite ingenious with their shapeshifting
and confidence trickery. They are too unpredictable, how-
ever. Mostly, we are friends with the fae known as the eshu
and the sluagh.

The eshu are traveling storytellers. As such, we enjoy
the tales they share with us, and they listen to the ones we
relate of the world they cannot see (the Shadowlands). I've
heard tell that they think of us as an infinite source of se-
quels. So be it.

The ‘sluagl

living wraiths — quiet, mysterious (possessing an almost

on the other hand, are best described as

ephemeral quality). and denizens of places that seem to be
neither here nor there. Our strongest ties with the fae are
with the sluagh, our friendship being based on the exchange
of secrets. | would warrant that these cold faeries now know
more about the Shadowlands than many wraiths do. The
sluagh are also collectors of unusual knick-kr ks, some-
thing we can appreciate because of the rarity of such things
in our existence. These points of mutual understanding

helped foster a.quiet respect between the Haunters and the

sluagh.

dubious due to mistrust, or because all our efforts involved a
rather blatant disregard for the Dictum Mortuum. To make
matters worse, Our activities began to attract the attention of
ghost-hunters like the Dannati of the Benandanti. As soon as
the witch-hunters came calling, the other Guilds distanced
themselves from us because we made "dangerous allies." The
potential threat from some ragtag mortals was all the excuse
they needed to throw us to the wolves.

One of the prime examples of this was the case known
as the Drummer of Tedworth. In 1662, a traveling performer
— still living, mind you — named William Drury was ar-
rested for forgery in the English town of Tedworth, and his
drum was confiscated. Upon his release, he began "haunt-
ing" the residence of John Mompesson, the presiding judge
at his trial, by making loud noises and generally being anti-
social. This activity gained Drury some notoriety, and at-
tracted the attention of a Circle of Haunters who approved
of his actions. The Circle devoted its efforts to "assisting"
him by doing the things he could not: tossing furniture
around, upending bedclothes and chamber pots, etc. Drury
panicked and fled when he realized that he was no longer
responsible tor the events taking place around him, and the
Mompessons destroyed his drum, believing it to be the source
of their problems. The destruction of the drum merely made
it into a relic for the Haunters, and aggravated the situa-
tion. For a while, all was well.


Unfortunately, the events in Tedworth attracted the at-
tention of Chaplain Joseph Glanville, a witchcraft investiga-
tor. Unlike others of his ilk, however, Joseph was intelligent,
not given to hysteria, patient in his observations and a mem-
ber of the Dannati. During the course of his investigation, he
quietly and methodically eliminated the offending Haunters.
This became the first of many incidents that has set us and
the Dannati at war across the Shroud.

Golden Age ee ebilluc

Without a doubt, the 19th century was our heyday. The
paranoia of the witch-hunts (and the fear of all things oc-
cult) finally died down, and our exploits were ours (not the
Devil's) once again. The British Empire choked in the grip of
Victorianism, and our existence brought about the religious
movement known as spiritualism. Penny novels and Christ-
mas tales recounted our brand of terror, and finally, the Soci-
ety for Psychical Research in Britain (and its American coun-
terpart) emerged to study our kind. It appeared as though our
efforts to change the perceptions of the Quick had finally
succeeded.

The Victorian era was also a time of charlatans and fakes
who purported the ability to speak with spirits, and profited

nicely from this "ability." Many Haunters looked upon these
deceivers as "cushions." We haunted and manifested around
them frequently, or amplified their pitiful effects to enhance
their claims. This may have seemed odd, considering we nor-
mally liked having the credit of paranormal activities attrib-
uted to us. The issue here, however, was not credit, but safety.
The Dannati had acquired a frightening proficiency at hunt-
ing down and destroying incautious or ostentatious Haunt-
ers. Admittedly, Pandemonium is one of the most flamboy-
ant of the Arcanoi, but we suspect that someone led the hunt-
ers to us (the Proctors, most likely, though we have yet been
able to prove such a connection). We therefore used skinbag
tricksters and fakes as dupes. We found mediums and
sensitives, helped them authenticate their claims by provid-
ing industrial-strength light and magic, and then left the mo-
ment someone appeared to challenge our dupes' "powers."
Dannati posing as "investigators of the supernatural" and "psy-
chic detectives" thus uncovered countless frauds, but nary a
single Haunter. Mediums were debunked as fakes and charla-
tans, and the Dannati lost our scent.

Unfortunately, this tactic proved to be a short-sighted
mistake with long-reaching consequences. As a result of our
little deception, people decided to treat all supernatural events
as trickery of some sort. We learned this, to our sorrow, at the

ay, = Fm v2 es eS a TA
tp k oe y
r Sw inl SES gto gee
Hydesville haunting of 1848 and its attendant "rapping Phooey.

ghosts."

I can assure you, by the way, that the adjective is not
used in the context of modérn music. The phenomenon
known as rapping is defined as when hovering spirits suppos-
edly communicate by making rapping sounds. While the
Hydesville haunting was not the first time that this form of
dialogue was‘used (the so-called "Bell Witch incident" also
involved communication through knocking), it garnered un-
precedented exposure when Maggie and Kate Fox exhibited
the ability to communicate with the ghosts. Of
course, we heard about the supposed supernatu-
ral activities taking place at the Fox home, and
in turn, began enhancing the "haunting" of
the sisters with Wylding. Only when the Fox
siblings became public celebrities did we
withdraw our presence. The girls' noto-
riety was sure to draw the attention
of the Dannati.

The events at Hydesville were
later declared to be a hoax (sur-
prise, surprise) perpetrated by the
Fox sisters, originally intended to
scare their mother, and then as a
money-making scheme under the
direction of their older sister,
Leah. Despite this, the Fox sis-
ters' reputed ability to commu-
nicate with spirits became the
catalyst for the movement called
spiritualism, a quasi-religious be-
lief in the spirit world and ghosts.

Spiritualism unlocked all sorts of doors for wraiths in
general, but for us (and those ridiculous Proctors) in particu-
lar. Humans were out-and-out inviting us into some of the
best parlors and company of the day, granting us amazing
opportunities. (Of course, the flip side was that we ended up
patronizing Masquers extensively as a result. After all, it
wouldn't do for us to materialize underdressed now, would
it?)

It became fashionable for mortals to believe in ghosts, have
seances, and so on. Leading artists, socialites and even occa-
sional political figures gave the movement further credence,
which drove the Hierarchy batty. And despite those staid bas-
tards' best attempts to shut the whole thing down, study of the
"other world" enjoyed something like true legitimacy among
the living. It was a golden time, and it produced some wonder-
ful talents and stories. Some of the mediums of that time are
even studied today, by whatever would-be "spirit guides" that
are still running around out there. From the 1850s right up
through the 1930s, it was a remarkable time to be dead. Things
were going our way at last. The Shroud was weakening, the
Quick had enlisted in the fight to bring it down, and then?

38 Guildbook: Haunters

Have you ever been to a party where the food was won-
derful, the conversation was enthralling, and everyone was
having a ball, up until the point when some jerk crashes the
gate and pisses in the punchbowl? That was how spiritualism
ended — skinbag stupidity and greed ruined a wonderful party.
Whether it was the bored housewives and gigolos claiming
that the "spirits" were telling them to get drunk and sleep
around, frauds who bilked grieving families for everything they
had, or hunters like the Dannati driving us
away from our best mortal allies, the
damned skinbags ruined it for ev-
eryone. They ruined it for them-
selves, for the aliens, and most
of all, for us. Bastards.

Spiritualism
mostly wound down
in the 1930s, but it is
still practiced in
churches throughout
the United States and
South America to
this day. It is in these
places of congrega-
tion that the
Shroud is often at
its lowest, and
where many of our
folk have a great deal
of fun pretending to be
dear departed Auntie
Ethel or Uncle Murray.

Modern Wraiths htar\W/ nredoM

¢ Today, we have become nothing more than a
product of other people's perceptions. As the Quick
become more sophisticated, our hauntings have become
more visceral and brutal. We have lost that fine touch, and
the disaster at Amityville is a prime example of that lack of
subtlety. While our influence over the Long Island home is
generally regarded as a hoax, the similarities between our arts
and the occurrences within its walls are too many for any
informed observer to discount. The techniques practiced
within that innocent-looking home were far too brutal for
the tastes of many Haunters, however, save perhaps the
Bedlameers or Mandelbrots. However, the question is aca-
demic, as the true identity of whatever wraith or wraiths were
responsible for this incident is unknown. The house is barred
to us, and so is the resolution of the mystery.

The fault, of course, lies at the feet of the Dannati. No
sooner had the Amityville story premiered on a New York tele-
vision program than the Benandanti stormed the place and

NO BRAKS RSG;
SX Ses
eS SH ee api

aay sy
att A < Fae

destroyed the Circle that made Amityville (the town, not the
house) their Haunt. We have not been able to get close to the
legendary house since; even venturing inside the city's limits is
dangerous now. The Dannati keep it under careful surveillance,
and many Haunters, desperate to get inside in order to learn
the truth, have been cut down with fennel swords or worse.

The absence of solid fact, however, doesn't discourage the
rumor mill from churning. If one believes all that one hears,
one knows that black light can be seen-in the Shadowlands
cast from the sinister house's dark windows, and that hideous
shapes creep across the well-trimmed lawns at-night. Rumors
persist that the occupying Dannati have fallen prey toa hive of
Spectres who have claimed Amityville as their home, and that
even now a Nihil yawns beneath the house.

It's all pure speculation, of course — but we of all people
know that every ghost story has some truth at its heart.

| Final Word kl lanif

y L/ Wi, ~ °} ,
aa U7 - = "
am A Ws

These aforementioned events are tiny morsels compared
to grand smorgasbord of all of the hauntings that we have
successfully completed. Borley Rectory and the Tower of Lon-
don were our meccas, but these places have lost much of their
power over the mundanes. Humanity is becoming less imagi-
native and thus less fearful. It takes bio-engineered plagues
and cybernetic horrors to frighten the living these days;
they've made their world such a hell that they're inured to
blood and mist. So as we approach the millennium, and the
Shroud continues to grow in strength, we find ourselves forced
to rely on more brutal and direct methods to haunt the living
effectively. In some ways the Mandelbrots have it right: "Pain
is an excellent reminder."

Chapter Two: History 39



Chapter Three:

Dearly Depar
rapeD yldaeD

OOO — ec hamrggTT e ee amt aa can

oP debi gniniarD
"You hag to' look, didnt yout" sighed Mordecal, Unable. +0 look

eWay, Uricouls only ood imutely Fr response. The sight of the corpse |
"held: "hin, faschated: and horrified all at once, He could see thet"
sion along the woman's 2b domen smiled, withirbs for ire
Crawling aide, bier ‘ong her grayhg organs were huni}
er — othe nag j

h = you, $ |

-Whewh- ie
"Don't talk, ett het tae aS ot
stutter makes me aervous, Now, do
say, and close' your-eyess "hside the ‘eck
h : : cess of his head, Uri heard ttollag wheels,' ba ane you'
tool ha 2 quiet room, fab ric beg whisked aivay, the slick ait to bis Heal

EE ——

ond sub dued whir of electronks, ond a Goce thet, prockined!. | baal Veco
f ‘The'sub ject is ak2-yeer-old.¢ Ranisin women, io pounds iy St "Not ‘ony {
} veght =" J ieee aS i "the ies: ee pe to eget now, are aifferent: "a a
| Urikept Ibtenig os the wong ten to dis hat ‘goed ean Nob andor mys "oom. compassion for dog"
\ ) kernthe origins jof the verbus noises, The coroner's voke drones 2  Whor dvhg my Uri Mordecalinterropted. Whet re you gohg

"oh ak a pedante pace, A metal 0b ject behg pkked upi a wet + 40 Watch \your aeughter grow up, and reve because you con't
© sound like @ zlpper b ehig undone. 1 The coroner, audib ly 6 ored, ier do shit? Watch as your wife fille, ih bve with | ‘someone else ond |
| tified the apper sound a3 <n ficision down along the midriff: just takes him ito yor bed? Now ca tee me: ‘coolant core less) 0b out
|) avother rightt's work forhin.\Urithecra' more wet sounds 2° What: happens +o yav, but Dr, Shudder lkes you. He wants me to.
\ the entrails, were exomings,  tHes: ‘suddenly, sa Scream, Hisieyes ‘trah'\you,end wil It's better ‘then sothrs, 3 ot leost wale is |
j "flew open as he looked at the scene around Him. The doctor "ov heve a chance at -returnkg hime some dey:

|wab scrambling away from. the codever on A metal vbopsy 1 Url stig pothng, but re still Mordecal riddea, a, half (
) took Withh seconds he wee ie door. Pe ik aE em hale Mahen Now let's a ae lssone" or aie {

$ ha noe

/ ,

\,
|
fet 1

ts All About the Wyld
elnW a tuobA TA st

here's something to be said about history,
but, as you can tell, we aren't as much in-
|) terested in the official as we are in the
| unofficial. The Wyld is.a big factor in the
1) case of our arts, our sanity, our past and
our future. It has more to do with molding
who we are than the history of some
skinbag and what he meant to us once upon atime. This part
of the lesson plan is to acquaint you with our powers.and the
drawbacks that come with them.Now don't squint at me all
funny like that. Yeah, I already told you about what you'can
do with Pandemonium, but there's alot more tothe Wylding
than any alien knows. Ifyou become a Haunter,(and Christ,
I hope you don't), then you're going have to learn to-stretch
your imagination and quit pulling the conventional crapall
the time. There's a lot more to the Wyld's power, both good
and bad, than just the "Casper's evil twin" shtick.

Pandemonium Perks skreP noivilb0

The Covenant between the Wyld and us Hauntets pro-
vides us with an immediate asset — the ability to unleash
some true nastiness with Pandemonium. Well actually, aliens
refer to it as that; we like calling it the gift‘or Wylding. Ever
had ouzo? It's a Greek drink, clear as water, but it kicks like a
horny mule. That's what the Wylding is, a kick of power that
explodes in your forebrain:like good sex. The advantage we
hold over other plebs is. that our gift is born'from pure chaos,
so the results can be almost anything. What people normally
assume is Pandemonium is the Brand-X junk we show to the
aliens. We kept the good stuff for ourselves.

Now how do we use the gift? Near as I can explain it,
every Haunter has a tiny seed of Wylding inside them. It's kinda
like we're pregnant. Now as long as that seed is in you (and I
don't know how you'd ever get it out), you'll have the Wylding
leaking out of you like you got a bad plumbing job. The differ-
ence between Haunters and some old shlep who uses the gift is
that we embrace the changes around us when the Wylding
really cuts loose. Aliens simply freak when the weird visuals
start happening, and abandon their powers like some bad acid
trip. If a wraith can go beyond the scare phase and actually

Guildbook: Haunters
wl x
S Oe
on aw Pp
%, SS fe

start using what the Wyld gives him, then he becomes a Haunter
whether he wants to or not. He just hasn't been inducted yet.
Now, the more we use this seed, the bigger it gets. It be-
gins infusing our Corpora with the Wyld, making us less "nor-
mal," but allowing us to squeeze more effects from it. The rea-
son? All the effects you create invariably come from you. You
become the physical expression of the Wyld. Your Corpus is
the molder's clay used to create all the physical effects (bugs,
blood, frogs — all that good stuff), while your Pathos is spent
on stuff like temperature fluxes and weather anomalies. Cool
thought, hunh? Your power is basically eating you alive. Think
about that too much, and you might end up as a Bedlameer.
The flip-side advantage to it all, in case you haven't
picked up on it, is that we can-create Wylding-related arts
with a lot more ease than most people know. It's just a matter
of experimenting. Here are some of the fruits of our labor
that the different groups have taken the time to share with
each other. I can tell you, though, there's a lot more out there.
Some Haunters are just being greedy with their secrets.

Basic Abilities

Mouth of Madness: This talent enables a Haunter to
use himself as the manifestation point for other Wylding arts.
This is especially useful in conjunction with the visible ef-
fects of Pandemonium, such as. Dark Ether or Foul Humour.
When Mouth of Madness is in play, smoke ean appear from
the folds of a cloak; insects can fly out ofa Haunter's mouth
or from his hair; blood can pour from his eyes or open wounds,
and so on. The possibilities are endless, but unless a Haunter
has the Embody Arcanos, this visual chicanery is visible only
to those in the Shadowlands.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Pandemonium
(difficulty 6).

* Scripture erutcirtS

Created by the Dantes, this particular art enables a
Haunter to communicate beyond the Shroud through the
written word or with basic images. The letters and symbols
are created from the Corpus of the wraith utilizing this craft,
and can appear on any surface. As a Haunter's knowledge of
Pandemonium can vary, however, the script can take the form
of whatever tier of Wylding she chooses to use. Arcs of elec-
tricity can emblazon the words of a message on a wall if a
Haunter understands Dark Ether; statements written in blood
or even with insects can be formed in conjunction with Foul
Humour. Each line of script or image created lasts either five
minutes or until the next line of script is added.

The major drawback to this particular art is that the words
expressed are hard to dictate properly. Because they are formed
directly from the mind of a Haunter, they can express hidden
sentiments, emotions and even secrets if the wraith is not


careful. Many Haunters' Shadows have been known to speak
through slippages in control while Scripture was in effect.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Pandemonium
(difficulty of the local Shroud rating) to begin writing. The
moment a sentence is finished, the words vanish, but the
wraith may continue writing until he is finished or is inter-
rupted. In either case, a new roll must be made to allow the

writing to begin once again.

This ability costs both a Pathos and a Corpus to use.
Should the Haunter wish to use Scripture in conjunction
with another Pandemonium art, the cost for the second art
is not paid, but atvadditional point of Corpus is.

If a. wraith using Scripture has only this level of
Pandemonium, the words she creates through this art ~
appear as ashes in the Skinlands.

‘Wild Bloom mossolB dlyW

A simpler version of Foul Humour, Wild Bloom al-
lows‘a Haunter to "grow" a patch of dull flowers and faded
grass upon any surface instantly. This small garden can be
made to wilt and wither away in a matter of seconds, or
bloom into grotesque shapes (flowers with insect e
petals fringed with teeth, etc.). Obviously-the plants are
not real, having been created from the wraith's Cor-
pus. They-do, however, scent the air with a mild
hint of decay, forcing animals to shun these dead

blooms and everything around them.

System: The player must declare before-
hand what effect he wishes' to elicit with
Wild Bloom. He then rolls Intelligence +
Pandemonium (difficulty is the local
Shroud). Each success translates as one
square foot of area infested with the Wild
Bloom, and also indicates how many
minutes the Wild Bloom remains.

This art costs | Pathos and 1
Corpus to use.

" Bite Me emit iB

Through the use of this art, a

Haunter can create realistic-looking
food from stuff of his own Corpus.
Naturally, should any mortal decide
to eat this meal, the would-be gour-
met discovers that his meal has are- (/
volting taste. Furthermore, the sec- ©
ond the ghostly morsels are put to a
mortal's lips, the food suddenly appears
to be moldy, rotted and maggot-ridden.
System: To use this art, the player rolls Intelli-
gence + Pandemonium (difficulty is the local Shroud). hs, 7

The number of successes indicates the length of the effect,
and for every two successes, the target's Stamina is lowered by
one once the food is ingested. This weakness lasts for the dura-
tion of the scene.

Bite Me costs a Pathos and 2 Corpus, and gives the user
a point of temporary Angst.

« Fooled You loof voy

Formed from the union of Outrage and Pandemo-
nium, this art is available to both Haunters and Spooks.
The first Wylding talent created by the Mandelbrots,
it allows a wraith to distort an observer's perception of
the location of an object (video cassette size or smaller)
by two feet in any direction. This does not mean, for
example, that a wraith can hide objects completely
(by displacing the object's image on the other side of
Ty a wall less than two feet away). The real object must
* be normally in view to both the practitioner of this art
and his targets for the displaced image to be seen. If either
the real object or distorted figure is hidden or not within plain
sight, the art fails, and the item appears in its normal location.

Any attempt that is made to grab the item will disrupt
the illusion, revealing its location, while botches will cause
the Haunter to believe in the displacement and lose com-
plete sight of the item in question.

System: In order to employ this power, the player rolls
Manipulation + Pandemonium (difficulty of the local Shroud).
The cost of using this art is 1 Pathos.

«Stretching Reality ytlaeR eniheterts

Driven by the discovery of Fooled You, many Nihilists
expanded their arts toward the altering of spatial awareness.
Their eventual hope was to manipulate space itself, and while
they have not yet succeeded in actually warping the fabric of
reality, this art would seem to be a step in the right direction.
Stretching Reality enables a Haunter to alter his target's
perception of distance. Short corridors can seemingly stretch
for several hundred yards, while someone far away can ap-
pear to be only inches from the victim. Walls can appear to
rise to enormous heights, while level surfaces will seem to
curve and warp. Unlike Fooled You, however, this art works
against one target only.

One drawback to this particular aspect of Wylding is that
the effect is never truly controlled. Objects that were near some-
one a second ago can appear to be beyond arm's length the
next. Curves and arcs fluctuate, and the solidity of the illusion
is shattered by its fluidity. On the other hand, the results, while
chaotic, are spectacularly disorienting to the unprepared mind.
System: Using Stretching Reality requires a Manipula-
tion + Pandemonium roll (difficulty is the local Shroud).


3 = Za
ee ae \ .

eoyhaa Ig = as cg Neal

eee = ~ Lv sss

Furthermore, the art takes 1 Pathos to initiate, and another
to maintain every three turns.

1 Success — The target's spatial perception changes, but only
to a minor degree. Any small item within arm's reach will
suddenly appear to move out of range by no more than five
feet in any direction, and the effect is limited to objects within
arm's reach of the target.

2 Successes — Larger objects such as doors and people can
now be affected by the spatial distortion. The difficulty to all
rolls involving sight-based Abilities (Brawl, Dodge, Drive,
etc.) is increased by one.

3 Successes — Hallways and entire walls now appear to re-
cede, come rushing forward or even loom to gargantuan pro-
portions — at least as far as the victim is concerned.

4 Successes — With this many successes, the art can affect
up to an entire building (so long as the victim is within the
offending Haunter's sight). Corridors can mutate into an in-
escapable maze, walls might seem to melt, and so on. Further-
more, the difficulty for all sight-based rolls is increased by
two as long as this art is in effect.

5 Successes — The victim's reality has just been placed in a
taffy puller. Not only the victim's environment appears to
change, but her very body seems to be stretching, melting
and otherwise behaving oddly. There is a +3 difficulty on all
rolls involving sight-based Abilities (Brawl, Dodge, Drive,
etc.) for victims of this art.

ww Sfomata reltoM kciS

Another pi
ners as either a last resort or as the climax of an involved and
drawn-out haunting. This art enables the Haunter to create
bleeding wounds on her target. The injuries are not real, with
the "blood" actually being an ectoplasmic manifestation of
the Haunter's Corpus. To the target, however, the stigmata
this art creates appear real in every way, even down to the
smell of the blood. Some victims even claim to feel the pain
of their "wounds," though most Haunters attribute this phe-
nomenon to "ghost pains," a hypochondriacal reaction.

d ability of the Dantes, it is used on sin-

The wounds that manifest through this art appear as ex-
actly that — wounds that might have been made by a knife
orsome similar sharp object. Creating the illusion of severed
limbs ora foreign object impaling the victim's body is beyond
the scope of this art, no matter how talented the Haunter.
However, once that limitation is surmounted, the injuries
created are up to the imagination of the Haunter. The Dantes
prefer to use religious motifs with this art (such as wounded
palms and thorny tears in the scalp), while more traditional
Haunters like to study their victims, uncover old afflictions,
and create the illusion that old wounds have reopened.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Pandemonium
(difficulty is the local Shroud) in order to create a single


wound on a victim. Each wound must be rolled for separately,
though a Haunter may try to create multiple wounds in the
same round by splitting his Dice Pool.

Every three successes on the initial roll indicates a Health
Level of psychosomatic damage inflicted on the victim. This
damage cannot be soaked, but is not aggravated.

Stigmata costs 1 Pathos per wound created, plus 1 Pa-
thos for every level of actual damage inflicted. The art also
gives the user's Shadow 2 temporary Angst points.

vm Form of Chaos tekcuB ecl na fo epals

This ability proves the theory that if the effects of Foul
Humour are generated from a wraith's own Corpus, then a
Haunter should actually be able to
shape his own manifestation.
From this analysis, the Or-
der of the Glass Menagerie
developed Form of Chaos. A more refined
version of Foul Humour, this art not only
enables the user to create noxious sub-
stances and plagues of various sorts, but also
gives him the opportunity to take the art a
step further and shape his creation into hideous parodies of the
human form. Examples of this include faces congealing out of a
pool of blood, arms made of locusts or a tongue formed from
maggots. The shape this art creates is physically independent of
the Haunter, and possesses no fine motor control. On the other
hand, the manifestations created are as strong as the Haunter
who made them, and would respond to simple orders such as
flail, bite, spasm and so on.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Pandemonium
(difficulty is the local Shroud). The number of successes in-
dicates the maximum size and duration of the manifestation;
spectacular successes may grant some special effect (such as
venom or caustic slime).

The cost for this art is 3 Corpus and 2 Pathos, and its use
inflicts 1 Angst upon the practitioner. There is no need to
use Foul Humor before using Shape of Chaos.

www Death's Caul las htaeD

This particularly nasty art was created by the Followers of
Discord, a Haunter alliance that predated the Middle Ages.
The Followers' philosophy advocated murder as a means of
conveying terror, and because of this, they were more often
hired by wraiths as assassins instead of Haunters.

Death's Caul was the Followers of Discord's crowning
achievement, an art that enabled wraiths to hurt the living.
It was also known as a Dark Art, one of those powers com-
pletely outlawed by the Dictum Mortuum. When the Fol-

lowers of Discord disbanded
DARREN W. FRYOENPALL

ZEN

(and were systematically hunted down by the Order of the
Unlidded Eye), many refused to divulge the secret of Death's Caul,
even when tortured or soulforged. After the last of the Followers
disappeared, most elder Haunters agreed that the art was lost. All
this changed a scant two decades ago, however, when the
Bedlameers came forward with the knowledge of its workings.
How they came to possess this power is unknown, but it is sur-
mised that Sweet Sorrow may have shared it with the Alienists.

By sending a portion of his Corpus through the Shroud,
the Haunter can cover a victim's face with a Caul similar to
the one that covers each wraith at his rebirth. This mask ob-
structs all breathing passages, causing the target to suffocate
unless he manages to tear the mask off. This feat is difficult,
since the suffocating mass of plasm finds its way. down the
victim's throat and up his nasal passages. For obvious reasons,
this Dark Art does not affect wraiths and vampires.

System: In order to use Death's Caul, the player must
roll Manipulation + Pandemonium (difficulty is the local
Shroud). The number of successes indicates the physical
strength of the Caul (i.e
tended Strength roll, difficulty 6, without a failure. With ev-
ery failure, the process starts all over again.)

the number of successes on an ex-

If he fails to break free of the Caul, the victim remains
conscious for a number of turns equal to his Stamina. After
that, he blacks out. Once unconscious, he takes one level of
damage every 30 seconds until death.

The cost of using this art is 2 Pathos and 2 Corpus. Mur-
dering someone in this manner grants the Shadow 4 points of
temporary Angst.

Ways of the Wyld esi elif of droW
johnny Onelly

Hey, there. The name's Johnny Onefly. People ask me all the
time why they can see a bug buzzing inside me. I simply tell them
I was minding my own business one day when this damn wraith
swallowed me whole, and I've been stuck in here ever since.

Wyld, the dying spark of change, is the source of our Arcanos.
The big kahunas, the original Haunters, formed a pact with it, a
little treaty that allowed them access to its power while it got a
window to the world through them. Because of this Covenant,
we're seriously affected by our own abilities of chaos. We tell the
aliens that this deal was our choice, but that's a lie. None of us
can really control what's happening to us. It's like trying to steer
acow with your arm up its ass. You can control its direction, but
forget finesse. Even worse, the Wyld's madness (and it's crazy,
make no mistake about that) worms its way into our thoughts

when we aren't paying attention.
Bad Things (can you hear those capital letters?) happen when
we burn too much of our Pathos feeding the Wylding. Reality warps


-~ and wafts around you like smoke in an eggbeater.

Oh, you hardly notice it at first. It starts small,
by affecting your senses. It doesn't take long,
though, before your perceptions become a
kaleidoscope of flashbacks and "commercial

breaks." Later, the power bleeds through you

constantly and affects the way you look.
Your Corpus becomes grotesque, a
parody of who you are and who you
thought you were. If you become like
me, who knows, you could be filled

Vyes with insects, snakes and other creepy.

e ~ crap. Your form could shift slowly from

one ugly extreme to the next, or you could
become unintelligible as your speech becomes
slow and dra-a-a-a-a-a-a-wn out (sorta like late-
period Marlon Brando).

Some Haunters have been forced to
rely on Masquers to lock their forms down,
at least temporarily. This isn't so much of a
cure as it is a treatment, though, and sooner
or later using Pandemonium will catch up
with you. No matter what you try, chaos will
nail your ass in the end, so you might as well

deal with it.
]
Pad) Haunter Quirks skcik retrial
é A player is free to decide upon which

Haunter-specific quirks might affect his char-
acter, as long as it meets with the Storyteller's approval. The
following quirks, however, are suggestions as to what might
result from a wraith's continued exposure to the altering af-
fects of the Wylding, and may be used as justification for why
a Haunter does what he does.

Spatial Distortion, Chronal Fatigue and Hallucination quirks
do not manifest all the time. If they did, then they would com-
pletely debilitate a Haunter and make him useless, Most mem-
bers of the Guild play up their supposed insanity to frighten the
aliens, but for the most part, these drawbacks flit in and*out of
existence with no rhyme or reason. A Haunter's quirks are con-
trolled by the Storyteller, who dictates when and for how longa
particular disability arises, and under what circumstances.

These quirks are for storytelling purposes only, and
should only have any impact on dice rolls or difficulties un-
der extreme circumstances.

Spatial Distortion

Those wraiths who dabble in the arts that influence spa-
tial awareness often succumb to this form of madness.
Strangely enough, Haunters who have maintained the stron-
gest ties with the Spooks are more often influenced by this


brand of the Wyld's chaos. Even Spooks versed
in Pandemonium have exhibited tendencies
toward spatially related perception problems.
Quirks of this nature mostly reflect
an inability to judge distances. The
wraith's actual senses of sight and
hearing work fine, for part of the
time. Everything appears just a bit
off from where it actually is; sounds
echo hollowly, or seem to emanate

G
y,

from a dozen different places.

Chronal Fatigue

Haunters who practice time-altering
arts have become influenced by what some
wraiths call Chronal Fatigue. Due to the lim-
ited number of temporal abilities in Wylding, those
wraiths exhibiting this form of insanity are somewhat
rare among Haunters. Even then, the Chronally Fatigued
primarily make up the ranks of the H.G. Dwellers.

The drawback of Chronal Fatigue is that it twists the percep-
tions of the user when it comes to time. There might seem to be
extended gaps in the interval between one word and the next.
Conversations and movement can seem drawn-out or extremely
rapid, moving objects might flare with visible after- shadows, re-
sidual echoes of conversations can linger for hours, people seem to
move slowly or inhumanly fast, voices can be heard after the speaker
has stopped talking, and so on. Again, the actual manifestation
of a Haunter's madness is up to the imagination of the player,
andiis strictly the providence of the Storyteller.

Hallucinations

Continued use of those arts that require
a Haunter to channel his Corpus or Pathos
into physical manifestations (such as Bite
Me, Dark Ether and Foul Humour) subjects
him to various hallucinatory effects in-
spired by his own memories and imagina-
tion. More Haunters have drawbacks from
this category alone than temporal- or
spatial-related quirks combined.

These hallucinations can fab-
ticate objects, people and lo-
cales drawn from the
wraith's own imagina-
tion. While they are il-
lusions, these fabrica-
tions are completely re-
alistic to the Haunter. In es-
sence, Hallucinations are
the wraithly equivalent of a


date belongs to a Las Vegas Haunter knox
known mouthpiece for the Order of the

pa: lar still is the

fact that each image that follows is younger than the last by

a five-year-old child to trail behind last.

bad acid trip, though some particularly twisted Haunters come to
endure and even enjoy their little "trips." The one connecting ele-
ment that runs from episode to episode is the fact that the Halluci-
nations always revolve around a single Passion, Fetter or the effect
of a specific art.

inherent Neri and Flaws
swal. tnerel

The following Merits and Flaws are also available for Spooks
who use Pandemonium extensively (level three arts and up).

Wyld intolerance tnarelotal yldy\': (point Flaw)

You don't get along well with the bit of Wyld inside you,
and this unease is apparent to other Haunters, The discom-
fort you feel having a bit of primal chaos in your ghostly guts
makes your peers uneasy as well, and-you are at a +1 difficulty
on all Social rolls involving other Haunters.

Anxiety Slip 2noitalucajé erutamer?: (2 point Flaw)

You are a wreck in social situations. You stammer, stutter,
and have trouble making eye contact; even the ghost of your
mother thinks you're a bit of a spaz. Even worse, though; is the
way this manifests through your Arcanos. Each time you faila
Social-based roll, a Wylding effect (Storyteller discretion as to
which one) manifests and wreaks some sort of randomized lo-
cal havoc. This effect can be countered by the expenditure of a
Willpower point, but odds are that you'll run out of Willpower
before you straighten out your little self-confidence problem.

Ageravated Quirk kriuQ sitavargo (point flaw)

If you've got this Flaw, the perception-altering affects of.
your quirk aren't limited to yourself anymore. Now everyone
can see what the Wylding is doing to you, and it isn't pretty.

If you're cursed with Spatial Distortion, things such as masks,
cloaks and relics may appear to rest within your Corpus instead

50 Guildbook: Haunters

{

of on it. You might find yourself speaking in a booming shout
when you try to whisper, or discover that your facial features are
now doll-sized even while the rest of you retains your normal
dimensions. If you suffer from Chronal Fatigue, you leave after-
shadows when you move, images of you fading slowly behind
you like a comtrail. Your voice seems to echo, and past wounds
suddenly manifest and vanish. In the case of Hallucinations, your
Corpus might be filled with insects and worms, bruised-purple
storm clouds may rumble and turn inside your stomach, or the
face of your Shadow might push itself against the thin Corpus
surface of your chest and scream for release.

No matter what sensory-related malformation you suffes
from, this affliction draws attention to you and hinders all
your attempts to make Social rolls (+2 difficulty).

Phobia insight edisni aibohP: (I point Merit)

You possess the knack for sensing what frightens the
Quick, and you seem to be able to pick the right arts in order
to obtain the emotional response you want. Maybe you're just
more perceptive than most, maybe it's something supernatu-
ral, but it's always easier for you to get the effect that you
want than it is for any of your peers.

When frightening mortals, the player can adjust a person's
reaction by increasing or decreasing his Willpower rating by one,
but only when using this Merit in conjuction with Pandemo-
nium arts, For more information on how this Merit functions,
see the Fog Ratings chart on page 241 of Wraith: The Oblivion.

Wyld Summons eninommuS cell: (2 point Merit)

It is said that all Haunters are linked together by the
seeds of the Wyld that germinate within you all. You are proof
positive for this theory. Whenever you are in danger, the Wyld
reaches out to other Haunters in the vicinity, giving them
the unspoken urge to find and aid'you, The other Haunters
affected in this way sense that someone is in peril (you) and
know which direction to, take in order to reach you. This
does not mean that they must help;-however; they are not
obliged to risk their own existence to assist you. They merely
hear the. cry, and-may or may not answer it.

Wyld Summons has_an effective range of up to half a
mile away. The Haunters in range of the Summons must make
a Perception:+ Awareness roll (difficulty 7), or the Wyld's cry
gets drowned out by the background noise of the Underworld.

Beneficial Quirk: (3 point Merit)

Occasionally you can turn your quirk into an asset by
using its nature to your advantage. Spatial Distortion can
become Spatial Acuity, allowing you to notice small details
with greater ease. Chronal Fatigue might transform into a
sort of Time Sense, enabling you to remember past events

with greater clarity. Hallucinations can become Insight, em-
powering you with empathic reasoning or an intuitive com-
prehension of a specific situation.

This Merit should reflect the nature of your quirk. While
the advantage this Merit offers must be agreed upon by both
Storyteller and player, the end result should be a -2 difficulty
on all rolls involving something that might be affected nega-
tively by your quirk. Beneficial Quirk will not manifest itself
every time, and it cannot be relied upon. However, just at
the moment when you're least expecting it, something good

-might happen...

Wyld Alles sailA edly: (4 point Mert

When you learned Pandemonium, the Wyld took root
inside you and blossomed. You are now vibrant with this as-
pect of nature, and this marks you as a kindred spirit to the
Garou. They sense your kinship of spirit, and recognize you
as a fellow agent of the Wyld. Werewolves treat you with
respect, and may even come to regard you as a beneficial spirit.
This Merit lowers the difficulty of any Social interactions with
Garou by two.

Leech bsael: 6 point Merit

The Wyld is becoming more and more emotionally active
as it spends time in the Shadowlands. Whether this is a matter
of survival (nothing lasts within the Shadowlands without Pas-
sion) or frustration is unknown, but you have discovered a way
to tap into its emotional reservoirs and turn it into Pathos for
your own use. It is limited, however, in that the Pathos gained
can only be used to empower the effects of the Wylding.

Once per session, the player may roll Empathy + Ma-
nipulation (difficulty 7) to determine how many Pathos she
has gained for use with Pandemonium. The Pathos will fade
away at a rate of one point every hour, so choosing the right
time to use this Merit is highly important.

Artifacts tcalitrA
The Void Gauntlet (Level 5 soulsteel weapon)

The drive to uncover the "Universal Solvent," that one spe-
cial formula that will erode the Shroud and allow the Haunters

to return home, has made the Guild somewhat focused (too fo-
cused, some believe) in their researches into the creation of Ar-
tifacts and relics. The creation of Haunter-specific Artifacts was
never truly considered an avenue to accomplishing the Guild's
goal until rumors surrounding one item began appearing. It has
become the equivalent of the Holy Grail to some, sparking a
race between several wraith Circles including a group of Artifi-
cers, Alchemists, Spooks and a large contingent of Haunters. It
is known as the Void Gauntlet, and its history is found in the
annals of the alliances.

The Void Gauntlet has been seen only on rare occasions,
and always on the hand of one of the silent Caput Mortuum
Haunters (who, legend has it, are the wraiths of the Knights
Templar executed for supposed blasphemy). The last reputed
sighting of one of these Templars was a little over seven years
ago, when several wraiths witnessed the gauntlet being used in
the assassination of a New York priest.

Made of soulsteel, the black gauntlet reflects a starscape on
its surface and sports a soulfire shard containing 10 Pathos on its
palm. The Artifact works in one of two ways; either it allows the
wielder to grab other wraiths and decay their Corpora, or it en-
ables the user to reach through the Shroud and attack the living.
In either case, the gauntlet's grasp can deliver two levels of ag-
gravated damage per Pathos expended from the soulfire shard.
The manner in which it does this seems to be a variation on the
Flux art of Decay. Corpus and living tissue, in this case, are stricken
by rapid degeneration in their structure.

Any attack made within the Shadowlands requires a roll of
Dexterity + Brawl (difficulty 6). Any wraith trying to use the
gauntlet to reach through the barrier must first roll Dexterity +
Awareness (difficulty is the local Shroud), at a cost of 4 Pathos
(which is automatically expended by the gauntlet). The Arti-
fact can be seen hovering in the Skinlands once it penetrates
the Shroud. Rather than affecting the skin-casing of the Quick,
however, the Void Gauntlet's touch decays human organs.

The Void Gauntlet is also capable of harming Garou,
changelings and mages with the same effects, but Kindred are
another matter. Rather than atrophying internal organs, the
Artifact attacks the vampire's blood and causes it to toxify. The
vitae is lost (two Blood Points per Pathos expended), and the
target must purge the taint from his system immediately by sweat-
ing or vomiting. For every turn the vampire retains toxic vitae in
his system, he suffers a level of aggravated damage for every two
affected Blood Points.

nr a

OTT See,

Antara

Chapter four:

So You Want to be a Haunter..
_letnuall eb of tna ma 05

en ~<y, —

_ Sacrifice Si ara

hee ede in a Ke Shot ipce the aches tHe eudan Fey parts tg a i \} f
Hel graceful ond ful of FEY. though: Hah was the bit he hed enqvered yeh.

ae theo pertof Michael ds,hhonever,pay at tentin to the stimata thet riddled
He wore surglesse® 5 icin. on oceasin ad to the erann of wounds that berated his fore=
oni de head: Fhese were Signs thet meat something. He was sure of tt,

‘

|
4 {
es: eee ~ Tada, Ke: very day, Mil wa ut kg for the rghit gt Fo
oe t « Were BSSBY - aapease his der compat somethty tht: wou! kt hin skep h pes
ee ene ¢

| doo yare « tremhaost, but Fhet wes tohie the shotgun Eactunst oto Meese tet patent he niathwetan-@ |
His poe roan = Meheelked is pane abt," :

her after, Rex His peesane atts ces der hs pa

tes, a he ana har pie He Ul of the brekfork
Mice pane dt) they wal have fe

--Saed waethig tapas She ia good enough, not anymore,.
: net by fennel? Whet the helMihael decided, Everyone boks Ike theyre.
- "Coed Rantala * Michael said as Ke pulled the shotgun ( y

fom seresthihasetsMipemce Mehl ust ke the ee ua ‘ ie
: Hers beaniehretre utin "9


The folbwing Guild members comprise 2 tiny fraction of the avaiab le
selection. These Templates exemplify the varying b elefs of the prine
factions of Heunters, and can serve to guide the uninitiated towerd 2 concept

The Bedlamee, = _

Quote:IlostmyinnocencewhenIwasfive! Whyshouldn'tIhauntthatnursery? Why
shouldn'tIhauntyouforthatmatter? Afraidyou 'lllikeit?

Prelude: Mother wasn't a kind woman, and she handled your special problems
with a burning cigarette. You didn't get better, you just got quieter at what you <0)
were doing, and learned how to be a monster in human clothing. The disguise EB
worked for a while, but eventually you attracted wraiths like flies and became the \g
target of a haunting. Already living on the edge, you snapped when you heard the
ghostly voices and felt the ghostly fingers every moment of every day. You walked
into a restaurant and let the thunder of your shotgun rip through four innocent
bodies.

It didn't take long for the state to make you the main guest at an electric barbe- FA
cue, and the Haunters couldn't wait to get their hands on you. They watched you (Ps
fry, and laughed while you wailed through your Caul. Then it came off, and your
sanity abandoned reality completely. Bereft of your flesh armor, you discovered
you still looked the same. Without it, you weren't the monster you thought you
were, not like the monsters who surrounded and mauled you. It was like a feed-
ing frenzy as these dark, twisted things tore into your after-flesh. It was their
game; the one who could come away with the biggest chunk in one bite got
to be your master. You didn't like this, though. You started biting back,
and when the leader of the group of Bedlameers saw this, he stepped in
to claim you as his own. Papa Pain took you under his brutal wing, and
showed you how to become a monster beyond all reckoning.

You eventually proved your worth to him, and he started letting you loose
at night to haunt the town red. It didn't take long for you to find other Haunters,
and you've been making friends ever since. You still live at the prison where they
executed you, preparing Death Row inmates for the hereafter with a sample of
your powers. You still venture out once in a while to wreak a bit of havoc on those
Quick who believe themselves to be free. You can't wait to show them the real
meaning of liberation.

Concept: You're the fiend set free of your flesh chains. Your urges to blur the
lines between acceptance and shame, to dance naked in other people's fears, are no
longer something you hide. As a Haunter living with the condemned on Death
Row, you can't wait for them to die so that you can show them how wrong society
was (and how right they were after all).

Roleplaying Notes: Liberated that's what you are that's who you are you're free of
the flesh that hid you free of the rules of society free to run riot every convention you
encounter is just another rule to hammer to the shattering point every person you meet
is ready to be as liberated as you every haunting you pursue is like a pregnancy ready to
break water talk incessantly because you can and you're excited talk loud because you
have something to say talk fast because you have too many ideas that are ready to
explode and talk just because everyone is listening to what you've got to say!

Relics: Straightjacket; tattered issue of Playboy; needles and syringes; bowie knife

Guildbook: Haunters

RAR TS RTT:


- Name:
Player:
| Chronicle:

Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Reb el
Shadow: Retionalist

| Physical

Strength.
| Dexterity
) Stamina

@e@e@00
@0000
@e000

Talents
@@000
00000
@@000
@0000
@0000
OO0O00O0
@@000
@e@e@00
@0e0@00
@0000

Alertness,
Athletics,
Awareness,

| Brawl

Dodge

| Empathy,

/ | Expression.
Intimidation,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge

Arcanoi

@@000
@0000
@e@0@00
@0000
OO0000
O0000
00000

2-0-0300 Fetters pDooeoos
~Jail Cell @@000
"Mother's Ashes @@000

—Photo of Father @@000
OO0000
00000

reoec-e Guild Maks Coco

Hallucinations

Socal
@0000
eee0e0
@0000

Charisma
Manipulation
Appearance

iit

a
Crafts.
Drive
Etiquette.

OOO00O0
00000
00000
@ee0e0
OO0000
OO0O00O
@@000
00000
O0000
@@000

Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation
Melee.
Performance
Repair.
Stealth.

Passions
Torture Prison Offs (Revenge) @@OOO
Destroy allLaws (Fanatkism) @@@@O
Be recognized a8 a visionary @ee@00
(Narcissism) OOO00O
00000
00000
OO0000

220-O20-0 ((pl) POO COO.
@eeeeee00 8
OQOOO0O0O00000

rpoec- Wilpier cocoa

IPO. Pathos Doeoooc

BEBE BBBOOU

life Unemployed
Death: Electric Chair
Regret: Never off'ed Mom

Mental
eeee80
@e@e@00
@ee@00

Perception
Intelligence.
Wits.

Knowledges
00000
00000
@0000
00000
OO0000

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult
Politics

@e@e0@00

@0000

Science

Keening
Outrage
Pandemonium
Puppetry

@@000
@ee@00

00000
00000
OO00O0

wooo ot AMsboomooe

e@ee@e@aeeoo0o0o0o

BEBBBOOUO00
oonoo-o ooeooO-oc
hfamy (M Kura of Corruption (2)
Pact of Doom (3)

roo Dik Passions -o-o-o-o-c
Kil Everyb od ¥ (Rage)

Seed Chaos (Despar)
Secrifke Self for Kt tention Mart y@ OOOO
@@000

Prove People Wrong (Envy)

00000 |
00000 |

00000 |

@0000

@0000

@@000
@e0ee0 |


Quote: Yes, I can help you force them out of your Haunt, but it will cost you. The price is
negotiable, however — what do you know of the Savior?

Prelude: You were "born again" so many times you almost believed in reincarnation. Soci-
ety never provided you with an anchor when you were growing up, so you fell in with one
group after another with astonishing ease. The skinhead movement attracted you for a
while, but you discovered you weren't really a racist and atoned by turning to Christian-
ity. Then drugs distracted your faith before you sought salvation in the Cross once more.
Women proved to be another pleasure, but you eventually repented, and finally the joys
of alcohol revealed themselves to you. That was the last step on the path, however. A
shotgun-toting maniac opened fire in a crowded restaurant and claimed you, along with
three others.

Waking up in the Shadowlands, you realized that you most certainly weren't
in Heaven. You instantly came to the conclusion that you had died a sinner and
the Lord was so upset with your performance that he stuck you in the equiva-
lent of Heaven's attic.

While you were philosophizing, a Hierarchy Reaper picked you up and
brought you in. You bemoaned your fate so much, however, that your fel-
low Legionnaires decided to have you forged before you could desert and
become a Heretic. That was when a follower of Father Foster saved you.
The soldier assigned to escort you to the forges was a Christian brother
who smuggled you out and turned you over to the Dantes. They offered
you a way to liberate your soul and prove your worth to God all in the

feu kee
LCCC

es

same action.

You became a Haunter, a duty you regard with great reverence. Your
work with the Dantes enables you to haunt other sinners, thereby warn-
ing them that their immortal souls are in peril. You may have failed in the
eyes of God, but you hope your work to save others will bring you even-
tual redemption and grace.

Concept: You are a radical Christian Haunter for hire. It doesn't
matter whether you get paid or not; the act of haunting is God's work as
far as you're concerned. Other wraiths seem reticent to employ your set-
vices, however; your stance on religion and redemption has a way of fright-
ening them.

Recently, you've learned to remain low-key about your pursuits until
others feel more comfortable around you. Then you broach the subject of
salvation. When it comes to haunting, you have a special interest in
those locations and souls tainted by sin. You hound and torment the guilty
until they are driven to insanity or the Gospels. Once you're finished,
you pack up and travel on until another area captures your attention. It's
your job — no, your calling.

Roleplaying Notes: You believe in God, and it is your faith in Him
that enables you to overcome your doubts, hesitations and failings. When
you serve Him directly, you can do no wrong, so you continue to pursue
your actions in His name. Loving the sinner instead of the sin can only go so
LA far, and sometimes you have to force people to see the light. Better they suffer at
Y your hands than the ministrations of the Fallen One and all his creatures.
Relics: Gideon Bible; cross on a chain; worry beads

—"

Guildbook: Haunters

Nature: Follower life, Tax Consutbant
Demeanor: V istonary, Death: Shotgun Blast
Shadow: The Martyr Regret: Failed in his faith

Attributes

Social Mental
@@000 Charisma @@000 Perception, ee
@@@00 Manipulation. @@@@0 Intelligence ec0e
@@@@@ = Appearance @@000 Wits e

Knowledges

OOOOO § Crafts___ OOOOO Bureaucracy. e0eee }
@®OO000 Drive @@000 Computer. @e@000
@@600 Etiquette OOOOO Enigmas. OOO000
@@@00 Firearms OOOOO Investigation. OOO00O
OOOOO Leadership OOOOO Law. @0000 |
@®0O000 Meditation. @@000 Linguistics OOOOO |
@@000 Melee OOOOO Medicine OOOOO |
OOOOO Performance. OOOOO Occult OOOO0O
OOOOO Repair. OOOOO Politics @@000 —
@0O000 Stealth @0000 Science. 00000

Backerounds Passions Arcanoi
@0000 Hey the bens of God (Desk) @@@OO Argos ©0000 —
@@@00 Prove your Fatty (Knger) @@@00 Castigate @0000
©0000 Perish shmers (Love) @@000 Outrage @0000
OOOO = Ascend (Hope) @0000 Pandemonium @0000
00000 00000 00000 |
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000

2O-O-0-4 Fetters Do-o-o-oHo 7080-0 (Nl) POooooc ooo MMi oooooe
Communion Cross ©0000 @@ee0e80800 @e@e@eoooodoodd'

ee
e000 9000000000 @geBeogo000o00

@@000
1 poe Thoms Poco:
00000 77 O—-O life mcoms 1 Sul Brinstowe Stenh 2)

@e@e@e@eeoooodod
Trick of ight (3) Sha lay (5)
cocoon DUD ODOOO OD Mater ery eS
O0000 2-o-o- Dik Passions OOOO
‘dak wooo Pills POO OE _Revelh sh (Lust) @@000 |
posses! Marks ooo Bw BL head the fathtulastray @@@00 |

sPaT AL DE6+tORT LN (Hate) 00000
Rape the hnnocent (Envy) @@000


rn thet ArH Dee cy

Mandelbrot Chaostician

~ A Quote: Bide your time. Never allow the thrill of the fright to overtake your judg-
ment. You still have a function to fulfill.
Prelude: You were always regarded as a cold fish. You never considered anyone to be

your equal, so you treated everyone around you as if they were stupid. This attitude left
you both friendless and bitter. It was no surprise that your funeral was devoid of mourners
after that shotgun blast mixed your gray matter in with your eggs.

Death proved to be an interesting experiment for you. While you were still at-
tached to your scientific precepts and the laws of reality, you found yourself in a place
that ignored most of these conventions. Once you adjusted, you were ecstatic with
your discovery of a new playground, and began applying your skills of observation to
your new home. Somehow, your questions landed in the right (or wrong) ears, and
eventually you were brought before the Seat of Succor and the Laughing Lady. She
began to interrogate you, to which you replied by trying to ask her your own ques-
tions. She replied with a query, "You wish to learn everything you can of this
VA place? Serve me, and I will give you all of the answers you could wish for." Glee-

fully, you accepted.
Before turning you loose, the Laughing Lady instructed you about the
existence of a group of wraiths generally known as Haunters, and specifi-
cally called Mandelbrots. Many of these "Mandelbrots" were scientists like
yourself, who would welcome you as a colleague. Your mission was to get
yourself accepted into the Mandelbrots, assist them in their research, and
report any and all pertinent findings back to the home office in Stygia, giving
the Laughing Lady access to some of the most interesting theoretical work
going on in the Shadowlands. In exchange, she has agreed to bankroll
your research, as well as offering you complete freedom, once your work
is done. That's good enough for you, and in the meantime you're mak-
ing everybody happy.

Concept: As a mole for the Seat of Succor, you have used your skills
from your lifelong pursuit of science to ferret out the secrets of the dead for
your Lady. The Mandelbrots take an analytical approach to uncovering

the weaknesses of the Shroud, and you are part of one of several teams
applying the laws of fractal mathematics to the study of the Wylding. Al-
though most of what you've seen belongs in the realm of speculative fiction,
not science, the work of others provides you with a flood of data. The only
matter that distresses you is the fact that the Wylding's madness is beginning
to affect your observations, making it difficult for you to trust your own
experimental results. Still, as long as you can continue to do your work and
make your sub rosa reports, everything should be all right.
Roleplaying Notes: While you are detached, your fear of being seized
by the surrounding madness has made you brutally callous. Regardless of
what you'd like to admit, the rush of power over others is intoxicating.
You've always seen people as foolish and slow, and your hauntings have
proved your assumptions conclusively. You still try to hide your pleasure
at frightening others behind a wall of technobabble and scientific jargon.
\ Part of this is an effort to conceal your growing Shadow from others, but
mostly you are trying to hide the truth from yourself. You are no longer
the impartial observer. You have tainted the experiment by interfering with its
parameters, and all your work is for naught.
Relics: Research notebook; pens; a pair of spectacles without lenses;
calculator

58


life, Scembist
Death: Shotgun Blast
Regret: You should have gotten

Nature: Scientist
Demeanor: Critic
Shadow: The Retionalst

Physical
eeee0
@000
@@000

Social
@0000
@0000
@eee0

Charisma
Manipulation.
Appearance

further

Mental
Perception
Intelligence

Wits.

| eerecccocconecesoes Mbit) mcceeecoccaccaceooes /f

Talents

_ Expression.
i Intimidation
| Streetwise

©0000
@e@e@00
@e@000
@0000
O0000
OOO00O
O0000

eer Guild Marks <>--or-oo-c

ab oratory
UCLA classroom

Spatial DiStoRtioN

skill
Crafts
Drive.
Etiquette.

00000
00000
@0000
00000
@0000
00000
@e@0@00
00000
OO0O00O0
@0000

Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation
Melee.
Performance
Repair.
Stealth

Knowledges
@@000
@e@0@00
00000
00000
00000

Bureaucracy
Computer.
Enigmas
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult

Politics

@ee080
00000
00000
eeecee

Science

Advantages rocsccccecccecnccccs |

Passions
Guantify everything into
sclentif: theories (Curious)
Belt tle others (Contempt)
Prove your superiority to

@@000
00000
@e@e@00
@@000

everyone (Desire) 00000
Use people as tools (Wrath) @@O000
Make your EX miserable (Revenge) @QOOOO

@@e@2ee0000800
QNOOOOOOOOO

spoee. filo ooccec

Arcanoi
bhab it
Lifeweb
Out rage
Pandemodium

@0000
@0000 |
@0000

OOO0O0O
OOO00O0
00000

roo-0-0-0+4 AIStmooo oo

@e@eoo0o00o00o0od0d =:

BBOUONU0O00000
Thoms ooroooc

Devils Dare (7)

Shadowed Face (3)

reno. Dat Pasion Oocoo-c

~Kil other scientists (Evy) @@OOO

~Emb arrass Psyche (Self- @@000

Hatred) 00000
~Emb race Ob Wion (Fear) @e@e@00

@0000 |

e00200

ss Menagerie

Quote: I don't care if you've been prepping this haunting for three months; the Council says the site's off-limits. If you don't like
it, you take it up with them.

Heh. Didn't think so...

Prelude: Young, handsome and clean-cut, people said that you were going places. The world
was your oyster, they told you, and like a naive fool, you believed them. The problem was, no
one told you how to deal with life if things didn't work out. Reality smacked you hard right J
after you graduated as the golden boy of your class. You weren't ready for the stresses of
college and, facing expulsion, gracefully dropped out instead. Forced to work at restaurants
while waiting for something better to come along, you lost the respect of your family,
friends and eventually yourself. Your youth faded, your promise turned into wasted
potential, and you were no longer the center of anyone's attention — even your
own. Eventually, you caught the wrong end of a shotgun blast and died when
somebody else had a bad day and took it out on your breakfast shift.

The hereafter was no better than what you left behind (not that
you expected much of anything at all, but even so...). You were reaped
and sold to a Stygian Domem as his personal valet. At first you de-
spised your position and your master, but soon, you began to dis-
cover the benefits of living in Stygia. You became privy to a great
deal of information, and learned how to use what you'd learned. When
your master's time ran out (his political enemies got him sentenced to the forges on
trumped-up charges — curious how it happened so quickly), you had learned quite
a bit about how the wheels of power grind.

The rumors that your owner was a member of a Guild proved to be true when
an ally of his named Nicholas smuggled you out of Stygia before the Hierarchy
could confiscate you as property. Nicholas turned out to be a Haunter, and
explained that he was saving you as a favor to his colleague, your late owner.

Glass Menagerie. Presented with the opportunity to do something mean-
ingful for the first time in your life, you accepted membership into the
Order and became an indispensable Haunter. Your newfound drive
has enabled you to attain the position of mouthpiece, the sanc-
tioned messenger for the secret Council of your faction. kK
Concept: You serve the Council's wishes for the Order of the
Glass Menagerie. The Councilors relay their wishes through you,
and you are loyal to them for the opportunity they have provided
you. When you aren't acting as the contact for your faction, you
help other members haunt Council-approved locations. You
aren't very comfortable with terrifying people, but you do as the
Council asks. It is the least you can do to repay them for all of
the opportunities they have given you.
Roleplaying Notes: You prefer to impress others through your
skills and accomplishments. You are driven to excel at everything
you do, because as far as you're concerned, there is no such thing
as a partial effort. This dedicated attitude makes it hard for you to ager
find friends, but that's a price you're glad to pay in order to be the f =~
best at everything you set your mind to. ~wW

Relics: Walther PPK; tattered yearbook picture of yourself; suits and ties ¢

Guildbook: Haunters


| Strength,

Dexterity.
Stamina

Expression.
Intimidation

Backgrounds
Status (Guild)

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Mediator
Shadow: Perfectionist

Attributes
Social
@ee@00
@e@e@00
@@000

@@@00 Charisma
@®0O000 Manipulation
@@000 Appearance

| eocococeccoeceorces Mbilities

sll
Crafts
Drive
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance
Repair.
Stealth

Passions

Prove my worth (Pride) eeee0

Return to my Whg as a success @@@@O

(Hope) 00000

Watch Enemies fall (Spite) @@000

00000

00000

00000

-State Cha
Eootb all Ring

life Fry Cook
Death: Shotgun Blast
Regret: Never fulfilled potential

Mental
Perception,
Intelligence
Wits

Knowledges

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics
Medicine
Occult
Politics
Science.

Arcanoi
Outrage
Pandemonium
Phantasm

~Parents

wLocker in High

School

73-02-28 (II) POOcOe: roo o-cor lI mocooe :
eeaeeaeeadee0ea02 @@ee@eod0o00o0d0dn:
NQOOOOUOOOO0 BBBBOOOROO00
Thoms merece
Bag Luck (3)
Tainted Touch (4)
Des Dik Passions OOo
7-0-8 Pathos DOEHOOE  -Surrend to oblvion (Despar) @@@OO |

BBB BD BD DF OO -Damtrte Mergers Card (Greed) @@@OO
~Bring out falures of others @@OOO

Wl OF


~The Recruiter

Quote: Hi, there! I couldn't help noticing that you're dying. I have a proposition for you...

Prelude: You were the girl everybody liked, but it had nothing to do with sex. Instead, it had to do with your gregarious nature,
sharp wit and daredevil demeanor. You were the type of person who made friends with everyone, not because you tried, but because
you were genuine. All of your friends, teachers and coworkers agreed: You were a good friend, a good listener, a good student...

Well, you know what they say — only the good die young. The last thing you felt was hot coffee exploding all over you as the
hail of shotgun pellets lacerated your bottomless cup and your body. Upon arriving in the Shadowlands, you immediately ingra-
tiated yourself with the Centurion who claimed your Caul. He informed you that you had died, and your first response was, "I
guess that explains where you've been all my life." The four victims of the shooting were split up, leaving you with Marcus, a
Centurion of the Penitent Legion. He received permission to care for you, and was responsible for your training. Stygia was not
where you wanted to be, though. The Dictum Mortuum went against everything you were
brought up to believe, but you had no other choice. Marcus was there, after all.

Despite your best efforts to be cheerful, your true unhappiness did not go unno-
ticed by Marcus. He helped you escape with the help of an old friend of his named
Midian. You were taught Pandemonium, a move which greatly skewed your sense
of reality, but not your sense of humor, and you became a recruiter for the Guild.
Marcus couldn't stay with you; he had to return to Stygia and his Legion. He
still finds time to slip away and meet you in secret. Apparently it's not secret "Ny

y
Yj

enough, since Midian has informed you that he's considering using you as a
liaison between the Hierarchy and the H.G. Dwellers. The thought that
eventually you may be forced to choose between what you enjoy doing and
the wraith you love frightens you, so for the time being you just avoid
thinking about it.

Concept: You are responsible for seeking out those people about
to die, and, using Pandemonium, altering their perceptions. This is
done to usurp their notions of reality and help facilitate their entries
into the Haunters once they pass on. You are, in essence, a Reaper
for the Guild, even though you get a head start by haunting Enfants
before they die. As time progres:
fortable with using some of the nastier arts of your craft. The

, you have become more com-

Shadowlands have altered the way you view the world, and
your humor has grown a few shades darker. It doesn't bother
you, though; you actually enjoy the rush of haunting. It
brings out your sense of the macabre.
Roleplaying Notes: You can't help but
smile. The Wylding's influence on you is like
everything you imagined laughing gas would
be, and you still haven't stopped giggling from
your first hit. You take nothing seriously, ex-
cept for your love for Marcus, and have a hard
time not making light of every situation. You
know you were never this bad when you were
alive, but exposure to the Shadowlands has in-

- . .
creased your sense of adventure and your ifreverence.

You feels as though nothing can stop you, and that's a t
feeling you don't want to lose.

Relics: Small collection of costumes and assorted scary}
Halloween masks (since you don't have much Moliate);
watch ona chain

62 Guildbook: Haunters

"P : =) - ~& g
eet See eile © is = : s eee ai ae PEE NT,

Name; Nature: Bon Vivant life: Psycholgy Major
| Player Demeanor: Jester Death: Shotgun Blast
» Chronicle Shadow: The Fre Regret: Never got +o experience Ke,

Attributes

Socal Mental

Strength @@OOO = Charisma____ Ss ®@@®OOO Perception. CO OOOO
. Dexterity. @@@00 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
i @@000 Appearance @e@0@00 Wits @e0@00

Talents skills Knowledges
Alertness, @@@00 Crafts @@000 Bureaucracy. OOO00O
Athletics @@000 Drive OOOOO Computer. 00000
OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Enigmas 00000
OOOOO Firearms. @0000 Investigation. OOOO0O
@O000 Leadership. @0000 Law OOO00O0
@@000 Meditation OOOOO Linguistics @e@000
Expression. OOOOO Melee @@000 Medicine OOOO0O
Intimidation. @®0O000 Performance. @@@@0 Occult__ OOO0O0O
OOOOO Repair. OOOOO Politics OO00O0
OOOOO Stealth @@@00 Science @@000

Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi

@@000 Wetch over Father (Love) @@@00 Embody @@000 |
@@000 Return to the Livng (Hope) @@@OO Molate @0000.
©0000 Hevnt Murderers (Knger) @ee@00 Outrage @0000 |
@@000 Serve Midian (Gratitude) @@OOO Pandemonium ©0000 —
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000
00000 00000 00000

Jpooooe kites poomeoc MOEre (Ip) POoooec tooo oo MM oooooS
®e000 @@@eeod00000 @@®@0000000
QNOOOOOOO0O0 SBSBBBOOO000

OO0000 omns
eccoe OOo Willpower ~<>-2>-crcoe D Poke Klks =f ee aT

00000 @@®®0000000
oooo0 ODAOONOOOORF7000 Freudian Slip (5)
ro Dat Pasion ODcoo<

OO0000
poor Pathos POOQOOES Be center of attentin (Evy)  @@O00O0

woos (ull Maks ooooe. Oe OW OO  Meke Father tito Wraith (Greed) @ @@O0O
: CHronal Fatigue Debase other peopk (Spite) @@000


Convition etcivmoC =

] ‘rother Palleried aut agahst + thes ra thet

storm answered hin with a mist of b bod thet

F "The very words,
beet
\-Tswearto.you, tt was 2 moment of Nene ss: Pall ‘sobbed a9.
‘he fell to his knees. Tpromise tt wil not happen ageh"
¢ "Even so, others wil come to know of your weekness,

j Nath you, phose, of

pica

Our Soul sevlesru0

FS=qj t is never about history, but rather about
4) accomplishment. It is never about remem-
b bering, but instead, about anticipation.
A} The victory of one Haunter is celebrated
by the whole Guild, even as the individual
who succeeded is recognized in the Haunt-
ers' own inimitable way. The names of
those who have furthered the legacy of the Haunters are too
numerous to mention, but they are immortalized in ghost sto-
ties and tales of hauntings, and their memories are still hon-
ored by the Restless Dead.

mn ke)

64 Guildbook: Haunters

grew pweeker, rolling in hh on its center til # vanished, The: = Stone: and wood

‘Palla knew thet his tormentor was not.
ded pitifully te

+thh ond was-swallowed t by the thunder, >
} This is not right! he screamed, The

"roof, The echoes of the hahah ates to-dance o the corrig

éppe
"ond tts "chill breeze, quek dred he teers, Bebw hin, the tty of ‘
"Rlerandrla shinbered v

= 'o, = I)
mi if iF —N
Ns AD R Sau) '}
Se erent

Then saber oo the voke sales The storm —

of the oom "thrsthy "drank inevery trace of b lod, leaving every th g
normal and dry. once agah, The storm was gone, but somehow Brother

"<The fronk-reised. hinself up on weak knees and left hie cell He
mounted the.stats ‘eadng to the trapdoor to the monastery

"hg Pela sFepped aie vibe Phe ga Fhe mht. ox oreefha W a

Sy

The four Haunters mentioned here still exist, unclaimed
by Oblivion. They represent the best that the Guild has to of-
fer — at this moment. Return in a week, and the Haunters may
have changed their minds as to who belongs here. The past is
where the dead live, after all, so these are the ghosts of today.

«fe

Midian

Death was a cathartic experience for Midian. His first
recollections stretch back 1300 years, to the moment his
mentor claimed his Caul; his breathing days are all but lost
to him. Midian does remember the moment of his death,
when he took his own life leaping from a monastery roof. He
has never determined the reason for this action, but avoids
reflecting on the lingering remorse that seems to surround
his suicide. His Shadow has offered to share the truth with


him, but a combination of fear and distrust keeps Midian
from accepting that offer.

Midian has been a Haunter since the time of his death,
first within the alliance,of Pandora Skia and later as
Guildmaster, following the first-Conclave. This exist-

is. The Guild's identity and his persona-are now \
synonymous. It is for this reason he‘has come to LA
represent the disparate factions.as Guildmaster; FN
no otherwraith so embodies all of what the Guild (GF
is. Despite the sometimeswvicious differences among —

the various factions of Haunters, Midian has proven

to betan effective leader, particularly with Sweet Sorrow
acting as his-advisor. Both wraiths' attempts to unite the
Guild, however, have met with failure, and these repeated
efforts have created distrust between the Guildmaster and
those he represents.

A consummate chess player, Midian has as his hobby the
construction a board, using opponents he has beaten as the
pieces. An invitation to play a game with him is an invitation
to the forges, as Midian has never lost. On the other hand,
legend has it that any fortunate soul who does win gets to take
Midian's place as Guildmaster. Despite Midian's reputation,
then, there is no shortage of challengers — and no shortage of
new pieces or tiles, either.

While many, both inside and outside the Guild, view
Midian as a monster of sorts, he is plagued by his own demons.
Fetters draw him to places of which he has no memory, and
Passions that he cannot justify tug at him constantly. If
Midian chose, he could investigate his past and unravel
the mysteries of his breathing days, but something in
the back of his mind frightens him. Desires linger there
that his Shadow alone understands, and it is
for this reason that Midian remains hid-
den behind a well-crafted but emotionless
mask. He is too afraid to gaze into his own
eyes, and he is frightened somebody will rec-
ognize him and remind him of the truth of
what he was.

When the time comes for the Haunt-
ers to step back across the Shroud and re-
claim their places in the Skinlands, Midian will
stay behind. He will help others cross, but will
never partake of that gift himself. He knows
(or fears) that with living again, the sins of the
past will return as well, and he fears what rev-
elations a new life might bring.

Dr. Shudder

Amil ibn-Shoudri, the wraith later
known as Dr. Shudder, was originally a Mus-

Appendix: Our Soul 65


Whe

lim scholar in the employ of Bay't al-Hikma, or the House of
Wisdom. Established in the eighth century under Abassid rule
in Baghdad, Bay't al-Hikma.was responsible for translating an-
cient Greek texts (works on philosophy, the natural sciences,
dramas and more) into Arabie. Working in this environment,
Amil was exposed to a wealth of knowledge, and at the time of
his death he had achieved an education'that was astonishing
in its scope and depth.

The Shadowlands proved t6 be a unique quandary for
Amil. The Underworld was obviously governed by its own \
rules and natural laws, but the workings of eighth-century sci-
ence and Islamic doctrine had no.explanation for the exist-
ence of such a place. Amil was forced.to create new theories
just to quantify the parameters of his new universe, and gath-
ered all the scientists and philosophers he could find
to his side. As the centuries passed, Amil recruited
those who could teach him the new scientific prin-
ciples that were emerging in the Skinlands. Unfortu-
nately, science rapidly outstripped Amil's ability to
comprehend the newer theories, and he was forced to
rely on others to carry out his research for him.

It was after the turn of the millennium when Amil
met Midian, and was persuaded to learn Pandemo-
nium. The Wylding seemed to be a way in which
one might manipulate reality itself, and Amil believed
that it might hold the answers to explaining the
logic of the Shadowlands. Spearheading Amil's new

drive were a core group of researchers that eventu-
ally came to be called the Dead Cadre, his assis-
tants in the struggle to bring scientific enlighten-
ment to the Shadowlands. Midian invited Amil
to join the Haunters, and he did, bringing his
disciples with him as the newly formed alliance
of Bay't al-Hikma.

Amil eventually became known as Dr. Shud-
der (based on the all-too-common mispronun-
ciation of his last name). His Dead Cadre has
remained with him, but Bay't al-Hikma has ex-

panded to accommodate the increasing number
of Haunters under the banner of the Mandelbrots
as well.

Dr. Shudder has risen to power quickly within
the Guild's fractured hierarchy. Apart from Sweet
Sorrow, he is possibly the only wraith capable of
challenging Midian's authority. The good doctor
has even done so on occasion, but primarily to
maintain the fagade of a divided front in or-
der to fool Sweet Sorrow (whom he distrusts
greatly). Shudder may not always agree with
Midian, but at least respects his position and
his accomplishments as a Haunter.

66 Guildbook: Haunters


Still pursuing an agenda made up of equal parts scientific
exploration and political opportunism, Dr. Shudder uses haunt-

ing to experiment on the strength of the Shroud. He is closely
affiliated with the Spooks, and usually enlists their help with his
nce that ev-

research. Despite his clinical manner and his insi
erything be done by the proper method, many suspect that Dr.
Shudder has been greatly (and adversely) affected by the Wylding.
He justifies the use of often brutal arts to get results, is not above
torturing other wraiths (aliens, of course) to further his cause,
and has been known to employ the Dead Cadre as an assas-
sination squad.

Sweet Sorrow

The woman known as the Grandmother of the
Haunters is perhaps the oldest existing member of

the Guild. Her opinion is dogma, her advice scripture,
and her support is nothing short of a blessing.

Uy

Sweet Sorrow's legacy is a private one, and began when
a child named Dido was born witha caul that covered her
face. Shé-grew up with the ability to see spirits, and for the
remainder of her life was haunted by this gift. In 146 B.C.,
Roman forces razed: Carthage, Dido's home, and this event
sounded, the end of the Third Puni¢ ‘War. The Horrors Dido wit-
nessed, however, involved far more than the brutality of the ad-
yancing Romanvarmy. She alsosaw hundreds of ghosts who de-
scended upon the dying with wild abandon, and who pulled away
the souls of the newly slain for their own pleasure. Dido was so
paralyzed by the terrors she witnessed in both worlds that she
never saw the blade that bit into hefback and sent her spiraling
into the Shadowlands. Once there, Dido-was Reaped and en-
slaved by the Empire. She became a Thrall within Stygia
itself, a place built on the legacy of the Roman
Republic. She spent her existence growing to
hate all wraiths for the atrocities she had seen
them commit at Carthage, and the Empire
(later the Hierarchy) for its support of Ro-

4

os

SS

—_R

KK
43
we

tx
ed
EX

Q

KS

man ideology. She began plotting her re-
venge, but knowing that patience was her
best chance for freedom, endured her time
in chains stoically. It took several centuries,
but the wait was worth it. Rome fell to the
barbarian hordes in A.D. 476, heralding the First
Maelstrom. It was a fitting end for Carthage's en-
emies, and the perfect point for Dido's new begin-
ning. Her master was destroyed during the Mael-
strom, and she (having barely survived herself), took
the opportunity to escape in the confusion. Now a
freewraith, Dido allied herself with a Circle of es-
caped Thralls, and managed to survive in the
Shadowlands while learning all she could about the vari-
ous Arcanoi. This quest for knowledge brought her into
contact with Pandora Skia and other proto-Haunter alliances,
who had a certain something that encouraged her to look at them


more closely. Although she liked these wraiths no better than
any of the others she had encountered, their interests did cap-
ture her attention. The efforts of Pandora Skia and other such
alliances to diversify and study the nature of their powers rather
than simply reveling in them set them apart from groups like the

mercenary masters of Moliate or the calculating lords of Usury.
As groups began to polarize around various Arcanoi, Dido re-
mained with the Haunters and became known as Sweet Sorrow
(for the sadness that wraiths saw reflected in her eyes).

Over the centuries, Sweet Sorrow has emerged as a pow-
erful figure within the Guild while remaining a virtual enigma

Mite

cil seats, she knows that these Haunters distrust her intensely.
She has tried instigating rumors concerning the Council's "mem-
bership," but moves carefully in this matter lest she alienate

those Haunters who are firmly in the Council's camp.

Corrina

Corrina constitutes the fourth major player within the
Haunters, and most of them don't even know it. Corrina was
Reaped by Midian himself, who, it seems, went to great lengths
to locate someone of her mental capacity and sharp intellect.

to anyone outside it. She was
instrumental in helping form
the Haunters (not due to any
interest in their well-being,
but because she saw them as
her instrument for spreading
chaos), and acts as a trusted
consigliere for the members of
the Guild. She keeps the
Haunters divided by playing
the alliances against one an-
other, but does this merely to
keep them in line until the
time it is necessary to unite
them for her own use. She
tried something similar back
in 1598 in the wake of the
failed coup, but has long since
come to the conclusion that
she acted prematurely, a mis-
take she does not intend to
repeat.

Sweet Sorrow is currently
trying to foster better relations

Midian has suspected for some centuries now that
Sweet Sorrow, the woman regarded as the Grandmother
of the Haunters, may be the reason behind the Guild's
failure to unite. When Sweet Sorrow endorsed the Dantes'
plan to usurp the Artificers following the coup of 1598,
Midian began to suspect something was amiss. The idea
ran contrary to everything the Haunters believed in, and
she, of all wraiths, should have realized it was doomed to
failure. Since that time, Midian has watched Sw
row play the various alliances against one another, and
suspects she has kept the Guild unbalanced strictly to
advance her own agenda. He knows he cannot confront

t Sor-

her directly, since she maintains a good portion ot the
Haunters' support. Instead, he has been forced to rely on
hudder.

a handful of powerful allies, including Dr. $

As such, Midian has moved slowly in the centuries
following the Breaking. He has privately trained a stu-
dent named Corrina, who now acts as the "secret" leader
of the Order of the Glass Menagerie. She, Dr. Shudder
and Midian form the Guild's Council itself, though the
involvement of the latter two is minimized. The Order's
mandate is to create Haunters who are free of Sweet
Sorrow's influence. While this has proven difficult, the

She later discovered that she was
one of six people whom Midian
had followed, all of whom fit the
criteria of what he needed. She
had simply been unfortunate
enough to die first, having bro-
ken her neck in a fall down the
stairs. Corrina's Shadow con-
stantly tries to convince her that
Midian had a Spook push her
down the stairs in order to Reap
her soul. She cannot, however,
believe that of the man for whom
she has developed such a deep
and abiding respect.

Regardless of how she died,
Corrina was inducted into the
Guild, and was trained by
Midian and Dr. Shudder in se-
crecy on how to be a Haunter.
It took close to a century of tu-
telage before Corrina was con-
sidered ready for her task, and
before the Order of the Glass

with the Laughing Lady
through the Bedlameers. She
believes she can further her
dreams of toppling the Hierarchy if she finds a way of usurping
the Laughing Lady and assuming her position. Sweet Sorrow also
holds the secret of Midian's identity, having spoken to the wraith
responsible for driving the man once known as Brother Pallin to
suicide all those years ago. Of course, Pallin's murderer isn't
around to share his knowledge any further; Sweet Sorrow de-
stroyed him in order to monopolize his information. She plans
on using Midian's secret to win his support for her bid for the
Seat of Succor; failing that, she may reveal his humiliation in an
attempt to unseat him as Guildmaster.

The one matter that troubles Sweet Sorrow is the presence
of the Order of the Glass Menagerie, which steadfastly resists
her followers' attempts to infiltrate it. She suspects, however,
that the Menagerie has links to the mysterious Council. While
she has not yet been able to determine who occupies the Coun-

68 Guildbook: Haunters

plan has worked thus far, giving Dr. Shudder ane
the loyal Haunters they may need in the time to come.

ene Menagerie (complete with a
roster stocked with Haunters
loyal to Midian and Dr. Shud-
der) was created as a front for her sudden emergence. The
alliance's stated goal was to bring the Haunters together as a
unified Guild, but their secret agenda was, and still is, to cre-
ate a group of wraiths free of Sweet Sorrow's influence.

As far as most Haunters are concerned, Corrina is just
another wraith working for the enigmatic Council that she
herself has never met. In truth, she is actually part of the
Council, working with Midian and Dr. Shudder. This little
deception allows her to keep an eye on Sweet Sorrow, fully
aware of the suspicions her patrons harbor against the Grand-
mother of the Haunters. However, Corrina is being watched
by Sweet Sorrow as well, who has a sneaking feeling that the
young wraith is not sharing everything she knows with her
dear old Grandmother...

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina.

@0000
@0000
@0000

Demeanor:
Shadow:

Attributes
Social
Charisma

Manipulation.
Appearance.

wocccccccoceccosce|s Mbilities

Talents

| Alertness

Athletics.
Awareness.

| Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression
Intimidation
Streetwise
Subterfuge

Bacgounds

00000
OO0000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

Gui

akills

Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation
Melee
Performance
Repair.
Stealth.

@0000 Perception
@0000 Intelligence
@0000 Wits

OOOOO Bureaucracy.
OOOO0O Computer
OOOOO Enigmas
OOOOO Investigation.
OOOOO Law
OOOOO Linguistics.
OOOOO Medicine
OOO0O0ON Occult
OOOOO Politics.
OOOOO Science.

Mental

knowledges
OOOO0O
OOO00O
00000
00000
OOO0O0O0
00000
OOO0O0O0
OO0O0O0O0
00000
00000

Passions

OO00O0

OOO00O

OO0000

OO00O0

OO0000

OO0000

O0000


history
life

Age. Apparent Age Date of Birth R.LP. Gender.

Height Weight Hair. Eyes. Race.

Nationality. Garb.

Other Distinguishing Features,

HADO

Psyche: Archetype:
Shadowguide Player:

Thorns Angst Dark Passions
O0O00000000
o000000000 et

OOO0O0O
OO0O00O

Psyche Willpower 00000
0000000000 0000)


hierarchy/Renegade/Heretc Status

Fidolon Guild Status

Alliance

Memoriam Mentor

Notoriety Wealth

Relis

(weeeccoccoccecoes|avorite Haunting Jectniques-eeoeccocccccocccs


Cost flaw

| | HE fetters POOODCOOD1 CoocOoecoo Experience

00000 |
coco [otal
00000 :
00.000 Total Spent On
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000

(| temo e Ancient/New Arts Known mere

| 00-00-00 Usual Haunts -ODOO0-00 ccecccn: (ill Standing & Contacts -coererer-o-m
Standing

an
Guild Contacts

Apprenticed To:

Weapon Difficulty | Damage | Conceal] Range Brawling Table
Maneuver Accuracy Damage
Bite 5 Strength +1

Punch 6 Strength
Grapple 6 Strength
Chw 6 Strength +2
Kick 7 Strength +1
Body Slam 7 Special; see Options


do yOU WaNt t0 PIAY with
MadgNEs9?

Hi, there-l know you're not dead yer, but we're working

on it. Anyway, 1 was wondering if you'd thought about your

Cafeer prospects orice I finally get around-to killing you. T was

hoping you'd consider coming to work for us. Nov Youwon't even
consider it? Oh, well.

And, yes, I'm going to kill you anyway:

And All Pandemonium Breaks Loose!

Some wraiths see messing with the living-as a hobby; orhets See it as a
crime. Then there are the Haunters, to whom it's a calling. They're the
ones who make the stories you read in the tabloid rags, the ones who make
the walls bleed and the the sky rain verniin. They're the ones who like
to terrorize the innocent, to hound the wicked) and generally to-make
life-hell for anyone they can find.
But they've got a reason-for it — and that's the most frightening
thing ofall.
Guildbook: Haunters is the fourth in the continuing series of
Guildbooks for Wraith: The Oblivion. Now you can get inside
the heads of those wraiths whom even Spectres consider to-be
a little odd. Here's a warning, though: Just because you get
inside their heads doesn't mean' you'll make it-out.
Guildbook: Haunters contains: 4
© The mysterious link between the Haunters
and the Wyld;
¢ Haunter recruiting practices — and,
no, they're not pretty;
«New ways to inflict GEANSESS Sy Os MA ORE

Pandemonium tipon the living — = = =
180 PARK NORTH BLVD fit "ta ae = and ore ISBN 1-56504-604-8
: = WW 6303. $12.00

p SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

| 9 ‘
&
mi)
9"781565!'04¢ we

MINDS
