# File: Heresies of the Way.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Mjcnae. BuTier, Grorrrey C. Grasowski, Ewen Kjiey,
jars Kjtex, Steve Kenson & Guy-Francs Vea

Vampjre cREaTED BY Marr Reyne Hagen

Crepjts

Authors: Michael Butler (The Scorpion Eaters), Geoffrey C.
Grabowski (The Face of the Gods), Ellen Kiley (The Spirit of
the Living Earth), James Kiley (The Spirit of the Living Earth),
Steve Kenson (The Flame of the Rising Phoenix) and Guy-
Francis Vella (The Tempest of the Inward Focus). Vampire and
the World of Darkness created by Mark Reine Hagen.
Additional Material: Lucien Soulban

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Reine Hagen
Developer: Lucien Soulban

Editor: Michelle Lyons

Art Director: Brian Glass

Layout and Typesetting: Biff!

Interior Art: Andy "Fine Andy, I'll Give You Another Week's
Extension" Brase, Becky "Oi! Congrats on the Engagement!"
Cloonan, Chynna Clugston-Major, Mike Danza, Steve
"Chunder" Prescott and Melissa Uran

Front Cover Art: Dave Leri
Front and Back Cover Design: Brian Glass and Biff!

Fp} 154 LTONDR

* STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083
USA

PUBLISHING

Heresies oF THe Way

ee Ge

"iy Arana Fjeww Tryp" Spejar THanks

Philippe "Twisted Metal" Boulle, for applying Que-
bec road rules on Atlanta's streets and taking me to the
best restaurants.

Bill "Thespian" Bridges, for those great pictures of him in
tights... Wait, maybe I should be thanking Phil instead.

Carl "Jedi Mind Tricks" Bowen, for sitting back,
contemplating the universe and looking like the tallest Yoda
I've ever seen.

John "Bugman" Chambers, for being the only one to laugh
(okay... groan) at my "werewolves are Klingon cool," joke.
Sorry we crushed your bugs.

Ken "Health Nut" Cliffe, for skipping dinners to go work
out, then blowing it all on... biscuits and gravy. Thanks for
picking me up and dropping me off at the airport.

Matt "WASP" McFarland, for teaching me how to order
German food and joining us for some messy rib-eatin'.

Cynthia "Eep" Summers, for not bashing me over the
head when she walked into her office.

Mike "Godlike" Tinney, for providing the voice of reason
while still allowing people to express their ideas.

Fred "Bones" Yelk, for his hospitality and movie sugges-
tions. Bones really sucked, by the way.

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly
forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character
sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade and World of Darkness are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Kindred of
the East, Demon the Fallen, Year of the Damned, Kindred of the East
Companion, Killing Streets, The Thousand Hells, Dharma Book Bone
Flowers, Dharma Book Devil Tigers, Dharma Book Thousand Whis-
pers, Dharma Book Thrashing Dragons and Heresies of the Way are

trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are

copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction.
and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


ConTENTS —— ~

JNTRODUCT|ON a
CuapreR Ones Te Flame oF tHe Rising PHornjx 8
CuapteR Two: Tie Tempest oF THE fNWARD Focus 34
Cuaprer Turee: Tue Face or tHe Gops 60
Cuapter Four: Tie Spjrjt oF THe Living Eartu 8s

Carrer Five: Tue Scorpjon Eaters W112

Mr =
x ~~
7a

aa Ye |
A

=I

ee
= ee

4 Tek,

furnovvcrjon

INFRODULTION

Welcome to the bare seconds defining the span between
Ages, the mere inch where this epoch teeters dangerously
close to the precipice of the Sixth Age. Some Wan Kuei
push against the Great Cycle, hoping to forestall that
inevitable last click, but how does one stop a great wheel,
already five ages in motion, when it's been barreling down
time's steep slope? You can't, argue most Kuei-jin, but that
doesn't stop them from railing out against the symptoms of
the impending Sixth Age.

What are these symptoms? Well, according to the
Quincunx, the most obvious are called the heresies, a
collection of beliefs that fell far from the cherty blossom tree
of Xue's vaunted Fivefold Way. Are these heresies actually
evil, responsible for the world's calamities? No, but they
make for fine scapegoats, nonetheless.

Heresies of the Way delves into the history and
structure of four Dharmas already offered some coverage in
the Kindred of the East Companion, as well as one Dharma
new to the Middle Kingdom. The first four are probably as
old as, if not older than, the Quincunx. They are: The
Flame of the Rising Phoenix, The Tempest of the Inward
Focus, The Face of the Gods and The Spirit of the Living
Earth. Their "misfortune," as it were, stems from the crime
of not being Chinese and, therefore, inferior to cultured
thought. The fifth Dharma, however, is unapologetic in its
quest for survival at any cost. Known as the Scorpion
Eaters, this lot thrives on the projected misery of the Sixth
‘Age. They can even consume corrupted Chi. Of the five
heresies covered in this book, they are perhaps closest to
the accusation of "akuma"'.

Still, this is the World of Darkness. Even Heaven and
Hell possess shades of gray, as evidenced by Demon: The
Fallen. Are these Dharmas actually evil, or simply consumed
byagendas outside the Quincunx's mandates? Perhaps neither
or, more likely, a touch of both. You decide.

Nane Your Price

Although this book deals with heresies against the five
established Dharmas and the Quincunx, these chapters
make no attempt to validate or refute the beliefs of these
heretical paths. The truth is, the road to Hell is paved with
good intentions. The five groups herein operate on the
assumption that their philosophy is the one true road to
happiness... or at least survival. In light of the Year of the
Damned — what cost is too high a price for one's soul?

The first four sections are written largely from an in-
character perspective, by which the reader can understand
the Dharma from the point of view of one of its members.
While this undoubtedly presents a bias in favor of the
Dharma, it is important to realize that each Dharma is
dangerous not because of its philosophy, but its desires. All
Dharmas are victims and targets by virtue of their needs and
aspirations.

Fortunately for the five established Ways, Xue and the
Quincunx provided them with a framework in which to
practice their Dharmas. These codes of conduct provide a
safety net beyond the Dharma itself, protecting the vampires
from dangerous choices. Tack on the Black Iron Talons sect
of the Devil-Tigers in addition to other policing forces
watching for signs of apostasy, and you have a society with
better protection than most — even if that protection does
act as something of a bureaucratic nightmare.

The heresies, however, have no "friendly" policing
force outside of themselves. Even then, most membersare so
scattered and isolated that they can only rely on the help of
one or two other Kuei-jin. While they may be targets of the
Quincunx because of philosophical shortcomings, they are
made greater targets by the Yama Kings' minions — who
have less fear of getting caught or attacked when approaching

these stragglers. It's the lone sheep syndrome, where the
wolf attacks the lamb grazing outside the herd, a victim by
virtue of its isolation.

The final Dharma, the Scorpion Eaters, is presented in
amore neutral fashion. Due to its relative youth, the Dharma
still lacks sufficient cohesion for a common voice to emerge
with any authority.

CuapTeR ONE:
The Fiame oF tHe Rjsjng PHOENjX

What would you sacrifice for the chance to return
home, to a normal life? The Five August Courts and Xue
were perhaps wise in encouraging vampires to forget their
mortal families and friends. Regardlessa Kuei-jin's intentions,
he is invariably a "thing," a product of his hunger for Chi.
When he slips into fire, wave or shadow soul — and he will
slip — then Heaven help anyone around him.

The Flame of the Rising Phoenix, however, believes
differently, They contend that they can stay ahead of the
hunger and keep their appetites isolated from their mortal
loves. Unfortunately, the proclamation is far easier than the
application. When a Rising Phoenix slips, he falls far.

This Dharma's weakness, and perhaps greatest folly, is
their unwillingness to surrender their old lives and begin a
new existence. In doing so, they jeopardize the very people
they claim to love. This then begs the question: are they
pursuing this course of action to right their wrongs, or is it
for more selfish reasons — an unwillingness to surrender the
familiar, regardless its eventual cost?

While Kuei-jin argue semantics, the fact remains that
the Yama Kings know how to prey upon these Phoenixes all
too easily. Phoenix aims may be altruistic, but the ends are
all too fragile and thus exploitable. What happens when the
Phoenix is bereft of family, or loses a loved one ina moment
of fire soul? What happens when the Phoenix outlives
everyone who once anchored him to this existence? What
will he do, willingly, to protect his beloved from harm, age
or even himself? These are the questions demons whisper in
a Phoenix's ears, using the Kuei-jin's fears and concerns for
family asa lever against him. What is your soul worth against
the safety and longevity of those you care for? Terrible
questions for anyone to face in the dark, especially when it's
the dark asking them in the first place.

Cuapter Two:
Tue Tempest oF THE jNWARD Focus

Life is an illusion; the only constants are the universal
polar forces working against each other like dark and light,
north and south, Yin and Yang. These opposing dynamics
collide with one another, driving all things to action, but
somewhere in the perfect center between the two lies a point
of absolute serenity where everything is still again... and
whole. It is a perfect balance; a singular existence; a
homogenous mix of its contributing elements... that state of
one, framing the perfection of the First and Twelfth Age.

The Tempests believe that to uncover this pure state,
one must explore the polarities of life, the extremes of all
pursuits. To find the balance and center within, one must
first understand discord. In essence, they encompass
everything, thereby incorporating the dynamic flows within
themselves and becoming the absolute axis where the

HERESIES OF

ne Way

extremes intersect and, hopefully, steady one another. The
Tempests believe strongly in their ultimate goal, and are
thus blind to the more immediate perils born from the
pursuit of their current "experience."

What proves dangerous for this Dharma stems from a
simple form of baiting. Young Tempests tend to
underestimate Yomi's minions because they believe them
illusions given form by the delusions of another. Older
Tempests recognize demons as mirages, though dangerous
mirages nonetheless.

Regardless, demons are often far more ingenious when it
comes to exploring heinous vices, malignant appetites and
vile proclivities. It proves relatively simple for a demon to
create some new sensation or experience with which to lure
the Tempest into experimenting beyond the fringes of caution.
"Why do you fear this pleasure?" the demon might goad.
"Without willingness to explore this extreme, how can you
claim yourself complete? How can you ever achieve balance
knowing you could not venture beyond your own confines?"

The aim of such lures is not to ensnare the Kuei-jin
immediately, but to slowly inure him to his own morals
through increasingly extreme experiments. Eventually the
vampire will hit the point of no return, when the P'o is
stronger than the Hun because the Tempest strayed too far
from his center. Therein lies the danger of being Tempest...
the risk that sometimes, things on the edge of dynamic
momentum can spin out of control forever.

Cuaprer THREES
The Face or tHe Gops

The Face of the Gods, deities in exile according to their
faith, pursue the adoration of a new pantheon of gods —
themselves. The Quincunx fears these vampires, if only
because they perpetuate the foolishness of the Wan Xian,
the folly of hubris. The Kuei-jin pride themselves on having
learnt from their mistakes, but what of the imprudent vampire
who refutes conventional wisdom and tries scaling Heaven's
mountain after the August Personage of Jade pushed him off
‘once already? The Quincunx calls it heresy, but the Gods
believe it perseverance.

The Gods have one goal in mind... to reclaim their
place in Heaven as equals to all the spirits around them.
The folly of this Dharma, however, is that they believe
themselves free of danger because they adhere toa different
cosmology; one born of the Indian subcontinent where the
gods exhibit both divine and unholy facades. Certainly,
the Yama Kings exist, but the Gods believe them peers to
their own unclaimed thrones. It's a belief the Yama Kings
are only too happy to foster.

Unfortunately, the Dharma's plans to retake their
place in Heaven lack a specific itinerary. With no
bodhisattvas in sight and no idea on how to wage such a
celestial war, the Gods are ultimately lost as they look for
the answers to their dilemmas. Naturally where there's a
want, there are the Yama Kings, offering solutions seemingly
tailor-made for the Gods.

While this Dharma's wants are great, however, they
possess both the community framework to protect another
and the arrogance not to share their divinity with other
beings. Still, the Yama Kings are patient. The Gods do not
believe in the impeding arrival of Hell as professed by the

jurropucrjon

Courts and are thus off guard. Already several ancestors stand
on the cusp of bodhisattva, but none can make that final step
across. With time, their impatience will grow in proportion to
their desire and desperation, eventually leading them to the
Yama Kings for help. When that time comes, the true akuma
can sweep through this Dharma from the top down.

Cuaprer Four:
Tue Spjrjt or THE Living Earth

There is a spirit in everything, from the doorway in your
room to the sentence you just read. The Spirit of the Living
Earth understands these kami better than most. Their array
of rituals and rites force the spirits to respond and act on
their behalf, though the Dharma also honors these beings
for their services.

This path shares similarities with the Shinto faith, a
parallel that earns them no end of grief with the Quincunx.
They are a heresy, the Five August Courts claim, because
they follow a mortal religion (which, in fact, they do not)
and because they consort with a variety of spirits, including
demonic ones. The last part is partially correct, but only
because the Spirits consider it their duty to serve all the
various shen of the ephemera, both good and evil. If this
practice of serving the evil spirits is becoming increasingly
more frequent, it's because the Dharma is becoming more
vulnerable to the changing world. More so than any other
Dharma, they are closely tied to the natural world around
them. They must change alongside it if they are to survive.

Pollution, radiation and a growing gap between today's
Asia and yesterday's traditions leave Dragon Nests ravaged
by toxins and many nature spirits and ghosts poisoned or
ignored. The Spirit of the Living Earth, unfortunately, has
long relied on these resources to survive and provide it with
strength. Indeed, those within the Dharma aspire to become
kami one day, releasing themselves from this noxious flesh
and entering the Spirit Worlds with their P'o and Hun
whole. Unfortunately, that dream grows more distant with
each passing night.

The Dharma itself is fractured and split, either by
terrain or by rivalries, and thus unable to consolidate their
powers orknowledge. Secondly, the Dharma is losing sources
of pure Chi to the Sixth Age and other shen fighting for
these dwindling natural resources. With each corrupted
Dragon Nest, the kami likewise become more strange and
unpredictable.

The Dharma has a tradition of appeasing both good
kami and evil spirits, so concourse with demons is not
entirely unknown or repugnant to them. Unfortunately, as
more kami grow evil or uncaring, the Spirits temain steadfast
in their willingness to serve them. The Dharma isn't growing
evil, one might say, though those they serve and petition
are. This presents the Yama Kings with potentially unwitting
allies, ones who may eventually serve them by default.

CuapTer Fives
Tue Scorpjon Eaters

The Scorpion Eaters: avatars of Triad-movie chic and
everything violent and shiny in Asia, they could almost be
apop Dharma... if one was stupid enough to underestimate

them. The Scorpion Eaters are the new face of urban
vampires, the ones willing to do whateverit takes to survive...

and they like their corn flakes irradiated. The Eaters have
the singular distinction of being able to ingest toxic,Chi,
whether from the tainted Dragon Nests of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki or the polluted filth of the Ganges. Perhaps more
fearful, however, is their ability to poison Dragon Nests and
turn them virulent to other Kuei-jin. The Quincunx calls
their heinous powers the work of the Yama Kings, but the
Scorpion Eaters call it territorial acquisition and securing
the supply lines. It's all about survival.

The amusing thing is that while the Quincunx labels
these Scorpion Eaters akuma (and rightfully so, the Eaters
claim), they are also the safest from the Yama Kings'
depredations. This Dharma has no intention of allowing
demons to rule them, but they also recognize that Yomi will
control the next several Ages, once the Demon Emperor
tises to assume the August Personage's throne. Instead of
fighting what they believe an eventuality, the Scorpion
Eaters have entered a non-aggression pact with the Yama
Kings. They have promised not to intervene in the Yama
Kings' rise to power or to help the Quincunx. In exchange,
the Scorpion Eaters earn the power to consume tainted Chi.

The Scorpion Eaters are arrogant, cocky, and terribly
shortsighted. By virtue of their neutrality, they already
benefit the Yama Kings by distracting the Quincunx and by
poisoning the remaining Dragon Nests. In turn, the Scorpion
Eaters are growing overconfident and brazen in theirattitudes
under the belief they possess the blessing of "the new
regime." Oh, they still hide from the Quincunx and its
agents, but they don't believe the Five August Courts will be
around long enough to cause them any great worries. And
who knows, they may be right, as the Yama Kings don't
intend to hinder or bother the Scorpion Eaters.

THeme

The Dharmas are a result of nurture over nature. The
Quincunx has long sown an ill crop across Asia, forcing its
views and beliefs upon Kuei-jin of different cultural
experiences. In ostracizing these groups, the Quincunx did
a great deal to drive them into the hands of the akuma. In
other words, the hastening of the Sixth Age is partially the
result of the Five August Courts' attempts to slow the Wheel
of Ages down. Call it a self-fulfilling prophecy or simply
divine justice. Either one bears ugly fruit.

Are the Dharmas innocent, though? No, not entirely.
It's hard to back out of a corner when the Quincunx keeps
shoving you there, admittedly. This is part of the fight or flee
instinct in us all. Unfortunately, when crying "persecution"
leads to its own atrocities in the name of freedom, there's too
much blood in the mix for anyone to come out clean. That's
the wonderful truth behind the World of Darkness. Nobody
is made of Teflon; everyone gets dirty.

This book covers the repercussions and backlash of
those follies. The heretical Dharmas are well aware that
change is in the wind, and they will capitalize on that as
much as they can. What convictions might emerge from
this awareness: Revenge? Recognition? Rebellion?
Regardless, the theme invariably ties back into the lust for
power, whether over self, over destiny, over others or over
creation. Just how far, though, are these Dharmas willing
to go for their slice of Heaven? That's for each Storyteller
to determine for his game.


Sa SN

Gi, fy lll

Chaprer One: The Fianr oF THe Rising PHOEN)X

CHAPTER ONE:
NE FLAME OF
FHE RISING
PHOSMIX

PRELUDE? GREETINGS,
HonoreD READER,

Ido not know if commit my words here to history or to
the flames, although itis my greatest wish to reveal the truth
of the coming Age so that blind eyes may open to it. I know
it is likelier that readers will curn away from. my words,
crying "heresy, heresy," but I ask, how can words trouble
you? What do you fear from the truth? If you are strong and
resolute in your Way, then read on and see for a time
through other eyes. If you doubt and question, then may the
knowledge here guide you toward the path for which you
were destined.

Lam Jiwan Shan, and for four years, I heard the Song of
the Shadow. I whispered in the dark with ghosts and did
their bidding in the Middle Kingdom to give them rest,
without seeking any for myself. I embraced the Cold Mind
of Yin to soothe the fires burning in my soul and chain the
demon. that howled there. I devoted myself to knowledge
and understanding of the Demon People's place within the
Great Cycle. That understandingshatteredall that I thought
[knew and believed. Inthe eyes of the Honored Courts'
ancestors, that makes me a heretic, an outcast, and akuma.
Sobe it. The truth always exacts its most terrible price.

But whatever I may. be, I am no fool. Although I am
still young in the' ways and wisdom of our people, I
understand the quest for enlightenment It is one the Wan
Kuei have followed since the Ten Thousand Immortals fell

and the August Personage in Jade laid his punishment
upon them. My Dharma taught me to learn my lessons
dispassionately, to dissect the truth and study it from all
sides. That showed me there is more than just the Fivefold
Way of Xue and the August Courts. The fire reborn within
ny heart tells me there is more in the designs of Heaven
than we may ever know.

I came seeking to understand the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix, and succeeded beyond all imagining. The August
Courts considered the very subject of my search heresy.
What wisdom, the mandarins still argue, is found in a
heretical path? All we need know is in the sacred texts of the
Divine Xue and his disciples, in the Great Principle. If so, I
ask in return, then why are the August Courts so imperfect?
Why does corruption riddle the Middle Kingdom, rotting it
from within? Why does the Eye of the Demon Emperor hang
in the Heavens even now, mocking the very mandate the
ancestors claim as their own?

I set out to explore what others refused to see, but
the Flame of the Rising Phoenix does not shine brightly.
Its followers must conceal its light from ignorant eyes,
and finding them is often a matter of them finding you
first. Speaking with them, learning about their ways is
even harder.

Tbegan my travels on the island of Sri Lanka in the heart
of the Infinite Thunders Court, long believed a stronghold
of the Rising Phoenix Dharma. I never had previous cause to
visit the Infinite Thunders Court, so I had no idea what to
expect. My elders taught me that this Court is depraved,


where akuma prey upon all visitors. I was prepared for
anything... except, of course, for what actually lay in wait.

On the surface the Infinite Thunders Court is a troubled
place, like so much of the Middle Kingdom. Struggles between
ethnic and religious groups tear the land apart, with the
terrorist Tamil Tigers (and other factions) striking in cities
like Colombo and claiming northern parts of Sri Lanka for
themselves. Still, the political unrest does not prevent
thousands of mortals from visiting Sri Lanka each year.
They come to experience the wonders that drew travelers to
this island for centuries, earning it a reputation as a place of
legends and giving it many names like Resplendent Isle,
Pearl of the East, and Island of Dharma. From the moment
I set foot on its soil, | felt a sensation unknown to me since
the Second Breath. It was the brief serenity following my
escape from hell... it was returning to a familiar place.

I arranged for lodgings in Colombo and prepared to.
present myself to the Infinite Thunders Court. Walking
through the dim and dusty streets of the city, I felt the flow
of humanity surge around me, like the petulant push of the
wind. I stood apart from it all, cold and distant, secure in my
spiritual armor, strong in my self-assurance. How superior |
felt to those poor wretches who I passed on the streets... how
certain was | of my place in Heaven's design.

That was when Prachak crossed my path. I mistook him
fora mere beggar at first, one of many looking for a few coins,
jabbering away in a constant stream of noise that you
learned to ignore. I almost tripped over him, literally, when
he stepped in my way. When I turned my cold glare at him,
he simply smiled and held out a hand. I began to turn away,
but he spoke with a voice that cut through my armor like a
warm breeze.

"You're wasting your time," he said, with a soft, almost
fatherly edge to his voice, "expecting to find the Flame in
sutras and ancient texts."

I turned slowly back to face the grinning beggar.

"How do you know what I seek?" I asked cautiously.

He shrugged. "Many seek the Flame," he replied, "and
most look in the wrong place. You have that look, so serious
and studious, but... perhaps I was mistaken."

The beggar turned away from me. Part of me said to let
him go; he spoke foolishness, but another part....

"Wait," I said, stepping toward him; he paused. "I do
seek the Flame. Can you tell me about it?"

He smiled again and shook his head. "No, but can show
you, if you wish." He held out his hand expectantly.

Ireached into a pocket and pressed some money into his
hand. It was warm and dry and he pressed his other hand
firmly on top of mine. How cold my flesh must seem to him.
If it bothered him, he showed no sign of it.

"My name is Prachak," he said. "Come with me. We will
meet my family."

LT expected, perhaps, to meet Prachak's wu. Little did I
know that he was referring to his real, living, family... his
blood relations. My new guide took me into a crowded
Colombo district, where he shed some of his beggar guise,
standing straighter and walking with more certainty.

His home was humble and betrayed its years of wear. As
we approached, a small form bolted from the door and
slammed into Prachak's legs.

"Papa! Papa!" she said. Prachak lifted the exuberant
little girl from the ground and held her in his arms. She
wasn't more than four or five years old. I must have stared in

Heresies oF THe Way

bewilderment at this tender, almost mortal scene because
Prachak looked at me and laughed.

"Come in," he said. [entered the house and met Prachak's
wife, Sepna, and their four children. Sina, the little girl who
greeted us, was the youngest. If Sepna thought it odd that
Prachak brought home a well-dressed foreigner, she didn't
show it. She offered me all the hospitality of family. After I
assured her for the third time that I didn't need any further
refreshment, she excused herself and put the children to
bed, leaving Prachak and I alone.

Prachak offered me some tobacco. When I refused, he
lit his pipe and sat back for a moment, savoring the smoke
and letting it billow around him. It filled the air with its
sweet, pungent aroma.

"I took the Second Breath three years ago," Prachak
began. It was the first time he confirmed he was indeed Wan
Kuei. Everything before this moment made him seem nothing
more than a well-informed mortal, though I sensed otherwise.

"I was starving and ill," Prachak continued. "We did not
have the money for a doctor, and what food we had went to
the children. Sepna cared for me tenderly, but my fever grew
worse and I couldn't breathe properly." He took a deep puff
from his pipe, clearly enraptured by this simplest of sensations,
before exhaling slowly.

"I feared for myself, but most of all... I feared for my
family. How would they survive? My last dying thought was
that I'd failed them. I drank too much... I was too lazy... If
Thad been a better husband and father..." He waved off the
thought, churning swirls in the smoke.

"My sins dragged me to Hell, as you well know."

I showed no outward sign of acknowledgment, but
inwardly I cringed at the recollection of Yomi's touch.

"There maggots ate my flesh and devils seared my skin,"
Prachak said, forcing me to recall my own torments. "They
punished me for failing my family, but they unwittingly
reminded me of who I struggled for and loved. It gave me the
strength to escape and to return here." He touched his chest,
showing that "here" meant not only the Middle Kingdom,
but also the flesh he now inhabited.

"Sepna had called for a doctor when I died; he
pronounced me dead. I could hear her weeping when I took
the Second Breath and... awoke. | felt the desire of the
demon within me, like some black sea screaming for her,
but I managed to quell it, subdue its waves. I would not fail
her again.

"Sepna was overjoyed at my return... she believed ita
miracle, and it was. That night, while she slept, | slipped out
to satisfy my hunger. It was the demon's price for ensuring
her safety. | gladly paid it over and over again in the
following evenings, if for her and our children alone. And
on each excursion, I... gained enough money to buy food
and medicine for a short while." Prachak paused a moment,
puffing on his pipe as though recalling those first nights, the
first kills. I scarcely remembered my own, ridden by the
demon in a frenzy of hunger.

"It wasn't long before others found me and taught me,"
Prachak said. "learned more about the miracle that brought
me back from Hell to amend my sins and care for my family.
We've been given a great gift," he said to me, "a gift most
squander in petty games, pursuing dreams of grandeur they
don't deserve."

I considered that fora moment. "So, since your Second
Breath, you've been...."

Guaprer Ones The Fiame oF He Rising PHoEnx

"Right here," Prachak said, "where | belong."

"Why trust me with this? I asked.

"The Flame isa beacon for Wan Kuei. They recognize
itasa light to guide their path just as it recognizes themyas
followers... whether they know it or not."

"Are you certain?" I said. "Am I supposedito be here?"

"If not, then where do you belong, my friend?"

When he asked, I realized I hadn't known the answer to
that question for a long time.

x

i

The loss of one of my most promising students
/ even in the Bone Court of Chong So let his last
cools oe rh yes to show we do ot fear heres;
ur determinatio: int pa fepaS
ac cds opened t rnd At
Ba i this also serve as a warn a ‘ciRce
i __ who stray too far from the path in search of Ln lee:
| Donotstumble blindly into the dark. Carry your Dharma
the lamp to guide steps and you will not falter.
un Yuwei, archi ist and Pie of the Rope See

Wie Sites

HisTorY

The Dharma known as the Flame of the Rising Phoenix
extends back to the Fourth Age and the creation of the
Scarlet Phoenix Court in the south of the Middle Kingdom.
In that time, Wan' Kuei of the Scarlet Phoenix came to
Lanka, which was inhabited by fierce yaksas, spirits and
shapechangers. The Wan Kuei drove these shen back into
the wild places, making room for mortals to settle the land
and support the Court's Demon People.

Like most of the Scarlet Phoenix Court, Lanka's Kuei-
jinfell victim to the temptations of the Yama Kings. Ravana,
Rajah of Demons, took particular delight in corrupting Wan
Kuei and hengeyokai and bringing them into his service as
his rakshas. It wasn't long before Lanka became Ravana's
stronghold in the Middle Kingdom, a place of wickedness
and evilamidst the corruption of the Scarlet Phoenix Court.

Those spirits who fought their way free of Yomi and
returned to Lanka found themselves trapped inan extension
of Ravana's Hell. They had only two choices: yield to the
demon within them and join the ranks of Ravana's akuma,
or strengthen their Hunand hold to their moral principles.
This brought some to the Way of the Resplendent Crane,
but the rakshas delighted in hunting this Dharma's followers.
‘The Shining Ice Guardians concerned themselves only with
overcoming Ravana and,his demon servants, not with the
future fate of the isle of Lanka itself.

So it was that a man named Kataragama took the
Second Breath in Lanka, rising from the tortures of Yomi
and wrestling with his own demon nature. He was a humble
man in life and more so after Heaven had levied its judgment
upon him. He rejected the temptations of the Rajah of
Demons. He looked upon the Shining Ice Guardians and
saw how they lorded their power over others and rejected
them aswell. Instead, Kataragama returned to his mortal life
and family, and did his best to protect them from harm.

His deeds drew the' attention of other mortals, who
tallied around him and-considered him a hero. He also

gained the respect of the Emerald Mother's Beast Courts,
and Kataragama aided the clever hengeyokai Hanuman in
overcoming Ravana. Together Kataragama and the Monkey
Hero harried Ravana's followers. They purged the Yama
King's Lankaiin flames and consigned it back into the Yomi
World, restoring the island to the paradise it had once been.
It was now called Ceylon, or Serendib.

After Ravana's defeat, Kataragama retired to the small
village that now bears his name. There he laid out the tenets
for the Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma and gathered
his first students around him. Prachak told me how
Kataragama achieved enlightenment long ago, leaving
behind only his teachings and his wisdom. Ever since then,
Sri Lanka has been the center of the Rising Phoenix, where
the bodhisattva's teachings are preserved.

After the Yama King had fled, Kuei-jin and mortals
from India settled in Ceylon where a number of Sinhalese
kingdoms took root. The wisdom of the Buddha flourished
and co-existed with local Hinduism. Petty kingdoms struggled
over the island for centuries while the Infinite Thunders
Court established itself, extending its influence over the
mainland even as Indian princes and rajahs reached out to
Ceylon. The Court lay far enough beyond the reach of the
Quincunx that there was little conflict with them, though
the Flesh Court sometimes sought to extend its influence
toward Bangladesh and India.

Any conflict between the Infinite Thunders Court and
the Flesh Court became secondary when gweilo first arrived.
The Portuguese established a colony at Colombo in the 16th
century and soon took control of the island. Some fifty years
later, the Sinhalese kingdom of Kandy enlisted the aid of the
Dutch in pushing out the Portuguese. The Dutch held
Ceylon but ignored it for decades, until the English took
from them in 1796 with little effort. The British Empire
tuled the island and imported Tamil laborers from India to
work the coffee, tea, cinnamon, and coconut plantations.

With the Europeans came the first Kin-jin to the Middle
Kingdom. The Kin-jin were always few in Sri Lanka's nights,
and the Infinite Thunders Court remained well-hidden
thanks to the Rising Phoenixes. Their mortal existence and
families concealed them as well, if not better, than the
Westerners' Masquerade. The invaders were not interested
in the spiritual mysteries of the island or its people, so they
were scarcely even aware the Court existed.

The same could be said of the Quincunx, which focused
on other matters for centuries, paying little heed to the
Infinite Thunders Court. It was not until the Eye of the
Demon Emperor appeared that the August Courts cries
against the akuma became so strident, or that the ancestors
saw servants of the Yama Kings everywhere. The rise of a
powerful Kin-jin demon and the destruction of three
bodhisattvas in the Infinite Thunders' domain turned the
Middle Kingdom's attentions here.

Now the Quincunx says it will stamp out the Yama
Kings' forces and restore righteousness to the Middle
Kingdom. It says that it will no longer tolerate heresies of
Dharmas like the Rising Phoenix. The Rising Phoenixes are
not overly concerned. They hid their light for many centuries
now, and will continue to do so even into the dawning of the
Sixth Age. I came here to understand what the Quincunx
considers such a threat, and I have learned. The Rising
Phoenix Dharma is a danger to the August Courts, but not
in the way they believe.

12

Socjery

The society of this Dharma is deceptively simple, often
obscured by stereotypes and misunderstandings. Phoenixes
follow the teachings of Kataragama (though they don't
always agree on the exact interpretations of his words).
They seek their own humanity and do not exalt themselves
as so many other Kuei-jin. They simply exist and look to
correct the mistakes of their past... to free themselves from
the Great Cycle as illustrated by their bodhisattva.

TeNets oF THE Rjsjng PHoOENjX

The wisdom of Kataragama is evident in the Rising
Phoenix's eight tenets. They describe the path in its entirety,
and all that the followers need to achieve understanding. It
often takes as long as a mortal lifetime to truly understand
their wisdom, though. According to Prachak, some grasp the
fundamentals of the tenets right away, while others struggle.

Teners oF THE Rysing PHoENjx
eturn to the world from which you came.

2, Repay the debts of your human life.
3. Help.others find the unique value

of humanity.

~ 4, Fight the Demon and deny monstrosity.
- Live not with extremes or balance,
but simply well.

6. Wake the sleeper who shuns expérience.
Life is the arising of experience.

| 7. Never deny the joys and sorrows of living.

8. Return to your mortal ways; seek your
human state.

The First Tener:
Tue ReTurn

"Return to the world from which you came," says the
Phoenix's premier tenet. Followers of the Fivefold Way of
Xue see the Second Breath as the start of a new existence, a
break from their previous mortal, lives. We died and escaped
from Hell to rise again, with a new mandate from Heaven.

The Rising Phoenixes do not share this view. They see
the Second Breath as a continuation of their previous
existence, no more new than the passage from childhood to
adulthood or adulthood to old age. Although they see and
experience things most people will never understand, like
the great change in body and spirit, they essentially remain
the same individual.

Like Kataragama, Rising Phoenixes do not leave their
old lives behind to enter the night-world of the Wan Kuei.
Instead, they return to their homes, their families and their
old lives with the knowledge that they possess a rare gift, the
opportunity to set unbalanced and inauspicious events right.
They can make amends for past failures, and they see this as
their only righteous pursuit.

"Others talk much about righteousness," Prachak told
me, "but they often begin their new existence by ignoring
the injustices they created in their own lives. It's easy to lay
claim to purity and honor when you have a clean slate. It's

Heresies oF Tue Way

harder to confront the problems that may have led to your
mortal death and set them right."

More than simply confronting the burden of their karma,
the Phoenixes embrace their humanity. We call ourselves
the Demon People... inheritors of the fallen Ten Thousand
Immortals and their sins. The Phoenixes do not lay claim to
that legacy or to the Mandate of Heaven.

"We are no longer mortal," Prachak says, "because we
have passed from life, bearing a heavy burden from our
time in Hell. But — we are still human. We still feel, still
care, and still bear a duty to our families... to our original
purpose in this world. It is that same purpose that forced
the rebirth upon us once more. It is so strong that not even
death keeps us from fulfilling it. When we turn away from
our humanity, we shun our purpose and defile the gift of
the Second Breath."

Tue Seconp Tenet:
Tue Burpen or Karma

The Dharma's second tenet is "repay the debts of your
mortal life." The Phoenixes believe in the principle of
karma even more strongly than other Dharmas. To them, it
is Heaven's judgment that Kuei-jin return from Yomi to
correct the misdeeds of their lives and exalt righteousness.
Many of my teachers spoke against such attachments, saying
‘we must sever all anchors binding us to our old mortal lives.
We must assume the new mandate placed upon us: The
Rising Phoenixes, however, believe just the opposite.

"{t is our karma's weight that drags us down to Hell,"
Prachak said. "Our willingness to correct our misdeeds is
what allows us to return. We cannot forsake that. The
Heavens gave us the opportunity to balance the scales and
do that which we failed to accomplish in life. For some, it is
caring for family. For others it is undoing the harm they
committed... or repaying harm against others and seeing
justice done. The debts of karma are many, and resolving to
pay them is the first step of our way."

Recalling my own Second Breath and the Kuei-jin who
fall victim to their Demon, I asked Prachak... "What of
vengeance? Are there Phoenixes who rise from the grave
and seek out those who have done them wrong? Does this
balance the scales of karma?"

He shook his head sadly. "While we are often
instruments of justice, we should not be instruments of
vengeance. Often, the desire for revenge and a need to
satisfy the Demon's hunger drive the chih-mei. This further
burdens their karma, which must be balanced by righteous
action once they have conquered the Demon and learned
the way. Some followers of the way seek revenge for
injuries done to them. It becomes difficult for them to find
true peace and understanding."

This was something of an-understatement, as I later
discovered. Running Monkeys among the Rising Phoenix
are often entangled by the need for revenge... or what they
see as "justice." At the Court I heard about a young man
who died in a Tamil Tiger bombing in Colombo. He took
the Second Breath and immediately believed his karma
entailed the destruction of the terrorists responsible for his
death. When his activities threatened the stability of the
Court, a Resplendent Crane elder was forced to give him
the Final Death. Obsession leads Phoenixes to burn
brightly... and briefly.

Caapren Ones The Fame oF THE Rising PHOENIX

Tue Tarp Tenet:
Human UNDERSTANDjNG

"We must never forget from whence we came," Prachak
told me. "The third tenet tells us to ‘help others understand
the unique value of humanity,' So it is our duty to teach as
wellas learn." | understood Prachak's willingness to speak of
his Dharma while he explained this tenet.

The Flame of the Rising Phoenix believes humanity
is the source of all wisdom and Heaven's crowning
achievement. Kuei-jin should welcome human virtues
and qualities, which is why Phoenixes return to their
mortal lives. Their friends and families help them maintain
aconnection with their own humanity. Other Dharmas
shun the principles of their mortal lives, seeking perfection
by exalting wickedness, virtue, thought, passion, change,
or balance.

Phoenixes also believe in showing mortals and Kuei-jin
the human potential dwelling within them all. "Our Second
Breath proves a spark of righteousness and goodness exists
within us all. It is simply a matter of fanning that spark into
aflame," Prachak said. How much better is it that sinners be
shown the error of their ways so they can repent before Yomi
comes for them? Where the Devil-Tigers send sinners
screaming into Hell and the Resplendent Cranes castigate
them, the Rising Phoenixes hold up a mirror, a light to show
them the correct path through the darkness. They hope to
spare others from their own fate. It is not always successful.
Some refuse to listen, but others recognize their mistakes
and seek to rectify them.

"Mistakes are meant to be corrected and not used as
weapons to punish us," says the Phoenix guru Hawan Ali.
"Heaven is all-merciful in this opportunity to repent." The
Phoenixes champion righteousness through example and
gentle guidance.

Their belief in the power of humanity also makes the
Rising Phoenix Dharma humble. The followers of Xue learn
that the Wan Kuei inherited an ancient and great power.
Even in their humbled state, they are still greater than the
common masses. Not so for the Phoenixes. They seek to
remain within humanity's family.

Tae Fourth Tenet:
StruGGLE Acajnst THE Denon

A vital component in the Rising Phoenix's quest for
humanity is their struggle against the P'o. "Fight the Demon
and deny monstrosity," says Kataragama. To the Phoenix,
the Demon represents all his sins come home to roost... all
that is corrupt and evil within the soul. It is a burden each
Kuei-jin must bear and eventually overcome to reclaim his
humanity. Those who succumb to the Demon may suffer
Final Death and pass on through another cycle of the
Wheel. Those who truly fail'and fall to the Yama Kings must
bedestroyed. Their souls must pass on, and hopefully, learn
their karmic lessons in the next life.

"Weare not akuma," Prachak said firmly. "We are not
demons. The Devil-Tigers who lash sinners with barbed
whips and roast them over flames are more demons than
we can ever be, and yet they dare brand us.as outcasts,
because we do not support the Heavenly Mandate of the
Fivefold Way."

"We each struggle against the Demon, every night,
seeking to cage it while we starve it with righteousness and
weaken it with the honest flame of humanity. It isa difficult


" Indeed, the Rising Phoenixes face their greatest threat
from within. There is always the chance that their shadow
soul will overwhelm their human nature, giving the Demon
free rein to satisfy its never-ending hungers. Phoenixes also
have the most to lose, since they gather their friends and
families close at hand.

"Many would call them our greatest vulnerability,"
Prachak said, watching his youngest daughter sleep; so
peaceful... so helpless and innocent. He reached out, gently
stroking her hair with a tenderness I had never known,
before or after the Second Breath. "In truth, they are our
greatest strength. It was my love for my family that leashed
the Demon after it helped me return to the world. It is their
love, and my duty to them, that allows me to leash it still. 1
would permit nothing to bring them harm."

Their struggle against the P'o is not without its price. In
addition to the risks they take, Rising Phoenixes disdain the
Demon Arts so widespread among the Kuei-jin and the use
of Demon Chi that accompanies them. "You should accept
the Demon's gifts only with great care, and use it only in
times of greatest need. Anything else gives it too much
strength."

Tue Firre Tener:
Living Wen

"Live not with extremes or balance, but simply well,"
says the fifth tenet of the Rising Phoenix. It reveals a core
belief of the path's ethos. The Phoenixes live, they do not
merely exist. Although they have died and returned changed,
they do not see themselves as dead things, only as different
from how they were before. They have returned to life and
embrace it wholeheartedly.

"Part of our duty is to live life as never before," said
Prachak. "I know Thrashing Dragons who think living
means hurling themselves into orgies of sex, food, and other
pleasures. They make the same mistakes as mortals who use
those things to feel more alive. They only become empty
inside when the party ends and there's nothing left to eat or
screw. Kataragama encourages us to take pleasure in the
simplest things. We don't have to look for them... they've
always been here, waiting for us to notice them: a child's
laugh, the touch of a loved one's hand, honest work well
done, the gathering of family in celebration. These are all a
part of our lives."

I thought the fifth tenet weak compared to the ways of
Xue, and said as much. It dedicated one virtue above all
others. Prachak shook his head. "It's just the opposite.
Placing all emphasis on a single extreme, even one of
balance above all else, is unnatural. Consider... even the
great Xue pursued all Dharmas that he laid out for those who
followed him. It was only after experiencing all their virtues
that he achieved enlightenment. Kataragama achieved
enlightenment just by the simple act of living. That's why I
said you wouldn't find the secrets of the Flame in sutras and
scrolls. It isn't something easily transcribed or related. It is
something you must experience for yourself."

It was then I felt the stirring of an unfamiliar warmth
inside me. "How can I experience this?" I asked.

Tue SjxtH Tenet:
Waking THE SLEEPER

"You must awaken," Prachak told me. "That is the
lesson of the sixth tenet: ‘Wake the sleeper who shuns

Herisies oF Tue Way

experience. Life is the arising of experience.' All that we are,
we fashion from our experiences in life. It is when we cut
ourselves off from life that we are truly dead."

Once, the Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma tried
following this tenet to its fullest, bringing their
understanding to all Wan Kuei. Since the August Courts'
orthodoxy declared them outcasts and akuma, they now
focus their attention on mortals and those new to the
Second Breath, or those occasional seekers looking to
understand their ways, like myself.

"There are many mortals who walk through life with
their eyes closed," Prachak told me. "Some may become as
we are after death. Or, they simply move on to the next life
in the Great Cycle, repeating hardships over again until
they learn to wake up and see the world around them. The
same is true of those who have taken the Second Breath, but
rejected their second chance by makinga new set of mistakes."

Rising Phoenixes believe they have a particular duty to
chih-mei, those whose souls lie in the grips of their Demons.
They seek them out whenever possible, so they can help
them conquer their Demons and educate them in the
Dharma's ways. The August Courts call this a grave threat,
saying the Rising Phoenixes are "stealing" potential hin and
indoctrinating them into a heretical path solely as a means
of perpetuating their false beliefs. Prachak laughed when |
told him that.

"Of course that's what they think," he said. "That's
what we think of them. The difference is we don't label
people akuma for choosing another way. We may disagree
with their choices, even pity them, but we don't declare
them outcasts. We think it's important to give those newly
returned to this world a chance at the truth we understand,
before the Quincunx snatches them up like jealous hawks."

"The Devil-Tigers teach hin with lashes and hot irons.
The Rootless Trees and your own Bone Flowers teach with
meditation and endless riddles and puzzles. We teach our
neophytes by showing them how to embrace their
humanity... how to be whole, sometimes for the first time in
their lives... not de rspirits. That's the duty demanded
of us by the sixth tenet. That's what the August Courts fear."

Tue Sevenrn Tener:
Opening THe Harr

"Afraid?" I thought, "How could the revered ancestors
fear such a thing?" When | asked that of Prachak, he said it
illustrates the seventh tenet of his Dharma.

"Life can be frightening," he said. "We all know that.
After all, didn't our lives seemingly end badly before the
Second Breath?" I thought back to the razor slicing through,
the skin of my wrist and the warmth of the water as my blood
turned it crimson. How I longed for the peace of death.
Yes... things often ended badly indeed.

"All of us who have seen Hell know just how
frightening life, and death, are. There are two ways of
dealing with this fear once we return and know we must
face it again. The simplest way is to flee from the fear,
wall yourself up behind beliefs that claim you don't have
to live any longer. You can abandon the old life that gave
so much pain, so much hardship. That's what the Quincunx
encourages. Their Dharmas hide from life in one way or
another, through excess or strict devotion to balance.
They claim they're different than before, not tied to their
frightening, terrible life."

Cuaprer Ones The Fiame oF Te Rising PHoENsx

"The other way, our way, is understanding you cannot
escape. Even death does not liberate us, or anyone else. We
return from Hell so we can live again. How can we now turn
our backs on what we fought to regain? We must face our
mistakes and miseries and deal with them. In doing so, we
discover rewards unknown to those who» shut themselves
away from life. The seventh tenet tells us, ‘Never deny the
joys or sorrows of mortal life," sorrows and joys! They are
both a part of life."

Prachak shared his own struggles, before and after taking
the Second Breath. Interspersed with these tales were stories
about the things he cherished and appreciated since escaping
Yomi—from the birth of his youngest child to hisdeepening
love for his wife, to the friendships he forged in the
community and the Infinite Thunders Court. I found myself
thinking about those I left behind... how much of their brief
lives had I missed? And what had become of them since my
passing into Hell?

The Ejqura Tener:

Mortar Ways

"Return to your mortal ways; seek your mortal state,"
was Kataragama's final tenet," Prachak said. "It is the
culmination of all our way's other creeds. Rather than
believing ourselves fallen and seeking another path, we see
ourselves as human and seek to return to that state with all
the lessons that death and rebirth taught us."

Prachak asked me to consider the qualities of a true
Kuei-jin bodhisattva... what would they be? Wisdom, 1
supposed, understanding, transcendence and purity.

"A true bodhisattva," my host said, "is in harmony with
all things... is natural above all else, not unnatural." He
maintained that the Dharma's various bodhisattvas learned
the lesson the Phoenixes taught. In achieving the Hundred
Clouds, they came full circle back to their human nature.
They became perfected humans rather than gods or the
hungry dead. They learn the same lessons we do, though
they arrive by a longer road.

"To follow the Flame of the Rising Phoenix is to become
asa child once more," Prachak said. "In childhood we are
mostat harmony with what is natural in the world. We know
in our hearts what feels right and what doesn't. The Second
Breath can be a true rebirth, if we allow it to be, and our new
existence an opportunity to experience childhood again.
We are no longer innocents, but we are open to new
experiences and new needs, with a greater awareness of what
isnatural in the world. If we follow our highest instincts and
deny. the power of the demon, they can lead us to
understanding."

The jNFjNjTE THUNDERS CourT

‘After out talk, Prachak insisted I spend the day at his
family's home. The next night, he would introduce me to
the elders of the Court. I accepted his gracious offer and we
retired just before sunrise. Although the room where I rested
was simple and humble, | felt comfortable and secure.
Prose after sunset, feeling refreshed. Prachak's wife
greeted us with some simple fare, which she once again
pressed upon us. I hadn't eaten so much in months, but I did
not wish to appear rude. As we ate, I asked Prachak what I
could expect of the Infinite Thunders Court. What I had
already seen certainly did not meet my, expectations.

My host's features darkened. jali Court is not
what it was a few years ago," he said: "Dark times are upon
us, Jiwan. The cycle turns and terrible omens are everywhere."
He went on to tell me about the deaths of several ancient
bodhisattyas within the domain of the Infinite Thunders
Court. It led even more ancestors of the August Courts to
claim that akuma riddled the Infinite Thunders and that it
was all but in the hands of the Yama Kings.

"That is not so... yet. The Yama Kings, though, do turn
their greedy eyes to the Isle of Dharma and the Infinite
Thunders Court. There are those who would dearly love to
return to the days when they and their kind ruled this land...
the dread lord of the raksha most of all." He did not mention
the name of Ravana, but what properly educated Kuei-jin
did not know of one of Yomi's most infamous lords?

"There are akuma here, make no mistake. The Yama
Kings have many ways to tempt and lure us into their
service, but there are not as many as the Quincunx has you
believe. We are not all demon-ridden... no more, and
perhaps less even, than the August Courts."

T asked about the Bijali Court and Prachak told me
more as we made our way from his home into the streets
of Colombo.

"Order is an important quality to us," he said. "You may
see what appears to be disorder and chaos all around you, but
there is structure underlying it all... sometimes beyond what
we can easily see. Understanding that divine order is part of
our goal in following the way."

"That is certainly a goal I understand," I said. "My
Dharma seeks the same understanding."

"No," Prachak replied gently. "Our comprehension of
the order of things comes from our understanding of ourselves
and our own humanity. It comes from our empathy and
compassion for all living things. Your Dharma's
understanding comes from silence, darkness and speaking
with dead things. While I think you gain invaluable
knowledge for the order of death and what lies beyond, 1
think you lack an understanding and appreciation for life."

I did not wish to insult my host, so I held my reply and
asked instead about how the Infinite Thunders Court
educates its hin, if not by the Fivefold Way.

Tue Four Steps

"The Bijali Court follows Four Steps rather than five
great principles. They are also known as the Four Gateways
along our path."

"When a chih-mei first wrests control from the shadow
soul, the Court's teachers begin the process of instruction.
The first task is to master social graces, much like the hin
under the August Courts. Supplicants learn to understand
the diverse ways of our people, the names of the various
Courts, proper etiquette and behavior. We expect them to
set aside their conflicts and live harmoniously.
Unfortunately, not everyone can do so." I thought back to
Prachak's tale about the Running Monkey who sought only
vengeance and his ultimate end.

"It is also in this time that a supplicant chooses a
Dharma to follow. Students learn about the various
Dharmas so they can choose wisely and follow the path
meant for them."

"Do you teach all of the Dharmas here?" | asked. Prachak
chuckled.

16

"Do you know all of what exists when it comes to the
Dharmas?" he said in reply. "Do I? Does anyone, save the
bodhisattvas? We teach what we can from what we know.
Most of our elders follow the Path of the Resplendent Crane,
so it is the most widely taught Dharma, along with the Flame
of the Rising Phoenix. Some Dharmas have few, if any,
elders here, so they find few adherents. You won't find many
Devil-Tigers among us — or Bone Flowers, for that matter,"
he said, glancing back at me. "Thrashing Dragons are known,
but are more common in the Golden Courts; many leave
here for Indonesia and its neighbors."

"Once a student chooses a Dharma, the education
continues. Some spend a mortal lifetime or more in study
and go no further than the first gate, the Gate of Clay. A
student who masters manners and proper behavior passes
through the gate to become a Child of Clay, recognizing the
humble material we mold into things of purpose and beauty.

We came to a simple whitewashed building with thick
pillars supporting its open, arched entrance. The man
standing watch inside recognized Prachak. With a nod,
Prachak led me through, into an antechamber. We shed our
shoes and he gestured that I should sit with him on the
cushions placed for guests; he continued my lessons.

"Next comes the study of rituals and lore, along with
meditation to strengthen and nourish the mind and spirit.
Many of us neglected those things before the Second Breath,
so we promote them here. A student must have an
understanding of the nature of prana, the flow of life force,
and the lore gathered by scholars over the centuries. They
study sutras and practice. Most importantly, they practice
the ways of their Dharma, which for us means returning to
their human lives and amending the wrongs they find there.

"A student who successfully masters these disciplines
passes through the second gate, the Gate of Stone. He is
known as a Scholar of Stone... strong, able to support his
own weight and carry on as long as needed."

A woman emerged from one of the shadowed halls.
Veils covered her entirely save for her slender hands and her
dark eyes, which glanced over me before turning to Prachak.

"The brahmins are ready to receive you," she said softly,
withdrawing to lead the way.

The Brannjns

The jina and mandarins of the Infinite Thunders Court
are the brahmins, warrior-priests respected for their skill and
enlightenment. Most follow the Path of the Resplendent
Crane or the Flame of the Rising Phoenix, exemplifying the
qualities of excellence and righteousness. Their backgrounds
are often diverse, but they are united in their dedication to
the path and the challenges they must overcome to achieve
their status.

I explained to the brahmins my reasons for coming to
Sri Lanka. Thankfully, they found my petition worthy;
particularly after Prachak spoke in my favor and humbly
asked I be given whatever assistance I needed in my task.
The brahmins exchanged looks and spoke quietly for a few
moments. Then Hawan Ali, a dark man with a full beard and
a turban set with a blood-red stone, turned to me.

"Do you understand?" he asked.

"Forgive me, noble brahmin, but I do not understand."

Alinodded. "Good. Let us hope that you do... "
Our audience was at an end.

Heresies oF rat Way

Prachak said he would show me the sutras of Kataragama,
and he continued explaining about the remaining gates.

"The third gate is the Gate of Jade, a sign of perfection.
It is the warrior's gate. Many students do not reach it,
preferring the scholar's life, which isno poor choice. To pass
through the warrior's gate, a disciple must study the martial
disciplines and learn how to fight and, more importantly,
how to win.

"The techniques of the Jade Warrior teach us to
appreciate and accept the inevitability of death as part
of life. It gives us strength and the ability to protect
what we value."

I said | had seen the martial virtues exalted in other
Dharmas as well, and Prachak agreed.

"But do not forget that a Warrior of Jade does not fight
or kill without reason. Our way teaches that fighting is
sometimes necessary, but a warrior's true goal is to avoid
conflict. By learning and mastering the ways of war, they
understand how to bring peace."

The collection of scrolls and books Prachak showed me
was small compared to the Bone Court's library, but it was
impressive nonetheless. Many works were ancient, painted
on silk and lovingly preserved. Others were more recent,
though no less artful or carefully penned. Most were written
in Sanskrit, so I prevailed on some help in translating them
since my skills in that language were sorely limited.

"What of the final gate?" L asked while looking through
a scroll laid out on the table before us.

"The final gate is the Gate of Perfection," Prachak said.
"It is the Gate of Diamond, the true entrance to the path of
enlightenment."

"How does a disciple achieve that gate?"

"By opening the heart and cultivating compassion for
all things," he replied. "Only by learning love and compassion
can one become a Priest of Diamond, a true brahmin.
Compassion is our ultimate goal." He smiled, his teeth white
against his brown face. "Do you understand?" he said, echoing
Hawan Ali's words to me.

"No," I repeated, "but I think I'm beginning to."

Waking Avons THE Living

My studies at the Bijali Court were not limited to books
and scrolls. Prachak and the Court's other Kuei-jin ensured
that I spent some of nights among the people of Colombo.
They also took me to visit various places in Sri Lanka, from
the village bearing Kataragama's name to the mountains
where the Muslims believe Adam stood after his exile from
Eden. Some Phoenixes believe it was a parable for the fall of
the Wan Xian.

Having spent so much time after my Second Breath
alone or in the company of the Bone Court's scholars, |
found being surrounded by life and activity again
uncomfortable at first. Still, I saw the Phoenixes walk
among the mortals, living their mortal lives. That showed
me more about their Dharma than any written work could,
just as Prachak promised.

"Isn't it difficult?" I asked Prachak one night while we
sat, sipping strong coffee and watching the marketplace
close its tents and doors. "I mean, being so close to life, but
apart from it?"

"{mportant things are always difficult," he answered,
"but they are still worth the struggle. We have limits imposed

7

upon us, but most of us find ways around them or we learn to
deal with them in time. We appreciate what we have all the
more by what we don't have, after all."

"But surely, your Dharma's demands carry great risks,"
I said.

"Yes, but life is risk. You cannot have one without the
other. We choose life, so we choose risk as well." Then,
Prachak told me of some of the risks the Phoenixes take, so
that I could better understand.

The Risks oF Ljving

In addition to risking being branded akuma simply for
following their way, Rising Phoenixes assume many
jeopardies in the name of the Dharma, which demands they
live their mortal lives and right the wrongs.

The first and perhaps most substantial risk is that of
discovery. "We learn much about trust," Prachak said. A
Phoenix must know whom to trust and exactly how far to
extend) that trust, because his existence often lies in the
hands of friends and family. He must conceal the true nature
of his existence for a time, but not forever (particularly from
those closest to him, who see him every night and must
watch over him every day). Each Phoenix decides who to
trust with the truth, and how much to tell them. It is
inevitable, since Phoenixes cannot follow the way in
isolation. Their light must shine and touch the lives of those
closest to them.

Some of the living are horrified or revolted, or course,
and turn away. There are Phoenixes who kill to protect their
true nature, an additional burden of karma to bear.
Fortunately, there are other means of dealing with mortals
who stumble upon a Phoenix's true nature... rituals to
confuse the memory and blur any such dangerous knowledge
in the living. There are also rites the Brahmin and scholars
of the Infinite Thunders Court use to help Phoenixes return
to their mortal lives without the awkward questions they
would face if others knew they had somehow returned from
death. These rites fog the mind, forcing the living into
believing the Phoenix was in fact away on a trip or
hospitalized rather than killed.

While Phoenixes surround themselves with trustworthy
friends and family when possible, they must still face the
mortal masses that know nothing of their true nature and
keep it secret from them. There is the danger of exposure as
well as a temptation in drawing living Chi (or Prana, as
those of the Bijali Court call it). Fire soul can overwhelm a
Phoenix, bringing on a frenzy that results in violence or
murder. This is particularly true for Phoenixes strongest in
Yang and closest to life. Worse still, one may succumb to
shadow soul, giving the P'o free rein to satisfy its dark needs.
Phoenixes can only hope to resist these states and cover up
the results of their deeds when they fail.

Even the most successful Rising Phoenix faces danger
among the living; even if they are not detected, even if they
master their P'o and not fall victim to fire or shadow soul.
The reward of a successful Rising Phoenix entails watching
family and loved ones grow old while they remain the same.
Mortals may age, grow sick and die while we are eternal.
Even Prachak is wistful when faced with the possibility of
watching his wife and children age, perhaps even one day
seeing his grandchildren fade to dust. But it didn't seem to
worry him much. "Hopefully, I will have left the Cycle by
then," he said.

Of course, not all of a Rising Phoenix's progeny will age
so quickly. Another consequence of remaining so close to
mortals, particularly wives, husbands and lovers, is the
possibility of dhampyr children born from the union of
Phoenix and mortal. This is one reason, I'm sure, for the
number of dhampyrs scattered throughout the Infinite
Thunders Court and in the nearby Golden Courts. Dhampyrs
born to Rising Phoenix parents are among the most fortunate
of their kind, since the Phoenixes regard family ties quite
seriously. They are unlikely to abandon a dhampyr child and
are more willing to raise it as their own. Nearly all dhampyrs
raised within the Infinite Thunders Court support their
parents' Dharma.

Visions oF Ljres PHOEN)X SEcTS

After listening solely to Prachak's interpretation of the
Rising Phoenix's tenets, one might believe the Dharma's
followers are in accordance about their nature and mandate
in the Middle Kingdom. This is not entirely so. There are
divisions within the/Dharma, just as there are with any
other. The Flame of the Rising Phoenix's sects generally fall
along religious lines. Their view. of Heaven and why they
were chosen to €orrect their mistakes colors their
interpretations of the Dharma's tenets and ways.

The three major sects within the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix adhere to the three most influential religions in the
Bijali Court: Buddhism, Hinduism, and Islam.

Buppnjst PHuoEnjxes

Buddhismis the most influential religion in the Rising
Phoenix Dharma and Infinite Thunders Court. The
followers of the Buddha believe in the Four Holy Truths
and relate them to Kataragama's revelations on the nature
of the Second Breath. The Four Holy Truths show that
existence is suffering caused by desire, and that freeing
oneself from suffering is the cessation of desire through the
Holy Eightfold Path.

These Phoenixes link desire to the suffering of their
mortal lives and the terrible torture that followed in Yomi.
This suffering is their due for wrong actions, which usually
involves entanglement in material desires and pursuit of
material goals. To them, death and torture in Hell is meant
to open their eyes to the Four Holy Truths, more strongly
than any experience in mortal life possibly could. While
some understand the Holy Truths in life, others can only
grasp them with demons as their instructors.

The Second Breath comes with this understanding, a
return to the Great Cycle without passing on to another
incarnation. Instead, the spirit returns to the corpse with
the opportunity to follow the Holy Eightfold Path toward
enlightenment. If they succeed, the Great Cycle will free
them into Nirvana's arms. If they fail, they must continue in
the Great Cycle. Most Buddhist Phoenixes believe that
Final Death is not final at all. This leads a small number of
suicide cultists to seek it out, considering it preferable to
their undead state.

These suicide Phoenixes, nearly always Buddhists in
life, end their suffering and involvement in the Great Cycle
by embracing Final Death, usually after preparing and
purifying themselves as much as possible. They pray and
meditate on enlightenment and the wisdom of the Buddha
before deliberately facing the Eye of Heaven and rotting
away into dust. A few immolate themselves instead, becoming

Heresies oF Tue Way

true "phoenixes" in their personal funeral pyres. Fortunately,
such extremists are rare.

Most Buddhist Phoenixes consider the Second Breath a
blessing, albeit a stern one. After a life of immoderate
behavior, they. receive the opportunity to correct their
mistakes and follow the Eightfold Path toward righteousness
and enlightenment. They "possess" full awareness of their
experiences and the lessons they must teach and learn. The
way is hard, but all the more important that they succeed.

Following the Eightfold Way is difficult for any Kuei-
jin, and Buddhist Phoenixes do their best within the limits
of their nature. They avoid killing any creature, including
other shen but not the demons of Yomi or other servants of
the Yama Kings. This means they take only small amounts
of Chi from others, just enough to sustain themselves, and
they struggle against fire soul and the P'o's demands to glut
themselves on Chi. In fact, the ideal is to feed only upon
freely offered Chi, but few Phoenixes achieve such. trust
even with members of their families. Still, one reason they
continue their human relationships is to seek their kin's aid
in following the Way.

Buddhist Phoenixes practice moderation in all things,
following the Eightfold Way and the tenets of their Dharma.
They avoid excess, both indulgence and asceticism, in favor
ofasimple existence sufficient for thei needs. They practice
the virtues of right thought and action in all things, from
their meditation to their work and their relationships with
others, both mortal and shen.

fHijnpu PHOEN;XES

Hinduism is common in Sri Lanka, particularly in India's
Infinite Thunders Court. Phoenixes who follow the Hindu
path seek enlightenment much as do their Buddhist peers,
but with a different understanding of their existence and the
tenets of their path.

The Hindu belief in karma is pivotal to the Rising
Phoenix. Hindus believe that one's deeds in life dictate
one's future. A person who is good and moral reincarnates
into better circumstances, allowing for continued spiritual
advancement. A person living a wicked and sinful life
returns in a degraded or lesser form as a spiritual lesson.
Once they master the necessary knowledge, they move onto
a better life in their next incarnation. Eventually, they
achieve a deep understanding of the universe's Truth and
become one with it, leaving the Great Cycle altogether.

Within the Dharma, there are several interpretations of
the Hindu doctrine of karma. Prachak related to me how
some Hindu Phoenixes believe that the Second Breath is
much like a rebirth, with souls consigned to unlife as a result
of their karma so they can learn the necessary lessons. Other
Hindus believe that the Second Breath removes them from
the Great Cycle entirely, suspending their progress. Since
they're no longer alive, they do not incarnate. They must
learn that which an existence as Demon People offers, and
seek to balance the karmic scales of their lives so as to
reenter the Great Cycle and continue toward enlightenment.

With that in mind, the duty of a Hindu Phoenix is
twofold: to balance out their karmic debt and to learn. They
follow Hindu disciplines of yoga and meditation, thus
becoming more spiritual, and they often adhere to codes of
proper behavior similar to those espoused by the Resplendent
Cranes (cultivating the Hun and elevating it above the P'o
while keeping the Demon bound within). They seek the

state of samadhi, in which they can apprehend the Truth of
God, though some Phoenixes believe that such an
enlightened state is denied them. All they can hope for is to
return to the Great Wheel of Reincarnation and continue
their mortal journey.

Hindu Phoenixes balance their karma in. two ways.
First, they try to correct mistakes their life's mistakes. This
may range from righting small wrongs to atoning for a
lifetime of shameful behavior. Since Rising Phoenixes
maintain contact with mortals from their living years, this
work usually begins at home, with family and friends they
mistreated. Apologies for their past behavior are common,
along with attempts to win back the trust and respect of
people they offended.

The other way Hindu Phoenixes balance out their
karmic debt is by cultivating proper actions and performing
good deeds following the Second Breath. Here they find
allies among the Resplendent Cranes, who encourage their
virtue, though the Phoenixes prize humility through
tighteous deeds instead of pointing out someone else's faults
orleading by example. Prachak told me that the guidance he
freely offers me is a part of his own redemption.

Mosijn PHOENjXES

Muslims from the mainland as well as Sri Lanka
constitute the smallest of the Rising Phoenix's three sects.
Nearly all of these Kuei-jin followed Islam in life and found
their descent into Yomi a just punishment for a sinful and
wicked existence. Those who don't simply don't follow the
Rising Phoenix Dharma.

"But Allah is all-compassionate and all-merciful," said
Hawan Ali. After a taste of Hell, these souls return to their
mortal flesh and the world of the living, to amend the
wrongs they committed and earn a place in Paradise.

Muslim Phoenixes emphasize their unliving state more
than others of their Dharma. Having died and been to Hell,
they understand that their old life is over. Why go back to
astate of being that condemned you in the first place? Their
return to mortal existence extends only insofar as atoning
for their sins and living according to Allah's will and Islam's
doctrines. It is certainly nota simple task, given their nature
as Kuei-jin, but they are grateful for any opportunity at all.
A disciple who complains about the challenge of following
Allah's Willas undead is simply asked, "would you prefer the
tortures of Yomi for all time, then?"

Buddhist and Hindu Phoenixes both seek escape from
incarnation's Great Cycle, bringing them to oneness with
the universe. For Muslim Phoenixes, the goal is eternal
Paradise where they will dwell with Allah in Heaven. While
the other sects adhere to the progression of the Great Cycle,
believing they will return to life, Muslims believe each soul
incarnates only once, so the second chance Allah granted
them is the only chance they have.

Muslims of the Flame of the Rising Phoenix seek
Paradise in one of two ways. Many try to right the wrongs
of their mortal life and live in accordance with Islam to the
best of their ability. They seek Allah's infinite compassion
and mercy. Some believe that only martyrs are guaranteed
entry into Paradise. These hopefuls become akuma-hunters,
using the "gifts" Allah gave them against the minions of
Hell in hopes of a glorious Final Death, taking as many
servants of Shaitan with them as possible. They believe
this will grant them entrance into Paradise. According to

19

Hawan Alii, it is not unknown for some Muslim Phoenixes
to turn against all Kuei-jin, though they usually find their
martyrdom quickly, indeed.

Tue Socjery oF THE SUNSET

PEOPLE

The Flame of the Rising Phoenix has little to do with
Kuei-jin society. The Infinite Thunders Court sits in grand
isolation from the adjoining Quincunx and the Golden
Courts, and would gladly remain so if its neighbors allowed.
Phoenixes do not follow many of the other Kuei-jin ways
with regards to traditions like direction, arrangement of wu,
or other matters the August Courts consider sacrosanct.

Tue DjrecTjoNs oF THE STaRs

My teachers and fellow scholars at the Bone Court
consider all Rising Phoenixes oriented in the Eastern
direction, an imbalanced arrangement to be sure. Not so
for the Phoenixes, however, who do not follow the
August Courts' system of directions. The Quincunx
claims these bearings guide a Kuei-jin towards his or her
duties under Heaven, whereas the Phoenixes take their
duties from the tenets of their Dharma and the needs of
their mortal life (something the August Courts instruct
Kuei-jin to "look beyond").

Instead of directions, the Rising Phoenix Dharma and
much of the Infinite Thunders Court uses Vedic astrology to
study the exact place and time where disciples take the
Second Breath. Treating it as a true rebirth of sorts, they cast
an astrological chart for the disciple's new existence, often
comparing it to one created for their mortal birth. In this
way, they understand the sign under which the newly created
Kuei-jin will labor, and what universal forces are at work in
their existence. The position of the different planets in the
chart's twelve houses shows a person's strengths, weaknesses,
and the challenges to their quest for understanding.

The subject fills volumes in the Infinite Thunders
Court's library. Many spend mortal lifetimes studying and
mastering the art of casting and interpreting charts, and the
local Kuei-jin prize their skills greatly. At my request, a Jade
Scholar prepared charts for my First and Second Breaths and
interpreted them for me. I found them incredibly accurate.
They mirrored the challenges I faced in life both before and
after my mortal death, such as overcoming emotional blocks,
balancing my intellectual and physical needs, and finding
satisfaction within. This art guides the Phoenixes and other
Kuei-jin of the Bijali Court.

Duarnjc Views

Ie's too simplistic to say that Rising Phoenixes view
other Dharmas with the same scorn the Quincunx heaps
upon them. In fact, Phoenixes often find things to admire
aud tespece Invother Dharmas‘and acknowledge :them:as
valid, if flawed, paths toward enlightenment. As Prachak
pointed out, many see the Fivefold Way's' Dharmas'as
incomplete, parts of a greater whole that Grand Arhat Xue
understood but that his students misinterpreted. In this
respect, they consider the other heretical Dharmas even
more misguided.

Way of the Resplendent Crane

The Dharma closest to the Rising Phoenix's tenets is
the Way of the Resplendent Crane, which allows the two

20

Dharmas to co-exist peacefully in the Bijali Court. The
Shining Ice Guardians respect and uphold the same high
standards as the Phoenixes, and both Dharmas believe in
the importance of honor and supporting one's family.

The difference between them stems from their views on
the Second Breath and its meaning. The Resplendent Cranes
see their undead state as shameful... a punishment for their
sins in life. It is their duty to atone for this shame with right
action and virtuous behavior. The Phoenixes do not see the
Second Breath as punishment, but as a gift, an opportunity.
Resplendent Cranes consider their past actions shameful,
but they hide their disgrace and cover it with good deeds and
righteous speech. They aid their relations, living and dead,
but never communicate or interact with them. They put all
concerns of living aside to assume the burden of their
newfound duty.

Although the Resplendent Cranes are closest to
understanding their way, the Rising Phoenixes believe them
too bound up in their own shame and pride. If they would
only set those things aside and live, keeping to the virtues
they uphold, then they would truly understand.

Dance of the Thrashing Dragon

On the surface, the Trashing Dragons seem to share
much in common with the Rising Phoenixes. Both Dharmas
embrace mortal life and the essence of Yang as virtues. The
similarities end there, however. For the Phoenixes, the
Laughing Rainbows are closer in:nature to the Face of the
Gods' would-be godlings. "They seek an ideal, fantastic
sort of life," Prachak said about the Thrashing Dragons.
"Theirs is an existence filled with pleasures, beauty,
dancing, drinking, eating and fucking. It is no more real
than a movie."

The Phoenixes believe the Laughing Rainbows overlook
two important ideals. The first is the tenet "live not with
extremes or balance, but simply well." The life of a Thrashing
Dragon is rarely simple. They seek the polarities in pleasure
and sensation that the Phoenixes disdain. They reach beyond
the experiences they were born with, into existence as the
opposite sex, beasts, or things born solely from their fevered
imaginations. They also ignore the principle of "never deny
the joys and sorrows of life," by trying to drown sorrow in a
torrent of ordeals and laughter. Their celebration and joy
turn pale and hollow without the grounding of true human
experience and sorrow.

Path of a Thousand Whispers

Returning to mortal existence is part of the Thousand
Whispers as well, but again, the Rootless Trees miss the
point. "Life is nota shadow-play," Prachak said. The Rootless
Trees wear masks that are just that, masks. They play at
being mortal without exploring the most important mortal
role of all — their own.

Phoenixes find the Wise Centipede practice of
repeatedly cutting their ties with the mortal world
abhorrent, and attribute their strange behavior to it. They
deliberately torture themselves by creating shadows of the
life they could have, building up trust and understanding
with others, then tearing it all down so they can start over
again. Are they afraid of true closeness and trust? Some
Phoenixes would say so.

Song of the Shadow

It was Prachak's description of my own Dharma that
truly opened my eyes to what I had long felt, "Embracing
death should only strengthen our appreciation for life," he
said. The example used by the Rising Phoenixes is the way

Henisies oF Tue Way

of the warrior. When a warrior learns to accept death, he
becomes fearless and is free to act. "But accepting death is
not the same as accepting being dead," my guide said.

"To dwell in death is to deny life, and that is a great
offense to karma and to our purpose in the Great Cycle. We
are here to live. We returned from Hell so that we could
know life again. Why hide in the cold and dark unless you
fear life? There are those who need time to heal from the
wounds they suffered, but wasting a life among the dead?
One may as well intern himself in a tomb."

Howl of the Devil-Tiger

Although Rising Phoenixes pity those of us existing so
close to the Yin World, they reserve their true disdain for the
Heavenly Devils and their ways. "Ah, yes," Prachak said
with abitter note in this voice. "The self-appointed Avengers
of Heaven, who take it upon themselves to punish sinners
and excuse any evil in the name of their Mandate. They
huntus and call us akuma, but they are more demons than we
have ever been."

"What is better: to slowly strip off a sinner's skin,
sending another soul screaming into Yomi, or to show the
sinner compassion and help him understand the error of
his ways? Were we given a second chance metely to
become instruments of torture and evil? I don't think
Heaven is so cruel. When I think of the Devil-Tigers, I
pray they do not truly hold the Mandate of Heaven. If
they do... then we're all lost."

Orner HERESjES

The followers of the Rising Phoenix view the other
Dharmas deemed heretical by the Quincunx as they do the
Fivefold Way. Each has something to offer, but at best, all
are misguided in their beliefs. Phoenixes typically have
little to do with any of them.

The Tempest of the Inward Focus is too rigid, denying
both the joys and sorrows of life to seek perfect balance and
control. The Spirit of the Living Earth has some
understanding of the truths espoused by the Phoenixes, but
they remain too focused on their worship of spirits to enjoy
their mortal existence. "They would prefer walking with
spirits than spending a day of honest work or honest
enjoyment," Prachak said.

The Face of the Gods Dharma is sorely deluded,
according to Rising Phoenix wisdom. "They are close to
becoming akuma," said Hawan Ali. "Proclaiming themselves
gods is the height of arrogance, certain to bring about their
fall. They follow the insights of a madman, which can only
lead them into madness."

Finally, the Scorpion Eaters are among the most reviled.
"They are what the Godlings, the Devil-Tigers and others
may become," Prachak said. "They bathe in-corruption and
poison, eating their own humanity to become something
pleasing to the Lords of the Yomi World." Akuma like the
Scorpion Eaters are threats against which the Rising
Phoenixes protect their families.

Tue Yama Kings

The Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma understands
the grave threat posed by the Yama Kings to the Middle
Kingdom and the world. As Prachak explained it, they also
believe that in the end; the August Courts actions benefit
only the Yama Kings.

"The ways of the Courts, their politics, their instructions,
their ‘Great Leap Outward'... all of this serves the Yama

Caapren Ones Tie Fame or THE Rising PHOENX

Kings. How do the August Courts fight the Yomi Wan's
forces? By recreating Hell on Earth through war, by declaring
usoutcasts and akuma. [f the August Coutts are so concerned
about righteousness, they should look within themselves
and see what they find."

Ivis sad that the Infinite Thunders Court, reviled as a
place of heretics, is freer of akuma than perhaps any other
Court in the Middle Kingdom. The members of the Bijali
Court know the signs of the demon-ridden when they see
them, and they spare no expense protecting their homes and
families. [ saw a hunt against a true akuma in Sti Lanka, and
the Brahmins' justice was swift and sure. If the Yama Kings
ever claim this land, it will be over the corpses of its
protectors, only after a fair share of devils are first sent
screaming back into Yomi

Tue Puorenjx Burns Bright

"Our way is not easy," Hawan Ali told me when I stood
before the council of the Bijali Court. "Indeed, it may be the
hardest road to walk. It requires facing fears and pain and
responsibility... it requires tearing away illusions and it
requires the courage to live, and live well, above all else. It
is not a choice undertaken lightly. Do you understand?"

Inodded slightly, feeling the flush of my face, the heat
on my skin. "I'm beginning to, sir."

The Rising Phoenix guru nodded gravely. "Then what
is your choice?" he asked.

Fianjng jutro NoTHINGNESS
The problem with bright

or prey. A Phoenix's desire to exist in morte
akuma, but the Phoenix rarely understands that he'

andles in the dark is that they be
surroundings again may force him to stand vigilant z
the target of the Yama Kings, not his mortal relations. The Phoenix's

2

"I choose to live," I said.

"So be it. Understand, disciple, that because the Phoenix
burns brightly, you can never wholly conceal its light. It
consumes all, but the Phoenix is reborn in that all-consuming
flame. So will it be with you. May the fire of your devotion
grow to consume you, so that you may be reborn and leave
the Great Cycle behind."

I stepped onto the path without looking back, thinking
of the family I hadn't seen in so very long. "Mother, Father,"
I thought, "I am coming home."

SYSTEMS

This section examines the challenges and opportunities
offered by Rising Phoenix characters, as well as how they
can affect chronicles. It also provides information on the
Dharma's use of disciplines, specific rituals, and other game
mechanics.

Tue SHapow or Lire

As part of their Dharma, Phoenixes do their best to
resume their mortal lives from before they took the Second
Breath while correcting their past failures. This is often
difficult, given their restrictions as Demon People. Phoenixes
must always make some concessions for their new existence,
particularly their need to operate at night and hide from the
Eye of Heaven during the day.

come beacons to everything in the shadows, be they predator
ainst the approach of

friends and family are merely levers and strings to pull and manipulate.

The Yi
toburn. The path of the Eightfold Way is frustre

‘ama Kings take extra delight in corrupting a Phoenix, if only b
ing, especially when mortal life makes no allowances for

ause they stand out by trying to encourage their flame
sur return or you live

long enough to watch your loved ones collapse into dust. It is in these moments of anguish or loss that the Yama Kings intrude.

Unlike the other Dharmas, Phoenixes pride themselves on being the most "mortal." This
of which is a Phoenix's often-woefully shortsighted natur

intoa Kuei-jin's psyche, the most dangero

standards, a Phoenix mistakenly measures his life in the mortal quantities of his loved
ptions are like

stead of the open expanse of centuries. His per
rely within his life's experiences.

gives akuma plenty of hooks
By living in mortal
nes — in the restricted finite of
inhibited, glimpsing a world whose borders

What happens, then, when a Phoenix's reasons for atoning suddenly evaporate? What if the abused wife whose

forgiveness he sought dies before he can rectify

Itis in thes
tobe salvation.

perhaps a way to make your loved one

not so filled with tragedy). The akuma appear when your shadow soul snaps a loved one's nec
natural. He

moment of weakness and encourage such actions

at mistake? Or the
from the street? Suddenly, his mortal anchors are gone, and the Phoenix's avenues of sal
still has the centuries stretching out before him. What then?

times of indecision and uncertainty when akuma arise to
foreverdependenton you, or giving youea:

them
and he

children she abandoned perish before she
ation gone with them...

rrupt the Phoenix. They offer what appe
goals to pursue (ones
He's there to justify your

your friend in a time of need when it appears you can't

sink lower. He'll help you bury the corpse and deal with the witn
When a Phoenix fails, mortals are the first to suffer for it. The akuma know that. In fact, when a Phoenix fails, he becomes

that which he struggles against; a demon.

rely on that despair to bring the Phoenix to their side:

isa demon for his actions and thoughts. It's a perception that the
s mortal life is that the people and circumstances that led the Kuei

Another weakness of returning back to on
Yomi in the first place still exist. Phoenixes try and rise above their failings, with memories of Hell provid

avoid them. Mortals, however,
By returning to the pla:

verything he strove for up to that point w:
The Phoenix's self:

e surprisingly blind and fatalistic even when they know the conseqi
of their spiritual failings, the Phoenixes now mi
conditioning acting asa stumbling block, In fact, they can even excuse their trips and stumbles along the way
human." The akuma are more than willing to encourage these lapses, if only bec:

seemingly all for naught. The akuma
-loathing is often strong enough that he believes he
Yama Kings try very hard to foster and maintain.

in into
incentives to
ces of their actions.
t fight the Demon with decades of mortal
being "only

ase the Phoenix will believe she still has

time to turn back and save herself. Unfortunately, that's what dragged her into Yomi in the first p!


22

Often, a Rising Phoenix's first concern is concealing
the circumstances of her mortal death. It is difficult to
return to life as usual when family members saw you mowed
down by gunfire or, worse yet, attended your funeral. Most
Kuei-jin who follow the Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma
died alone or in circumstances where they can cover their
death asa mere absence. A kidnapped and murdered woman,
for example, might take the Second Breath and kill-her
murderer. After a Phoenix finds and teaches her, she can
claim to have escaped from her kidnapper, whom the police
never find.

Players and the Storyteller can work out how Rising
Phoenix characters conceal their deaths as part of the
character's Prelude. In extreme cases, the ritual Shroud
Over Death may be used (p. 24). A Rising Phoenix mentor
or guide can always cast it, even if the character isn't capable
of doing so

Phoenixes quickly find evening jobs, either the kind of
drudgery that most avoid or work that takes place at all
hours, beit the graveyard shift at stores, security work, or
becoming a bouncer at a nightclub. Since night-work is not
as common in the Middle Kingdomas itis in North America,
Phoenixes often rely on menial jobs or crime to support
themselves and their families.

Scarier Cuj

Phoenixes prefer animating their corpses using Yang
Chiwhen possible, since it brings them closer toa semblance
of life. That means Rising Phoenixes are often Yang cycled,
making them warm and apparently "alive" to casual
inspection. Of course, Yang Chi burns quickly through the
body, and Kuei-jin require much of it to maintain themselves
as compared to Yin Chi. That means Phoenixes hunt often

Heresies oF THe Way

for fresh Chi. The irony of feeding more often to be more
human is not lost on them.

Their need to focus on the consumption of Yang Chi
often leads Phoenixes towards Yang imbalance. In fact,
some Phoenixes favor this condition deliberately, because
they believe it brings them even closer to being alive. Yang
imbalanced Kuei-jin are very human-looking. They are
warm to the touch and they appear to breathe. They can
even withstand sunlight for brief periods of time.

Yang imbalance would be an ideal state for the
Phoenixes, except for its side effects. The excess of Yang
inflames the passions; Yang imbalanced Kuei-jin fall victim
to fire soul more easily, and are more hot-tempered and
lustful. They become carriers for disease and mortal ailments.
They also fall prey to their hunger for more Chi with greater
frequency. This makes a Yang imbalanced Phoenix dangerous
not just to himself, but to his mortal family.as well. More
than one Yang-imbalanced Phoenix slaughtered loved ones
or family members in a fit of fire soul oruncontrolled hunger.

Drarma anp DjrEcTION

Rising Phoenixes don't follow the August Courts'
accepted system) of directions. Instead, they apply Vedic
astrology to understand their strengths, weaknesses, and the
tasks awaiting them following their Second Breath. The
Horoscope background (Kindred of the East, p. 86) is fairly
common among Phoenixes, and its information gives
Phoenixes a stronger grasp of their capabilities.

In game terms, Storytellers may allow Phoenixes with
the Horoscope background to choose two "lucky numbers"
from 1 to 10 instead of the normal lucky numbers associated
with aKuei-jin's Dharma and direction. A common number
for Phoenixes is 8, associated with the East direction in


Carrer Ones The Fiame oF THe Rising PHoENiX

Quincunx numerology. These lucky numbers work normally;
forevery result on a Horoscope toll corresponding toa lucky
number, the character receives an automatic success on an
action attempt the next turn.

Storytellers can also use horoscopes as story-hooks to
nudge characters toward particular goals, to point out
roleplaying challenges, or to drop hints about upcoming
events and obstacles within the chronicle.

DjscjPLjnes

Rising Phoenixes see their Disciplinesas siddhis, spiritual
"tricks" that, while useful, can distract a Kuei-jin from
enlightenment if she relies on them too heavily. They also
remind some Phoenixes of their inhuman status; they use
their Disciplines sparingly. Phoenixes prefer focusing on
and mastering a select few Disciplines rather than learning
alittle from each Art. In studying Disciplines, their goal is
tomake them more effective in rectifying their past mistakes
and not power for its own sake. Of course, some Phoenixes
justify gaining power as a means to an end, even when it
becomes the end in and of itself.

Phoenixes most often focus on Disciplines associated
with their virtues: Hun and Yang. They disdain those Arts
dealing with Yin (like Yin Prana and Bone Shintai), as well
asthe Demon Arts associated with the P'o (beyond the small
measure of ability in the Demon Arts found in all Kuei-jin).
Black Wind is far more common among the Phoenixes than
Demon Shintai, since the latter is too great a reminder of
their Hell-born nature (though some Rising Phoenixes
possess it for that very reason; the P'o wants them to
remember what they truly are). Phoenixes study Cultivation
because it promises control over the P'o, though Internalize
and the other Soul Disciplines are more common.

Yang Prana

One of the Rising Phoenix's key Disciplines, Yang
Prana, teaches control over the potent energies of life. Not
coincidentally, training in Yang Prana demands the great
stamina and flexibility required of Brahmins when they
become Warriors of Jade. The Discipline's postures and
katas are often part of a warrior's training regimen.

CoLVaTION

The Rising Phoenix's exploration of this Discipline
frightens the Quincunx into labeling the Dharma as akuma,
but the Phoenixes study their P'o nature to better understand
and control it. They can also combine Cultivation with
Yang Prana to restore them to a semblance of life.

At the Storyteller's discretion, Rising Phoenixes may
decrease the difficulty of their Cultivation rolls (or their
normal fire or shadow soul rolls) when a member of their
family is at risk. Many Phoenixes first come out of shadow
soul when confronted with a family member or loved one. Of
course, this places the loved one at risk should the roll fail
and the Kuei-jin succumb to his baser urges.

Blush of Life Restored

(Yang Prana °°, Cultivation °°)

When reality. fails, illusion provides. This technique
allows a' Phoenix to regain some semblance of life. Like a
forgotten machine, the body's autonomic functions flare up;
the brain signals the lungs to draw breath again, and the
heart flushes blood through the veins and arteries, bringing

color back into the skin. Not everything works, but enough
to support the illusion.

System: By spending a point of Yang Chi to animate her
corpse, the Kuei-jin enters a state similar to permanent Yang
Imbalance (Kindred of the East, p. 140), but without some
of its more severe drawbacks. The vampire's flesh is warm
and of normal hue, and she breathes (without actually
needing to) for the duration ofa scene. Sunlight also has less
effect; the Phoenix can endure indirect sunlight for up to an
hour with no ill effects, and direct sunlight for (Stamina x 5)
minutes with no adverse reaction.

The vampire suffers an extra die of damage from fire
attacks due to excess Yang energy in her body. Kuei-jin using
this Discipline can catch and vector communicable diseases
as per permanent Yang Imbalance; the disease survives until
the Kuei-jin drops into permanent Yin Imbalance, at which
point, it dies. Kuei-jin can also impregnate or become
pregnant, but must spend an additional Yang point every
night to carry the baby to'term. One missed "feeding" and
the baby miscarries: The character does not suffer a
Derangement as the Yang-imbalanced do, nor does she
enter fire soul more easily than other Kuei-jin.

This technique costs'8,experience to learn.

Clothed in Life

(Yang Prana ¢¢¢e, Cultivation °)

The Quincunx claims akuma taught the Phoenixes this
technique because it offers them fleeting hope that fades in
quick moments. Using this technique, a Rising Phoenix can
actually recover many living qualities for a time at the cost
of regaining his mortal vulnerabilities as well. This technique
is like Blush of Life Restored, but it goes further. The body
not only functions normally in every capacity, but the Chi
alters the Kuei-jin's internal alchemy enough to negate its
supernatural and accursed state. The P'o becomes muted,
and sunlight only warms the skin as it should in any mortal.
This is a precarious state, however, and any attempt to draw
upon the Kuei-jin's true nature collapses the effect like a
house of cards.

System: The vampire spends a point of Yang Chi and a
point of Willpower to activate this technique, then rolls
Charisma + Empathy (difficulty 8). If successful, the Kuei-
jin assumes the qualities of a mortal for a single scene:
immunities to sunlight and to fire, wave, and shadow soul.
The Kuei-jin's flesh is warm and alive and the vampire can
enjoy all of life's pleasures.

For the scene, however, the Kuei-jin cannot spend Chi
or use disciplines. To use any such powers ends the effects of
Clothed in Life immediately. Yin-aspected vampires cannot
use this technique; the Yang must be dominant, or at least
balanced, for the Kuei-jin to properly channel the necessary
Yang energies. A botch on the roll to activate this technique
means the Kuei-jin must immediately check for shadow
soul. The Demon is incensed by such efforts to cage it.

This technique costs 24 experience to learn.

Mjsastaw

Many Kuei-jin throughout the Infinite Thunders Court,
where Phoenixes claim it originated, study this Discipline
for greater insight into reality's nature (Kindred of the East
Companion, pgs. 188-190). The Dharma's few elder vampires
often master it, and use the art's beguiling and confusion
techniques to educate students as well as question other
Kuei-jin — planting the seeds of doubt regarding their

Dharmas and their path. Ancestors of the August Courts are
certain that such tricks account for many (if not all) of the
Running Monkeys lured into the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix's clutches. It's doubtful, however, that enough
Mibasham masters exist to account for the actual number.

RjTuais

Rising Phoenixes study and practice several rituals
that enable them to follow the tenets of their Dharmaand
overcome the hurdles of constantly dealing with the
mortal world.

Tirnjng To THE ANcesTOR
(Lever TWo Rjte)

Rising Phoenixes prefer harvesting Chi that is freely
offered them, inflicting as little harm as possible in taking it.
This ritual links members of a Kuei-jin's family (by blood or
choice), allowing the vampire to draw Chi from them more
easily and without taking flesh or blood along with it.

Kuei-jin outside the Rising Phoenix Dharma know of
this ritual, though the Phoenixes use it most often; other
Kuei-jin generally have little contact with or compassion for
their mortal families (or both, in many cases).

System: All potential donors must be present when the
Kuei-jin performs the ritual, and they must swear an oath to
help the vampire (though theydon't have to know the exact
consequences of their oath). The Kuei then spends one
point each of Yin and Yang Chi and rolls Manipulation +
Rituals (difficulty 6). Each success establishes a link to one
person of the ritualist's choice in the oath-circle. These
connections are visible through rituals like Trace the
Dragon's Scales (Kindred of the East, p. 127).

Thereafter, the Kuei-jin can draw Chi from anyone in
the oath-circle directly from their breath (Kindred of the
East, p. 137), regardless of the vampire's Dharma rating.
The donor does not have'a resistance roll against this; the
Kuei-jin may take as much'Chi as desired, up to the amount
on the Chi roll. This serves,as the maximum, cumulative
limit before the link tovthat one person is severed. The
effects of this are the same as normally taking Chi by breath.
A botch on the Chi roll.to feed breaks the connection
between the Kuei-jin and the donor (though it can be re-
established after another ritual).

This rite does not protect a Kuei-jin against the dangers
of fire soul while ravenous or from overfeeding.

Mists or THe Lotus
(Lever Turee Rjre)

More than most Kuei-jin, Phoenixes must conceal their
true nature from many mortals. Rather than destroying
anyone who happens upon their secret, some use this ritual,
which eliminates knowledge of the Kuei-jin's true nature
from mortal minds.

The ritual requires the brewing of lotus flowers, which
creates a potion with a heady perfume. When the intended
target inhales these vapors, the ritual takes effect.

System: The ritualist must prepare the mists for a
particular person (or persons) by name and they must inhale
the potion's aroma. The ritualist then rolls Manipulation +
Rituals with a difficulty equal to the subject's Willpower.
One success means the subject forgets anything he or she
knows about the Kuei-jin in general and about one Kuei-jin

HERES|ES OF THE Way

in particular. This may leave some gaps in' the' subject's
memory, such as remembering conversations but not recalling
what was said. Two or more successes blur the subject's
memories to where there are no significant gaps. The target
rationalizes or ignores inconvenient memories.

A failure on the roll means the ritual does not affect the
subject, though'the caster canvattempt it again only after a
full night passes. A botch means that the ritual will never
affect the subject, forcing the Kuei-jin to take other measures
to silence them.

Note that this ritual does not prevent the subject from
later learning the truth again. Repeated uses of Mists of the
Lotus on the same subject also become less effective (add
one to difficulty for every two times the caster successfully
targets the same subject). Shen, including Kin-jin and other
Kuei-jin, are completely unaffected by the potion.

Snroup Over Deate

(Lever Four Rjre)

The Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma requires
followers to return to their mortal lives. This.can prove
difficult if there was, incontrovertible evidence of their
death; at best, sudden resurrections can be tricky to explain
away. This ritual clouds the minds of mortals associated with
aparticular Kuei-jin, and prevents them from recalling that
their friend or loved one died. In this way, Phoenixes may
slip back into their old lives with'few suspicions.

System: The Kuei-jin must procure a significant item
connected with his death to act as the ritual's focus. Iymight
be a murder weapon, a part of a totaled car, the corpse of a
killer (or someone who drove. the vampire to suicide),
someone who handled the body (such as a paramedic), or
something similar. The Storyteller and player should
collaborate to determine the appropriate focus, perhaps as
part of the character's Prelude.

The ritualist must then roll Manipulation + Rituals
(difficulty 8). A single success means most memories of the
Kuei-jin's mortal death are eliminated and most people will
not question his return (except to ask where he's been all
this time). Particularly strong-willed (Willpower 6+) people
or truly loved-ones might have lingering doubts or dreams
about the vampire's death. Two or more successes completely
eliminates all memories of the subject's mortaldeath from
everyone mortal... only the Kuei-jin and other shen recall it
ever happening.

Unfortunately, the physical evidence for the death
remains, be it obituary records, police reports, or gravestones.
Anyone affected by the ritual that sees this evidence will not
remember the Kuei-jin's death, but it will fill their heads.
with echoes of memories and fleeting images. The Phoenixes
tell of one murderer who sits in a jail.cell:in Cinnamon
Gardens Police Station in Colombo, uncertain of why he's
there. In fact, everybody's forgotten why he's there, so the
police keep him in custody... just in case.

PHOEN/XES jN PLax

Rising Phoenix characters present some unique
challenges that players and Storytellers should keep in mind
for ongoing chronicles. The major issues likely to crop up
with Phoenix characters, andsome ways of handling them,
include the following:

Heresy: Firstiand foremost, the August Courts of the
Quincunx consider the Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma

Cuapter One: The Fiame OF THE

heretical. A Rising Phoenix who ventures into the more
conservative or reactionary areas of the Middle Kingdom
could easily be branded akuma and destroyed on the spot.
Unless all the chronicle's characters are outcasts, a Phoenix
may have some problems.

One way of handling this issetting thechronicle outside
the Middle Kingdom's more conservative Courts. The
Infinite Thunders Court where Phoenixes are prevalent is a
good example. They're not likely to raise too many concerns
inthe Golden or Green Courts either, and a discrete Phoenix
can even survive in Nippon or in Hong Kong's Flame Court.

Another option is granting the character a degree of
immunity. It is not unknown for ancestors to assemble a wu
from unusual components because it creates an auspicious
assemblage of directions, elements and numbers. A Rising
Phoenix could be assigned to this Corpse Family, either to
balance it or upset its existing harmony. The ancestor may
consider this as an opportunity to save a "lost" soul by
demonstrating the rightness of the Fivefold Way. The
Phoenix, meanwhile, may believe he can share his Dharma's
wisdom with other Kuei-jin, which can make for interesting
roleplaying possibilities.

© Family Ties: Rising Phoenix characters must
maintain their mortal lives, and families, as part of their
Dharma. This is actually not that different from other
Dharma's various requirements, some of which involve
familial obligations. So long as the Phoenix's family-life
does not overshadow the chronicle's other plots and
activities, there shouldn't be a problem.

A Phoenix's family can actually offer some unique
roleplaying opportunities. The player and Storyteller should
take the time to detail the Kuei-jin's family and members.
They can serve as regular supporting characters and provide
the chronicle with a human point of view, allowing the
players to glimpse matters through their eyes from time to
time. There's also the dramatic tension borne from Kuei-jin
and mortals interacting on a regular basis. How does a
Phoenix safeguard her family against a wu-mate Devil-
Tiger, for example?

© Mortal Life: Rising Phoenixes are far more
concerned with living their mortal lives than with the
politics and plots of Kuei-jin society. This can create a
gulf between Phoenixes and Kuei-jin from other Dharmas.
One solution is giving the Phoenix's mortal life enough
drama that it can serve as a source for stories involving

PHOENIX

25

theentire wu. The Phoenix may run afoul of a local gang-
lord or become embroiled in a local political issue.
Likewise, Storytellers. may want to handle a Phoenix's
mortal life "off-stage," in a solo game or with
correspondences through e-mails. This gives the character
a rich mortal existence without monopolizing too much
game-time dealing with issues outside the concerns of the
other characters.

Tue Rising PHornjx CHronjcie

Storytellers looking to add that "human touch" in a
Kindred of the East chronicle may consider a game where
some or all of the player characters belong to the Rising
Phoenix Dharma (perhaps set somewhere in the Infinite
Thunders Court). Other characters may belong to the
Way of the Respléndent Crane, or could even be Kin-jin
sympathetic to the Dharma's tenets. Such a chronicle
would focus far more onthe human drama of the characters,
dealing with maintaining their humanity in the face of
their undead state, than with the Middle Kingdom's
various political machinations (though they can also

e nasto what becomes

- endugh along the Flame 'of
revious accounts,

rent theories. Quincunx

s believe the heretics fall victim to
‘become akuma. Some Phoenixes

jisattvas free themselves from the

me mortals‘once

ir proper place in the Cycle. A few
SeetorPa -bodhisattvas hiding
y others toward the

sate saquestion left to the Storyteller to
‘decide, Some, all, or none of the various views on
~ Rising Phoenix "aidets may be true. Certainly, some
Phoenixes fall prey to the Yama Kings (like all Kuei-
iin), but others may reach a pinnacle of achievement
"before vanishing from this world; What becomes of
them remains ® =a


26 Heresies oF THe Way

Braunjn Djscjpie You pity and revile other Kuei-jin who have turned their

new existence into an excuse for indulgence or, worse yet,
for wicked and terrible acts. You wear your humanity like a
badge of honor, but you don't feel truly worthy of it yet.
Everyone who knew you before the Second Breath is
amazed and impressed at your transformation.
You have truly learned from your past life and
done what you can to set things right. You realize
you have far to go before you can claim true
righteousness, but at least you have begun.
Equipment: Simple clothing,
mortal identification and papers,
journal or book of sutras, walking
stick or staff (used for training,
exercise, and defense when needed).

Quote: The path that karma laid out for me is not
an easy one, nor is the way I walk it. The tortures of
Hell ripped away my illusions, but, now I see more
clearly than ever. I aspire toward perfection of
body, mind, and soul... for that day | am ready
to leave the Great Cycle behind. Until then,
I am at the service of the Court and my
brothers and sisters of the Way.

Prelude: You lived a poor life, and
not just in material things. Your life was
destitute where it mattered most — in
spirit. You did not honor your family. You
did not acknowledge the joy and sadness of
your life. Most of all, you did not honor
yourself and your place in this world. All
these things accumulated into a heavy
debt of karma. When your mortal life was
cut short, that debt came due.

The weight of your failures dragged
your soul down into the depths of Yomi,
where you learned your mistakes at the
hands of devils. As you suffered, you cried
out for a second chance... a way to make
things right and correct your mistakes.
Heaven was merciful and your newfound
conviction was enough to pull you back
from Hell and into your mortal body. You
still bear the marks of your suffering on
your soul, and you are different, in body
and spirit, from who you once were. The
greatest change, however, is in your
understanding of your purpose and
place in this world.

Others like you took you in.
They helped you leash the Demon
within and taught you to keep
your thoughts on your duties. You
returned to your mortal life with
their lessons in mind, along with
those you learned in Yomi. Now you
can fulfill the promise you made when
you begged fora second chance. You are
correcting your misdeeds and making
your life a rich one. You hold each
momentas though it were your last, and
you value the human qualities you have
re-discovered in yourself.

Concept: You are dedicated to
your studies. Once you have mastered
existing in the world and the intricate
ways of the Court, you'll be ready to pass
through the first gate, the first in the long
journey toward becoming a true Brahmin.
Although it may require more than a mortal
lifetime, you will not falter. You do this for your
own salvation, and to save the world. All around
you are the signs of the Yama Kings and their
growing power, but you stand between them and
your mortal family, as a true warrior should.

Roleplaying Hints: Once you were lost, but
now you have found your way. Death opened your
eyes to everything you once took for granted and
you cherish life-as only one who has lost it can.


NAME: Zealmin Disciple NATURE: Penitent BALANCE: YAN}
PLAYER: ‘ PO NATURE: The Veceivek DIRECTION: EAst
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Conformist Wu:
ATIR|BUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL ‘MENTAL
Strength. @@@000 Charisma. @@e@000 Perception. @e@0000
Dexterity. @©@@@00 Manipulation___ee@e@000 Intelligence e0000o

| Samina______@®@@00o Appearance___e@eoooo Wit_______eeoo0o0o0
ABjLTIES —
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness____@®@®0000
Athletics_____@®@e0000
Bawl______»«600000
Dodges @®0000
Empathy ____—— ®@e® e000
Expression____000000
Intimidation. 000000
Leadership_____D 00000
Streetwise. @@0000
Subterfuge___@ @O000

Animal Ken___000000
Crafts_____ —®00000
Drive_______9000000
Etiquette______@@ee@e000
Firearms_____90 00000
Martial Arts___@@0000
Meditation____ee®0000
Melee @@@000
Stealth_____9000000
Survival ___ 9000000

ADVANTAGES

Academics 9000000
Computer, 9000000
Finance 900000
Investigation, @00000
Linguistics____@® 00000
Medicine. 900000
Occult. 9000000
Politics, 900000
Rituals. @e@e@000
Science_____9000000

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS "RIES
Black wind _@ 00000 mi @@0000 Hakmonious Shielding of the.
Ikon Mountain @ 00000 Hokoscoke _@@®0000 —Guakded Howe
YangPeana _@ 00000 Lites ©0000 ATkacathe Peagon's land
OOO ee OOM
000000 000000
YIN CHI DHARMA £1." of the Rising Phoenix! GEALTH
Bruised Q
oO ae oO o000 Hurt 1Q
<5 {6000 we he Injured 1Q
Wounded 20
S wulrowse Mauled 20
@e@e@eee00000
g ®@ Crippled > il
@ Q0O00o0o00uog00 Incapacitated ey
e PO JMBALANCE
SO e@e0000000
O00 6

OQ 16)

ee eel

QO000000000
DEMON CHI


28 Heresies OF THE Way

Fanjix Guarpjan

Quote: My family survived more hardship than you'll
know, and are far from helpless so long as I'm watching over
them. oO Ng

Prelude: For as long as you can remember, your '
family depended on you. Even as a child, you helped
your parents and cared for your younger siblings. It was
good to feel needed, but sometimes you wished you had
more time to have fun instead of doing chores and
helping everyone else. It was that selfishness that earned
you a place in Hell.

You found your family an increasing burden that
was difficult to bear. You wanted to be free of them,
to do as you wished, knowing your life would be
different without them. When your wish came true,
you indulged in carefree excess. With no one
watching out for you, you came to a bad end.
There was no one else to blame... it was your
choice, just like you wanted.

The demons of Yomi reminded you how
you had failed your family. For all they suffered
because of your absence, you agonized a
thousand times more, yet still it would not
absolve you from what you had done. You
repented your mistakes and wanted more
than anything to rectify matters. You fought
your way free of Hell thinking nothing of
yourself, only of your duty to your family. It
was that devotion that allowed you to
subdue the Demon in your soul when you
returned home, changed. They comment
on how your experiences alone improved
you, made you more responsible and mature;
they're glad to have you back, and deep
down, it's good to be needed again.
Concept: Since taking the Second
Breath, you continually encounter others of
your kind, mostly predators stalking mortals as
their prey. You made it clear that your friends
and family are off-limits by sending one vampire
screaming back into Hell. You also learned of the
Kuei-jin who feel as you do. Now you learn their
ways. The majority of vampires conspire in their
secret Courts, toward what mysterious ends you
don't know. All that matters is that you have a
second chance. As long as you're around, anyone who
threatens your family will regret it... anyone.

Roleplaying Hints: In many ways, you're more
human now than before taking the Second Breath. Your
dedication to your family is total; you do what you must
to protect and nurture them. That includes destroying
the odd Kuei-jin or mortal bothering them as well as
using your gifts to ensure their prosperity. You have no
interest in the so-called society of the Kuei-jin aside
from your own Dharma. The other Courts sound
like nothing more than monsters plotting in
the night and fighting amongst themselves.
Why would you want to partake in that?
Equipment: Some stolen money and goods
stashed away in case you need them, a .38 special
revolver (for self defense), a dog-eared photograph of
your family, and an empty locket.


NAMES FAMily Guardian NATURE: MAKty BALANCE: ‘YAng

PLAYER: PO NATURE: || he Devion DIRECTION: EAst
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: CAKE Sivek wu:
ATIR}BUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL ‘MENTAL

Strength, @00 Charisma @000 Perception___ ®@®0000
| Dexterity 000 Manipulation___e @0000 Intelligence. e@0000
Stamina______@@@00o0 Appearance___e@eooo0 Wits_______eeeo00od
~ ABjLjT)ES -
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken, 9000000 Academics 000000
Athletics, @@0000 Caafts 000000 Computer 000000
Brawl @@0000 Drive @00000 Finance. @00000
Dodge. @e0000 Etiquette. @00000 Investigation. @e@e0000
Empathy. @@0000 Firearms @@0000 Linguistics 000000
Expression. 000000 Martial Arts 000000 Medicine. @00000
Intimidation. @®00000 Melee. 9000000 Occult. @00000
Leadership. 000000 Performance. @@0000 Politics. 000000
Streetwise. @00000 Stealth @00000 Rituals. 000000
Subterfuge. @00000 Survival @@0000 Science. 000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Deion Shintai_@ 00000 Allies fami) ee e000
Equilibkiwa __e@@0000 Kesouxces __@@ 0000
_  MOMOOO a OU 000
000000 _______000000
000000 _______000000
YON CHI DHARMA £1307 of the Rising Phoeniy —
oe ie HUN Bruised Q
) @e@e@e@eo00000d0d Hurt 1Q
e Gave Oo Injured 1Q
Or WILLPOWER Wounded 20
© : Mauled 20
3 @e@e@eee0000d0d Crippled 50
3 gaQagggagaoaououa Incapacitated Q
@
O PO JMBALANCE

ee @@e@0000000

ee cael

YANG CHI QO00go000g0000
DEMON CHI


30 Heresies oF THe Way

Qujncunx Apostate seek out a Rising Phoenix guru and become'a student all
Quote: You call me akuma, but you don't know what thar, OVeF again.
means any more! I rediscovered the Concept: Once you were arrogant, supremely confident

as. : 5 : 2
compassion I lost... I returned to the iN in your inhuman skills and assured of Heaven's Mandate.

life I left behind. I'm not a saint or ANG} Now you've set aside vampiric pretense and posturing,
a devil, and 1 protect and Ri becoming humble and grateful for the simpler, human
provide for my family as best z Ng i considerations. You pursue your path with a renewed
Lean. Souhichofusis toily : zeal and dedication, filled with purpose and
the demon here? SP SSSSN — accomplishment. Your Dharma gives your
Pealuder Vouremorel soe oA existence meaning and vitality. Ifonly more
life swas @, wretched and ye gx Kuei-jin, once they understood as you do,
Z could put aside their immortal games and

pointless one, so filled with Z fl

misery that you embraced the oe partake in life once again

Second Breath with all your ~< Roleplaying Hints: You are humble
heart, You roslete. your and sincere, dedicated with the faith of
teachers' lessons and /fy x 7 f- the newly. converted. Although you
excelled, earning their (faa ING, "ey 1 follow the Rising Phoenix Dharma, you
qulet:praise and'a placed haven't forgotten all that you've learned
in Kuei-jin society. You 32 in your time with the August Courts.
chose your Dharma from the Dien yy That knowledge has helped you avoid
Fivefold Way and pursued it with * ¢7-any would-be akuma hunters or former
unending diligence. Many in the August WZ x associates who, might cause you trouble. It
Courts believed a worthy future in you... \ fq ? also proves useful for finding other Kuei-

\ ~ jin interested in discovering a new way
You eagerly discuss your recent insights
with any of your kind willing to listen, and
you wish more Kuei-jin would reach the
understanding you have.

Equipment: Journal of experiences
and Dharmic research, fake IDs and
passports, jade talisman (a gift from a

former teacher).

you would go far in»sérvice to the
Revered Ancestors.

After settling into your newfound
existence, however, yowrealized your
achievements brought you little joy.
The praise of your teachers and elders
seemed hollow while the Court's
political games became meaningless. /
Everything you accomplished /
turned to ash that a cold wind blew
far from your hands. You pondered
an eternity existing like this and
the thought became unbearable. i
Your Second Breath was nothing
but.a hollow mockery of life, a [Va
sham. You studied the other
Dharmas, hoping to fill the void, }
but you found only meaningless
philosophy and useless guides to a |
pointless existence. y

In a desperate gamble, you
secretly sought out the
heretical Dharmas and other
knowledge forbidden in the
August Courts. After all,
what was left to lose? In
time, your search bore
fruit. You discovered the
Flame of the Rising
Phoenix, and it was as
though your path had
come full circle. You
realized the mortal life you
left behind was the key to
acontented and enriching
existence. You needed to
heal the wounds left in
your spirit and truly learn
to live again. You left
behind all you achieved
in the August Courts to ,


NAMES Quincunx Apostate NATURE: Visionary BALANCE: ‘YAn<

PLAYER: PO NATURE: T112 F000) DIRECTION: Est
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: {2e)2] Wu:
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@0000 Charisma. @@0000 Perception, @@e@000
Dexterity. @@@000 Manipulation___e@@000 Intelligence. @@e0ee@00
Stamina_____@@0000 Appearance___e@eococo Wit_______eeeoo0o

ABILITIES — ~
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_______@@0000 AnimalKen___000000 Academics___000000
Athletics_____ 9000000 Crafts_____ 9000000 Computer___e®00000
Bawl________000000 Drive_____000000 Enigmas_____eee00o

Dodge. @00000 Etiquette. @@0000 Investigation, @e@0000
Empathy. @@0000 Firearms. @00000 Linguistics. e@@e0000
Expression. @00000 Martial Arts. 000000 Medicine 000000
Intimidation, 000000 Meditation. e00000 Occult @00000

Leadership. 000000 Melee. 000000 Politics. @00000
Streetwise. @00000 Stealth. 000000 Rituals. @@@e000
Subterfuge @ @O0000 Survival ® 00000 Science___000000

ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES

BackwWind _@ 00000 Contacts __@@0000 Wavolthe one walker
Cultivation __@00000_ JadeTilisman @@0000 —
YangPeana __@®00000 Lites ______eeo000o0

0:0:0;0:0 0. ———________10'0'6 0070:
O00000 _WHH OO 0DDOO
yn cu DHARMA £1. of the ising Phoenix! Let
Bruised Q
HUN
SgGOO. ©e©00000000_ Hurt 10
0? : Injured 10
a . WILLPOWER Wounded 20
: Mauled 20
$ e@e@eeee0000 Crippled 3a
3 googo0gogoguodogua Incapacitated Q
@
@ 0 JMBALANCE
S ee @@ee0000000
Lore neat
YANG CHI QOOO0000000


32
Great Ljves oF THE
Rising PHomnjx

Unlike many Dharmas, the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix has few great bodhisattvas still walking the
Earth. At least, if any exist, they remain hidden from
everyone. Most of this Dharma's followers believe
their masters have ascended from the Great Cycle,
leaving the world behind, though there are stories
about enlightened ones who travel in disguise, teaching
here and there to guide other Kuei-jin towards their
state of grace.

Kararagama

The legendary bodhisattva of the Rising Phoenix,
Kataragama is associated with Buddha and the Hindu
god Vishnu. He reputedly took the Second Breath when
the Yama King Ravana controlled the island of Sri Lanka
and was spreading his influence throughout what would
become the Infinite Thunders Court. Kataragama was
one of the many mortal victims of Ravana's and his
raksha's cruelty.

After emerging from Yomi as Wan Kuei, Kataragama
chose not to follow the Dharmas espoused by followers of
Xue. Instead, he returned to his mortal life to protect and
care for his family. In his writings, he likened his return
from Hell to a Phoenix rising from the ashes, and his
example inspired other newly returned Kuei-jin to follow
him. Kataragama helped the Beast Courts and allied shen
to overthrow Ravana's rule of Sri Lanka, putting an end
to the Yama King's domain on Earth. Afterwards, he
taught many students, who wrote down his teachings.
These became the core tenets of the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix Dharma.

IS gc ™%
8 Ee
Z aa

=

Heresies or rie War

a F

It is said that Kataragama achieved transcendence
through his simple observance of life and ascended to
Heaven in a blinding light, no longer trapped in the
Great Cycle of incarnation. Phoenixes, particularly
those in the heart of the Infinite Thunders Court,
study his existence to emulate him through his
teachings and actions.

Prachar

The Rising Phoenix Prachak is far more than he first
appears; he is one of the Dharma's stronger teachers and
guides in the Infinite Thunders Court. This is despite the
fact that he is barely a Running Monkey by the August
Courts' standards, having only taken the Second Breath
less than a decade ago.

A poor man in Sri Lanka, Prachak fell ill from
malnutrition and died knowing he had failed his family
as a provider. Heavy with guilt, his soul sank into Yomi
and suffered terribly until his devotion allowed him to
overcome his fear and pain, and fight back. He fought his
way free of Hell and returned to his mortal flesh,
convincing his family that a miracle had brought him
back to them. He had not been dead, merely in a deep
coma. His deep love for his wife and children allowed
him to hold his Demon nature at bay for a time.

Since his Second Breath, Prachak has become a
dedicated student of the Brahmin of the Bijali Court.
Although he is not a true Brahmin himself yet, only a
Scholar of Stone, Prachak has advanced far in such a
short time and shows considerable promise. His particular
aptitude is teaching, and he takes newly risen Kuei-jin
under his wing to show them the Rising Phoenix's ways.
He is also an able provider for his family, using his
connections and influence in the Court. He sometimes


Cnapren Outs The Flame oF THe Rising PHoenjx

pretends to be a beggar in the streets of Colombo to
observe, knowing first hand that few people pay the poor
any regard,

Hawan Aaj

Rising Phoenix guru Hawan Ali originally hails from
Bangladesh. He still visits his homeland, though affairs
within the Infinite Thunders Court distract. him more
often. While few Kuei-jin question Ali's dedication to
his Dharma or duty, some Brahmin are concerned that
his devotion to duty holds him back from fully exploring
his path.

Ali took the Second Breath in 1981, during one of
several military coups that overthrew the government of
Bangladesh. His "recovery" from his fatal wound was lost
in the confusion of other events, and Ali, a devout
Muslim, believed it was Allah's will and mercy that
granted him a second opportunity at a righteous life. At
first he believed it meant continued involvement in
efforts to oust the ruling military dictatorship. He rejected
blasphemous Dharmas like the Face of the Gods and the
Howl of the Devil-Tiger in favor of the Flame of the
Rising Phoenix.

In 1988, terrible floods devastated Bangladesh, killing
Ali's wife and one of his children. Their deaths proved to
beamoment of Dharmic insight forAli, and he redoubled
his devotion to his path, becoming more involved in the
Infinite Thunders.Court. He even took new Wan Kuei
who arose from the disaster as students. It was that which
brought him to the attention of the Brahmins of the
Bijali Court; they offered Ali the opportunity to relocate
his surviving family and study with them. He accepted,
leaving Bangladesh in 1990.

33

Since then, Ali has risen quickly through the
Dharma's ranks, becoming a Brahmin himself shortly
before the appearance of the Eye of the Demon Emperor
and the events that followed. The impending Sixth Age
has convinced Hawan Ali that the teachings of the
Rising Phoenix are needed now more than ever. He
encourages the Court to recruit new Kuei-jin before they
fall into the hands of Dharmas like the Face of the Gods
or the Yama Kings' clutches.



Cuapren Two: The Tempest oF THe jNWaRD Focus

35

CHAPTER FWO:
FNE TEMPEST

OF TNE

INWAKD

FOEUS

PRELUDE

SinGaPORE

Chong jogged along the beach, the lights and noise of
the East Coast. Parkway Hawker stands receding slowly
behind him. The waterfront park was empty and the moored
ships in the bay, lit like Christmas decorations, gave the
humid evening a pensive, introspective consideration' it
didn't deserve. Nervously Chong stopped for the'fourth or
fifth time since hitting the beach and peered intently into
the darkness to see if any of Mistress of Ulu Tiram's killers
had followed him.

Movingagain towards the distant roar of Changi Airport,
Chong cursed the penangallan bitch for setting her dogs on
him... he cursed himself even more for not listening to
Dewatacengkar. Chong had been so smart, so clever, in
keeping his interest in the Inward' Way secret from the
ancestors; they never realized he'd finally seen through their
thick web of lies and illusions. That a member of his own wu
would betray him had never occurred to Chong...

Oh... he'd been so clever.

Cursing himself for a fool again, Chong picked up his
pace. The Ancestor of the Ulu Tiram Court hadn't wasted
time when Deddy told her that the Lion Court's favorite jina
was dabbling in the forbidden. Grudgingly, Chong admitted
he didn't really blame Deddy. Dewatacengkar had warned
him that most Kuei-jin were so lost in their world of illusions
and fear that the truth would only drive them to violence or

treachery. He'd tried reasoning with Deddy, but to no
avail... he had to kill him. Atleast Dewatacengkar would be
proud of him for trying.

Chong, realizing his mind was wandering, leapt into the
calming succor of a meditative chant that Dewatacengkar
taught him and tried centering his mind and body on the
Tau. The Ulu Tiram Court killers wouldn't expect him to
jog to the airport. Sure they'd watch it, but they'd spend
more time tearing up Holland Village, believing he hid in
one of the boltholes he kept there. Once Chong climbed
over the wire and clambered up the undercarriage of a
Garuda jet, he'd be in Indonesia in no time. No passports, no.
police, no chance for the Courts' assassins to find him

Changi Airport painted the night sky a demonic orange,
rudely reminding Chong of his time in Yomi. Portents
weren't his strong suit, but this wasn't a particularly good
comparison to be making right now.

Jets roared in and out in measured cadence, more than
enough distraction to cover Chong knocking out a perimeter
searchlight and leaping the twelve-foot fence. He grinned
to nobody in particular while moving across the maze of
runways, home free.

Suddenly, a 747 briefly dominated an adjacent runway
like a silver ghost before it rocketed skyward. It sent wildly
distorted shadows and a shrill roaring wind racing past
Chong, who had just enough time to note the figures
behind him....

Something with the force of a sledgehammer hit Chong
in the back of the head.

36

Chong rolled with the blow and came up in a Preying
Mantis stance. He didn't recognize his assailants, but they
could have been Ulu Tiram soldiers... they weren't carrying
guns or swords, though. Instead the half dozen attackers
shifted into Sweeping Swallow stance. Looking into their
hard eyes, Chong prepared to take the fight tolhis opponents
(the Tempest of the Inward Focus taught that attack was the
best defense). Chong hesitated, however. Sweeping Swallow
was the classical, Tempest riposte to Preying Mantis.

"Hey... are you..." Chong tried asking. His momentary
hesitation spurred his attackers into action; the six launched
a coordinated flurry of kicks and punches. They worked in
tandem beautifully, timing their attacks and pressing him on
three sides simultaneously. Such coordination required hours
of work in a martial studio, for the Tempest of the Inward
Focus was not an easy form to master. Fortunately, Chong's
mind worked faster than his hands and feet... he was trying
to intuit what was happening here before these clowns sent
him howling back to Yomi. They were Seekers... they had
to be. They knew the Tempest too well, but, they had to
know he did too.

Calling on the Black Wind of his inner storm, Chong
moved faster than the eye could see. A plane lumbered
towards them, but Chong wasn't sure if the roar he heard
came from the plane, or from him. His solitary punches and
kicks gave way to the fluid movement rotes of the Tempest's
form. Chong slipped past two attackers in a low sweeping
spin, and sent them flying from the fray with snapping
blows. The plane, a 787, was upon them, just inches from the
ground. One assailant landed unconscious outside the tarmac,
while the other was sucked screaming into the turbine of the
787 thundering past.

The pilots were probably howling over their radios by
now. The plane plunged back to the ground, turbine flaming
and one wing dropping heavy towards the tarmac. The front
wheel bracket snapped from the heavy landing... the plane
was turning into a flaming snowball of wreckage.

Chong used the momentary lull in his attack to look
around and grin. He adopted the Strutting Bull Stance.
"Well don't be shy," he yelled over the screech of the
crashing plane, "let's get it on."

An explosion broke the spine of the plane further down
the runway, nearly rocking everyone off their feet. Chong
pressed the attack with a series of swirling foot combinations;
the air around them billowed from another explosion. One
attacker fled, alight from a spray of burning avgas that lit her
up like a torch. Puddles of burning fuel and a hail of debris
littered the runway, turning the fight into an obstacle
course, but the battle continued.

Chong could sense the rising fear in his attackers,
another of whom fled, but Chong grew calmer. The Tempest
of the Inward Focus centered him on the Tau. The burning
wreck of the 787 lit the night like Hell's dawn and Chong
realized his attackers were a fairly motley bunch... Malays
and Bangladeshis dressed like street trash. They weren't
assassins...

This was all piss-poor luck on everyone's part.

Sirens howled in the distance and the area would soon
swarm with mortals... so much for a quiet trip to Indonesia.
It was unlikely any more flights were leaving tonight. It was
time to go.

Inacontrolled burst of lethality, Chong lashed out with
double knife-hands, his fingers biting deep into one attacker's

Heresies oF THe Way

chest. The last assailant bolted before the unlife even fled
his friend's eyes. Chong grunted, and withthe last vestiges
of Black Wind, leaped over the perimeter fence before
heading for the bay. A ship wasn't as fast'as a plane, but it
was better than trying to hide in the city.

Jjoqjararta; & Monrt Later

The distant melodies of wind chimes atop the Wat's
pagoda mingled with the greeting cries of jungle birds.
Chong slipped deeper into his dawn trance, the Inward
Way carrying him towards the Tau. Around him a dozen
other Seekers awaited the coming day, testing their
endurance and inner calm against the purity of the Sun's
rays. The last months had passed almost without notice, as
though the Wat stood outside of time. This didn't surprise
Chong; he now understood that time was an illusion like so
much else he had taken for granted. Still, he had learnt
much here. In the peaceful center of his personal storm of
unbalance, Chong recalled the most recent experiences in
his search for the Tau....

Music throbbed in Chong's temples, the deep bass
thrumming through the club floor where hundreds of mortals
crammed together in the sweaty darkness. Chong could feel
Yin bubbling in his blood, like his skin was pulled tight and
he was about to explode. Diva turned to him, grinning and
sticking her tongue out lewdly; she swore she could taste the
mortal blood in the air. Her white skin and blonde hair
marked Diva as the center of attention for every man who
saw her, as well as a few women. As immune to mortal
temptations as he was, Chong could still feel the Kin-jin's
seductive pull, a forbidden sensuality that spoke of pleasures
beyond mortal ken. No matter what nonsense the Courts
spouted about the Kin-jin, one thing was certain. They
knew more about having a good time than anyone else
Chong had ever met.

The toilet cubicle was filthy with piss and more intimate
fluids, and Chong gasped at the pleasure the gitls gave him.
Below him, Chong could see Diva drinking deeply from one
girl, her ecstatic look telling him that being drained dry by
a Kin-jin was certainly... pleasant. Chong and Diva had
been at it for hours and neither could remember how many
mortals they'd been through this evening; the drugs and
alcohol he'd consumed along with all the blood left his mind
in a spin. However many it was, they already had to change
clubs twice.

"Damn inconvenient trying to hide bodies in a
nightclub," he giggled to himself.

As Diva dropped the drained girl to the floor, Chong
felt himself rise beyond death, taking the last girl with him
and sowing her with the fruit of his night's debauched
labors.

The darkness and panting of the stall gave way to a
bitter smell of old, rotted flesh and the singsong call of the
muezzin. Chong was elsewhere in his meditations, though
he could feel his flesh putrefy beneath the rising sun's caress.
He redoubled his efforts to return to his meditation, but
instead found himself crouching in the semi-darkness of a
hovel built of corrugated iron and packing crates...

Chong ran his fingers over a child's corpse, looking for
evidence of the creature he hunted. The first whispers of this
beast had emerged from the squatter camps on Surabaya's
outskirts weeks before; something was preying on young
boys. Chong had done nothing, sure that the Illuminated
Thoughts of the Monkey wu would deal with the problem.


|

JNTRODUCTFON jNTO THE DHaRMa

CuapTer Twos The Tempest oF THe fuWarp Focus © _

37

The heretical Dharma called the Tempest of the Inward Focus stands fat outside the accepted laws and rites defining

most Kuei-jin boundaries. Rather than being akuma in th

> normal sen:

: of the word, the Tempests (or Seekers of the

Inward Way, as they call themselves), deny the validity of the spiritual beliefs endemic to the yarious courts. Inmany ways,

this sect lives in a different v
forthe concept of karmic debt. Seekers inste

of the all-encompassing Tau. Their nights revolve around exploring the hidden truths of thi

world behind and become one with the universe

Kuei-jin of the August Courts find the Seekers endlessly frustrating. The
and beliefS are superior in understanding the Tau, which creates a cultural gap with mar
believe the world around them is an illusion, Seekers generall

self-evident, such as the Fivefold Way. Finally, the Sec

behavior arousing both paranoia and anger amongst the
Ultimately, the Seekers exist in adi

side accepts the other's viewpoint, b

J see the world as a pu:

erent world from the August C
use doing so would undermine the validity of their own belic
ongoing conflicts, all because the Seekers often unwittingly pursue actions supporting the Yama Kings.

orld, dismissing the Wheel and the Yama Kings.as mere illusions and having little patience

le, a fusion of teality and illusion cloaking the nature
Tau so they can leave the
Seekers do not believe East Asian culture:
elder Kusi-jin, Because they
istence of the "truths" the C

deny the urts believe are

different salyation. Of course, neither
This sets the stage for
- sometimes even

urts and

deliberately, to shock the Courts into "piercing" the illusions of the Yomi and Spirit Worlds.

The Seekers of the Inward Way are al
Way has none of the apocalyptic elements of C

sn anomaly in the East because many are seemingly optimistic
ourt beliefs. The Seekers recognize the negative elements of the Wheel,

but claim the world's slow, downward spiral isa self-fulfilling prophecy. The Court Ku

The Inward

-jin believe in the inevitability

ofthe Sixth Age; therefore their descent into the horrors of the Sixth Age is inevitable, for they create their own illusion.
Seekers move through the world in a state of almost bemused conceit, though some are bitterly angry about their

persecution at the hands of the Courts.

This division violently splits the Seekers. Some are quite otherworldly, not particularly interested in the Courts or

their beliefs. Others are religious fanatics whose pursuits are an ex
sin for the concept of the Si

instances, however, there is an obvious di
problems directly-on the Kuei-jin of the Courts.

Conversely, the Seekers
rationali:

touch with reality or completely insane.

To many Kuei-jin of a non-east Asian background, the Inward ¥
y. What if the Seeker:

Chinese-dominated beliefs and soc

e seen as alien intruders in the Courts.
ng matters in ways that seem foolish to the Courts: As a result, the Courts'see them as either naive and out of

are right? By being more closely tied with local culeu

us yreak havoc and chaos in the Courts. In all
y the blame for the region's

either violent or curious, thinking and

tious challenge to the Courts'
and

ay also represents a

actively adopting the beliefs of those cultures into their philosophy and opinions, the Seekers often strike deep chords

ithin non-east Asian Kuei-jin. Th

dismissal of the Yama Kings and the limits of the Great Principle often makes them unwitting harbingers of the Six

After all, these locals were their possessions and
responsibility. Weeks passed and nothing happened... the
whispers grew more frightened.

Now here»Chong was, brimming with Yang and
searching through a truly foul place for something that
consumed blood and souls. He'd caught a local wu vampire,
and after some inventive torture, got the little shit to
admit that the Wicked City had laid claim to this slum; the
wu had arranged a deal with the demon running the portal.
In return for its help in a midnight war, they gave it
unopposed reign in the area.

Demons?

The Wicked City?

Slum?

Chong emerged from the hovel, cursing to himself.
When would these fools open their minds? These were
nothing but illusions. Regardless, Chong planted a large
number of incendiary devices around the area where the
illusions had taken root in reality. A good fire and some
urban renewal would cut at the root of the problem.

The recollections of smoke from the inferno and the
screams of the dying gave way to Chong's self-preservation.
He was among the last to scamper through a trapdoor into

seductive element frightens the Courts the most, especially since the Seek

th Age:

the Wat's protected basement. Chong looked around the
cellar, grimacing at his decaying, graying flesh. He collapsed,
exhausted, and decided to sleep until night came. Then.
Then it would time to travel again, time to leave Java
behind. Chong felt the need to return to Singapore. The rest
of his old wu were still there, lost in illusions. Perhaps it was
arrogance; perhaps it was guilt that he was saved while they
were still lost, but he needed to try and rescue them. He
wanted to deliver them from the darkness that blinded
them, or give them surcease for their endle:
the Courts. Better death than to be forever lost.

At least he owed his old friends that much.
fijsTORY
Cuvang Tzu

At the feet of Lao-Tzu I learnt the truth of the formless
and eternal Tau, but I denied myself pleasure. I over-
indulged in abstinence and asceticism in the mistaken belief
such sacrifice would lead me to become one with the Tau.
When I went out into the world, I was unprepared for its
multitude of tastes and pleasures; they seduced me and I...

subservience to


1 abandoned my search for the Tau. I ate spicy food, drank
fine wine and indulged in the pleasures of the bedchamber.
I was just another corrupt mandarin. in the Court of a
depraved and decadent emperor. When death took me, I was
far from the Tau. l/became one with Yang and suffered
endlessly through the imbalance of my nature. Yet my
wisdom returned, and in the midst of suffering I sought the
Tau again through pute strength of will. Froman unbalanced
death, the Tau is forever elusive, but I found something
else... the knife-edge upon which balance the Yin and the
Yang. | existed here, but did not breathe. No longer did I
seek the Way outside myself; now the path could only be
within, in the tempest of my own conflicting being.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu
* * *

"You seriously expect me to believe that those howling
maniacs in the mountains are Taoists? No way, man, no way!
They hate us Chinese more than the breathing abangan do!
No way they're Taoists."

"{ don't require you to believe me, Wengho Chong.
Indeed, I am completely indifferent to how you regard the
followers of the Inward Way. Do you truly believe, however,
that these barbarians have ever thought for themselves?
Even their heresies are Chinese. The irony that these rebels
against the Quincunx follow the path of one of our own is
sweet... all the more so for their inability to comprehend
that the joke is, how you Running Monkeys say, on them?"

"So this Chuang-Tzu was one of your lot then? Why
didn't you mandarins take care of him before his ideas
became such a problem."

"Watch your tongue, Chong... I don't need you enough
to tolerate impudence."

"My humble pardon, Minister of First Principles and
Enlightened Words."

"Better. For that I'll ignore your earlier insolent banter
and answer your question. Yes, Chuang-Tzu was one of ours,
as you so crudely stated, back at the time of Spring and
Autumn after the fall of Luoyang and the Zhou. He was a
jina in the Yellow Emperor's Court, a prodigy already past
the chih-mei when they found him. He was destined for great
things, had he not welcomed unacceptable thoughts. He
refused to accept the Great Principle and called for a foolish
denial of Di'hana. When Chuang-Tzu would not correct
his... impertinence, we declared him akuma. But he escaped
to the tottering Scarlet Phoenix Court before we could
expunge his heresy by the light of heavenly truth."

"So... he thought the Dharmas were a total load of crap,
and that he didn't need to kowtow to get ahead. Then, when
you went to snuff him, he skipped south."

"Foolish kéa, his heresy was more serious than that.
Chuang-Tzu did not resent the Ancestors' temporal
authority... he denied their spiritual superiority. Burying
himself in mortal foolishness, Chuang denied Heaven and
the Fivefold Way. He refuted everything so that he could be
one with the universe. That his search should lead him into
every excess the Great Principle disapproved of was no small
factor in motivating his heresy, I assure you.

"Chuang-Tzu was not content keeping his spiritual
pollution to himself... his words were like fire amongst the
barbarians. He shared responsibility for the Scarlet Phoenix
Court's collapse into the den of half-cultured peasants and
akuma that the Golden Courts are today. Eventually, even
the petty mandarins of the Golden Courts believed him

Herisies oF Tue Way

dangerous and destroyed the vast majority of his followers.
Unfortunately, as the Wheel turned further; more Kuei-jin
willingly turned to any heresy that excused their denial of
the Mandate of Hell."

"So this Chuang guy taught all those southern pig-
eaters that the Courts were all wrong and he had it right?"

"Must I explain everything in words only the uncultured
would grasp? The barbarian Kuei-jin always hate us, yet our
Di'hanic superiority is so evident that they have no choice
but to follow our dictates and admit our rightful place of
leadership. Chuang tried changing that... he gave the
barbarians a path without rules, without limitations, where
they could wallow in the filth of their ignorance and poor
habits and call themselves blessed."

"Okay, right... I get it. But I still don't understand why
you call these guys Taoists. They don't actually follow all
that stuff the mortals do, like that Tai Chi shit my
grandparents did? Actually, you know, now that I think
about it... some of their moves did look familiar."

"In his debauchery, Chuang-Tzu and his acolytes adopted
many mortal beliefs. At least those of Lao-Tzu were
Chinese... others were drawn from whatever disgusting rites
justified their debauchery and rebellion. In Chuang's eyes,
why bother building something more complex, especially
when barbarian Kuei-jin knew no better and cared even less.
As you noted, even their martial art, the Tempest of the
Inward Focus, is based on the mortal Tai Chi. Of course,
being called a Taoist infuriates them. It's a reminder of
exactly how meaningless all their babble actually is. Now let
us proceed with our task. The sooner we can return to
Rangoon and Chung Kuo the better.

The Mandarin of Jade of Blood Court, recorded by agents
of Ne Win, Bamboo Prince of Rangoon

* * *

In my new state I was not alone, but those around me
were still lost in the ignorant beliefs that accompanied them
over death. Illusions of demons, spirits and a foolish notion
of subservience they called the Mandate of Hell consumed
their attentions. They were ignorant... all such concepts
were merely stories to guide the unenlightened towards
comprehending the eternal immensity of the Tau. These
other seekers, calling themselves the Demon People, hid
from the Tau and denied the eternal balancing of their
nature. I shouted out, my lessons borne on my words, my
cries shattering their beliefs for the insubstantial shadows of
a lantern that they were.

Yet the Tau frightens, and many could not pull their
mouths from the teats of ignorance and superstition upon.
which they nursed. Only a few had the courage to seek out,
though all who escaped the imbalance of unenlightened
death surely possess the will. As the honest mandarin can
find no peace under a corrupt dynasty, I found no rest
amongst the Great Courts. I took my few disciples, and left
the lands of the Zhou to spread the truth to all those who
might treasure the peace of the Inward Way.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu
* * *

Hey Deddy!

How's the gang down at Causeway Bay? I know I'm
supposed to be dead, but man, I'm not... and I'm really not
sure why. I followed that out-of-date pompous ass up in the
Shan Hills and it all went seriously bad. These Tempest
akuma dudes have this massive old temple up there Deddy,

Cuapren Two: The Tempest oF THe fuwarp Focus

and I mean like ancient. It was so packed with Chi, I felt I
was doing ice just being near it. Anyway, the First Minister
of Stupidity misjudged these guys. They handed him his
head when we tried to go in. I thought I was a goner too, but
instead I got a lecture and they let me go.
Email from Wengho Chong to Deddy Hermanus
* * *

You would do wellto listen, young seeker, for much of
what you know flounders in'ignorance. The Sage, he who is
Chuang-Tzu, first came to us on the slopes of Penanggungan,
at the Gates of Jedong near the seat of the Scarlet Phoenix
Court. He brought us a truth as sweet-scented as cloves, and
broke the chains of illusion used by the Ancestors of the
Great Courts to bind us. He demanded no tribute, accepted
no gifts, refused any thought of rulership and gave meaning
to the nights we spent in slavery and servility. We became
Danh Tui, seekers of the way, and sought to extricate ourselves
from the meaningless Great Cycle... the path of never-
ending imbalance as dictated by the ancestors.

The lackeys of the Scarlet Phoenix attacked us, for we
denied them their mistresses' false glory and foolish honor.
Yet we had no thought of fighting. We only wished to lift the
veil of illusion from theirsouls... fighting isa distraction from
the great task revealed to us by the Sage. When persuasion
failed, we left the Courts to their baubles and turned to our
search for the Tau, ignoring them as best we could. The Sage
knew our enemies would beset us and prepared us well,
teaching us the Tempest of the Inward Focus so that we might
defend ourselves in the streets and jungles.

The Inward Way is not easy, however, for to find the
Tau one must know the path intimately. You'must know the
pleasure of the whore and the purity of the monk. All
experiences are valid, for the Tau is. everything and
everywhere. It is the universe of experiences.

v

39

Inevitably some fell from the way, losing themselves to
debauchery or abstinence, treating those who persecuted
them with hatred and enmity. These we called Aks. They
professed the Sage's words, but perverted them to justify
their weakness and strife.

With their mastery in the Tempest of the Inward Focus,
the Aks caused much destruction. By the time the Ancestor
of the Scarlet Phoenix Court fell to her mandarins' treachery,
the others only knew the Inward Way for the fighting skills
it taught. Naturally the little Courts that grew from the
manure of the Great Courts used the Aks to persecute us all.
Their thoughts were safely ensconced in the banality of
their own cultural arrogance, pathetic superstition, and
spiritual desolation.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel
* i, *

Most Illustrious and Honored Ancestor,

Ihave followed your instructions closely.and examined
all our tecords regarding those akuma, the Tempest of the
Inward Focus. What the jina _Wengho Chong learned
matches our knowledge of the Fall of Great Courts — with
savage hordes of akuma sweeping down from the mountains
to fall on those loyal to the Scarlet Phoenix Court. Yet,
according to our records, the Tempest devils did not only
strike to the south:

The akuma also struck the Yellow Emperor and
White Tiger Courts. Indeed, some annotations in the
records indicate that the attempt by the White Tiger
Ancestor to enter forbidden Tibet was based on her
misguided belief that it sheltered powerful Tempest
Wats. Perhaps the most dangerous secret I uncovered,
however, one madeall the more pertinent by the akuma
Dewatacengkar attempts to seduce young Wengho, was
that the fall of the Black Tortoise Court to the Yama


Kings' minions was due directly to the influence of
Chuang-Tzu's infamous blindness.

That these akumaseek converts once againisadisturbing
sign of things to come.

As for the supposed Sage of the Inward Way, we have
heard nothing of him since the destruction of the last Black
Tortoise during the time of the Shi Huangdi. Tales from
tortured Tempest akuma since reveal no clues as to his
whereabouts, except for the idiotic notion he meditates ina
secret Wat in Tibet. What is more certain is that from the
time the Scarlet Phoenix Court fell, a internal schism has
divided these akuma into two main camps... the Aks and the
Danh Ti. This had led to significant fighting for control of
the powerful Tempest Wats constructed on hidden Dragon
Nests. It appears this division continues, though active
fighting between the two factions stopped during the Wang
Mang interregnum.

The records also state that the secretive Danh Ta
retained control of most Wats, as the ill-timed destruction
of the Mandarin of Jade made sadly clear. The records of the
Most Revered Ancestor do not say why these akuma develop
these places of power, but they are always situated on
Dragon Nests, often in conjunction with mortal temples,
and often in accordance with local shen. It appears that
cooperation between the Danh Tt and various shen developed
during their war with the Aks, but again, the records do not
elaborate why.

The records are clear that through guile, right thinking
and purity of action, the Quincunx prevented the Tempest
akuma from gaining any influence in Chung Kuo, though
they prospered like corpse maggots everywhere except the
Azure Court's ancient domains. Whatever their faults, at
least the Japanese and Koreans kept this scourge from their
door, no more willing to tolerate the southern barbarians
than we were. Such remained the case, Most Honored
Ancestor, until the coming of the Foreign Devils. From that
time on, the records are silent with many scribes and scholars
diverting their attentions to the threat of the Kin-jin. It is
a most unfortunate oversight, for which I am shamed.

Letter from Mandarin Zhang Yang, Lady of Delicate
Nuances and Hidden Meanings to the Ancestor of the Blood
Court

Kin-yjn Berrayar

I don't know if I should be sending you this, Chong.
The old ones are apparently all paranoid about the Tempests
tight now. I'm not sure why, but everything's just going
from bad to worse. These akuma are obviously screwing
with the ancestor's peace of mind. Still, I've dug up a
reasonable amount of info for you, though I'm not sure why
you want all this ancient history. If the mandarins catch
you poking around in this shit, they'll hang you out to
cook. The stuff I found comes from several places, but
together, they explain why the Quincunx has such a major
problem with these guys. I think I got the information
clean, but you can never be too sure. You owe me big for
this Chong... and I mean really big!

Email from Deddy Hermanus to Wengho Chong
* . *

Matters here are rather strained, though the Cathayans
are making no further attempts to drive us from Hong Kong.
Pedder is doing his best to keep matters under control. More
importantly, my research into the possible abilities of the

Heresits oF Taz Way

Taoist Magicians we've heard so much about has uncovered
a potential gold mine. While working my way through the
layers of charlatans expected in such endeavors, a Cathayan
calling himself Feng Kaiying approached me: While lremain
suspicious of any friendly Cathayan, he managed to offer
several Kindred in Shanghai, Singapore, Rangoon, Calcutta
and Batavia as references. He apparently represents faction
of Cathayans we've never dealt with before, and he doesn't
seem to bear us the same animosity that the others do. He
claims to have the location of a potent Cathayan Temple
near the headwaters of the Red River in Yunan. I haven't
accepted his proposal for a joint expedition yet, but some
friendly Cathayans could very much add to our power here.

Intercepted letter from Oliver Thrace, Hong Kong, to

unknown recipient, Vienna, 1885
* * *

Ofcourse, the Aks sided with the gweilo, for they offered
new perversions to practice and a chance to strike at the
Quincunx. In the south, amongst the more tolerant Golden
Courts, there was less cooperation between the Western
dogs and Aks. Itseems the Aks did not care to drag themselves
from their orgies and Yomi worship. These Tempest dancers
were little more than bandits, emerging from their holes
when the Five Courts were weak and bathing themselves
with disgrace and depravity through their alliance with the
Kin-jin. As for the scuttling cockroaches who call themselves
Danh Ti, we've heard little of them for centuries... though
the Aks and Kin-Jin Tremere inflicted much damage to
their vaunted Wats.

Still, while we drove the Kin-jin from Chung Kua, the
Danh Tu were spared our direct wrath because of their
neutrality. They remained hidden in their corrupt jungle
and mountain nests. With the Aks, however, we almost
exterminated them to the Kuei-jin for their treachery, black
even by the demonic standards of akuma. Still, like the
insects they are, some scuttled into deep, dark holes from
which they could not be dug out, with many thanks, of
course, to the Golden Courts whose affiliations with the
Kin-jin was always widespread. With so many of their own
akuma to deal with, it's no surprise that the crawling dung
heaps of the south fester with all manner of heretical maggots
and worms.

Lecture from the Bodhisattva Lai Zhang of the Illuminating
Darkness, recorded 1967.

* * *

Of course we... cooperated with the Kin-jin. They
offered us another experience by which we could understand
the Tau. One must speak... to understand, and one has to
understand to help... and the Kin-jin are almost as spiritually
barren as you are.

Stop cutting me! I'm telling you everything...

You talk about your "plans," but you're blind. You're all
blind. We have no plans. We just want to be... to find the
immortal balance... become one with the Tau. Why won't
you let us do that? We're not like the Aks... we're different.
They seek experience without... without understanding.
They've been the constant thorn in your sides... and ours...
trying to get our Wats, but they're like yapping dogs. Never
been of real consequence... except in their own minds.

We Danh Tui worked... through the centuries, not to
overthrow your precious Courts. We could have, but we
didn't. We wanted to show you the folly of your ways. You
move... in a world of illusions created by your own fears.
We've been among you the entire time... You were satisfied


h

Gupte Two: The Tevprst oF THE fuWaRD Focus

driving off the Aks bandits and proclaiming yourself safe.
Wenever threatened you... We whispered words here, give
you an object lesson there... tried turning you from your
elf-fulfilling prophecies of doom.

Youcallit corruption... | callit learning. We're nobody's
setvants... not even the Aks are stupid enough to believe in
your Hells. Wenever did/anything except... show you the
Way. It's not so charitable as you think... for the Sage said,
"One can search and see but a single path, but many can
search and discover many paths." Some think that until all
Seekers are on the path, none will find the Tau. I don't
know, but enough of us think it's worth the risk that some
face oblivion trying.

Transcript of the interrogation of the akuma Dio Sii,
1976, Saigon

Recent Events

There's no doubt that there's been a dramatic increase
in the activity of all akuma, though the most disturbing
information at present is the growing movement of the
Danh Ta. While the Aks have been more active, this is
hardly surprising given the present disquiet and the fact that
these vultures have always flocked to trouble. Additionally,
the Aks haven't been actively hunted since the Second
World War, when the Gaki did at least one thing right by
killing as many of these corrupt traitors as they could find.
Andwhat most Gaki didn't get, the locals caught in revenge.

For the first time in centuries, though, if we can
believe the reports, the Danh Té are involving themselves
i matters outside their mountains. Aks we've interrogated
know little of what motivated these secretive akuma to
break their millennial old traditions. | would caution you
though, Comrades, that all of them are almost certainly
moving at the behest of their Yama King masters, and this
can mean nothing but trouble for the Courts. The following
intercepted communiqué from a high-ranking Aks to-his
agents indicates the worst.

Report from Ly Khac-Kham First Deputy Secretary of the
Bureau of Court Security, the Hong Quan Court of Hanoi,
1995

* * *

Greetings Fellow Followers of the Way,

The time is upon us to bring the last of the corrupt
Courts to their knees... we have hidden and skulked enough
since our defeat at the hands of the Gaki. But now, as the
storm breaks, we shall take our revenge and make our way
beyond this mortal realm to be one with the Tau. Now is not
the time for the subtlety and refrain we exhibited in the
past... now is not the time for prisoners... and now is not the
time to fight amongst ourselves.

The Courts have persecuted us for three thousand years;
we have been chaff before the wind of their power. The past
is history and the future shall be ours!

Open letter from Feng Kaiying, Aks Bupati

SocjeTy

That we pursue knowledge inevitably means we pursue
ignorance as well, for the Tau is all things. Learn from these
words, for bitter, sweet, distasteful or pleasing, they are the
range of your pallet. Afterall, if we were not meant to sample
that which displeases us, why would we then be able to taste

Lexjcon
Aks: Hatred and enmity (Urdu); the militant sect
of the Inward VW
Bupati: an Aks who, through

ppeal, leads a band of

(Java

prowess or charism

abalyeru.

Chuang.
grace and became Kuei-jir
of Lao into the Inward W
Demon People.

Danh Ta rs of the Way (V
intellectual sect of the Inward Way.

Inward Way: Also called the Way of the Inward
Focusand the Inward Path, this is the name the Tempest
akuma reserve for themselves.

balyeru: Knight (Kapampangan);an Aksproven

worthy of treatment asa full member of the sect through
prowess in battle.

Nais Khu: Teacher (Hmo:
takes time from his own searc
teach others.

A disciple of Lao-Tzu who fell from
He developed the teaching
y to meet the needs of the

tnamese); the

a Danh Tt who
for the Tau to

Seeker: The name forKuei-jin used among followers
of the Inward Way. Kuei-jin who do not follow the
Inward Way are called blind or lost Seekers.

Tau: Path/the Way (Chinese); ref
that envelops, surrounds and flows through all things,
living and non-living. The Tau regulates natural
processes and nourishes balance in the Universe. It
embodies the harmony of opposites (i.e. there would be

vithout hate, no light without dark, no male
ale). Based on the mortal beli
his student, Chuan;
concept of the Tau to Kuei-jin society

Tempest of the Inward Focus: The Cl
martial art practiced by Seekers of the Inwa
Externally it appears to be combat Tai Chi, but is
powered bya discipline of the same name into something
far more dangerous. The Courts applied the martial art's

§ to a power

ed it against them.

The Sage: see Chuang-Tzu

Wali: Saint (Javanese); a Danh Te of great inner
peace and learning.

Wat: Temple (Cambodian);
usually in isolated mountainous pl
monastery and library.

Janh Tui stronghold,
a combination

it at all? Take each lesson, and learn the arguments for and
against each one. That is the Inward Path.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel

That the followers of the Inward Way disbelieve in the
Yama Kings as greatly as they dismiss the truth of the Great
Wheel and Mandate of Hell damns them in equal measure
as akuma. Yomi seeps into the world like rot overtaking the
aged melon, and anyone who is not against the minions of
the Yama Kings is with them, even if only through ignorance.

Lecture from the Bodhisattva Lai Zhang of the Illuminating
Darkness, recorded 1967

42
BELjers.

The ability to. deceive oneself,.even when:the very
nature of existence is awash with Yin and Yang and cries out
for balance, does not come without labor or purpose. The
Great Principle and other rules espoused by the Mistresses of
the Great Courts are silken ropes of deceit perfumed by the
lotus of avidity. They serve no purpose but to reinforce the
superstitions of our mortal lives and to give credence to the
baseless superiority of those who founded the Courts (and
those who would benefit from it). Each fold of The Great
Principle offers illusions to the ignorant and makes fools feel
important.

The Way of Origin: We are now seekers, torn by Yin
and Yang in an ever-conflicting tempest. Who we were is
unimportant, whether we played the scholar or the cobbler.
What we were, whether Malay, Qin, Hakka, Tamil, or other
is also of no importance. The mortal world and its ties are a
distraction from the search for the Tau. Ignore your past
assumptions; concentrate on the here and now, for this is
how you will find balance and become one with the Tau.

The Way of Lineage: That age brings death is the only
certainty of our mortal lives; now that we are immortal,
what matters lineage? Listen to others, for they may show
you a path yet explored, but you will find the Tau on your
own. Obey none, listen to all and seek alone. Nor do the
words of the sons and daughters of Han and Tang hold any
special wisdom; be wary of them, for they seek to enslave you
for their own ends.

The Way of Integrity: In a world of illusion where one
seeks true experience, it pays to never trust anyone save
other Seekers. Only we can discern truth from lies, and can
be trusted to speak of the reality of a matter. For those not
seeking any advice that would allow them to proceed with
their search, they have woven their existence out of deceit
and childish dreams.

The Way of Obligation: There is no duty but the
search. This world is nothing but a great shadow show of
illusions and lies; to claim obligation to it is to enslave
yourself to whoever deceives you first. Nor can we claim
obligation to the Tau, for one cannot serve what one doesn't
understand. It will always remain beyond comprehension
until we can at last find enlightenment.

The Way of Propriety: Why bind oneself with rituals
and ceremonies? These are blinds that trap the mind within
the Quincunx's illusions. The Tau requires understanding,
not worship. It cares not for bowing and trite words. Seekers
only desire truth, a rough and bold way beyond the pretty
draperies and silks of deception clothing the Courts' slaves
and emperors alike. Speak your mind to other Seekers
without reservation and they will treat you likewise.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

Lies are a complicated matter, for every word is an
excuse justifying intent. The greater the lie, the longer the
explanation. Hence the Fivefold Way, a knot of fables and
untruths. The Tau needs no such duplicity, for it simply is.
It needs no justification.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

In denying the teachings of the Grand Arhat, the akuma
of the Inward Way leave themselves exposed to the minions

Heresies oF Tue Way

of the Yama Kings and disturb the tranquil pursuit of karmic
purpose. Rude, disrespectful, believing in-none of their
experiences... how easy it must be for the Yama Kings to
steal their souls. They do not even sense the loss, going
about their way and believing the chaos and loss they sow
around them is mere illusion.

Lecture from the Bodhisattva Lai Zhang of the Illuminating
Darkness, recorded 1967.

y Focus
part of yourself,
‘th and desires on all poles, that they
may strivé against each other.
Jever stray oe core of yout nature.

to learn from all people.
of the past; apply them to
ae
your rewards and punishments.
"others the virtues of peace a and moderation.
harmony to the spirit worlds through |

__ balancing:the living realms.

Pull all things near and make them part of yourself.
Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

No belief, no thought, and no experience is without
meaning. Like children — for all are children when
contemplating the Tau — we learn through both our
experiences and lessons. Even when you realize a belief is
false, you still learn. Even when an action becomes painful
and destructive, you learn. Take everything you can hold
and let it become part of you, for eventually you will find
understanding... and encompass it all.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

The Tempest akuma have no restrictions. They feed on
tainted Chi and abide the presence of those soiled by
concourse with the Yomi world. Nothing is forbidden to
them, even if they admit they do not understand theit own
actions and its consequences, or cannot give any reason for
said actions. Like undisciplined children, they run amuck,
without a care for the future. They feast from so many
sugared sweets that they are liable to make themselves sick.
Be careful that their spiritual disgorge does not pollute you.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

* * *

Balance your needs and desires on all poles, so that they
strive against each other.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

Our imbalanced natures... Yin and Yang, P'o and Hun...
pull us in all directions like the Monsoon's gales. To avoid
endless fighting, we must find the storm's calm center. Calm
is not only hidden in chastity and meditation, it is also found

nape Twos The Tempest oF THe fuwarn Focus a _

through lust and celebration, peace and violence, the animal
and the rational. Give the body pain; give the body pleasure.
Give the mind peace; give the mind impossible conundrums.
The secret is allowing no specific aspect of oneself to possess
mote importance, for once you unbalance the scales of
desire, need ensures you seek tranquility in the raging river
from the first stone once again.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

In following one's Dharma, to ensure the completion of
Karmic purpose you must, by necessity, starve the hungers
leading into Yomi or avoid whatever places your soul under
the dominion of the P'o. Such control over one's appetites,
however, is unknown to the Tempest akuma. They exist in
aconstant and chaotic cycle of over-indulgence that sends
them careening from one extreme to another. It inflames
their hungers, feeds their desires and sends them stumbling
from their path with the speed and fury of hail. And like hail,
they shatter and melt away, for the very substance of their
being cannot withstand the heat of their uncontrolled vices.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden

Scholar of the Bone Court
* * *

Never stray from the core of your nature.
Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

In every Seeker, even those who have not found the
Inward Way, there is a truth allowing us to reach our state
of eternal balancing. To be untrue to yourself is to bury your
mind in falsehoods. Internalizing reality's lies and illusions
is the ultimate deception, and will forever deny you
enlightenment.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

Revealing the essence of yourself is foolish in the
extreme. As the polite courtier allows no one to know his
intentions, the cultured Kuei-jin allows no one, even his
own wu, to know his.inner nature. The Tempest akuma are
anything but cultured, and in their loutish, barbaric manner
reveal their innermost soul. While our hands more easily
deceive them, it also makes them easier to ensnare by the
Yama Kings. For this reason; never seek to manipulate a
Tempest akuma, for they are like excrement in the street:
you never know to whom they might belong.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

* * *

Realize the potential to learn from all people...
and things.
Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

The tiger is the best of hunters... the dolphin, the best of
swimmers. Why then not observe them? If a mortal woman
knows the Sufi ways, will you not sit at her feet to learn from
her? Ifa shen can teach of the secret paths of the Kush, will you
not follow? The Courts would have you believe all knowledge
comes from the Han and the Tang. The greatest fools are
those who deny the knowledge of their own people to enslave
themselves to the Quincunx's arrogant bigotry.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

a.

Willfully illiterate and ignorant, the Tempest akuma
collect the lies and atavistic beliefs of barbarians like they
were pearls from Heaven. They deny the Great Arhat and
spiritual superiority of the Bodhisattvas and Ancestors of
the Great Courts of China who revealed the very of meaning
of existence to the barbarians around Chung Kuo. Their
stupidity would be amusing, were it not so tempting to the
barbarian Kuei-jin of the south who ignore our strict teachings
and forget to pay us proper respect.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

* * *

Remember the lessons of the past; apply them to
the future.

Excerpt from'Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

Once a path is trodden, venturing there again achieves
nothing. Learn all you can and move on. That learning will
help light: the way. You can-gain nothing from revisiting
matters endlessly; such is the path of self-delusion.
Understanding is less important than remembering. That
which you do not understand will reveal itself when you
eventually achieve enlightenment. In the meantime, the
nature of the lesson can be as important as its meaning.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

These akuma are wanderers, vagabonds, dilettantes and
scholars of little virtue: They flutter about endlessly, like
leaves on the/autumn wind that will rot with the coming
winter of the Sixth Age: They apply themselves to learning
nothing but easy lessons, and ignore meaning that would
require deep thought.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

*

* *

Be consistent in your rewards and punishments.
Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

Atthe heart of balance is the ability to treat every event
as it relates to every other event. All is relative, and
understanding that there are no absolutes is central to
following the Inward Way. Murder or mercy, sustenance or
gluttony, you must judge without prejudice and decide on
facts alone without reference to so-called established
concepts. Good or evil, moral or immoral, they will deceive
you from the reality of the matter in hand.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

When one deals with these akuma, it becomes obvious
that they hold to nothing and cannot be trusted, save to do
what is most convenient at the time. Their laziness and
amoral behavior is such that they will not even expend the
effort to pursue the dictates of the Yama Kings. They show
expediency without purpose and pursue goals without
meaning... they respond more like animals than men.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

*

* *

Heresies or Tae Way

Teach others the virtues of peace and moderation.
Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

The easy path is not the way to the Tau. So it is that we
must work tirelessly to bring all Seekers to the Inward Way.
In their ignorance, every Seeker who does not search for the
Tau denies us a light that may yet illuminate the way.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

More than any other akuma, except those working
openly for the Yama Kings, the Tempest seek to spread their
tendrils into the bosom of the Courts. Be wary, be vigilant,
heed not their honeyed words and peaceful miens. They
intend nothing but negation of the Great Cycle and your
Karmic purpose.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden

Scholar of the Bone Court
* * *

Bring harmony to the spirit worlds through balancing
the living realms.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

Reality consists of all that which is perceived by man,
beast and shen alike. Truly, if you believe yourself a chicken
then only your poor will prevents you from becoming one.
The spirit worlds are illusions brought into existence by the
dreams, nightmares and desires of those lost from their
Inward Way. Such illusions are not without their dangers.
They assume malevolent forms and work to protect
themselves from the revelation of their insubstantial nature.
Never cease to work towards illuminating the minds of the
ignorant, for as they learn, their fears diminish; in turn, the
malice of the spirit worlds diminishes too, in proportion to
its reduced substance.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

"Deny the Mandate of Heaven" these akuma teach
mortals. "Deny the Mandate of Hell" they teach Kuei-jin.
Ignore proper services to the spirits of dead and nature.
These fools stir the hornet nest in their ignorance, ¢reating
angry storms of spurned spirits or leaving entire regions
empty of Heavenly guardians, messengers, and scholars.

Excerpt from "Lies and Heresies" by Ning Jing, Hidden
Scholar of the Bone Court

A Drarma Djvjpep

The Tau cannot be found while cowering in hills and
skulking about like thieves in the night. We must follow the
path, drink in every experience and indulge in every
opportunity to correct the misguided who do not seek the
Inward Way. If this means fighting, so be it! The Sage did
not teach us the martial forms and mantras of the Tempest
without reason. He knew we would have to fight. In violent
struggle, we find the most enlightening experiences and free
ourselves from restrictions. The Courts are our enemies for
they seek to hinder our search for new experiences; never
stop fighting their ignorance and enmity.

Initiates' exhortation from Feng Kaiying, Aks Bupati

ee S.-i

Caapter Two? The Tempest oF THE fuWaRD Focus

Experience must be treated like water froma well. If one
falls into the well, he will likely drown. Conversely, taking
water from the bucket gives life without risking it. So, we use
the power of the Wats, the strength of the Tempest of the
Inward Focus and our hidden rites of guile and deception to
pursue our search without risking destruction or the
distraction of bloodshed. Of course, we hazard such fates to
teach and spread the word, but that isa careful venture, not
awild gambit. We gather our secretly collected experiences,
building the Wats' libraries into citadels against ignorance
and preserving the knowledge of those who undertook the
experiences.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel,
Dank Te Wali

When dealing with Tempest of the Inward Focus akuma,
itis important one realizes that these rebels stand divided.
Those we know as the Aks are a potent and dangerous foe,
emerging from the night and the jungle-clad hills to fight
fist and heel against the Court's valiant champions. They
are violent, predatory, and unmoved by mercy... you must
bewary of them, for they believe it their holy duty to slay any
Kuei-jin who follows the Great Principle.

Just as deadly, or perhaps more so, are the Danh Ti who
sneak into the Courts. Seemingly gentle and non-violent,
they are revolutionaries of the most insidious kind. Their
words seduce even the most loyal comrade, and their
scurrilous and Yomi-inspired texts can deceive the most
vigilant mandarin into wrongful action.

Briefing by Ly Khac-Kham First Secretary of the Bureau of
Court Security, the Hong Quan Court of Hanoi

jnpocTRINATING RECRUITS

When we emerge from unbalanced death, the shock of
our return reduces/us to a bestial state where we exist like
animals. The Quincunx's lackeys call this phase chih-mei.
We can rescue some of these creatures from their savagery
through martial training and stern discipline. Those who
you cannot help still make fine hunting dogs, though you
must always treat them carefully... they'll happily bite the
hand that feeds them.

Since recruiting chih-mei is such a haphazard task, the
best option is to kidnap hin or jina from the Courts and break
them from their conditioning. This process is uncertain, and
many recruits die before we can unshackle them from the
Quincunx's collars. Often the best option is to watch for
those Kuei-jin already disgraced by the Courts or disillusioned
with them. Those the Courts label akuma are especially good
finds, since they're desperate for any help and their exile
often opens their eyes to the Quincunx's fallacies.

Excerpt from "Manual for Resistance" by Wilhelm Tjilatjap,
Aks Kabalyeru

While we strive to help all Seekers, we do not actively
seek recruits. The decision to follow the Inward Way must
be voluntary or it is of little consequence. Freedom from
illusion comes from within, and while our words and teachings
might help initiate the search for truth, only the individual
can finish it. Thus, we do not help those who have not yet
recovered from their animal state. They must advance of
their own will before the Way is open to them. Finally you
must be careful, for some who come to us claiming to have
become true Seekers are charlatans lost to the illusions of
the Spirit Worlds.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandl
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

Tue Lessons Learnep

You have but started on the long path of the Inward
Way. Your knowledge of the Tempest is a bud that will grow
into a lotus of strength. Like the lotus, growth must come
from within. We will not coddle you. We will not fill your
heads with empty rhetoric and foolish rituals. Advancement
canvonly come through experiencing the world, watching
those more exalted along the path in combat and emulating
their techniques. Only then will you grow in your
understanding and place amongst us.

With every passing hour, you should also seek new
experiences. Try fruits you have never eaten, test your
courage against new terrors and feel pain and pleasure in
ways you never imagined. Nor should you neglect your
mind, for the Tau is not just about what we feel, but what we
think. Study any text you find, be it a children's fable or
manual fora rocket launcher. Torture your prisoners carefully
and absorb every word they say, for in their screams may lie
the clue to bring you to the next step of awareness... and
bring true pain to our enemies.

Initiates' exhortation from Feng Kaiying, Aks Bupati

by Ghumava Garaja,

Asa chick must learn.to fly before leaving the nest, so
must you bide your time in the Wat until you have mastered
the Tempest's basic martial forms and mantras. Without
this learning, your path along the Inward Way will be a
deadly one. There is nothing to learn from a quick trip to
oblivion. You'll know when you are ready to leave the Wat,
and you'll be free to go. Yet you must return, if not here,
then to another Wat to ponder what you've learned and
record it for others to experience. Also, you may find
yourself teaching others just as I guide you now. Perhaps
youwill become Nais Khu or Wali, teaching even me, for we
have no rank among us.

We are all Seekers. If 1 knew more than you, I would be
enlightened and not sitting here in the Living World still
searching for the formless and eternal truths. It is our nature
to offer titles to indicate those better balanced than others,
but that is a sign of stagnation rather than progress, for who
says the Tau grows upward as the tree branches? Does the
tree not have roots as well? Sometimes, we also name
teachers for their particular gifts. Never believe such titles
are any more than hollow words used solely to drape illusion
with substance.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel,
Danh Ti Wali

* * *

The Quincunx's ignorant and fascist minions beset us
on all sides. The mandarins and ancestors do not want us
becoming one with the Tau, for in doing so, we reveal their
lies to all and show them for the racist imperialists that they
are. Our heroic resistance against the Courts, therefore; isa
fight that can have no limitations. We must allow nothing
and no one to stand in the way of our enlightenment. Any
tool that helps in the struggle is acceptable; the better if the
Courts either fear those tools or will not use them.

Among our prime targets for exploitation is the foolish
mysticism perpetuated by the Courtsas their main ideological
weapon. By using the Spirit World's worst illusions, you can
strike terror into the hearts of the most powerful mandarin,
and deny them use of so-called tainted Chi nests.

46

Independent Seekers outside the Courts and not
following the Inward Way make useful cannon fodder.
Especially amusing»are those who have-completely
surrendered their minds to the illusions of the Spirit Worlds
and so-called Yama Kings. Use their madness, their belief in
this Yomi, for any tool that brings us closer to final victory
over the Courts must be exploited.

Excerpt from "Manual for Resistance" by Wilhelm Tjilatjap,
Aks Kabalyeru

Think one thought that would have shocked you most
as a mortal. Then multiply it a thousand fold. This is an
experience worth having, for the more startling and
confounding the endeavor, the more there is to learn
something of the Tau that you had not previously known.

In our state of eternal balancing, we know there is no
evil and no good. Yin and Yang, P'o and Hun are beyond
such absolutes. I have seen Kin-jin and Gaki fight by
moonlight on Singapore's docks. I've seen lunatics, haunted
by the demonic illusions they wove about themselves, eat
babies from the mother's exposed womb. Once I watched a
single larvae grow into a caterpillar, then a butterfly. | threw
myself into the headwaters of the Ganges and floated on
night currents to the refuse laden wharves of Kolkatta. Every
experience has its value... and we have the time to experience
them all.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

To Know Your Enemjes

When dealing with the cowardly fools called the Danh.
Tui, there are several strategies that will reap you their
destruction. They are hard to uproot in general, but you can
always count on them to defend their Wats. While these are
places of power, they are also anchors, which is why we do
not bother with such foolishness. You can also rely on a
Danh Ti to talk to you before fighting. If you deceive them
correctly, you should be able to approach close enough to
land the killing blow before they can defend themselves.

The Danh Té always travel alone. If you pierce their
cunning disguises ot follow their shadowed footsteps, you
can always overwhelm them with numbers. Be warned: they
are rarely so distracted that they lose track of their
surroundings. you can, however, lure them into an ambush
or flush them out from hiding if you can create something
beyond their own frame of experience. I have often found
that foreign men and women (especially Americans and
Europeans) appeal to the Danh Tus curiosities for the
exotic. If you can guide a group of such mortals into an area,
the Danh Td will eventually find them and follow their
actions. Still, this isn't easy, especially since these cowards
work diligently to avoid the Quincunx's lackeys. Indeed,
they hide themselves so deep underground that they often
miss the most obvious treats.

Excerpt from "Manual for Resistance" by Wilhelm Tjilatjap,
Aks Kabalyeru

The Aks are a constant threat; they desire our wisdom
and envy our mastery over the Tempest. Yet, like the dogs
they are, once outside their packs, you can easily cajole and
fool them. They lack courage when alone, and even as a
team, they do not possess the will to fight together. Each

Herests oF Tue Way

Aks tries to be the one who brought you down, thus gaining
the illusory regard of his peers. Challenging them to single
duels canbe successful. if you have a moment to speak
before their onslaught.

They also seek experience without knowledge, so
distracting them with some baseless fact often works. Throw
them a bone, even the paltriest snippet of information will
do. Best to keep it simple and preferably violent, though, for
they have limited attention. That also makes it hard for
them to track a victim they lost. Once an endeavor becomes
too hard, they will sulk off in search of easier victims, or fall
intoa berserk, impetuous state of frenetic violence at having
lost. They also bear the Courts a huge enmity and will, by
preference, attack their minions over us.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel,
Danh Tt Wali

* * *

Shadows hide the truth, and hiding in it prevent us
from following the path. That said, being torn limb from
limb by the Quincunx's dogs doesn't help you follow the
path, either. Until we can relegate the Courts to oblivion,
it is of the utmost importance you do not reveal yourselves
unless victory is certain. Sometimes hiding in plain sight is
enough, though trying to act like a cowardly heimen can
make self-control difficult since you must kowtow to every
Court lackey.

Most of the time, you must stay completely out of
sight. Move in on a nice family with a good home, use
them, dispose of them and move on. Never stay a week in
one place. When collecting experiences, be careful not to
alert the Courts' minions, for they are many. Keep your
revelries hidden by using the mortal red-light districts
where there is so much lust and misery already, a little more
will unlikely show. Best to stay in the countryside if
possible, since modern travel is quick. Best to utilize it and
make use of our superior knowledge of the jungle and hills
to hide from the Courts.

Initiates exhortation from Feng Kaiying, Aks Bupati

When one is obsessed by illusions, it becomes hard to
tell one thing from the other. Never try to hide from the
Courts, for they are experts at searching the shadows they
have built around themselves. Learn their ways, speak with
their foolish tongue and pretend to be as blind as they. If
you mouth the right words, you can wander through their
territories as safely as if you were in a Wat. It also affords
you an excellent opportunity to help enlighten these lost
Seekers of the Way, but remember, we are at our most
vulnerable when seeking new experiences. Lost in the
wonders of the Tau's new vistas, it becomes easier for our
opponents to surprise us and reveal our true nature. Make
use of mortals to protect you; manipulating their feeble
desires is easy, and while they possess few great capabilities,
they are an endless resource.

Only in the Wats can we relax, for our Harmonious
Shielding of the Guarded Home protects us from hostile
intent. While entering and leaving the Wats, however, we
must exercise caution, for the Courts, shen and Aks all desire
our power. To us, it is merely useful in providing a source of
Chi while we study and learn; more valuable are the collected
records in the libraries of our sanctuaries. Their loss to the

Gurren Twor ‘The Tempest oF THe juWaRD Focus a ;
Broachjng THe Wor

ignorant and unappreciative would be disastrous; we must
undertake every subterfuge to protect them.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

Courting Yous

The Seekers that the Courts have deceived into
worshiping their own shadows and worldly illusions quake at
thechildren's tales they use to populate the nights. Whatever
Spirit World beast they claim stalks them is their own
cteation. Nothing but their acceptance of the Inward Way
andrealization of the Tau can save them from these fabricated
demons, for these demons are inside their own minds.

Excerpt from "Way of the Inward Focus" by Chuang-Tzu

The Tempest akuma must truly amuse the Yama Kings.
The Aks clamor like wild dogs gathered round a dying calf,
screaming into the night, spilling blood and spreading terror
forno reason other than their own unthinking desires. The
Danh Ta are perhaps worse, for in their self-righteous
arrogance, they not only deny the Great Principle, but also
argue against the entire structure of Heaven. They spread
heresies of the most malignant sort, indulging their P'os
with excesses beyond imagining, all the while pouting scorn
on the very concept of the Yama Kings.

The Wheel is turning and soon the Sixth Age will be
upon us. The icy wind of its approach already rattles the
shutters of the Courts. When it arrives, the Aks will be its
cruel harbingers while the Demon Emperor stokes their
desire for blood. They will rise up in new fury and fall upon
the unwary. The Danh Tt will play a subtler role, for in
denying the Demon Emperor, all theiracumen and persuasion
will delay many from reacting before it is too late.

Lecture from the Bodhisattva Lai Zhang of the Illuminating
Darkness, recorded 1967

It is an unfortunate necessity of our search that we
actually help bind our fellow Seekers who we have not yet
freed from their illusions. As a moral boundary, the Courts
have created the [llusion of Yomi, which we know is naught
but the state of imbalanced death facing all those who do not
find the Tau. The Mistresses of the Courts, however, have
populated their illusions with demons spun out of nightmares,
creating a source for the imbalanced suffering terrorizing
their subjects. This fear and certainty is so real that some of
these creatures can even take physical form. More often,
however, the imbalance drives these Seekers mad, and they
come to believe they are the servants of their own delusions.

By pushing the boundaries of reality, we cause ripples in
the illusions of the Living World and the Spirit Realms. The
Quincunx condemns these ripples as immoral, and decries
them for serving the lordly illusions governing Yomi, the so-
called Yama Kings. These mighty illusions have actually
taken form, but in the minds of the lost and deluded, our
actions supposedly lend power to these fabrications. While
we cannot turn from the Way to save these poor fools from
themselves, it does pay to kill any illusions that have taken
root in reality... if it doesn't disturb your tranquility of
purpose. We cannot solve the problem, but at least, we can
stem its effects.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewel,
Danh Tt Wali

a7

Asrich in mortals as China and even more dynamic, the
lands of the Indian Subcontinent hold an untold wealth of
experiences for followers of the Inward Way. Not only do
the tumultuous and energetic mortals of this land of
mountains, jungles and gleaming deserts serve up delectable
insights and harsh flagellations, but the mysticism of their
varied faiths also offers a multitude of potential paths. The
many Hindu Gods, with their eclectic mix of asceticism and
opulence, are matched by the hidden mysteries and iron
beliefs of the Muslims. Then there are the dozens of small
sects, each exploring, in its narrow mortal way, one aspect of
the Tau. The Jains, Sikhs, exiled Tibetan Buddhists and
many hidden cults proliferating the subcontinent like lice
on a beggar are all available to the discerning Seeker.

They are open; forhere, we are safest from the Quincunx's
machinations. Tibet's forbidden bordersprevent direct access
by the Han and Tang, while these mortals' rich heritage has
given more to China than it has taken. This makes the local
Kuei-jin far less enslaved to narrow cultural elitism, and
subsequently, far less interested in troubling us in our pursuit
of the Tau.

Excerpt from "Vichara Sambandhi" by Ghumava Garaja,
Nais Khu of Still Waters Wat

Many of my companions chafe under the official
interpretations of the Great Principle. They feel the Fivefold
Way is too deliberately slanted in favor of the Five August
Courts. That the Great Arhat traveled to China from India,
as did many great thinkers and holy men, is well known, but
certain arrogant and narrow-minded Kuei-jin deny this fact.
Asa result, we have many problems with the Tempest of the
Inward Focus who pay homage to the great spiritual legacy
of India. They don't stand aloof or disdain the culture or its
faiths. In fact, they're so intricately involved with all its
different cults, it's hard to believe that individual akuma
share any common ground at all.

Admittedly, we teach the Great Principle to hin in a
method foreign to them and their mortal beliefs. Our way is
not for the weak. The Tempest offers a seductive alternative,
however; the hin don't have to respect the "arrogant, petty
lords of the Quincunx." Unfortunately, hunting these local
akuma is more difficult than in China. India lacks the mortal
institutions to oppress and monitor people, and the Indian
people are not given to mindless obedience to authority.

Conversation with Nirudhapasubandha, Kshatriya of the
Sphatika Padma Court of Jabalpur

* *

*

Here more than anywhere else, we have suffered
persecution by the men of Han and Tang. Perhaps they
were more successful in China, but here, the lands of the
South are our oldest homes. It was here the Sage came to
escape persecution in China; here, that the first of the
Great Courts fell; here, that the Way of the Inward Focus
established deep roots in the syncretic beliefs of the fierce
hill and island people. Our oldest Wats and most determined
Walis and Nais Khu can be found in the terraced hills and
jungle-filled valleys.

It is not so much from the Golden Courts where our
dangers have come, but rather, from Quincunx assassins,
Gaki hunting parties and Aks war bands. The latter

48

proliferate in the slums and rebellion-ridden hills. Our
most exposed Wats have long fallen to them and been left
in ruins. Thankfully, as the illusions of doom grow stronger
and more deluded souls join the Aks, they also become a
greater danger to the Courts. Indeed the Aks have become
so grave a threat, spreading violence and terror as a farmer
spreads seed, even the Golden Courts have noticed and
now act against them.

Lesson from Dewatacengkar, Prophet of the First Jewell,
Danh Tt Wali

The most unfortunate collapse of the Scarlet Phoenix
Court into rebellion and negligence allowed the Tempest
akuma to secure a stronghold in the remote and inaccessible
portions of South East Asia. Social disruption, weak morality,
poor planning and the arrival of Kin-jin and the Gaki
allowed them not only to survive, but to also multiply.
While the Gaki thinned out the Aks, the chaos they and
their mortal Japanese allies left behind allowed these counter-
revolutionary bastards to regain their strength before the
Courts could suppress them.

The Danh Tu are not missing either. They maintain
ancient and powerful Wats in many places, though we have
managed to expel them from Cambodia and Vietnam.
Unfortunately, they remain numerous in the back hills of
Thailand and Burma and are pushing hard to return to their
former strongholds in Cambodia. They are equally strong in
the islands, especially in the primitive areas of Mindanao,
Borneo and Sumatra. Also, with so many small and near
unexplored islands, they could be hiding anything out there,
beyond the knowledge of the Golden Courts or our ability to
do anything about it, even if we knew where to look.

Briefing by Ly Khac-Kham First Secretary of the Bureau of
Court Security, the Héng Quan Court of Hanoi

Wuere THE Mjppie Kincpom Lays

Home to the Sage himself (and how many other
uncounted Seekers), eastern China is denied us except in
stealth and hiding. Even the cowardly Danh Td find few
places to slither and, unless they hid their Wats in the
plateaus of Tibet, we can find none of their temples north of
the Red River or east of the Koko Nor. Why then, do we risk
oblivion to return here time and time again? Because only in
the teaming cities of the East can we find the most sublime
pleasures and foulest torments. There is nowhere else that
can offer a Seeker such bounty. Even India lacks the depth
and history of experience that enthralls us to China.

You can always expect a good fight as well, and anyone
surviving a raid into China, let alone Nippon or Korea, is an
Aks worthy of emulation. They proved they will risk
everything to pursue the Path. Even the Danh Td feel the
immensity of the Chi energy and history in the so-called
Middle Kingdom. It attracts them like flies, despite the
Courts' adept swatting. We rarely hunt these cowards here;
it's too dangerous and achieves little but the destruction of
the hunting party.

Initiates' exhortation from Feng Kaiying, Aks Bupati

Most Honored,

L apologize for this overly brief and direct message, but
I fear someone has discovered my role in providing our
beloved ancestor with the knowledge she requires. As you
suspected, Tempest akuma are flooding through Hong

Heresies o Tu Way.

Kong and Shanghai like garbage through a sewer in the
Monsoon. It's apparent they have a powerful Wat in Taiwan
and possibly another on Okinawa. The arrogant Gaki do
not even suspect that Tempest akuma walk their lands...
the more fool they. Here, in Chung Kuo, these vultures are
following the growing turmoil. of this Western economic
invasion, using the opening markets to hide from our
watchful gaze.

The violence perpetuated by the Aks is not as worrisome
as the secretive and watchful Danh Ti. Wherever these
snakes tread, outbreaks of Yomi-inspired lunacy and craven
displays of moral and physical cowardice abound. Even
while rifling the shrines and temples of China and Japan,
these leeches also steal the hope and determination of the
Kuei-jin. I'm uncertain what they hope to gain, but then, I
never understood the twisted schemes of the Yama Kings.

Report from Liu Konghui, Dhampyr Heimin Messenger, to
Blood Court Mandarin Zhang Yang, Lady of Delicate Nuances
and Hidden Meanings

OTHER HERESjES

No, no, bro. The other heresies got it wrong too. They
all wrapped up in the great illusions, falling to one of its
tricks or another. Now you take the Rising Phoenixes, right
bro? They looking to reunite with their loved ones and
everything be happy like some Taiwan soap opera, but the
storm already raging inside them. They stick around to one
place, one mind-set too long, letting the illusion drown
them, and that storm gonna break out, bro. It gonna break
out and scatter their illusion like rice in storm winds. They
at the opposite end of the spectrum from the Scorpion Eaters
who got it no better, bro. They letting themselves get
shackled in the illusion too, with their toys and games. Just
watch, when we break their illusions, they ain't gonna have
nothing left to play with. That when they really become
dangerous, bro.

Nah, the Face of the Gods too busy chasing a lie to ever
find the truth. This is how it is, they say. They searching for
Heaven up there instead of looking for Heaven... and Hell
in here. That'sall you need, bro. You find everything in here
once you stop looking... everything in here. Now, the Spirit
of the Living Earth ain't too bad, if you teach them how to
cut loose. They too wrapped up in ritual... in "appeasing"
the spirits. Too bad... they might have a chance if they
didn't focus on one spot too much. But they do; bro, they do.
That mean for now, we alone here. Just rocks in a sea of
make-believe, bro. Believe that.

Recorded excerpt from conversation with Big Daddy Wa

SYSTEMS

The Seekers of the Inward Way may play several roles
in a Kindred of the East story. They can be the wandering
teachers leading Kuei-jin to question the society in which
they exist, or barbarian-like Aks seeking to tear down
civilization out of a strong conviction in their own actions.
With the growing darkness gripping the world, Tempests are
very useful in demonstrating how easily good can become
evil. Although players may dismiss most akuma as baby
eating monsters, the Seekers are not so easily categorized.
They follow a strict code that, while alien to the Courts, is
not inherently evil or without merit. Yet as a result of
denying the Courts' cosmology, they often act as unknowing


| Carrer Two: The Teopest or THE juwaro Fo

| agents of the Yama Kings. The Seekers perhaps represent
one of the worst facets of what will come with the Sixth
Age... evil perpetuated by those who are well intentioned.

| DjscjPLjnes

Seekers of the Inward Way can practice any Discipline
available to Kuei-jin, though few Danh Ti are interested in
much other than those pivotal to the Inward Way itself. Aks

"tend to concentrate on the Tempest of the Inward Focus
martial form than the more philosophical Inward Way.

| They also spenda concerted effort on other combat-oriented

Disciplines like Blood Shintai and the Demon Arts.

| Generally, however, a Storyteller should feel no qualms
about giving Seekers whatever Disciplines suit the story's
needs or character concept.

One important point concerning Disciplines associated
with the Inward Way is the importance of Dharma levels.
The character's Dharma level limits the Tempest of Inward
Focus' and Inward Way's potential, which is a significant
restriction on their effectiveness. Dots in either Discipline
may not exceed the character's Dharma level. This is
deliberate, even thought is prohibitive. The Inward Way is
highly internalized, with Seekers actively disbelieving in
the spiritual structure most Kuei-jin rely on to mold their
world-view. Thus, Seekers draw their power from within
themselves, and their Disciplines reflect this. Only as they
become more centered on the Tau does their ability to
manipulate their internal Chi resources rise. While a
Storytellercan change the Dharma level restrictions if they
wish, the Disciplines below are powerfuland, if not limited
by Dharma levels, can quickly unbalance a game.

jnwarp Way

To become one with the Tau, the Seekers believe you
must become completely at one with yourself. In line with
this belief, the Discipline of the Inward Way is all about
controlling the four imbalanced Virtues at the heart of the
constantly whirling tempest within. A true master of the
Inward Way manipulates her Yin and Yang Chi as well as her
Hun and P'o with equal facility, and is always in complete
control of her internal balance. Because itis so introspective,
the Inward Way does not enjoy widespread popularity with
the Aks, but those who realize its potential outside the
tarefied and intellectual pursuits of the Wats can be a
terrifying opponent.

¢ juner Barance

This power is exactly the same as the Master Flow
power of the Equilibrium Discipline (see Kindred of the
East, p. 102).

ee Rest UPON THE BLapE

Upon achieving some modicum of inner balance and
calm, Seekers of the Inward Way can rest their spirits from
the struggle. They suppress their need for Chi for a number
of days equal to their Willpower by placing themselves in a
deeply meditative state. This power can also be used for
incteasing their Willpower for resisting mental control,
terror, or the lure of imbalance. Many Wali, for example, use
this power to meditate for an extended period over several
days and nights, while some Kabalyeru find it useful to
suppress their natural fear of fire to wield such weapons as a
flame thrower.

4

49

System: The character can initiate this power by
spending a minimum of ten minutes in a preparatory trance.
They may then enter a meditative state, not having to spend
any Chi but unable to do anything requiring physical activity,
even if it is only lifting a finger. They may remain in this
state for a full 24 hours for each of their Dharma's levels. If
they do so in open places, where the sun can reach them,
however, they will have to break the meditation to escape
destruction.

Ifusing this power to increase Willpower, the Kuei-jin
must spend. Yang Chi at a rate of one point per ten minutes
if there is novactive mental coercion or terror against the
character, or one Yang Chi point per turn when actively
resisting such effects. Players add their Dharma level to their
Willpower for the period during which they continue
spending Chis Because Tempest Seekers are usually at the
second level of their Dharma's path, that means adding a
minimum of two dice to Willpower rolls.

eee Scates or NEED

This skill is exactly the same as the Shift the Balance
power of the Equilibrium Discipline (see Kindred of the
East, p. 102).

ecee Feep THE Sour

Through either careful meditation and stringent physical
pranas or wild debauchery and bloody violence, a Kuei-jin
can attempt to rebalance her Hun and P'o. The reasons for
doing so are many. Some Seekers of the Inward Way wish to
spend time as animals, emulating the words of the Sage
when he urged them to learn from every creature, rational or
not. Others want to raise the Hun, devoting their minds to
pure thought in the hopes of eking out more secrets on the
Tau's nature from their cognitive senses. Some Aks who
reach this level of understanding in the Inward Way also use
this power to turn themselves into killing machines of
terrifying ferocity, though such usage is why few Danh Té
teach this skill outside their own sect.

System: These pranas take several hours to complete
(equal to the number of Virtue points being converted)
and must be done in isolation, free of interruption. The
player dictates how many Hun or P'o points she wishes to
convert to its opposite number, then makes a Willpower
roll (the difficulty is her present score in the Virtue receiving
the points). Thus, if converting P'o to Hun, the difficulty
is the Hun score before this power's use. For every success,
the player transfers one Virtue point while spending one
Chi point of any type. The one caveat here is that once
influenced by her P'o, a Seeker is just as likely as other
Kuei-jin to remain under its malevolent sway permanently,
and be unwilling to change back. It is for this reason that
many Danh Td only use this skill when aided and assisted
by fellow Seekers.

eccee FLOWING WiTH THE Tau

By this level, the Seeker's control over her Chi is so
complete that she can dispense with her mortal form and
exist purely as a force of Chi for a number of days equal to her
Dharma rating. In this state, she can travel the Dragon Lines
with ease or pass through physical barriers. She is, however,
without her mortal senses and can see the world around her
only in terms of its Chi energy. It is therefore very hard to
navigate outside of strong Chi highways like the Dragon
Lines or areas with which the Kuei-jin is intimately familiar.

Heresies oF Te Way
>

Many Kuei-jin use it as the ultimate wandering: state,
however, drifting wherever fate takes them and drinking in.
the Tau's wonders in its purest form.

System: The character must spend three turns
concentrating on the change, then spend two Yin Chi and
two Yang Chi to reflect balance. Once done, the character's
material form dissolves and she becomes disembodied Chi
energy for the duration of a scene. The character now
perceives the world in Chi patterns and waves of flow and
flux. Everything manifests as part of the Tau, a rhythmic
movement of breath made manifest. The effect is similar to
the Chi Sight power of the Chi'iu Muh Discipline (see
Kindred of the East, p. 122), only without the mortal sight
playinga factor. That means the character cannot distinguish
colors, or even the specific shapes of objects... only the way
they interact with the Tau. As a sort of Chi-consciousness,
the character may also travel along Dragon Lines the same
as the Ride the Dragon power of the Tapestry Discipline (see
Kindred of the East, p. 104).

It is important to note that the character is not a spirit
in this form, and thus, cannot be affected by powers like
Spirit Call (see Kindred of the East, pp. 103-104). They
cannot harm or be harmed by anyone who cannot discern
the natural movements of Chi energy, though once that
occurs, the character becomes vulnerable to Chi-
manipulation powers that would normally affect opponents,
such as Chi Interrupt and Chi Mastery in the Equilibrium
Discipline (see Kindred of the East, p. 102). Disciplines
simply exploiting ambient Chi or Dragon Lines will not
affect the directed consciousness of the character.

The character cannot venture to the Spirit Worlds, and
any action that would lead her through the Wall causes her
to rematerialize abruptly. Any area of tainted Chi also
requires a shadow soul roll, since the character's balanced
state reacts to the area's toxic and corruptive energies.

‘TEMPEST OF THE JNWARD Focus

Designed by the Sage as a movement-based meditation,
the Tempest is more than a Kuei-jin martial art. It was
meant to serve as an external component to the internal
Inward Way, and the Danh Td believe that to be truly
proficient in either, you must master both. The Tempest is
also limited in that its powers can only be applied to Martial
Arts maneuvers; it is, after all, a meditative-combat
discipline.

© Swirnung Winns Ste

This power is exactly :H@leamevaeethe" Principle of
Motion, Yang Prana (see Kindred of the East, p. 105), but
canonly be used in conjunction with Martial Arts maneuvers

ee MeEDjTaTjoN oF METAL

By contemplating the metallic cool of Yin, the Kuei-jin
imbues her skin with many of metal's qualities.
Unfortunately, metal lacks flexibility and suppleness, and
use of this power leaves the Kuei-jin a veritable statue. A few
of the Inward Way's followers, however, believe this power's
use somewhat cowardly and too inhibiting for such a freeform
Dharma. They only use it in battle against those wielding
weapons ot firearms.

System: For every three points of Yin Chi the character
spends, she gains one point of armor for the rest of the
scene. For every point of armor after the first, the character

Capren Two: Tie Tevepest oF THE fuwaro Focus

also loses one die from any Dexterity related Dice Pools.
While this armor's effect is cumulative with more mundane
protection, no true Tempest would dishonor themselves in
this manner.

cee Kara or Mounting Fury

This skill is exactly the sameas the Dragon Dance, Yang
Prana (see Kindred of the East, p. 105), but can only be used
in conjunction with Martial Arts maneuvers.

cece Figuing Croup Srvie

The Kuei-jin finds that still point in the tempest of her
soul, where Yin and Yang cease to be in opposition and form
a mote of harmony. By concentrating on that point, the
Kuei-jin may remove the physical impediment of the Living
Realms: Opponents facing masters of this style find
themselves under attack from seemingly lightning strikes,
and when they attack, they discover their opponents drifting
away from their blows. This is purely a combat power,
however, and cannotbe utilized except for combat maneuvers
(since it is learned through martial meditation).

System: By spending two points of Yin Chi and two
points of Yang Chi when entering combat, the character can
tun up walls and leap triple her normal allowance as though
floating through the air for the rest of the scene. By using her
new buoyancy, the character can make multiple kicking
attacks, up to half her Dexterity at no reduction to her Dice
Pool. Kicks and strikes aimed at the character, however,
only inflict a third of their potential damage dice.

eee ee FLLUSJON SHATTERING STRIKE

Just as the Dharma denies the illusions of the Spirit
Worlds, so too have the Tempest's masters developed a
technique for destroying the physical form of their illusory
opposition. By focusing the power of the Tau, the character's
every hit against the demon, spirit or wraith "breaks off"

part of their illusionary form, driving them back into
nothingness. Unfortunately, the strike only shatters instead
of destroying the chimera, allowing the creature to reform
in the Spirit World and return to the Living World if they
are capable of doing so.

System: The player announces her character's desire to
use this strike before resolving her attack, and spends up to
the character's Dharma level in Chi points to prepare the
strike. The target must be a creature of the Spirit World, one
of the Ten Thousand Spirits, and not tied to the Living
Realm. This includes ghosts, demons and spirit entities but
not those powerful enough to be classified as gods.

If the strike. is successful, the character does not roll
normal damage. Instead, for every Chi point spent, the
target loses one Willpower point. When a spirit's Willpower
reaches zero, its form in the Living Realms is shattered and
it must return to the Spirit Worlds, even if it doesn't possess
the Re-form Charm. Spirits dispensed in this manner will
remember the character, forthis power is extremely painful
to them. They will become the responsible Kuei-jin's
implacable enemy.

Rites

Seekers of the Inward' Way are not particularly
interested in rites, their goal being internal control rather
than external manipulation of a world they believe riddled
with illusions. That said, the Danh Tu's intellectual
curiosity justifies their passing interest in a wide range of
Kuei-jin rites. They are unlikely to ever know those rituals
dealing with Kuei-jin social matters, however, like Way of
the Lonewalker, or those touching upon the Spirit World,
like the Rite of Supplication. Considering Seekers believe
Kuei-jin society adrift and bereft of merit, they have no
interest or need to learn its rites or those dealing with the
"illusory" Spirit World.


52 Hienisjes oF Tue, Way

Axs Kasayerv welcomed you into the Aks as a Kabalyeru. Now you have the
freedom you always secretly craved, and the path to

enlightenment is your own:to follow.
Concept: You are an explorer, seeking truth and thrills in
\ equal measure. Everything you denied yourself in life is now
yours to experience; wild passions fill your dead heart and
drive you to great extremes in search of the Living Realm's
outermost borders. Like any good pioneer; you willingly face
danger and stave off the beasts that would deny you your
prize.

Quote: I bowed to your sort for too long. Now, you're
going to pay.
Prelude: Youhadmuch in life. High marks -<~
at school, straight through university, a good @
job with a multinational corporation, and a
happy family ina new middle-class suburb far
from the squalor of the masses. You were
successful but a non-entity, and nothing ever
stirred your passions. You were just another
faceless cog in an inhuman corporate machine.
Stress, a poor diet, and little exercise led to a
massive stroke before you hit fifty. One hell was
merely replaced by another and the screaming
in your soul, unheard for decades, rang free. In
your narrow beliefs, you could notunderstand
or comprehend where you were or what
happening. All you remembered was the
pain... the searing, twisting, bestial pain.
Mindless and screaming, you clawed your
way out from Yomi, never appreciating
exactly where you'd been or why you were
there. All you knew was that you'd never be
someone's "yes man" again. Youwanted
purpose... and an explanation.
The Courts were a rude
awakening; you never liked the
primitive nonsense your
uneducated countrymen
practiced. Worse still was finding
that even in immortality, people
expected you to bow and scrape to
arrogant foreigners... foreigners who
made no attempt to hide their contempt
for your culture. Instead, they blathered
endlessly about the Great Principle, which
you quickly recognized was a cunning control
mechanism. There had to be an explanation
for what you were and the pain you'd suffered,
asensible one notrooted in Chinese children's
stories. Eventually, your distaste for the
foreigners overwhelmed your sensibilities and
you told a mandarin what you really thought.
Such impertinence was compounded by your
open contempt of the Great Principle, which
was enough to send the Court's enforcers after
your head. Running into the night, your desperate
pleas were answered when an Aks war ea
ambushed the assassins and led you into the hills.

The Inward Way madea lotofsense; you could ||

Roleplaying Hints: Be friendly to your
peers, but dismissive of those either too blind
to the Quincuny's illusions or those who
believe in "primitive and ancient
mysticism." Behind the positive, driven

facade you show to the world, doubts
remain from that grey little man you
used to be. What if the Courts are
right? Rather than compromise your
new passion, these doubts arouse your
burning anger and you respond with
ever mounting violence against the
Court's minions. The sense of power
brought on by your confrontational
manner is reinforcing your spirit, but
negatively. The other paths to the
\ Tau are slowly falling toa haze of
ego-driven machismo; soon
}\ fighting won't be something...
(i it'll be everything.
y Equipment: Casual suit,
canvas sports bag, a number of
fake credit cards (and appropriate ID
for each) and the biggest pistol you
could find.

through you. No one would order you around; you
finally possessed a goal born of your own ambitions.
The fierce martial violence of the Tempest of the
Inward Focus ensured nothing would stand between
you and the Tau. Still, initiation was difficult, for
the Court's secret police and killers were
everywhere, but you were strong and exposed
yourself to every experience you could squeeze into
the nights. Every evening, you visited flesh pits
and monasteries, orphanages and quiet
gardens. You even fought a Court minion
whostood in your way. Your fellow Seekers
took note of your passion and drive and


WAM: Aks Kabalyexu NATURE: FAnatic BALANCE: (2\)Anced
PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Slave DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: FAnatic Wu:
= ATTR|BUTES

‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @@00 Charisma @0000 Perception @@e@000
Dexterity. @@@000 Manipulation__e@ 0000 Intelligence. @@0000
Stamina______@@@00o Appearance___@e000o0 Wit @@e@000

ABjLITIES ~
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____@®@®0000
Athletics_____9000000
Bawls  O0000
Dodge @@@000
Empathy_____0d00000
Expression____0 00000
Intimidation___@® @®0000
Leadership____0 00000
Steetwise____®@®0000

Animal Ken. 000000
Drive. @00000

Etiquette. @00000
Firearms, @@0000
Martial Arts___ @ ®@0000

Melee. 000000
Security____-_  —-®00000
Stealth, @e@0000
Survival_____@®@0000

Academics___® 00000
Computer. @@0000
Finance. @00000
Investigation. 000000
Linguistics. 9000000
Medicine_____000000
Occult, 900000
Politics. 900000
Rituals_____eoo0000

Subterfuge_____0 00000 Torture_____@@0000 Science 000000
ADVANTAGES ~
Bisciries BACKGROUNDS RITES
lood e00000 Allies ___e e0000
inches £69656 Hoxoscohe _@ 00000
Tempest of theo 00000 Kesources __@ 00000
Inward Focus @00000 Statys ____e e0000
000000 000000
yu au DHARMA Jem pest of the Iwakd Foous/t = = a
TUIses
ro ay, ~— rome) Hurt =l O
<< 50009 we LPG SOE TG)ETS)<C Injured 1Q
O WILLPOWER Wounded an Gy
5}
§ eceeeecoo000 Oe, 3a
pple
® 3 noagogoggnoannonaa Incapacitated QO
®
O eo jMBALANCE
S 000 @@e0000000
YANG CHI QogQonoogogognononoNd


54 Heresis oF THe Way
Dant TO ScHoLar OF THE Wax

Roleplaying Hints: You are the epitome ofa Seeker. Every

% = hour of every night you spend searching for new experiences that
Quote: Ifyou understood but.a tenth of what Thave discovered 1d give you insight into the'Tau. Yet you are also in control of

hens Pe ea Your passions, finding the middle groxind between

mortal life that you almost mistook them for members of your G intact" eveatafter run-ins witht the @nincutt's

family. You even had to wrest life' simplest indulgences from (7//@N TINT mr Lille whose BaRieteyadfts picrwien seyel
an unforgiving environment, thanks to natural disasters that f| | ‘occasions to researchpomesetericgrnattesgyou
: iy J
\
}

seemingly swept through your region with monotonous \W believed interestings(Despite your militant
frequency. Yet, you never complained, never wavered in your background and vilert dislike (aeithe/@ers,
faith or commitment to your family. Then the war came. Even however, you are a true follower of the Inward Way
today you don't understand what started it. All you know is that el evil euaflice with the lost Saat' You ti
one day, bandits calling themselves revolutionaries demanded 44 A beyond them and don't intendliafe' them hild
food and shelter. After they left, the army arrived and did the Te ea back fan fniing cee

same. Soon there wasno food leftin the village and famine E Fuses ai ats clot
claimed many. To worsen matters, the secret police EiteecanGinple ct
came looking for the bandits. When your village ot fey oncke conde and
didn't know anything, murdered and raped their ee ee
way through the local populace. a Swiss army keniferhidden ‘on

Soon you were in the hills with the aims
revolutionaries. Memories of your dead family
demanded retribution, but yout newfound
brutality could not save them or bring them
back. Anger and revenge eventually gave way
to bleak, unfeeling sadism. The years in the
jungle were hard and, eventually, the
government'sassassin pierced your mountain
bunker. Hell reawakened your soul... pain
andsufferingcould notmask the fact that this
was not the afterlife promised by your holy men.
Anguish and howling rage drove you to attack the
devils guarding you, setting you free from Yomi's
bonds.

Caught as a chih-mei, you slaved for your Court

for years while they treated as an ignorant and
backward yokel. The Courts appalled you, for the
ancestors and mandarins were no different from the
landowners and military officers who murdered your
mortal family. The Court pressed you into service as a
soldier, but you struggled daily against the knowledge you
were being used. Finally, theysent you to killa woman. She
spoke of the Tau, of the wholeness of existence and the
Inward Way. The truth of her words was all you needed to
abandon the Quincunx and follow her to a Wat hidden in
the hills.
In the Wat, you healed. At last your soul knew, if not
peace, at least contentment that there was a purpose to the
universe other than wanton cruelty. Study, discipline and
natural temperance made you well suited to the Inward Path
and your military experience gave you an innate grasp of the
Tempest of the Inward Focus. You left the Wat when you felt
ready and traveled. You fought alongside your old comrades,
slept with beggarsin the slumsand defended yourselfagainst the
depredations of the Court's assassins. You are determined to
thwart the tyrants; nobody will stop you or your fellow Seekers.
You have taken to pursuing the most dangerous experiences,
those with orbits closest to the Courts. Nothing will hinder
your quest to become one with the Tau.

Concept: You are a scholar, newly educated in the Wat
and full of righteous passion in your pursuit of knowledge.
Your curiosity, displayed by the massive wads of notes you

clutch and ore through endlessly, is the driving force
ofpourexisrencé. Ifchereiatomedhingyoudon't =a
know or haven't experienced, you ust have to (eg

give ita try and annotate the experience.


NAME: Danl1TiScholarofthe Way MATURE: Dikector BALANCE: Balanced

PLAYER: 6 MATURE: The Demon DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Jude Wu:
ATIR|BUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@0000 Charisma. @000 Perception, @e0ee00

Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence @@e@000
Stamina_____@e@000o0 Appearance___e@oo00o0 Wits______eeeooo
ABjLjTIES

TALENTS ‘SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Alertness, 000000 Animal Ken. 9000000 Academics. 000000
Athletics. 000000 Crafts @00000 Computer. 000000
Brawl________000000 Drive______000000 Enigmas____®eee000

Dodge. @00000 Etiquette. 000000 Investigation. 000000
Empathy, @@0000 Firearms. @00000 Linguistics, @e@0000
Expression, 000000 Martial Arts. @@e@000 Medicine. 000000
Intimidation, 000000 Meditation. 000000 Occult @e@e@000

Leadership. 000000 Portents. @@0000 Politics 000000
Streetwise. 000000 Stealth. @@e@e@000 Rituals @e@0000
Subterfuge. @@0000 Survival. @@@000 Science. 000000

ADVANTAGES
BACKGROUNDS RITES

duknie son 6u8 lnflvence __e 00000

Inpard Way _@ 00000 Kites _eee000

Tempest of theoo0000 Status __ee@0000
_Ihward Focus @ 00000 —_____000000
000000 —._.__._-_.00 0066
YIN CHI DHARMA Tempest of the Innakd Foous/t malTn
Bruised Q
o ey HUN
co @©000000000 __ Hurt 10
oO Reo" © Injured 10
¢ WILLPOWER Wounded 20
Mauled 2Q
3 @e000000000) Gin 50
3 gogo0ogogdgogododagoda Incapacitated Q
ie)
JMBALANCE

So @000000000

aoe?

YANG CHI Qoq00gogno0u0uo0u00
DEMON CHI


56 AN
Wanperjng Senst)

Quote: I am the wind and the storm given form... nothing can
protect you from my perfection.

Prelude: Young, rich and well connected, nothing was too
good for you and nothing was forbidden. You had a sinecure at a
foreign company that needed your father's goodwill, trained
regularly ata Hung Gar Kung Fuschool to keep in shape, and were
given all the money and time to do whatever you wanted. That
included several unwilling bed partners and more drugs than was
really good for you. You kept pushing the

envelope, however, always wanting anew ASS
thuill, a new buze to joleivour jaded senses. lig" a
@.

One night you went too far —too many | Cs

drugsanda fast car—andafiery, high-speed
collision ended your life. ,

Forsomeone who never knew pain or
denial, Yomi was a torment beyond your
imagination. Steel whips and unbearable heat

sisiogec any Gout sin and demons PEASE Vk
with cool shadows that might have soothed
religiousorconsideredanythingbeyond

the next hit, the next fuck, but the A
ovishallownenyalwapeouprung (7 v
youwithanewtormenttobeggar //

Eventually, you couldn't /

stand their ministrations

specie' away fom the

tempting _ ‘shadows,

your burning flesh. You'd never been
demons tormented you with your

thelastin humiliationandpain.// ;
any longer and escaped, (/7

towards the burning sky.

-

YP 11 awoke in anew body,
Y not the beautiful lithe one

you'd destroyed, but the broken,
worn frame of a peasant.

You had just escaped chih-mei
when the Courts found you wandering
the slums and eking out an existence
feeding off the squalid misery. You were
nothing to the Courts, and for the first time
in your life you knew what it was like to be
the social inferior... to have the wrong
ethnicity and none of the proper connections.
The Courts would have worked you to
destruction as their servant if your new form
hadn't ensured your survival for another
night of humiliation and slavery. rs

we

Q Fa

Herisjes oF Tue Way

You couldn't accept what had happened to you or the stories the
Coutts told you to justify your lot. It wasn't that you didn't believe
them; you just couldn't accept being someone's slave.
Eventually you left the Court, escaping the city and hiding in
the deep jungle. Itwashere you found the Watand the inner peace
eluding you. The Inward Way was important, but the Tempest of
the Inward Focus touched your soul. The martial forms and
mantras flowed through you as if customized to bring your soul
peace and strength. You mastered the first techniques the
Wat taught and headed (( out in search of more Wats
and more skilled teachers.
Younowpursuethe Tau

er Gi purely to master the classical

ys YJ forms of the Tempest of the
‘7 \nward Focus and discover

— new mantras. You've even

scrutinized various mortal martial arts,
4X cing the perfection of your craft and opponents

y WY; to test your courage and will.
Ey! | \

KS dedicated to the essence of your
‘ martial art. Some Seekers see you
as a potential guru, a wandering

master at peace with your inner

tempest (as expressed through

your art). While you

sometimes wander in the

company of students, you're
usually alone, for in the silence the Tau speaks
to you and leads you into its deep mysteries.
Roleplaying Hints: Nothing ruffles your feathers.
You're so cool that your calm mien unnerves opponents.
The old body you inhabit deceives people into mistaking
you for harmless, and you're fine with that because it
means youcan move about beneath everyone's radar. You
talk likeacliché,toomany HongKongmovies influencing
the way yousee yourself, but you really believe them. You
\ | wander the world, righting the wrongs perpetuated by
the Courts when someone worthy beseeches you. You
also test your martial prowess by only using the Tempest
of the Inward Focus.
Thesearch for the Tauconcerns you only peripherally,
L\ because the state of calm you achieved is enough for you.
i You don't even believe that the Courts are wrong,
because you remember Yomi all too well, but youalso
remember your own pointless mortal existence,
Finally yourheightened senses feel the encroaching
darkness and corruption eating away at the heart
of the Tau. If the Inward Way is right, you'll be
set; if the Courts are right you'll be a beacon of
light in the Age of the Demon King. .. just like
in the movies.
Equipment: A new set of rags when
the old ones wear out, a walking staff, aset
of cheap, black sunglasses you imagine
the stars wearing.

Concept: You are an artist, totally


OLE ILELE_E:

NAME: Wandering Sensei NATURE: Visionary BALANCE: anced
PLAYER: 0 NATURE: J 112 Foo! DIRECTION: Centec
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Penitent wu:
ATTRBUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL ‘MENTAL
Strength. @@@000 Charisma @@@@00 Perception. @@0000
Dexterity. @©@e@e@@0 Manipulation___e00000 Intelligence. @@0000
Stamina_____ee0000 Appearance___eo00000 Wits______eeeeosd

ABjL|TIES
TALENTS SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Alertness. @@@000 Animal Ken @@0000 Academics, 000000
Athletics, 9000000 Crafts 000000 Computer @e@0000
Brwl________000000 Drive______eeeooo Enigmax____o00000

Dodge. @e@e000 Etiquette. @@0000 Investigation. 000000
Empathy____000000 Fireams_____000000 Law______eeo0000
Expression. 000000 Martial Arts @@e@000 Medicine. 000000
Intimidation. 9000000 Meditation. 000000 Occult. @00000

Leadership. 000000 Performance. @e@e@000 Politics, 000000
Streetwise. @@@000 Stealth 000000 Rituals 000000
Subterfuge. 000000 Survival 000000 Science. 000000

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Black wind __@ @0000 Contacts ® ®0000

Inward Wav _@ 00000 Resources __ ® 00000
E 000000 Stans ___@e0000

Inward Foous @00000 _____000000
0:0'0:0:0'0: —____._.__._.000000

YIN CHI DHARMA Jem pest of the thatd Foous/t mre
o I HUN Bruised Q
Sgo00. &y  e000000000 Hur 41a
© Injured zl ey
Ad WILLPOWER Pounded : ie
aule zo) |
¢ @e@e@eeee000d0 Crippled 50
Q

3 ogoo0o0dgodnuaonuoouougo Incapacitated
@
Oo jMBALANCE

fe) Po
(e) oO @ee@e@eoo0o000o00

ee ee

YANG CHI Ooogoggodgogddngoanou ng
DEMON CHi


Leaves ON THE TEMPEST

Feng Kajying, &xs Bupay

Perhaps the best known Aks» chief, Kaiying is far
older than his numerous enemies realize. Born into the
feudal nobility of the early Han Dynasty, Kaiying was a
dilettante and would likely have died peacefully in bed
had a peasant revolt not sent him howling into Yomi. In
death Kaiying found a strength he had never realized he
possessed, and emerged from Yomi into the Black
Tortoise Court. Initiated into the Way of the
Resplendent Cranes, Kaiying found that the Court's
exaggerated courtesy and subtle politics reflected the
society of his mortal days, something he found disturbing
for reasons he couldn't define.

Kaiying's life changed forever when Chuang-Tzu
came to the Black Tortoise Court. Finally, Kaiying had
found a goal worth attaining, and he played a significant
role in spreading the Inward Way's word through the
Court. He was, however, caught completely off-guard
when the other Great Courts struck and all but
annihilated the Black Tortoise. Kaiying seethed with
anger and realized that only through acting upon this
anger and seeking vengeance would he ever achieve the
balance he needed to find enlightenment and become
one with the Tau. So, Kaiying founded the Aks sect of
the Inward Way.

Since that day, Kaiying has fought those he perceives
to be the Inward Way's enemies. He even led the attacks
against the Danh Tu when he felt they were becoming
too pacifistic and not putting enough emphasis on the
Tempest of the Inward Focus. He sees violence as
necessary for sect members to achieve balance, but in
reality, violence itself has become his true desire. Kaiying
senses the Courts are vulnerable and beset on all sides.
He is determined to use their growing weakness to send
them all into oblivion. As a result, his followers are
actively working against the Courts everywhere. Where
an opportunity to truly harm a Court arises, Kaiying will
likely appear.

Henisjes oF Tut Way.

DeWaracengrar, Dant To PRropHer or
THe First jewer

Born in the turmoil of WWIL as Benni Murdani,
Dewatacengkar grew into a dedicated anarchist-for-hire:
bombing, assassinating, running protection rackets, and
fighting whichever corrupt politician paid him most. His
life of easy violence ended in the massacres of 1969,
when the Suharto junta came to power and purged anyone
who proved a threat. Injured but still breathing when
dumped into a mass grave, Dewatacengkar spiraled into
Yomi choking on the dirt suffocating him. He spent very
little time in Yomi, however; his anger and terror quickly
drove his soul back to the Living Realms, where he dug
his way from the grave and survived his chih-mei by
feasting on the remains of his comrades.

Accepted into a small Javanese Golden Court,
Dewatacengkar declared himself heimin as soon as he
could; he was eager to do what he enjoyed best, hurting
people and having fun. He was especially keen on

remaining outside Chinese influences, his mortal racist
prejudices still crisp. Back on the prowl and looking for
trouble, Dewatacengkar found it with increasing
frequency until he finally pushed the penangallan too far.
Badly wounded, he escaped the penangallan' s killers
through sheer luck by stumbling onto a Wat.

After the Tempest Kuei-jin took him in and healed
him, Dewatacengkar listened politely to the moral
tales they offered. As time passed, he found himself
drawn into arguments and debates with his hosts. Soon
a few months became a decade, and Dewatacengkar
was an initiate of the Inward Way. Although not
entirely convinced of his new path, Dewatacengkar
adopted his new name and journeyed back to his old
stomping grounds. There he discovered his new balance
had muted his old desires, while the discipline of the
Tempest of the Inward Focus moderated his violent
inclinations. His experiences and insights quickly made
him a respected scholar. Soon, his peers were calling

Cuarrer Two: The Tempest oF THe juwarp Focus

him Wali, one of the few young Seekers to be so
honored for-his spiritual acumen. To this night,
Dewatacengkar wanders Asia, learning, teaching and
tasting the Tau's delights in the hope that
enlightenment rests around the next corner.

Guomava ont Najs Kuvu or Stu
Warers

Perhaps fe most influential scholar of the Inward
Way, Ghumava has advised and taught most of the Danh
Tid as well asa few Aks. Born before the fall of the Great
Courts, Ghumava was an official of the Scarlet Phoenix
Court when Chuang-Tzu's philosophy of balance and
harmony entranced him. Ghumava talks little of his
early years or of his role before he left the Courts. Until
recently, he preferred digging through the Sage's
teachings or the recorded experiences and insights offered
by the hundreds of Seekers; he'd long retired to his Wat
from seeking new experiences. His knowledge and oratory
skills are legendary amongst the sub-continent's Kuei-
jin, and many seek his advice whether they follow the
Inward Way or not.

Recently, Ghumava has been leaving his Wat, a
fact unknown to all but his closest disciples. The Still
Waters Wat sits upon a dragon nest where, Ghumava
recently discovered, there's a well-hidden spirit road
leading into the Tempest (where the Yin and Yomi
meet and the mouth of Hell sits). While he dismisses
the Spirit Worlds as immaterial and illusory, Ghumava
believes they "exist" because of the faith of millions of
mortals. Therefore; he reasons, it's possible that the
Tempest is a metaphor given form for imbalance by the
irrational reactions. of the Living Realms' state of
disparity. If this is true, the Inward Path's greatest
secrets may likely lie within the Tempest.

In his explorations of the Tempest, Ghumava has
encountered an increasing number of demons; a disturbing
number, in fact. While he understands that humanity's
growing disenchantment will affect this — given the
pollution and spiraling violence associated with
modernization — he wonders if these demons have
actually become self-sustaining. If so, Ghumava fears

this indicates that imbalance is overwhelming the forces
of balance, leaving the entire Tau at risk. He has only
mentioned this to some of his most trusted students,
hoping they perceive something he missed.

Increasingly desperate, Ghumava is asking young
Seekers to investigate the activities of the Courts and
shen in great detail. At the same time, he delves more
deeply into the Tempest, always at great tisk to himself.
Worried that fear itself of the Sixth Age might actually
bring about this very event, Ghumava works on a plan
to shock the Courts and mortals alike from their deluded
apathy. Through manipulating the Tempest's immense
power, Ghumava thinks he can obliterate the Wall
between the Living Realms and Spirit Worlds. By doing
so, he believes it will expose the illusions contained
therein and finally free mortals and Kuei-jin from the
chains binding them. Finally, all will join the Seekers
in their search for the Tat.



fae Fack or THe Gops

CHAPTER THREE:
TNE FALE OF
fHE CODS

PRELUDE

Atfirst, the prayers are muted, distorted as ifheard through
thick water. Although the supplicants chant the words of the
sutra | myself penned, I have trouble understanding them, even
upto the moment of my emergence. Once, the sound of prayers
would have rung like a clarion across the Wall, and gods great
and small would have hastened to catch the invocations, like
honey-dust upon their lips. Now, only the words of holy men
can penetrate the barriers, and even they are hushed and
difficult to hear.

My worshipers are not, by and large, holy men. They are
people from every walk of life, every caste. They gather here
because they are not ascetics. They cannot meditate upon the
celestial mandala and bring Lord Indra or Lord Naryana to
their presence. They are frail mortals, and they cluster about
the small god who walks among them in hopes that I can
provide a petty miracle or two and perhaps instruct them in
some trivial fashion. They know that having the ear of any
god is better than having the ear of no god at all. My miracles
are small, but they are real and you.can touch them. Thus, the
yeneration my followers offer to a tiny god such as myself is
quite fervent and heartfelt:

They beat their drums and shake their sistrums; over and
over again they wail the prayer of invocation, "oh prince, oh
most exalted one, oh you who have walked among the gods, come
to us and hear our entreaties." They chant.it repeatedly, their
voices unwearying, and slowly but surely J fade into sight
before my altar, crossing from.the true world into the illusion

mortals call Earth. As my godly spirit steps across the final
threshold of the maya, | feel a sharp crack within my soul. The
manikin of jade that held my place in the illusory world of
men has shattered.

The worshipers gasp. Several faint and the rest grovel
before me. I wave sticky fingers through the air and catch
their prayers. | bring fingers dripping devotion to my mouth
and kiss away the wishes. Their mood is mixed, as always;
some prayers for the god and some for the devil. My spirit
flutters between its faces, and the devil prevails. That is good.
Tonight is a good night for the devil-nature to triumph, for I
have-devil's work to do.

Iraise my four hands above my head, and the prayers cease.
My two lower arms are skinless, meat and bone wet with lymph,
while my upper arms rise soft and unblemished, like a dove's
wings. All eyes are upon'my invincible divinity. I walk among
my followers, touching their heads, meetingtheir eyes, knowing
their secret wants, hates and passions. Oh, they loveme so, and
I love them, for their prayers are nectar far sweeter than the
blood I would drink in their place. Bow down before me; my
children, for Jam your god.

Looking into their hearts, I see passion fills some of them.
1 tap two of the most fervent on their shoulders. Later, they
will share their passion with me. Touching them as I have is
a sign of this, and they prostrate themselves, moaning and
grinding their-faces into the dusty cement floor of my
warehouse-temple.

I walk among my frail mortal worshipers, touching their
heads, trailing my hands across their shoulders. Those whose

62

Clothes are stained by the wet, bloody touch of my lower arms
often keep these garments as sacred relics, a practice I do not
discourage. This is the time of the new moon, when their god
provides them with miracles:

The giving of miracles is the most challengifig of my tasks.
Lamafinite god, a limited deity chained by the sick perversity
of the Heaven that forsook it; 1 cannot grant my worshipers'
every desire. Not that would grant all their wishes even were
Jable; miracles are only meaningful when they are unexpected.
A god who grantsall wishes is nota god, buta vending machine.
It is not the mechanical-act of praying that makes meals of
honey-like devotion formy hungry soul, but the fervency, the
wanting. That is what I consume.

As I said, the granting of miracles is a most challenging
task. Some miracles are easy to select. I willreward those who
make great offerings; a god cannot exist on prayer alone, after
all. Likewise, those who doubt I will'also reward. Not for their
doubt, but to convince them irfefutably of my own divinity.
When [have power remaining, I give to those who are fervent
and deserving, but unable tomake an offering. It is, after all,
the duty of a god to answer the prayers of those devoted and
in great need.

Tonight, there shall be three miracles. My priests and 1
discussed matters of concern to my congregation, talking over
the state of my worshipers and their particular needs, and the
state of my divine power as well. | supplement this with my own
knowledge of my flock and priests. I listen to their prayers. 1
look into their eyes and know the state of their devotion, so
some miracles I devise alone.

To a wealthy old man, | give potions of my own blood:
There are three bottles, and each will help his infirm. wife
recover from the pneumonia afflicting herevery winter. A year,
two, perhaps even three years of life for his beloved are surely
worth the donation he gave my priests.

To a woman, devout but suffering a crisis of faith not just
inmy divinity but in all things, I whisper words I received from
her dead husband. This is no easy miracle, for I had to travel'to
Swar to hear them. I tell her three things only her husband
knew, and that he does not blame her for failing to follow him
to the pyre. He sends her his love and his good wishes, and that
he will wait for her in the afterlife:

Herface lights from within and teats roll down her cheeks,
bleeding decades of guilt from-her frame. I have given her new
life. I do not tell her that the city of the dead isalive and often.
devours those dwelling within it. This.is not a matter that
should concern her, and she will most likely die long before the
city consumes her husband.

Alleyesare upon me. My worshipers awaitmy nextact. My
priests, who believe that these are all the miracles | will offer
tonight, wait for the sign to begin the recessional while I
adjourn to my temple's inner precincts. But I have lied to my
priests. My whispers to the old woman are not my final miracle.

I walk toward my high priest, as if to kiss him. This is
unrehearsed, but they are used to spontaneity on my part.
There is no fear in the Brahmin's eyes. He believestthere is no
way I could have learnt of his misdeeds, as if I, his living god,
did not know his mind and haunt the precincts of my temple
even when not visible:

lama devil, and I grow'a devil's vast teeth. It is not hard
— the prayers offered me by my congregation are often for
woeful deeds, and their dark desires feed the devil just as their
hopes and aspirations feed my god-aspect.

Heresies oF THe Way

He blinks in surprise, seeing my long, yellow €anines; I
lean toward him, my mouth opening far wider than any mortal's.
He struggles, attempts to flee, but my four arms wrap him in an
iron embrace, and my jaws close around his visage. I feel a
momentary resistance as his skull slows my fangs, and I pause for
a moment... to let him understand and struggle, my serrated
teeth in his flesh, blood flowing freely, the tooth-tips parked in
the divots that the gentlest of pressure has cut in hisskull. I lick
his face with my tongue, and then bite down, removing his
lower jaw, his face back to his temple and, of course, the
forepart of his brain.

His wretched and disloyal- body spasms; mad impulses race
forth from his damaged brain, and I ratchet my face forward. My
rear teeth grind my former high priest's skull and face and my
tongue mechanically propels the pulpy mass down my throat
evens my forefangs shear the remains of the priest's head from
the top of his neck. I pause for a second to crush his skull
between my molars and drink the blood gushing from the stump
‘of his neck. J then devour his body in a rapid series of bites.
Consuming him takes less than a minute, during which the
audience stares raptly at my miraculous appetite. The demon-
me leaps and revels. These are the wages of impiety and sin.

I wipe my mouth against the back of my upper right hand
when I am done while.my lower arms fold in prayer. "Know
this... [am your god, and'you my worshipers. None among you
can steal from\me or betray me without my knowing. High
Priest Mathub thought he could deceive me and rob the
temple's coffers. Now, he is no more. Amul Kumar, you are my
new high priest. Carry out your office well, and the full favor of
divinity shall shine upon you. Betray your god and his wrath
shall consume you with iron jaws, for he is a small god, but still
far greater than any man."

The worshipers prostrate themselves again, moaning in
ecstasy at the power of their deity, and High Priest Kumar
kneels.at my feet in the blood and bits of fatty tissue remaining
from High Priest Mathub's untimely demise. Kumar's head is
bent, and even though I cannot see it, my god-senses tell me he
moths the prayers of my faith.

"Now," I say, smiling benevolently, my skinless lower
hands still clasped in prayer while my upper arms spread in
benediction, "My service has ended. Those of you who have
been selected'to join me in my inner sanctum, come with me
and join in the holiest of my rites. The rest of you, I release you
from attendance upon me. Go forth and know that in a world
of idolaters and fools, you alone are fortunate enough to
worship a true god, in whose eyes you are all favored." They rise
and depart, and my two chosen lovers follow me into my
chambers to join in the mysteries of divinity. In the darkness,
I'shall show them the light of my love.

fijsToRY

Berore Au

The Celestial Nail, sutra 1
Dream came to me on burning crimson feet
A cat, put rusty hooks into my eyes
Anointing dragon's tears with milk and blood
A Heaven riddled with fire and poverty
Ten thousand workless gods
Riots, demons, iron rods
Golden gates flung wide, an exile
‘And a thousand celestial books unpenned
What emperor ordains this?

Cuaprer Taree: The Face or THe Gos

Tue Heresy as DescrjBep

From the proscribed circular "Rising Inner God"

Read close and learn, for the world is full of untruthful
speakers, but | am honest. I tell you hard and ugly truths where
others would feed you soft lies. The stories your elders and
"betters" have told you are lies.

You may not be familiar with the short poetic book
known'as The Celestial Nail, and perhaps you have not heard
ofthe controversy surrounding it. This is because it contradicts
the lies with which the elders of Kuei-jin society want to fill
your head. Fearful that anyone will question the religions
they themselves spent centuries mastering the trivialities and
minutia of, they ban it rather than allowing you to exercise
your own judgment. This proscribed collection is the final
work of O, the poet whose earlier book, the Red Book of the
Iron Bridge, provided seminal insight into the workings of the
Thousand Hells for all Kuei-jin philosophers (which you may
well have read).

‘After penning the Red Book, © dwelt in Changan as the
Court poet, just before the discovery of the Changan's Ancestor's
corruption by Yomi's forces. Many orthodox scholars say that
the Yama Kings maneuvered O into becoming the Court poet
of Changan after he wrote the Red Book. These scholars
maintain the Lords of the Underworld did this because they
wanted the brilliant'scholar in a position where their servant,
the Changan Ancestor, last of the half-fallen Wan Xian, could
destroy O and avenge the compromise of so many secrets.

Other equally orthodox scholars, say the Yama Kings had
already ensnared O, and that the Red Book of the Iron Bridge was
a plea for help by a Wan Kuei whose mind was no longer
entirely his own. Unable to speak of or relate directly the mind-
twisting influences already subverting his psyche, the poet used
his insight to pen a treatise, either to draw attention to his
plight or for all Kuei-jin to extract some benefit from his own
terrible destruction. These scholars, whovare often the poet's
most sympathetic defenders, frequently claim O became aware
ofthe Changan Ancestor's true nature somehow. They typically
assert that the poet placed himself in a position where his
inevitable demise would cause the discovery of the Ancestor's
copy of The Broken-Winged Crane, and result in the subsequent
downfall of the Yama Kings' mighty slave.

In both cases, the historians agree that The Celestial Nail is
the last, incoherent ramblings of a mad being succumbing to
infernal influence. Regardless of when the alleged madness
started, O finished his insane jottings and committed suicide by

greeting the Eye of Heaven willingly.
* * A

‘The orthodox scholars are deluded fools. O was not mad, and
he did not commit suicide of anything but the most transitory sort

O did have some profound insight into thé Yama Kings,
that's true, but that insight deepened until he not only saw the
secrets of Yomi-Wan's lords, but the secrets of the August
Personageof Jade as well. The Celestial Nail is not the ranting
ofamad thing, but an exposition of the dirty facts that Heaven.
had sought so diligently to conceal for thousands of years.
Although the Changan Ancestorhad fallen to the Yama Kings'
power, that was not his most important secret. He was, in fact,
an agent of Heaven, the last~secret servant planted by the
August Personage of Jade among:the Wan Kuei to conceal
Kuei-jinhistory's most terrible secret:

Kuei-jin are not mortals. They are imprisoned gods.

The mandarins and bodhisattvas of orthodox Kuei-jin society
are dupes.

63

ComMENTARY ON THE CeLesTjan Nayji
Admitted as evidence in the trial of Chiu Guan-yu, charged
with treason.

The Celestial Nail is a short text with only 40 sutras,
typically presented one to a page. Written in kaja of the most
obscure sort, each sura of The Celestial Nail is more difficult to
understand than the last, Each is increasingly couched in ever-
greater, indecipherable allusions:and metaphors, so that only
the most cleverand (presumably) spiritually advanced Kuei-jin
can understand its occulted message.

Those with the education to decipher the text's many
obscure references and the spiritual insight to understand the
book's hidden missives will find the contents subversive in the
extreme. Rather than resurrected mortal heroes, it seems to
imply that Kuei-jin are former godlings, cast out of Heaven
during some sort of civil unrest ot celestial downsizing. The
August Personage of Jade, the book claims, realized that such
immortal creatures would doubtlessly wreak havoc on the
world if left to their own devices in the Middle Kingdom. To
prevent such chaos, the Heavens chose a path of deception.
They muddled the memories of the fallen godlings through
divine magic and trapped them in an illusory life cycle designed
in imitation of the prison of karma.

Each godling would be born as a mortal human, pass
through life, die, fall into the torment of the Thousand Hells,
then rise again as undead beings. When this undead form was
destroyed, the godling would then fall into an oblivion-like
state between reincarnations, only to be born again in a false
mortal guise. Thus, their irrepressible power would be allowed
expression, but in a context making widespread destruction ot
a vengeful return to Héaven unlikely.

To prevent these exiled divinities from discovering the
power and understanding to break this spiritual imprisonment,
the August Personage of Jade planted spies and minions among
the freshly exiled godlings. These agents of Heaven's throne
were to lead the newly reborn into faiths and philosophies that
would always focus on acceptance of their undead state and
spread a false history of service as semi-immortal heroes of men.
These beings, obviously meant to be the half-fallen Kuei-jin
who stood as superintendents and protectors of the humanity
in its earliest days, reinforced the Heavenly deception, saw to
the foundation of the conventional Dharmasand the suppression
ofmovements like the Demon Warrior Empire that might have
caused havoc on Earth. As time went by and the deception
became impenetrable, Heaven withdrew its agents one by one
until only the Changan Ancestor remained.

‘One ‘can only speculate on O's motives in approaching the
Changan Ancestor's Court to'pen this text. He could have
sought a confrontation; or perhaps it was an attempt by the
Changan Ancestor to do his Heavenly assigned job. It may
have had something to do with the obviousinfluence the Yama
Kings had over O's behavior. It's all quite possible, as O was
either growing extremely enlightened or extremely mad. Also,
if he is somehow correct, the situation-is also confused by the
clear, repeated implication thatthe Yama' Kings and the
August Personage of Jade are colluding to maintain and further
the Kuei-jin's ignorance as a race.

The Face Or The Gops Asroap

Fromaconfidential report to the Bodhisattva No-Shadow Raven.
I make thisireport as requested after seven years of study

and travel in what the Quincunx's Kuei-jin call the Scarlet
Courts and the Infinite Thunders Court. This humble devil


64

thanks his mistress for the funds and letters of introduction she
so generously provided. This is only my initial assessment, and
hope to have a fuller version compiled by this time next year.
With the urgency of the current world situation, however, I feel
it appropriate to make a concise preliminary filing.
linterviewed the three heretics you sent me to meet. They
clearly thought I was some sort of Quincunx legate and naively
imagined that these interviews might lend legitimacy to their
creed. Clearly, they know nothing of the Quincunx. Had been,
a genuine Quincunx legate, I would have returned from the
whole affair with a feeling of great horror and a renewed
determination to stamp out their beliefs. As it is, 1 came away
with a sense of worry. There is something behind this Dharma,
either some shard of truth or a plot by the Yama Kings.

O is not this Dharma's progenitor: One of the elder
heretics I spoke with was practicing his faith long before O ever
took the Second Breath, and he had both a master and a
grandmaster, both of whom were-quite old. There has been
indigenous practice of this faith in India for a very long time.

You may ask how this relates to O's work? He wasa traveler
who vanished from sight over several periods during his career.
It is possible he went to India or made contact with members
of this heresy elsewhere before adopting their teachings. That
would still leave the heresy's ultimate origin in question, but at
least it reduces the number of intellectual wellsprings to a
single source.

I:don't think O was the kind of vampire to study under
foreign swamis. He was resolutely Chinese in his culture, and
he doubtless regarded Indians as quaint and unusual; his
scholarship is entirely metaphysical, not oriented around the
Indian region at all. The idea that he studied from the Infinite
Thunders practice isn't very likely, Youknew him, wherel can
only know what others said of him. Pl leave it'up to you:to
decide if there's a chance he took spiritual tutelage from a
foreign Kuei.

If the two practices arose'separately, then there is, I think,
probably some common thread. Obviously, the most likely
source is the machinations of some Yama King. Possibly whoever
drove O mad was well versed in the theological or metaphysical
practice of the Dharma, and wanted to extend it eastward into
the Middle Kingdom.

Presumably O was to start a cult, but either deliberately
committed suicide in shame or went completely mad from.
Hell's influence. I suppose the immediate counter-assertion is.
that someone intended O to draw attention to some infernal
tival's plans and act as a decoy, but I don't think so.

First ofall, driving O insane was amajor ploy. I don't think
they'dhave done it witha petty goal like undermining someone
else's machinations. Secondly, if it was to instigate a pogrom
against the Face of the Gods, it seems very half-hearted. With
as many cat's paws as the Yama Kings have in politics, I think
we'd have seen a more aggressive pursuit. The movement was
outlawed, of course, but there have been no real calls for action.

If O's subversion was intended to instigate an attack
against an opponent, I can only imagine that the Yama King
who went through all this trouble would try to draw attention
to the cause and build it up. Yet to my knowledge, that didn't
happen. So we have to assume that whoever set O off his rails
did so with the genuine hope of creating the faith, if indeed it
was founded as a tool of the Yama Kings.

The alternative is that O.and the heretics of the Infinite
Thunders Court both stumbled upon some deeper truth that
they misunderstood and misinterpreted into their Dharma.
Maybe they learned something about the final fate of Kuei-jin

Heresies oF tae War

souls not understood in civilized lands. Because they took it
superficially, they ended up interpreting it to be some sort of
exiled divinity.

Ithink thisis probably what happened. Yomi drove O mad
for writing The Red Book of the Iron Bridge, and his madness was
contributive to his heretical theology. The other possibility is
that the Yama Kings had him under surveillance and realized
his direction of thought would lead him: to conclusions that
would put them at a disadvantage. Afraid that with his
intellectual weight behindit, this theological reyelation would
become a powerful weapon against them or their agenda, they
destroyed him to limit the damage he incurred.

Iwant to go back and look into this more. If the latter is the
case, we need to find/out what O had discovered, What does a
sect with delusions Of persecution and divinity think or know
that a mad poet also discovered in the 16th century that puts
the Yama Kings in jeopardy? I want to conduct more interviews
and work at reading some of the seminal theology. If there's a
cluehere, I think I can find it within a year or two. I'm pretty
confident we'll have that long before the end, and I think it's
aworthwhile gamble. As always, however, your humble servant
will await your instructions.

Ora History

Collected Text

This all happened in the days of legend, before history as
we know it. We believe this period ends some time before the
emergence of Harappan culture, but can't date it more tightly
than that. I'll assume you've read the Mahabharata, so I won't
burden-you with a description of the narrative. At the end, the
solar prince Rama exiles his faithful wife, Sita. Even though
she's been devoted to him while in the captivity of rakshasas,
there was talk of her unfaithfulness. As king, Rama needed to
set the rumors to rest, even though she was innocent.

The story says Sita lived as a hermit afterwards, but that's
not the tradition of my faith. It is my faith's belief that after
Rama exiled Sita from Ayodhya, she was forced to flee into the
forest, a sort of primeval wilderness echoed in Chinese and
Russian mythic perceptions (I'm sure you're familiar with it).
‘There, the tradition says, this beauteous maiden, exiled by her
husband, survived by lying down with wolves and brutish
bandit-farmers. For thirty-three years, she*prayed when she
rose-in the morning, and prayed before she slept at night. In
every prayer, she reminded the gods of how she'd been caught
up in their doings, and ground under the Wheel of Fate as finely
as flour crushed for the king's table.

Finally, burning from her prayers as he sat upon his throne,
Lord Narayan came down to Earth and looked upon her with
pity. He asked her what he could do to stop her prayers, and she
asked, selfless as always, that her children be beloved by the
gods. She asked that each be aheéro as fierce as an indrajit, a wind
spirit servant of the storm lord, or a dutiful queen with the
dancing skills of a ghandarva, a type of celestial dancing girl
accomplished at music. Lord Krishna agreed, for her prayers
burned him severely and he felt guilty for his part in Rama's
affair with the rakshasas.

In time, Sita had a mighty brood of children, all heroes.
under the eye of Heaven. The women. were beautiful and'
talented, the boys brave and furious in battle. There were many
children, and all were fair though their fathers were the wild
wolves and bandit-farmers. Indeed, their virtue was so great
that they were not men, but like the gods:

In time, their numbers came to be so great that their
mother no longer prostituted herself to the lords of the forest,

Cuaprer Three: The Fact or THe Gops

Her own offspring came to rule instead, and made the men who
forced themselves on her to work themselves to death, building
Sita a palace where she could reign. The gods, however, caught
sight of these many children, and saw in them another menace
equal to the rakshasa.

The gods sent Lord Yama down to solve this problem. Lord
Yama, in turn, sent out Death, who killed all of Sita's offspring,
but could not find her. She had grown so clever by then that she
even evaded Death. Yet, the Wheel of Dharma had not yet
finished turning for Sita's offspring, and they existed on. So
powerful was their virtue that their dead flesh walked still. Even'
if destroyed, they immediately reincarnated into new bodies
that sprang whole from their ashes. The gods had made a woeful
error slaying Sita's children. She was now angry and perhaps
more powerful than before. So they contrived that Lord Yama
would hold the children's souls after death, before they were
reborn from their ashes, and torture them, wiping away all
memories of their lives as heroes. When they were reborn,
they'd think they were just men.

The ploy was largely successful; the gods, after many bitter
battles, put down Sita's children and forced them into the
shackles of reincarnation, from which they emerged ignorant,
weak and unable to realize they were greater than mens
Thereafter, they lived a mortal life, died, were reborn, and were
eventually taken again into Yama's realm, where the gods
stripped them of their memories before their next incarnation.
It was a cruel twist of fate.

The Practice oF Djvinjtx

Told to an initiate

Shiva-Ohm was a dead hero: Reborn, he lived as a mortal
prince and died, rising again as a flesh-eating beast. Yet, the
strength of his heart mastered this terrible state, and he fell to
contemplation of his essence. By deep meditation, he gained
insight and visions into his nature as a child of Sita, using the
spiritual discipline of the third eye to discern the truth.
Compiling what he knew, he wrote The Practice of Divinity,
which is a book on how an ignorant, young, dead thing might
remember his holy state and become a god.

This is the heart of our faith, a confirmation of our power.
To study this art is to learn to be a god— what more proof do
you need of your innate divinity than to exercise the powers of
your station? When you have read the supplicant's devotion
through his eyes and known their deepest heart's desires; when
you have tasted the honey of worship upon your tongue, then
you will know how this is the undeniable truth. Anyone who
tells you otherwise, then, does not know what it is to be a god,
ot they know and deny it. Soon, you'll learn the forms of The
Practice of Divinity, and yout eyes shall see the glory of prayer as
beheld by an exiled god.

Tae Fare or Dyvjnjrx

Fromaconfidential report to the Bodhisattva No-Shadow Raven.

The second holy book of the Celestial Tribe faith is the
Sevenfold Gathering, which seems to have impelled the Dharma
on their messianic course. The militant attitude toward regaining
Heaven, and the idea they would reclaim their destiny as the
Children of Sita, is not present in The Practice of Divinity. The
Practice is a very pragmatic book, one about developing the
Spiritual powers necessary to becoming a god. The. Sevenfold
Gathering is a narrative concerning seven brothers uniting to
avenge their mother's disgrace and their disinheritance. It is a
blatant allegory of the Celestial Tribe's predicament. Several


66

notable and early members of the Dharma may have been the
authors, but we can't attribute it to any of them with certainty.

The book has a very millenarian character —the Celestial
Tribe will secure a place in Heaven and force the gods to
acknowledge their mother's suffering and the wrong committed
when Lord Yama sent Death to claim them. Then the world
will presumably be set aright, as least as far as the Children of
Sita are concerned. It had an immediate effect, and while the
Dharma's members didn't instantly build a tower with which to
scale Heaven, they still approached their faith in a new light.

I think it's possible this faith might have been a valid or
potentially valid Dharma once, one focusing on reforming and
purifying the spiritof the exiled immortal. Then, this was
added, and the purification becarne a quest for spiritual power
to reclaim a rightful place in Heaven. It's not imminent or
something that will happen this generation, but they believe
they will receive their rightful place among the gods. This is
only my opinion, of course. You are far moreeminently qualified
to know if such a belief might hold any validity.

T should note that, while I'm certain the Dharma is the
product of the Yama Kings' meddling, I don't think we should
immediately identify this as some kind of infernal text. It could
be that the Yama Kings propagated it, or it could be a line of
thinking we can no longer attribute to an author. The book is
a product of the Dharma's later prehistoric period, spurring a
heroic age probably contemporaneous with the reign of the
Yellow Emperor in China. It could be the Yama Kings only
inspired the book, or they seized upon its a tool for their own
ends. I don't think we should conclude they actually wrote it.

There were certainly énough spiritual heresies professed in
the Middle Kingdom 'as well, but luckily the Yellow Emperor
and Xue enforced and inspired proper spiritual thinking. How
terrible it must have been, after Meru's fall, to be trapped out
across the mountains here, unable to profit from the wisdom of
those Wan Xian still retaining a shadow of Heaven's grace.
Without a force for intellectual orthodoxy, every type. of
mistaken thinking could and did take root.

The Conjng oF THE CHjnese THyNKERS

Told to an initiate

Eyentually Buddhist missionaries reached China, and the
introduction of Buddhism also introduced an awareness of
India in Chinese culture. In time, Kuei-jin followed the path of
the scripture-pilgrims. They sought flesh-eaters to educate and
convert for their faith.

They were intolerant and believed the lies a jealous
Heayen told them. They saw themselves as Heaven's disgraced
champions, and forever schemed to ingratiate themselves with
the celestial powers. They were of thé same race as us but they
were forever unlike us, for they abandoned Heaven and sought
enlightenment as monsters.

When they first arrived, the Thrashing Dragons were
simply pushy. They brought with them knowledge of the Chi
Pranas, but they also brought their Chinese pride. They
demanded space to build their temples and we gaveit to them.
Then they demanded the right to train flesh-eaters, first some
and then all, for they sought to convert our land to their own
faith. When it became clear the Thrashing Dragons hoped to
spread their alien philosophy among our people, there was
tension. The Thrashing Dragons were sincere, butstill slaves
of a Heaven deluding them of their essential birthright.

Heresies oF THe Way

Unfortunately, we cannot make them believe, and if they,
attempt to force their beliefs on us, we can send them into their
next incarnation, hoping they'll find the truth in their next
passage through Dharma. We wish there was some other way,
but that is not the case. Sometimes, it is possible to coexist with
them, but more often, it is not.

The Conrijcr Arrerwarps
Read on a computer screen in adark room.
From: as3ds90f@hostmail.com
To: fg2319@yazoomail.com
Subject: Le's Go Out For Coffee.

#found RSA code block

#looking for keypad dongle OK

#dongle auth — OK dongle key check —OK

#begin RSA data

Continues Last Report

I believe these beings... these sects, have been in
competition for probably 800 years. Both need to capture
immature vampires and train them, because whoever reaches
them first can probably make a lifetime convert. They've both
desperately struggled fora critical edge in strength forcenturies,
attempting to proselytize their opponents out of existence.
Actual violence seems common, buttherearen'tmany organized
campaigns. They're mainly spur-of-the-moment pogroms
followed by a spate of revenge killings.

While the goals are wildly different, the two groups are
superficially similar in their practice. The Chinese-import
Thrashing Dragons traditionally held an upper hand in the
struggle, because they found it easy to influence the Muslim
rulers and because they recruited well from the. Buddhist
population. In the modern nights, this has changed.

Buddhism's demise in the Indian subcontinentand the rise
of Hindu nationalism have given the "Celestial Tribe" faction
a distinct edge. Many of the Thrashing Dragons' institutional
strengths have withered. In addition, the Celestial Tribe can
found cults essentially preaching theit own Dharma, which.
gives thematremendous edge. They canactually practice their
faith more-or-less openly before their own worshipers, which
apparently spurs them to develop greater power.

These elements added up to a conflict'a long time in the
making, and whatever happened in Bangladesh set it off.
Apparently, someone destroyed an important Thrashing
Dragon, and that sent the local Dharma members on the
rampage: The resulting violence destroyed several infection-
class vampires and some Thrashing Dragons; the Celestial
Tribe has gone on the warpath as a result. Relations were never
cordial, but now they're downright hostile — under the cover
‘of regional military operations, the Celestial Tribe has been
doing alot more rub-outs.

I imagine they'll be at one another's throats within a few
months. If we push here and there, we can probably help one
faction terminate the other, then eliminate the winners witha
few selective strikes. We need to do something about these
guys, though. They control the local security forces, and they're.
pretty much running the show.

Sir, every place like this is another Bangladesh waiting to
happen; are we just going to sit around until the planet's next
threat pops up somewhere?

#end RSA block

Carrer Tarek: The Fact or THe Gons

Tue Mopern Niguts

From ECHELON surveillance recordings, suppressed by the
FISA. Material deemed of no investigative value, but of aconfidential
nature relating to personal business, and thus not subject to release.

Caller: There's one of them here... they're here!

Sound of gunshots

Receiver: One what, what are you talking about?

Caller: A Chinese man. There's a Chinese man here.

Receiver: A Thrashing Dragon?

Caller: I don't know.

Receiver: What's happening?

Caller: He hurt my son and he's killed Ahmdi and the
other guards. More gods must come and help me right away...
I think he may try to destroy me.

Receiver: Is he Indian?

Caller: No, a Chinese man: He's got chalk-white skin and
two guns. He's definitely a Chinese god, I can hear him
changing clips.

Roaring Voice: Come out, woman. I can smell you.

Caller: Please, other gods must come now, please.

"Turashing Dragons"
Contact between Ind vampii
orthodox Cathayan culture has been almost sole

s and more

through the Laughing Rainbow sect of the Thrashing
Dragon Dharma. Thus, the

stial Tribe tends to call
nicized Kuei hit
if appropriate ot not. They do understand
at least in concept, they just aren't
This often causes
among prickly Cathayans, easily angered at
being misidentified as part of th

all Chin:
regardl

wrong se

Tae Mopern Nights

From the proceedings of the' Bone Court of Chunking

The subject of this proclamation is the heresy known as
the Face of the Gods. This blasphemous faith, in an affront to
Heaven, claims the Wan Xian are not the disgraced servants of
Heaven, but gods cast down improperly. Thisfaith isabominable,
Itcauses their very soul to rot, all full of hubris and pride against
Heaven —the very same hubris and pride that led to the
downfall of the Wan Xian. For the third time in twenty years,
we have found a Kuei-jin guilty of practicing this Dharma.

How can such ill-founded teachings persist among the
disciples of Xue? What errors do we commit that our students
falter to such lies. It is a sign of the world's decline that often
comes to pass, and comes to pass so often.

The Court consigns the three disciples in question to the
Eye of Heaven: They shall fall into the Mouth of Yomi, and into
oblivion, never to reach the Hundred Clouds: The execution
shall be open to the spectators; it shall take place in eleven days,
on the night of the new*moon so that the moon need not
witness the dishonor of those executed. Let all who.can, come
watch the final moments of these unrepentant dissidents.
‘Those of you who are training young Wan Kuei for the Fire and
Water Test should certainly bring them. Inaddition, the Court
urges every mandarin, every jina — regardless if they have
disciples under their wing or not —to redouble their efforts to

rl!

encourage orthodoxy among those who recently took the
Second Breath. If we don't teach them how important proper
thinking is, how will they ever learn?

Soccer

The Face of the Gods heresy exists in two distinct forms.
The first is a perverse rebellion against the celestial order by
Kuei-jin of the Five August Courts. In this form, it is a small,
persecutedicult, mainly composed of individual practitioners.
The second is an indigenous religion of Asian vampires in the
Indian subcontinent, who have practiced it from prehistory.

The two versions do not really mix. The Indian version is
much more practical andconcerned with day-to-day existence,
while the "heretics" vary from Luciferian rebels to occult
plotters with schemes for the throne of Heaven itself. Their
existences and theologies are separate; only in the eyes of
Quincunx scholars who make it their business to categorize
such things are they one and the same.

Of course, this means that Chinese-variant practitioners
of this Dharma see themselves as part of the religious disciplines
onthe Indian Subcontinent, because they are Quincunx scholars
and thus see the religions as identical. Still, there's no shared
discourse, and the ritual formalities of the religion's Indian
aspect are only somewhat similar to the practices O suggests in
The Celestial Nail.

arhavase, ie Face oF THE Gops
"OND THE CeresTjaL TRBE

This chapter uses some specific terminology when
"discussing the Face of the Gods heresy. Generally, what is
being discussed will be clear from context, but to be
"explicit, there are'two major veins of the Face of the Gods
\sheresy, which apparently arose independently, and have
Mittle relation. One, in India, survives from prehistoric
"times, while the other unfolds in the west as a product of
e Changing of the Ages in the 15th century. Kuei-jin
derived thé latter-vein from a forbidden work of

logy ee D} y the id poet O before his death.
When the text mentions the Face of the Gods, it is
talking about the heresy in general. The chapter uses the
"indigenous Indian term "Celestial Tribe" when referring
directly to the heresy as practiced in the Indian
» subcontinent. Also, throughout this chapter, the term
Kuei-jin is used to indicate vampires both within and
"outside this sect. Those following the Face of the Gods,
however, believe themselves to be something more than
é heipredators the Quincunx claims of all Wan Kuei. Some
" of the Dharma's venerated members dispense with Kuei-
"jin entirely, and simply refer to themselves as Gods (in

‘China's case) or the Celestial Tribe (in India's case).

SjTuaTjon

No one stays a practitioner of the Gods for long in the
Quincunx: Those who are young and discover the religion
typically make their way west to India, to join with the
resistance forces of their godly brotherhood. Only there is
no resistance and no armies gathering to storm the gates
of Heaven.

Theslow, continual influx of Chinese godlings determined
to reclaim their birthright does nothing to allay China's
reputation as a land of dogmatic fanatics in the eyes of Indian
vampirism. Some expatriates from orthodox Kuei-jin culture
reside in India and attempt to establish Face"of the Gods
communities. Needless to say, the Dharma's local practitioners
want nothing to do with these outsiders, and often cooperate
with local Thrashing Dragons in controlling them. Sometimes,
young heretics traverse the gauntlet to India or Bangladesh,
contacting their co-religionists in the hopes of sanctuary only
to be handed over to Quincunx enforcers at their first meeting.
Circumstances force others under official pressure to flee into
south Asia, where they build training camps in the jungles and
compete for space with the penangallan vampire-queens.

Old orthodox vampires who discover the heresy typically
find their way west, into the hazy maze of expatriate Asian
shen. There, they seek out fellow practitioners, build their
cults and plan their campaigns against the celestial conspiracy
that created them. The dangers of being supernatural and
existing abroad are nothing like the dangets of following a
religious heresy under the scrutiny of the ancestor's spies, the
Devil-Tiger Black Iron Talons and the security apparatus of
their own Dharmas. As long as a heretic exists quietly and
doesn't oppose Quincunx (or wji) interests abroad, they can
probably survive. Those who look dangerous or try inserting
agents back into Asia are dealt with as security threats by
whichever interests they crossed.

This situation is not echoed in the Infinite Thunders
Court —there, the so-called "Celestial Tribe" exists despite the
efforts of local Thrashing Dragons. It prospers under the
resurgence of Hindu culture, which allows it to exist in a-very
pure form, to the benefit of its practice. There are many older
and powerful sect members, but nobody has reached bodhisattva
status recently. Currently, approximately 60% of Kuei-jin in
the Indian subcontinent are members of the Celestial Tribe.
Bear in mind that this is a significant number. The Celestial
Tribe outnumbers the smaller Kuei-jin Dharmas, but its
practitioners cluster around southern India.

Are Tex Axuma?

Does the Celestial Tribe serve the Yama Kings, sell their
souls and betray their fellow Wan Xian to Yomi inexchange for
power? This is central when discussing the Face of the Gods.
Chinese and Sinicized Kuei-jin traditionally level charges of
being akumaat this sect, saying its members feel they can make
treaties with the Yama Kings on equal footing, as though they
were fellow princes.

In Quincunx domains, this is largely true. Afterall, where
do heretics learn to behave except in the works of heretical
chroniclers? Members with the Face of the Gods heresy are very
often lesser akuma, who engage in Iris Bulb Commerce (See
The Thousand Hells for detail of this). Most do it because
they're supposed to, because that's what they've always heard
or read. Others engage in such activities because a heretic in
Cathayan culture is adrift in a leaking boat without a paddle.
The sort of vampires who succumb to a heresy like the Face of
the Gods ate usually librarians, spiritualists or other educated
individuals with access to libraries and thus, infernal texts
meant to serve as a warning, not a guide. Some heretics delve
into them because they're locked into a suicidal lifestyle,
indulging in every horror that springs to mind. Others do it
because they realize they're going to need every trick to survive
in exile, and selling half their soul is a potential necessity.

Heresies oF THe Way

Dharma practitioners in India believe they aré no more
prone than other Kuei-jin to become akuma. In fact, they
believe themselves in less jeopardy, since they don't have the
legalistic cosmological outlook of mainstream Kuei-jin culture.
They aré educated to beware Heaven's dishonesty from their
first conscious, undead thought as a member of this Dharma.
Making business deals with the princes of Lord Yama's realm
isn't a very attractive proposition if you don't believe the
fundamental order of the universe enforces those contracts.

TeNets oF THE Face oF THE Gops
1. Develop your divine nature.
2. Expand both godly and demonic consciousness.
3. Accept the veneration of mortals, but answer their
prayers in return.

4, Harness Chi to bring divinity back to your dead
form.

5. Act according to the tenets of your Godly Voice,
and your Godly Desires shall be fulfilled.

6. Visit the Heavens to remember what you have lost.

7. Practice ritual and tradition to empower your own
essence.

8. Commune with the spirits; learn of their messages
from Heaven.

TENETS
Devetop Your Djvine Nature

I saw a mote of light within myself,

A needle; a celestial nail.

Cherishing it, I held it to my heart,

and it became a sword, cutting away ignorance.

—O, The Celestial Nail
*

* *

Thedisciple should never neglect the development of the spiritual
self. From Heaven's blessing does your soul extend... you should
seek to make it worthy of that exalted state. For all your duties as
shepherd to the flock's needs, or as warrior or prince, you must also
acknowledge that which allows you to perform these deeds. You are
agod, adivine being trapped in a prison of flesh. If youdo notnurture
and strengthen that spirit, it will continue suffering beneath the
imposed twin yokes of ignorance and mediocrity.

—Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

This tenetcommands the Kuei-jin to pursue their Dharmic
advancement. Almost all Dharmas take time to emphasize,
through their fundamental philosophy, the importance for
Kuei-jin to advance spiritually; the Face of the Gods is no
different:

Expanp Bott Gopiy Anp Denonjc
ConscjousNEss
Theard the words of the darkness within me,
and I knew those words.
It was the voice of my true heart.
And I was enlightened.
—O, The Celestial Nail

* * *


Carrer Three: The Face or tHe Gops

Within your heart lies a darkness. Do not deny its presence, for
you are not the only one who hears it voice. Know that this voice
belongs to your coarse nature, your animal heart. Iturges you to self-
indulgence, vengeance and wickedness. This is.a woeful thing, for
the words of this demonic impulse are always with you, hidden in
your own thoughts. Once, it was but the voice of temptation. Yet
now, unburdened by the conscience of the soul, this animal force
seeks only self-gratification and wickedness, destruction and war.

Your heart will demand you suppress this voice and tum your
back to it — that the intensity of your base desires is unnatural and
horrifying. It will say, do not let this voice control you, for it covets
your ruin and has no comprehension of tomorrow. Yet, it is also the
voice of your own divine heart, and it is wrong that gods should be
meek and shrink unnaturally from their own wrath. When your
howling spirit rises in righteous anger, let it have its run for it shall
come regardless. By moderating its passion, you can perhaps come
to terms with it.

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

In Indian practice, expanding your godly and demonic
aspects means the development of the P'o, which Indians feel
to be equally valid in the manifested divine; the blood of the
Celestial Tribe's evil fathers has demonized the children
somewhat, and they have no choice but to accept that, for it's
an inescapable part of their nature. It doesn't lessen their
divinity, it just means that they are punishers, warriors:and
even ravagers to their people, as well as protectors, defenders
and guides. Each is both angel of mercy and blood-soaked fiend,
warrior and spiritualist, and they all accept this and incorporate
it into their religion.

In the case of those Middle Kingdom Kuei-jin following
The Celestial Nail, this isa very immediate matter. Most of them
brim with the convert's fervor but haven't progressed far in
their Dharma; they are almost certainly without tutors or
supervision. This lot has very direct and simple outlooks on
their faith (sticking to the letter of the tenets in The Celestial
Nail), but often fall into trouble during their struggle to fulfill
the P'o without becoming its slaves.

India's heretical Kuei-jin, however, have a more complex
and well-rounded outlook. Local Kuei-jin expect their Dharma
peers to hold themselves to certain standards of behavior, ones
that don't bring about the wrath of mortals or shen, ones that
help protect each other from adversaries, and ones thatdemand
they manage their power responsibly.

The Dharma's Kuei-jin generally issue warnings to the
vampire who can'tadhere to the community'sstandards. Those
who don'tmend their ways after repeated admonitions are then
punished in a variety of ways; their mortal flocks are killed or
claimed by other "gods," their temples are destroyed or they are
exiled from a region. The really troublesome Kuei-jin earn. an
instant trip to their next incarnation. Hopefully, on their next
junket across the karmic wheel, they'll learn more wisdom and
handle their power with more responsibility. The end result is
that some vampires with civil P'os remain under the control of
their Demonalmost constantly, while their higher soul watches
and learns from its Demon-self.

Accept THe VENERATION or Morrais
Theard the bells of the temple and hurried away.
I heard the chanting of the monks and hearkened close.
Tread the prayer slips, and read my name.
And I was enlightened.
—O, The Celestial Nail

* * *

69

You are a god, and it is your purpose to act as such: Although
other gods control Heaven and deny ‘you passage, do not be
disturbed. You are a god, nonetheless. Fulfill that role, and exist
within that divinity. If it seems absurd to ‘you, then observe yourself
through the perspective of your worshipers, who now possess a god
of greater power and substance than whatever carven idol you
displaced. Your deeds do not seem so foolish to them. Comfort
yourself, if you must, with the conviction that you train for your
duties on the day you return to your true Heavenly home. With the
full blessing of divinity at your disposal, what an effective god you
shall be, having learned the trade with only the most meager of tools

This isnot, however, a license for excess. You are a god, nota
despot or prince. You are not arobber, but the protector and defender
of those sheltered beneath your wing. As they levy to you the blood
and tribute that is your right, you must give them the fortune,
wisdom and protection they expect. Do not ever forget your bond
with your followers, for it is the heart of your power.

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

Accept the veneration of mortals, but answer their prayers
in return. Both factions of the Dharma practice this religious
tenet roughly the same way. Both gather groups of worshipers
who venerate them as divinities. Both The Celestial Nail and
The Practice of Divinity advocate that Kuei-jin gather groups of
believers, and both teach the powerful Discipline of Prayer-
Eating that the Dharmas use to manage their followers.

Ideally, these underlings see the Kuei-jin as an exiled
god. To have followers practice some sort of cover faith to
generate belief, butconceal the vampire'snature is Dharmically
unsound for several reasons. First, it means the vampire
cannot use his cult to the fullest on theological matters, like
proving his obvious divinity when bringing mortals to his
worship. To the Dharma's members, the belief in their own
godly status is real, which means others must believe in them
too. Secondly, it detracts from the strength of veneration that
the sects eel is essential to the Kuei-jin's Dharmic progression.
A member of this sect cannot increase in Dharma unless they
are leading a sect.

Following this tenet also means providing service to
worshipers. A member of the Face of the Gods is not just a
vampire. They attempt to better and strengthen the members
of their cult, giving them a supernatural "ace-in-the-hole" that
can help them overcome life's hurdles. After all, that's the
point of worship, at least to the Dharma's perspective.

For Indian Kuei-jin, a period of conservatism and hiding is
ending. Whereas the Face of the Gods once kept small sects,
the Dharma has gained considerable ground over the imported
Quincunx faiths, allowing cults to flourish with dozens, or even
hundreds, of worshipers. It could be, members of this Dharma
believe, that no vampite of this sect has reached divinity in
recent memory because none of them had a strong enough
public following. That worship, the veneration of multitudes,
is really necessary for ascension. And to become truly divine,
the followers must enshrine their gods in temples as the ancient
sages once did. Understandably, there is significant competition
between cults for important recruits.

Heretics who stay in Asia long enough to establish, cults
must maintain small ones to remain below the Quincunx's
radar. Those fleeing to India or Bangladesh may keep whatever
size cult they can manage: The cult's size and the Kuei-jin's
ability to act openly as a god outside the Middle Kingdom may
be why so many CelestialsTribe members seem so advanced
compared to their Chinese Dharma "brethren."


Heresjes or THe Way

Excerpt, from a confidential report to the Bodhisattva No-
Shadow Raven'from heimin observer Twice-Seeded Blossom.

Discipline within the individual cults is very strict —the
religions are notatall "spiritual," and by this I mean mysterious
or shrouded in ritual. The worshipers enter a deal with their
"god," offering worship and service in return for protection and
having their prayers fulfilled. The faith is very concrete. The
worshipers gain actual benefits from their god — who healed
their illnesses or found them government postings —and so,
are generally quite fervent. The cult severely punishes any
transgression, often killing one member to teach dozens if the
situation warrants it. The one cult whose procedures I observed
used intrusive monitoring practices; they deployed surveillance
ORME devices in members' homes both with and without their consent,

and administered regular polygraphs to the cult's inner circle.
This was, I was given to understand, not an atypical practice.

The Dharma's Kuei-jin seemingly develop the ability to
read worshipers' minds, adding their own scrutiny to their
security practices — it's a formidable testament to just how
hard Indian Kuei-jin play the game and for how long. I'm sure
local agents of the Courts do try infiltrating these cults, and one
of my Face of the Gods' hosts all but admitted he'd arranged for
thedestruction of a Laughing Rainbow in an arson blaze started
by someone in his personal entourage.

The cults sometimes start as neighborhood affairs, or as
part ofaprofessional circle, butthey invariably develop political
ambitions. Local vampires try cementing their positions by
gaining a foothold in the local power structure. Generally, they
don't have too much trouble. Partisanship and corruption are
widespread, almost as bad as in China, and the dead have a
significant advantage over humans ‘when working their way
into corrupt systems. Once they take hold of the local political
machine, they generally reinforce the cult's position with pork
barrel contracts. You see this at home all the time. It's no
different in India.

Harness Cuj To Bring Djvinjtx Back to
Your Deap Forw

And I saw icy fire spring from my hands.

Al the ‘cranes on the lake fell silent,

and the fire burned bright against the night.

And I was enlightened.
—O, The Celestial Nail
"

AY
WAR

* *

Your body is deformed, As a result of the curse the gods levied
against you, denying you your heritage, you are like a dead thing.
You must bring divinity to this corpse. You must convince those
around you, the gods above you and, most importantly, you must
convince yourself that yow're a god, a sacredness worthy of worship,
love, adoration and fear.

Your.tools in escaping this wretched state are the powers your
body commands. Fueled by blood sacrifice and prayers, you are a
being of great spiritual power. You can warp your body to express
magical effects, influence the spirits and attitudes of those who come
before you and even change the very fabric of the world with your
abilities. Do not hesitate to use this gift and do not stop practicing it,
for your divinity shall be your salvation. You must master the power
within yourself, so that it serves as your spear and shield. When you
use it, it shall always remind you of your godliness.

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity


Caaprer Taree: The Fact or THe Gops

Members of both sects likewise agree that the display of
power is one way to redeem the half-living corpses Heaven
forced them to wear during their existence. While most Kuei-
jin wish to simulate life as a way of teaching themselves life-
lessons, the Dharma actually seeks to experience divinity.
They believe that expending Chi is working miracles, which is
an assertion difficult to argue with, if one defines miracle
broadly enough. From this Dharma's perspective, the Kuei-jin
are deluding themselves, claiming the powers they exercise are
natural phenomenon when, in fact, they are clearly the powers
of divinity, properly harnessed.

Members of this Dharma are generally excellent
practitioners of the Chi Pranas, which were brought to India
well after the Soul Arts and shintais arrived. Members of this
Dharma use the Pranas to foster their divine mantle and to
improve a set of Disciplines they consider miraculous:

Acr Accorpjng To Your Gopiy Vojce

My heart spoke to me,

Telling me of unknown secrets.

It showed me the righteous truth behind a screen of lies.

And I was enlightened.

—O, The Celestial Nail

* * *

You are a god, but do not believe that renders you immune to
guilt. The voices within you are powerful urges; one draws you
toward righteousness, the other toward self-indulgence. Just as you
should not deny your desire for self-indulgence, it should not
overshadow your push toward godly behavior.

rAl
Visir The Heavens

I saw Ten Thousand Divinities,
the spirits of the realms beyond our own,
and I saw in them a kinship.
And Iwas enlightened.
— O, The Celestial Nail
* * *

urge you to venture across the barrier between our world and
the spirit lands. You must study and learn from this place, for this is
your natural domain. Like an exiled prince sneaking back into his
kingdom to plot with loyal troops, so you must likewise learn the
contours of Heaven and the laws of the spirit world. Learn which
spirits youcan deal with, and which will have no truckwith you. Find
allies and sniff out enemies, and you will multiply your chances for
success. There will be a day when you find this lore useful.

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

Visit the Heavens to remember what you've lost. This
Dharma's members are drawn to the spirit world for the same
reason Thrashing Dragons immerse themselves in life and the
Song of the Shadows submerge themselves in death. It is the
element of their faith... of divinity; throughout the Tapestry
of the Yin and Yang worlds, it is all-encompassing, all-
empowering, and the heart of the Dharma's might. Being near
it, interacting with it, taking part in spiritual congress; these
are all religious experiences fora creature believingitself to be
an exiled divinity. Members of this congress visit Heaven to
increase their spiritual understanding as well as profit from
their dealings with spirits.

Todo otherwise is to beademon, and nota god. Youdo not exist PRACTCE Ryrva AND TRapDjTjoNn TO

in this world only to feel good and indulge your proclivities... you
exist to serve as a deity. It is your heritage and duty as provided to
you by Sita, your first mother and wife of Rama. Even when your
duty grows burdensome and leaves you in despair, remember this.
Even in the utmost extremities, do not forsake your divinity, for you
will spring forth again from your own ashes to live a mortal life anew
and rise once more as a Prince of the Earth. What then do you fear?
Surely you knew pain enough in the tortures of Lord Yama's Realm
when they attempted to wash away memory of your divinity. What
Earthly injury can this world inflict that compares? And without fear
of death or pain, what is left to trouble you?

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

The Dharma's members widely accept this tenet to mean
the Kuei-jin must act according to the precepts of their Godly.
Voice, meaning their Divine Consciousness or Hun. It's an
injunction not to become a demon instead of a god, and it's one
every Dharma vampire seeks to follow. Obviously, not everyone
succeeds. Many fall to their P'o and are destroyed, or simply
become creatures and servants to the Yama Kings.

Shiva-Ohm, however, received his vision of the past
through meditation and transcendental dreaming, while O
meditated avidly. The Red Book of the Iron Bridge was reputedly
inspired by visions experienced during his meditations, as was
(at least. according to the manuscript) his writing of The
Celestial Nail. Thus, vampires of both sects are prone to learning
the Dragon Tear, Chi'uh Muh, to its first level. The gem-like
forehead growth is seen as.a sign of divinity, and the vampires
who possess it treasure and heed its subsequent: prophetic
dreams as a form of divine insight.

EMPOWER YOUR OWN EssENcE

The men abased themselves at my feet,

Chanting again and again, "thou art our god and our protector,"

until blood dripped from their foreheads from the fervor of their
prostrations.

And | was enlightened.

—O, The Celestial Nail

* x *

There is. no god without a religion. There is no god without a
temple and the idolizing masses. I'm sure that in a year or two,
someone will venture by and tell me they follow my faith, and that
they are'the greatest baker in such-and-such a village, and widely
worshiped thereabouts

Thisisfalse. A bakeris not worshiped. The women of the village
do notcome.to his bakery, asking if he would endow their child with
apie. Yet, women commonly bring their children to temple for their
god's blessing, offering their god their children, but trusting in their
hearts that he will not take them. They also know that sometimes the
god may indeed desire theirchild, and this is part of the price they pay
for his blessings.

This is not a matter concerning bakers, or war heroes or even
princes. If you are a god, than act as befits one. Do not exist in mortal
squalor and lesser titles. I enjoin you, do not be the god who claims
divinity, but keeps a bakery as his temple. Your worship is like
paper... do you scribble upon it or pen a note of such eloquence that
even jade weeps for you? Remember, there are no prayers more
potent than ones given.by the faithful pressing themselves into the
floorin adoration, burning offerings and desperate for your approval
and aid, They will not offer such worship to one who only knows how
to scribble, who plays at being a god but has none of the trappings to
foster such faith.

This is the lot of a god. Those who willingly accept meager
surroundings and lack an appreciation for the gravity of their own
ceremony insult both godhead as a practice and those who genuinely
engender proper worship as befits their station. Spare these rogues no
mercy, for they are liars, calling themselves by a faith, but unwilling
to truly pay the price of practice.

— Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

As divinity requires service to the worshipers, it also
demands that the ceremony be a formal one. The relationship.
between the supplicant and god can never be one of someone
simply exchanging words for a good or service. There must be
love born from respect, and the Kuei-jin must receive the
reverent worship befitting a creature of his celestial stature. To
create this veneration, the pomp and stance of adoration must
take place in a formal context. If the Kuei-jin simply rents
himself for service, then he is not a god, but a-prostitute. A
member of the Face of the Gods cannot just make do with being
a popular fixer or adored hero. He must elicit respect and fear.
After all, who will admire the image of godhood when god
himself has little care for his.own demeanor? Ritual and
tradition protects the appearance of godhead by forcing the
worshiper into an unspoken agreement, one that establishes
the rules of conduct and exchange of services.

Commune Writ THe Spyrjts

I sat with the spirits of the region,

and we spoke as equals.
Disposing matter like wasted flesh... acting together in kinship
And I was enlightened.
—O, The Celestial Nail

* * *

Never forget, you are not simply studying Heaven. This is not
knowledge for its own sake. You are learning to become a god. You
‘meet with spirits to understand their ways and to establish relationships
for the day you soar to your proper station. You must know the
inhabitants of these domains as well as the world's nature itself.

Learn the habits, personalities and demands of the spirits, for
they are the same as any other important person or city official —they
control access to what matters to-you, those things for which you
must negotiate or beg. For now, do not instruct or judge how this is
done, or that is wrong. Youare a young and small god: Do not anger
the older gods around you by judging their actions. I admit some
spirits are thoroughly corrupt.

Certainly, when you are a great god, you can exert your
influence, but, you ate still an infant, and you should dream only of
protecting your village and ensuring its inhabitants come to no harm..
Later, you may rise toa position where you sit as judge on these spirit
beings, but doing so now is simply foolish. You will only emphasize
your weakness and inability to enforce your demands as well as
informing them of your bad intentions in advance.

—Shiva-Ohm, The Practice of Divinity

Learning lessons isn't the only reason members of this
Dharma visit the Heavens. Vampires of this sect see themselves
as exiled divinities. They interact with spirits and the spirit
world for two reasons. One is as a deity talking to fellow gods.
In the Indian subcontinent or in exile abroad, these vampires
frequently intervene in local spiritual affairs in the name of the
general good or for the benefit of their cult. This isn't possible
in China and other mainstream Kuei-jin cultural bastions,
however, because the local spirits can report the matter (or
gossip about it) to Quincunx observers. In India, this is hardly
the case since the Quincunx's regional agents are too
outmatched to capitalize on such information.

Heresies oF THe Way

As for the Dharma's claims they have grievances with
Heaven, many spirits make similar statements (and even more
outrageous declarations). Thus, spirit world entities are generally
willingto deal reasonably with the strangest of beings, provided
they have something the spirits want and are strong enough to
stop the spirits from taking it.

To the Dharma, however, such alliances are to build up an
army of celestial warriors in their campaign to reclaim their
place in Heaven... even if the spirits don't realize they're being
conscripted.

ExjsTENCcE

In India, the night-to-night existence of Dharma members
ismuch the same as those for Cainitesand Cathayans anywhere
else. There are three primary concerns — securing food,
developing personal assets and'developing their contacts —
and they pursue these goals in the same fashion as vampires in
any other region.

The primary difference is that rather than following their
personal goalsas individuals, Face of the Gods Kuei-jin do so as
the leaders ofsmall, tight-knitpolitical organizations... namely,
their cults. This facilitates development of certain financial
and political interests, but makes it more difficult to pursue
personal or spiritual development. In this capacity, they are
more like Western vampires, who are far less mobile than their
Cathayan cousins (by choice), and prone to using their addictive
blood to form cults similar to those of the Celestial Tribe.

Excerpt from a confidential report to the Bodhisattva No-
Shadow Raven from heimin observer Twice-Seeded Blossom.

The Dharma's actual practice is somewhat prosaic. They
form cooperative societies for self-protection, but the individual
pursuit of their Dharma is very central to their faith. There are
personal associations, but they aren't for the purpose of spiritual
advancement. They are more an attempt to manipulate local
institutions that might persecute these Kuei-jin, a process
seemingly involving loyal members of the cult infiltrating the
group. The methods may range from bribing local goondas or
thugs to provide an introduction into these organizations, or
bringing someone important into the cult's fold. The Face of
the Gods are savvy enough to use everything at their disposal,
from bribes, to coercion, to divine manifestation. They also
negotiate collectively with other supernatural forces. They
nominally enforce justice, which is as perfunctory as any other
Kuei-jin justice — strictly concerned with dangers to the
community (and thus, feeding stock), with no worries at all
about mortal law.

Teacnjng

The Indian members of this Dharma learn much like Kuei-
jin elsewhere: Groups of experienced vampires search out and
catch newly risen chih-mei. This is a very important act for
members of the Dharma, because of their conflict with the
Thrashing Dragons. The Celestial Tribe not only loses the chih-
mei they overlooked, but strengthens the Quincunx with the
new recruit who will undoubtedly fight the Celestial Tribe;
they're also almost impossible to covert. They must be destroyed
and sent back across the Wheel of Reincarnation.

Once broken and festored to sentience, the young Kuei-
jin learns from one master acting alone. The Celestial Tribe
feels that teaching is only proper if conducted by a solitary
voice; so, for the next five years, the initiate remains under one
Kuei-jin who serves as the source ofall the student's wisdom. In

Chapter Tarel

general, the Face of the Gods disburses responsibility of raising
young vampires to individuals of appropriate age. Some Kuei-
jin, however, are "natural gurus," and see more than their fair
share of disciples, while other community members with no
interest in educating new gods may pass the right of education
off to a willing party.

For the first five years of their existence, initiates are
almost completely sheltered from the outside world. Theit
teachers educate them in basic matters, and feed them from the
master's inner circle of worshipers. It's only after two years that
a student gains his first worshiper (usually as a gift from the
master's flock), and during the next three years that he learns,
step by step, how to run a cult, recruit new followers, avoid
police scrutiny and help worshipers rise in the world.

Only after five or more years, when a young Kuei-jin has
astrong-enough cult to support himself, does he leave his guru's
tutelage and set out on his own. Older vampires often help
subsidize the younger vampire's new cult, to help strengthen
the community of gods and their followers. Some Dharma
members, however, foreswear any help and take their own time
establishing their cult. Either is considered acceptable, as long
as the student is well prepared.

The gurus don't encourage young Kuei-jin to rush off.
While the community discourages the forcible detainment of
students, they allow masters to sweeten the pot for initiates to
keep them longer. Such bribes might include extra worshipers
from the master's cult, access to organizational ties or even
financial recompense. The reason the Dharma's Indian-sect
offers such enticements is because they need members at their
strongest before dealing with the world alone. Strong, self
sufficient members make for a stronger Dharma.

Additionally, older masters prize their younger apprentices
because there are some things worshipers cannot do. Most
members of the Celestial Tribe try keeping their mortal followers
relatively ignorant of the supernatural world. Having a young
vampire around proves quite useful when the master needs an
ally or dupe in dealing with the unseen. New Kuei-jinalso help
by providing security, a field where mortals, regardless how
skilled or devoted, are at a significant disadvantage. One-on-
one, mortals can rarely contend against a demon or shape-
shifter, even if their fanaticism wills them into action.

Even after the Kuei-jin leaves her guru, the community
expects both to maintain a close relationship. The guru is the
student's primary contact in a society of his peers and elders.
Young Face of the Gods followers can always turn to their guru
for help, whether in fights, financial troubles or to extricate
themselves from legal and political jams.

In exchange, the Dharma expects the Kuei-jin to look
after her guru's interests, show her guru's teachings respect —
even if she surpasses him — and defend the guru in battle if
necessary. In general, the relationship is one of a doting
parent for a beloved child. The guru might be smothering or
spoiling, kind or harsh, but she must never be superficially
neglectfulIt doesn't mean it doesn't happen; only that the
Dharma supervises the student-master relationship with
random checks and interrogations.

There is no "final test" akin to the Fire and Water test, and
no period of group education, If the Kuei-jin cannot liberate
himself from the chih-mei state, then after three ot four relapses,
his guru destroys him. Likewise, if the Kuei-jin is antisocial or
dangerous, then the community simply isolates the vampire in
his time of need, and the problem solves itself. It isn't as
efficient as the regulated world of Quincunx politics, but then

‘The Face or tHe Gops

again, the Face of the Gods believes it doesn't breed the same
vast and ruthless political games either.

Excerpt from a confidential report to the Bodhisattva No-
Shadow Raven from heimin observer Twice-Seeded Blossom.

Ofcourse, they collect chih-meifor training. This isa major
part of their faith, and one of the most dangerous acts they
undertake. While the Celestial Tribe (as they're known in
India) and the Laughing Rainbows of the Infinite Thunders
Court do occasionally collide over other matters, gathering
chih-mei is often the catalyst for the majority of their conflicts.
Chih-mei are a resource shared by both undead cultures, but
once indoctrinated in one faith, they remain entrenched in
that world-view and rarely switch to rival Dharma. Because
both sides are in a state of war, they often develop strong and
embittered outlooks on one another. This means early
recruitment is crucial in both Dharmas' ongoing attempts to
obliterate the other out of existence.

There are regular skirmishes over control of flesh-eaters.
witnessed one battle, and it was surprisingly fierce. Naturally,
everyone was heavily armed for securing the chih-mei, and
almost everyone had an automatic weapon of some sort. There
are few battles fought using supernatural attacks because
firefights are quicker and more mobile, but it happens, and the
Little Death is to be expected. Machine gun fire raked our car
while we idled on the roadside, discussing the next move in the
hunt. The heretics with me returned fire, and there was a short
skirmish while we escaped on foot. Everyone suffered a gunshot
injury of some sort, and one of the Thrashing Dragons had
definitely taken the Little Death.

I believe both sects cover up this and other conflicts by
using loyal elements of the local security forces to clean the
scene. These mortals normally secure and collect evidence at
the sites of terror attacks, but during Kuei-jin skirmishes, they
subsequently deny the incident's existence. Everyone assumes
they're covering up death squads and antiterrorist actions. All
pretty standard stuff— the penangallans do the same thing with
Indonesia's army.

Duarnjc ApvANCEMENT

As the heretic grows in experience and wisdom, their
guru's lessons and practical experiences become less effective
in helping the Kuei-jin grow spiritually. By the time they
become jina, it's unlikely a vampire's guru will have any advice
that's immediately informative or insightful to the young
vampire. Everything else is either a lesson the vampire must
survive tolearn, or else, the master is simply not high enough
in Dharma to teach the Discipline.

Additionally, for whatever reason, the Dharma's members
seem to have problems with spiritual advancement. Many
members reach rank 6, and some even 7, but none have
progressed higher than that spiritually since Shiva-Ohm
went into occultation. That was before the Christian era,
leaving members of the faith to seek many novel means to
increase their Dharma. There is currently an intellectual
movement towards large cults, and towards the refinement of
Prayer-Eating. Previous fads for increasing one's understanding
of Dharma existed in extreme secrecy, at the center of mystery
cults and enigma societies (seeking to emulate Shiva-Ohm's
presumably exemplary occultation). Others have spent
significant time studying the spirit world, or developing
elaborate ritual ceremonies, or meditating for months on the
nature of their state. None have yet brought anyone close to
the state of bodhisattva.


74

The sect seems in many ways to lack focus. Individuals
band together locally to meet threats and group needs, and the
fellowship from the student-guru relationship gives. the
practitioners asense they are part of a shared practice and faith,
a "tribe" as it were. Unfortunately, the tribe has no chief, and
no concrete goal. At least, no concrete goal in the short term.

TRUE. ENLjGHTENMENT.

In the long term, there is one goal sought after by most of
the Dharma's members... true enlightenment. Yet, this concept
of enlightenment is one seemingly foreign to the Dharma prior
to the arrival of the Thrashing Dragons. It was only then, after
contact with its venerable mandarins, that the degree to which
Kuei-jin gained power from spiritual advancement became
clear to the Face of the Gods. Indeed, even this Dharma's term.
for this spiritual pinnacle, jen, is a Chinese borrowed-word
denoting "excellence" or "culture."

Prior to the arrival of the Chinese, the sect's goals were
more political than spiritual, in that they.sought power to
mount a campaign against Heaven. No commanding leaders or
particularly good plans emerged prior to the arrival of the
Chinese; with the appearance of the Thrashing Dragons,
however, the Dharma realized its first goal — they must
develop a bodhisattva.

This realization was in part a reaction to the rejection they
received from the Thrashing Dragons. Centuries before O had
written any heretical texts and almost as long before the rise of
the Quincunx, the Chinese sect had firmly told the Celestial
Tribe: No bodhisattva, no validity. Without adherence to
Xue's teachings or knowledge of the Ki Chuan, the Thrashing
Dragons would not accept the legitimacy of this faith until they
sawa bodhisattva (occulted holy men weren'tgoing to convince
them of anything). Thus, not only was there a political payout
if the Face of the Gods produced a bodhisattva (a concept
unknown to them previously), but a military one as well.

There weren't many elder Thrashing Dragons, but they
were powerful and they did deliberately exaggerate their
true strength. While the Celestial Tribe didn't need more
spiritually advanced vampires to fight the Thrashing Dragons,
itbecame something of an obsession that spiritually advanced
vampires would help in the battle to-reclaim Heaven: In
many ways, this philosophy is not unlike that espoused by
the Searing Wind sect of the Devil-Tigers, and it is possible
that "Grand Arhat" Hon Li, had some contact with the Face
of the Gods when it was in its military. phase (see Dharma
Book Devil-Tigers).

During this period, members of the Celestial Tribe locked
themselves into rigorous spiritual training, and created a
martial atmosphere within the cults. They honed their
worshipers for war, only to discover their newfound practices
were either prohibitive of spiritual devélopment, or, unrelated
to it. No bodhisattvas emerged, but the practices drew the
blades of Persian, Hindu and, eventually, Muslim vampire
hunters; finally, the war-cult leaders drifted out of existence.
A few still remain around the periphery of the subcontinent,
living as warlords in the mountainous regions and generally
marginalizing themselves from their own society. Many of
these disaffected vampires are the ones attracting Middle
Kingdom akuma and teaching them the Dharma's limited
scope of enlightenment.

The remaining culture focuses on the belief that
increasing spiritual power is esoterically and somehow
necessary to reclaiming the Dharma's place in Heaven.

Heresies oF THe Way

When a bodhisattva comes to the faith, he'll possess the
secret knowledge required to confront those who expelled
the-Celestial Tribe, or else redeem a place long vacant.
Until that time, everyone must stand in readiness and
pursue spiritual development as rapidly as possible.

Tt seems this may be working... somewhat. The' Dharma
has only pursued this spiritual push (sans the military angle) for
less than 500. years, and there are already several elders at
ancestor status (Dharma 7), waiting to accumulate enough
‘Spiritual-power to advance to the next rank of their faith.

Ivshould benoted that the Celestial Tribe has no real sense
of an imminent eschatological event awaiting it. There is no
teal feeling the world will end soon, or that a great battle is
coming. Obviously, shen politics in the subcontinent are
especially tense currently, given the Eye of the Demon Emperor
Incident, but members of this Dharma don't believe that the
universe is about to collapse.

Excerpt from a confidential report to the Bodhisattva No-
Shadow Raven from heimin observer Twice-Seeded Blossom.

+..something already being practiced, and of course, nobody
knows where Shiva-Ohm is. He's been in occultation from the
time Greeks were in the Five Rivers. I think he probably got his
ticket punched or flamed out somewhere private.

Nobody but Shiva-Ohm is said to have made it to true
enlightenment on the path, but there are several Kuei-ji
até quite spiritually advanced. Some of them are still around,
but [couldn't arrange an interview.

As an aside, I'm told Indra-gha, God of Rain and Tears
would like to speak personally with my superiors. I think she's
hoping to speak with the Quincunx's Ancestor, but I'm sure
she'd see you as well. I have her secretary's telephone number.
I don't know if she's a god, but she has some formidable people
showing her deep respect. I'm sure you've already thought of it,
but she's. spent some time thinking about killing gods. Maybe
she's learned something useful to us? Maybe she, or someone
like her, isthe instrument the Yama Kings will use to assassinate
the August Personage? Either way, I'd like to reiterate that I
think this merits attention.

AriTUDES

In' many things, the members of the Face of the Gods
heresy are similar to their more orthodox cousins. Regardless
of location, vampires generally have strained relationships
with the other shen sharing their habitat. Yet there are some
matters where the Celestial Tribe makes a concerted effort to
foster treaties or alliances with regional spirits and
shapeshifters, if only because it advances "the big picture" of
recapturing their place in Heaven. To do that, however, they
needallies, especially ones well versed with the spirit domains.
So they forge and respect territorial treaties and non-aggression
pacts in the hopes of turning a cease-fire into a genuine
alliance of mutual interest.

This exceptional attitude, however, doesn't really apply
to those heretics hiding in the folds of the Quincunx's robes.
Members who practice their Dharma directly from the pages
of The Celestial Nail likely have relatively mainstream views
for whatever their Dharma-used to be, before they fell to the
lure of finding a bodhisattva. It is unlikely that converted
Quincunx Kuei-jin will see themselves in the role of
bodhisattvas, or accept the unique outlook of their Indian
brethren as regards other shen.


Cnaprer Taree: The Fact or THe Gops

Qujncunx CaTHayans

The attitude of Chinese akuma towards their Quincunx
peers is a combination of contempt, hatred, and terror. The
contempt is for those vampires, and their elders, who labor
intensively under the tyranny of their beliefs, without ever
wondering if they're correct. To the heretics, these beliefs are
obviously wrong and enslaving. Of course, some of that contempt
is doubtless directed back at the heretic for the Cathayan he
once was, making that anger all the sharper. The hatred and
terror is derived from the fact that the regime they once
advocated isa terrifying juggernaut of orthodoxy. It is asociety
where every theological argument is scrutinized for signs of
incorrect thinking, asociety designed entirely tocrush heretical
faiths like the Face of the Gods.

As a dissenting voice in a society that barely tolerates
dissension of any type or discussion of their culture's
underpinning theological assertions, heretics almost invariably
become embittered. Even those fleeing this environment know
their ancient culture is so inflexible, there's no way they can.
disseminate their true and urgent message of Heaven's betrayal.

Members of the Celestial Tribe, however, havea different
outlook concerning their Cathayan neighbors. For hundreds
of years, the Thrashing Dragon barraged them with
propaganda: their faith isn't complete without a bodhisattva;
they're unrighteous, they're puppets of the Demon Emperor
and should renounce their faith before the Quincunx. The
Middle Kingdom's Cathayans are clearly more spiritually
sophisticated, more individually powerful and more organized
than the Celestial Tribe.

Yet at the same time, the Cathayans are clearly wrong.
They throw theirmight and spiritual authority around carelessly,
earning few friends in the process, and they act like dupes of a
jealous or fearful Heaven. They will not even consider the
possibility their own faith is flawed while, at the same time,
insisting that members of the Celestial Tribe indulge in deep
introspection before converting en masse. Finally, they murder
and disgrace one another over convoluted and incomprehensible
internal religious conflicts, but deny suffering from internecine
friction before casually mentioning a long string of religious
policing forces who examine each vampire's nightly existence
for signs of heresy.

This places the average members of the Celestial Tribe in
aslight conundrum. They desperately want to understand what
secrets the Thrashing, Dragons (among others). possess, yet
want nothing to do with the Quincunx's faiths or practices,
where so many of those secrets are inextricably bound. Still, the
Celestial Tribe and Gods eagerly seek out Cathayan books and
texts, and happily pay-exorbitantly for them... kaja texts
especially.

Kaja has proven a stumbling block for the Celestial Tribe
in learning from their more spiritually sophisticated neighbors.
Although there have been a few defectors or agents learned in.
its secrets, the Indian Kuei-jin never had a good guide to kaja
made available to them. This elegant Court language, with its
complex syntax and elaborate calligraphic system, hides many
secrets. Vampires-of the Indian subcontinent have purchased
or stolen these texts, but unfortunately, only a half-dozen of
them read kaja. Even then, none of them possess the combination
of skills, time and knowledge to write a calligraphic guidebook,
‘an ideogrammatic phrase book, a dictionary and a grammar
book, all of which are necessary to read kaja. In essence, theyare
made mules by their own knowledge, unable to teach others
and propagate their acumen.

75

The fact that local Quincunx vampires encourage this and
go out of their way to kill any heretic they know to read or speak
kaja.only adds to the frustration. Anyone daring and-lucky
enough to bring knowledge of the Kuei-jin Court language to
the Celestial Tribe will definitely receive high regard. The
existing akuma who already read kaja, however, might protect
their monopoly with murderous intent.

Duampyrs

The Face of the Gods has few real objections to creating
dhampyrs. This Dharma's members are gods, so of course, they
may choose to have heroic offspring. What is rare, however, is
permanent Yang imbalance. Most members of the Celestial
Tribe try to moderate their internalalchemy, keeping theit Chi
virtues evenly balanced. This means without the fertility
treatments and rituals that are unknown in their culture, they
cannot generally produce half-damned offspring.

Those who can breed, usually derive the most mileage
possible out of their offspring. Many raise theit own child in
a religious environment, weaning the dhampyr on stories
concerning its role as the mouth of a deity and chosen avatar
of a god, blessed with supernatural powers and destined to be
their parent's champion and representative. This is all true,
at least from the Dharma's perspective, and the children
typically have little chance to disagree. Their parents educate
them from the cradle to fill whatever role they envisioned
for their offspring, be it high priest, enforcer or bookkeeper.
Those whose parents are old (and most Chi-imbalanced
members of the Celestial Tribe are often quite old) are
typically raised to be soul-bonded into service. These beings
can do little save what their radiant godlike masters permit.
They are, in many ways, truly their parents' avatars. The
Quincunx even believes these akuma possess rituals or
Disciplines that allow the Celestial Tribe's ancestors to
directly control their shade-walker children as puppets and
extensions of themselves.

Cajnjtes

Cainites have always been a problem in the Indian
subcontinent. Since prehistory, the Ravnos Clan proved a
vexing menace for the Face of the Gods. Until recently,
Dharmasaw themas distinctly separate beings from the Gangrel,
who accompanied successive waves of barbarian raiders, and
the Western Cainites (like the Toreador and Lasombra), who
came with the Arabs.and developed their own hives in the
continent's great metropolises.

Inall cases, however, Cainites are most unwelcome. Their
propensity to reproduce in comparatively large numbers makes
them yery dangerous, as does their extreme physical prowess
andability to completely bend the minds of those around them.
The average member of this Dharma has a very large herd, and
so does not compete with the Western vampire in the same way
as local Thrashing Dragons (whoare, in most places, constantly
at war for hunting grounds).

Where the competition between East and West lies is in
the infiltration and subversion of the state and various non-
state actors. Western vampires are always trying to invade the
heretics' cults, and there are only so many, officials capable of
being subverted. The shoving territorial matches between
members of this heresy and Western Cainites are often quite
violent —as violent as the battles between members of the
Celestial Tribeand the Thrashing Dragons over the possession
of promising flesh-eaters.

Heresies oF Tue Way

Generally, the Dharma views Cainites as savage, bestial
monsters, prone to explosive infestation where left unchecked,
and always waiting to profit from a moment's carelessness.
Individuals may escape this stereotype, but the context of
interaction— lethal fights between supernatural beings —
rarely allows for the development of friendships.

Spjnjts

Spirits are an important part of existence for members of
the Celestial Tribe. Afterall, two of their eight tenets specifically
involve spirits and the'celestial realm. In most cases, members
of this Dharma negotiate with the spirits as honored equals, an
approach with varying degrees of success. In India, where this
has been the case since before recorded history, the spirits
assent to it. Indeed, most spirits created since the dawn of
annotated time do not exist-in a world where the Celestial
Tribe is anything but an eccentric society of blood-drinking
exiles seeking entrance into a Heaven most spirits neither
heard of nor wish to visit. Those older than recorded history are
either no longer willing to discuss the matter or too powerful to.
pay the slightest heed.

Otner HEREsjes

Ofall the heretical Dharmas, the Face of the Gods shares
the most in common with the Spirit of the Living Earth.
While both believe the other has fallen just short of their true
potential, they admire one another's skill when dealing with
spirits. In fact, the Celestial Tribe often seek out the Cerulean
Veils asintermediaries when dealing with particularly stubborn
spirits, or teachers when trying to learn more about the
Heavens. This has forged an unspoken alliance of mutual
respect between the two heresies, which could grow
troublesome for the Quincunx (who prefers its heresies
scattered and divided).

Unfortunately, the Dharma shares little with the Flame of
the Rising Phoenix. The Phoenixes only deserve pity, for the
lie of Heaven.is so complete upon them that they aspire to be
mere mortals. How sad, for even the other Dharmas recognize
some greatness within themselves, The Tempests, however,
are too enraptured with physical sensations and experiences to
ever scale upward. They seem content to simply spin around
and around, like ignorant mutts chasing their own tails. Masters
of noné, indeed.

The Scorpion Eaters are currently an issue for the Middle
Kingdom's Kuei-jin, and not a matter to concern the Celestial
Tribe. Certainly, when the time comes to vanquish their Earth-
bound foes (after entering Heaven), the Scorpion Eaters shall
be the first to fall. They are too enamored with their undead
state to be saved in this incarnation. Until destroyed, however,
they are like children with AK47s... dangerous and the
Quineunx's problem.

SYSTEMS
DjscjPLjnes

Members of the Face of the Gods heresy have one signature
Discipline, which almost every one of them practices... Prayer-
eating. This strange and powerful Discipline is at the center of
both The Practice of Divinity and The Celestial Nail.

In India, these are not the only Disciplines-that sect
vampires master. These akuma practice all the primary
Disciplines of the Middle Kingdom, though the shintais are
relatively recent imports. Introduced by Chinese scripture:


Cuaprer Tiree: The Fact oF THE

pilgrims, the shintais are nominally practiced, so it's rare to find
members of the Face of the Gods who master them to elder
levels. These Kuei-jin eschew the shintais — they learn the
basics of the "god body" techniques, but few progress to advanced
mastery, because they believe the shintais to be disfiguring and
exploitive of their bodies' undead nature.

Soul Disciplines are an overwhelming favorite among
vampires belonging to this Dharma. Face of the Gods members
must manage a cult, meaning a sophisticated and devout
political structure. Powers allowing them control over their
inner turmoil and that of othersare extremely useful. Obviously,
Obligation is the most popular of these Disciplines, though
Chi'uh Muh and Internalize are equally well regarded— the
Dragon-Tear especially, since the ram-like Rasa eye is a mark
of insight. Cultivation has a certain popularity among sect
vampires, some of whom are rumored to have mastered the
power to send their P'o into a living worshiper, turning them
intoan engine of destruction under the control of the vampire's
lower soul. No proof of this claim, however, has yet surfaced.

Following closely behind are the Chi Disciplines, especially
the relatively new Chi Pranas. The Dharma's members practice
the latter Disciplines to lend "divinity" to the vampire's form,
since the sect's akuma believe the postures and mudras lend
supernatural grace.

In China, beyond knowledge of the Dharma's signature
Discipline, there is no single unifying thread linking the
vampires of this Dharma in terms of practices. Many learn
Qultivation because they have nothing else to learn or are
immensely self-destructive, so it seems useful. Others focus on
shintais (thus further alienating them from India's Celestial
Tribe), which are generally more useful for personal survival.

Praver-EaTing

The Face of the Gods are the primary practitioners of this
heretical Discipline, which survives despite proscription in
civilized regions of Kuei-jin society — thanks to the Dharma's
widespread pursuit in the frontiers of the Infinite Thunders
Court. While Prayer-Eating remains mostly the purview of
this Dharma, its practice is not exclusive to them. Penangallans
of the Passion Bloodflower Thrashing Dragon sect and the
Brilliant Coals Devil-Tiger sect often develop this Discipline
as well. While cults for these powerful Wan Kuei do not
typically involve many mortal worshipers, penangallans with
mortal cults often cultivate this Discipline to better profit
from and manage their followers.

Admittedly, this knowledge is theoretically banned in the.
Scarlet Courts, but the relative autonomy of the penangallans
and their willingness to transact foreign policy on an individual
basis means there is no real mechanism outside of social
pressure to stop the spread of Prayer-Eating. Of course,
penangallans are Dharmically advanced Kuei-jin witha genuine
sense of spiritual responsibility, so social pressure in the Scarlet
Courts can often involve ambushes and blood feuds. Because of
this, this Discipline's knowledge is not so widespread as the
panic-stricken mandarins of the Quincunx (eager to write the
penangallans off as sluts and straw dogs) pretend.

Inthe formal categories developed by conventional Kuei-
jin to quantify their spiritual powers, Prayer-Eating lies
somewhere between Chi Disciplines and Soul Disciplines.
Unlike: most Soul Disciplines, however, both Kuei-jin in
shadow soul or those using Demon Shintai form may use
Prayer-Eating. This makes it very powerful... and very
dangerous for vampires whose P'os will exploit or destroy
their cults if they slip into shadow soul.

7

Prayer-Eating operates on the principle that a god is
connected to her worshipers. Through the development of
this Discipline, the Kuei-jin learns to extend her spiritual
influence into those who pay her homage. Among those
Quincunx Cathayans permitted to review such blasphemous
teachings, largely bodhisattvas and elder mandarin-
magicians, there is a long-running debate on the source of
the Discipline's power.

Some scholars maintain this hubris-born art harnesses
power that is mostly divine prerogative. They argue that
akuma derived this Discipline from the study and spiritual
vivisection of the hsien, and the ability to derive golden Chi
from Prayer-Eating seems to support this. Others say the
Discipline is in no way divine or special, and instead, simply
manifests a soul-touching effect like Obligation, only it's
centered on beings willingly making a connection with the
vampire through the channel of "worship." The fact that the
study of this proscribed art is entirely academic makes
discussion ponderous, and more rooted in the ideologies of
the Wan Kuei discussing it than the actual spiritual realities
of the art. These origins remain largely unexplored by the
Discipline's traditional practitioners, who learn it as an
established craft, not an academic pursuit.

© Hear Prayers

This power allows the Kuei-jin to relax and listen to the
sounds of prayers as they leave the lips of their worshipers. This
enables the vampire to monitor its followers, of course, hearing
their supplications and desiresno matter how faintly whispered.
Face of the Gods members can also use it to hear messages from
imprisoned followers, so longas the supplicant's message is part
of a sincere prayer.

System: The vampire must relax, making a Stamina +
Meditation roll (difficulty 6) to reach the appropriate state for
reception. He may then hear prayers over a number of miles
equal to the appropriate Soul Virtue. The Hun receives those
prayers for positive or constructive results, while the P'o detects
negative or destructive wishes.

This power only allows the vampire to listen to prayers,
and only prayers specifically intended for them.

o¢ Prayer Apprajsal

The Kuei-jin meets the target's gaze, and within her eyes
sees her prayers and desires. This power forms the foundation
of many Face of the Gods cults. Similar to Cultivation's
Scrutinize and Obligation's Soul Bridge, this more limited art
has-no effect on anybody except those willingly offering
prayers to the Kuei-jin. These prayers must be offered
voluntarily, regularly ‘and sincerely. This last part is very
important. If the worshiper does not genuinely acknowledge
the Kuei-jin as a supernatural being capable of exercising
miraculous guidance over his life and worthy of deep respect,
this power will not work. This limitation can be quite useful,
allowing the Kuei-jin to monitor their inner congregations
and weed out those not truly faithful.

This power works across the Wall, and many followers of
the Face of the Gods traverse the Yin and Yang, staring into
the eyes of their followers and reading their inner thoughts
and prayers.

System: The character makes a Perception + Empathy
roll, with a difficulty equal to the target's Willpower if they
are not actively involved in devotions when read. If they
are actively praying to the Kuei-jin when appraised, the
spiritual vulnerability of prayer makes the target very easy

78

to read. In this case, the difficulty is the lower of two
values; either 4 or the target's Willpower. Note that the
prayers revealed are only those directed at the god himself,
and may not reveal thosé wishes the supplicant hides
because they seem trivial or he-knows are immoral by the
deity's standards. Sometimes, however, even those darkest
secrets stand naked before the god.

One Success - The vampire knows if the targets sincerely:
praying and what general result they hope for, like "] want my
grandmother to live."

Two Successes - As per One Success, but the Wan Kuei
also knows why the target is praying, as in "I want my
grandmother to live so I can get into her will."

Three Successes - As per the first two, but the vampire
learns of the target's prayers over the last month, complete with
the reasons for those prayers. The Kuei-jin also gains an
understanding of the target equal to that of a Two-Successes
Evaluate roll, learning the supplicant's true name, her Demeanor
and some general personal history.

Four Successes - In addition to the catalog of recent
prayers, the vampire determines the target's Willpower score,
Nature, any Blood or Spirit-Bonds, most of their personal
history, their current thoughts and feelings, and any long-term
plans. The Kuei-jin.can tell if the target has ever lied to him,
and what generally those lies entail.

Five+ Successes - The target's soul is an open book to the
vampire. All his hopes, dreams, thoughts and memories are at
the Wan Kuei's command, even those that have been edited or
suppressed. The vampire learns the identity of anyone who has
a Blood or Spirit Bond to the target, even if the target doesn't
know they are bonded.

eee FULFLL PRAYER

Among Indian followers of the Dharma, there is a saying
claiming there are two arts to becoming a god. One is making
your worshipers truly believe and pray to you. The other is
making those prayers as similar to your own goals as possible, so
that when you grant your supplicant's entreaties, your own
wishes are fulfilled.

Through this power, the vampire manipulates fortune so a
prayerwill likely come true. Thisisa minor miracle, and cannot
taise the dead or manufacture fictional things. Itisnotso grand.
Ivis simply a significant chance that, in matters relating to the
prayer, the target will experience good fortune. This simple
power will not cure a potent wasting disease like cancer or
AIDS, but a worshiper might, for example, find his cancer or
syndrome in remission for years, or perhaps, just until after his
son's birthday, if his prayer was small. Obviously, the smaller
the prayer, the likelier the tiny miracle can make ithappen. Of
course, many small miracles can‘add up toa great effect.

That said, the akuma using this power to help further his
own agendas (like fulfilling a supplicant's desire for promotion,
knowing he, in turn, can bring more cult members into the
supplicant's organization), also benefits from good fortune.
Pursuing a mutual goal concurrently helps both the god and
mortal in this case.

While this power may seem miraculous, some skeptical
mandarins have observed it is no more than a particularly
intricate and powerful form of joss-manipulation, not some
wholesale reshaping of reality. Prayers cannot be fulfilled by
something appearing from nothing or through gross violation
of reality's laws.

Heresies oF THe Way

System: The vampire must spend a point of Chiand make
aPerception + Crafts (Chi-shaping) roll with a difficulty equal
to.the-local Wall rating. If the roll is successful, the target
experiences extreme good fortune when pursuing the prayer's
goals. The more successes, the closer this power fulfills the
prayer to the letter. A prayer for more money, for example,
might net the supplicant some finances with one or two
successes, or the entire amount at three or four successes
(obviously depending on the amount desired).

The effect lasts a number of days equal to the vampire's
Dharma rating. If there's no way the god can concurrently
pursue any relevant goals actively, then there's still a very good
chance the worshiper will experience good fortune relating to
the question. If the character goes into harm's way while trying
to fulfill the prayer (or his own actions relating to the prayer),
then both god and supplicant enjoy the benefits of good joss, as
extended by the Tapestry power, Chi-Shaping. At the very
least, the god becomes beneficiary of outlandish fortune, which
treats all botches as simple failures and allows for rerolls of all
10s, as if an applicable specialty was involved. Obviously, this
only appliesso longas the worshiperis trying to fulfill the prayer
as well (in other words, the worshiper can't sit around, waiting
for the prayer to come true; he must seek answers/solutions for
the good fortune to find him).

The prayer must be one issued to the vampire made within
the past week. The Kuei-jin cannot grant prayers ina monkey's
paw sort of way. Generally speaking, if your god gives you good
fortune, then you genuinely receive good fortune. Of course, it
could be good fortune at a misdeed, like murdering the target's
wife, if the P'o grants it. Vampires cannot use this power on
themselves or each other; it only works on individuals who
sincerely believe in the vampire as a god and accept her as
protector and spiritual lord.

+ oe + Praver-Earing

This is the power that so often makes the Face of the Gods
seem twisted.and vile in the eyes of outside Kuei-jin. When
appearing before a congregation of worshipers who believe in
and worship the vampire, the Kuei-jin can literally catch their
prayers on its hands and eat them, refining them into Chi-like
sustenance. The entreaties collect on the vampire's hands asa
thick, honey-like substance, which itthen consumes before the
worshipers. Generally, Celestial Tribe members find the
drinking of blood offered in sacrifice to be distasteful and the
mark of low station. Most try mastering Prayer-Eating to this
level as quickly as possible.

System: The vampire must officiate or otherwise take a
central part in the ceremony dedicated in its own honor and
attended solely by loyal worshipers, The presence of a single
doubting heart will ruin the prayers and render the service
useless for sustenance.

‘Atthe height of the liturgy, the player spendsa point of the
character's temporary Willpower and rolls Charisma +
Performance (difficulty 7) to stage-manage the climax. Every
success milks a point of honey-like Chi from the crowd, which
the god must eat quickly before it evaporates (approximately
ten minutes). In theory, the vampire could feed the Chi to
someone else, but it is very clear what is happening when a
ire practices Prayer-Eating. If the congregation sees the
giving their Chito another vampire, it would probably
have a negative effect on their faith — their god is feeding their
prayers to someone else!


Guaprer Taree: Tar Fact oF THe Gons

Yang Chi comes from energetic oraggressive congregations,
while negative or passive congregations weave Yin Chi. The
average gathering provides roughly half of each type of Chi. By
raising the difficulty of the Charisma roll when gathering Chi
by one, however, the vampire may try gathering only one type.
Under other circumstances, the cult may offer all Yin or all
Yang Chi on their own; funerals, for example, generally give all
Yin Chi, while weddings typically give all Yang. Ifthe vampire's
cult were to make an obscene display of self-mutilation and
degradation, the vampire might gain Demon Chi. In this
example's case, the Quincunx claims that powerful akuma
master this Discipline and use it to regain their unholy power
faster with the aid of demonic cults.

A vampire cannot gather more points of Chi than
(worshipers present /10), and supplicants cannot be made to
give thanks more than once a day. If it becomes relevant,
assume a worship service of any sincerity lasts a minimum of an.
hour —it takes at least this long to draw the congregation into
asuitable pitch for worship, and get them going.

eee UNsREAKaBLE Soul=-Bonps

Through this, the vampire can forge a bond between a true
worshiper and herself, allowing her to forever command that
being's unflagging loyalty. No torture or drug can force the
target to divulge the vampire's secrets; ifnecessary, she will bite
off or swallow her own tongue to protect the Kuei-jin's secrets.

19

Likewise, she will never dim in the ardor of her worship, nor
will she ever cease loving the Kuei-jin.as her leader, protector
and incarnate god. é

System: The godling must use this power on someone wh«
isa true, willing and indeed fanatical worshiper of the vampire,
someone from whom the Kuei-jin fed at least 10 times through
Prayer-Eating — blood and even breath will not do. —

This is almost identical to the Soul Shackles power of the
Obligation Discipline, save that it is easier and that the target
must truly worship the vampire for the soul-bonds to take root.
The vampire spends a Willpower point and rolls its Hun + P'o
(difficulty 4). If the vampire rolls three or more successes, the
target is bound permanently and completely to the vampire.
The soul-bondis equivalentto the Spirit Bonds of Soul Shackles,
including its ability to shatter existing blood bonds. The Spirit
Bonds of Soul Shackle, however, cannot undo the unbreakable
soul-bonds of the Prayer-Eating Discipline because the bond is
enacted out ofan already existing and pure devotion to the god.

There is no "partial" or "temporary" result to this power; it
is an all or nothing effect. Successes do "accumulate" between
attempts, however, so if the vampire does not immediately
succeed, he may still roll again later, adding the prior successes
to the new roll as additional dice. There is no limit on how long
the vampire's mark remains on the victim's soul if the bond is
not completed, but the target must willingly participate during
each application of this power, not just the first.


80 Heresies oF tar War

(ATAR OF THE STREETS existing elsewhere, for elsewhere is unknown; you have no
real desire to invade Heaven. This is your kingdom now.
Roleplaying Hints: You exist among the poor, a deity
of the streets. You will protect the weak from the
youth gangs and goondas who terrorized you for
your 12 meager years on this Earth. You claim to
safeguard the frail and honest when brutalizing
various mortal predators, but the truth is, you're
"unleashing your pent-up rage and frustration at
your own demise. Each person you kill always
wears the face of the man who strangled you or the
children who kicked and robbed you. They're all
paying for slights they did not commit against you.
Equipment: Rags, a survival knife stolen off a
goonda's corpse; a pouch with coins that you give to
the truly needy.

Quote: I'understand the poverty crushing your heart. Look
at my feet... ave they not as bare and black as yours? I alone
understand your suffering... Am Inot your God? Do I not
share your pain?

disease-riddled warrens of Calcutta and
Bombay hide millions of the poor and
destitute. This is your home, from the time
you were born in a derelict.and squatter-
filled missionary, to your death at the hands of
a local goonda who murdered you because it
pleased him. You never asked for this bleak
life, squatting next to exposed sewer lines,
begging for enough change to eat

something... anything. You avoided
the youth gangs and eventually
earned money stitching soccer
balls. Certainly, you barely earned
a few coins a day for such
demeaning work, but it.was an.
honest job.

Honesty didn't save your
12-year old neck from being
snapped like a chicken bone,
however. You plummeted to
Yomi; angry... intensely furious,
even. Life was nothing but a tragic
lesson in bitter betrayal. It never
afforded you a chance, a hope to
change your lot and become
something greater than street trash. Your
body now lay in a dark alley, feeding a
swarm of rats. You were chih-mei before
even escaping Yomi, a diminutive beast
who slaughtered the rats looting his
body's meager flesh before killing the
tenants of the alley's adjoining buildings
for ignoring your death cries.

A Celestial Tribe guru found you and
rescued you from chih-mei. He gave your
anger a target, Heaven, and taught you
how to best strike back at them. You
learned from the guru, then left under
cordial circumstances. Since then, you've
become a saint of the streets, manifesting in.
back alley temples and squatter tenements.
Your guru chastises you for not creating-more
austere surroundings where your worshipers may 4
gather to properly administer to you, but you've
done well as an urban messiah, appearing to the
destitute as "one of them." They truly believe that
within you is a god who understands their plight, a
humble divinity who willingly exposes himself to
their hardships. Little do they realize that you can't
be anything but a product of your surroundings... a
lost boy who knows no other world than this one.
Concept: Few gods or mortals understand the
streets as you, but your comprehension comes after years
of brutal hardship. These city's warrens are a home unlike
any other, and you cannot envision dwelling anywhere ['
else, regardless the comforts offered. This has given you a
unique insight into the minds of the local poor and a place
in their hearts for decades to come. Unfortunately, you fear

NATURE: Sukvivok

NAME: AvAtaK of the Stkeets BALANCE: Yii\
PLAYER: PO NATURE: 1:2 Demon DIRECTION: Noxth
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Jv</3¢ Wu:
ATTRBUTES =
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. 0000 Charisma @0000 Perception. e000
Dexterity. @@@@00 Manipulation. 0000 Intelligence e000
| Stamina______@e0000 Appearance___@eeo0oo0od Wits. e@00
~ ABjLTIES - =
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____®@@®000
Athletics_____0 00000
Brawl______®00000
Dodge_____—® 00000
Empathy___@®@e0000
Expression, 000000
Intimidation, 900000
Leadership____ . 00 000
Streetwise. @@@000
Subterfuge___ @ @@®000

Animal Ken. 000000
Crafts, 900000
Drive, 9000000

Etiquette_____ 9000000
Firearms_____ 9000000
Martial Arts___0 00000

Melee______®eo000
Performance___® 00000
Stealth_____®ee000
Survival_____@ee000

ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS
Chiu M
Demon Shintai @00000 Kis ee ee®000
Peavek-Eating @ 00000 000000
_____000000 000000
000000 000000

DHARMA The Face of the Gods/t

HUN
@e@e@eo0000000

WILLPOWER
@eeeeeee0o0o0
(fete J a a a

Po
@@e@ee@eo00000d0d

Qo00g0g00O000
DEMON CHI

Academics____9000000
Computer, 000000
Enigmas. 9000000
Investigation___000000
Linguistics. 000000
Medicine. 900000
Occult, @@@000
Politics_____000000
Rituals_____eee000
Science______000000

@00000 Follows _eeeecd Behold th dst Door

M

SS Tee

HEALTH
Bruised Q
Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
Wounded 22. G)
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated Q

JMBALANCE


82

Goppess oF THE SERVER Room

Quote: As one rises through network layers, the same
process is being performed, but at increasingly high levels of
sophistication. This is similar to spiritual development —you will
rise through the hierarchy of being, but that will not render you
immune to natural functions.

Prelude: You were a bright, young girl, the
promising child of the local village sent to the
regional school with everyone's best wishes.
By the time you finished with regional secondary
school and American baccalaureate and masters'
programs, you were completely alienated from
your home. You were a bisexual, Americanized
information technology professional, and you were
going to teach your country to eat E, raveon ‘and
make custom scripts for purchase traffic
analysis.

You lived a fancy American lifestyle in
New Delhi. Your girlfriend skated to work
on roller blades, and you both listened to.
the latest Pakistani dance music and
American pop. You had DSL and a laptop
while beggars starved on the sidewalk. The
people of your village were so- desperate
they turned their cows loose to fend for
themselves in the drought. You walked
past the newsstand at the airport and
pretended like you didn't see the
disturbing headlines. That's where you
came from, but not what you were.
Nobody had to know you were born from
that.

You were visiting the Kashmiri
Parliament when you died in a terrorist

empty Hell, there to reflect on the errors
ofyour lonely, empty life. When you finally
escaped and returned as a hungry ghost, it

was a relief from the silence that made your
ears bleed and smothered your eyes.

The Celestial Tribe teacher who grabbed
you did it during a running gun battle with
several Thrashing Dragons — lucky you'd
scuttled after a different victim, or you'd have
been a slave of Heaven. After the poignant
reminder from Hell about the importance of
family and culture, you're willing to explore the
Hindi side of your life more. You're slowly
gathering your own cult now, recruiting mostly
from your old IT contacts (many of whom are
currently underemployed and prime' recruiting
material). When the next economic upswing
comes, you'll have your people in position.

Concept: You exist on the cusp of trendy,
and dream of things your peers probably couldn't
even fathom. Fear Factory, Ibiza Raves, Crystal
Meth, the White Party... all trappings of a society
you're desperate to enjoy. Unfortunately, that's
what sent you to Hell in the first place, so, you're
trying to connect with your heritage... give
your existence some purpose. Of course, it's
still hard to escape the neon and latex lure of
the West when you're building a temple
using techno-savvy phreaks like yourself.

Heresies oF THe Way

Roleplaying Hints: Your loving parents brought you
up well, but you lost that somewhere along the way...
probably after deciding you wanted to be Westerner in a
way most Westerners would frown upon. You're improving,
but you're still a fallen god, and your negative voice is
very strong now. It tells you this all sucks compared
to smoking a bong while listening to Juno

Reactor. Unfortunately, your religion says you
must heed this voice, but the stings of Hell are
still too fresh. You're at a turning point.
| Equipment: Work clothes (gitl-suits) and
B® play clothes (raver gear), Mitsubishi sedan, bomb
D) laptop, cell-phones, PDA, cell modem.


NAME: GoddessoftheServexZoom NATURES Lebel

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Monkey
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Visionary
— ATTRIBUTES
‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL
Strength, @@0000 Charisma, @e@@e@000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000
Stamina @@0000 Appearance. @e@0e@000
= ABjLITIES
TALENTS SKILLS

Alertness____e@@®0000
Athletics____®00000
Brawwl_____+_ ®00000
Dodge. ®@00000
Empathy___—®®0000
Expression, @®00000
Intimidation___0 00000
Leadership. 000000
Streetwise_____@e@@000
Subterfuge. @@0000

ok Wis @00000

Animal Ken___000000
Crafts_______9000000
Drive. @00000

Etiquette. 000000
Firearms____ @®@®0000
Martial Arts___0 00000
Meditation, 000000

Melee @00000
Stealth, @00000
Survival_____ 000000

ADVANTAGES
BACKGROUNDS
Followeks __@ ®@0000

BALANCE: ‘Yj
DIRECTION: Sovth
Wu:

Perception,
Intelligence.

Wits. @@@000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics___0 00000
Computer. @@@000
Finance_____®@®0000
Investigation__ © ®0000
Linguistics____®00000
Medicine. 900000
Occult_____9000000
Politics______9000000
Rituals____ee0000
Science_____ 9000000

ITES
Id eis v

Diigieosaee Resources __@ ®@0000 Hakmonious Shielding of the
Peaver-Eating © 00000 Kites __@@@000 Se

000000 000000
000000 9000000
= Ge DHARMA 112 Face of the Gods/t i
Ty HUN Bruised ; Q
| S000 &w @0e20ee@000000 TUE 4G
njure: -
| Wounded 20
; & Walrowms Mauled 20
@ e @eeee080000 Crippled 50
® e ognogoggdgogdndoaoanaa Incapacitated Q
@
Po JMIBALANCE
Roe @@e@e@0000000
QO, 000 5
aaalae ——
XANG CHI nooouooeaa.a


84
Forwer Courr ScHoLaR

Quote: Let's be reasonable here. I haven' t tried converting
anyone and I'm not akuma. Just let me go... you'll never see
me again.

Prelude: You were a good scholar, a
student of socialist literature, an expert
on Chairman Mao's maxims and among
the vanguard of historical revisionists
trying to reveal the truly heroic role of
the Red Guard in the..Cultural
Revolution. It was a lonely life, and you \\
were harsh and abusive to the world around *\\
you. You climbed over people to reach where
you wanted to go and you discarded
relationships when they became inconvenient:
You were an uncompromising ideologue who.
believed that chosen path blessed you with
the same immortality afforded to your heroes
of the revolution. You died choking. to
death. A woman you'd been® seeing was
there when it happened, but she watched
you die with the same indifference you
visited on people before. You passed into
the great~darkness, realizing what a
meaningless display this had all been.

Then came hell, which was just as
meaningless and far more important
to escape from than life. With a
little ingenuity, you fought and
struggled free from one of the
countless hells of grinding
machines and boiling steam, and
returned to the world of the
living. Thousand Whisper chih-
mei trainers caught you and later
brought you into the Resplendent
Crane Dharma, which suited your
ideological tenacity and prudish
temperament well.

You shouldn't have been
looking at those books, you admit.
Your Dharma made you the
assistant custodian of the Court's
library so you ‘could clean and
preserve the texts, not so you
could study them. Your sin?
Reading The Celestial Nail and
realizing it was true. Naturally they
caught you, but you escaped. You're
on the run now, staying one step
ahead of those hunters the
Quincunx put on your trail.
Thankfully, you're small fish, so
it's not likely they sent anyone
too serious to deal with you.

Concept: You lost everything
in life that once guided you, right
down to your' principles, but
some intrinsic habits remain.
You like assuming positions of
power, so The. Celestial Nail
appeals to your inflated sense of
self, especially since the Courts
had you pursuing trivial. work.

Heresies oF THe Way

Unfortunately, before you.can gather a cult, you must
escape from the Quincunx's long arm, and that means
survival takes precedence over every other concern.
Roleplaying Hints: You're a smart guy on the run,
and you play that for all it's worth. Underneath,
you'te still the party climber that just won't quit, and

PNG immersion in Quincunx society hasn't changed that.

You don' thave a cult yet, but
you're making plans.
Equipment: Library
SG budget, 12 texts that seemed
good when you grabbed them
at random, and a Chinese-made
Makarov knock-off.

NATURE: ,!

NAME: Former Court Scholar BALANCE: 2a) anced
‘PLAYER: PO NATURE: Tire Slave DIRECTION: Sot!
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Zeb2] Wu:
= ATTRJBUTES

‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL
Strength. @00000 Charisma @@@000 Perception.
Dexterity. @@@000 Manipulation. e@@e@e@000 Intelligence,
Stamina_______@®@0000 Appearance___. ooo°o Wits,

ABjLITIES - =

TALENT: SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @00000 Animal Ken, 000000 Academics. 000000
Athletics___ 9) 00000 Crafts________0 00000 Computer, @@0000

Brwl_______®00000
Dodge___—® 00000
Empathy____» 9 00000
Expression____0 00000
Intimidation___@®00000
Leadership___®00000
Streetwise_____®00000
Subterfuge___@®@0000

Drive. @00000

Etiquette____ _®00000
Firearms_____@®00000
Martial Arts___e00000
Meditation____@00000

Melee___®00000
Stealth, @00000
Survival. @@0000

Enigmas. 9000000
Investigation. @00000
Law, @00000
Linguistics. @@0000
Occult. @@0000
Politics, @000
Rituals. @@0000
Science. 900000

= ADVANTAGES =
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS
Shi @00000 Contacts __ee0000 Sede ase
Demon Shintai @00000 Réesougces _@® 00000
Peaver-Eating @00000 Kites ___@@0000
— = = 6,0 6.0010 000000
000000 000000
viNon DHARMA The Face of the Gods Loa
Bruised Q
onus HUN B ai
0:0'0'0'0 urt
<S%000 ® ee000 it 1
ALLPO' oundes -
Py ud bil Mauled 2 O
e@ @e@e@aeee000d0 Gaspied 50
@ ppled
@ @ gnnooggdnoogongn Incapacitated
on Po JMBALANCE
gS eee @@e@e@0000000

oOnogoggognoNdoaAaNd


86
Faces or THE Gops

Tue Usurrer Rania

Radha, known to many within the Celestial Tribe
simply as The Usurper, is among the few akuma to steal areal
goddess' name. The Celestial Tribe, however, has had little
luck in dealing with her lack of propriety, especially since it
means contending with her already enormous cult and
proclaiming to mortals that someone within their pantheon
is fallible. Instead, they leave the Usurper to her domains in
Vrindavan... The Gity of Widows.

Radha, once known as Sadina, faithfully committed sati
after her husband's death by drowning herself in the local
river. After she took her Second Breath, however, she
adopted the persona of Radha, firmly believing herself to be
one of Lakshmi's incarnations. (wife of Krishna). She
journeyed to Krishna's birthplace-in Vrindavan, slowly

gathering cult of destitute women who had moved there to
beg Krishna for protection.

When the government later abolished sati, many widows
were forced into exile by theit own families for outliving
their husbands and not taking their own lives. These outcasts
came to Vrindavan by the thousands to live out meager lives
before they died. Radha opened her cult to many of these
cast-off women, creating one of the largest cults in India.

Unfortunately, this also drew Radha into conflict with the
Cainite Ratti-Ben, who also made her home in. Vrindavan.
Both women now regard each other as a bitter rival, and their
battles often claim dozens of mortal widows in a night. Local
Cainites and Kuei-jin have left the area alone, if only to avoid
the two women who move like hurricanes.

Physically, Radha is a beautiful Indian woman, almost
painfully so, who acts and moves with incredible

sensuality. She is naked when she appears and only

Hresjes oF THe Way

gl) = Re ar ER a

manifests in the local river (since Krishna first saw Radha
bathing naked). She uses Prayer-Eating like many of her
kind and fulfils minor wishes as well. She occasionally
drowns willing worshipers while they pray, however,
deriving even greater sustenance and the ability to fulfill
soméone's last wishes.

Hanuman

God and commander-in-chief of the monkey warriors
(according to mythology), this Kuei-jin Hanuman is an
enigma. Some say he's like the Usurper, brazenly assuming
godhood at someone else's expense. Others within the
Celestial Tribe, however, believe he's the source of the
original legend, and may even have been whispering. in
Shiva-Ohm's ears when he penned The Practice of Divinity.

Hanuman, however, isn't saying.

Hanuman looks like a monkey_with yellow fur,.a red
face and a long blazing tail. There'ate even rumors he isn't
human, but in fact a monkey who took the Second Breath.
While unlikely, the fact remains he appears more simian
than mortal, and more divine than simian. He looks like a
monkey king, with beautiful robes and a crown. He's also a
poet, and well-read and well-versed in the ancient sciences.
Many seek his advice, ‘but few can penetrate his jungle
stronghold to find him. Still, rumors of his cults persist, with
some mortal worshipers claiming he holds court in an
abandoned temple overgrown by vines and jungle canopy.
The Celestial Tribe has had little luck, however, finding
this lost shrine.


87

Caaprer Thee: The Face oF THe Gos



CaapTen Four: The Spjrjr oF THe Living Earrit

8?

CNAPTER FOL:
FNE SPIRIT OF
FHE CIVING
EARTH

PRELUDE

Pimiko stood at the river's edge, watching the dark, swirling
waters. She'd been standing there for hours... observing,
learning. The bridge above her head groaned and stretched
into the darkness, carrying speeding cars across to destinations
Pimiko wished she could visit. This was among the few roads
leaving the city on this side, so it remained under the close
supervision of a Quincunx Scarlet Screen. A street gang
reporting to the Devil-Tigers, controlled the paved "turf"
above, taking a cut on any black market traffic using the bridge;
they even collected "protection money" when business was bad
from travelers stupid or unlucky enough to slow down. The
bridge would hardly do if Pimiko needed toslip away unnoticed.

"It would be the water then," she nodded to herself, but
swimming the river was not an enticing prospect. The water
was cold, but that no longer concerned her: Im fact, a cold burst
intense enough to shock her, to draw in her breath in mortal
reflex, would be a welcome surprise. Spiritual cold was abundant
in a vampire's existence, but a real physical chill would be
exquisite, almost like being alive again. Almost.

Pimiko shoved the thought back deep into her brain.
Pining and craving for things long past would only make the
inevitable all the harder —spirits did not care for monsters who
moped. Time was running out. Pimiko might need her escape
route any night now, and this was a vital part of it.

While mortals watched the bridge, they did not guard the
river itself. If Pimiko swam here, the bridge would help hide her
from anyone looking out over the water. If only it were as

simple as it sounded. The current was fast here, and the
concrete pilings supporting the bridge generated a vicious
undertow, one easily strong enough to pull a swimmer under.
She was stronger than before, and untiring, but Pimiko didn't
want to contemplate what would happen if she were stuck here,
mired in the muddy river bottom forever.

As the moon dipped in the. sky, Pimiko finished her
preparations. When it finally disappeared below the horizon, she
flung out a length of white silk into the water and chanted the
syllables of welcome. Her voice echoed and distorted with a
metallic pang under the bridge's belly, and for a moment, Pimiko
panicked — what if the echoes warped her call? She had not taken
that into account. Despite her fears, however, the kami came.

Its body whirled up out of the water, twisting her silk
offering into a robe. Its head took form from foamy sludge; its
eyes were smooth brown stones and its teeth polished bits of
glass. Pimiko bowed low, then clapped her hands twice. The
kami evaluated her with its flat stare, then spoke with the
gurgling voice of a drowning man. "What do you want?"

Pimiko stepped up to the water's edge, letting the ripples lap
ather toes. "Suijin-sama, Iseek safe passage through your domain."

"Why should I grant such a request?"

"{ will perform a rite of offering for you," Pimiko replied.
"Just name what you desire."

The kami spat a stream of foul water on the ground beside
her. "I lack for nothing here." It gestured, and a small, swollen
body surfaced, performing a torpid bobbing dance around the
spirit's cloth feet. "I have delightful things like this child, which
I found for myself. Can you give me anything as grand as this?"

90

Pimiko studied the tiny corpse, brushing away a twinge of
remorse. "If that is what you require, suijin-sama, then that is
what you shall have. Do you wish the child dead or alive?"

The kami twisted and dipped while considering its options.
"No, that is not what I want. They come to reclaim these
baubles back, in time, and they annoy me greatly with their
boats and poles and nets. You may bring me fish, instead. Fish
from the sea. And I like those that have eaten the silvery metal
the best. Prepare it for me here, where I can see, and you will
have your token."

Pimiko bowed and clapped once more. The silk fell to the
water's surface with a slap, then floated away, downstream. She
gathered her things, smiling — the kami's test wasa simple one.
It wished to see how she would carve up the fish while
remaining pure enough to successfully make the offering. The
easiest way would be having someone else up to his elbows in
fish guts, but, who could be trusted? There was no time to find

a reliable, close-mouthed assistant.
* * *

The fish markets opened well before dawn. It wasn't hard
finding contaminated fish, using a ward against poison as her
guide. They were tainted enough tosickena man and eventually
drive him mad, but they were still stacked in the market, for
those too poor to afford better. They were doused with enough
soy to hide the foul taste, and served to families without a future
to forfeit. Pimiko stole the fish. It made her feel a bit better.

Pimiko prepared as early as possible the next night, after
tossing and turning all day while mentally familiarizing herself
with, and practicing, the rite. Pimiko selected her oldest
shimenawa, colored rope, to mark the boundaries of her ritual
space — not to impress the kami with its age, but because its
color had dulled with use from straw yellow to a quiet tan; it
would be less noticeable. She purified the ritual ground with
salt, then played the tingsha cymbals over bowls of rice and sake
sitting at the four corners. The thin, chiming sound would lure
any hungry ghosts to the proffered food, so they would leave the
ceremony undisturbed. The last preparatory task was to light
the fire. Pimiko always hated this part... the feeling of the
warming wood between her flying hands, the creeping smell of
smoke, the first few sparks of flame that were alwaysa surprise...

It would be quicker ifher Po took care of this task, but this
kami was unfamiliar to her; she didn't know how it would react
to her Demon's smeared fingerprints on her aura.

Eventually, though, the fire caught, and she was ready.

Pimiko summoned the kami as she had done the night
before. Tonight, however, she threw a heavy silk brocade onto
the water. The spirit swirled into manifestation, looking splendid
in its gold-print robe. Its foam face scowled when it saw the
sacred fire, spattering it with scornful droplets that hissed.
"What is this for? [ do not want my meal touched by this."

Pimiko knelt beside the linen cloth on which the fish lay.
"Do not worry, suijin-sama. The flames will not touch your fish."

Taking a long, sharp knife, she worked. The blade flashed
and the water spirit bobbed, both reflecting the garish lights of
the city skyline. Within five minutes, the fish was cleaned and
cut, She presented the fillets ona porcelain platter while she set
the guts, carefully garnished with fish heads, in a bronze bowl.
Only the tail and spines were left. Pimiko cleaned the blood
and scales from her hands with salt water and the linen,
removing the physical impurities. She placed the linen and fish
bones in the fire. Then, she took up a small wooden doll carved
in her likeness, and rubbed it over her body to draw away
death's invisible taint. The doll went into the flames as well.
While the sacred fire smoked and guttered, Pimiko meditated

Heresies oF THe Way

to deflect the kami's rising impatience and her own fears of the
fire drawing attention to the rite.

When the fires reduced the refuse to ash, a pure and calm
Pimiko began her rite of offering and request. When the last,
thin syllables floated across the water and the saki splashed
quietly in the cup, the kami descended on the meal ina rush of
black water. When it withdrew, fish and cup remained, but
were wet and subtly changed. It all glistened, as though misted
with oil. In the bowl of entrails, the spirit had left a chunk of
concrete larger than Pimiko's hand. She fished it out with some
reluctance. She had hoped to keep the talisman in the small
charm bag around her neck, but the kami's sense of humor
dictated otherwise. The rite had proceeded as planned; the
talisman should work, but there was no way to find out but try.
That, however, would have to wait for another night... there
was still work to be done here.

The kami floated away downstream, somehow managing
to leer with its flat pebble eyes. "Enjoy the fish, vampire. I am
done with it."

Pimiko sighed. To complete the ritual, she had to eat and
drink the offering sanctified by the kami. Spirits that dealt with
the undead rarely wanted sweet buns or decent sushi; n hey
wanted heavy-metal tainted fish offal. She ate as quickly as she
could. Day was coming, and it was easier not to taste that way.
As so often before, success tasted awful.

HisToRY

Jn the distant past at the end of the Fourth
Age, the great Immortals received their curse
and became the revolting creatures you see
before you today. The most ancient stories tell
us that the foulest and most black-hearted among
them, those who abused their power and brought
down the wrath of the August Personage of
Jade, hadno moral capacity or psychic framework
from which to receive support in their time of
crisis. While the Wan Xian who possessed codes
of morality to fall back on survived the Great
Curse without become insane, raveningmonsters,
the worst of the lot could not maintain their poise.
They became beasts — The Book of Sovereign
Virtue calls them the Great Devourers.

One of these creatures, whose Jmmortal
name remains lost to antiquity, fell upon a host of
kami ~ nature spirits — in a glade on the island of
Honshu, Although this immortals thirst for Chi was
beyond measure, he barely sensed the spirits
presence; he could not feed on their energies, nor
do anything more than howl incoherently in hatred
and starvation. He was terrible to behold, but his
great power meant nothing to kami made of
breath and wisps of smoke. At the end of his first
night in the glade= which we now call Name "the
spirits pitied and guided him to a mountain cave,
hiding him from the sun's scorching rays. This
Immortal, who eventually named himself Riyan as
one of the Wan Kuei, remained in that glade for
nights, slowly fading from lack of precious Chi.

The kami sheltering Riyan, however, guided
him too. The spirits agreed among themselves on
a set of rules for Riyan to follow. At first, these
rules were simple: the vampire could not enter
certain parts of the glade, nor make sound during


Four: Tie Spjrjr or THE Living Earth

certain hours. The kami punished Riyan for
violating these rules much as amortal might train
a dog. Although Riyan was no more than an
animal at this time, it took amere seven nights for
him to learn the simple rules that the spirits
demanded. Still Riyan grew weak from hunger,
but before he expired from starvation, a
mischievous fox-spirit led a'mortal child to the
glade; Riyan feasted upon him.

Over the next months, the spirits of Name
bludgeoned Riyan with theix rules. This was not
easy; the kami are more fractious than any
family, and they often enforce
contradictory and seemingly incomprehensible
vules. Surprisingly, though, Riyan was a cunning
monster and quick student who eventually
wegained a semblance of rationality. Ever
conscious of his actions, he still paid obsequy to
the spirits in the way they taught him. Jn the first
place, he had little choice; they had ground their
harsh lessons into his very soul, and he could no
more ignore their requirements than he could
take anoonday wall. More than that, however, it
was only through the spirits' teachings that he had
regained his higher self: Riyan owed them a debt
of honor. His P'o nature did not entirely agree,
but it was largely powerless against the kami.

Riyan's JouRNEY

In time, Riyan left the Name to see the world
at large. The kami he left behind were jealous, of
course, and refused to aid him in his encounters
with the Middle Kingdoms' spirits of Yin and Yang.
Some kami,in fact, made a special point of sending
messages on the wind, telling other spirits that
Riyan was a foul monster, come to feed on their
Chi and despoil their homes. Upon leaving Honshu,
Riyan discovered he had to pay homage tonearly
every spirit he encountered, lest his unlife be in
danger. Thankfully, Riyan encountered few spirits
since most gave him wide berth — the August
Personage of Jade's curse was wellknown among
the ephemeral courts.

mortal

Riyanmet severalbeings of importance during
his journeys. Remember that in those days, the
border between the living lands and the spirit
worlds — both Yin and Yang "was far thinner or
even absent in some places. Kami, demons, and
ghosts all walked the Middle Kingdom.

One evening, Riyan encountered a lone
demon on a dark road, Although Riyan knew
stories of the countless Hells he hadnever before
met one of the Yama Kings servants. The demon,
reputedly a cackling, red-faced pawn of Yomi,
taunted Riyan with prophecy. Jt told him that just
as the sun and spirits chased and harassed him
now, the other Wan Kuei would eternally harry
his students and spiritual descendants.

Now, Riyan had never planned to take
students under his wing; he believed himself the
fortunate survivor of a great calamity who was
doubly cursed, once by the August Personage of
Jade andonce by spitefulkami. He wasno teacher,
but the demon's taunts planted a seed in Riyan's

mind while he considered what knowledge he
possessed that might prove valuable to other
Wan Kuei. The demon was long gone when Riyan
awoke the next evening, sounable to interrogate
the creature, he continued wandering.
Periodically, Riyan encountered villages full of
mortals. Naturally, when he did he fed on their blood
as any vampire would, terrorizing and killing the
mortals beneath the demands of his hunger and
Po. J include this comment so reader may never
forget that Riyan was a monster, like all of us.
‘The stories say that at this point, Riyan left
the great peninsula he'd been traveling across
and entered the mainland proper. Jf his glade was
really on Honshu, that would suggest he was
traveling from Korea to Manchuria, but
remember... this all took place thousands of years
ago, before the world had assumed its familiar
shape. Jtisnot easy ascertaining exact locations.
As Riyan continued north, he encountereda
group of five monsters. They were not quite
demons, but appeared to be vampires like himself.
They spoke of Dharma, however, of the Five
August Courts and bodhisattvas. Riyan could
barely understand these monsters tongue, but
their terms were even less familiar to him. The
group, whose name islost tous, spoke of belonging
to the Court of the Black Tortoise. Again, it was
another nonsensical term to Riyan, so the group
at last accused him of being akuma. Riyan
understood this term, however, having heard it
from the demon a few nights earlier. He took
offense, but sensing these five strangers were
simply looking for a fight, Riyan fled into the wilds.
Riyan remained in the wilderness as much as
possible from then on; he could scarcely afford
another encounter with the doctrinaire Wan
Kuei of the Five August Courts. He learned
while traveling that kami were generally less
hostile the further he ventured from his former
home on Honshu, since few of them heard the
rumors concerning his wickedness.

REVELATION

A year into his self-imposed exile, Riyan had a
fateful encounter with an ancient spirit called the
Leech Child. The Leech Child, forever in the
guise of an oversized mortal infant, appeared to
Riyan in a dream while he slept in a cave. The
Leech Child — who has many names
ancient spirit. Jt claimed to be the first product of
sexual union between man and woman.

was an

Riyan performedhis usual routine of submission
and deference to this strange spirit, but upon
engaging in his rituals, the Leech Child twisted
and changed in response. Riyan realized what
was happening, but nonetheless, asked the Leech
Child why it reacted as it did. The Leech Child
bore many secrets, it explained, but, like all spirits,
it was subject to laws that mortals and vampires
did not have to obey. Riyan's rites of obeisance
created a compulsion within the spirit, forcing it
to treat him as an equal.

Hrresjes or THe Way

eG eg

The Leech Child further explained that nearly
allof Riyan's rituals of submission and appeasement
evoked a response from within the: spirit for
whom he had performed them. Rites and rituals,
it toldhim, were atwo-way street. Once properly
invoked and appeased, spirits found themselves
drawn to a particular course of action, whether
they wished to undertake that task or not. This
was agreat revelation for Riyan, who hadassumed
he was entirely at the mercy of the spirit world.

Thinking quickly, Riyan asked the Leech Child
whether his earlier ritual had entreated it to
is questions. The spirit reluctantly
answered ‘yes.' Riyan immediately interrogated
the Leech Child about the proper incantations
and rituals necessary to extract information and
services from spirits. There wasn't enough time
left in his dream to learn everything the Leech
Child knew about commanding other spirits, but
Riyan leaned enough. He knew the power rites,
the basic principles controlling the spirit world.

When he awoke that night, there was no sign
of the Leech Child. Riyan returned to Honshu at
once, finding an appropriate Dragon Line within
a few nights and riding it to the distant island.
There, Riyan performed his usual rituals of
humility and appeasement, but turned those
rites against the spirits that taught and
tormented him for so long. Riyan could not make
himself master of the glade's kami~ they had too
great an insight into his reforged soul ~ but no
longer was he subject to their whims.

answer

Finally home, and with great understanding of
the spirits' true nature, Riyan longed for
companionship, spending years looleing for those
he could exist with equally. He searched among
his own kind, those cursed by the August
Personage of Jade. The Five August Courts
and their agents, however, treated him as a
heretic and akuma; nobody extended him a
welcoming embrace. Riyan entered the Yin and
Yang worlds, but only found sterile ghosts and wild
kami, Still, xo companions.

Finally, Riyan entered YomiWan. He found the
Yama Kings his equals or at least capable of
treating him as an equal ~ but they wanted pieces
of his soulin return for his companionship. Reflecting
upon his P'o, Riyan declared the Yama Kings had
enough of his soulalveady. He fled the Ten Thousand
Hells just ahead of scores of demonic pursuers.

Riyan finally decided he would have to harvest
new chih-mei and teach them the way of the
Cerulean Veil. With his contacts in the spirit
world watching out for those who clawed their
way back from Hell, Riyan took several students,
the first being Liao Hong. Riyan taught them of his
Dharma and the ways of the spirit world. Due to
the Five August Courts' suspicion and
persecution of his heretical ways, Riyanremained
forever on the move, traveling from one Court
to another and teaching students from all lands.
After continued confrontations with those
following Xue's paths, Riyan told his students that,
in coming decades when they took apprentices

‘of theix own, they must never establish wu and
territories the way other Kueijin have. They
must, instead, gather together briefly for a period
of weeks, passing wisdom from teacher to
studentsbefore spreading out again and remaining
hidden from undead authorities.

This became the way of things, then, through
the Fifth Age. Qu numbers swelled over time,
until the rise of the Manchus in China, when the
traditional ways feeding our population became
suppressed, not long after that, however, the
Japanese Emperor established Shinto as his
nation's state religion. Shinto was not a proper
reflection of our beliefs™ and, as artificial as itis,
is surely not a proper reflection of the worlds
true state. The formalization of Shinto, however,
crystallized the spiritual beliefs of many Japanese,
and many of those who fought their way back
from Hell found that the Spirit of the Living Garth
provided the closest analog to theix mortalbeliefs;
they discovered oun Dharma to be relatively
easy to grasp.

Rjyan's Swan Song

On the cusp of the 20th century, Riyan
gatheredtogether his eldest and most enlightened
followers, including both Liao Hong and Otbeg
Altan (despite Alan's relative youth). Riyan finally
walked away from his soul-children, the followers
of the Spirit of the Living Garth. He left no closing
words, no final lesson; he seemed satisfied that
others within his Dharma had achieved true
enlightenment as bodhisattvas and, one morning,
simply vanished.

Jt is here that my own tale ends. Since Riyan
left us, Jhave become certain that the Sixth Age
upon us; J have withdrawn from both mortal and
mortal affairs, J treat with the spirits of the
living earth, those few who have yet to feel Hells
touch or man's poison, and consume the worlds
living Chi. J'm slowly seeing the true history, nature
and boundaries of this realm, and hope soon to join
Riyan in a world beyond this one.
= Hayashi no Toriko, January 11, 1904

puro THE 20TH Century

(am a creature of the 20th century, eomething of a wodgrniet
among my fellow Cerulean Veils, My name ie Michael Censa, ad |
cclatved ony may out of Hell into Hong Kong on Tanacary (1900, Hon dont
weed fo kom hom lended up there ix the fiver place, wor how | oat mt,
The fivet Kael-jtnunho encountered me followed the Spinit ofthe Living
Earth; ke eaved me thom the madnese of chih-mee

n the following yeare, | matohed the Sixth Age draw clover ypon
x8, Th be honeet, many of my peere and | $elteved the oth Age had
begun at the end oe the Second World Was, The decane ov e0 leading up
to that conflict mas particularly thrbutent, with countries acroee the
wowld changing, Ten years of upheaval, deetruction, death and war
culminated tn the most terrible meapon mortale have yet uxleacked on
one asother, When | met Tanaka Hlvoeht ¢ student, Gorchivo, who had


Cuaprer Four: The Spjnjr oF He Living

cieited Hlvvehiona a ten days after the bombing, (honeetly expected him
tr say he 4 seen the Demon Emperor sitting on a throne of skulle at
Good Zoro, chuckling malicionsly.

Faroive me, Gut ('m leaping ahead of myselt. UU thy and trace my
tape buck tothe atert. (ma traveler, ix my mortal Ute (ms a merchant
elie beaptatn, andasareent améarnliarntththematere trom Vadlvnetok
tolistnam After ony death (poked around among the Spint ofthe Living
Earth community, arning uhere the centers of our activity lay, This
indoronation has allohanyed, roughly eince the tallosthe Gouiet Union —
(don tgnarantes any oft holde anymore, Besides, | im nventing nares tor
all involved partie; the thought of just one Caincnre (nqutedton getting a
and on thie docament tc just to feightening to consider.

We don't gather in sm lke the Kaen of the Cainensn. db, There
arent enough of us, Moat of the tlie, ne apenciate in groupe of tua: a
teacher apd a student, Gomettonee the groupe are slightly large, a wice
deoiole of the Spite might attract tuo on three Kaaning Monkeys to
earn trom hit, A site 6 students often remain cloee by, fret tn the came
city, perhape along a nearby Dragon bine, ov uithin a ehort comment,

Our Nomsers

At the turn of the century, a6 tar a6 |krow, only sive of thee eemnt-
comononitec entered nemstern Ada. There masone nnorthenst China that
drew uiedonn from tan tony in Hartt and anarher ie Sapporo revalitgaroand,
Tavaka Hook, The thivd dhensed on the (eoeone of a former Mongolian
ehaman named Othen Altar, o Nyetel Hares (row Ularbaator; the tonrth
ms Vietarneee, roar, and exchanged rtuale ard pint Kromtedpe through
Lap Taroh —whoelaimed shemesn tthegionp bteacken,jastomemnsinho
shared hee krone with them, The atorong ns a Siberia, barvirg at
the fect ofa vampire calling teelt Arche,

Theee tive communities rarely copperated or shared a common
purpoee, Moet of them revolved ag much. around the teacher 6 90 ag
they dd hie niedorr, and they mere allas territorial as yon miohtexpect
trom any gronp of vampires. | have to wander ¢ re would have been
larger on better equipped todealuith the Cainensx and other shenhad
thoes citeles cooperated,

parle, armed the rt 0 the LO contr, the ntetuined
hietoricert Mongol, China and Typan becanne aordally confusing to someone
soho dnt exiet thvonoh them, China nas weak at the Qing Dynasty b end,
ard Mapsharia, i parttonlar, wag a prize tought ton ty Japan and Keaeeia
athe than being a point tor China to depend, Ciao Hong and he students
reeided in thie conteeted region, and vetmember theee dangerous tones well
The Chiron' wonarele traveled ix roe packs thvoughont the night,
vetng ont e0-called tratove and heretics lke the Spit,

The Boner Rebellion tk place at the maning enep of the previous
century. +9 gronp of rather admirable sacial conservatives tramped
throughout China, dectroying the political, mercantile, and religions
holdings of toreignene. Although. the Ung declared ar on the Bovere,
the lnpertal hooné uns eiply t00 weak to eliminate them, allowing the


94

vebeleto seize northern Chiva, The Borer (Gebellion lelt the Cainonx
ep, eines many Kaet-Jin maintained significant influence in Emperor
Guangra's court, Unortunately, the tractions heretteal Dharinag
were too dienroanized to take advantage of the chave,

(n 1405, Tapa annexed mach of Manchuria, faciltating contact and
the exchange of teas betmeen Hong betudente and thoee or the Skintoiet
Tanaka Hoke, The too groupe inttated a rapprachemertoteorte and, it
the eprity 11406, held a quiet memorial wervice i (Cane memory,

Mn 1M, the tottering government 07 the Manchus — the Ung
Dawasty — tnally crumbled. The Nationaliste under bun YateGen
replaced the taller dynasty and founded a. republic, centered in
Nanjing, Beet bypaven-polticking and conmaption fromthe etart, the
Nationalete bet the Mardate of Heaven in only a tem decade, Lion
Hong and hex etudente had aleo made a political gamble hane and bet,
They thren what litte political influence they poeeeeeed behind the
Aationaliets tr Nanjing, believing tro eagerly that on overall change tt
governanent could only benettt the Spint of the Living Eurth,

That political backing brought Hong 6 group intr contlict with
then Alton s Mongolian Kuei-jin, While Gath cate of etudente tollomed
the dictates laid down by Rigan and paid obeieance to the kam, Alten'
group invested much. of te power and recourses into helping Mongolia,
secede trom China around the came tine that Sun Yat-Gen and hie
party seized poner, Mongoliaonly marginally exseteded —ukite Outen
Mongolia became antrnomons, if was over a decade later, uith Bouvier
agciotance, that it became truly independent trom China. Liao Hong
and, Alten Otten exchanged hareh. words in the revolt' aftermath,
eaving a chilly silence between the tuo groupe in the decades since,

Wt nas 1924 when Oater Mongolia. declared tteel? the People's
Republic of Mongolia with the Soviet Union's backing, Alten' gronp
neloomed the independence, He hoped tor a return to the haleyon daye
of old, where Mongolian warlords controled the vast steppe and the
Kasicjin rode openly among them, What they earned, to their coreon,
mos amecshanized and eonllees ‘revolutionary Communiet government,
akich eventually destroyed the tendal marlords holdinge, exppreseed
religious communities andevencloeed Buddhist monasteniee. Otbeg and
hie people ment underground, Kiding from Party and Govier eecnet

police a6 aseiduonsly ag they did trom the Uaineunx,

Parting THE Rjvers

Japan irvaded Manchuria th (951, vetencibly becance it feared
the USSR o» Chineee governement would ext tte trading vighte with
China. if ¢ did not. The League of Nations oneted Japan ab a reealt of
the incident, Out nem military and civilian traffic betmeen Tapan and
the mainland gave the Dharma more cover to move Gack and forth
among them, This had come positive eftecte; etudente of Alton, Hong
and Tanaka exchanged their views, rites and oval histories,
Untortunately, i aleo (ed to further clbeed-minded exchanges and
come rather cophomonis cases o¢orhenntes enlightened Kuet-jn setting

Heresies oF THe Way

Kami upon one another (each in the hopes of harming the other 6 tes
tothe gpintt world). Theee dieciptes did not eee one another 6 rites a6
evidence vf the epivit world b glorious diversity, Out rather, eau thoee
rites through xenophobic eyes, calling any rithal that varied from thelr
oun tradition heneey, 10 thie day there (@ bad bod between many of
Attar, Hong and Tanaka's tudse,

Civil nar betneen the Nationaliete ard Communtote th the (9306
led tomany deaths, tollomed by a.tull-blomn Tapaneee invasion in 1037,
Then of conree, there wae WHI, which a6 yox undoubtedly Kron
reeulted (x mone deaths, inclading the deetraction of many Kaet-jih,
Daring theee contlere, plenty of honorable men died, a¢ did an equal
aanbber of bastarde, me proudly dem on nannber trom among the latter
ot, In the modern nighte, however, moet mortale do not tollow the
animistic religions thom whom we traditionally nectait, asig tom the
truly pious devotees of tradttional Ghinto, ukoee numbers duindle daily.

Baar, thee meare woet Keck who tok the Becmnd Breath
rit the Becnd Mond Man weve prektpoeed tater Dharma tharks
totheir beatin. Ary chih-meinemanted rrindoetrivate, meetoleandtonctly
taroht them on may of thinking, The took much. tne and resource,
atieally. Only orye groupe situated near the morst of the tohtivg, i the
Philppinee and Pacific lelandere, got anay witht, agdd came Mapchania,
Mostly, merecetved thecharpend ofthe stick The Cdrennr receuted ne
entoroen unig Monkeye toch ave ue dum and pay us the Final Death,

rag ub Before a connt of tnquieitone (0 con teee oun eins,
Mattere gran wares tw Taraka b peopl ix Tapar, The Altes — all
Wok the Pavrieare — degpedraclearbawheon Hroekinaand Ndgaee

te August of 9, The veealtng blast and radiation destroped thonearde,
exbeeguent fveetorme ir Nagatakt Kiled urconurted rambere nore, Biggeet
one-month population juonp tor undead | think Tapancs even eeer, thon
masynenKael-firendedapnscuprying todiccatherthantheirom pleeo¢ach
+ iwnadlated conpece, Tanaka and hee aronp destroyed abwat halt a docen
chilemeibetmeen (095 and (490 that were out-of-control beaste, their
Sodiee and emle hornttly damaged by ambient radiation, Moet of themdied at
the moment of the Hast om dying the exbeeqnent meeks,

Tanaka boronp finally managed torecruttat east eocnen etadents
tollowing Tapan seumnender, Theend oy the war bronght mach dittenneee
and anger to Tapar, leavia plenty of eptteral epivite x Yomi Wan, many
of whom forced their may back tothe world to cette unresolved (Genes
thom lite, Tanaka and her atudents kept watch tor exch chih-met und,
th the help of kami, enatched up nen recvaite before the Cadtonnn.
cold enslave them,

Mjppie Kingpom Drapep jn Rep
Mapandhi¢penplecontrolled China af erthe mar ended, declaring
tthe Pegple 6 Republic of China in $4, Fon the next, oh, ty yeare,
thecentralgovernment in Baling vacillated between tneanely vepreceice
poncholoyical wartare on ite oom penple and moderate openness, Few of
the government b activites affected mux penpte significantly, however,

Cuarrer Four: The Spjnjr or tHe Living Eartt

The Cainonnx 6¢tll remains a tar graven threat to us than any human
government, and snvet of our population Coin the hinterlande, fax from
Belin. The Communiete haven't had any weliable strength ont in the
tar provinces through moet of their Kietmy, 60 we dont fear theon,
Hong b group does occasionally dack and ran trom the Communiets —
Uke daving the Great ProletarianCnltoral er olition — tut generally,
the Commaniets havent been a problem,

The Chinece tested their tet suctear warhead Wb4. This
dicrupted a Dragon Line inthe immediate vicinity and reentted ixagmall
hoeds of damaged Kami rampaging through. the region, Hong 6 group
intercepted this plague of blighted epivite, eventually destroying thoee
that mere too far gone,

Now, (don't Kou the Vetnam situation particularly well, never
epent much tone there, nor am |cloee to any of Lan Tang & etudente,
Here 6 a summary of mhat | kron concerning two decades of nar there,
and what it did to and for the regional Spirits,

Wn 498 the French pulled ont of Vietnam atten being abattcat Dien
Bien Pha. This reentted th the country & dicieion tuto North, and South
Vietnam, the North being Comenontet and the Gouth Seing American. ..
ow rather, vot Comonuntet. The Aamertcane built thelr forces th opposition
to the North Vietnamese, though | hesitate to eay they were really
exporting the Gonth, 6o much as trying to eradicate the North. Several
Caintes arrived nith the Americans, over time maybe ag many ag adrzen,
(think. some of them are ettll there, Open uardare evnpted betmeen
Armevion and thee North Vietnamese i (168, and many of the unjustly
dead fined Lan Thang 6 cluster of angry Kact-fie

Wntersettngly, (believe the American Kin-jtr created Vietnamece
vampives using the magic of their blbod white in Vietnam, Bone even
tought alongside Cans oronp dosing the tem pitehed battles (x which
they parttelpated. The Americans tinally lett (478 (oond riddance),
and Vietnam wennited under Comenonlet rate, | Geltere some Kaei-jte
traveled to America among the wealthizn gronpe of South Vietnamese
retapeee, fut vone trom Lax' group did any euch thing, | did hear,
however, that thie migration aleo thinned thelr enemies numbers,

Wn March 0£(469, Chinaand Kaceia approached outright wat, with
hate tired oventhe border and tronpe maseing on Goth sites, Fortunately
torus, groupe ot eoldiere are aluaye asouree of Sountenus blood and OX,
Wan con't too much of an ceeue, anlece the mar threatens to engult truly
enormons aneas as & did during WWII, on eecalate tuto a nuclear
condlct... ke WWI, From thie perepective, more than thirty years
later, & links Uke there uns never a neal rok of nuclear exchange
Setneen China and the Soviets, but back then, we werent ene, Moet
of Hong band Aachel b otuatente ted tor the back country, ahere they
amuld feed in velatice catety and vot viek nuclear annihilation ak the
center of a city, They returned after peace as restmred, but they
were out-of civexlation tow the better part of a gear — | Kaow | bet
track of moet of them, which 6 a testament t0 thelr cradinees,

Cuajrman Mao, Demon?

Cranging Times

Atter the Amertcane left Vietnam, Southeast Acta was largely
without Western trflaence, The main exception nas Hong Kong, officially
a Butoh stronghold, Like many Kaet-fir, we had a relatively easy time
eloping ix and aut of Hong Kona, even when it was part of the Unted
Kinadom, Hong Korg Kami vere quite hoettle to vampires in general, a6 a.
neeult of rhein mictreatment at the hands of the neightorhsod Caintee,
(don ¥ksoumach about thecevampiree, mind yon. They rarelyuieit Topar,
Sut the story lhear io that one Cevatear Vell, Thomas Loo, spent decades
i Hong Keno, He was very Kuouledyeabte, antes teacher who knen dozene
of rites ard nas Parnlar eronal. with. Hong Korg & Kasi that moet o¢ them
ingly didn bathe hn, Spo he ing Earth stent, havo or
learning, requentlymmate the jane into ae Thomasout,
avon enogeet he even had clee acquaintances among the Kin-fine
tzarde, Fut thoee remade uneabetenttated ard rather unlkely, since
Lao students cay he gpent as much. tone avoiding the Kin-jin ag he did
teaching ather Spirit of the Living Euth.

inthe early eighties, under Deng Nanping, the Chinece government
relaxed te reetvictione on religions uaeltp, Undew Map, China wae
ofticially an atheiet tate, and asnong the mortals, tor the tivet conple of
decades of Man 6 reign that wos just tine, Masiem feel} mag elevated f9
acetatus hedttting a efate religion, with the common Yolk quoting Man
eayingeand turning their attention tontterances trom Boling rather than
tom a religious leader After Map & death, though, rellgions gronpe that
mere abeent, suppreseed, ov well-hidhen mame a veenrgence, White the
Commmanist Party didn? exactly embrace the groupe — they are
eternally suspicions of anyone elee 6 attempt to collect poner— they
did't expprece them quite as brutally as they had under Map,

96

Sinse that time, we've quietly garnered expport among the
mortale of northeastern China. Ithasn? aluaye been easy, Even after
Pera caved rentrictions, groupe of gptritualiete, ancmtete and, ehalline
cay, urasnal practitioners of more mainstream faithe have veaped
abuse at the hands of the Chineee government. Even small gatherings
can sometimes end abruptly with the arrivalot the police, Ae Kaet-t,
o¥conree, ne have advantages typicalca ltete lack, tat neing Dlesiplinee
orvampinte abilities againet the anthouttesuonld create more questione
and fears than simmply teeing alongside the mortale,

PROPHETS OF THE SjxTH AGE

Mn(487, aTypanecemortalcalted Aeahara Shoko toundedadvomeday
ext, Aue Shinrikya, based n the expectation that averien  dlcaetere
wnonld eon Suing an enalto the mortal woeld and inangnuate anew turn} the
coemic cycle, Does anyone eles tind thie just a lérecurione! | don tant
0 exggeet theee mortals ane merely paomne of the Kaet-jth or somehow
mnyetically clued-in to the Wheel of Ages, | just tind 6 ax asrfully
intereeting coincidence, and think that mane utellgent mindethan myo
amioht titd comet hing move varius (they dy deaper. Maybe the mortale
really do Keon the S0uth Ape ie comino; maybe come like Shoko ane tryirg
tobring there, won, KRgardlece, the uanld eeemed to be changing rapidly,
as evidenced by Soviet Rueeia 6 collapee,

Unt MO es Pople 6 pable of Mongol fol edad treall all"
Sut with. the Soviet Union ix dtearvay, the Mongolian Communtete really
didnt have erouoh expport tocontinne unilaterally. G0 they ceded poner,
dren up a.nen Conetttation, all that ett. They won a tee election two
years later, but et pomex exbecquenty, 6 alroet Uke areal democracy
there, The reason we care about thie ie me have a real precence
Morgalia, and it bgroning row that Ulanbaator ie nat eooppreceive, Aethe
old Soviet Union, North Korea and China have chon ue, tt ¢natenty being
a.etealthy predate of the noht tra paranoid, totaltarian etate, which ie
probably why me avvided there conntvies uhen poestble.

Onteide of Tapar, there are more Cerulean Velle ix Mongolia thar
anyuhere eles, The Shinto-like agpects of onn beliefs don't exactly
woeomateniththe loeale, but plenty ot them ettll follow the old animmiatic.
nays; the gpirtt morld 6 realty and the pomer ofthe Kamiving tras with
bbeal undead atten the Second Breath. Even Othen Alten' gronp ont
the only collection of Spirit of the Living Earth Kath-fta tn Mongolia,

Wt6 good we have a large precence there, dow the gpirit world in
Mongolia, northern China and conthern Siberia te very Packed-ap,
There are several Dragon Necto tr that region that ane 60 poiconed by
internal Chi, they re practtoally piteto Hell. Many of thoee are inthe
epivit-mnrld 6 analrgne to come Souet-ern tactny, Gulag, om other
atrocity... dat wot allot them. Some have been there tor a very borg
tne, while tem orhersmere seated apecay?, This last lot has recently
reqpened, Moet of theee pite aren't particularly pomertal — hark
tee kami—but cxsnslatively, they represent ancrorenons, uipleatant
Seton on the world 6 eurface,

Heresies o THe Way

More ingorterty tothoee of us among the Coratean Voll the Kamiot
Manchusia ard the earrounding areas are very unpleasant. Moet of them
pewert the stordard calling rtuale we typically perrorm, deliberately
micinterpneting reeponee vorde or picking ont eyronymre with mallons
extents, Many of them sewe the Yama Kinge, openly ard deliberately
quietly,» in aye even they dont realize, Besance 60 much of our nohtly
siletence relies on the gprs ton relntorcemente, mr unlves are very
dealin archara Sameaoong Wan Mar betedentebeleremestonll
atk the Qaincun 6 Raet-fin tor help, Gut moet athere believe we have the
probleminhand. Os atthevery last, belevethatealling ypon the Qaincany
woul weealt tx ov detraction fret and the problem & calation second,

Me, | dont Krom what to think.

Thomas Lao, who | Geltere | mentioned earlier, was in the
uctortunate poetton of dodging both the Kin-jin and the Qxincnnx due
thie location, | exppoee it comes as no surprice that ke vaniched nat
(ong after the turnover tn 1097, the Kami that knew him beet seem to
Have disappeared with him, and the ones that remain arent talking
Hong Kong ico astrongholdotthe Cxincuny, like moet major eiticeare,
and we avoid it uken me can leet me inadvertently share Lan 6 tate.

Since thentne ve been dealing uth the attere teste o¢ the Quircuin
Great Leap Untward, a¢ calted by te Kuci-jir. What an ioc ikea, honest
We resin vampires, Weclowron ay back trom Hell tutonly done astoally
dein eka, [don tke oa single meonher of oor Dharma that came hack
Ham telltoerdup ir, cay, Fora — such eee Caltornia, heepteuhat ome
vampires tay. Gadly, the Cainennn ' anceetwe 668 many diveattefted ard
angry yoargvanpives biking ronnd Mahar, Define, Tkyo.and Seoul Gothe
anceetone point east and eay, some ridlcalue, cell parodyiry, Fa Manchn
Yachion, "Uoagn east! Take lad from barbarian dovcioner We tay here, rod
sited' Ard teste actall oo Earto¢ me hopeethe Americar canpve
beat the P vont then, except that eaves the Cairenncuithstongest
earvivore to return here uben becomes ohvions they were cert on axtol
eraped, Who do yen thik the Cairenaxcuil eced them afer next uber they
wrealze the [urning Monkeye conld turn againet them?

The Great Leap Ontmard does help us i come waye, though. ln the
post, the Bichanon and Genji cent young Kanning Monkeys to give mr
young dieclolee a hard toe, Now, (be the vet to admit that the great
crusade hasnt exactly emept up every young vampire along the Milde
Kngdom 6 eastern hones, but thas thinned thelr an somewhat. Thit
makes tt eaior ton ny penpte to enrvive doom night to night. They aon
Aave toqpend nearly ab much tine dadping oa fullof Cored young Wan Kae
and can (netead epend thelr evening appeasing the epirtte, kanting don
appropriate looking prey a uhaterer olee cones to their minae,

Still, maybe too much time toonreelves en tench agvod thing, The
noret harbingers of doom tt out Dharona decited the Goth Age began
leer Ryan tnally lett us, but, that nas more than a century ag?, and
ettll, .. 0 Demon Emperor. At least, nobody 6 told ns, ard yon think
& dcome up in convercation. On the other hand, inthe last fem yeare,

Cuapter Four: Tae Spjrjr or TH Lyving Earrit

natters have grow terrible allover, tee, Hirvehioa and Nagasaklvere
certrrlyeignpoets,. Cast Et Betore Goth Age andallthat, bat
(very teach wonder, lately Moet of the prophecies are exitably thzzy
as to dety gpecttic analyele, It (on't as though any of them bay "Ard
then, the Land of the Rising S1x ill experience abentdly low central
bank interest rateel" "But tayowor ee ight anymore, The kam
don't reqpond the may yon expect themto, come of them tutet requeste,
man(palate interactions on demand etrange new cacnidices, The epinit
reals lok ditverent, andthe Wall... i balmost inpoesibte roe the
Wall, but sometines, tt t2ele 6lck with blond, Stinks of the etal? too,

A couple of rears ago, come Kind of etvem nipped through the Yin
Realm, Thrned the whole place upeide down, | have wo earthly idea
what really happened there, but tor a couple of necks, ghoere mere
Hiding in every nook and cranny and the Wall between hare and the
Yin Kealm mas badly damaged, It' gotten better since — though |
believe | mentioned the whole bloody Wall effect up the page a
bit — but the lande of the dead remain a meee, (don't know what
effect thig had on Kuei-ftr, outit 6 probably quite bad, (haven t met
any varnpires who took the econd Breath ince the storme, bat of
conres, | mpart of apretty inex lar community uithinapretty tnenlar
community, 69... might mean nothing, Untortunately, tt nbnally
toom "nothing" where mistortune blind-cidee Yon,

Socery
Bewjnp THE CeRULEAN VEjL

Myname is Fukunaka Jiro, and|amia follower of the
Spirit Of the Living Earth Dharma. | have put brush to
paper thic evening torecordmy confession as required
by the honorable ancestor of the Blood Court. |expect
it will take several evenings to complete my confession,

Aayejser Bexonp Sujnro

The astute reader should notice that the Spirit of the
Living Earth Dharma focuses heavily on its relationship
with the Shinto faith, despite the fact the Cerulean Veils
ate not Shintoist, nor vice versa. Itis entirely natural that"
Kuei-jin who obsess on kami and other spirits would
gravitate towards the largest collection of mortals
interested in the spirit world, and in Japan, the devout
followers of Shinto certainly fit the bill.

That is not to say, however, there are no other Spirit
of the Living Earth Kuei-jin in the Middle Kingdom, Those
hailing from traditional cultures within Mongoliaor Siberia
might feel strongerconnections to the spirit realm than the
mortalrealm upontakingthe Second Breath. Ifexperienced
Cerulean Veilsate nearby, itis entirely likely they will take
the new Kuei-jin under their wing, These young vampires
Jearnabeliefsystem quite differentfromShinto (asdescribed
elsewhere), but they still adhere to the primary tenetsof the §
Spirit of the Living Earth. The same holds,true for any |
Kuei-jin who might gravitate toward an animistic world-
viewafterrebirth, whether theyhail from Tibetor?.

97

to hic caticfaction. so | begin tonight with a summary
of my offenses and transgressions before proceeding
with the details. Everything | write will be forthright and
honest: these are qualities as valued by my Dharma as
by the esteemed Kuei- jin of the Five August Courts. |
have faith that the ancestor will be a fair and even-
handed judge. and | place my fate entirely in his hands.

confess. donot follow the accepted Dharmas most
favored by the adherents of the Great Principle of the
Fivefold Wayas revealed to Grand Arhat Xue. Neither do
I deny the transcendent nature of the path he chose to
follow onthe Road Back. Once inmy unlife. |found the five
Dharmas quite useful in staving off the black hunger that
ic Our basest nature, but | could not progress along any,
‘Of the five paths set. before me. For decades. | sought
after dn.or was motionless so it could findme. but tono
avail. [found the enlightenment that eludedme by following,
the meandering ways Of the kami.

Imust respectfully dispute the charge that | follow a
mortal religion in place of a Dharma. It is true we share
concepts, and even ritual practices, in common with
religions such as Shinto, Buddhism and Hinduism, but.
according to Our oral history. our Dharma extends much
further back than any of these faiths. | believe you may
attribute the similarities to a common animistic religion
in primitive times. one perhaps even based on mortal
observation of immortal dealings with the kami. It is also
truewehave adopted the terminology Of these religions.
This serves a dual purpose. It allows us to communicate
amongst ourselves and with others without profaning
Our sacred words, thereby angering the kotodama, the
spirits of the words. And it provides a bridge of
understanding with those considering Our path, nudging
the phenomenal toward the possible for our potential
converts. If it is required of me. | will deciaim the sacred
words to the ancestor following the proper preparation.
This will demonstrate to all with eyes to see that Our
Dharma has far surpassed the incomplete understanding
encompassed by mortal religions.

Kami are everywhere. Every thing. every place, has
aspirit. Manykamiare asleepnow.as thoughinhibernation
to survive the winter that ic the downward turn of the
Great Wheel. In earlier Ages. even the simplest of men
could call the kami and expect a response. though very
often the simplest of men angered the kami as frequently
as earning favor. Now. it takes the knowledge of an
ancient cage. the honeyed tongue of apracticed geisha.
andthe courage of a fearless warrior to call the surviving
kami or awaken the slurnberers.

The kami have something to teach us all, and the
Cerulean Veils have made it Our duty to learn. Some
mortals still ack the kami for blessings like protection
from harm or a good harvest, or even Occasionally for
advice. Only the mythically wise. however. the
shugenja on.the mountainsides or the wandering.
wizened hermit. have thought to learn from the kami.
This is because what the kami teach us. even those of
the Yin World. is about life. Most living people
mistakenly believe they understand life — they draw
breath, they move. eat and feel... what else ic there
to know? The dead. bereft of living comforts. are
quite aware of the knowledge they lack. Of course.
we do not simply learn from the kami. They are useful
in other ways. providing services or favors inexchange
for pleasing rituals. offerings or bargains.

Heresies oF THe Way
B) a

Our goal, Our purpose in seeking enlightenment. is
to transcend our dead flesh to become kami Ourselves.
Just as every thing has a spirit. every spirit has a soul,
even though few suffer like ours the split into Hun and
Po. The kami know, or more correctly each kami
knows a small portion, how to preserve the individual
soul without a body and without becoming a goryo. an
angry ghost subject to the laws of the Yomi World or
the lands of the dead. They have become pure spirit.
The mortals enact rituals enshrining the dead as kami,
but these rites do not work for us — possibly because
our connection with death is unclear. Most of the
enshrined kami | encountered are no more than highly
regarded and well-propitiated ghosts.

Forgive me for straying from the boundaries set
before me. lam not to write a treatise on the spiritual
progression of my Dharma, lam to write a confession.
For the remainder of this missive. | shall attempt to
cleave more closely to my shortcomings.

I confess, I lured others from the Fivefold Way by
Offering advice and assistance freely to any who asked
it. My Dharma requires no less of me than to assist
another ¢ quest for enlightenment in any way | can. It
is, ladmit. the only way our Dharma gains new followers.
We do not Casually associate with young Kuei-jin,
whom you. call "Running Monkeys." They are still
experiencing kibuku, the period of mourning following
death: the spiritual taint it causes ic greatly intensified
by the fact it ic their own death they mourn. They, and
anyone close to them, are unfit to interact with the
kami without extensive harae rituals to purify the soul.
Therefore. we do not voluntarily instruct those just
inhaling their Second Breath: instead. we welcome
seekers already taking their first steps toward
enlightenment and, more importantly. who are trying
to close the book on their mortal lives.

admit | shirked my duties by refraining from any
association with chih-mei, whether to harvest the
new Kuei-jin or put down monsters that fell from
grace. The aura of death cloaking them pollutes their
surrounding, and | selfishly preserved myself from that
pollution and the extensive purification that must
ensue. | am willing to make amends for this, if the
ancestor allows. by devoting myself for as long as he
requires to the rehabilitation of chih-mei. | believe |can
perform my absolution of this task without unduly
influencing others away from the paths. the Blood
Court would choose for them.

Ik ic true | ctand accused of being akuma through a
past transgression. The ambassador from the Green
Courts is correct in his identification Of me. but his
version of the events that transpired are not as |
remember them, and| would respectfully point out that
the ambassador was not present. | had been asked to.
assist a vampire new to the Court in travel between,
worlds. My student and | had.some: difficulty
communicating; |do not speak Korean well, and she did
not speak Japanese at all. | spoke of traveling to
kakuriyo. the spirit lands reflecting the material world,
but.she thought | threatened to drag her to Kakuriin
the Yomi realme. | have never traveled to Kakuri, nor
willl ever choose to —| had enough of the Hells before
finding the Road Back. A matter that should have been
at worst an embarrassment between teacher and
student, one easily resolved by learning and greater

Cuapter Four: The Spjajr or THe Living Earn

understanding. was instead fanned into a demon hunt
by prejudice and fear. The Green Court offered me no
chance to explain myself. an opportunity most
graciously extended here by the Blood Court. and
summarily pronounced me akuma. Fortunately for
myself, the ritual of branding was aborted when the
kami of the Court's ritual space heard my pleas of
innocence and refused torecognize the rite. [thought
it wisest to cimply leave in the enctiing chaos.

I confess, | have associated with Kuei- jin who have
been declared akuma. | must also confess. however.
that Ido not know why they were so called. considered,
it possible they became akumain the same manner that
the Green Courts labeled me. | can only wish this were
not co, and that one could be clear that those named
akumawere dangerous servants of the YamakKings. but
this matter is not in my hands. It is true some members
of my Dharma engaged in Lesser Commerce. and even
iris Bulb Commerce with infernal powers. According to
Our history and my Own personal knowledge. however,
nobody in my Dharma has ever sold his soul entire to
agents of the Yomi kingdoms. Unfortunately, these so-
called "lesser" transgressions have become more
frequent in recent times — a matter that concerns us
greatly. | cee three reasons! why this may be. if the
ancestor will indulge my prognostication:

First. we Cerulean Veils are accustomed to dealing
with spirits. | do not mean simply appeasing them and
kowtowing to them, as Outsiders so often expect of
us. We command the kami when we can. forge deals
when we must. and appease them when required.
There are times when there is more to gain from
irritating the kami than from making poetic requests: if
the kami of the sky will not give rain when we ask it. we
tickle their noses with torch smoke until they douse.
the flames... but | digress. Some Of Ourmumber, who
maybe wiser than|, see no valuable difference between,
commanding. or striking an agreement with, a kami of
the Earth or aservant of Yomi. |cannot answer to the
wisdom of thic practice, but. bargaining, with the
magatsuhiic not something inwhich lindulge. command
them, yes, but only when must otherwise battle them.
lam not as skilled in fighting as | am in oration.

Second. our Dharma's followers are often closely
tied to certain kami — the spirits Of our birthplaces,
where we died, or those locations we have long claimed
as Our Own — by decades, if not centuries. of ritual.
While the world turns inexorably toward the Sixth Age.
the spirits of many places change. becoming tainted.
Through close association with these hell-touchedkami,
a Kuei-jin may unwittingly truck with evil powers. It is
this icsue that brought me out of seclusion and set me
on the path leading through the Blood Court's domains.
Iwish to study these poisonedkami. to learn what taints
are leaking into the spirit world, how longit takes for this
to unfold and if this change in nature inevitably leads to,
infernal contact —matters important for all who have
taken the Second Breath, not solely the Spirit of the
Living Earth. If the ancestor will be co kind as to permit
me access to my notes on the investigation thus far. |
can provide him with a clean and legible copy along with
@ proposal for continuing my research. Ghould the
ancestor find my work sufficiently. compelling and
rigorous. |would be pleased to share the final results with
the esteemed members of the Blood Court.

99

As for my third reasor the kami we entreaty
must regard us with the highest respect. or they will
not obey or trust Our given word. To command the
respect of the kami. it is necessary for our descendants
to perform the rites of ancestral veneration
consistently and properly. We are. after all, dead. So
many facets of modern society now spurn the old
ways that many Cerulean Veils barely maintain a proper
standing with the kami.

Still. the prospect for those of us whose altars are
covered with thick dust is not wholly dim. With suitable
encouragement. the living can quickly re-learn to honor
the dead. There are others whose lineages dwindle to
nothing andhave no one left to propitiate the ancestors.
These ones, more than any others, are forced into
bargains with the Yama Kings' servants. While those
spirits alco prefer dealing with the honored dead. they
will make exceptions... for a price. Always. a price.

Finally, | cannot provide you with a list of my
associates and their whereabouts. As | stated
previously, |endeavor to submit to your wishes. | could
give to you a list of names, and where last | saw the
individual, but that would serve no value to you. |
profusely apologize. but | believe this.a futile effort in
chasing such phantoms.

The MEANDERING Pati

Lea these words well, for these are the Iaditional
forms of ourtenels. Eachteacher recites hese forms lo new
inductees, and expects them to remember it exaclly so they
may, turn, tausmil it 1o new followers. You wallteaan the
nuances of cack tenel under my walclful eye, bul wos!
students say finding the path is Similac to the dame of bo:
aimple to learn, bul difficull lo master.

Obey the will
2. Perform the p

1. OBEY THE WjLL OF THE KAM}.

This. cule only works as weitlen while the pupil remains
within the proleclea environs of her wenlor's wfluence. The
lami prezeut and empowered to interact wilh the shident wil
mostundoubledly speak wilh the proper aulhorily, ot quiddy
becomes obvious toall bullhe dullest apprentice lhial wos! kasi
are uol lo be followed slavichly. Some are merely capricious
aud wish lille 4ood Upon anyone; olhers are obit and
only seek lo vl true hawt. These sorls.ace lobe appeased

100

whennecessary, Beafbuded den possible orsimplyavoided.
The lest of a Cerulean Vell's filness lo leave her méulor's side
te the abltly to dislinguisl which kami are which.

2. PERFORM THE PROPER CEREMONJES
TO REMAjN PURE.

There are a wide vaviely of harae aluale thal purify the
physical bo. ly and the spicil. Later, éall, medilation"aud
tone Commonplace in such cluale, bubdhe Kuel-tiws
specialslalus may require more dramalic ales wilh com nents
like wan blood ‘or bodily Inmors (substances that would
ollulea mortal practitioner) Knowledge ofasmany variations
as possible is wise, since t hay be wecessary lo pucty oneself
alamomen!' uolice, Roper piucticalion is inandalory aflera

eriod of lime speut ahi aspecled, upon recovering from
chadow soul aud afler com iwlo contact wilh. clukmetor

fi Al olkter limes, purificalion is simply a ood idea.

3. SHUN THE DEFJLED.

Riyau did ol proscribe Ihis provision solely fo eave the
Dhani' followers fromexcessive lime spent Wace cilual.
His also an observation thal those who are defiled, whelher
Kuei-fin, kami or shen, have uolhingloleacholhes onthe road
fo eulidtdenment. Juslead, they SEE as object lessons of
failure. Eulidhlenment will never be wou through couslaut or
deliberale leanshressions, eae goiceesi, isbellerlo

seek positive examples than truck wilh viedalive ones.

4. Treap across THE Earth To
ABSORB jTS FULL GLORY.

The kami douol wander, asa cule. Each lami has tle place
aud there tt remains. The kami ofa civer do nol flowto the sea,
eventhoudh tle rivers and seas mix al heir moulhs. Each least
has as ils ever-chaw i domain this strelch of rapids, for
example, orlhat quiel pool. Kawi who dovol follow lhis cule —
aw shosls, evilaagatendiondlouni Hrombleirh
ae those willdhe most potential fo cauge haan. Inauy case, it
remains teucthatif one is loexperience lhe tne breadlh of kai
luowledie and the beauty of their cealus, one must wear the

duel of the Middle Kindglown on one's feel wilh pride.

5. Pass WjSDOM TO OTHERS FREELY.

Dutrudh, the wisdow we seek does vol come From wilkin
ourselves. tis revealed lous, or blossoms in our soul froma.
seed plauled byauolher aud ferlilized Ihroudluside experience.
Shis our dul Daneu whalweleam, fo fa bacleourkannic
debl aud ad nowledde thal we do nol we

ouc own efforls alovie.

enlightenment by

6. HELP OTHERS TO SURPASS THE
SHORTCOMJNGS OF THE FLESH.

Mesh is.a tap ee all equally. DH one does uol
choose lohelp. auolher oul oftinduess, lhemhe should al least
help la $row and learn. 3} you free one Kuet-jin qrom the

Heresies or THe Way

chains of flesh to become pure spiel, we are all that much

closer lo achieving, hal deace.

77. RENEW YOUR THANKS AND YOUR
COMM|TMENT TO ENLjGHTENMENT EACH NjGHT.
Fropitiale fhe law wighly, The kami holdin hidhesleewthe
Kent will uolhind to give tit Hanks but a carefully worded
payer, Hf ouly tor lis coneislency aud diligence. Similarly,
remind ect a of your progress alors Ihe Road Badl
aud youu final Seal  delieultesactenlan sorwihariual
of wouc own devising, "Yiis te the beal way ef sleel yoursel}
agains! lemplalion and blindness.

8. Osserve your jm (TABOOS) RjGjDLY,
THAT YOU MAY OVERCOME YOUR CURSE.

failins}o observe imi, whelher those imposed by he kami or
those chosen for yourself, tthe eurest way lo shimble tulo the
loal slale of dao. Abgays remember, a par ad of blindness
may lake decades to overcome.

The Otuer HERESjES

Xe join the Siit e< the Living Earth tate walk
a solitary (ath. Like Riyan, we can only cceate Kr
couyanionss neither the Rami noc parincwrx will
ever welcome USWith open AMS OC TONY Wie TaNd,
owe ways: That said, there is a strength in
solitase that the ane e& the Rising Cheenix
never widerstoed. Instead they clutch at theic
mothers? apcons; closing thei eyes te this
texriple wets in the hopes it will vanceh. tow lost
these chileren must seem; siacde Them when qou
cat, DAL beware Chey don't axas you down With Cheit,

Likewise, avoid the Tempest e& fhe Lyward
Focus and the Scorpion Eaters; Loc they treat-all
existence With a disxespecloNn disdain. EVEthing
is illusion oc experience, a (rite ateaicvec a
feast Loc theic mouths alone. Theyve augered
eneush Laud Trough theic disregard, so peing
seen in their company Will sucely win, you (ittle
Laver in the eyes e& the spixits:

E& you oe seek allies; then do se in India,
among the Celestial wipesmen e<the vace e& the
Gods. they alone agpreciate our shille and
wierstand exc ways: Ludeed, they may call it
Sodhoos, pur they Wrimately seek 1e join the Seicit"
World and transcend this ene as well. teed their

cowncdl and (eg Chem your vestects; PUL be carecw!
notte ntexfceve in thei Kactices: Like the Ramé,
they can pe temperamental and guick le angen:

SYSTEMS

Merjts & Flaws
Kanj-Touchen (2 pr. Merjr)

A Kuei-jin with this Merit can communicate with spirits
in the area without effort (the normal method requires a Hun
roll against the rating of the immediate Wall). The vampire
must still use the appropriate ghost or life-sight to detect the

Cuaeren Fou: Tie Spinir oF Tue Living Earn

Lexjcon :

Bon: Rites performed to preserve and safeguard one's
ancestors in the land of the dead.

Goryo: Angr ghosts; ancestor spirits not placted
with the proper rites.

Harae: Ceremonies
may be physical —using water, salt or another appropriate
mediums to cleanse the body— or spiritual —involving
meditation and other ascetic practices.

Imi: Taboo words or actions. ‘

Junrei: A wanderingpilgrimage; the stage of Dharmic —
progression during which the Kuei-jin travels to inctease ©
her knowledge of the kami.

Kakuriyo: The spirit world, the Mirror Lands, Not
to be confused with Emma-o's Yomi realm Kakuri.

Kannushi: Literally priest;a rank roughly equivalent
to mandarin."

Kashiwade: Hand-clappingperformedtohonorakami.

Kegare: Physical or spiritual pollution.

Kibuku: The period of mourning and the impuri
caused by contact with death. For the Kuei-jin, this
usually refers to the period between the Second Breath
and one's true progression along the Dharmic path.

Kotodama: Kami existing in words or songs. 4

Magatsuhi: Evil kami; servants of the Yama Kings

Matsuri: A group ritual.

_ Riyaku: Benefits ded by ian. Certs
"are known to specialize in different types of riy.
protection from accidents, aid in study, etc.

Riyugu: The "dragon palace," the unattainable
Heavenly Realms.

Sendatsu: Spiritual leader, a rank equivalent to
ancestor within the Dharma.

Tatari: Curse inveighed by a kami for a Kuei-jin's
infraction such as rudeness or the improper performance
of a ritual.

Uses ydate play ital worldage MiddleKingdom.

presence of spirits. Similarly, this Merit will not affect the
disposition of the spirits in any way. Typically, an individual
with this ability was somehow touched by the kami in life...
perhaps as a temple oracle, a child with preternaturally clear
sight or someone who played the part ofa kami ina particularly
successful ritual play.

Ossessjve-Compuisjve DjsorDER
(3 pr. Fiaw)

While most of the Cerulean Veils find it difficult getting
through an ordinary night without paying heed to the spirits
and invoking simple rituals to appease them, something isn't
quite right with someone bearing this flaw. This Kuei-jin can
hardly work through ordinary tasks without feeling the
compulsion to perform a minor rite — the sort of simple ritual
few spirits even bother acknowledging. Perhaps the vampire
enacts a spiritual cleansing before he can enter certain rooms,
orcan only gain the tranquility necessary for true meditation
after repeating a mundane task dozens of times (until he gets
it perfectly right).

While all Spirit of the Living Earth members suffer froma
minor version of this Flaw — to appease the spirits, they must

101

‘accomplish many seemingly minor tasks —this Kuei-jin has no
choice but to escalate that obsession with minor ritual. When
the character is under sufficient stress, the Storyteller may
require a Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to avoid haring away
from the situation at hand to perform his own ritualistic
compulsion. Some obsessive behavioral habits include
performing a minor rite, hand washing, tracing wood grain
lines, counting or repeating a trivial task like flippinga light on
and off. Playets should pick one or two tasks their characters
perform frequently, and integrate them into roleplaying
situations; the Storyteller will inflict the Flaw in a crisis when
she deems it appropriate.

Barren Ljne (3 pr. Flaw)

This Kuei-jin's family tree has withered and died, and
there is no one left to perform bon rituals to honor her. The
kami somehow sense this lack of veneration, and are not shy in
showing their displeasure at associating with such dishonored
individuals. Whether the character achieved this unlucky state
through ancestral inattention, downright malice or grave
misfortune, the end result is the same: She suffers a difficulty
penalty of two to all interactions with the kami involving her
Social Attributes. On rare occasions, particularly hardheaded
and tradition-bound kami may refuse to deal with her at all.
Conversely, servants of the Yama Kings may eagerly overlook
this Flaw entirely.

Rjruais

The Spirit of the Living Earth Wan Kuei are masters of
reciprocities and other ritual transactions between the Kuei-
jin and the Mirror Lands' inhabitants. Certainly, the Bone
Flowers are better prepared to treat with ghosts, while the
Thrashing Dragons are best suited to handle wild creatures of
pure Yang Chi (the rumors of Devil-Tigers trafficking with the
demons of Yomi are best not propagated). The Cerulean Veils,
however, call upon the inhabitants of both the Yin and Yang
Worlds with equal facility; the greatest of them travel among
these realms with little fear.

The Cerulean Veils are not restricted from learning any
tite, but they specialize most frequently in Rites of Propitiation
— those rituals requesting services from the kami in exchange
for an offering. This set of rites is available asa specialization of
the Rituals skill. Storytellers should feel free to develop their
own rites; those below provide examples and templates.

Rites oF PRropjTATjON

Concjrjarory Doorway Rjruar
(Lever Zero Rjre)

Every place has a kami, and the boundaries between places
possess them as well: the sae no kami. This very brief rite
appeases the sae no kami as the Kuei-jin steps through a
doorway, gate or similar border structure.

System: The character makes no roll to enact the rite. The
ritualist simply scatters a small pinch of salt or powdered jade as
she passes the boundary. At the same time, she recites a short
prayer, one from ancient tradition or one particular to the
individual sae no kami. Most Cerulean Veils keep a small pouch
of powder handy for this rite, but only the most traditional— or
cautious —perform the rite at every doorway. Most reserve it for
the kami of places they frequent, or for times when the spirits pay
close attention. This rite's performance is crucial to the success
of the Ritual of the Guarded Alliance, below.


102

Ryuas Graces as Tobie

Followers of the Spirit of the Living Earth Dharma
enact rituals every day, whether for their ancestors, the
spirits of their resting places, the kami who guard local
Dragon Lines, etc: The list goes on, ‘The Kuei-jin cannot

| just perform these rituals spontaneously, however. Even
allowing room for originality require some
ion, tools and carefully selected offerings.
torytellers should assess a difficulty penalty when the
-jin works under less than ideal conditions, or lower the
ifficulty when the character invests particular care in
ritual preparation. A penalty of one to difficulty may be
"appropriate when the Kuei-jin makes a suitable substitution
tc , like scattering bits of paper for salt. The
oryteller can incura penalty of two or more when a tool or
missing and excluded ftom the ritual: In other
itual simply needsa specific requirement, or it will
fail —for instance, a piece of jade when attempting to make
a jade boat. The Storyteller may award cumulative bonuses
of one a piece for performing the rite atian auspicious time
(determined by a successful Intelligence + Portents roll
(difficulty 6), notnecessarily by the ritualist), and forsecuring
particularly fine materials, suchas the highest quality incense
"or rope hand-twisted by nuns.

What follows is a short list of ritual implements and
areas. Itis by no means complete. Most of the items' names
are from the Shinto tradition (and therefore Japanese),
while othersare Buddhist (and froma variety of languages).
The Storyteller or player may need to research names and

" words bestfittingagiven character's linguistic background.
Generally, the Dharma tries using the same terminology
to give the disparate groups some commonality.
~The simplest spaces dedicated to the kami are natural
settings left almost entirely pristine: A ygiisanatural
shrine of evergreen trees, with a sacred tree at the center.
An iwasaka is another type of natural shrine, consisting of
an open area encircled by sacred stones. These sites may
be entirely unmarked, or enclosed either with a sacred
rope called a shimenawa or marked with a heihaku, a pole
carrying strips of paper, cloth or metal that signifies the
presence eof the kami. Shrines with buildings are often
called path to the honden— the inner sanctuary
_ always a winding one, usually lined with pillars or
arches called torii, Particularly developed shrines may
have separate areas for supplicants or lay people to pray
(the haiden ) and for priests to conduct rites (the heiden),
as well as outbuildings specifically built for purification
i 13 for ancestors, called tamaya or butsudan, are

all and located in the house of a descendent,
it of the oldest vit Seals member.

The sae no kami can be fierce guardians when invoked
properly and treated with respect. Spirits propitiated year after
long year by wise Kuei-jin are likely to be fiercer still. This rite
entreats and empowers the sae no kami of the vampire's resting
place to serve as its guardian. The sae no kami is considered a
base-level nushi (see Kindred of the East, p. 87), until the
Kuei-jin commissions it to act as guardian. Then it gains
appropriate abilities mentioned below.

Heresies or THe Way

System: The Kuei-jin must perform the Conciliatory
Doorway Ritual (see above) faithfully for at least a consecutive
lunar month in the same location before performing this rite.
The ritualist must first cleanse the threshold of his resting place
with salt water and clean linen, though Kuei-jin who follow
Mongolian traditions must take great care not to step on the
threshold directly, nor stand with one foot to either side; they
must always be fully inside or outside the space. While the
threshold dries, the vampire writes prayers of supplication and
thanks on strips of paper, then hangs the strips on either side of
the doorway, so the prayers are invoked whenever someone
enters or leaves the space. The ritualist then calls the sae no
kami, offering it three points of Yin or Yang Chi. The player
rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty 7); each success results
in a full day during which the sae no kami will only allow
entrance to those specified by the ritualist, or, ifshe chooses, to
those speaking the prayer used in the Conciliatory Doorway
Ritual. The tatari imposed for botching this ritual forces the
failed caster to succeed ata Willpower test to cross through any
gate or doorway in this area.

Additionally, the sae no kami is a base-level nushi with 20
Chi and seven points divided among Rage, Gnosis and
Willpower. A successful casting of this ritual further empowers
the kami as though it were a spirit equal to a "Nushi Cost" of
three points. Two points automatically work toward purchasing
a Charm appropriate to its duty (Storytellers discretion, see
Kindred of the East, pgs. 211- 212 for a list of appropriate
Charms), while the remaining point can purchase one of the
four remaining powers listed in the Nushi Background.

Rjte or Beseeching REMEMBRANCE
(Leven Taree Ryre)

Even words have spirits — and the stronger the words, the
stronger the resulting kotodama. The kami created by sealed
pacts and sworn oaths have a particularly long life; even
centuries later, Kuei-jin who know where to look can read the
exact terms of a long-forgotten bargain between kami and
supplicant.

The Cerulean Veils keep the very existence of this rite a
well-hidden secret. Belonging to a heretical Dharma is bad
enough; possessing the ability to rifle through others' close-
kept dealings ushers in a whole new level of danger. The Veils
most often use this ritual to inform themselves of a kami's
habits —can this rite bind it, does it have a preference for that
offering? The potential for blackmail is impossible to ignore,
however, and more than one Kuei-jin has kept her skin intact
by clever use of this rite.

System: The ritualist must perform this rite in the same
location that the pact or oath the ritualist wishes to review was
pronounced. Before the rite, the vampire must personally make
a sheaf of fine paper (pounding ritual prayers into the pulp
while flattening and smoothing it), and a brush of fox-tail hairs.
After laying these materials out for use, the ritualist strikes a
bronze bowl three times, then fills it with her own Chi-suffused
blood (sacrificing three points of Yin or Yang Chi). Before the
spilling blood stills the ringing of the bowl completely, the
Kuei-jin calls forth the kotodama, specifying what she knows of
the bargain. The player rolls Charisma + Occult (base difficulty
of 7); the caster of the rite must know the identity of at least one
participant in the previous ritual, but, knowledge of all its
participants grants a reduction of one to this rite's difficulty.
The difficulty increases by one for each century between the
inquired ritual and Rite of Beseeching Remembrance.

-_

If the rite succeeds, the kotodama appears and takes the
brush. While using the bowl of bloodasink, itabsorbs the offered
Chi. The spirit writes out the bargain or oath exactly as it was
made, in whatever language itwas fashioned (spoken agreements
are transcribed). The ritual takes an hour to complete, and
possibly longer in the case of extremely complex and legal
agreements. Angering the kami; either by botching the ritual's
roll, appeating bored or impatient or by falling asleep while the
kotodama is completing its task, results in a tatari. Fora period of
time (Storyteller's discretion), any agreements that the ritualist
enters becomes common knowledge in the Mirror Lands, with
the newly formed kotodama spreading the information.

STRENGTHENING THE Cras's Seu Rite
(Lever Four Rye)

The most powerful sae no kamiare those standing between
the worlds. Only the most erudite and practiced Cerulean Veils
dare call on them for aid with any hope of success. Once
summoned and mollified, the sae no kami may deign to either
strengthen or weaken the Wall in the local area for a short
period of time according to the petitioner's request. This is
commonly referred to as "stepping through the kami's shadow."

System: While no specific propitiation rituals are required
prior to this rite, the Kuei-jin must be in good standing with the

kami he intends to beseech. The rite is deceptively quick, and
often used when time is of the essence. The ritualist places a jade
token on the ground. If he must use an imbued jade talisman to
follow in the crab's footsteps, he places that on the ground as well.
He then quickly sanctifies the area using a purification wand, and
intones a complex prayer. The prayer is ripe with nuanced tonal
cadences and must be repeated exactly for the ritual to succeed;
this requires successful Intelligence + Performance (difficulty 7).
Once the kami is summoned, the Kuei-jin makes his request to
raise or lower the Wall. The player makesa Charisma + Rituals roll
(difficulty 6); if the roll succeeds, the kami is satisfied with the jade
token and fulfills the request. If the roll fails, the kami still honors
the request, but requires an additional service to be revealed and
performed ata later time. The sae no kami uses the Kuei-jin's Chi
to power its effect on the Wall — the kami may raise or lower the
Wall's rating by one point per Chi point donated, to a maximum
of 10 or a minimum of 2.

When.the Kuei-jin uses this rite to cover an escape, the sae
fio kami will strengthen the Wall after the vampire makes his
way through. This effect fades at a rate of one point per minute,
usually plenty of time for a good head start. Botching this roll
during the ritual may result in a tatari preventing the ritualist
from entering any spirit world for a period of time dictated by
the Storyteller's discretion.

104 a Heresies or THe Way
Tue Reseuijous DauGuter oF PRiVjLEG!

Quote: Is that for me? How sweet!

Prelude: You are the daughter of a wealthy family.
who always got what she wanted. The older you grew, the
more outrageous your desires became. You were involved
with the bloodier and less pleasant aspects of animist
nature worship initially, at first because you found it
intriguing and later because it was obvious how much it
irritated your parents.

In school, you met a boy on the outs with the cool
crowd who'd just been dumped by his sweetheart. Out of
a combination of sadism and boredom on your part and
desperation on his, you both kidnapped and tortured
the ex-girlfriend to death. Seems the boyfriend hadn't
considered death to be the obvious end result of your
ministrations, and he lashed out at you, murdering you
as well. With any luck, he committed
suicide after the fact.

After fighting your way free of
the demons who reenacted your
murderous tortures on the poor girl,
you took the Second Breath and
naturally gravitated towards, the
Spirit of the Living Earth. The
Dharma matched your living beliefs,
such as they were, and its edgy and
rebellious state suits your outlooks
nicely. Besides, you could never }
survive the Quincunx's «stifling
autocratic-like hierarchy, not while
you were at the bottom of the pyramid.
You much prefer remaining in control and at
the top of the food chain.

Concept: You exist somewhere between the
rebellious teen and the spoiled brat, with the power of
immortality acting as a strong intoxicant. The other
Spirit of the Living Earth in your city believe you are
most likely to land yourself in serious trouble, more
so than any other Running Monkey they've
encountered ina half century. You'll likely be burned
badly before achieving any real enlightenment, but
Heaven help anyone who angers you too greatly in
the meantime.

Roleplaying Hints: You're keenly aware of your
Dharma's propensity for self-indulgent sulking, and
you couldn't care less where their limits lie. It's all
about you and what youwant; damn anyone or anything
that dares step in your way. When you're in a good mood,
you like to make things bleed. When you're in a foul
mood, however...

Equipment: A schoolgirl's costume, but you're sure to
deface it in some capacity, a semi-hidden weapon (gun or
knife) most of the time, and plenty of tools with which to
manipulate the spirits.


NAME: 2ebellious DaugitexofPeiviege MATURES Child BALANCE: ‘Yin
PLAYER: P/O NATURE: The Deceivek DIRECTION: South
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: ani Wu:
‘PHYSICAL MENTAL
| Strength, @@0000 Charisma. e@@0000 Perception. @@e000
Dexterity, @000 Manipulation__eeeee0 Intelligence. @@e@e000
| Stamina_____e 00000 Appearance___ee@ee@e@oco Wits @0000
ABjLTIES -
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. @00000 Academics. 000000
Athletics, @00000 Caafts 000000 Computer. @e@0000
Brawl > 00000 Drive______®00000 Finance, @@0000
Dodge. @00000 Etiquette. @00000 Investigation, 000000

Empathy___  ®0 0000
Expression____ @® ®0000
Intimidation___eee00o0
Leadership_____90 00000
Streetwise____ ® 00000
Subterfuge____@ @® 000

DISCIPLINES
Wi

Firearms_____000000
Martial Arts___0 00000
Melee_____90 00000
Performance___®00000
Stealth______eo00000
Survival_____000000

ADVANTAGES

BACKGROUNDS

Linguistics____@ ®0000
Medicine_____9000000
Occult, 000000
Politics______®00000
Rituals____®00000
Science_____®00000

RITES

e@00000 Allies 00000 Hakmonious Shielding of the

Flame Shintai © 00000 Contacts _@ 00000 —Guarded Home

flesh Shintai _@ 00000 Hokascope __@ 00000 = —______.
OO0O000O0 Késoucees _@@@000
OOO0O0OO0O its _ @ 00000
IN CHI DHARMA Spit of the Living Eaxth/ Loerie
Bruised Qa
ok $5 0000 Hurt 40
<S45000 % @e@e@00 How 20
e WILLPOWER Wounded a
s Mauled 20
@ e @e@e@eee00000 Crippled 50
% ®@ go00000000 Incapacitated Q
ey 600000 a
@ee0e
WD, 000
OG mo ome
YANG CHI nnogogdgunongoagananag


106 Heresies oF rue Way

Tue Unrorrunate BystanpER
Quote: Honestly, [don't have any more of aclue than you do.
Prelude: Look, truth be told, younever thought you were

all that bad a guy. No one was more surprised than you when
you ended up in Hell after the car accident. Sure, there were
land deals where you took thousands from the poor and
evicted them to resell their property for quintuple their
value. Certainly, there was the time you authorized the
cheaper building materials that didn't pass code, but who
could predict those intense spring storms? The dozens who
died should have left right after the storm warnings, but they
didn't. They had to gather their worthless belongings and no-
prospect children first. Not your problem.

When you ended up in Hell, though, you knew you
had to get out, if only to make clear that it hadvall
been a terrible mistake, that you didn't belong
there at all. You got out, and the people who
brought you back to sanity and consciousness
did so through drilling the importance of
appeasing the nature spirits who got you into
this bind. You weren't particularly religious or
spiritual in life, but it doesn't seem like you
have much of a choice except entreating with
the spirits, now that you're dead. You have
much to learn, and you.aren't the most
dedicated student, but you're coming along.

Concept: You're an Asian gentleman in
his forties who was certainly bad enough to
end up in Hell but remains in'denial. You're
an accidental member of the Dharma, in that
you were swept into it by the vampires who
found you in chih-mei. Otherwise, you seem
like a nice enough person until it actually
matters. Then you'll either screw someone
over for the bottom line (again, not your
problem), ornot be around when it really matters
because it isn't your fight.

Roleplaying Hints: Think car salesman or real
estate agent. You're smooth and consider yourself
charming, but you're really acommon shade of sleazy.
Even strangers don't get too close to you, but you have
a way of finagling people into helping you... against
their better judgment.

Equipment: You wear a business suit that's seen
better days. Bare feet, though, for better contact with
earth kami. It was something your mentor told you,
which might be bullshit; but you're not ready to call
him on it yet. You've got a briefcase, but right now,
there's nothing to carry around in it, so it's empty.


NAME: Unfortunate Bystandex NATURE: Axchitect

BALANCE: (2,)Anced

| PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Zacbakian DIRECTION: East
| CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Confokmist Wu:
ATTRIBUTES =
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @@0000 Charisma, fonene) Perception, @@0000
| Dexterity. @@@000 Manipulation e@e00o Intelligence, @e0000
| Stamina_____@e@e0oo0o Appearance___@eee@eo0d Wits e@e@0000
- ABjLTIES
TALENTS SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____0 00000
Athletics_____6000000
Brwl_______odo0o000o0
Dodge_____0900000
Empathy_____odo00000
Expression____ @ ®0000
Intimidation___@® 00000
Leadership____@®@®0000
Streetwise____@® 00000
Subterfuge____ @® @@® 000

Animal Ken. 000000
Crafts. H:G'OO'O 6
Drive @®00000

Etiquette. @@0000
Firearms____0 00000
Martial Arts___@®00000

Melee______oo00000
Performance. @00000
Stealth____ 000000
Survival, 000000

Academics. 900000
Computer______@®@®0000
Finance @@e@000
Investigation, @00000
Law_____++=—ee®0000
Linguistics____ @®00000
Medicine_____9000000
Politics, @@0000
Rituals, @00000
Science______®00000

= . ADVANTAGES -

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Equllbeiaa @ 00000 Mies BO OOOO
000000 000000

000000 000000
YIN CHI DHARMA Spikit of the Giving Eaxth/t HALT
oe! Cy HUN Bruised ; 5
0:0 Hurt -
S 6000 es @e@000000 a
& WILLPOWER ‘Wounded 20
é eeeeecco0o Me fd
@ ppled
e @ gogogoggogddgodnoudaodnuoououo Incapacitated Q
@
Po JMBALANCE
S pact e@e@0000000
a ooo er eel
YANG CHi ogQnogogogogogondNd


108
Tne Wise Ou Man

Quote: Come closer, and I will impart the wisdom of

the ages
Prelude: During the wars with the French and the
Americans — a lifetime ago! — you committed terrible

crimes... horrifying things, really. You were
familiar enough with the kami and their
ways to know your acts stained your soul for
eternity. You never repented. Youknew the
forgiveness of the dead was something you'd
never earn. You did lead as gooda life as you
could, after ‘73. You married and started a
family. You taught your children what you
knew about the world of spirits, and the
atrocities perpetrated by the Americans and
the French against your homeland. Your
children didn't care to hear it. They turned
their attention eastward, over the Pacific. It
didn't really matter, you knew. There was a
stain on your soul, and that's all the spirits saw.

You died of a heart attack a few years ago and
were initially resigned to the torments of Hell. You
knew you deserved this bitter fate, deserved your
punishment for the atrocities committed in the
name of your country. After a few years of
unrelentingly original cruelty and horror, however,
it dawned on you... you could flee. There was a world
awaiting your return and eventually, you escaped.
Now, despite your relative youth among the dead,
your long experience in life serves you well. The
young — or apparently young —Kuei-jin are
accustomed to deferting to someone of your aged (Bp
appearance, so you have a little more status than you \.
deserve. You fought for years against imperialist CAN
oppressors in your homeland, and you've now realized Sg
the Quincunx might make for a good next target.

Concept: You've always held the spirits and the old
ways in reverence since your youth. Your worst crimes
are long behind you, and you're not certain how
comfortable you are reprising them in your new state.
The Spirit of the Living Earth provides you with an
opportunity to lay the past to rest and placate the kami
directly for your part as a soldier.

Roleplaying Hints: Play up your role as wise, elder
statesmen among your associates —even if some of them
are older than you are. You carry a fair amount of knee-
jerk resentment toward Americans and the French, and
it doesn't take much to expand that to cover all of
Europe. Fortunately, the Quincunx has less love for
Westerners, and are doing their best to eliminate the
Occidental shen in your part of the world. Since the
Quincunx is distracted, however...

Equipment: An old spear carved and inscribed
with small images sacred to the spirits, several talismans
and fetishes, simple peasant garb, a wristwatch and a
pair of glasses.


NAME: Wise Old Man

NATURE: Sane

BALANCE: "2alanced

‘PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Zandit DIRECTION: I\est
| CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Jiacitionalist = Wr
- ATTRIBUTES -
PHYSICAL SOCIAL
Strength. @00000 Charisma @@@000 Perception,
| Dexterity, @@0000 Manipulation__eee000 Intelligence
Stamina______@@@000 Appearance___e@oooo Wits @@0000
= ABILITIES ;
TALENTS ‘SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. 000000 Animal Ken @00000 Academics 000000
Athletics, 000000 Crafts. @00000 Computer 000000
Brawl 000000 Drive. 000000 Investigation. e@00000

Dodge_____000000
Empathy___e®@®0000
Expression_____@® ®0000
Intimidation___® 00000
Leadership____ _ @@0000
Streetwise____9000000
Subterfuge___®e0000

Etiquette______ @®00000
Firearms___ 9000000
Martial Arts, 000000
Meditation. 000000

Melee______9000000
Stealth, 000000
Survival, @@0000

ADVANTAGES

Law______@®00000
Linguistics___@®@0000
Medicine_____— ®@ ®@0000
Occult_____ ee e0000
Politics___ ss ®@ @0000
Rituals, @@e@000
Science. o00000

Chiu Muh _@ 00000 Hoxoscohs _@ @0000 ThacathaDessows Gland
PexronShintai @00000 Kesources _@ 00000 Sehold the Shixit's Dookway

dade Shintai @ 00000 Lites ee eeee0 eyed ames

000000 000000
000000 000000 Guarded Home
YIN CHI DHARMA Shikit of the Giving Eacth/t — .
Bruise
oe Ory, HUN i ia
O0O00000 urt
<SGG000 % eee Injured 10
O WILLPOWER Wounded 20
: eeceee00000 Mailed 70
@ @ Crippled 50
% @ 8900000000  ircapacitaed
®
(e, PO JMBALANCE
oe @@e@0000000
Se exer') oO ee al
Coo aes
YANG CHi GOOD OOOO0R0


Heresies oF THe Way

Je |

PERSONA
Orsecg Arran, Heretjcar Ancestor

Otbeg Altan is currently the Spirit of the Living
Earth's eldest and wisest ancestor in the northern parts of
the Middle Kingdom. Sincethe Dharma's numbers remain
a mystery — there is no roster anywhere —no one can say
with any certainty whether Altan is truly the wisest of his
Dharma throughout the world. It seems likelier that at
least one of Riyan's other students walks the Earth as a
bodhisattva even now.

Altan was born in 1677, a Khalka Mongol. He followed
the old shamanistic ways, and even as a young boy was said
to possess the Sight. He sensed when spirits were nearby,
and often knew how to appease them without havinglearned
any formal rituals. A quick student, Otbeg was fourteen
years old and quite familiar with the shaman's world when
his greater tribe pledged allegiance to China's Qing Dynasty.

For reasons of his own, however, Otbeg refused to bend
his knee to the Manchus— not that anyone explicitly asked
him to do so. Along with a dozen other young men, all
hunters and warriors comfortable living on the steppe without
support from civilization, Otbeg Altan fled the towns of
Mongolia and the oppression of the Qing.

For the next thirty years, Otbeg and his band lived as
guerilla fighters, after the old Mongolian ways, by harassing
Qing outposts and soldiers and surviving off the land.
Many other Mongols still resisted the Chinese occupation
as well, so Otbeg's band received significant support and
earned allies among the friendly tribes to whom they could
turn to for aid.

Over the course of those twenty-five years, Otbeg's
band grew increasingly desperate. At first they fancied
themselves liberators, jolly pirates of the steppe and heroes
of the oppressed and downtrodden. Over time and with each
successive loss of territory and control, however, the band of
brothers found it necessary to take more drastic measures to
stop the encroachment of the Manchus. While they might
once have engaged in daring raids on military outposts, they

now burnt the homes of innocent Chinese relocated into
Mongolian territory, killing those within.

Otbeg Altan finally died surrounded by Chinese soldiers
in Manchuria in 1735. His arrival in Hell.— he rarely
discusses his experiences there, nor how he fled ‘came as
quite a surprise to him. After his escape and Second Breath,
he returned to his revolutionary ways, using his newfound
abilities to better resist the Chinese and Russians invading
his country. He also developed a close relationship with the
spirits of his homeland, and learned from the few Spirit of
the Living Earth Wan Kuei he encountered.

Otbeg came into continued contact and conflict with
the Blood Court of Beijing, which frequently sent its most
unruly young Running Monkeys out into the provinces to
"subjugate the heretics." As his unlife progressed and he
gained greater insight into the practices of the spirits and
their impact upon his soul, Altan also noticed most vestiges
of his mortal life fading away. After a century of unlife, he
realized the only constant relationships he possessed were
with Wan Kuei he'd met since taking the Second Breath.
Some were of Spirit of the Living Earth, but others belonged
to other Dharmas.

Since that time, Otbeg hasacted less like a revolutionary
firebrand and been more a teacher of younger Kuei-jin.
While he does not place any special significance on the
Dharma's relationship with Shinto, he does his best to
coexist with Shintoist followers of the Dharma (though he
would be the first to admit he does not always succeed). He
does not use Shinto terms for spirits, rites and traditions
within the Dharma, however, preferring the traditional
Mongol terms for them.

Otbeg has contacts within the Blood Court in Beijing,
and on occasion, learns of impending action by the Blood
Court against heretics in Mongolia. When possible, he
shares this information with others without revealing its
source, which he typically ascribes to the spirits.

Altan claims to be on friendly terms with any Cerulean
Veil he encounters, but the truth is that he and Liao Hong
have not spoken in decades, nor has he done more than
exchange letters with Hiroko Tanaka since before WWII.
He secretly believes Tanaka truly akuma, poisoned by the
Demon Chi in Hiroshima and Nagasaki; he does not share
his misgivings with his students, however, because he fears
he might be wrong and commityet the same crime commonly
perpetuated by the Quincunx against those of his own
Dharma. Regardless, Altan accepts truly inquisitive students
of the Dharma, no matter who their other teachers.

Altan can be assumed to know Mongolian variations on
most spirit rites below level six, including those listed earlier
in this chapter as ascribed as Spirit of the Living Earth
specialty rites.

HyroKo Tanaxa, Acuma Manparin
Hiroko' Tanaka is not the real name of this Spirit of
the Living Earth Kuei-jin, but it will do nicely. Hiroko
Tanaka is, in fact, merely the name'of the body into
which an ill-tempered peasant woman's spirit escaped as
it fled Hell. It was an exceptionally convenient body,
however, for Hiroko Tanaka, rather than being a
semiliterate peasant with a penchant for drowning her
newborn children, was a noblewoman of some repute.
After recovering from chih-mei, Hiroko Tanaka had enough
money to bribe family members and other contacts into

The Spit oF THE Living Earn

———

forgetting all about the fancy funeral her husband had
given her. It was a hoax, she claimed; Tanaka's husband
drowned just a few weeks after her return. This was a few
decades before the Meiji Restoration began in 1868. Her
husband's death gave Hiroko Tanaka enough money to
pack up and leave her family estate near Edo entirely. Her
husband's family did not learn to where she had fled, but
assumed after a few years that she died, really died this
time, or fallen in among foreigners.

The peasant woman inhabiting Tanaka's body had
lived in a simple mountain village before her suicide and
followed traditional methods of appeasing the spirits in her
daily life. As Tanaka, she moved to Sapporo, to be closer
to an elder of the Spirit of the Living Earth Dharma, a
charismatic bodhisattva from the early days of the Fifth
Age. Tanaka was one of his most attentive students, and
when he finally left the mortal plane, she — just fifty years
dead —began teaching other Dharma students where her
master had left off.

Hiroko Tanaka rejected the division between Buddhism
and Shinto, so artificially segregated during the Meiji
Restoration, as did her master and most of her students.
They realized the various kami traditions across Japan could
not be easily unified into a single state religion whose main
purpose was not to venerate the spirits, but rather, to
venerate the Emperor. By the inception of the 20th century,
however, many Running Monkeys within the Spirit of the
Living Earth habitually used Shinto terms for many aspects
of the Dharma's conventions. Tanaka did not disabuse those
young Kuei-jin of their habits, though. She realized the
Dharma needed to meet change as the world did.

WwW

Tanaka was instrumental in gaining the tacit
disengagement of both Houses Bishamon and Genji regarding
the Spirit of the Living Earth. Although the Quincunx's
houses had long declared the Dharma heretical and downright
dangerous to "right-thinking Kuei-jin," Tanaka's group had
enough in common with both major Japanese houses that it
wasn't hard to convince them to simply leave the Dharma
alone. House Bishamon consists primarily of Japanese
traditionalists, who believe enlightenment stems from
holding fast to the old ways — something the Spirit of the
Living Earth does as well. Members of House Genji, on the
other hand, approached Tanaka more than once for help in
dealing with kami; that house's many members have forged
pacts with modern spirits of electricity and metal to help
them with various tasks.

Just after the Imperial surrender to end the Second
World War, Tanaka and her students acted as intermediaries
for negotiations between the two houses regarding the
hellholes erupting in both Nagasaki and Hiroshima.
Unfortunately, during those negotiations, Tanaka first tapped
into the tainted Chi near those two cities. Due to her
unprecedented level of activity, she found herself using
more and more Chi in her nightly travels and conflicts with
the Yama Kings' servants. Finally, one night near dawn,
Tanaka was low on both Yin and Yang Chi; rather than risk
dissolution, she fed on the tainted Chi-infused mortals
who'd fled from the firestorms of Nagasaki.

This seemingly trivial act had vast repercussions.
Tanaka's P'o took over for a few nights. When next her
Hun regained control over her corpse, she found herself
facing a small group of Bishamon Running Monkeys who
accused her of being akuma. Knowing the accusation to be
both false and sufficient to destroy her reputation, Tanaka
destroyed all three Kuei-jin, burned their bodies, then
returned to her contacts in House Bishamon and pretended
all was well.

Soon, however, events spiraled out of Tanaka's control.
The negotiations were faring poorly and Tanaka found
herself facing questions regarding the disappearance of the
three Kuei-jin. Rather than run for the hills, she turned to
the forbidden Ritual of the Black Peony. Tanaka contacted
the Yama King Emma-o and offered up part of her soul in
return for increased facility in the political and occult
arenas. Emma-o, having just vanquished the Yama King
Pika Don, had been secretly considering Tanaka as a
candidate for shikome status. Emma-o granted the investment.
Tanaka then ably extracted herself from the problems she'd
been in, placating both Bishamon and Genji.

Over the subsequent half-century, Tanaka has schemed
to escape Emma-o's influence, but has yet to succeed and
will not likely do so; the Yama King sees Tanaka's final
perversion as one of the keys to his ascension to the Demon,
Emperor's Throne. His pawns are in place and even now,
they maneuver the Genji and Bishamon to drive Tanaka
into Emma-o's waiting arms.



Carrer Five: The Scorjon Earti

113

CHAPTER FIVE:
fHE SEORPION
EATERS

"You a Kindred?" Hollywood Yip asked in his smooth-
clipped English.

The gweilo squirmed in his seat, barbwire digging
through his Armani silk cuffs and into his wrists and the
chair's arm rests.

"Bitch. Ask a simple question," Yip said, drowning a
burning cigarette into the vampire's eyelid. He screamed.
The horror-stricken restaurant patrons wailed in response.
One-Ball Tony leveled his scorpion-imprint Uzi at the
crowd huddling in the corner. That shut them up.

Yip took a drag off his cigarette, flaring it back up, and
grabbed the gweilo's jaw. He pointed the cigarette at his
prisoner's other eye, threatening to burn it as well.

"I'm Kindred! I'm Kindred!" the gweilo confessed
in fear.

Yip fell back into his seat with his movie-perfect grin
"Well fuck, man. Why didn't you say so? You could have
saved yourself the ass-kicking."

"You're... you're going to kill me, anyway," the gweilo
said, his dignity lost beneath hiccuped, dry sobs.

"That's not what I had planned," Yip said. "I was going
to offer you a cut in my operations if you could help me
move heroin through San Francisco's port authority." Yip
gestured to the cowering humans. "I even brought food to
celebrate our new partnership, but... now it looks like I'll
be eating alone."

"What? Why?" the panic-stricken gweilo asked

"Because you cry like a little Quincux bitch." Yip
pulled his pistol and emptied the clip into the gweilo's
skull. "And I hate that."

Tue Scorpjon Eaters
ViRTUEs P'o

Like a-scorpion, this stuff will kill you if you don't handle it
right» But, if you can't handle it, you're not fit to live, are you?

— Ringo Chen, gangster

The Sixth Age is almost here and the corruption will
only spread... that's the reality of the Scorpion Eaters. The
Scorpion Eaters are a new Dharma, a product of the 20th
century's push towards industry. In a world dying under the
toxic cloud of progress and the impending arrival of the
Sixth Age, some Kuei-jin ate surviving on the changes
rather than fighting them.

The first Scorpion Eaters emerged after learning to feed
off the poisoned bile pervading the desolated Hiroshima and
Nagasaki. With each toxic discovery of so-called progress,
more Scorpion Eaters emerged. This was a rapid conclusion
to a slower inevitability creeping throughout Asia already.

The-drive for industry elbowed the Far East's nations
to cannibalize their own resources; less than 10% of
China's and Japan's forests survived the lumber industry's
steel teeth, forcing these twin juggernauts into the
Brazilian jungles for wood. Slowly the Earth dies, Chi
grows more poisonous and more Kuei-jin learn how to
feed off the feces of the world.

The Scorpion Eaters are the orphans of the hollow
society that created them. They are children of the modern.
nights, welcoming everything today's culture offers: from
her fastest cars to her deadliest drugs, from her soulless high-
tises to the organized plunder of the ecology. More, bigger,
faster. They act like thugs and gangsters, killing someone for
looking at them the wrong way; John Woo, Ringo Lam and
Tsui Hark are the Dharma's messiahs of violence, while the
Scorpion Eaters, in turn, are their two-gunned acolytes.
Still, there is a price to pay, and the Scorpion Eaters owe
nominal fealty to the Yama Kings for giving them the ability
to survive where no one else can. Thus, they cannot-escape
being eventually marked by Demon Shintai Characteristics.

While the Scorpion Eaters appear similar to the Devil-
Tigers, they differ in terms of consequence. The Devil-
Tigers understand cause, effect and responsibility, while
the Scorpion Eaters do not seek to punish the wicked or act
in accordance with some perceived role in the universe.
The Devil-Tigers may cast shadows to contrast the light,
but the Scorpion Eaters are the shadows. They ate spiritually
void, as empty as a mirror-cast reflection. Instead of relying
on a spiritual ethos, they enjoy wholly physical pursuits.
They embody hedonism, and ponder only the immediacy
of their vices. There is rarely long-term planning aside
from survival. Instead they live in the most physical,
intimate moments.

The Yama Kings are aware of these Kuei-jinand tolerate
them. It's simply not necessary to turn them akuma when
they'll probably come looking for it themselves, and it's not
worth the effort hunting them down. Regardless, by allowing
the Scorpion Eaters to spread their poison and dependence
on tainted Chi, the Sixth Age's arrival accelerates. Their
actions lower the number of Kuei-jin dedicated to opposing
the masters of hell. Just as the shark tolerates — and even

‘Heresies oF THE Wa

benefits from —the lamprey clinging to its skin, feeding on
its blood and cleaning its body, so to do the Yama Kings
tolerate the Scorpion Eaters who travel and feed in the wake
of their corruption.

The ancestors excoriate the Scorpion Eaters for several
reasons. First, and most immediate, by refusing to join the
fight against the Yama Kings, the Dharma robs the
Quincunx of allies and warriors in its greatest struggle,
Secondly, while the Scorpion Eaters do not serve the Yama
Kings, they nevertheless promote their agenda of decay
and corruption. In the Quincunx's eyes, that makes them
akuma and minions of Yomi.

By actively fostering the consumption of tainted Chi,
they lure other Kuei-jin away from the path of righteousness
and promote the further degradation of Dragon Nests,
which deprives virtuous, hungry dead of necessary survival,
Finally, the Scorpion Eaters actively turn aside from the
path of enlightenment. They preach a gospel (if it can be
called that) of short-term gain, physical pleasure and
wanton destruction. Only their delight in sense and
sensation prevents them from walking the Road Forward;
they always seem a step away from descending into a
permanent state of chih-mei.

Sadly, the Dharma's glamorous lifestyle and devil-may-
care attitude seduces many young Kuei-jin, especially those
who have taken the Second Breath in the last decade, As
nihilism and hedonism overtake more young mortals and
lead many to early deaths from overindulgence and violence,
so too do the ranks of the Scorpion Eaters swell. By embracing
the very essence of the modern age and rejecting the
"antiquated and foolish traditions" that sustained Kuei-jin
society for centuries, the Eaters are a walking affront to all
tight-thinking, hungry dead.

This Dharma has produced no bodhisattvas, nor likely
will it. This is due in part to the Dharma's youth; it has only
existed in the years following WWII. With few exceptions,
its adherents are young and reckless. More telling, however,
is that its followers reject enlightenment as a goal worth
pursuing. They have decided that if everything is preordained
by the August Personage, then nothing they do really matters;
they might as well have a good time watching the Great
Cycle crush society under the Wheel of Ages.

Conversely, if everything isn't pre-ordained... if the
ancestors are right and the Yama Kings actually succeed in
bringing the Great Cycle to a stop, then they still have the
best chance to survive and prosper. They've encountered no
opposition from the Yama Kings and no demands for
servitude, so they figure: We must be on the right track.

Scorpion Eaters live the lifestyle of the archetypal, if
not stereotypical, Asian gangster. Drawing their inspiration
from the Hong Kong films of Woo, Lam, and Hark and
modeling themselves on the ultimate suave of Chow Yun
Fat, Anthony Wong, Simon Yam, and Anita Mui, they live
violent, extravagant lifestyles portrayed only in movies.
Working as mob bosses, pimps, assassins, pit fighters, bike
gang leaders, and other extreme types, they feud, fight and
fuck their way through the nights. Scorpion Eaters typically
love technology and the symbols of humanity's "progress."
As harbingers of corruption, environmental ruin, and the
progress of the Great Cycle, the Eaters eagerly subsume
anything bandying about the mantle of modernization.

:
;


Chapter Five: The Scorrjon Eaters

Untroubled by antiquated notions of ethics or
enlightenment, the Scorpion Eaters also give free reign to
their P'o. The tainted Chi they feed on marks their bodies,
but they regard such symbols of Demon Shintai as marks of
power. They are not human, not do they care for the
conventions of mortal life. The corruption they promote
and prosper from does not bother them in the slightest.

Training: The Scorpion Eaters are experiencingasteady
growth in numbers, especially over the last few years. Many
are Kuei-jin faced with despair or succumbing permanently
to the chih-mei state; when their only options are facing the
sun or being destroyed, they eagerly choose instead to join
the Scorpion Eaters.

As a whole, this Dharma isn't big on ritual. They
consider such things childish and a relic of the ancestors'
superstitious ways. The only two rituals the Dharma
possesses allows them to poison existing Dragon Nests
and to inhale tainted breath (what they call "eating
shit'); it's when the Kuei-jin learns to consume tainted
Chi and draw sustenance from it. This involves purging
one's system of Chi and briefly giving in to fire soul. The
Kuei-jin is then given tainted Chi to feed on. If the Kuei-
jin regains control of herself, she's taken the first steps
along the Dharma's path.

Weakness: The Scorpion Eaters willingly blind
themselves to their souls' peril While they are not actually
akuma, their survival depends largely on the goodwill of
the Yama Kings. Curiously, despite having turned away
from enlightenment, the Scorpion Eaters found stability
by embracing their P'o rather than trying to control it. The
fact they haven't permanently succumbed to it leads some
ancestors to believe the Yama Kings are spreading the
Dharma, or perhaps that one or more akuma founded the
movement, hoping to ensnare the weak-minded.
Regardless, the Kuei-jin increasingly hate this
Dharma as perhaps no other; its tenets are a direct
affront to the August Personage and contribute
solely to the agendas of the Yama Kings.

Additionally, many Scorpion Eaters have
noticed that their Demon  Shintai
A characteristics mark them even when they
} aren't in demon form. Reactions to this vary.
} Some wear these marks with pride, claiming
4 them as proof that they'te adapting to an
increasingly corrupt world. Others regard their
aberrations with horror, mostly for fear that

guarantees them unwanted attention from
demon hunters and self-righteous Kuei-
jin. A few more worry that these marks
indicate servitude to the Yama Kings.

MostEaters, however, believe the
demon marks simply the result of the
corrupt Chi forcing its way through their
bodies. The corruption spreads and
eventually brands them (see Demon Shintai
Characteristics, p. 122).

Affiliations: Scorpion Eaters generally congregate
in gangs and shun any affiliations with old terms and
concepts. They exist like their favorite
"gangster," but theit idea of what this life
entails is a product of Hong Kong and
Hollywood movies.

Auspicious Omens and Symbols:
Scorpion Eaters pay little heed to
omens and auspicious signs
Naturally; their symbol is the
scorpion, which often finds
its way. into their tattoos
and jewelry. A
Scorpion Eaters'
Demon Shintai
characteristics are
often marked by
scorpion-like

116

appearance: (chitinous tails, pincers, compound eyes,
chitinous armor, etc.). Among Scorpion society, these are
often worn with a perverse sense of pride; symbols of the
Kuei-jin's survival instincts.

The Dharma's other great symbol is technology. They
favor any high-tech. gadget or toy — the smaller, more
expensive and sophisticated, the better — and many like
leaving "calling cards" in their, wake. The sect particularly
admired the plastic cards with a holographic scorpion image
used by "Limpy" Lo, late of Shanghai:

Concepts: Gangster, biker, assassin, professional fighter

1. Survive, — i oe ,
2. Embrace change, for it's the nature ofall shits,
3. Turn your back on Heaven; the bitch turned its
back on you.
"4, Show no one mercy and expect none in return.

5. Forget the past. Don't dwell on the future.
Live in the moment.

Serve no. one, but respect the strong.
Defend what's yours; to do otherwise i is
showing weakness. oe
8. Spread corruption wherever you can. Force
everyone to adapt toryour standards. ~

Saat

Rjva. Patus

Devil-Tigers: So close, yet so far. Move over bitches,
you had your chance to rule the world and blew it. It's
our turn now.

Resplendent Cranes: You're kidding, right?

Song of the Shadows: Here, since you're so obsessed
with death and detachment, let me give you some up close
and personal experience.

Thousand Whispers: Wear a thousand masks, follow a
thousand lies. Just means I have a thousand reasons not to
trust your ass.

Thrashing Dragons: You guys are alright.) but you're
still too concerned with keeping your hands clean. [t doesn't
mean shit if you've experienced everything in the world, and
still can't exist in it.

Other Heresies: Boo-hoo... the Quincunx doesn't like

e... boo-hoo... they push me around all the time: Guess
what, assholes. If you can't handle the Five Courts, then
you're royally screwed in the Sixth Age.

Kindred: Fuck, these guys know how to party... and at
least they don't hold to any stupid notions about their
"purpose" in creation.

ScorPjon DRreans

What do the ancestors teach? That the Great Cycle
continues, like a cosmic wheel slowly spinning. Creation
must pass through each Age, but, despite this, the Yama
Kings want to stop the Wheel, trapping it in the Age of
Sorrow so they can usurp the August Personage of Jade and
tule... forever.

Heresies oF THE Was

What does the Middle Kingdom teach? That the world
is becoming more yirulently corrupt, both morally and
physically. Politicians and criminals rub shoulders until the
difference between them vanishes. Mankind is destroying
nature through logging, mining, overpopulation, aggressive
harvesting of plants and animals, and pollution. Even mortals
show signs of physical and spiritual depravities, with
environmental contaminants and other poisons, from PCBs
to HIV to brain-eating viruses, infiltrating their bodies.

As a result, sources of pure Chi are growing fewer in
number. Dragon Nests are not as common as they once were,
and the shen controlling them are less inclined to share their
dwindling resources with a bunch of creatures they believe
endemic to the pervasive corruption. Worse yet, some Dragon
Nests are outright poisoned. The Middle Kingdom's ability
to filter out the filth and impurities injected into her skin,
blood and arterial flows of Chi have taken their toll.

What, then, is a Kuei-jin to do? Join the ancestors in
their struggle against the Yama Kings? Even they say the
Yama Kings' rule is inevitable. It sounds like a noble cause,
but the corruption and venality of the elders make their
pleas for noble self-sacrifice a poor jest indeed. More Kuei-
jin are becoming akuma and betraying their comrades.
Regardless whether the Yama Kings succeed in their plans,
itmakes no difference to individual Kuei-jin. If the ancestors
are right and everything is pre-ordained, then it doesn't
matter what you do. If you become akuma, it's because the
August Personage of Jade wills it. Ifthe Yama Kings stop the
Great Cycle, it's either because the August Personage is
consigned to his fate or because the August Personage can't
stop it. In the end the differences don't really matter.

Becoming akuma isn't the answer, either. This simply
places you in service for all eternity. The price demanded by
the Yama Kings is too high and the dangers too great.
Eventually, when the Great Cycle continues and the Sixth
Age gives way to the Seventh, then Eighth, the akuma will
discover their time has passed. The way to survive is not to
back the winning team, but to ensure you can watch the
game in comfort and safety.

The poisoning of the Earth's Chi in this acceleration
towards the Sixth Age is a terrible problem for all shen, but
for the Kuei-jin it is especially terrifying, for their very
survival depends on it. The only answer, it seems, is to learn
how to survive on Chi's poisoned blossoms. There are plenty
of sources of it, and best of all, nobody wants to claim them
— at least not yet. This means those who adapt now can
guarantee their sources will be around for the long, bloody
future ahead. It's become clear to some Kuei-jin that to
survive, they must learn to feed on tainted Chi —without
compromising themselves to the Yama Kings — regardless
how distasteful the notion might seem at first. These Kuei-
jin, born from a spiritually desolate Asia choking on its own
industrial vomit and technological "progress," are the
Scorpion Eaters.

History

For nearly two hundred years, Asia served as playground
for Western powers. After first one nation, then another
forced its way into China, Japan, Korea, India, and other
South-East Asian countries, the local populations learned
some very hard lessons. The first, and perhaps most important,

Cnarrer Five: The Scorpion Earers

was that the future was rapid modernization and
industrialization. Only with a technologically advanced
manufacturing base could any Asian nation hold their own
politically, socially, economically, and militarily.

Various Asian nations ran the race to modernize and
industrialize with differing success, but there was one constant
throughout every country... the plunder and destruction of
natural resources and the landscape. Understandably, by the
end of the 1900s, there was a tremendous backlash against
progress and a few ancestors happily supported the uprising.
The brutal reality remained, however, that if.a nation
wanted to circumvent foreign domination, industrialization
was a necessity.

The Second World War only worsened matters. Human
misery reached new heights, and in the desperate struggle
for resources and revved war production, many countries
abandoned what little restraint they possessed. Finally,
when Hiroshima and Nagasaki vanished in an atomic haze,
itseemed that Hell had literally come to Earth. Jade Scorpion,
a Devil-Tiger in Nagasaki, awoke on the evening after the
nuclear attack and stared out over her ruined city. Retiring
to replenish her diminished reserves of Chi, she made a
terrible discovery. Not only was the city leveled, but its Chi
had also become tainted. Starving and surrounded only by
corruption, she had little choice but to feed on poison.
While Jade Scorpion convulsed in agony from the toxins in
her body, she experienced a dén.

The Kuei-jin, collectively, had failed in their purpose.
The August Personage of Jade allowed them to return from
hell and serve creation once more, but, they'd became so
consumed with their elaborate schemes and self-destructive
search for enlightenment that they forgot their first duty: to
serve Heaven. Lost in the maze of their own making, they
poisoned the Middle Kingdom's very life force. In doing so,
the Sixth Age had surely begun. So conspicuous was their
failure that the August Personage had turned its back on the
Kuei-jin. All that was left now was to survive.

Rising, Jade Scorpion attempted to draw more tainted
Chi into her body, but she could not. Choking and vomiting
while her body recoiled from the toxins, she experienced a
second dén. The iniquity of the ancestors spread and the
Yama Kings' minions grew in power; the Middle Kingdom's
corruption would continue, dwindling sources of pure Chi.
Unless they could learn to consume this tainted Chi, the
Kuei-jin would perish.

Jade Scorpion's body consumed itself, trying to purge
the tainted Chi from its system. Panicked, she cried out to
the Yama Kings. If they allowed her to feed on corrupted
Chi, she wouldn't oppose their rule, nor would she aid the
Quincunx. She only wished to survive. Her answer came
almost immediately. A demon appeared before her, an
intercessor for the Yama Kings. He bore a document,
promising her the ability to feed upon poisoned Chi, thus
rendering her as immune to it as a snake to its own venom.
In exchange, she would teach others her gifts on condition
they too neither hindered the Yama Kings nor aided the
Quincunx. Jade Scorpion agreed; the demon forced her to
chew a live scorpion and use its ichor to seal the pact.
Immediately, her body stopped convulsing and accepted the
tainted Chi; she felt a new-found strength coursing through
her.

AW

Jade Scorpion was the first, but Kuei-jin in other cities,
including Hiroshima.and Hong Kong (where, in the war's
closing months, cannibalism was rampant and the Triads
profiteered on the distribution of "white meat"), arrived at
similar realizations and making similar pacts with the Yama
Kings. They would not serve the Kings of Hell, but neither
would they oppose their rule. To each of them, the demons
addressed them as Scorpion Eaters.

For the handful of Scorpion Eaters emerging in this
turbulent era, the wisdom of their actions was confirmed in
the months immediately following the war's end. The
ancestors' incessant feuding had seen them participate in
petty conflicts to advance their own trivial agendas. Instead
of working together to solve their differences and problems,
they sought scapegoats to justify their fears and serve their
taste for retribution. Once they realized Japan's Chi was
fatally poisoned by the spread of radioactive winds, the
ancestors retreated further into tradition and ritual, all but
ignoring their internal problems in favor of heaping blame
at the feet of Westerners or, worse yet, their own kind,
Everything was a symptom of this heresy or that apostasy.
Seeking retribution was far easier than seeking solutions.

Unfortunately, the wars and destruction continued.
Chemical fogs permeated in the jungles of Korea and
Vietnam; atomic sledgehammers slammed the anvil Pacific
with radiation; chemical spills... deforestation... choking
pollution... and still the ancestors ignored the obvious and
blindly pursued their agendas like tin generals. None of it
was their fault; they were cultured pearls lost in the filth
pens of Westerners. Just watch, the Great Leap Outward
would prove them right.

Jade Scorpion traveled the Middle Kingdom, meeting
with like-minded orphans of the modern age. More so, the
various wars killed many mortals who arose as chih-mei, and
the Quincunx was having a difficult time tracking all the
new Kuei-jin. Many had little wish in joining the Courts of
the Ancestors. They had no faith in the prospect of
enlightenment or serving Heaven when Heaven had so
clearly turned its back on them. All that was left to do was
adapt to the protean modern world and survive as best as one
could. Jade Scorpion and the other heretical Dharmas
prospered from these new vampires who cared little for the
traditions that victimized their mortal years. Their numbers
surged, though some slower than others.

The Quincunx discovered the Scorpion Eaters in the
late ‘70s, but mistakenly believed them isolated incidents.
The Scorpion Eaters were never organized to begin with and
few Scorpions knew one another. So, when the Quincunx
burned out a nest of these akuma, all signs pointed to their
complete eradication. The Courts did not know of Jade
Scorpion, or the fact she was creating a unified set of tenets
to serve the Dharma. When the Quincunx's warriors and
assassins swept through regions, the Eaters simply withdrew
to their poisoned Dragon Nests, knowing few would follow
them there. The Courts underestimated the extent of this
Dharma's influence and membership.

It's only recently that the Quincunx discovered the
Scorpion Eaters actually exist as an entirely new Dharma
and threat. There is little they can do, however, since the
Scorpions remain an enigma and essentially uncharted
waters. The Quincunx only has the vaguest inkling of their


agendas and practices. They know the Dharma dwells on the
fringes of Kuei-jin society, feeding on the Middle Kingdom's
scabs and sores. Whenever a Dragon Nest becomes tainted,
they move in and claimit for their own. They also congregate
around Broken Mirrors (see p. 122 below and Killing Streets,
pp 104-107 for mote information on Broken Mirrors) and
other locations where human misery or misfortune perverts
the natural flow of Chi. Otherwise, the Quincunx believes
the Dharma are true akuma and products of the burgeoning
Sixth Age. Unfortunately, everything else about them is
cloaked in mystery and ignorance.

jackais FEEDjNG ON THE
Corpse oF VjrTUE

The
stems directly from the Lords of H
they require the Scorpion Eaters to become true akuma
by foreswearing portions of their souls or by pledging
? The truth is that none of
nakuma
fort and

corpion Eaters' ability to feed on tainted Chi
Il. Why, then, don't

complete fealty to th
these measures are necessary. The creation of 2
requires a certain investment of time, e
supervision; to be truly effective, the Kuei-jin supplicant
must actively seek out the Yama Kings and petition
them for servitude.

The Scorpion Eaters are not interested in becoming
vassals of the Yama Kings, but their end intent still
serves Yomi in the most destructive manner possible —
evil committed in the name of free will. The Y
Ki

ma
don't need to waste their energies in pacts since
they'll eventually net the Scorpion Eater's soul
regardless. By abandoning their for
enlightenment and spreading poisoned Chi through
the physical world, the Scorpion Eaters usher in the
Sixth Age and bring themselves closer to Yomi.

search

Many Scorpion Eaters even firmly believe that the

Sixth Age has already begun, and are resigned to
carving out their trivial territories. As Broken Mirrors
(see page 122) appear and spread, as the world becomes
more physically and morally bankrupt, the Yama Kings
gain in strength and influence without too great an
effort in the matter. The Scorpion Eaters are purv
of free-willed corruption... why would the Yama Kings
When the Yama Kings rule, the Scorpion Eaters'
assistance will not be rewarded, but neither will their
of formal allegiance be punished. The Dharma
will just have to take their chances as they've always
done. That suits both the Y
Eaters just fine.

PHjLOSOPHY

The Scorpion Eaters' philosophy is quite simple. The
universe is always changing, and to survive, you mustchange
with it. Those who don't, die.

While the Great Cycle turns and the Ages pass, the
world is remade. In the First Age, creation was not yet
formed; in the Second Age, the Ebon Dragon and Scarlet

Heresies oF rae Way

Queen created the Ten Thousand Things with each breath;
in the Third Age, the Wan Xian ruled creation; in the
Fourth Age, the August Personage punished the Wan Xian
for their excesses, and they became Wan Kuei; in the Fifth
Age, the Wan Kuei hid from the sun and stole Chi from the
living; in the Sixth Age, the Yama Kings will rule and again,
the Kuei-jin must change to survive. During none of these
eras has anything stagnated or remained the same; now,
however, the ancestors seek to stop the advent of the
Celestial Wheel? Haven't they learned anything?

Instead of adapting to the world while it modernizes and
becoming harmonious with Heaven's wishes, the Kuei-jin
squabble like petty children until the horrors of the Sixth
‘Age overtake them. Many Scorpion Eaters firmly believe
the twin bombs dropped on Japan marked the Age of Sorrow's
beginning. Not only that, but the corruption of the Middle
Kingdom's Chi marks the end of Kuei-jin as they view
themselves now. The August Personage provided the Hungry
Dead with the tools for survival, but they failed in their
duties again, and must now face the consequences of their
blindness. Only those with the courage and fortitude to
adapt will survive, and only the Scorpion Eaters are prepared
to face this new era, and the next, and the next.

This means coming to an arrangement with the Yama
Kings, the moral logic of which is simple. The Great Cycle
continues turning, which means the rule of the Yama Kings
is inevitable. The best way to survive the coming Ages is to
keep a low profile. Becoming akuma indentures one to the
Yama Kings and their plans, but eventually, they too will
pass. Feeding on tainted Chi is a minimal accommodation;
it allows the Scorpion Eaters to survive, but it does not bind!
them to Hell's galleys. In all, the Scorpion Eaters believe
themselves in a win-win situation.

ENIjGHTENMENT jS NOT
ENIjGHTENMENT

In some ways, the Scorpion Eaters are an anti-Dharma.
If the best efforts of the most enlightened bodhisattva still
leave Chi in Hiroshima and Nagasaki filthy with radiation,
Beijing and Shanghai poisoned with filth and Bhopal and
the Ganges toxic with pollution, then clearly, the Kuei-jin
failed. The steady increase of contaminated Dragon Nestsis
the final proof.

Scorpion Eaters do not seek enlightenment; they have
no use for virtue and they scorn wisdom. Instead, they hold
fast to the simple material values of survival. They intend to
be around when the Great Cycle ends... when creation is
made whole once more... and they don't care what they
have to do to get there.

The Courts' great failure, the Scorpions believe, lies in
their unwillingness to adapt alongside modern times
Technological and social change is just another reflection of
the Great Cycle turning, so to dismiss it is to dismiss the
progress of creation. This means the Scorpion Eaters make
avirtue of keeping abreast with the latest trends, technologies
and information.

TheScorpion Eaters dismiss the taint inevitably affecting
all Dharma members as the price of survival. The ancestors
and their followers were unwilling to pay this price, which
is why they're about to become extinct, just as the Wan Xian

a

Cuaprer Five: The Scorpion Eaters

became the Wan Kuei. Who knows what they'll become
next? After all, each notch of the Great Cycle altered both
creation and the Kuei-jin. Certainly, when it comes down to
it, the Wan Kuei are more debased than the Wan Xian while
the Scorpion Eaters, in turn, are easily more depraved than
the Kuei-jin. For the Eaters, though, this is simply proof that
they're "ahead of the curve."

TENeETS

The Dharma's central tenets are largely self-
explanatory since the Scorpion Eaters are pragmatic, rather
than philosophical in outlook. The only reason these are
codified and widely practiced in this form, however, is
thanks to the efforts of Kuei-jin like Jade Scorpion, who
disseminated the information in her travels. Few Scorpion
Eaters disputed her observations since these tenets already
suited their temperament.

1. Survive, regardless the cost.

This is the faith's fundamental truth. The Sixth Age is
here and the Yama Kings will rule, regardless what the
Quincunx thinks it can do to stop the situation. Opposing
Yomi is fruitless; the best hope anyone has is surviving the
Great Cycle's grinding progress. The meansare unimportant;
only the ends matter.

2. Embrace change, for it's the nature of all things.

The greatest Kuei-jin failing was their refusal to change
while the world around them did. Change is the dance of
creation and the rhapsody of death. The Kuei-jin must
embrace it. Reject it and creation will reject you.

3. Turn your back on Heaven; the bitch turned its
back on you.

The August Personage showed the Kuei-jin they weren't
worthy of the tasks set for them. Very well. Forget about
virtue and purpose; these goals no longer matter. Forget the
mandate of Heaven; it's no longer relevant.

4. Show no one mercy and expect none in return.

The Great Cycle always progresses forward, obstacles be
damned. If you don't get out of its way, it'll crush you. Those
too weak or too stupid to do what's necessary to ensure their
survival deserve only destruction. Allies are useful, Enemies
should be destroyed.

5. Forget the past. Don't dwell on the future. Live in
the moment.

Let nothing distract you from survival. Make plans to
ensure your continued existence, but don't become so
enraptured by visions of the future that you lose sight of
current circumstances. Likewise, the past is finished.
Learn its lessons, but don't grow enamored with the
outdated or dead.

6. Serve no one, but respect the strong.

Servitude isa dead end, forall conquerors are eventually
brought low. Nevertheless, only a fool defies a power greater
than his own; destruction can be the only result of such
blindness. Make accommodations with the mighty to ensure
your continued existence, but remember; Betrayal is a word,
survival a reality.

7. Defend what's yours; to do otherwise is
showing weakness,

If you can't defend what's yours, someone will take it
from you. Predators smell weakness; To survive, you must

Ag

be strong. Only claim what you know you can hold, but
hold it you must.

8. Spread corruption wherever you can. Force everyone
to adapt to your standards.

Creation is already corrupted; this is necessary before
the Ten Thousand Things can become one. Spread
corruption, for this makes survival easier for us and harder
for our rivals.

Socjery

The Scorpion Eaters embrace an extreme lifestyle. They
live like characters out of a Hong Kong Triad flick, laden
with jewelry and guns, wearing the finest clothes and driving
the fastest cars. They might be underground fighters, bikers,
or assassins. Any profession emphasizing personal strength
anda healthy contempt for society attracts the Eaters. They
value freedom from any constraints save the few they place
on themselves, and take perverse pride in monstrous acts.

The Scorpions are usually flagrant in their actions,
especially in groups, and enjoy starting gunfights and brawls.
More than a few, however, are also capable of considerable
subtlety. They often triumph over more senior and rigid
Kuei-jin through their use of technology and refusal to
engage in the tedious rituals of a shadow war. This may
eventually cost them, however, with the Courts' recent
decision to attack these akuma without restraint (since
they're so obviously lacking in honor).

Eating THE ScoRrPjON

Becoming a Scorpion Eater is not easy and it's certainly
not pleasant. Most recruits are Kuei-jin disillusioned by
what they saw in the Courts. Others are resigned to creation's
fate, and simply decided that since matters will only grow
worse over the course of the Sixth Age, then they might as
well have ringside seats.

Scorpion Eaters, as a rule, do not seek out new recruits
for the Dharma unless they find a chih-mei they can
indoctrinate. They' re not easy to find, given that the Scorpion
Eaters and Devil-Tigers often dance in the same mortal
circles. In fact, some Scorpion Eaters pose as Devil-Tigers
and Thrashing Dragons if only to avoid detection. Once
someone finds a Dharma member, however, joining is
relatively simple for the same reason: the Dharma has little
fear of infiltration.-Initiation is a quick affair, and once a
Kuei-jin "eats the scorpion," she cannot feed on anything
but-tainted Chi. This impedes one's return to the Courts,
often forcing newly initiated Kuei-jin to become a Scorpion
Eater in outlook as well. The specifics of the ritual are
described later (see p. 127).

New Scorpion Eaters spend the first few weeks learning
the basics of survival and Bile Shintai, the Dharma's corrupt
version of the Shintai Disciplines. She then rejoins Kuei-jin
society, perhaps feigning continued allegiance toa Court or,
more likely, striking out on her own or with fellow Scorpions.

Taxing Ljre sy THE Taye

Once initiated, the Scorpion Eater generally builds a
web of influence and power, presumably resilient enough to
resist the ravages of the Age of Sorrow. The Scorpions'
lifestyle is one of flashy excess. Their love for cutting-edge

i |
Heresies oF rie Way

technology is a reflection of their natures, a kind of modern
totem, but they also gain practical advantages in defending
themselves from potential rivals, like the ancestors.

Among all Kuei-jin, only the Bamboo Princes use
technology withany facility approaching that of the Scorpion
Eaters. When cellular phones first came to market, eager
Scorpions snapped them up. These days they employ laptops,
palmtops, cellular phones, high-tech body armor and every
technological trinket known to man. The Scorpions don't
just gather these items for show, but for their practical uses
as well. As the world transforms, it behooves the prudent
individual to keep abreast of the changes, to maintain his
advantage in surviving the Great Cycle.

Scorpion Eaters are particularly fond of investing in ot
otherwise gaining control over technology-based
companies. Not only does this give them access to state-of
the-art equipment and a steady cash flow from their
ventures, but it also allows them to encourage the more
unscrupulous businesses. These are the companies not
averse to dumping their waste products illegally, scrimping
on environmental safeguards and forgoing fair staffing
policies in favor of graft and corruption. Such companies
also have the advantage of remaining relatively "ancestor-
free." The Quincunx's dithering champions of status quo
generally concentrate their holdings and influence in
matters they understand, like politicians, policemen, gang
bosses and traditional manufacturing industries. In most
cases, the Scorpions' main competition stems from Devil-
Tiger rackets, but at least it's a fair sight easier than dealing
with the whole damn Quincunx.

A common tactic for Scorpion Eaters is to run with
criminal gangs in areas the ancestors don't normally frequent
—like Broken Mirrors and other corrupt locations. Like any
criminal fraternity, they are loyal to one another so long as
there's a benefit. Since it's unlikely the Scorpions will find
other Kuei-jin sympathetic to their unique. feeding
requirements, however, most Scorpion gangs havea relatively
stable framework.

Some members prefer a solitary and often nomadic
existence, often working as freelance' assassins, martial
artists, and gamblers. These individuals are among the
most morally numb creatures in the Middle Kingdom,
short of those actively serving Yomi. They exist only to
increase their personal power and are careful not to let
anyone or anything touch them too deeply. They maintain
that this detached nature is a must in this changing world,
for attachments can cause you to ignore your survival
instincts. They reason that just as every creature dies
alone, it's best to survive alone as well.

Not all Scorpion Eaters, however, are completely
reprehensible. Some Kuei-jin sent to infiltrate the Dharma
have become unwilling members of this fraternity. They
aren't really Scorpion Eaters in spirit, but rather, tragic
figures forced to feed on offal Chi just to serve Heaven and
keep it safe. Aware that the Quincunx will no longer accept
them because of their taint and unwilling to follow the
Scorpion Eaters into Hell, these Kuei-jin operate as fifth
columnists, damning themselves to protect the Quincunx
from staining its hands. Those few who actually know one
another form a far-stretched wu called the No Autumn
Scorpions. They serve the Five August Courts, assassinating


Cnarter Fives Tie Scorpion Earers

some Scorpions when they can, or betraying others to the
Devil-Tigers. Unfortunately, the Dharma knows they exist,
and is actively seeking them out lest their presence annoys
the Yama Kings as a breach of "good faith."

Unnarurat Hasjrats

To say Scorpion Eaters are paranoid is a considerable
understatement. Asa heretical Dharma, they risk destruction
the moment someone discovers their true nature. As creatures
that need corrupt Chi to survive, they're not difficult to
unmask, either, especially to someone using the Chi'iu
Muh's power, Chi Sight, on them. Thus, Scorpions usually
possess several well-protected and secret havens, quite often.
connected to one another through sewage pipes or back
alley warrens. They also locate them in the most inhospitable
areas they can find; in desperate slums, over toxic landfills,
in crack dens and penny bordellos, adjacent to sewage
reclamation plants... all these are favorite choices.

The need for tainted Chi can be limiting, especially
when Dragon Nests are so hotly contested and strongly
defended, but tainted humans also serve as an excellent
source of corrupt Chi. Broken Mirrors, where Hell lies
closest to Earth because of moral entropy, are good locations
to find these downtrodden mortals. These include areas
where human misery and depravity are rampant because of
poor health care, overpopulation, poor sanitation concerns,
substance abuse, and corrupt politicians.

Tue SiiNG oF THE SCORPjON

This section covers the rules necessary to include
Scorpion Eaters in a chronicle. The ingestion of tainted Chi
has made it impossible for Scorpions to use the Shintai Arts
available to other Kuei-jin; instead they have developed
their own versions of the various "god body" powers. The
rules for these Disciplines, as well as using tainted Chi, are
discussed below.

Tauren Cry

Like any Kuei-jin, the Scorpion Eaters require Chi to
survive. What makes them unique among all shen, however,
is their ability, with the tacit approval of the Yama Kings, to
draw sustenance from tainted Chi. Chi is the vital energy of
creation. The flow of Yin and Yang Chi drives the Great
Cycle, anditis the interplay between the two that determines
the state of the Ten Thousand Things. In recent years,
however, defiled energy continually seeps into existence,
markedly changing these flows and thus the state of creation:
Normally, the flow of Chi from Dragon Nest to Dragon Nest
dissipates and purifies impurities resulting from natural
radiation, decay and disease, much the same way the internal
organs filter and expunge poisons in the human body.

The massive accumulation of such impurities, from
repeated nuclear detonations, waste spills, air pollution
and outbreaks of virulent diseases, however, stretches
this system's capacity to cope properly, In some locales —
like nuclear test sites and toxic waste zones, as well as the
worst disease-ridden slums and settlements — the system
is overwhelmed. The poisons enter the flow of Yin and
Yang energies itself, tainting Chi. Fortunately, Chi
carrying this taint cannot easily flow along Dragon Lines.

121

Corrupt Dragon Nests have a kind of "gravity," which
attracts and isolatestoxins and taints within them. Clean
Chi is repelled by tainted Chi, so the system acts to
quarantine such pockets of foulness. Unfortunately, these
unclean sites cannot be easily severed from the remaining
"circulatory system." As taint accumulates, it overflows
the capacity of the Dragon Nests, and seeps into adjoining
sites like a back-flow of sewage. This slow, but steady
spread of poisoned Chi thus far resists all efforts to staunch
it through Tapestry, Feng Shui and a host of other related
Disciplines. The ancestors and bodhisattvas have no idea
where the flow will eventually stop.

Chi inherent in living creatures is similarly, but not as
drastically, affected. When various toxins and poisons
accumulate in the ecosystem, they filter upwards, from the
smallest organisms to the most complex. Some Kuei-jin with
particularly refined tastes have said for some time now that
an odd taste is creeping into the Chi of some mortals.

The taint is not merely physical. With psychological
pressure and stress across the world mounting, more people
experience stronger negative emotions; some even reach a
breaking point, exploding violently and horribly. The Chi
of such desperate individuals is also tainted, and they rarely
live long. Once their Chi becomes unclean, either from
physical or psychic stress, their vital flows malfunction,
resulting in sickness and death (usually diagnosed as a
"psychotic episode").

Consumjng Tajnrep Cxj

Kuei-jin who ingest tainted Chi gain no sustenance
from it and quickly grow violently ill while their systems
purge the foul energies. The Kuei-jin's body expels its
various humors, which must then be replenished from a
clean source. Taking tainted Chi into one's system is not
pleasant; until the Kuei-jin replaces all Chi lost while
cleansing her system, all tasks involving a Mental
Attribute incur a penalty equal to half the number of
points of tainted Chi ingested (rounded down). To
determine the effects of consuming tainted Chi, the
Kuei-jin must make a Stamina roll (difficulty of 5 + the
number tainted Chi points consumed) and compare the
results to the following table:

fledVomiting and bowel

ee ‘weeping and sweating.

uei-jin's system purges itself

pall Chi.
The Kuei-jin loses all but one point

é Kuei-jin loses two points of Chi
~** "for each point of tainted Chi
consumed. 3:
eet icici in lee ene paincof Gh for
each point of tainted Chi consumed.
The Kuei-jin purges the tainted. Chi,
losing one point of Chi in the process.
The Kuei-jin purges the tainted Chi,
se--but no other Chiis lost.


122 ©)

Sources oF Tajnrep Cry

Tainted Chi is most readily found in corrupted Dragon
Nests. Currently, perhaps one out of every 20 Dragon Nests
is tainted through a massive influx of poison, radiation,
chemicals, disease or other unclean substances. Taint can
also occur when a powerful wave of negative emotion born
from atrocity upsets the area's Chi flow, though this is
extremely rare. The Wall rating of tainted Dragon Nests
varies, but it is usually two to four points lower than that of
the surrounding area. In cases when it is extremely low, it
may form the wellspring of a Broken Mirror.

Tainted Chi in humans is much rarer. It isn't enough for
a human to be sick; after all, sickness is natural. Some
particularly virulent diseases, however, will taint an
individual's Chi. These include man-made biological
pathogens and some of nature's more disgusting plagues and
viruses like Lassa Fever and the Ebola strains.

Psychological corruption is another source of tainted
Chi, but such individuals often learn to live with their taint.
Serial killers, particularly remorseless criminals and the
violently insane, may be sources of tainted Chi. Scorpion
Eaters learn to taint the Chi of their victims, however, so
finding a suitable mortal font is rarely a problem.

DEMon SHjntaj CHaRAcTERsTjcs

Aftera while, the flow of tainted Chi through a Scorpion
Eater's body has a deleterious effect. Constant exposure to
corrupted and polluted energies warps the flesh and
eventually leads to the manifestation of Demon Shintai
characteristics (see Kindred of the East, p. 109). Among
one another, Scorpion Eaters wear these marks with pride.
They are a physical testament to the Kuei-jin's commitment
to survival and to the Dharma: The Scorpions believe that
with the coming of the Sixth Age, such marks will cease
serving as signs of corruption and will instead indicate one's
rightness and worthiness to exist in the Age of Sorrow.

For every three levels the Scorpion progresses along
her Dharma's path, she gains one permanent Demon
Shintai mark.

Tajnreo Cuj aND OTHER DjscjPLjnes

Scorpion Eaters can use tainted Chi just like "normal"
Chi in most ways. They can aspect it towards Yin or Yang,
passive like a pool of toxins or active like corrosive acids. In
this fashion, the Scorpions are still susceptible to imbalances,
and must spend the right type of Chi to power certain
Disciplines as per normal. There are. several specific
differences, however, as noted below.

Shintai Disciplines

When the Dharma's founders experimented with their
powers, they discovered the various shintais did not function
as they once did. This, they believe, is because the basic
principle of the various Arts is the focus and manipulation
of Chi throughout the body as a whole. With both the vessel
and medium corrupted, however, the shintais... changed,
becoming the collective Bile Shintais.

The five regular shintais (Blood, Bone, Jade, Flesh and
Flame Shintai) are unavailable to Scorpion Eaters: the
ingestion of tainted Chi makes their use impossible. The
Scorpion Eaters, however, possess twisted versions of these

rr

Heresies oF tie War

Broxen Mjrrors

Sometimes, when despair, suffering
hopelessness overtake an area, the barrier between
the physical world and Hell ceases to be. Such sites
are called Broken Mirrors and they are the Yama

ings' delight. A piece of Hell literally comes to
Earth, turning these places into nightmarish zones of
horror and suffering. Currently, only Mikaboshi and
Rangda have managed to establish Broken Mirrors,
located in the most soulless sky rs and desperate
slums respectively.

The Broken Mirror disturbs the natural order
insuch places; Equilibrium attempts add two to the
difficulty; Tapestry malfunctions

tracting demons and potentially transporting the
Kuei-jin directly to Hell; and Rites generally don't
work at all. Bile Shintai is not affected at all,
however, allowing Scorpion Eaters to function
normally. Their other Arts remain unimpaired as
well, enabling this Dharma to turn Broken Mirrors
into admirable bases of operation. Whether the
Yama Kings mind these squatters or not remains to
be seen (for full details on Broken Mirrors, see

Killing Streets, pgs. 104-107).

severely,

Arts (Poison, Decay, Radiation, Disease and Burning).
Whether this is a corruption of the god bodies or a secret
gift from the Yama Kings to further their own agendas
remains unknown. Knowing the Yama Kings, however, the
latter is likelier.

Chi Disciplines

Equilibrium: This Discipline functions normally since
it's based on manipulating the Kuei-jin's own internal
Chi balance.

Tapestry: Tapestry can only be used to contact demons
ot malignant spirits, and to manipulate tainted Chi and
Dragon Lines.

Yang Prana: Yang Prana functions normally, except
that it causes boils and sores to erupt on the Scorpion Eater's
flesh whilst in use (penalty to Appearance-based rolls equal
to the Chi expended). If the Scorpion spends a point of
temporary Willpower, he can suppress this effect for the
remainder of the scene.

Yin Prana: Similar to Yang Prana, Yin Prana functions
normally, but, is usually accompanied by the distinct odorof
decay. Spending a temporary Willpower point before using
these powers negates the smell for an entire scene.

Soul Disciplines

Cultivation: The Scorpion Eaters greatly favor this
Discipline, but it functions no differently for them than for
other Kuei-jin.

Chi'iu Mui: This Discipline functions as stated, except
the fourth power, Purification, only uses the P'0's effect. It
cannot heal. Likewise, the third eye, if developed, bears
some mark of corruption, like being bloodshot, milky or
even compounded like an arachnid's.

Internalize: Although the Scorpion Eaters rarely study
this Discipline, it functions as per normal.


Cnaprer Five: The Scorpjon Earers

Obligation: There are no changes to this Discipline.

Demon Arts

Black Wind: This Art functions exactly as described in
the Kindred of the East rulebook.

Demon Shintai: This Art functions exactly as described
in the Kindred of the East rulebook.

Bjue SHjnra;

Over the decades, the Scorpion Eaters have studied the
shintai powers fueled by their unique diet. Called the Bile
Shintais, they encompass five unique Arts, each one roughly
analogous to one of the five elemental shintais practiced by
other Kuei-jin. Scorpion Eaters cannot learn these normal
shintais, aside from Demon Shintai and Bile Shintai.
Conversely, other Kuei-jin cannot learn Bile Shintai unless
they abandon their Dharma, undergo the Eating the Scorpion
rite and become Scorpions.

In such cases, points in existing Shintai Arts do not
transfer to the equivalent Bile Shintais; they are lost and the
student must begin learning anew. Tainted Chi interacts
with the body in a fundamentally different way from pure
Chi, and the techniques for one are not applicable to the
other. Storytellers, however, may rule otherwise.

Pojson SHjntaj

Equivalent to Blood Shintai and thus the element of
Water, this Art gives the Scorpion Eater control over various
vital fluids and humors within his body or that of the target.
As with Blood Shintai, the vampire can attune these powers
to Yin, Yang or Balance.

Chi Attunement: Dexterity

° STHNGING Touch

The first power learned draws the body's various poisons,
acids and waste products to the surface, particularly to the
fangs and claws. This enables the Scorpion Eater to deliver
extremely painful, stinging attacks against opponents. When
activated, the body parts concerned take on a sickly, yellow-
green hue.

System: For each Chi point expended, the Kuei-jin may
coat one body part (fists, claws, feet, head or fangs) in bile,
stomach acid and the like. If the Scorpion successfully hits
the target with the coated area, the poison delivers an
additional two dice of aggravated damage.

°° JNHARMONjOUS EXCRETION

This power allows the user to manipulate a target's
bodily humors. Stomach acids burn, bile floods the system
and the bowels spasm violently. The results on mortals are
unpleasant to say the least, while for Kuei-jin, the effects are
rarely fatal but are extremely inconvenient.

System: The Kuei-jin must touch her target, spend a
Chi point and make a successful Stamina + Medicine roll
(difficulty 7). If successful, the victim must roll Stamina
(difficulty 7) to ameliorate the effects. For each success the
attacker rolls over the defender, the target heaves and
retches, suffering a penalty of two to the difficulties of all
actions. This effect lasts for a number of turns equal to the

attacker's final success tally. If the fails her roll, she
is incapacitated while her system purges itself of the offending
fluids. If the target botches the roll, she is hospitalized and
suffers one health level of bashing damage (no soak allowed)
for each of the attacker's successes.

eee Flow Ljre Sewace

The Kuei-jin suffuses her body with corrosive fluids,
melting her own hard tissues like bone and turning her‘flesh,
muscle and organs into a soft and pulpy mass. Thisallows her
to resist bashing and lethal damage more easily, and flow
through tight spaces. Whilst in this form, the Kuei-jin also
stinks like an open digestive tract.

System: After spending a point of Yang Chi, the
Kuei-jin turns her body into a soft mass that retains its
basic shape for'up to three turns. In this state, the Kuei-
jin gains an additional five dice to soak bashing or lethal
damage. She may also push (slowly) through gaps like
dough through a crack, but the space must be at least an
inch wide. The Kuei-jin can move no faster than walking
pace while in this form.

ecece Byjous Expecroratjon

The Kuei-jin can eject a sickening bolus of mucus,
blood, phlegm and bile. Mildly corrosive to metals and
stone, it bores into flesh with horrifying intensity.

System: The Kuei-jin spends a point of Chi and one
action generating a sufficient mass within his mouth: The
Expectoration has a range of double the vampire's Stamina
in yards, and inflicts his Strength in aggravated damage
against inorganic materials like armor. Flesh, however,
takes Str + 3 damage (all aggravated), though any dice of
protection from armor are eliminated from the attack's
Strength dice first. If the Strength dice fail to penetrate the
protection, the attack is stopped for that turn.

Once the attack hits, it continues burning for three
turns with lessening effect. Each turn after the first reduces
the damage — first to Str + 2 damage, then finally, Str +
1 damage.

cece PHiegManc STING

This enables the Kuei-jin to transform any fluid
inside the target (living or dead) into a virulent, toxic
slush. The effects on living creatures are immediate and
dramatic; death is often instantaneous when the target's
own blood, phlegm, water, and other fluids attack his
internal mechanisms. Organs rupture and arterial
membranes crack open; leaking caustic fluids everywhere.
The target becomes a living' toxic spill. Fortunately for
shen, while similarly affected, the results are generally
more debilitating than fatal.

System: The Scorpion Eater must first touch the target,
spending a point of Yin Chi and Willpower before making
a Willpower roll (difficulty 6). The target suffers a level of
lethal damage per success the Scorpion rolled on Willpower,
plus one additional level per Yin Chi spent. The target can
still soak the damage, but for every health level inflicted,
one point of the target's Chi becomes tainted (requiring a
Stamina roll).

~~

Heresies oF tt Way

124 ©

Decay Sujnraj

The Scorpion Eater's analogue to Bone Shintai and the
element Metal, this Art focuses on the entropic powers of
decay and corruption inherent in tainted Chi.

Chi Attunement: Strength

° STINK OF THE GRAVE

The Scorpion Eater infuses her flesh with Yin Chi,
causing her body to undergo rapid deterioration, like
advanced decay. She becomes walking corpse in appearance;
her stench is nearly overpowering and her countenance so
horrific that most mortals flee in terror.

System: Spending a point of Yin Chi, the Scorpion's
Appearance drops to 0 immediately for the duration of a
scene. Any mortals encountering the vampire must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7) against both the sight and smell
of the Scorpion Eater. A botch indicates the victim is
paralyzed with fear, while a simple failure causes the target
to flee in terror. Otherwise:

One Success: The victim flees, but quickly regains his
composure once the Kuei-jin is out of sight.

Two Successes: The target retreats, but can still fight
back; all actions against the Kuei-jin are at an additional
two difficulty.

Three Successes+: The target acts normally, but all
actions have an increased difficulty of one due to. the
choking stench (Kuei-jinand other creatures who do not
need to breathe are not affected). The effect lasts for an
entire scene.

°° Deapty Warr

Similar to White Tiger Corpse in effect (see Kindred of
the East, p. 112), the Scorpion instead radiates a strange
smell that betrays her location.

System: The Kuei-jin is invisible but a strong smell
remains, allowing anyone who makes a Perception +
Alertness roll (difficulty 5) to follow the Scorpion around.
Expending an additional Yin Chi point allows the Scorpion
to contain the smell to a faint odor. Animals and any other
creature with heightened olfactory senses, however, may
still track the Kuei-jin.

eee Bone SHRAPNEL

This heinous power enables the Kuei-jin to detonate
penny sized portions ofa target's skeletal structure, shredding
the victim's internal organs and tissues with bone shrapnel.

System: After successfully touching her intended target,
the Kuei-jin may then spend two points of Chi flooding the
target with tainted energy and causing micro-explosions
along the surface of their skeletal structure. The Kuei-jin
rolls Stamina + Medicine (difficulty 7) to determine the
lethal damage, but the victim may also soak the attack as per
normal. Each level of damage inflicted stems from penny
sized bone fragments exploding and lacerating the
surrounding tissues, though the Scorpion has no control
where the explosions take place.

SpLeNeTc ExHaLatjon

The effects are the same as Five Poison Cloud (see
Kindred of the East, p. 112), though the cloud in this case
is more akin to toxic pollution.

eceee HARBINGER OF Decay

This power enables the Scorpion Eater to infect
animals and mortals with a dose of virulent Chi,
transforming them intoa mindless servitor. It's like rabies
but ona psychic level, turning the servitor into a decaying
engine of destruction. Of course, when the police finally
bring such creatures down, they often claim "he must,
have been on PCP."

System: The Kuei-jin must spend three points of Chi
before successfully biting the target. If the Kuei-jin is not
successful, the Chi is lost. The Scorpion injects a poison
into the victim, resulting in paralysis after a number of
turns equal to the victim's Stamina. Afterwards, the victim
falls into a coma, their body ravaged by toxic-laden
endorphins. The next evening, the victim awakes with her
Physical Attributes increased by one each and three
additional health levels. Additionally, a mindless,
maddening hunger for flesh consumes the target (whether
she's animal or mortal). She will attack anything or anyone
who looks appetizing, regardless where she is, and will
consume her victims like a mad beast.

The target also suffers two levels of aggravated damage
every night from the toxic Chi consuming and decaying her
preternaturally. She will die if someone doesn't put her
down first. If the victim makes a Willpower roll she can
control herself for a turn, but she will eventually perish
unless healed through powers like Blood Atemi (which, in
this case, purges the victim's blood of toxins; see Kindred of
the East, p. 110).

Rapjarjon Sujnraj

Radiation Shintai replaces Jade Shintai, and thus acts
as the element of Earth for the Scorpion Eaters. It shows the
Kuei-jin that even the most ancient rocks and mountains
may contain poisonous, corrupting substances capable of
eroding life.

Chi Attunement: Strength

° Treacherous Earth

By disrupting the flow of natural Chi through the earth,
the Scorpion Eater can root an opponent to the ground,
preventing them from leaving the spot. This has no effect
from the knees up unless used on a prone target.

System: By spending a point of Yang Chi and succeeding
in a Manipulation + Intimidation roll (difficulty 7), the
Kuei-jin anchors a target to one place for a scene. If the
victim is standing (in which case only their feet ate
immobile), he makes all attack and defense rolls with a
penalty of two to the difficulty. If the target is prone or
kneeling, hesuffers a penalty of four to all related difficulties.
Shen can overcome this by expending a point of Chi to
deflect the effect, but must spend an action concentrating.

Cuapter Five: Tae Scorpion Eaters a

Repuisjve Toucr

By making her entire being abhorrent to the Ten
Thousand Things as an undeserving, corrupt entity, the
Kuei-jin may move through objects as though insubstantial.
Actually, matter glides over the Scorpion, or her own flesh
parts to allow matter through; either way, her very touch is
anathema to creation itself and thus repulsive to everything
around her.

System: The Kuei-jin rolls Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty 6) and spends two Chi. If successful, she becomes
insubstantial for the duration of the scene, neitheraffecting
nor being affected by any physical effect around her. She can
walk through walls or gunfire with equal facility, though
powers that target the mind or soul will affect her normally.
If she rolls three successes or more, the Kuei-jin can double
her leaping distances and swimming speed since even water
and air are repulsed by the presence of her foul body.

° °° The Boweis of THe Earth

This has the same effect as Placate the Earth Dragon

(see Kindred of the East, p. 113), except the Kuei-jin
requires tainted earth.
: The same as Placate the Earth Dragon, except
rolls Dexterity + (Chi Virtue), with difficulty
depending on the surroundings. At a toxic waste dump, the
vampire requires no roll to succeed. In Calcutta's slums, the
difficulty would be 4, in Hong Kong, 6, while in Singapore,
the difficulty to slip into the earth would be 8.

eecee Burnour

The Kuei-jin can harness the Earth's ambient radiation,
thanks to global warming, to power any machine, regardless
of its normal power source.

System: By tapping into effects like global warming and
the electromagnetic fields being generated by too many
power lines, the Kuei-jin can activate any man-made device
from a computer to a vehicle, as long as he can touch it. By
succeeding ina Stamina + Meditation roll (difficulty 6), the
Scorpion can power a cellular phone or walkman with just
‘one success; three successes will get a car going, while five is
enough to power a jetliner or 18-Wheeler. The machine
then operates at peak capacity for a number of hours equal
to the Kuei-jin's Stamina, plus an additional hour for every
two points of Yang Chi expended.

When the device finally "powers down," it is ruined; the
components are rusted, the casing rotted and the fuel cells
empty. That's why most Scorpions don't hotwire their own
gadgets with this power.

eeecee Destroy With a Touch

This power grants the Kuei-jin near complete control
over the earth. By drawing upon weaknesses and impurities
in this element, she can cause stones to break, walls to
crumble, and if sufficiently skilled, the earth to shake.

System: The Kuei-jin must by in physical contact with
the object or ground to wield Destroy with a Touch. She may
then spend a point of temporary Willpower and a varying
quantity of Chi to empower the effect. The Kuei-jin can
manipulate or destroy one cubic yard of earthen-based

125

material for every Chi point expended. She can make it flow
like mud or crumble it into dust. With the requisite
Knowledge rolls and by spending a point of temporary
Willpower and three Chi points, the Scorpion can also elicit
other effects. For example, Intelligence + Craft
(construction) might enable the Kuei-jin to locate the key
point inastone building's structure to collapse it; Perception
+ Science (geology) could allow the Kuei-jin to locate a
fault line and cause a very minor and localized tremor
(difficulty 6 for a 4.0 on the Richter Scale, with each .5
increment increasing the difficulty by one).

Djsease Sujnraj

Scorpion Eaters cannot study Flesh Shintai, so they
learn the nuances of disease instead, which is a Wood
analogue. Similar to Flesh Shintai, the manifestations of
this Art are generally quite disgusting to behold.

Chi Attunement: Strength

° Acrimonjous Fies

The Scorpion afflicts the victim with vile-looking
boils, weeping sores and strings of pulsating warts that
cover his entire body.

System: By touching the victim and expending a point
of Chi, the Scorpion Eater contaminates him with skin.
conditions. Over the next six hours or so, the target breaks
out with the most hideous infections imaginable. Boils,
patches of acne, flaking skin, warts, and sores all conspire to
reduce the victim's Appearance to zero. The victim can
function normally, but any tasks involving Social rolls
receive an additional penalty of three to related difficulties.

The affliction lasts for a number of days equal to the
Stamina of the Kuei-jin responsible. The target can expend
three Chi to cure the effect; otherwise, a single success with
any supernatural healing power will also do it.

°° Deap Hanps

This power functions exactly as Detach Limb (see
Kindred of the East, p. 115):

eee Fevered Deijrium

This power functions exactly as Lotus Clouds (see
Kindred of the East, p. 115), except, the effect is more
akin to fevered delusions than pleasant euphoria. The

weakness is likewise illness-related, as though the victim
has a bad cold.

ecee SERVILE PLAGUE

This power functions exactly as Pelesit (see Kindred of
the East, p. 116), except most Scorpions vomit out a swarm
of gastrointestinal maggots or mosquitoes.

eee Sour oF SjckNESS

At this level, the Scorpion Eater becomes an
embodiment of disease, a walking vector of humanity's
modern fears. Although he appears' no different, his
presence and touch are enough to infect mortal and shen
alike with plague.

126

System: The Kuei-jin spends two points of Yang Chi
to activate this power and carry any one active disease
within him for the duration of a scene, be it a flesh-eating
virus, STD, hemorrhagic fever, insect-born plague or bio-
weapon pathogen. The Scorpion may then use any of the
previous powers mentioned in Disease Shintai to vector
the contagion to a victim, as through Servile Plague or
Fevered Delirium, for example.

All mortals who encounter the vector must roll three
successes on Stamina (difficulty 8) or contract the illness.
If infected, the mortal loses one health level and one die
per day from all Physical Attribute-related dice pools until
he dies or someone mystically cures him. Standard medical
treatments will not work. Shen must make a similar roll or
suffer the same consequences, but they can make up for any
deficiency in successes by spending two Yang Chi per
success required (or two Gnosis, Quintessence, etc).
Fortunately, the diseases are all mules and cannot spread
beyond the original target.

Baterjre Sunray

Of all the Bile Shintais, Balefire is perhaps the most
hated, for it allows Scorpion Eaters to taint Dragon Nests,
Dragon Lines, and mortals. Its use is always accompanied by
a stink reminiscent of burning flesh, rubber, or garbage.
Balefire is also aspected to the element of Fire.

Chi Attunement: Strength

° Burning Kiss

This power allows the Scorpion Eater to taint a living
creature's Chi before (usually) consuming it. The imparted
taint does cause the target some discomfort, but most
living creatures are robust enough to dispel the corruption.

System: The Scorpion Eater spends a point of Chi
(any kind will do) and touches the target. Over a number
of turns equal to the victim's Stamina, the poison works its
way through the victim's system. During this time, the
victim feels ill, and pursues all actions with an increased
difficulty of two. After that, the victim's Chi is sufficiently
tainted for flesh or blood consumption. If the victim
survives the feeding, she will still experience bouts of
nausea and dizziness for a number of hours equal to the Chi
taken during feeding.

If the Scorpion Eater uses this power on another Kuei-
jin, the victim can make a Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty
6). Each success allows the target to retain one point of
untainted Chi while also purging one point of poisoned Chi.
The victim is sick if there's any toxin remaining in his
system, however, and suffers a penalty of one to all difficulties
for each poisoned Chi point still present.

e°¢ Baterur Ligur
This power functions exactly as Goblin Spark (see
Kindred of the East, p. 118).


Chapter Fives Tit Scorrjon Earers 3

¢ Death Breath

This power functions exactly as Goblin Scorch (see
Kindred of the East, p. 118).

cece JNVADING THE Dragon

This power is similar to Ride the Dragon (see Kindred
of the East, p. 104), except the Scorpion Eater injects
herself like a shot of heroin into the veins of the Middle
Kingdom. Her presence is also corruptive enough to
temporarily "short" out the system by infusing tainted Chi
into the otherwise pure flow. The effect isn'tpermanent, but
it does cause one hell of a traffic jam.

System: As per Riding the Dragon, except that the
Scorpion Eater leaves tainted Chi behind along the Dragon
Line, like land mines. Each point of tainted Chi that the
Scorpion spends at the moment of transit negates the
amount of successes someone else using Ride the Dragon
might enjoy when determining distance traveled. If the
Scorpion spends five Chi points, however, he disrupts the
Dragon Line sufficiently that it requires travelers to roll
against an increased difficulty of 10. The disruption, in
either case, lasts for one day per Chi spent.

Unfortunately for the Scorpion, his passage leaves a
stain, like a greasy oil slick on water. Other shen may roll
Perception + Occult (difficulty is Scorpion Eater's highest
Chi virtue) to track him.

eeecee Bony or Burning Fyn

This power is similar to Goblin Lantern (see Kindred
of the East, pgs. 118-119), except it also enables the
Scorpion Eater to corrupt a Dragon Nest (though the
vampire must also perform the rite of Shitting Down the
Dragon's Neck to make the corruption permanent).
Regardless, even a temporary corruption can cause massive
problems for the local shen.

System: In addition to Goblin Lantern's effects, if the
Kuei-jin meditates at the heart of a Dragon Nest she
becomes a conduit for tainted Chi, poisoning the very
wellspring around her with the offal of her presence. The
Scorpion must roll Stamina + Meditation (difficulty 9);
each success and hour spent in meditation allows the
Scorpion Eater to defile the site for two days, effectively
preventing others from drawing Chi there. Otherwise, the
Storyteller can rule that the local Wall's rating increases
by two for every Chi point the Scorpion spent infecting the
place, to a maximum rating of 10. Nothing prohibits shen,
however, from expediting the site's recovery time back to
normal through Chi cleansing abilities like Broom of
Heaven (see Kindred of the East Companion, p. 64).

al
Rites anp. Rjruais

The Scorpion Eaters-do not generally have much
patience for rites and rituals, believing them largely part of
the ancestors' outmoded panoply. There are only two
rituals of value to the Scorpion Eaters: Eating the Scorpion,
by which a Kuei-jin becomes a Scorpion Eater (and hence
able to consume tainted Chi) and Shitting Down the
Dragon's Neck, by which the Dharma can permanently
corrupt a Dragon's Nest.

Earng THE Scorpion
(Lever One Rjre)

This is the ritual that creates a Scorpion Eater. It
essentially involves the Kuei-jin purging her system of
Yin and Yang Chiata tainted Dragon Nest. The Scorpion
Eaters submerge the manacled or chained vampire (who
should be in fire soul at this point, whether willingly or
not) into a pool of tainted Chi. Raw sewage is popular,
as is the toxic runoff from a factory or illegal landfill. If
the Kuei-jin can ingest the polluted Chi and emerge
from her fire or accompanying shadow soul, she becomes
a Scorpion Eater. All that remains now is to eat a live
scorpion suffused with toxic Chi (through Burning Kiss)
to officially seal the pact and enable the new initiate to
imbibe poison Chi. If the Kuei-jin remains trapped'in
fire or shadow soul for too long (too long equaling the
span of time it takes the other gang members to grow
bored of the game), the Scorpion Eaters dump her in
someone else's territory for "disposal."

SujTTNG DOWN THE Dragon's Neck
(Leven Five Ryte)

This is the ritual that permanently pollutes a Dragon's
Nest. The central element is a team of at least three
Scorpion Eaters with the level five Burning Shintai power,
Body of Burning Filth, to overwhelm the Dragon Nest with
tainted Chi. They must infect the area with a cumulative
minimum of 40 corruptive Chi points before beginning the
ritual, though the Chi can come from either poisoned
victims upon whom the Scorpions feed or from other
Dharma members assisting the ritual.

The participants using Body of Burning Filth must
each succeed in two out of three Stamina + Rituals rolls
(difficulty 7) and two out of three Intelligence + Occult
rolls (difficulty 7). If one person fails, all the Chi expended
is lost, and the Scorpions have to start back from scratch.
If they succeed, however, the Wall rating-of the Dragon
Nest drops by two, and it becomes a permanent and
unrecoverable source of taint.

Letthe Heavens Tremble
Cast down and spit upon, the four heretical Dharmas have long remained
at the Quineunx's whipping posts. Now, a new age looms on the horizon,
one that portends a terrible reckoning. The heresies are gaining strength
and followers... but at what cost? The heresies claim that ac
condemns them, but the Quincunx says they unknowingly propagate the
will of Hell. Who is right.and who is wrong? Time will tell — but the
price of truth may be too terrible for Heaven or Earth to bear.

isation alone

Scokhions ih the Mist
Heresies of the Way delves into the history
and secrets of the heretical Dharmas. It
offers extended coverage on The Flame
of the Rising Phoenix, The Tempest of
the Inward Focus, The Face of the
Gods and The Spirit of the Living
Earth. Included are new rites,

Disciplines, persona and character
templates. Heresies of the Way also
introduces a brand new apostasy, a herald
of the troubled times ahead... the toxic
Scorpion Eaters and their reviled Bile
Shintai Disciplines.

ISBN 1-58846-232-3
WW2922 $19.95 U.S.

N78 15881462529) | |
