# File: Hermit.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

(5

cteriBoo


Subject: | Further information

ate ie

a
To: witness1 ry) ©
From: | iolings Meese MeSthes
Copied To: ee
re

Witness, you should know that you are a blind, petty fool. It depresses me unutterably to see that even
the generally respected among the chosen are still ludicrous idiots with no more vision than the
average street thug. | was astonished and incensed to find that you had judged Fyodor a madman and
placed him on your "Danger List" for no other reason than you disagree with some of his actions. His
methods may be uncompromising, but he is as sane as |. We are caught up in a war, not a tea party. He
assures me that the chosen girl in Pittsburgh was already corrupt, overwhelmed with bloodlust, and
that she needed to be put down. He also confirmed the evil of the vampire and his puppet, which
should hardly need saying, let alone external verification.

The squeamishness you exhibit is nothing short of pathetic — much like your entire disastrous journey
to the East Coast, which you so shamelessly play up. | personally believe you should retract your
slanderous accusations about the sage, but | have no doubt that you are too bigoted and stupid to
consider for a moment that you might have been wrong. Fortunately, | am certain that your ludicrous
verdict will have no impact on Fyodor's safety or movements. | will have no pity for any misguided
cretin who tries to act out your impotent fantasies of attacking him.

In the future, stay on the West Coast, cosseted in with your flashing lights and bleeping boxes. Keep
your mouth shut about your betters, try not to get any other friends killed, and you'll do us all a favor.
If, by some unfortunate coincidence, someone does indeed manage to murder Fyodor or make him
disappear, please believe me when I say that you will not live long enough to realize the disaster you
have caused. That is not a threat — | am not in the habit of killing fools just for their stupidity — but
rather a fair warning of simple facts that | have no influence over. Let us just say that his brother is a
cruel, petty, vengeful man.

But enough of that. | didn't email you to exchange pleasantries.

Here is information that | understand you will be able to distribute. These are pages of Fyodor's notes
that | received — due to a postal error — after "Apocrypha" had been printed. | am attaching them as
scanned images. They need to be seen by as many as possible, and | will not allow my loathing of you to
blind me to the greater good of the worthy few. | only hope you retain sufficient wit to see that they do
indeed need to be shared with the chosen at large.

Do not bother to reply to this message. | have added you to my emailer's killfile. You make me want to vomit.
— Violin99


Knowledge screams for escape {rom its
boxes, byt it often needs help from the rest
of vs in order fo spread amongst its followers.
In the months that have passed, much has
happened. Most of it is vnclear in import, but
that is the way these matters progress

I have come to suspect the existence of a
mystic law ot force that prevents the clear
hansmission of infermation {rom the high powers
down to the Lorth. Perhaps if the forces of light
were te give vs vnequivecal, open insfrections, a
subtle balance wovld be tipped, allowing the
darkness the same benefits with regards to its
oun minions. The restriction covid be more
fundamental than that; perhaps a genvine
proscription of some sort. It wovld be interesting
te Condwct experiments vpon one of the Shining
Ones, seeing if it covld be forced into passing
back plain information it had jst been given, or
if the refvening material still came throvgh
dlovded. Prohacted study might even yield
some keys to deciphering the style of the
obfuscation that settles on their communications
Sadly, however, I suspect that it wovld prove
neatly impossible te obfain specimens. Thvs, I
am forced fo make do with clovds and shards.

Some six months age now, I was walking
along @ crowded beach. As it happens, I got a
number of strange looks {tom the naked and
near-naked youths of beth sexes — it seems
that not baring your chest on a beach nowadays
is some sort of taboo, which is interesting. I
fownd litte evidence of interference, at least
Compared te what yov world find on any <ify
sheet. I wovld gvess that the Darkness dislikes
idleness, and keeps its minions too busy to
permit them te spend their days bathing in the
sun, Power ever did come with a price. The
‘Dark Ones made vp for their lapse at night,
thovgh, preying on the drenken, the drvgged and
the \vst-poisoned. It was a fascinating demon-
shation of applied morality as a core svivival
skill — if you are a bad girl, the monsters
really will ea you.


As I was leaving the beach, a
phantasmal hynter approached me,
clearly visible to my sight and
bearing ovr sign for discvssion. [
am not sve how he found me, a
fact which concerns me still. we
Communicated silently,
messages passing from his
mind to mine \ike balls of
crystal dropping inte a bowl
his name was Daniel.

Danie) advised me of
@ Certain ancient manv-
script that his
archaeological expedition had
recently uncovered in North
Africa. If was from the time of
the fall of Sumer, and he
thevght — conectly — that T
wovld be interested in it. I
asked him abovt navigation
within the wotld in his phantas-
mal shell. He said that most of
the time it was exactly as if he
had been physically in the place
his spirit stood, thovgh some
locations were forbidden completely
and ofhers were mythologized, clovded
or dreamlike. I have heard of military
installations thar will kill @ person for
merely approaching in the phantasmal
shell, which seemed fo agree with
what Daniel had experienced.

The thovght occuned to me that if
L attempted te physically manifest paniel
in the some way that a wisp can be
forced to manifest, it might provide vs
with @ vsefvl tool — both full
bilocation and instantaneous
telepottation world be extremely
valvable for the calling. | made the
attempt, byt to no avail. After a period
of some discomfort, his presence
coalesced as a silvery powder, which [
still have for {vrther investigation, My
ingviries — based on his name and
general area, and the date and time
— suggest that his body remains
alive bt mindless, hinting at the
dangers of this sort of towel. It is not
for the casval fovrist,


We Gaga

uh WU

SAMS Sy

43

My brother confi that
atthough he has nef been involved
pasonaly in the research the
KGB has devoted sbstartial
rescurces To the inesigation of
moning sensory input' sithouf"
physical motion. | bekeve the
pradice is known vatiouly across the

wold af different' times and places as
Blocation Astial Projection, Out of Body
Eptcng Body of Light Souneying.
Dreamtime, Vision Questing. Medicine Trance,
Psychic Spying and Lucid Dreaming. The Term
used appears fo depend upon aadly shat sort
of opatience the pason has stile pharfasmal and
The KGB has had a geat deal of success in its
research, as | understand. If has discovered a nurber of
indviduals who are able fo enfer the pharfasmal shell
once they have been through cetfain preparatory roufines.
These preparations commonly involve calring the mind using
sophisticated medfation, focusing the awareness within the
phantasmal shell, then turing the senses fo the target
location. The funing process begins with Touch and
progresses slowly fo heating and finally sight.
Practice tadtionaly involves @ Training
partner. The partiter provides a
spriculy assigned coded
reference nunber fo the viewer
that' neither person can decipher,
then asks the viewer a broad range
of questions absut his or her
inpressions of the suroundng area,
staffing with fectngs such as Terperatire
or awareness of space, and frishing sith
any sisual impressions. The partner fakes
nofes of the viewer's answers. and then r
looks up the code reference (or opens the envelope, f the reference is
aitten sithin one) fo discover shat the objective sife actually is.
Whe my brother dains asfeundng success the fick he desabes seers geatly ifr fo the sds of
ceffain among our runba, sho can deal see Hfo other places. bideed Darid's spit tty was af that beach.
The more effective fom of this power as known fo hurfas is no never than the rest of our abies,
though Five handed years ago. caftain nofabk Bkzabdthan mag recorded kegmds of eater peopk traveling
fredy in time and space inside an Dstial Body. The dagy ako agees with the
_ ocalists, for once. Many saints, both modem and dasscal, are known fo have
practiced Blocation, the cindy garted abify fo seam fo be in fo places af
once. These induce, for cxarple. St. Abphonsus, St. Pace Pio, St. Leo the
Great. St. Maria Faustina Kovakka and St. Frands of Assisi.


B Derinist peopkes across the globe
once Taked of shamans enfetng trance stafes, in stich they jouneyed
across the face of the <aith, locating food for a sillage ot healing the
sick. At kasf they dd until ve shackled them sith alcoholism, dugs and
pomogaphy, svized the land, and fumed them info farm laborers and

* house builders. There are enfte cycles of legend and mythology
dedicated fo the oploifs of arring shamans and the says they von,
: bough, daimed or sfole power and medicine ftom the gods and brought
if back fo markind.
These fakes span the gobe and ae remarkably sinlar. You find the same,
Thames and achievements no matfer where you look. shefher you examine Icelandic
sagas. Aafec canings, Graeco-Roman books and frescoes, Affican freside stories,
Native American legends, orignal Russian fairy Takes. anthropological recordings of
Pacific sland bekefs, Tibefan feachings or Native Australian songs. Even the
Chinese, 30 proud for so long of ther empire based on rational Confisciarisn and
> Taoism rfain the same Themes within ther folk stories.

Some of these consftuctions are exfremely advanced. In the Gilbert and
Ellice Islands, an administrator of the former colonial government recounts some
relevant anecdotes in his memoirs. In one, a local holy man — who listens to
spirits on the wind and lives apart from the rest of the fribe — steps out of his
body and ventures info the sea. While in the water phantasmally, he locates a
school of large fish and Talks fo them. He explains that his people are hungry
and asks some of the fish fo join the islanders af a feast. at which they will be
both guests of honor and the main course. The fish graciously conserf To send
some of their number. The holy man then exifs his trance and

explains to the administrator that the fish ill arrive shortly
on a parficular beach. The administrator carries this
news To the ibe, shich joumeys several miles across
the island fo the specified beach and sets up fables
and fire pits. When all is ready, several huge fish
arrive, beaching themselves on the sand and
waiting quietly fo be ceremonially honored
and slain.

>

POP Bi


Koy

The same administrator reports that
‘ong of the islands in his care, a canoe
joumey of several days from his "home
base" island, is known fo hold the
path thaf the local dead take fo
the afferlife. He recalls that one
day he vas Talking fo a holy
man who lived on that island,
when the holy man suddenly
cocked his head. listened,
then announced that a
prominent person on the
administrator's base
island had just died. Spirits of the vind
had passed the information on. When the administrator
retuned home. he discovered that the holy man had been right.

Further down in the Pacific, there are interesting Tales of a now-dead thbe that had a communal
sleeping We as tich and inferactive as ifs waking one: When they en fo bed, they phanfasmally
stepped ouf of their bodies and continued with their social actifies around the village all night -
leaming, singing, dancing, feling fakes and making love until if vas tine fo get up again af dasm.

Somdfimes the lage vas visfed af right by similarly pharfasnal Teachers,

‘sho held sessions and imparted great sisdom, There are even some hinfs
BS. that the wilage in stich they spent their night-time excursions was somehow

F supatior To their physical ilage, buf there is ltfle in the way of defail as
fo how the wilages were different.

Not all fakes of phantasmal life are as innocent and
peaceable. Many of the South American peoples believe that
cartain shamans have a second phantasmal body known as 4
Nagual. This Nagual may lock lke a man, but if may also leok
like any one of a range of different Tofemic animals, such as Bear,
Snake or Eagle. Naguals are offen considerably larger than their
real-world analogues, and particularly powerful shamans are suppos-
edly able fo make ther Nagual become filly physical. These solid Naguals fight in
conbat shen the willage needs to be defended, and arg held fo be mighty and dangerous warriors
well beyond the prowess of any one person to defeat. If the Nagual is somehow slain, the shaman,
sfill back in his buf. dies as well.


There are other dangers. The KGB,
so my brother claims, have @ special sort
I of machine that generates a phantasmal

shield. He says the Americans have
| similar machines. when activated, they fill
a spherical area atovnd themselves with
vibrations that are inimical to the
phantasmal body. These vibrations have
ne effect on the teal world and oe
completely undetectable even to an
experienced phantasmal traveler, byt to
cross the barrier and enter into the sphere
of inflvence while phantasmal is to be
killed ovtright. The phantasmal body —
presymably along with the immortal sovl —
is ripped fe shreds. The KGB vses these
devices to protect its leading politicians,
sectet storetooms and sensitive military,
© research and espionage facilities. [ wovld
strongly encovrage any phanfasmal
\ fraveler, no matter how <vtiovs, to stay
well away from official government
bvildings and test zones, particularly ones
known to be sensitive.

The other place to absolutely aveid is
Antarctica. Recent satellite overviews
revealed a shrange heat vent in the
movntains that melts the ice arovnd jf.
Physical survey discovered a clearly

artificial shaft, lined with smoothly cut stone
blocks so ancient that they defied analysis.
A team of British SAS killers was sent into
the shaft, and later found scattered around
the entrance, vnconsciovs, They remembered
nothing. They were later faken back to Britain
by the American Navy — normally o three-
week journey that terned into fovrteen months in
isolation for the SAS. My brother says that the
K6D sent a team of phantasmal scryers from
Azerbaijan to investigate, bet they lost their
minds before they were able to make any
teport at all. The scryers will spend the rest
of their lives in small cells in St. Petersburg,

screaming af the walls.

—


Yesterday, I had a vivid dream
that woke me {rom my sleep, always a
* sure sign that the Shining Ones are
"" present. I was flying throvgh the air

when I came acioss fue mighty pyramids

balanced precariovsly, one on top of the
» other, point tovching point. The lower,
pointing vp, was made of mud. The
highet, pointing down, of delicate pink
{lowers. The pyramids were vast, ond
filled the sky in which they floated, as J
drew closer, I realized that they were not
actually tevching each other — one was
svspended above the other, with the
points perfectly aligned, just separate
from one another.

Suddenly, the top pyramid flashed.
Light povted down its sides and
<ollected at its point. when all the light
had gathered at the fip, which was
immensely bright, it discharged like
lightning inte the lower pyramid's tip. The
Night then proceeded te dispibvte itself
as a small glow across the whole of the
bottom pyramid. The scene flickered and
swam but did nef change, and then the
light discharge happened again.
gy This fime the bottom pyramid covld
not withstand the power, It shattered,
crvmbling into @ tovgh sphere of rvbble
floating in the ait. Bolts of lightning
continved to arc from the top pyramid
more and more quickly inte the rbble,
striking individval chvnks and \vmps,
and illvminating them briefly.

ae eA!

I looked closely at a piece of
rbble, and saw that it was in fact
made {rom a small gtovp of peeple
pressed together at strange angles. A
bolt of lightning sfrvck into the grovp,
hitting @ single individval af its
midst — yov, friend william. yor were
seffesed with light and pain in eqval
qvantities, and started to babble. as
your words came ovt, 59 too did the
light, and {or a short while all the
gtevp glowed with light, and then the
light was exhavsted, and all was as it
had been.


I seddenly realized that you had
ctiginally been af the very apex of
the lower pyramid, several dozen
copies of yourself standing vpright byt
sqveezed together into the shape of
the pyramid, your very skvlls stretched
vp and twisted together te terminate
in @ sharp point. You and your twins
formed a <@p on the rest of the
sfrvctyre, acting as an interface to
the tep pyramid. The first bolt of
light had been passed down properly
threvghovt the entire pyramid, bet that
had been some time before, perhaps
even a great deal of time before.
when the bottom pyramid shattered, I
covld sense frvstration and disappoint
ment throbbing over the scene, as if
God Himself howled His lament. Still,
the underlying sense of pyrpose did
not waver, and the upper pyramid
continved to discharge energy inte the
clovd of rvbble, illyminating as much
as it covld. It was clear, however,
that the process was so inefficient
that almost all of the wbble wovld
remain vnenlightened almost all of the
time. The scene faded te darkness
s and the dream ended.

‘ It was only vpon awaking that
realized yov and yovr other selves
had not been the only censfifvents in
the cap on the pyramid. Mixed in
with your copies were a few copies of
a man whe locked like Josef Stalin,
the great bytcher who slavghtered so

many of my people

I remain encerfain abovt that
image, bet I do know that yo and
others like yo were to be the informa-
tion Condvit between the Shining Ones
and the henters. A war is won ot lost
on the strength of tactical knowledge
and advance infelligence, as much as
by force of arms. If there is to be any
hope, we will need fo regain the
strength of pytpose that we wovld have
} had if the pyramid of hynters had
remained whole. Perhaps there is some
way that a harbinger like yovrself may
be coected. I shall have te do some
research info the matter.



Being manacled to a stove gives one time to think.

Once he'd settled down, William thought about how
foolish he'd been to chain himself up without putting a chair
within reach. He could sit on the toilet, but only barely. The
bathroom shared a wall with the kitchen, and if he stretched
the chain out to its full length, he could have a bowel
movement. But only if he kept his left leg stretched out,
pulled by the chain out the bathroom door, around the
comer and to the oven.

He could sit on the bathroom sink, but it was cold and
uncomfortable, and if he relaxed too much his back would
slide back and be poked by the faucet. The kitchen counters
were little better, but not much; he could only perch on the
edge because of the overhanging cabinets.

He eventually settled for sitting in the hall next to the
pantry. The only sound was the grandfather clock ticking in
the foyer. He wondered if someone would come for him
before it wound down. Someone or something.

He picked at the manacle around his ankle, wiggled his
toes and cursed himself for putting it on so tight. But at the
same time he felt an ember of pride that he'd done it right —
hadn't compromised, hadn't taken the easy way out. He still
had that much strength.

If he stretched he could look in his home office and see
the computer. It was out of reach. He looked at the damage
in the kitchen wall where he'd ripped out the phone. It was
distasteful — an ugly hole in an otherwise careful decorating

PROLOGUE: CHAINED

scheme. William spenta lot of time in his kitchen. He was an
excellent cook, even when cooking only a single serving.

He walked over to the counter and slowly wiped off the
plaster dust, thinking about Fyodor... about Constance.

* * *

He'd been warned about Constance, but not in any
specific or even useful way. He'd been working in his office,
refuting shoddy scholarship about Georgian sympathizers in
Revolutionary America, when it hit him. First the sickening
plunging feeling, like he'd fallen face-first off a cliff. The
plummet went on and on. The crawling started next. Every-
where he looked, images writhed. The wood grain on his
desk, the pattern in the wallpaper. As his eyes touched them
they transformed into diagrams, maps of unguessable reali-
ties. Any letters he happened to spy crawled over one
another like frotteurs at an orgy, coupling into cryptic
warnings. He squeezed his eyes shut and rubbed his fingers
into them until tears came, but even the red and purple
sparks formed coded missives.

Finally came the voices, the roaring, conflicting,
unintelligible voices: his angry father, his disappointed
mother, his weeping ex-wife, his first girlfriend, his col-
lege professors, his editors, the psychologist he stopped
seeing after three sessions back in 1987. The voices of
everyone he'd ever respected or feared or wanted badly to
be like, be with or simply be. The voices were the worst —
because he knew, somehow knew that if he was just a little


bit smarter, a little bit stronger, a little more worthy it
would all make sense...

"Shut up," he whispered. "Shut up shut up shut up!"

He opened his eyes, wiped the tears away and looked out
the window. He couldn't see anything, but he could feel it
coming, feel it battering the doors of his mindas it got closer.

He turned to the curio cabinet by his desk and squinted
at an item that sat front and center. It was a geode — a
bubble of gray rock, cracked in half to reveal a lining of
bright crystal. In 1830, an Appalachian widow named
Maude Murdoch used it to predict the Bad Axe Massacre on
the banks of the Mississippi. Maude (or sometimes "Maid")
Murdoch became a central figure in area folklore. William
had been lucky to get her scrying stone. While it had never
shown him the future — of the "chosen" he knew, only
Fyodor was trusted with that power — he could use it to see
theareaaround him. He looked into its depths and then saw
the view from the roof of his house.

This particular stretch of Connecticut was a few miles
from the highway. There were a few family farms still
stubbornly tilling, but the houses had mostly been refitted,
either as summer homes for the wealthy from Boston,
Washington or New York, or as homes for the more modest
local elite — business owners, moneyed lawyers and well-
off academics like himself.

The only thing he saw moving was a car coming up the
back road toward his home. A flick of his mind and his senses
projected within it, as if he was sitting invisibly next to the
driver. She looked like she was in her mid-forties, roughly his
own age. She seemed fit and well maintained (also like
himself), and was driving a Lexus. He wondered if she was
"chosen" too, or if she was simply some aberration of the
world, part of the grand plague that he was theoretically
supposed to combat.

He didn't bother to find our. She was not Fyodor or
Fyodor's little protégé, so he would not be home for her. As
she drove up the back way, he opened his garage, got into his
BMW and prepared to depart out the front.

The car failed to start. He grimaced but didn't bother
witha second try. He just closed the garage door instead. As
he got out, he picked up an axe — not that he expected it
to do much good.

He heard a knock at the back door as he went into the
basement. "Mr. Hannon," a woman's voice called. "Mr.
Hannon? Are you home?"

He locked the door and hid under the skeletal wooden
stairs to the basement. If she tried to come down, he supposed
he could stick the axe between the slats and knock her down.

"Mr. Hannon?" He saw her ankles through a dim win-
dow. She was wearing Reebok cross-trainers. Suddenly, as if
she felt his gaze, she knelt down by the window.

William knew he'd pay for it, but he squinted and
tried to really see her. The voices and sensations intensi-
fied immediately.

The world shattered before his eyes. People grew around the
splinters, stealing the power of the world maker to battle one
another, to fill the world with horrors or rob it of its splendor, to
build cages for others and for themselves.

A sick violet miasma surged and swirled around the
woman and William's mind shrieked with warnings of hid-
den power as she smiled at him encouragingly. A copy of
Fyodor's book was in her hand.

"There youare. | was hoping we could discuss this book..."

"Go away," he croaked. He could barely hear himself
speak over the shouting in his head

She faltered. "I... [know you didn't put your name on it,
but I asked around and—"

"Get off my property."

"Tf this isn't a good time—"

"T'm calling the police," he said as he turned toward the
stairs, half expecting the phone lines to be out ot for her to
simply kill him with some incomprehensible display of power.
When he reached the top of the stairs, though, she was
driving away. It wasn't until the next day that he found her
card tucked in his mailbox. It read "Constance Nash, Antiq-
uities" and had the requisite email, fax and phone numbers.
He pulled it out with a stick and burned it.

* * *

Anhourafter chaining himself to the stove, William got
a little hungry. He opened the refrigerator and ate a plum. It
was good and juicy. He washed his hands in the sink and
sighed. He was getting very bored. He wondered what would
have happened if he'd tried to kill Constance that first day.
Then he chided himself for the kind of weak, pointless
dithering that he so despised in others. He had made his
choices. He had good reasons. Now he would deal with
consequences, not idle speculation.

Suddenly, without warning, he found himself yanking
the chain, pulling at it as hard as he could. His heart
hammered with fear as he tried to master his body but was
simply unable. He wrapped the chain around his hands and
strained at it with all his might. "Stop it," he grunted to
himself, but his body ignored him. He turned around so the
chain dug into his shoulder, braced a leg against the front of
the oven and pulled, pulled, pulled.

Then, as suddenly as it had begun, the fir ended. He
slumped to the floor, puffing, exhausted. Initially, William
thought of simply looping the chain through the stove door
handle. He had decided instead to prop up the stovetop and
pass the chain through the actual steel frame. Now, standing
gingerly and getting ice for his raw hands, he was glad for it.

He realized idly that he probably could have stymied
the spell if he'd used the power he felt dormant within him.
On consideration, however, he was glad he hadn't done
that. He could not use the power of the Shining Ones
without drawing their attention, and the stress of their
overwhelming regard was worse than sore hands. If he
found himself trying to saw his ankle off with a bread knife,
he'd call. For now, he was secure.

* * ae

Fyodor had given William the shackles months earlier
— before Constance even visited his house the first time.

William hadn't been at his best at that time. He couldn't
be. His options were to endure the mental static of the Shining
Ones or sedate his ability to perceive them (and everything
else) with codeine. Given the option, he chose the drug.


Fyodor was in one of his moods at the time. William
tried to engage him with questions about the intersections of
their research, but Fyodor clucked his tongue impatiently
and demanded more food. The Russian was ravenous, Will-
iamremembered distinctly. Fyodorate an entire roast chicken.

William blamed himself for Fyodor's impatience. Him-
selfand thesedative. [tmade everything seem to be happening
asecond too slow, and then the world would jerk forward to
catch up with lost time. Time was meant to flow, not drip like
a leaky faucet.

Itdidn't help that Fyodor's accent — not to mention his
esoteric pursuits — made him difficult to follow at the best
of times. To a man on a stumbling dose of painkillers, it was
all close to gibberish,

Fyodor suddenly grabbed William by the arm. "Here,"
he said. "I've something to show you. Come with me."
William's balance was so skewed that he fell to one knee as

he was half-dragged to Fyodor's car.

The Russian had arrived ina nondescript Taurus. When
he opened the trunk, flies buzzed out and William was
assaulted by ascent like'a hot iron pan.

"Is that blood?"

Fyodor waved his hands imy
William. This is important. Choos:

Inside the trunk was a pistol and a length of chain.

The chain had manacles and serious padlocks. It wasn't
the sort of thing you got at the local hardware store. Itwas the
kind of thing that made prisoners in Africa and South

ently. "Pay attention,

PROLOGUE: CHAINED

The pistol was a revolver witha long cylinder and a slim
barrel lengthened by a silencer.

"Choose what?"

"Pick your tool, William. You will need one or the other
eventually."

"Weve don't,"

"Which way will you have it?"

"Js this some kind of metaphor?"

"No, you goddamn fool!" Fyodor barked in Russian, his
voice echoing through the hills. "Pick one!"

William had unaccountably felt like weeping as he picked
up the length of chain. He'd never fired a gun in his life.

"Ah," Fyodor repliedinacalm English tone. "The hard way."

* * *

That distant night still puzzled William, but as he
tubbed his sore ankle with his sore fingers, he found his mind
going back to it again and again. It gave him hope, somehow.
Perhaps Fyodor had known. Perhaps Fyodor had foreseen the
whole thing. Maybe if William had chosen the gun, Constance
would be dead now. Or — more likely—~ perhaps he would
have shot himself.

William didn't own a gun and had no plans to buy
one. It would be too tempting. During one of the first
visits from the Shining Ones — the time Fyodor found
him — he had tried to kill himself, slicing at his wrists
with a kitchen knife. But as the pain from his forearms
grew, the babbling of his tormentors subsided, blotted
out by the primal sensation of agony, William had always
considered his mind superior, but this time instinct


overruled intellect, forcing him to drop the knife and
weep. Fyodor bandaged him, told him to focus, encour-
aged him not to fight the Shining Ones but let their fury
pass through him, like light through a pane of glass. It
didn't work perfectly, but it helped.

In time, William found other ways to deal with the
onslaught of the Shining Ones. He contacted Fyodor via
email or they spoke on the phone. Their discussions seemed
clear, but that damnable hunter-net — somehow its very
messages stirred up echoes in his head. He had his codeine.
He learned to stay away from people.

Fyodor saved him once. Would he do it again? Would he
do it now?

* * *

William ignored the first phone call from Constance.
She tried to reach him at home, apologized on his answering
machine, and asked if she could make an appointment to
speak with him.

The second time, she called his office at the museum and
left another message, talking about how very intrigued and
interested she was in his book. She implied that she could
reward him handsomely if he introduced her to its author.

She was persistent for over a month, but William was
just as stubborn. She followed him — he could feel the ebb
and flow of her proximity through the babble in his head.
Whenever it started, he looked into the glint of his warch
face or the shine of an antique bottle, stepped outside his
body and found her. Then he avoided her. At his home that
first time, he was trapped, but he knew the museum and its
environs intimately. He was always able to get away quite
easily from there.

Then one day the babble began as he approached work.
With an irritated grunt, he pulled over, looked into his
rearview mirror and did a quick rundown of the neighbor-
hood. He didn't find Constance. What he found was a
painted symbol on an empty shop front —asigil he somehow
knew meant "danger," even though he had never seen it
before. Inside the shop, his wandering gaze found three dead
men, yet they still walked. They were discussing what they
would do when night fell. Their plans were not pleasant —
killing and "feeding."

William's fear for the things' intended victims was so
slight, it barely registered. What was important was that
the killers' presence limited his options. He could try to
work through the nausea and agony of the Shining Ones'
abuse, he could go to work drugged, or he could try to get
rid of them somehow.

Then he had an idea that he thought was very clever.
He drove to an area where he could think clearly, and he
called Constance.

"Mr. Hannon? What a delightful surprise! I was
worried thar—"

"Ms. Nash, I'll get to the point. You're a witch."

"['m... | beg your pardon?"

"Don't play games with me, or I will hang up and never
call back. You have questions. I have answers. I will answer
what questions | choose, in the fashion of my choosing, but
only after you've done something for me."

She was quiet fora while. "Yes?" she finally said. "Not that
T'm agteeing, mind you. L just want to know what you want."

"There's an abandoned store at 1416 Campden Avenue.
Inside are three angry and dangerous creatures. Get rid of
them and | will speak with you one time, for halfan hour over
the telephone."

After he hung up, he frowned. It was likely that he'd still
have one problem or the other after it was over, but one was
better than two.

* * *

While locked to the stove, William wondered if
Constance managed to exert some kind of control over him
from that first phone call. Perhaps his assumption that a
phone would insulate him was naive. But his only other
options were drugs or a barrage from the Shining Ones. He
preferred self-reliance.

Perhaps, he mused, if Constance hadn't been so clearly
intelligent, so obviously cultured and well educated... but
there was no profit in those thoughts. She was intelligent.
She did understand what he said on the phone. And without
the tiresome repetition that had so eroded his patience with
college students.

As her half-hour interview approached its end, she
asked him to meet her face to face. He refused. She asked
why and he refused to say. She asked if they could have
another discussion, and he refused that as well... but he
hesitated. He noticed his own hesitation, and he was sure
she did as well.

After he hung up, he was surprised to realize that he
wanted to talk to her again. He wanted someone accessible
(which Fyodor so often was not) with whom to discuss his
questions and findings.

As he so often did, William dismissed his feelings. But a
month later, when invisible spirits occupied a warehouse and
made William's life hell once again, he called Constance and
proposed the same sort of arrangement.

"No," she replied.

"Ah," William said calmly. "Well, if you've found some-
one else who can satisfy your curiosity..."

"I haven't," she said, "But you're being unreasonable.
Ghosts are dangerous, and I'll need to call in some favors to
settle them. I want more than a phone call. l want to look you
in the face when we speak so that I'll know you're not lying,
so | can be sure you won't just hang up on me."

"L assure you, you'll get a clearer answer if we speak over
the phone."

"The clearest answers are rarely true: Asa historian, I'm
surprised you don't know that."

He smiled. He didn't think about the smile, it just
happened. He agreed to the meeting.

* * *

William took a taxi to the restaurant. He knew the
codeine would leave him in no shape to drive. When the cab
pulled up in front of the meeting place, he gritted his teeth
and called on the Shining Ones, asking for the sight that was
destroying his mind.

He could harely figure our the tip for the cab driver.


Constance had her hair up, but William couldn't even
see her dress through the purple effluvium that enshroud her
body. Indigo light seemed to flash from her eyes as the voices
screamed, "HER MIND SEARCHES YOU."

"My God, William, are you all right?"

He could vaguely perceive her worried expression.

"Let's sit, shall we?" he muttered. She took his arm and
gently steered him toa booth in the back. As they walked, he
saw other patrons looking up, eyebrows raised. Her aura
flickered again and their brows cleared, their eyes slid off him
and they returned to their placid feeding.

"SHE VIOLATES THEIR WILL," the Shining
Ones bellowed.

"Thanks," William muttered.

"Tr's nothing," she said, clearly thinking he meant to
thank her for her steadying hand. But really he was thanking
her for turning their eyes away, for sparing him the dull gaze
of the herd, for keeping them from repulsing him with their
thick, vapid, wrongfully superior stares.

"What's happening to you?" she asked.

"They're talking to me," he replied.

"Who?"

He shrugged.

"Do you know what they're doing to you?"

"They want me to stop things. Things like you, and the
ghosts and all the others..." A thousand foreign names
flitted across his mind, but he couldn't grasp them any more
than he could stop them.

"Why? What have they gor against me?"

Another shrug.

"Are all the... You call them "imbued" in your book....
Are they all burdened the way you are?"

"No. The others... the soldiers and foot servants and
medics... they are shown only what they can handle."

"Were you supposed to handle what you receive?"

"| suppose so."

She was quiet for a moment. William looked at his
menu but couldn't read it. The words rearranged them-
selves into warnings.

"William... I think I can help you."

"You'll excuse me if I'm disinclined to accept." Glaring
at her was the first moment he'd felt vaguely like himself
since he entered.

"Honestly, the human mind is... well, it's sort of my
specialty. There's a great deal of interference, but I can see
how badly fragmented your mind is by the stresses upon it.
With time and effort, I believe... I think I could help you sort
through all the input. I could help you correlate it into
something useful."

"Why should I trust you with something so precious as
my mind?"

"William, I know what it's like to suddenly be... as-
saulted by perceptions of a larger world. It happened to me.
Ithappens to all of us. What you're feeling is the pressure of
something called an ‘avatar' trying to be born into your
soul. The birth pains can be agonizing, but with a midwife
it's a lot easier."

"I'm not what you are."

Now it was her turn to shrug. "How can you be so sure?
I've awakened avatars before, William, and you look like a
classic case. [ can tame it if you let me."

William shook his head. Her misplaced confidence
depressed and exhausted him. Then he gritted his teeth and
showed her what she looked like to the Shining Ones.

She screamed and ran. He passed out.

* * *

Thinking back, William wondered if that was when she
got him. When he was unconscious, unprotected. Maybe. He
guessed it didn't matter.

The sun was down, the kitchen light was on and he was
cooking up a big pot of tom khai gai — Thai chicken and
coconut-milk soup. It wasa favorite of his, buthe didn't make
it often because it took so much time.

He frowned as he sliced ginger and garlic. He had to
make do with powdered galangal, as he was out of fresh; he
replaced the lemongrass with lemon juice and he had no lime
leaves, but he hoped it would still be palatable. Making it
passed the time.

Perhaps she tinkered with his mind when he was uncon-
scious in the restaurant. Perhaps she placed a suggestion that
he feel sorry for her and agree to another meeting. Or perhaps
he had just been weak, had enjoyed pitying her because it fed
an illusion of not being pitiful himself.

It was inconsequential when it happened. At some
pointe, she got her foot in the door.

Initially, he was suspicious, but she worn him down,
promised to ease his suffering — and she did. She told him
that Tanacetum parthenium would probably work just as
well as codeine on his unique condition, with fewer side
effects, and she was right.

She spent months on him. Money, too. She arranged a
grant for him to work on a folklore classification project
from home, so he wouldn't need to be distracted with a
commute. He didn't trust her. But he trusted himself to be
smarter than her.

Jingling his chain idly, he knew that was his ultimate
mistake.

* * *

William spoke to Constance less than two hours before
he chained himself up.

"So the knowledge of these symbols is simply imprinted
on your mind?"

"Exactly. The epistemology of it is frighteningly pure."

"And you're certain that these symbols aren't based on
some suppressed or previously perceived medium?"

"For the last time, this is not my subconscious trying to
contact me, it is not an ‘avatar.' Hundreds of other people
have had this same experience."

"Well, it might seem that way to you... but there's
been an awful lot of weird stuff going on lately. No one's
entirely sure..."

He was walking her back to her car from a late supper
when he spotted a freshly painted symbol on an alley wall. It
was the one for "warlock."


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

"Look," he said, pointing.

That was when the hunters struck.

There were only two of them. If he'd been alone, he
would have felt them coming, but Constance's presence
masked them.

They were young, just kids really, one swinging a chain
and hollering and the other following with a knife. Constance
was quicker than both of them. She got on the other side of
a parked car and had a gun out before the first reached her.
Her aim was true. The second tried to run, but her second
bullet dropped him.

She stood for a moment, perhaps shocked by her own
actions. Lights flicking on in the surrounding windows and
she realized the police would soon be there. Her heart began
to race. Then she made herself calm.

"William? Are you...?" Her voice trailed off as she saw
him running away up the empty street.

* * *

That was when he knew. Two idiotic children attacked
them and before William even thought about it, he called the
Shining Ones to see if these things were bloodsuckers ot
skinshifters or something else.

The Shining Ones showed that they weren't tainted, but
the calling had shown him much more than that. With the
Shining Ones in his mind, there was no place for the
reshaping that Constance had done —so subtly, so carefully,
so painlessly, so unlike the crude power of his patrons — over
the course of months. The obedience. The comfort. The
relaxation. She'd given him everything with her that he
didn't have with them. Like a dog, he'd rolled over to expose
his belly. He'd answered every question. He'd let down his
guard and made it so easy for her to put suggestions in the
little nooks and crannies of his mind, things he'd never
notice until the time was right... suggestions that would
bring him back to her, helpless as ever.

"Stay with me," he muttered aloud, begging the Shin-
ing Ones as he got to his car. Eyes wide with fright, he
pulled onto the highway, hoping he'd lost her, instinc-
tively heading home.

"Stay with me."

What they brought wasn't clear-headedness, far from it,
butat least with them he was himself — confused and in pain,
but his own man, not an amiable lapdog toa witch. He dialed

as he drove. He knew he wasn't supposed to call Fyodor's
brother on a cell phone or from his home, but there wasn't
time, not even for a pay phone. It could be traced to him, a
call toa killer, but it didn't matter. He needed Fyodor. Only
Fyodor could save him.

He got an answering machine. Too rattled to think in
Russian, he left a message in English.

"This is William Hannon. Tell Fyodor I need him now.
Tellhim to come with every ally he can find, this is... it's very
bad. Tell him I'll be at my house. Tell him it's urgent!"

At home, he turned on his computer. When he logged
onto hunter-net, the pain was a relief.

He knew where to find the killers. He'd posted an urgent
message on "firelight," telling them where he'd seen Constance
last. He told them wharshe could do, what she'd done to him.
He told them her name, her phone number and her address
—the ones that she had given him, anyway. Then he begged
them to contact Fyodor or Bookworm if they could, to tell
them to rescue him.

Finally, he told them he didn't dare get online again
until he knew Constance was dead. He didn't think he'd told
her about hunter-net. He didn't remember telling her, and
she probably hadn't thought to ask. But he couldn't be sure.
He couldn't trust his memories, or lack of them.

He ripped the phone out of the wall in the kitchen,
chained himself to the stove and threw the key down the hall,
far beyond his reach.

* * *

The grandfather clock stopped chiming after four in
the morning, but William slept right through it. His ankle
was beginning to scab. He fell asleep hoping that
Constance's subtle command to free himself and come to
her had been thwarted.

What woke him was vertigo — a terrible feeling like
falling face-first off a cliff. As he opened his eyes and winced,
the texture of the linoleum seemed to show him terrible
things. The voices came, clamoring, untamed by any drug.

Someone was coming. He could feel it. Someone was
getting closer.

He got the biggest knife out of the drawer. He didn't
expect it to do much good.

He asked the Shining Ones to make him see, and then
waited. He could hear someone walking up to his front door.


By Tin Dedorutos AND Gree Srotze, WITH PHILIPPE BOuLte

a &


Grrrs

Authors: Tim Dedopulos and Greg Stolze, with
Philippe Boulle

Devil's Advocate: Ed Hall and Patrick O'Duffy
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Michelle Lyons

Hunter Roster Manager: John Meehan

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Jason Alexander, Mike Chaney,
Langdon Foss, Vince Locke, Justin Palm, Drew Tucker
Front Cover Art: Tommy Lee Edwards

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

Worcs Wore Peavorr Hockey Srecint Yuasts

Chad "Most Improved" Brown (#14, Wing), for
snagging the first of the post-season awards.

Brian "$5 Wortha Quarters!" Glass (#84, Defense),
for keeping the domed hockey game well fed.

Kevin "Accepted in Absentia" Hingley (#20, Center),
for being the most offensive. That's right, the most offensive.

Matt "I Have a Spare Stick" Milberger (#7, Wing), for
keeping Dougin the game vicariously through hisequipment.

Rich "Doctor Hook" Thomas (#13, Defense), for being
most likely to remove a guy's teeth or eyes with his stick.

Mike "Pop my Cork" Tinney (#11, Goal), for knowing
how to celebrate a championship season in style.

Fred "Division 2" Yelk (#56, Defense), for starting
the bestest D-2 team that never was.

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
1 PARK NORTH BLD. duction without the written permission of the publisher is express!

& Sure 28

forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank
character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use on!

CLIRKSTON (A 30021 White Wolf, Hunter the Reckoning, Vampire and World
Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, h
All rights reserved. Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter
vival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter Apoet

Hunter Book Avenger, Hunter Book Defender, Hunter]
et Book Innocent, Hunter Book Judge, Hunter Book Martyr, Hunter Book Redeemer, Hi
Hunter Players Guide are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights r
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

ned.

e supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discreti
Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

¢ Wolf online at

-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.


Tapts of Gonrenrs

Prococue: CHAINED

InrroDUGTION

Cuaprer i: tone NY HE CROWD
Cunprer 2: Keeping Your Dis ANCE
Guaprer 3: Bridging vie Gar
Cuarver 4: Desviny Lost

Guarren 5: Epiers From Bove
Gunrre 6: ANcHoRITEs



Now therefore let me alone, that my wrath may wax hot
against them, and that may consume them: and I willmake of thee

@ great nation.

— Exodus 32:10

Sranping Aone

Hunter Book: Hermit is a sourcebook to help you
develop a better understanding of the Hermit creed and its
emerging role in the world of Hunter: The Reckoning.
Hermit is one of the two "lost" creeds, one of the mentalities
and philosophies on the hunt that only now begins to
emerge among the chosen. In truth, these outsiders and
outcasts have been around since the first hunters were
imbued —and perhaps even before. They have simply been
taken for intense, obsessive or reactionary hunters of various
perspectives, and given little more credence than that.
Little did anyone know that these loners are actually of alike
kind. Their bizarre behavior was imprinted upon them
equally as much as it was determined by who they were
before the Heralds touched them.

Asa Hermit, you are a tortured, beleaguered person; a rarity
even among the scarce imbued. Your imbuing is essentially
similar to that of other hunters in that you are confronted by the
existence of monsters and are made to see the truth of the world.
You might even be awoken alongside other people who also
respond to the spectacle before them. Whether you know it or
not, your change is fundamentally different from those of other
hunters, though. Whereas they see visions, hear disembodied
voices or suffer other hallucinations thanks to the Messenger
intervention, they are largely left to their own devices afterward.
Youare notallowed that "freedom." Rather, it seems the Heralds

awaken youand then never leave youcompletely, assaulting your
mind with sights, images, odors, decrees, warnings and alerts for
the remainder of your days.

In most cases those days are short, because the onslaught
of information is too much fora person to bear. Your brethren
kill themselves or go completely mad. As it is, even those who
can bear the noise lose something of their sanity. The pressure
from above proves most intense in the presence of monsters
and of other hunters, as if the Heralds seek to communicate
most with you when you're in proximity to the beings that
you're intended to work with or against. It's as if you're meant
to be a medium for information from above to your peers on
Earth or a conduit of lore about the world's monsters, but you
don't possess the fortitude, will or insight to hear or decipher
the word of the gods correctly.

This intense focus from the heavens makes social inter-
action anywhere from challenging to agonizing for you.
Whereas it seems that simple proximity to people causes you
pain, it eventually proves that the monsters and other imbued
who hide within the human herd are the source for your
suffering. Your most likely source of peace is therefore to
escape the masses, to flee the others who incite the word from
above. Youseek isolation, distance and solitude, because then
the voices diminish and your mind is your own. Yet, the voices
and signs never cease completely, and you can't ignore the
booming imperatives to do something about the creatures and
corruption to which you're exposed. You must conduct the


hunt by some means. You must make some difference in the
world. But action often means painful confrontation, while
inaction means torturous otherworldly decrees. You'redamned
if you do and you're damned if you don't.

Is it any wonder that you're a broken hunter? An
imbued who senses an essential role to play asa facilitator or
communicator, but who is inherently disabled whenever he
tries? Is it any wonder that other hunters consider you
insane, schizo or a freak? Is it any wonder that other imbued
would choose not to recognize you, not to work with you,
until times are desperate? If only you didn't come up with
divinely inspired insights, extraordinary revelations about
monsters, the imbued or the Heralds, you could be left alone
to your suffering. But once ina while, you're possessed by an
all-encompassing truth of the hunters' agenda, and you have
no choice but to share it and make yourself invaluable to the
imbued at large. Perhaps you were supposed to perform that
role from the beginning and have simply failed from the
change itself. It doesn't really matter. Your significance to
the creators makes you an invaluable participant on the
hunt, whether you want to be or not.

Hunter Book: Hermit book helps you understand
your creed and your character. It helps you determine who
your Hermit is, before and after the imbuing. The creed's
unique powers and rules don't hurt either. (For Hermits'
official creed definition and explanation, see p. 16 of the
Hunter Players Guide.)

Just as you need to understand your own Hermit,
however, you must also understand hunter society as it
emerges; the two are inextricably intertwined, even though
your character is an outcast. As the other newly imbued
struggle to understand their new world, origins and pur-
pose, they inevitably compare experiences, philosophies
and fears to those of others on the streets or on the Internet.
At first, the recently awakened latch onto anyone who
understands them; this new world is just too terrifying to
contend with alone. In time, though, as more and more
imbued dare meet and make overtures to find each other,
individuals with similar attitudes and theories are at-
tracted to one another and develop like-minded circles.
These nascent social groups are the bases for what ulti-
mately become the hunter creeds.

During the hunters' emergence, many varied imbued can
seem to have common goals. As the chosen make contact,
they try to understand their mutual condition and work
together. They quickly discover, however, that similar goals
and comparable experiences can hide fundamentally different
philosophies, whether about hunter purpose, the nature of the
Messengers or the necessary fate of monsters. Mutual experi-
ences and mutual values turn out to be two very different
things. Hunters can therefore be taken by surprise when a
fellow "Innocent" really proves to be a fanatic Avenger or a
philosophical Visionary. Sometimes, the chosen aren't even
sure of their own ideals until they immerse themselves com-
pletely in the hunt.

It's only after the imbued become fully devoted to, or
even obsessed with, the hunt that their approaches to it
become purposeful and refined. Some become determined
to save monsters' souls. Others want to see such creatures

utterly destroyed. When this distillation is complete, the
creeds as social classifications will finally arise. Judge will
recognize Judge and Redeemer will recognize Redeemer,
all through the creeds' codified values, intentions and goals
on the mission.

When will hunters achieve such social structure? It
could take months or years as the imbued struggle to
understand themselves and then each other. The fact that
so many edges seem to be shared by the chosen of various
perspectives and personalities doesn't help, either. When
creeds as institutions are finally acknowledged, however,
the hunt may finally gain the momentum it needs to
overcome the supernatural, once and for all. Or perhaps
such cumbersome and fractious divisions will be the hunt's
undoing, as imbued fall to infighting and politics rather
than upholding their higher purpose.

The Hermits' fractured existence as hunters keeps
them outside the evolution of hunter contact and creed
recognition. The pain they suffer in hunter and monster
presence begins from their very imbuing and never fades
completely. Suffering and anguish during social contact
makes interaction, coordination and mutual understand-
ing difficult. Indeed, the Hermits' desire to avoid both
their peers and monsters is what makes them the least
understood of hunters. Still, Hermits experience many of
the same fears and transitions that other imbued do as
they try to come to grips with what's happened to them
and what the world is really like. Hermits often go it alone
out of necessity, but they're still terrified by what they see
and know. They need validation that they aren't mad,
and lack of that confirmation alone pushes many outcasts
over the edge.

Even when distant and isolated, however, Hermits are
afflicted with decrees from the Heralds, telling them of
beasts and atrocities that must be addressed. Remaining
silent would actually allow the monstrous and horrific to
come to pass, which is perhaps even more intolerable than
the clamor they suffer around monsters and hunters. So
Hermits come out of their shells and down from their
mounts to share the word of the gods — or whatever creates
the imbued. They force themselves to play a part in the
hunters' crusade despite the pain. Although they're often
misunderstood, the veracity and enormity of the informa-
tion they share makes them impossible to ignore, even by
the most close-minded. Hermits therefore become a part of
the hunter fold and perhaps even emerge as a collection of
imbued unto themselves.

Ultimately, the course of your chronicle and your
Storyteller's vision decides when all creeds become publicly
recognized in your game. In the meantime, your Hermit's fully
developed identity helps define his own kind and the society
of all imbued.

Prnspecrivis

The opinions, theories, information and outlooks ex-
pressed in this book are presented primarily in three distinct
"voices." These Hermit narrators typify the spectrum of
personalities across the creed as a whole. Each of these
people presents his or her own take on the origins, tactics,
relations and ultimate fate of the loners, and on hunters in


general. Each, like all Hermits, has his own concept of the
way the world should be once the imbued have broken
monsters' stranglehold on humanity.

The creed and its members' views evolve constantly as
Hermits try to define themselves and their aspirations for
the future in a world they no longer understand. With no
other frame of reference, the chosen often resort to the ideas,
values and philosophies they possessed before their transfor-
mation, ensuring that each Hermit's explanation of the
hunt is as unique as the individual who gives it. Thus, itis the
questions the imbued ask of themselves and their world —
not any specific belief system — that best illustrate their
individual and collective identity. After reading this book,
youshould have a sense of the frustrations and impulses that
inspire and motivate various outcasts. You should sense why
these people seek solitude, yet can't resist the command to
be active and interactive members of the hunter order. We
also hope that you're inspired to fully develop your character's
identity and values, to make his reaction to monsters and the
hunt just as compelling.

How v0 Use Tis Book

Hunter Book: Hermit broadens the World of Darkness
as creed members perceive it and offers insights into the
imbued psyche. It also offers new rules and powers for use by
the outsiders among hunters, and possibly by other creed
members. This book can therefore help you better understand

your character and elaborate upon her.
Chapter 1: Alone in the Crowd explores the nature of

monsters, the Messengers and hunters from the Hermit per-
spective, and seeks to explain why they're cursed above all
other imbued.

Chapter 2: Keeping Your Distance covers outcasts'
approach to their calling and how they turn their torment
into revelation for the imbued.

Chapter 3: Bridging the Gap describes Hermits' rela-
tions with other hunters and how to make any kind of
interaction possible.

Chapter 4: Destiny Lost presents loners' resignation for
their role, and anticipation of their own fate and that of the
world, as snatched from the clamor from the Powers That Be.

Chapter 5: Edicts from Above offers rules and edges that are
special to Hermits and might even be available to other hunters.

Chapter 6: Anchorites details newly imbued outsiders
who are ready for play. This chapter also profiles creed
members who have acquired somewhat infamous reputations.

texicon

Largely existing in a vacuum and seeking to understand
his existence utterly alone, each Hermit tends todevelop very
personal terms for monsters, other hunters and the mission.
He grasps for words that can define what has happened to him
and what he has become. The following are formative terms
used to label other people, ideas and experiences gathered
from Messenger and occasional contact with other hunters.

balancer: Another hunter; an interpretation of the im-
bued in general as "balancers."

Dark One: A monster or a supernatural being better not
specified. Also "tumor."

outcast: One of the imbued who's tormented by Herald
contact. Also known as "loner," "outsider" or "schizo." A
member of the Hermit creed.

Shining One: Herald, Messenger

static, the: The pain, nausea, headaches and noise that
Hermits suffer constantly, but particularly in the presence of

sand other hunters. The static is actually a product of
subconscious efforts to keep the Herald's barrage of messages
out and to maintain some semblance of sanity. Also "babble,"
"clamor" or "noise."



CHAPTER i: ALONE IN THE CROWD

All the days wherein the plague shall be in him he shall be
defiled; he is unclean: he shall dwell alone; without the camp shall

his habitation be
— Leviticus 13:46

Or. arthur Wu
Rivendell Psychiatric Hospital
Sydney. dustralia 2138
Or. Bertram Leo
St. Louis Psychiatric Rehabilitation Center
St. Louis, Missoun, 63116,USa

Dear Doctor Leo.

Iwas surprised to learn that the circumstances of the
‘Jones Murders" had spread to the United States. It's beenin
the news here "Down Under' since the initial incident. but |
didn't know that dmerican papers had picked up the story,

Imust confess to some doubt about your theories of a
widespread ‘paranormal paranoid complex." | diagnosed
Pamela Drummond as a paranoid schizophrenic and I stand
bythat diagnosis, as! believeher file bears out. However. if the
simianties between her and your patient Yolanda Cardaras
are sufficient, | Could be induced to change my mind.

| feel reluctantly compelled to advise extreme discre-
tion with these files. [mm sure a man in your position handies
this sort of personal material all the time and |have no doubt
that your professionalstandards are beyond reproach. Due
to the media circus surrounding the Jones case in dustralia,
however, my department has been subjected toextremely
invasive attention fram several tabloid reporters. |wouldnot
putit past them to steal this information.

Inany event. good luck with your research

Best Wishes.
Or. drthur Wu

Tue Bier
Name. Pamela Drummand
Attending Physician. Dr. arthur Wu
Date of admission. July 14

Reason for admission. Subject was present during a
domestic disturbance at 1499 Clare Court. When police ar-
rived she was hysterical, incoherent and bloodied. an
ambulance took herand one otherindividual fram thescene
toWestmead hospital.dsa consequence of persistent hys-
teria, she was sedated and restrained.
Initial Assessment. Dr. Morgan was on call when Pamela
Drummond was brought in. decording to Or. Morgan,
Drummond was spattered withblood both front and backs,
and her arms were coated up to the elbows. dpparently
very little of the blood was her own. Her injuries were
limited to circular burns on her forearms and on her left
shoulder blade.
Juv iS

@s per my instructions. Nurse Naramore released Ms.
Drummond from her restraints before the patient regained
consciousness. It was a risk, but only a small one, Ms
Drummondis a petite woman. there were few breakables in
herroomand|stationed anurse outside with orders topage
me when IIs. Drummond awoke. She came to at about
10.00 this morning. | arranged our initial interview immedi-
ately, and arranged for proper documentation. Upon
beginning the interview. lintroduced myself and asked herif
she minded me recording our interview.

a =


TER BOOK : HERMIT

dW. Please state cleany that | have your full permission
torecord this interview and future interviews.

PO. Uh... sure, | guess. Your computer can record this?

€W. Yes, | have voice-recognition software. Can you
state your name, please?

PO. Pamela Orumond. How does it tell between words
that sound the same but mean different?

@W. | have to ga in and clean up the text files manually
sometimes. Do you know where you ane?

PD. 'minahospital. [Here she looked at therestraints |
Is this the psych ward? dm I crazy?

aW, ‘Crazy' is a word so misused as to be meaning-
lass. You were brought here last night. and yes, this is a
psychiatric facility.

PO, Thank Sod!

@W, | beg your parcian?

PD, Well. if I'm crazy, that means what | saw was just a
hallucination, right?

AW, Im sure Ihave no idea. Why con't you tell me what
you saw?

PO, 1 don't think | can describe them. Not in a way that
will really make sense. They were just... just awful. Like
blactsjellyfish with tentacles — huge. But that doesn't really
tell you how wrong they were. [as she spoke, she brake
eye contact and became increasingly agitated) It wasn't
just the sight of them, or the smell. but it was just their
presence. They didn't belong.

@W. Imnot sure...

PD, There was something just wrong! They shouldn't
have beenallowed to... tobe realllt was like in a nightmare
where you see something normal, but it scares you forno:
reason? Like that, only a hundred. a million times worse.
seeing their real shape... like holes, or tumors, only it was
the word they were making sick!

aW. Ms. Drummond. please calm down. Whatever you
think you saw, it's not here now. Please relax

PD, [m sorry, | think... maybe lm crazy.

@W. Why don't you tell me, in your own words, what
happened last night

PD. Well. don't remember all that much, reallly, It started
with a party at my boss' house. David Lavelle. He's from
France, so he celebrates Bastille Day every year

AW. What do you co fora living?

PD.! work at Lavelle dudio. We sell stereo equipment.

€W. So, you were at a party at your boss' hame?

PD, at first everything seemed normal. There were alot
ofpeople. .. Javidownsseveralbusinesses, andhe dinvited
his neighbors, too. dnd then | heard this voice.

aW, Who was it?

PO, don't know. No one was talking. not tame, anyway.
Itwasliseitwas all around me. Like. .. lise!was hearing it with
My whole body. It said. The world sickens."

@W. Had you ever heard this voice before? Or other
disembodied voices?

PO. | don't think so. But that wasn't all. | saw them

GW. Was this the, uh... the tentacle beings?

PO. Notat first. at first|saw two figures. One was made
of light, or maybe fire. Kind of like the heat rising off a high-
wav? The other looked like it was made of shadows. They
were moving through the party, touching people. Not ev-
enyone. just some of them. But the people they touched
Started looking around. and then they started doing things
— screaming or running away or grabbing people. | turned
to see what they were looking at. and that's when | saw
the... the other things. (Discussing these visions made the
patient visibly upset, but she was still under control]

‘aW. What did you do?

PD. | don't remember exactly. There were people
screamingandrunningand fighting remember yelling things.
They seemed ta make sense at the time. but | don't know
what | said now. | think | was pulling sameone, and then one
of thecreatures came atme and was trying to takeher from
me. It touched me and it burned. let go and ran.

Notes, Ms. Drummond is clearly an intelligent woman,
but she appears to have had — orhave currently — severe
hallucinations. While this has the marks ofa psychochemical
imbalance. | suspect there may be some psychological ele-
ments. The fantastic figures she describes clearly fulfilsome
symbolic functionif theystirher emotions so powerfully, But
what do these phantoms represent?

When the police report describes what happened, [Mm
sure [il know more.

Hoxorinc a Requesy

"How does one write a letter with no recipient? Think on
that puzzle, William. | shared my thoughts and researches with
you for your ‘Apocrypha.' If you would like to return the
compliment, write a letter to no one for me, one that will never
be sent, only received."

Acryptic request, but Fyodor would not ask without
some reason. It's harder than might be expected — with
no clear image of areader, expressing content is challeng-
ing. And yet, it fills idle moments. So. If | am to write a
letter to no one, | think | should start at the beginning and
tell it like it is.

Some of us are marked for greatness from the moment
we are born. We stand out from the crowd, clearly
superior to those less fortunate. It's tragic that in the
modern world, with its teeming democratic masses, even
the faintest hint of quality is enough to make you a target
for the scorn and aggression of the fools around you.
Democracy itself is surely the greatest, saddest lie ofall. By
promising a slice of power to everyone, it ensures that only
the most numerous can flourish. Regrettably, we are not
empowered and ennobled into one self-enlightened unity
as politicians promise. Quite the opposite. We are locked
into a vicious prison created by the coarsest common
instincts and desires of the lizard brain within us — spite,
greed, faithlessness and treachery.

Men and women of true vision are hidden from view
within this poisonous fog of deluded primitivism, swamped
under the tide of mankind's earliest programming. But it's
even worse than just sheer dilution by volume of the
superior into the inferior. Being a person of quality opens
you up to the jealous rages of fools — talking monkeys —


who see only that they are lesser than you. Rather than
attempt to benefit from the many and great things that you
have to offer, they seek to strike out, to reduce the "threat"
that they perceive from more advanced life forms than they.
If they would only consider cooperating, accepting that you
have strengths that can support their weaknesses, then all
would benefit. Instead, they lash out with mockery, scorn
and stones, driving you away and laughing like hyenas at the
pain that they have caused. The benefits that all could have
enjoyed are lost, thrown away in favor of a selfish scrabble
for the crumbs that remain. The glory that could be enjoyed
by all is destroyed because the stupid and the oafish are too
self-obsessed to see that humanity is a many-tiered thing,
not a pool of bland equality.

This is the great tragedy of the modern world, and it
makes me weep to consider it.

| count myself particularly unfortunate, for my superi-
ority has always been plain for the masses to perceive, in my
vocabulary, intelligence, accent and mannerisms. At school,
| swiftly learned not to waste my time trying to interact with
most of the children around me, and sought social accep-
tance in more intellectual strata, becoming a passable
musician. Unlike most of the little idiots, | spent my time
actually trying to learn, and the education | obtained served
to further set me apart from them. | allowed them to
ostracize me — even enjoyed not having to interact with
them — and channeled my interests into saner times long
past, when people knew their role.

In due course, | became a skilled historian and folklor-
ist, supporting myself financially through paid research and
shrewd dealings in antiquities and items of historical signifi-
cance. | have had my work published in a number of
journals. Were | more inclined to put up with blithering
idiots, | could have easily obtained a research seat at one
of the local colleges where my work is known — Harvard,
perhaps — but | chose not to. The thought of having to
stare at sullen theaters full of resentful youths is utterly
abhorrent. | would rather spend time with my books and
my artifacts. They, at least, provide good company.

| have said that some are marked for greatness. My
elevation to the ranks of the chosen came when | was
returning from a trip to a fellow dealer, one who
advertises his services more widely than I. He is based
in Hartford, a town with some architectural charm. | had
decided to pay a visit to a historical house | had noticed
on a previous trip. It was late in the day, and out of
season, so | felt relatively safe in expecting a degree of
privacy. As | was about to enter the drawing room, a
mighty wind sprang up and a tremendous voice boomed
out, "THE PAST HUNGERS." | felt a sharp discomfort
— an utterly loathsome feeling of plummeting off the
edge of the world into a vast abyss, mixed with a
crawling sensation as if my skin were trying to escape. |
became aware of a howling roar of voices shouting at
me, too tangled to distinguish more than an occasional
syllable. At the same time, | realized that | could see a
horrific being seemingly comprised of teeth and claws
bounding around the room insanely, like a madman
trying to break out of a padded cell.

The assault on my expectations was stunning, and |
stood, dazed, on the threshold of the room for some
moments, trying to gather my thoughts and resist the
agony. Some stupid little woman with a litter of children
tried to push past me and into the room. Despite my
dislike, | found that | could not quite bring myself to leave
her to such a horrific thing. | extended my arms to block
the doorway, turning my back on Hell itself, and made it
clear to her that she couldn't pass. | believe | recall telling
her that | was an administrator at the house, and that the
room was currently unsafe. Somewhat aggravated, she
moved on. | would have waited longer, | think, but after a
few more moments the mad thing departed in frustration,
simply disappearing.

The pressure in my head and chest slowly subsided
to a dull throb, and when | had gathered my thoughts
enough to function, | fled to my car. | spent some hours
trying to put the worst of my shock behind me. Finally,
once | felt relatively certain that the thing was not
following me, | began the journey home. The drive
seemed like an eternity.

Jounnat, Day i

When Bev and | were seeing a marriage counselor, he Said we
Should keep journals of our thoughts about our lives and stuff
to put things straight in our heads. | thought it was kind of gay,
and i+ probably still is. 4 didn + help +hen, probably won ‘+ now,
but \can + think of anything else to do. | could drink, | Suppose,
but it's awful early in the day,

At Sirst | thought | was crazu, but the marks on my truck
didn + get there by themselves. So what | Saw was real, | quess.
Though |'m not sure what | Sas.

\got acall real late from Ben Kirby. Said his jeep had just
up and Quit on him way out on Rural Route 7. He asked could
\come and give him a jump? So | went out and | Sound his car.
it looked like i+ had just flamed out on the highway. He hadn ‘+
crashed. it'd been running fine. \ tried +o turn it over and it
Started right up. So he started swearing up and down and
apologized for looking like a jackass. Said he'd pay for my
time and gas, and | said he was right about that. We turned
around and started going back. About ten miles back toward
toun, there was one of those big-ass Ford Excursions pulled
over on the shoulder. It'd passed us while we were checking out
Kirby's jeep. In Front of it was the Sherif£'s Blazer with the.
lights on. So | pull over, Figuring maybe Someone else broke
doun. Kirby Stopped, +00. He's a busybody like that. But
there wasn'+ angone in either car.

Then there was a bright light way off in the distance, and
about a second later +his really loud noise. But at the same time
theard the noise, | could hear a voice. \heard it perfect. tt said
Sonething rises or something. | looked at Kirby and asked what
he said. He had this weird look on his Face, but said he. didn + say
nothing. Then | got this real bad headache and | Swear \eould hear
someone talking off in the distance.

My tow truck wasn't built For of£ roading, So we got in
Ben's jeep and headed where we Saw the light. There was a Sire,
a big one. There was Someone running around it. Then we heard
gunshots. | got Ben's shotgun off the rack and started loading
4, though all he had was birdshot. We drove up just in time +o See

a


Deputy Miler on the ground with this huge thing on top of hit
Looked like a big dog or maybe a wolf.

There were other wolves around, and sone things that
looked like people, but just weren't. | don't know how +o
describe them. 4 was like +hey were. all Lighting, and right in
the middie of it all is Miller, some out of touners, and Ben and

\ quess the folks were from the Explorer. They were: all

d together, crying, but no one was paying any atten-
tion +o then.

Ben pulled up and | started shooting out the window,
but | think all | did was make the things, whatever they
were, mad. \had a bad feeling
that things weren + gonna
go well for us when the
things stopped Fighting
each other. That's
when my

head really started hurting,

like | was kicked by a mule. | told Ben

+o just get us the hell out of there, but

he wouldn + go. He yelled for those people to

get into the jeep. | was cussing at him. There was

three people running +o us, but only a black gil made i+.
The others got dragged down along the way, like the
things couldn't see them +ill then. The iy started
sereaming and wanted to go back for her friends. Ben
yelled at me to take the wheel and went out and got her
and pulled her kicking and Screaming inside. | stretched my
leg across from +he passenger seat and hit the gas while
they were barely in the back, and got us out of there. We
were all yelling
when we came up
to the road. Kirby
was Saying he'd saved
the girl's life, she's yelling that

she 'd abandoned her friend, and

me just saying shut up/

When they
did, we could hear houls

and getting closer. The

qitranto the Ford. Kirby

got back in the driver's

seat, and the two of them

were. gone. in opposite. directions
before | even got the tow truck
out of second. | was the only +hing on
the highway when three wolves hit
the road going Fast, and

\ve got claw marks

clean through the

wheel well and m

the bumper

+o show

for it.


1
The Sraric
ater
Uhad launch and looked over what | wrote. | Sound like a
fucking headease. But the marks are there. |'m almost
tempted to leave them there Soil know for sure, but they "ll
rust out after the first wash. | took some pictures instead
and started getting ready +o hammer out the worst of it. |
might need some. Bondo. Or replace the. whole panel
Wile | was working on the +ruck, | started +o get another
real kiler headache, like last night. Today though it got worse.
and worse. | was just going inside to get some ice. when | Saw
Ben's jeep rolling up the road. The last thing | wanted to do was
talk +o him. | still wasn Straight in my oun head about what
happened, and | knew listening +o hin jabber wouldn "+ do any good,
80 | went inside and pretended | didn '+ hear him knocking and
yelling Sor me. dackass. Besides, \'m still sore that he lef+ me.
there last night. Let him think the wolves got me..\"ll talk +o him
tomorrow, when | Know what 's going on.
Juwv i6
Notes, dn associate of Ms. Orummond named Paul
Feriecametothehaspitalthis morning. inquiringabout
her condition. | wish | could have reassured him,
but just before his arrival she becarne ex-
tremelyagitated —screaming,assumingthe
fetal position and beating her forehead with
her fists. Nurse Swit restrainecl her as she
began tohitherheadagainst the floor,and
was forced to aciminister a sedative. |
gave her a small dose initially, but it
seemed tohavelitteeffect.|hadtodouble
it before she relaxed — a remarkable
dose, givenherlawbodyweight.|'vehad
her removed to a padded cell, but Im
holding off on a straitjacket. ven in
our bref acquaintance, she strikes
me as a sensitive and intelligent
woman. Dressing her in the garb
of alunatic might lead her to fulfill
the expectation.
Mr.Ferriegavememyfirstde-
scription of the trauma that
provoked Ms. Orurmmanc''s ini-
tial breakdown. He was
apparently present at the
Party, and it was far more
than the "domestic distur-
bance" of which! was told.
Three people died and sev-
ral more were injured. The=
police have amanin custody
named Evan Jones.
Mr. Ferrie's story —
later confirmed by the pa-
pers — was that Jones had
beenhiredas awaiter. He ap-
Parently experienced a
sudden psychotic epi-
sode, took a knife and

CHAPTER


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

fatally assaulted one of the guests. a women named
Katrina Richards. In his frenzy, he also started a fire that
injured several people [perhaps that's the source of Ms.
Drummond's burns?) and killed two more before he was
apprehended.

Tuning

| set off from Hartford on autopilot, absolutely refusing
to allow myself to dwell on the events in the house, Once |
was on the freeway and able to drive without having to
concentrate on the other idiots on the road, | became aware
that a babble of voices was in the background of my mind —
a faint hissing, as if | had suddenly developed tinnitus. The
noise was aggravating, but not desperately so. | tried to focus
upon it, but had little luck in increasing my perception of
what was being said. Perhaps, if the voices were not all
pitched in the same register, with the same timbre... but
there is no point indulging in regrets. The pain had largely
subsided too, which was a relief. Every so often, both noise
and pain increased momentarily, but not enough to threaten
my safety on the road. This mostly occurred while I was in
sight of small towns, but it was not until some weeks later
that | made the connection.

It seems as if the presence of large numbers of people
aggravates the problem. It never subsides completely, but it
can fade into the background sometimes. The closer one
gets to a populated area, the worse both the pressure and
the noise become, as if steam builds up inside the head and
chest and vents through the ears. It would seem reasonable
to assume that the morass of humanity is as objectionable to
the Shining Ones as it is to me, which is why | have been
selected to help preserve the few deserving ones when the
last days come.

The problem takes on a special urgency in the pres-
ence of most other chosen and Dark Ones. It is my
understanding that very few other chosen are afflicted with
the problem, so it would seem as if the Shining Ones
themselves perceive the chosen as a two-tier solution to
the world's ills. This would imply that the great bulk form
an expendable strike force, as objectionable as the masses
and the Dark Ones, while the few who are afflicted or who
do not aggravate the problem — such as the sage, Fyodor
— are the intended elite, and will form the nucleus of the
Golden Time to come.

The subtle variations in the way that the problem
manifests would be quite fascinating, if it were not such an
unwelcome intrusion and did not strike me nearly witless
with its ferocity. There is always babble, and there is always
the crawling, lurching vertigo, but the two do not necessar-
ily always manifest at identical levels. Sometimes they
increase and decrease simultaneously, while on other
occasions they seem to operate almost independently.
Rarely, the muttering of the voices clears — or, rather,
separate voices with different qualities and mnemonic ties
come into close alignment — allowing for words to
become intelligible, although their pronouncements are
obscure at best. The Shining Ones seem to have an
oracular sense of obfuscation, and hardly ever deign to
speak plainly. Still, the ongoing quest to decipher their
pronouncements is an extremely exciting one.

Waers Tey Gos From

Jucy 16, Evenme

Ms. Drummond asked for me when she awoke. andi |
decided to interrupt my dinner to see her. She seemed to
have recovered fram the moming's episode. so we had an-
other interview.

AW. dre you feeling better, Pamela?

PD, They were here. Doctor.

AW. Who was here?

PD. The shadow man and the fire woman.

aW. are they here now?

PD. Not really. Not fully. There's... there's part of them in
me.Idon'tknow what they did but they putsomethinginme.
Imcrazy, arent |?

dW. Pamela. you remember what | said about the word
"crazy? Listen tome. Youre hallucinating. That's serious. But
youstillhave the facilities ta recognize yourhallucinations as
such, and that is a very good sign. a very promising sign. I'm
going to try some medication that! think will reduce ar elimi-
nate the hallucinations. But Pamela? | think these
hallucinations are happening fora reason,

PD. What do you mean?

aW. Consider someone with a weak heart. He's in
greater danger of a heart attack after running up a flight
of stairs, right? Similarly, chemical imbalances are often
triggered by traurna. In your case, the trauma was what
you saw at the party. We can use medicine to cope with
the chemical aspect. but until you understand and accept
what you saw and what happened, you won't be cured.
Does that make sense?

PD. I guess...

GW. This "shadow woman' and "flame man." then —
their recurrence means something. What can you tell me
about them?

PO, They want me todo something, Imnot sure exactly
what itis, but they have plans forme. Forall of us.

@W. Who do you mean when you say "us"?

PD. For people. For the world. Theyjre picking people... ta
help. The people they touched at the party, they were chasen.

€W. What would they have you do?

PD. That's what | don't understand. Ican't...| can't follow!
It's like they scream at me and! can't understand what they
want. It's too fast and tao loud.

dW. Caim down, Pamela.

PO, | tried to get back from the fight and see what was,
happening. to save Stacy, so they chase me. Paul was cho-
senbecausehewas mad. That blackman gotinthewayand
he was chosen. Stacy, too. but !don't Know why — because
she was bright? We were all shown what was there.

Notes. Very interesting that the shadow is now a
womanand the flameis aman .|'lhave to question Pamela
about her parents when!ve established a stronger trans-
ference. There's clearly some kind of emotional bond
between her and Paul as well — on his part. because he
came to visither,and onhers since he figures prominently
in her delusion.


@ police detective wanted to interview Pamela today
butIhad to turnhim down. Pamelais inna condition to talk to
the police at this stage. and an official inquiry could impede
her recovery significantly.

Journac, Day 2

Hammered the. dents out-of the bumperand patched the back
panel. + should do untill can Find another panel Somewhere.

Didn "+ sleep well last night. | keep thinking of all kinds of
Stupid shit. Like when you're a kid and you lie in bed thinking
about dying or tine and how big i+ Fs. About how Space just goes
on and on and on until you Scare. yourself or get all weird

don 4 understand i+. | should be thinking about wolves and
shit, buck instead I'm thinking about what makes the wortd work.

lremember Bev's fucked up sister trying +o explain that
black and white thing she had on her necklace. The bing bang or
something. Back then pretty much tuned her out, but last night
that thing, lke a 69. kept thinking about that. Like how totally
different things come together to make something, that push
and pull each other at the same time, So they never come
together but never get away either.

Why the Suck am | bothering with this crap? What's next,
I stant writing poems? But can't get it out of my head.

That symbol looks 80 simple, but i+ ge+s real complex when
you think about i+. 4's like Sikmg a car. Okay, a car is broke.
That's easy, But +o Fix it | have +o understand the problem.
Does i+ turn over or not? It's got +o be one way or the other.
Suppose it turns over but won + start. Okay. Now | know it's
not an electrical problem. | ve split the problem between what

it 18 and what i+ isn +. | keep dividing until Find the bad part.
Then | divide that part out, so things are pushing away From
tach other.

But then | put anew part in. Lattach it and connect it.
Even though there are a bunch of different pieces, they ‘re. all
part of the car. And the car is part of a bigger thing, like
trafic. Traffic is part of.. | don'+ know, business or
Something. But everything is itself and part of something else
all at the same. +ine..

That's the world right there. Politics? We divide mto
parties that come together to vote. Sex? We 're divided into
two sexes but we can Screw. WF we're goddamn lucky.)

\ don't know where the hell mu going with this. But
everything is caught between Separating - tearing down and
simplifying and understanding ~ and coming together:

don "+ know how! know +his or how | Siqured i+ out. This isn +
lke me, But | just know this has Something +o do with what | saw
the other night. The weird looking things were supposed +o be
divided, but they werent. They were there or alive when they
Shouldn'+ be. And the wolves were supposed to be unisied,
Supposed +o be bringing everything together, but they were
Falling apart and destroying. H's all out of whack.

Hl can see that things are. broke, maybe: \'m supposed to
$i them.

The Suiming Ones

Perhaps the most positive aspect of being chosen is the
sense that the mysteries of the cosmos are suddenly within
reach. | have always been interested in unraveling hidden
truths, and history used to be an extremely fertile ground for

such pursuits. Trying to solve an enigma is much like | imagine
hunting prey through a jungle to be. The difference is that
rather than stomping around a dark, mosquito-infested plague
hole in the middle of nowhere, one conducts the hunt in the
Pages of books and journals. Facts, like beasts, leave tracks
and spoors, hints of their presence ina time or place. Achance
mention here, a vague allusion there, a reference to a work
long lost but cited in other primary sources. The hunt can be
long and intense as one closes in on the quarry, running the
enigma to ground and finally pinning it out in the light of truth
to watch it yield to hard facts. One may journey through all
manner of places, perform close-quarters searches through
time rather than space, set mental snares for clues, and follow
trails of information or deduction to the bitter end, all
without leaving the comfortable isolation of a library.

| believe being chosen has opened up entire new
territories, nearly untouched, in which to hunt knowledge.
Within those territories, the things that matter most —
the truths on which the world itself is built — are known
to make their lairs and have their ranges. What scholar
could possibly resist such a challenge? Even if the world is
a black, maggot-ridden corpse in reality, and the relative
brightness of our society is the illusion — as | am coming
to believe — then thatis still valuable to know. Information
is its own end. It is never possible to have too much
knowledge, only to have too little.

The Shining Ones have seen fit to vouchsafe me a lot of
disparate pieces of information in the course of their thunder-
ing intrusions. | have committed every fragment of which |
have been aware to the care of my excellent memory, where
luseitto slowly build a map of the new vistas that have opened
before me. There is much to digest, and large quantities of it
remain disjunct, unexplained or contradictory, but | am
confident that in time a broad picture will come together. |am
a dedicated expert in these matters, and | have no doubt that
I will be able to fit the shards and scraps back together to yield
at least an outline of the key messages that they bear for us.
In the meantime, my researches across mythic and historic
plains have helped suggest certain answers or have opened
new avenues of research.

lam interested in determining how the Shining Ones get
their information. The level of detail in some of the messages
| have managed to pick out of the babble is quite extraordi-
nary. It could be that the Shining Ones are able to mingle
invisibly and imperceptibly with the world, and spend much of
their time observing everything that goes on. Then, provided
that they are able to intercommunicate freely and instanta-
neously to transfer information among themselves, they
might be able to synthesize the requisite understanding in
order to produce the knowledge that they demonstrate.
However, the sheer volume of data that they all have to
continually originate, transmit, receive, process and analyze
would call for a mental structure entirely different from
anything known on earth.

A more workable option would be if the Shining Ones
share a collective sentience, as bees and termites are ru-
mored to. If they possess a group pool of intelligence, then
each separate entity might be no more than the equivalent of
an eye or a mouth or a hand, reaching into the world like the


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

heads of a gigantic hydra. It might make even more sense if
individual Shining Ones are actually conduits, channeling
information up to yet higher powers, who are then able to
perceive raw information, analyze it and transmit deduction
and information back down the line, so to speak. There are
certain hints within the sound hear ofa higher authority, such
as anobility, a controller or complementary elemental forces.
This might provide some support for the idea of the Shining
Ones as agents for more remote beings, perhaps because the
greater forces are too vast or overwhelming for the human
mind to endure their contact.

However high the "chain of command" rises among the
Shining Ones, it doesn't change the fact that somewhere, the
forces that have selected us have access to all the information
buried within the world and its history, and not just the parts
that humanity itself knows. Some of the statements | under-
stand clearly regard the darkness and are drawn from it. One
such message | perceived recently was, "THE DIRECTOR
REACHES OUT TO BEND THE WORLD," which suggests
to me that one way or another, the Shining Ones have direct
access to information about the Dark Ones, as well as about
everything else. If that information could be passed on clearly,
we would be ina much stronger position to gain control of the
world. The gap between human and Shining One must be so
vast as to make clear dissemination of knowledge impossible,
so that our patrons are reduced to veiled hints and tangential
fragments. Perhaps it is their frustration at our inability to
withstand their communication that is behind the pain and the
seeming babble.

Hisrory

Journat, Dav 3

Drove into I Paso today +o qe+ greats and started +0
get a qoddann headache when) was a sew blocks away Srom the
supermarke+. | thought about swinging by ats to get a beer,
but | saw Ben's jeep there. dust the thought of seeing hin made
nushead hurt twice as bad. 84 the time | got to the store | Felt
like. | was dying, but | s+ill managed +o get Some. stuff. When | was
getting set to pay, things got really nuts.

First some. idiot dressed up Ike Big Chief Wampum with a
black porutail and Indian necklace Shoves in front of me inline and
gives me the hairy eyeball when | complain. fF I'd felt better |
might have asked him +o step outside, but | already Fett like I'd
gotten my head stomped, So | just let i+ qo. Then | See one of
the papers has this headline © WOLVES BLITZKRIEC SOUTHWEST"
and the picture on the cover is the same dickhead right in front
of me. Then when | lock again it's Something about Wolf Blitzer
Srom the news. But | take. another lock at chief Big Dick and all
of a sudden | can See there's Something wrong about hin. Like,
he's out of balance, lke everything a Saw a Sew nights ago.

So now |"n hone and trying to Figure i+ out. At least my
head feels better.

1 that quy Srom the store is connected to something
that can claw through a tow truck, what am | supposed to do
about it? These things have been around forever, | think |'
sure of it. There's legends of wolves going back for all time.
But you never hear about people suddenly getting sent to get
them under control. | suppose people who got picked to balance

+nings out might keep alow profile, So the wolves wouldn '+ know
who +0 look for, but if it's just at random, what's the chance
of doing anything?

1e got a feeling these kind of balancers are something
new. Maybe the world just wasn + screwed up enough to need us
before this. From what | see, i+ sure is now.

desus, this 15 just like last night, with all that crazy joining
and dividing crap. How is all this shit getting into my head?

Juv i7

Today was my first formal sessionwith Pamela, and|'m
Quardedly optimistic.

€W. Sood morning, Pamela. Did you sleep well?

PD. Okay, | guess. | didn't see them again, if that's
what you mean.

AW. I'm going to put you on Halal | think it has anexcel-
lent chance of reducing the frequency and intensity of your
hallucinations. | want to stress, however, that this is not a
"miracle cure." It's not a quick fix. You will not be free of these
delusions until you understand what's really causing them.
This will be worts. Oo you understand?

PO.lunderstand. Believe me.Doctor.|want togoback to
how | was. More than you can imagine.

AW. Sood. very good Is there anyhistoryof schizophre-
nia in your familly?

PD, Not that !m aware of.

QW. allright... let's begin. Tell me about yourself.

PO, Um... 1 don't suppose there's much to tell.| hada
good childhood. My parents are pretty welloff.! mean, they
fought some when | was young and they divorced when |
was eighteen — | kind of think they held it together for me
and my sister. Bllig is a year younger than me. She works in
New Zealand forashippingcompany. Ty father'sa banker.
Mum works in real estate. | went to Mew South Wales
Conservatorium fora music degree. graduated about three
years ago. | play in a small ensemble on weekends. the
Mishkin Quartet

aW. What co you play?

PD. Clarinet. We're a jazz band. tried to get David to hire
us for his party, actually.

dW. dre you seeing anyone?

PD.Notright now. Iwas living witha fellow named Patrick
fora while but it just kind of fellapart. Nothing really dramatic.


No shouting or throwing things. Im reallly a pretty narmal
person. Not the type to start seeing things.

AW. You'dneverhadanysortof...oddspelisbefore Mr.
Lavelle's party?

PD. You mean any hallucinations?

AW. Yes.

PD. No. Never.

€W, | see. Now... the flame and shaciow people and
the tumors you talked about... do they remind you of
anything? The selection'? The sickness'?

PD, Not really... mean. |remember some stories fram
when | was growing up. but nothing like this.

aW, What stories?

PD, Just, you know, vaque stuff. dborigine stories from
Primary school. That there is a second sort of dream world
Outside this one. Just as real, but invisible. Or stuff about
shamans whostand between this worldand the spirit word,
|guess. With spirit animals or quides or something. | quess
that does sound kind of like what | described, doesn't it?
Spirits that noone else can see, choosing people ta contact
between their world and ours.

Maybe it's been going on forever.

aW. Maybe what has?

PD, Sorry?

@W, What, exactly, has been going on forever?

PD, Uh... well, | suppose that all those old shamans
Could have been hallucinating. They were always starving
themselves and, | don't know, doing clrugs. right? How com-
Monis it to imagine that higher powers are talking to you?

€W, ds delusions go, quite common

PD, So maybe all through history, people have thought
they were getting a message fram the other sicle. What if
they were really just getting messages from inside?

Journac, Day 4

Igot wolves on the brain. t's like lean ‘tread onthe shitter
without Seeing an article on thers, or turn on the TV without one.
of those nature shows about them. My head's feeling a lot
better, but Ikeep feeling like there 's Something | ought +o be
doing. | keep thinking about that asshole in the store.

daten

lwent into town looking forthe indian wolf-quy From +he
Gfocery store. AS Soon aS | got into town my head Started
hurting again, though not So bad +his time. | was really looking,
but | didnt find him right away. wstead, | spotted another
unbalanced qui, arate around the same neighborhood. He
as sitting on a bench in Sront of a litte store church. was
Ie the letters on one of the signs jiggled around +o say
BLOOD HE SERVES instead of His Blood Saves. It was right by
Dan's Diner, So | got in a booth and pretended like | was doing
the crossword. | was wishing there was Some way | could get
closer to hint, when all of a Sudden \ was there on the bench next
Fohin/ Only not really there. | could kind of feel the bench, but
not like | was touching i+. More. like | was imagining what it would
feel like. Same with what | was seeing. | could See him really

CHAPTER i: ALONE IN THE CROWD

clear, up close, but it was like he couldn't see me. Also, 1
couldn + see myself. Like | was a ghost. | mean, | got right in
his Face, | could hear him breathing, but he had no idea | was
there. | even touched him. Only not really. | could fee! without
Feeling, like when | touched the bench. | could fee! that he had
a qun on under his jean jacket, but the cloth didn + move when
\ touched it. 1 was there, but | wasn "+.

J was shitting muyset.

Then he looked up real sudden and he was looking across the
street at Chie£ Dickhead. |could see myself through the window
of +he diner, too, which was fucking weird. When the wolf qui,
tured the corer, the wrong qua got up and Followed hin. |
stayed with him. Wrong qui Followed wolf guy +aree blocks to the
Aztec Motel and went in after him. | tried +o go with, but
suddenly | was back at Dan's.

What was really weird was when \ looked down and Saw that
I'd been writing on the newspaper the whole time. Or at least,
tnere was writing on the newspaper in my handuriting and | was.
holding the pen. But | Sure don "+ remember writing all this crap.
Juv il

AW. If youre correct, that your visions of these flame
and shadow people are meant to represent some inner
voice, what are they trying to tell you?

PDI got thesense that... don't know... that theywant
me to understand something, To look behind the obvious.
the false stuff. and get at some hidden truth.

AW. What hidden truth?

PD, That everything we look etis alice. We're supposed
to be doing more than we are. but we've gotten wrapped
up by... by something. I'm not sure what it is. | once heard
someone say, "Fire and water make good servants but
bad masters." | don't knaw where that's fram. | heard it
quoted on some american sitcom. But | think that's what
the shadow man was trying to show me. That we'd been
fooled or misled somehow.

AW. Misled fram what?

PO. | don't Know! What were really supposed to be do-
ing? The lives we lead... you know, with our nice cars and
Clothes and stereo equipment? | feel like it's a lie.

€W. Do you feel lise you don't deserve your affluence?

PO, It's not about deserving. It's more like we're fiddling
while Rome bums. dnd the fire wants us to ignore it

€W. Does this tie into the fiery person?

PD. No. she's... she's the one trying to wake Us Up.
Though she wasn't so involved with me... She wants to
start a new... a new... | dan't know. Dammit! It's like
trying ta remember something from when you're a kid.
something important but distant. | can feel the memory,
but | can't remember!

@W.What about this shadow person? What's his function?

PD. To correct and understand. To separate right
from wrong.

W. dnd the tumors? What are they?

PD. Theyre... wrong. The wondis sick and they thriveon
it. Theyrelike.... ike... |can feelthe answer, but! don't snow
howto putit! They relike bugs inagarden? Theyresupposed
to be there, to eat weal plants and get rid of rot. But

a ee


something's gone wrong and theyre out of control. killing
everything. If they aren't stopped. theyll eat it all

Toe Dark Ones

We have been chosen to help fight the darkness — our
perceptions, gifted to us by the Shining Ones, make that
perfectly clear beyond any doubt. But in all candor, | wonder
if humanity at large isn't itself completely responsible for
everything that it gets. It's not as if people need the encour-
agement of supernatural forces to indulge themselves in
spectacular evils. Dealers give lethally addictive drugs to
foolish children to get them hooked, so that they can be
dragged into a life of desperate prostitution. Scientists and
doctors with vested interests deliberately hide beneficial
advances and falsify evidence to please their company paymas-
ters. Greedy corporate shareholders drive profits ever higher,
ignoring quality and safety. Smug politicians mouth platitudes
while leaving the poor to die on street corners. And the rest
of the world turns a blind eye to it all, too selfish to risk the
potential inconvenience of getting involved. Everywhere you
look, thugs and petty criminals steal from each other and
everyone else. It's impossible to know who is the most guilty,
who is the most deserving of punishment. Only the very few
are worth saving.

There's so much wrong with the world that the only
answer now is to let the selfish, corrupt masses be swept
away by a tide of monstrous predators — except that even
they don't seem in any hurry to get the job done. Instead,
the monsters revel in the decay of the world, taking
positions of power and influence, feeding off the hopeless
and the homeless, enjoying the freedom of a lax system to
commit horrendous physical and mental abuses. It's their
idea of paradise, a lovely little holiday resort for the
monster-about-hell. Somewhere for the devils and de-
mons to get away from the stress and strain of inflicting
infernal torture. "Come to Earth! Get a hotdog! Sink a few
souls into despair! Come on in. The water's fine." When
they do arrive, they find the locals waiting with open arms
—and open souls — to be as accommodating as possible.
Why would they want to do anything to threaten the way
things are running?

Perhaps they, the darkness, are our designated purifi-
ers, a change from Noah's flood. | can't believe that the
powers of light view modern humanity any more favorably
than Jehovah saw the corrupt of Sodom and Gomorrah.
The forces of heaven have demonstrated a perfectly cheer-
ful willingness to condemn the world's sinners as
irredeemable. In terms of Christian theology, the compact
between God and man as mediated by the rainbow and
later by Christ could quite reasonably be assumed to have
been revoked in the face of extreme and grotesque provo-
cation. It would be a beautiful irony if our purpose as
chosen were not to act as saviors of the stinking masses,
but as a spur to goad the Dark Ones into action — an
escalation of hostilities, to tip the balance of the celestial
battle into another of its periodic all-out wars.

|, for one, would take greater comfort in the calling if! felt
that its final aim was to cleanse the world. It would also go
some way to explaining why so many of the chosen are such
idiots, interested only in leaping into any situation, regardless

of advance intelligence, reconnaissance, consequences or
even the possible chance of survival. A terrorist cause —
provoking war is always a terrorist act — requires plenty of
fanatics with no brains or sense of proportion. One could
almost feel sorry for the darkness, if it wasn't so totally
loathsome and abhorrent.

Sadly, | fear that most chosen are an inevitable conse-
quence of humanity's poverty of spirit, rather than a
master plan on the part of the Shining Ones. There are so
many utter fools in the world, and so few people of true
thought and self-awareness that our benefactors simply do
not have the requisite scope of choice to ensure that all —
or even many — of us are up to par. It is a pathetic level for
a species to sink to, when it cannot even muster up a small
group of superior representatives. It would be comforting
to believe that we were the proactive agents of reform, but
we might simply be the reactive antibodies of a diseased
system. At least | can draw strength from the knowledge
revealed by Fyodor that the world is set for change,
whether we like it or not. Still, humanity, festering in its
stinking rags, really does deserve a fairly high proportion of
the indignities that it has to face.

Fine, Ain ano Lighy

Notes, It's premature to make any jucigments, but fm
tempted to view the manand womanas mother and father
sumogates. If this tums out to be a fruitful line of thought. I'd
be very interested to know why the mother — usually a
comforting figure —is. if understand correctly. wreathed in
flames and blessing this Paul ‘because he was mad." The
shadow man seems tobe a contradiction as well. The figure
is dar, but he chooses Stacy "because she was bright"
Does thatmean intelligent. energetic? Ordid the patienthave
a hallucination of light?

Light typically stands for understanding. illumination or
holiness. Was her father a religious man. or particulary intel-
lectual? Flames canalsobeholy, but theyhavemoreprimitive
connotations. They warm but also consume. If the flare
women is a mother figure, this could be one source of con-
flict. If Pamela has repressed anger against her mather ar
this mother figure. seeing Katrina Richards murdered could
have resonated with her own repressed rage

It's togsaon to tell, suppose. | must guard against mak-
ing up My mind and leading the patient down the most
convenient line of theory.

Signs oF He Guosex

When | was first awakened into my destined role as
chosen, | became aware of a sudden wind that sprang up and
whipped around me, both physically and mentally. The
physical presence swiftly subsided, but the mental one has
endured the many months that have passed since. That same
wind still blows through the corners of my mind, and it
carries a thousand voices. It hasn't let up since the moment
it first started. It has howled constantly —and often painfully
—without pause. Although it might seem a distracting thing
to the unenlightened, the truth is exactly the opposite.
There is a quality to the wind that encourages reflection and
consideration. The half-heard whispers in the back of one's


mind spur thought and analysis, and can lead one down new
and unexpected paths of inquiry. When the Shining Ones
speak clearly — or at least as clearly as they ever do — and
the words reverberate through my entire body, it is the
wind that bears their messages.

Furthermore, the wind serves as the vessel by which
| can gain access to the capabilities granted me by the
Shining Ones. When | project my sight through my stone,
the wind carries my senses away from my body and into the
larger world. On the one occasion that | felt the need to
reach out to the mind of another chosen, it was the wind
that carried my words to him. It appears as if it is part of
the dance of life, a breath of soul that whistles through all
of nature, modulated and mediated by the beings that it
passes through, but always reshaped by the guiding intel-
ligences above. It is a manifestation of the will of the Shining
Ones, the medium by which their intelligence is mediated
here on Earth.

lam aware that some have reported a similar percep-
tion of the winds, and that there are those amongst the
wider strata of the chosen who, at the point of imbuing,
perceived themselves as being bathed in light or engulfed
in flames. It would make sense to suppose that the Shining
Ones deliver subtly different messages in the three differ-
ent manifestations, tailoring the scope of the change to the

CHAPTER i: ALONE INTHE CROWD

limitations of the newly chosen. For the coarsest and most
bestial, the Shining Ones reach out with fire, fanning the
flames of anger or passion or pain because there is nothing
else in the person to work with than a sullen sense of
resentment, disenfranchisement or rage, Next come those
with too much discernment to focus purely on anger.
Instead, they are imbued with gentler reflexes, but because
they still lack the true ability to intellectualize and plan,
they are prone to excessive sympathy for our foes. Finally,
the keenest minds are fully opened, given the tools with
which to analyze and strategize. These are the few that are
meant to stand above the rest.

Being aware of these manifestations of fire, light or air is
partly a function of having sufficient strength and enlighten-
ment to perceive the moment of one's imbuing, and partly a
function of strong animal instincts for the hidden. In some
chosen it is strictly one or the other, and in some it is a
ixture. It is unfortunate that some fools possess the inher-
ited senses to perceive the nimbus, because it muddies the
waters. Were it otherwise, it would be a fine way of picking
out the best from the different strata of chosen. As it is,
however, it is impossible to tell whether awareness of the
elements is a sign that a person is superior, or merely an
indication of ancestral cunning of the type that can be found
in any common mongrel.



perform it thyself alone
— Exodus 18:18

InmeDIAT Prioriviss

Journat, Day Five

Ben stopped by my house again. Jesus, | could do a job on
that jeep of his. The idle on i+ is So Serewy it gives me Shooting
pains in my Spine, just hearing it come, down the road. | went into
the cellar, but His time he went around the whole damn house,
hollering Sor me, asking if \'m all right. For a second | thought
he was going +o pry open a screen and look inside, but he
eventually took the hint.

He left me a check in my mail slot, what he owed me for
coming out +o jump his car. Or what he thought he owed me.
was about five dollars shy, but Serew it, it's worth Five bucks
4o be rid of him.

He put a litte symbol down in the comer, on +he comments
line, Mrkind of made me feel weird looking at it. What's really weird
iS that | know what i+ means, without knowing how | know. 4 means
something lke * justice * or * revenge."

(later

80 | couldn "+ stop thinking about that dann check and
Finally decided +0 go +o town and cash it, and that's when the
shit hit the San. | qot a headache again. Looking at the check,
it seemed like * Allied Bank of &| Paso" turned into © ALLY
PASSES." 1 don't know what that was supposed to mean.
Somehow in there | took a wrong ture and wound up in front of
the Aztec Motel. | knew without even looking that Ben was in
there with the wolf guy. | just knew because my head hurt So
bad. | parked in the lot and there was Ben's jeep with the
shotgun missing from the rack.

Thou wilt surely wear away, both thou, and this people that
is with thee: for this thing is too heavy for thee; thou art not able to

EPING YOUR DIST ANCE

Vhad no idea what +0 do. Vlooked around and Saw a newspaper box
on the comer and remenbered uhat happened at the diner. | took a
paper, ran back mto the truck and stared at the paper hard. Suddenly
Las outside. again. My body was sHil i the. truck, burt | was Here, jn
Front of the hotel. b+ sas Sucked up. | 'm amazed adn + pissed myselt
by the time | got back. | didn "+ know what +0 do, So | wet went inside.
\ don + nemeniber going through doors or anusthing, burt then | went
behmd the counter, where the Signature book was open. My eyes Seemed
almost dram rignt +o" donathan Bamoser," whoeverthat was, He was
on the second Hoor,

Then | was just up the stairs. Like that. That 's where \heard
the quashot. | didn + rum - | mean, | don "+ +hink | did - but | went
down tne hall fast and into a room, and there was Ben with
Samoset-orsomething. H was the indian quiz from the store, but
a8 \ got there. i+ was like he exploded, turing huge and hairy. His
head scraped +he ceiling and he was hunched over. This mountain
of fur and muscle. He jerked the shotqun out of Ben's hand and
Slapped him clean across the. room

Ben didn "+ qo down, not then, He yanked out a hunting knife.

(ust a8 the thing yanped over the bed and landed on hin. Ben put
the knife clean through the thing, and | could smell oumed hair. The
thing houled sohard all the windows and mirrors cracked. AFterthat,
it just kiled Ben. There.'s no other way +o say it.

it was quiet Sor a second, until doors started slamming
up and dou the hall. | quess Ben had kicked the door to this

roont in. was Suddenly Scared Someone might come. in and get
tom +o pieces too.

Then the thing did something | can + even 4ry to explain.
grabbed a suitcase, looked in the mirror and... i+ was Ke H+ got
sucked in and vanished. Gone. dust tke that.

a &


The room was a mess. There was blood all over the place,
smoke From the qun and blood from Ben. Poor bastard. He. hit i+
with both barrels. | didn + mention that. He shot it and i+ stil
stood up and killed him.

\ was back in the truck. 1 don + know why | noticed all of a
sudden, but muy headache was qone.

(aten

pst read over what | wrote and there.'s definitely Somerning
very weird with the headaches. \ never got headaches before, not
day aster day antfiow. Maujoe during the divorce, but a couple aspirin
and some Scotch tock care of them. Not these.

Growing up \had these allergies that would stut$ up muy nose
in the spring and \'d get sinus headaches. But these arent sinus
headaches. Ben made nus head hurt. Samoset made muy head hurt.
That quy on the bench by the church made mu head heat:

\'u starting to wonder just how goddann smart these
balancers are. |'m supposed +o take care of a problem and ever
time | get near it, mus head busts open? That's fucked up.

Maybe. they're trying to force me into it? No, that doesn +
make any sense. f that was the plan, they'd hurt me when Ir
not doing it instead of when | am.

Poor Ben. |can "+ believe how pissed of f1 was at him. is that
part of i+ +00? It's clear that |'m going to need some help f
I want +o get rid of Samoset. Anuthing that can take +0
barrels to the chest, get stabbed and still come back for more
isn + anything | want +o square oS$ against.

Jur ig

Notes. Qurdiscussion of Pamela's familywasiluminating.
though! have not yet uncovered the root cause of hersymp-
toms. She seems to be responding well to the Halcol, though
that's possibly premature. Her mother encouraged hermusi-
cally, that's clear. Despite her insistence that this
encouragement was positive, |wonderif perhaps hermather
didn't push her rather hard. Feelings of letting down one's
mother are very difficult to deal with. as we all Know,

She has asked tobe allowed out of herroom.andlhave
acquiesced on the condition that she be accompanied bya
Nurse at all times, Talking with her, seeing her so eminently
reasonable. it's hard ta remember she's the same woman!
Saw beating herself violently.

ds | was leaving the room, she asked if Paul Fernie hadi
come back. |saic he had not.and she said she ‘wasn't ready'
to see him. When asked what that meant. she said she was
afraid he'd remind her of the party and she wasn't ready to
face that yet. nodded and saicl | understood.

But do I? He's her co-worker, She said he's a friend.
though she stressed there was "nothing more." She said it
without prompting. Could it mean something? He's also a
survivor of the same ordeal. Why would she want to isolate
herself fromsomeonewhohad thesameexpenence.some-
one who might justify her behavior? Is it because she
suspects he might condemn her, instead?

Finsy Svers

My first concern, when | had recovered from my first
weeks of reactions to my change with the help of the sage, was
to attempt to verify some of the conclusions | had reached
based on my experiences and upon the hints that Fyodor had
shared with me. It took a period of some weeks to hit upon

appropriate mental bulwarks and physical remedies to cope
with the vertigo and the other cues from the Shining Ones, but
| did manage it. | didn't necessarily notice anything at the time,
but I had arrived at many of my conclusions as a direct result
of information that my subconscious mind had filtered from
the visual cascades and the roaring babble. That gave me a
significant head start on the bulk of the chosen, who seem to
lack the requisite powers of perception to hear the Shining
Ones at all.

My advantage allowed me to deduce a number of tests by
which | could verify certain presumptions | had about the
political structure of the world. | obtained a high-power pair
of binoculars, stationed myself in the middle of a local park in
the afternoon when it was fairly quiet, braced myself for the
onslaught and called to the Shining Ones. Once my percep-
tions were cleared, | made myself observe some of the large
companies and civic offices around the edge of the park. It
took a degree of willpower to force myself to stay there,
despite the extreme discomfort of the vertigo and the
howling voices. Over the course of a few days' efforts, | was
able to observe several people who clearly stood out as
wrong, "Renfields," as Fyodor would call them.

Once | was certain that the darkness did indeed form a
fully integrated part of modern life, my second concern was
to ensure my personal safety. | had no idea whether | was as
clearly identifiable to these new threats as they were to me,
so | wanted to be as sure as / could that my personal situation
was as safe as possible. Obvious mundane protections were
the easiest to organize. | obtained and fitted car security
alarms, grilles for all the windows of my home (which often
doubles as my office), dead-bolts and hinge locks for my front
and rear doors and sensor-activated security lights on all
approaches to my property. | also upgraded my home alarm
system by several steps. It cost me a lot of money but
delighted the security firms in the area that | spread the work
across. It also greatly reduced my insurance premiums, the
first truly positive effect to come out of the whole situation.

Slightly less obviously, | also altered my answering ma-
chine message to give no personal information, purchased a
telephone voice modulator, installed full 24-hour audiovisual
CCTV surveillance both inside and outside my home (includ-
ing a second, passcoded observer suite in the garage, so that
I could observe the house from outside it) and arranged a new
mailbox in a slightly more distant post office, to which | had
my old box redirected. Between them, this second round of
measures absorbed most of the remains of my savings.
However, their collective necessity should be obvious to all
but the most foolhardy.

Once | was satisfied that my personal privacy could be
reasonably guaranteed from casual invasion, it seemed only
prudent to acquaint myself of any Dark Ones operating in my
immediate area — from a suitable distance, of course. | knew
thata concerted operation of scrying the local region —I have
a stone that permits such things — would be immensely
uncomfortable, and would leave me almost unable to think
coherently. However, if an action is important enough that it
has to be done, then it has to be done, and there is nothing
more to say. | spent several hours over the course of three
days and nights examining the region, but my home is not part


of any actual village or town. At the end of the period, | felt
as comfortable as possible that | was free of local infestations.

My last task was to prepare myself for having to vacate
my premises ina hurry. | do not owna firearm —they are vile
tools that the stupid and cowardly use to take control of the
superior, and they should be outlawed. J also have no skill in
combat, so standing to fight would be stupid pride. | prepared
two identical packs, each containing $500 in cash, a quantity
of dried food and some water, medicines, a compact one-
person tent, thermal clothing, a stout knife and a flashlight. |
placed one of the packs by the kitchen door, and the other in
the trunk of my BMW, so that whether | had to flee on foot
or by car into the woods, | would at least have some
resources to aid in my survival. The packs only contain
modest food and water for one or two days, but | cannotcarry
more than that and still move faster than a slow trot. | may
stash larger quantities of food and water in a suitable place a
day's brisk walk from here, as an emergency reserve.

Jounnat, Day Six

The newspapers are going crazy. When Deputy Miller disap-
peared there was a Sront page notice. 4 was about what you'd
expect, an alert about a cop going missing on duty. Te next day
they went out with dogs, but I'm quessing thes didn + need then
if anyone had the. brains +o look & vultures. So they Found him,
the other quy uho was there @ quess his nare was Tony Burns.
Sounds Iie he was some hitch hiking bum) and danice Preastor. The
headline. was huge: Police Find 3 Bodies in Desert.

went +o the coffee place across the street from the
sheriff's office. (some Fancy-ass place. that doesn '+ know how
to make "a cup of coffee" burt can give you a lattay or a
cappochino or any other Sairy thing). | bought a paper and* took
anap.* Over at the station there. was another qui out of whack,
ahich | suspected because of my headache. t's like | 'm allergic
to these things.

This one.'s a cop. His name,'s Dean McNit+, and \'m pretty
sure \'d be in deep shit if \'d been watching hin m the Flesh,
instead of with my newspaper. One of them hiding in the cops
has +o be smart, | think.

The cops sitting around were all talking about what might
have happened. The last +hing the deputy called in, he was pulling
over to See why the Ford was stopped. He called in +he license
plate, so they 're locking for Flora Mak-Some+hing~ I"m quessing
that's the black git me and Ben Saved. Wish there. was Some. way
+o warn her. Too bad Sor her she took off so fast.

The Fake cop was pushing the idea that Samose+ was involved
Somehow. His theory iS that Samose+ and Burs were serial kMers
ako were going +o do the two qirts out in the desert when Miler
stumbled on them. They'd just killed the white gid, Miler kiled
Bums, Sanoset killed Miller and ran Sor i+. They ve. gor no tie in
for Ben yet - maybe a witness, maybe wrong place at the wrong
tine. Seems +o me that it wouldn + take much +o match up the
tiresof Ben's jeep tothe tracks we leF+ inthe desert that night.
The Sake cop, MeNi++, is pushing the killer theory pretty hard.
Maybe that's got the others thrown off all the evidence.

So the question is, what do | do about all this? They have
no idea | was out there, and | don "+ think there's any evidence
that | was. | sure wouldn. "+ mind having the cops after Samoset,
and get him out of ray hair. Would MeNit+ know more about how
to kill that thing, or would he be more trouble than good?

Uhat was Ben's connection to Samoses? Way was he up inthat
thing 'sroom with a goddamn shot quan and Stil couldn + kil the qu?

Maye | should qive into the headaches and 8¢¢. who of what
is Stomping around 61 Paso.

Maybe | need Some Silver bullets or Something.

Psycnotogicnt Goring

Juvy 20

Notes, dnother hysterical fit today, This time the patient
triedtosmashouther window. Itcameataparticulanyincon-
venient time, as well [if that doesn't sound too callous). |was
speaking about Ms.Orummondwitha Mrs. BleanorHughes
— another survivor/witness of the party episode.

Mrs. Hughes seemed extremely pleasant and helpful,
and Im apparently not the only one taken by her charm.
Initially | was rather surprised that Searge at the front desk
let her back to see me, Knowing haw busy! am. but once |
spoke with herit was easy to imagine her persuading him.

She had just begun offering to assist in any way she
could when Nurse Swit entered my office and told me that
Ms. Qrummond needed my help.

Whenl entered herroom, Ms. Orummand was atternpt-
iNg to get through the window and was screaming. When |
entered, she tumed, her eyes wide and she retreated into a
corer, curing into the fetal position. She also soiled herself

| then realized that Mrs. Hughes was right behind me
and | stemily ordered her to leave, Nurse Swit seemed ta be
ina daze until | told her — rather sharply — to escort Mrs.
Hughes away. She went. still protesting that she could help
Ms. Drummond

|went to sedate Ms. Drummond, but she had alreaciy
Passed out. When Nurse Swit returned. we cleaned her up
and put her to bed. This time we put the restraints on.
Apexpum

aftersheawoke. |hadaninterview with Ms. Drummond.
She seemed disoriented and strangely passive.

aW. Pamela. are you feeling better?

PO, Gne of them was here, Doctor. One of the tumors.

dW. What do you mean?

PO. | felt it coming. Like there was a bug trapped in my
head. The closer it got, the louder the buzzing got. It was,
standing right behind you. Couldn't you see it?

@W. | didn't see anything, Pamela.

PO, You did. You saw it but you dicin't Know what you
were seeing. Yousentit away, butit'llbeback IfitKknows!can
see it. itl come back for me. We took them by surprise the
first time, but now they Know.

€W.Whoknows? The tumors? Ordidyousee theshadaw
man again, or the fiery woman?

PD.Theshacowisinsideme.He'swithmebutnatwithme—
here. but distant. When they come close. he gets louder and
louder, but can't folow it. | can't tel what he's trying to tell me!

€W. Do you Know Bleanor Hughes?

PD. No.

aW. She was standing behind mein the doorway, Is she
one of the tumors?


v

fa

g
| Hl) ZB

PD, Yes. So you did see it?
aW. | saw an ordinary woman who was concerned

1 about you

PD. Youdidn't seeit.| thoughtit was going togetme. You
saved my life. It would have killed me.

aW. don't believe so.

PD, Maybe | could have escaped. dt the end there, |
managed to get out.| went out the window and was dawn
there by the shore. That was better.

‘W, What do you mean, you ‘got out'?

PD, | went outside, onto the grounds. | went by a foun-
tain. Then | remember being back here, with you standing
averme.Itwaslike my soulranandhid, dont thinkitwas the
right thing to do, but the noise was so bad.

€W, lagree that it's often better to confront and under-
standone's problems thantarun from them. but! mnotsure
Iknow what you mean by "noise."

PO, The noise inside. They cause it.

AW. They? The tumors?

PD.No. the tumors... theyjust turnup the volume. Them
and the other cursed ones like me.

@W. You feel that you're cursed?

PD. |have to be. | can see the tumors and you can't. It's
making me insane. Wouldn't you call that a curse?

@W. | think you've had the bad luck ta see and exper-
ence some traumatic things, but | don't think you're cursed.
d curse comes as a punishment, doesn't it? Oo you think
you've done something that deserves punishment?

a=

Ze

PO. Itried to makea difference. That's why!m cursed, The
Bible says. "Blessed are the poor in spint. blessed are you
when theyspit an you farme. blessedare those whasorrow,"
Being blessed and being cursed may just be the same thing.
Maybe all the naisein myheadis a blessing thatjust feels like
acurse. Maybe it's my reward for trying to co the right thing.

€W. So where did this noise come from? The shadow or
flame person?

PD, Yes! You mean you understand? What do you see?
| keep seeing a web. They've trapped me between all the
otherblessedand cursed people. Thereare things caughton
the web, too. Theyrenot peaple at all— tumors. Whenanyot
theothers mave, the strands tugat me. They pullandshake
me. The claser they get. the more | can feelit. It's like every
strand is hung with bells, and the slightest touch, the slight-
est breeze, makes them ring, and it Keeps getting louder.

But maybe if! can get a feel for how the strands mave.
how the bells ring. ... Have you ever been ina concert hall?

aW. Yes, Ive been to a number of concerts.

PD. There are dead spots in badly designed theatres.
Places where the sound doesn't reach. Where the sound
waves clash and cancel. That's what |need to find. Ineed ta
find the dead places where the webs don't shake and the
sounds won'tdeafenme. |know theyre there. iflcanjusttind
them. | Know it. can feel it

Notes. Mrs. Hughes. a lovely and concemed waman, is
Perceived as a monstrous "tumor." Her mene presence acti-
vates @ "web," entangling Ms. Drummond in its strancis. She's
searching fora "quiet place' within the web by altering the rela-


tionships between the people who are lise her [the "blessecl/
cursed Jand the people who arenot (the tumors). Thewebwas
established bya "shadow man' and "flame woman."

She's constructed quite a complicated mythalagy.

Ifthe shadow manisher father and the flame womanis
her mother, what does it mean that he is with her but far
away? This seems like a fairly commoan longing fora distant
but benevolent patriarch. The "tumor" was the wife of an
upper-class businessman —like Mrs. Richards, whosemur-
der prompted the patient's breakdown?

Perhaps the web stands for a social construct — a net-
work of obligations and social mones that she feels confineher.
She seeks a silent place — somewhere without her music?
Without the music her mother pushed her to stucly? Same-
Where she can be free of the expectations of the "tumors"?

Pensmecy ite
While | will readily admit that | find the Dark Ones
loathsome beyond the unpleasantness of humanity at large, |
cannot say that | am particularly shocked by their existence.
Frankly, it rather makes sense. We know the world is sick,
peopled with vacuous idiots, greed-blinded fools, murderous
thugs and shallow poseurs. Why on Earth should we suppose
for a second that it is not also populated with monsters that
stalk the night? The fact that the most cancerous evils are
spread throughout government, law enforcement, religious
orders, finance and the media—an obvious deduction, verified
by Fyodor — should shock no one. We all accept that these
institutions are rife with corruption, organized crime, immoral-
ity, perversion, alcoholism and all the other dregs of our
psyche. Why should it seem odd that they are also shot through
with genuine evil? Frankly, it would be shocking if they were not.
However, | would not want any reader, even a theoreti-
cally nonexistent one, to think fora moment that | countenance
the presence of the darkness within our institutions. Normal
people are stupid and corrupt, yes, butit is a matter of scale and
perspective. The Dark Ones are considerably more abhorrent
than even the most brutish idiot, even when their intentions are
the same. There can be no doubt about the way the Shining
Ones feel about them, nor about their instructions to us
regarding them. | picture it as a scale, with the superior few at
‘one endand the darkestevils at the other. The bulk of humanity
occupies the middle ground, and the bulk of the Dark Ones
‘occupy the bottom end. | dare say that there might be Dark
Ones who rank more highly than some humans, maybe even a
very few who rank more highly than most humans, but in the
great majority of comparisons, this is not the case. | particularly
resentthe influence that the darkness has in our institutions, for
the government affects me directly, but then | also resent the
influence that the all-too-human idiots have as well.
Itisimportantto try to find a way to focus on higher things.
While the world still turns, daily life will continue to roll on in
its usual, unstoppable, implacable fashion. Thereis little that can
be done to change that, whether the senate runs for the benefit
ofvampires or of Mafia dons. | have always madea habit of trying
tolook beyond the daily world to find perspective and meaning,
and history has been a fertile ground for that. The great
advantage of working in the past rather than in the present is
that the people one encounters are all restfully dead, their
deeds and thoughts transmitted solely through words and

CHAPTER 2: KEEPING YOUR DIST ANCE

objects, and therefore unable to cause much aggravation. It is
far easier to live with a fool who is long-since dust than with a
fool who is hammering on your front door.

{n practical terms, this means that although | now find it
painful and mind numbing to be near large numbers of people,
and excruciating to be near Dark Ones, | have never really had
any interest in mingling with the masses, anyway. | do not find
myself socially or psychologically hampered by the problem. |
have never had time for the fools that surround me, and that
has not changed. Although the pain and confusion attendant
upon the problem causes me some debility when it is aggra-
vated, it is relatively controllable most of the time. It has always
been necessary to stand back and away from the world at large
to be able to perceive it and study it effectively. You cannot
really look at something properly from the inside. While | dare
say some chosen would rather not see the whole truth, | have
found that it merely reinforces my natural inclinations to step
away from the world in order to gain better understanding.

As for the final destiny of humanity, | remain a sanguine
observer. The world is very deeply flawed, and the people
within it are, for the most part, not salvageable. Perhaps they
were not always so — perhaps — but the cruel tides running
within society ensure that any remaining shards of latent
decency are swiftly removed. If the only way to improve
matters is for the powers that be to indulge in another
cleansing operation and consign the masses to oblivion, so be
it. Who am I to disagree with the mandates of heaven?

Journat, Day Six, Pace 2

Went doun +o Cats tonight for a beer. | didn + really See!
like Ht, but | got to keep my Face out there So people come +o
me when their cars break down. Word of mouth and an ad in he
phone. book is about alll can afford, plus a bottle of Jack to the
State Troopers +o call me for accidents every now and then.
Besides, | don't want to make people suspicious.

Of course, all everyone. is talking about is Ben. What they Ve.
heard is that some indian quis killed hin in a hotel room and left
oun. No one was Saying ansthing, but the one indian qu in tire
bar was getting more than one took. Poor qu. To help Wim out, {
saidhow\'dheard that the qui Srom the hotel wasn "+ areal indian
at all, just some fake, wannabe. with a ponytail and a black hat.

The Question | was asking ~ like everyone - was what Ben was
doing there..| didn 4 know how he. wound up there, bet | knew abrat
he was doing there, and | sure as hell couldn + tell no one. + was
weird. \ wanted +o tell then. + was almost like | could feel the
pressure behind my mouth, like when you 're. a kid and you hold your
breath until your cheeks pulf out. | was worried that I'd open mus
mouth and +he. whole. stupid +hing would come right out. lihat good
would Hat do? \'d get locked up. Or they'd believe me and when
Samoset showed up they 'd all get murdered trying to kill him with
+heir good siverware. Nak, \'d get sent +o the nuthatch.

So every time | Set Ike opening my mouth, | stuck a beer in
it, Now, | did ask Helen if she thought maybe this Samose+ quis had
something +o do with Ben stepping out on Wis wife. (Everyone
suspected, Since Ben's wife was always calling Bats when he
wasn + there.) She thought that was bullshit, but now +he idea's
out there and ifm lucky no one will remember it was me who asked.

Coming +0 toum, | could Feel the headache, Feel it getting
stronger. 4 was real strong by the bus station, but | couldn +
bring myself +o go there. What could | do? if +s more balancers,

a es,

HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

what good ant| going tobe to them? If it's the wrong ones, what
can | do to them?

The important +hing is tokeep in +he daily grind. verigthing's
gone crazk or it always was crazy, but that don "+ mean | have
to go crazy with it.\ got along fine for twenty years Sixing cars
uhen there were critters and other weird shit out there, and |
expect | can keep doing it. Telling Someone would sure feel good
Sor now, but so does banging a hooker and look what that gets
You - VO and a trip +o the county lockup. Telling a friend would

just get me a bad reputation and a trip to the bughouse.

So instead, | pulled off by that Stop‘ x' Goon the otherside
of Bats. There's a phone in the back that Ben aluays used +o call
Wis qirtfriend. No one. can see it from the road or-the store. \called
that Fake cop MeNit+ and asked if he had Some silver bullets for
Samose+. He asked who | was and | asked what he was. He Said we
Should meet and | Said no way im hell. Then | hung up.

For some reason, | felt a lot better.

Pracricat Goring

Juv 2i

W. Sood manning, Pamela. How are you today?

PD, Horrible. What happened last night?

€W. What do you mean. what happened?

PD, |remember... bits and pieces. | think | had another
hallucination, didn't?

@W. You don't recall?

PO, Please, don't play games with me! What | remember
doesn't make sense. | remember seeing one of those things.
dndthenlhadan...\quess you'd callitahaliucination.limagned
Iwas outside in the courtyard, down by the shore.

@W, Have you ever had that feeling before? The sensation
that youVveleft your body and are watching it as an observer?

PO, Uh, no.

AW. | assure you, I'm not ‘playing games. It's a some-
what common reaction to extreme trauma. Many incest
survivors report that sort of detachment.

PO, was never... nothing ike that ever happened to me.

aW, Okay,

PO, Really! My father would never do anything like that.
No one in my family would,

€W, | believe you.

PD, The clasest thing to... that... happened when |was a
gin. mean.nothingreallyhappened.My frendand|were taking
a bike ride along one of the traiis in Roseville. That's where we
lived at the time. We stopped where the trail crossed a little
stream. by this little bridge. We were sitting and talking — being
little gits — when suddenly we smelied something awful We
looked up. end there was this man there, this smeliyold tramp.
Hemuttered something at us —|dan't knew whatitwas.dnd
then he took his trousers dawn. He wasn't very far away —
maybe fouror five feet. [screamed and grabbed my fnendand
pulled heraway ashe started coming towardus.|thinkhewes
drunk, The first time | got sick from cinnking at college. that was
whatit smelled like. He grabbed my shoulder and |iknocked his
hand off as hard as | could. We ran.up from the stream. gat on
‘our bikes and went back to my house as fast as we could.

That was all of it.

a ~

AW. How did your parents react?

PO. |... uh, well, Idicin't tell them.

aW. Really?

PO. | was awfully young. | didn't understand what hap-
pened. or what had almost happened. | thought maybe it
was our fauit.| guess | didn't want them to worry. Maybe |
thought that talking about it would make it... | don't know,
more real somehow.

@W. Did your parents discipline you often?

PO. What do you mean?

W. You said you thought they might thinks it was your
fault. Were your parents strict?

PO.Iguessso. Theydicn't putup with muchsiliness, But
| really just wanted to make it not have happened, if that
makes sense. | wanted it to stop being real. | quess if | pre-
tended it didn't happen... well, no. | didn't really pretend. If |
didn't let myself think about it, like it never happened, then
maybe everything would go back to normal.

€W. Did that work?

PD, Suess not. |f|'m still talking about it years later,
in an asylum.

dW. Oo you think what happened to you there had
some connection to what happened to you at the party?

PO, Youre the bloody expert. why don't you tell me?

dW, No one's as much of an expert on Pamela
Drummond as you are.

[Silence]

PD, dll right. | was stupid. Is that what you want to hear?
Iwas a stupid, foolish girl who neany got raped by a tramp.
and then denied it lise an ostrich with her head in the sand. |
probably put it all down in my subconscious where it could
fester.andwhen threw upincollege|hada hysterical fit that
scared my roommate so much she moved out. dnd then
something else happened to me at this party. something |
can'tremember and this thinghas been growingin my brain
for years and now it's completely mad! Is that it? Is that
what's happening?

@W. Do you think that's what happening?

PO, Sod! don't Know. The party... it was different some-
how. dnd | didn't get raped by that tramp. | got away. mean. |
was really pretty smart and resourceful, fora little girl.

GW. You were very brave.

PD, | was brave at the party, too. | tried to save Stacy. |
just didn't

(Sience]

PD. |was dumb to try to deny what! saw. | was dumb to
hide from the truth and think | could undo it. I'm doing the
same thing now. aren't |?

Journat, Day Seven

Today was almost normal. H's been a week Since the highway,
though sometines it Feels like it just happened. No headaches all
day, dust the normal stuS~- people bringing in Hhroum belts and light
bodwwork. A dais tke and other day. Too weeks ago | wouldn + have.
Hhougit anisthing about i+, but today it $e good.

So, feeling good like that, | decided +0 use it. | went into toum
and Solowed the headache +0 an apartment building by the Wer. | got
newspaper and had a seat ona vench. | had time to see the sports


section headine, Something about the Stars winning 3-2, and it
suisted +o something about 23¢, and then | was out oF me.

Vooke like. a dead man. \ could See ne. breathing, but not like
ina mirror. New | know what | look le asleep. H's not pretty.

thad an idea where | was supposed +o qo. In room 23C | Saw
Samoset sitting at a kitchen table cleaning his nails with a
gigantic. knife while some slick type quis with wireless lasses and
a ponuttall talked at hin about" consolidating their gains. * The
+wo of them had words while | was locking through the rest of the
apartment. Samoset wanted +o go on Some Sort of rampage. The
other quy wanted +o take things slow. About what, don + know.

{was looking For mait. Looks tke the apartment is rented to
someone named Quinn Weathers. Probably the glasses quy.
Someone was taking a shower, So \ went and looked. Don 4 know
her name, but haven + seen anathing that nice Since muy last
drip to the titty bar. + was weird. Her not knowing | was
watching. Then it got scart, cause She Suddenly got tense, Spun
around, not looking at me, but sui Fing +he air almost. She
jumped out of the shower, still wet, but+-ass naked and ran out
to the others saying * We re being watched?"

That was enough Sor me. was back on the bench and on my
way to the truck pronto.

Three wolves chased me that night a week ago. Three of
them. Doesn't take a genius +o do the math

Quinn Weathers

1420 Sarasota Avenue, Apartment 23¢

555-7802
Posirion

As | intimated earlier, scholarly work is an inherently
solitary practice. There is no room in the serious researcher's

CHAPTER 2: KEEPING YOUR DISTANCE

life for cramped, sweaty offices filled with chattering morons,
ever-ringing telephones or long, tedious lunches with self-
important windbags. There are no endless committees or
status meetings. All one really needs is a first-class library of
reference material, passes to certain academic libraries and
museums and, nowadays, a connection to the Internet. On the
occasions that | trade in valuable rarities and curios, it is
normally through che classified columns of certain specialist
publications. All things taken as equal, being chosen has had
little affect on the way that | conduct business. After all, lam well
used — and well suited — to keeping my own company.

When | am engaged in primary research — to uncover
information to put into articles for journals or magazines, for
example —I tend to cocoon myself cheerfully into my home. My
booksand other reference materials are old friends, trustworthy
and reliable in a way that no person has ever been. They are also
excellent company, full of fascinating information and amusing
discourse, which again no person can match. | have no need to
mingle with people | despise, pretending to have things in
common with them simply to obtain some sort of feebly
conceived psychological gratification. On those few occasions
when | need to meet with a colleague, contact or dealer, | have
always forced myself to tolerate their presence politely as a
necessary step toward obtaining the required information or
resources. Although such interludes can be interesting at times,
| have hardly considered them a pleasure at any point.

{ find it far easier to work when | know that !am not going
to be disturbed. Proper research and evaluation requires a
degree of immersion and concentration that is impossible to
obtain if one is on edge, forever waiting on the next interrup-


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

tion. It is vitally important to be able to sink into a topic in the
secure knowledge that no one will get in the way of what you
are trying to do, or will stick their nose in during the middle
ofa problem. That way, the entire mind can be focused on the
important business of keeping track without having to make
contingencies for a disturbance.

That means | have had little problem reconciling my
elevation to chosen with my ongoing business interests. | am
aware that many of the imbued run around like headless
chickens at all hours of the day and night, trying to fight this
creature or convert that, and let their personal situations slide
merrily to hell. It isn't until they find themselves out on the
street with no resources, no roof and no food that they
understand exactly how stupid they've been. My calling draws
me to retreat from the world in preparation for the final
elevation, which is undoubtedly why | was selected for this
role. To sacrifice the things that enable me to continue my
research would be the greatest folly of all.

If you neglect your financial situation, you cut your own
throat. It is regrettable, but money is the lifeblood of the
world. | doubt that it will ever again lose that status, short of
the end. It is a critical resource, and without it one is unable
to hold body and soul together. If one fails to keep oneself as
an effective actor in the world, everything else starts to
weaken, It is no good declaring boldly that one is a "Warrior
of God" or whatever, if one is unable to purchase shoes to
walkin. A little forethought should make it perfectly plain that
the world is going to keep playing by its own rules no matter
how virtuous one feels — but then again, a little forethought
is exactly what the great majority of chosen lack.

Similarly, it would be impossibly foolish of me to neglect my
own sanity. My seeming proximity to the Shining Ones assaults
my mind and senses. It would be merely denial to say otherwise.
If were to court it recklessly by mingling with foolish chosen or
by stalking Dark Ones, | would squander my resources as
unforgivablyas the barefoot warrior. The only option open tome
is to withdraw as much as possible. | have important duties to
perform, information to pass on to the deserving few, and if] am
to do that, | must keep myself as hale and hearty as possible.

Anchorite Press has taken a surprising amount of time
and personal inconvenience to establish. Working on Fyodor's
manuscripts and notes is always a pleasure — his revelations
are as evocative as they are astounding — but making them
available to the superior few who need to hear his words is
avery stern duty. \t far outweighs the sort of fooling around
with local predators that the disposable bulk of the chosen are
prone to do. My calling is to be the distributive source of the
most critical information that the imbued will ever know, and
that is a great privilege. Next to that, everything else pales.

Juty 22

Notes. There was some unpleasantness today. anc |
hope verymuch thatitwillnotset Pamela's therapy back. She
had been resting in the lounge. watching television when she
calmly summoned Nurse Neramore and said she thought
someone was lunging around the grounds. Naramare was
initially inclined to dismiss it as an irrational fantasy, but to
humor the patient she sent Searge out to look around Imag-
ine our surprise when someone bolted from the bushes!
Seorge chased after whomever it was, but it was fruitless.

Todays issue of the Explorer had the headline "jones
Witness Driven Mad by Butchery! It had Pamela's college
yearbook photo, stock pictures of our building and a grainy
photo of someone standing by a window. | called detective
Slencoe and told him that if he wants Pamela to be stable
enough to give meaningful testimony, it would behoove the
Police to Keep the muckrakers from frightening her,

Impleased with how Pamela handled it. but worry that
beinggenuinely spied upon might not playintaherdelusions
of being watched by unseen beings.

Journat, Dav Eicur

McNit+ called me today. Said he 's doing a routine interview
of Ben's buddies, and when would be a good time Sor me to give
a statement. hemmed and hawed and probably sounded like an
idiot. desus. Does he knowl called him? He can "+. fhe knew, he'd
do something. Maybe he only suspects. Or maybe he's telling the
truth. But iF | see, him, lknow that brainkill feeling will start and
\don + See! +00 good about talking +o him anyhow. What +he hell
am | Supposed +o do?

Mater

Work was light and | took another headache cruise. | stayed
andar Srom the apartments by the river. This time.| found a bunch
of wrongers at the bus station. Perfect place +o fall asieeo with
@ paper and get a closer look. There were a couple, and the
headline Mastery Deaths changed into DEAD MYSTERIES while |
was looking at them. | stepped out to spy on the wrongers. THis
Fine \ did it From mug truck. they can pick up on me watching
then like that naked chick did,| want +o be able to beat it Last.

One, qu, was real slick in his leather pants, keeping an exe
out For anyone getting off a bus who looked lost or young or
poor. | saw him work his moves a couple times - acting Ike. a ping,
telling these dumb young cunts that he knew +his * real cool
party * where +hey could hang out later that night. One didn +
fall Sor it, but the other one. looked kind of convinced,

The other was awoman, some Sat old Mexican bitch locking Sor
other Mexicans, rat+Hing at them in Spanish about a mile a minute.
All| could catch was Something about papers. She. probably had
three on the hook. The folks who talked to her looked Ie they were
expecting her. Oh, and she had tuo quns, one. in her purse. and one.
in an ankle holster. The pine had Something in his pocket, maybe
a switchblade. | wasn '+ going to feel any closer to Sind out.

The whole thing had a sick, arr Teal 4o it. Then the
poster behind Leatherpants changed fron advertising a Den-
ver Getaway" +o DEATH ESCAPES. Yeah, | get it, but what am
\ supposed +0 do? Co up against aknife and two guns with magical
headache powers?

So what | did was hop on the Freeway, go down a couple exits
and find a pay phone at a McDonald's. The first call was to
MeNitt, tating hin Samoset was going to be at the bus Station
in an hour, and that he'd better be ready. He asked who | was
again. \ told him a Sriend of Tony Burns.

Then | got back in the truck, drove around some. more for
mauve Sorty minutes and called Quinn Weathers. He was just as
suspicious as MeNi++ when | told him that there was some shit
at the bus station that would interest him. He told me | had the
wrong nuniber ard was acting ignorant untill Said H+ was a® hairy"
problem. He asked who | was, too. | Said my daughter had been
hauled off from the bus station and never heard from again. Then
hang up, came home and Started drinking.


2,
&
(ta |

QRDINARY PeoPLe

Journat, Day Hine
Samoset's dead, MeNitt's dead and arealcop is nthe hospital.
The story is that the cops caught Samoses trying to get on a bus,
he resisted arrest and was quined down outside the, buss Station
Good. That fell out pretty much the way | was hoping. Pity
about that other cop, but if he. only knew. Or maybe. he. did know,
inuhich case, not so much of a pity. Maybe. | don + have +o worry
about MeNit+ anymore. But there's stil-the pimp and the Mexican
bitch and Quinn Weathers and that babe from the shower.
Maybe more. important, there's still that dumo teenager
and those three wetbacks. | got no idea what happened +o them,
no idea where they were. taken or what was done +o them. Maybe
Quinn and his qiinee are on it, but | probably can "+ rely on
that. \ mean, Sor all | know the wolves want +o eat them too.
Stil, the basic plan" le+'s you and him Sight *- worked just
right. Could i+ work on a bigger scale? Lead both sides into Some
kind of trap? Neither one seems to know |'m working both sides
against the other. On the other hand, why Six something that
isn "+ broke? | mean, | Suppose | could have Set the bus station
on Fire with them all inside - them and a couple dozen other bus
drivers and passengers and other folks. But that seems like a
high price +o pay for a couple things. Doesnt seen balanced.
But where does that kind of math Stop? Sure, kiting adozen SokS
ould be. wrong. Burk what if H+ was ust one? Like that inysred cop. «
he'snota 1 well, he came out okay. Being & cop 1S a msky job.

Bien ihe "d been kiled getting rid of two urongers. That would be Sad,
sure, burt tuo Sor one? There's got +o be alot more ordinary Foks Han

CHAPTER 2:KE;

monsters, An anuy that does tuo casualties Sor one. is probably going
town. the waibers ane anywhere near close, aujrow. | don + know.

What if + hadn + been a cop? lihat if it had been a little
kid, and he got killed? Would it stil be worth it +o get rid of
MeNit+ and Samoset? But how many people have the two of them
killed or hurt? Probably a lot. The pimp and the Mexican woman
made Sour people disappear in one night. That's more than just
one injured cop. That's got to count For something,

Fuck it,
Jury 23

PD. Hello, Doctor. Can you tell me something? Dic that
man from the newspapers print anything about me?

dW. Imsorry?

PD. Theman|sawin the bushes. He was from thenews-
papers. wasn't he? What dic he say?

@W. You really shouldn't concern yourself with the tripe
that passes for journalism these daus.

PO. If youcion't tell me what it said, Il probably just imag-
ine something worse.

aW. Very well.|'m afraid it's rather bad. Illget youacopy.
ifyouwant. It's inmy files in thenextraom. [Here we paused
while | got her the clipping. She remained very composed
while reading it]

PO, This isn't very flattering. is it?

€W. Noris it accurate. | Strongly encourage you to give
thismeaninglessblathernomoreattentionthanitdeserves,

PD. What's inaccurate about it? !m mad. aren't? Isn't
this a madhouse?

NG YOUR DISTANCE

TER BOOK : HERMIT

aW, You don't sound insane to me. You sound very
reasonable. You're certainly handling this welll

PO, Imabit surprised about that. too. Maybeithasn'tsunk
in. Maybelm stil in denial Wouldn't that bein character?

W. What do you think is going ta happen?

PO, Well. for a start. all my friends and colleaques will
probably see this at the market. Some will believe it. some
won't, or say they don't, or think they don't but secretly
wonder. It change things when|!m out of here. They|inever
see me the same way again.

@W. Do you thinks they'll mistreat you?

PO. Not... mistreat. But mistrust. perhaps. Watch what
theysay around me. because theylworry that! can't takeit.
Would you tell your secrets to a crazy person?

aW. Oo you really think your friends' attitudes will
change that much?

PD. Why not? Before this. | could have gotten out. gane
quietlyback taworsmaybe. couldhave. ..Icon'tknow.notsaid
anythingabautit, beenvaque. Or toid theminmyownwaywhat
happened. Not like this. Maybe should sue the paper.

AW. Do you really think that would help?

PO, It might make me feel better.

‘W. Do you think it would? d lengthy trial against a news
organization withdeeppocketsandunscrupuiouslawyers? das
your doctor, | advise you against such a strenuous lawsuit, at
least at this time. | think it might interrupt your therapy.

PO. Really?

€W. We've established, | think, a tendency toward de-
nial, Wouldn't a big legal crusade provide @ huge distraction
from your real wor — the work of getting well?

PO Butwhattheycic wes wrong Theyshoud have topay forit

@W.| con't argue that. but the pice of pursuingjustice might
be toa high for you right now. Don't let them interfere with your
Progress. Theyrenotworthyourattentionrightnaw.Youneed to
concentrate on yourself before youaccompish anything ese.

PD. Maybe youre right. But still...

dW. Yes?

PD. Idon't Know. Ijust...lfeelweak. Maybe theyreright
about me. That | crumpled because I'm selfish and weak
and |can'tdoanything foranyone else becauselcan'teven
help muselt.

QW. What do you think you should be doing?

PD, Im not sure. But | have this nagging feeling that
something terrible is coming. and!m supposed to dosome-
thing aboutit. Stopit, orat least slaowit down. lm supposed to
be helping others. Im not supposed to be wrapped up in
myself. But maybe | just say that because | want others to
help me. Because! want them to ignore the newspaper and
say, ‘Pam's still our friend and we should feel sorry for her"
Because! want them to think I'm noble and strong and gen-
enous, instead of weak and crazy.

LIMITATIONS

ConrRieurion From AFAR

Fondly as lanticipate the new world to come, itis important
to bear in mind at all times that it is not a foregone conclusion.
We have to put our faith in the Shining Ones and fulfil their wishes

for us in order to havea chance of proving victorious. Those few
of us who fulfill unique and critical functions have to be protected
as much as possible, as any vital resource does. For the rest,
sometimes it will be necessary to put health and even life on the
line —a key sacrifice of the few to give the many a chance. People
who have not been selected by the Shining Onesare, for the most
part, even more disposable than front-line chosen. In times of
war, distasteful decisions have to be made from time to time.

One of the hardest things for me to come to terms with
— both in the world at large and in regard to the chosen —
has been the difficulty of knowing where superior people are
to be found. One instinctively feels that a person of quality
should shine out clearly from the crowd. | strongly believe
that if we did shine forth, the world would bea far better place
for the whole species. Still, it is not the case, and this means
that one has to make allowances for the masses in order to
ensure that duty to the worthy is discharged, and acceptable
losses have to be kept to an absolute minimum.

As chosen, we all have our assigned positions within the
framework laid down by the Shining Ones. If we are to have any
chance of saving the seed of the new world, we all have to do
what we're supposed to. Those of us that have the wit to see
the larger world are obliged to find ways to pass that informa-
tion on. It is ironic that the howling babble that gives me the
hints and fragments to find enlightenment (and the sickening
vertigo that goes with it) also makes it so hard to be in direct
contact with the imbued. However, the risks of not sharing the
material passed to me — by both the Shining Ones and the sage
— are so great that the problem must be circumvented.

Anchorite Press has been a critical solution to the
problem. The printing and distribution of "Apocrypha" is a
vital step toward helping the Shining Ones fulfil their mission,
and it makes a lot of information available to the people who
need it. Publishing a book is an excellent way of disseminating
material at a distance. It does not aggravate the problem in the
same way as that damnable hunter-net. There are irritations
associated with small-scale publishing, and to any who might
think it a profitable venture, | should point out that it is an
excellent way to lose money, but passing information on has
to take precedent over all other concerns.

Publishing works for the chosen is not the only way to
share information. If it were, | would no doubt be a complete
pauper. The hunter Internet list is very difficult for me to use,
but it would be possible, no doubt, to recruit an assistant —
what I've seen called a "lurker" or "bystander" | think — who
could post missives to the list on my behalf. Others may find the
list less personally distasteful. Another available option, and the
‘one | make most use of is to encode information into other
works. My professional medium of communication is the
written article, and it's always possible to encode warnings and
other vital material into an article through the use of allusion
and diagrams featuring our signs, People who communicate in
other media could slip similar patterns into their work, I'm sure.

A smaller-scale option would be to monitor the local
area with the tools at our disposal, keeping track of the
chosen and Dark Ones, and leaving notes, clues or signs to
provide guidance to other imbued. This sort of work would
most likely involve all sorts of skulking around the neighbor-
hood at peculiar times to get messages to the correct places,
while minimizing the pain caused by proximity. If the Shining


Ones see fit to pass on information that is relevant to the
immediate vicinity and the chosen acting within it, it would
be unforgivable not to make every effort to relay that
material. Even clearly idiots may have a useful role to play in
saving a valuable person — which holds as true for the
masses as it does for the chosen. Distasteful as it may be,
when sides have to be selected, it's our duty to side with the
humans, not the inhumans.

There is never any need to ally with evil. With careful
manipulation, the forces of darkness can perhaps be used
against each other, coaxed into conflict that benefits human-
ity. That should not become an excuse for collaboration,
though. When you find yourself in a position where you
compromise the security of the imbued at large, or you
unnecessarily sacrifice members of the public, you should
back away from the situation. Aside from weakening the
cause of the Shining Ones, it exposes you to unnecessary
danger. Any instance in which you allow yourself to become
known to others — even to other chosen, in fact — you risk
your personal security, and you take a chance that you will be
embroiled in another's wild scheme.

It is extremely important to stay out of the way as much
as possible. The intelligence-gathering function is one of the
most vital in any conflict. No chosen with the wits and abilities
to obtain accurate information should ever be considered
disposable, or used as a front-line operative. The facility to
gather knowledge is always more useful than just another warm
body on the line of fire. The outside perspective allows greater
breadth of vision, greater security and therefore greater utility.

Ifatall possible, keep out of sight altogether. Act from the
shadows. It is the best possible way to operate, and entails the
least danger and exposure.

Jounnac, Day Ten

Things have been Quiet. Quinn Weathers is a lanyer, it tums
out, and he's raised some hue and cry about Samoset 's death
and Says the cops shot Sirst because Samoset was an Indian or
a Native American or whatever. Nothing weird going on other
than +hat - not until today.

\Ve been busy, got a lot of work all of a Sudden. Still went
4o toun, but no headaches, no big ones. | looked around for +he
pimp and the Mexican bitch, but no Show. Guess they decided 21
Paso was too hot for them.

Anyhow, today the headache machine started up again, this
time out by a highway hotel. | locked hard and didn't See any
unbalanced things running around. Then +his qua - normal qui,
short hair, not wrong at all- comes out and the headache gets
worse. So | Figure that's my guy. So 1 Follow him, like Vm in a
goddamn movie, and +he headache ge+s worse when he pulls up at
+his lit-He shithole Mexican dive. So | drive past and park down
the block with nu newspaper.

Inside the bar, he 's meeting this skinny little black wonan.
They lock at one another kind of Suspicious. She's got this
napkin with a litte sumubol drawn on it - not what Ben put on his
check, but similar somehow, | get that +his one means © Sacri~
fice* or something like, that.

So her name's some long foreign thing like Madaharry and
his is Steve. They aren "+ talking long before | Lind out they're
balancers, like Ben must have been. Or like me, | quess.

The woman says there's something out in Cuidad duarez
that's ano shit vampire. Says that human beings drink diced From

CHAPTER 2: KEEPING YOUR DIST ANGE

H+-4o get freaky strong, and then bring people For it +o drink from
So it can Survive.. Sounds predty crazy to me,, but then she. pulls out
these pictures she tock, and there's the pimp quy from the bus
Station. She says he's one of trent, one of the * blood slaves. *

Steve gets realexcited and says that if they ‘re out inthe.
desert, ext off, they might be able +o do some kind of raid. A
real Desert Storm kind of thing, it Sounded like +o me. The woman
wasn "+ +00 convinced, Said they Should get more information
Steve agreed. | kept waiting for one of them +o qive a phone
number, but they didn.

\ thought about going +o talk +o them, but tie headache
was So bad | couldn '+ really think straight. Besides, | don + know
if +hey ve Seen things in action like | have. Real vapires? Hell,
why not? Samose+ was more like an aninal than a person. And out
in the desert that night, the wolves were Sighting Something
that could qo toe to toe with them.

\ could tell these two what | know, but without a phone
number I'm not Sure how. \'m not sure what | should do. | quess
Vi do what Steve. and the woman are. doing. |" watch and make.
4p my mind dren |e got more +o go on.

Lonc-T crm Goats

Jury 24

Notes, Pamela asked fora stamp taday. She's writ-
ten a letter to Paul Ferrie — her co-worker who was at
the party, and the person who came to visit her. | con-
sider this a positive sign. | asked her to let me see the
fetter and she acquiesced. lt was coherent and positive.
though 4 few doodles on the page seemed to indicate
distraction or nervousness tome. She said that she was
feelingmuch better. much more balanced and in control.
She asked after several of their co-workers and asked
him to writeback soon

|arrSomewhat curious about her choice of medium.
She has full outgoing phone privileges. and couldeasilyhave
telephoned him. | suspect she fears a direct, unconsidered
exchange — fears what Paul may say to her. So she writes
aletter to create a layer of remove.

Interestingly, she has freely telephoned her father anc
Mother, a5 well as members of her jazz quartet. Perhaps Im.
mistaken about the "shadow man and flame wornan' being
patemal sublimations. If Pau! Femie — who was present at the
iNdident —is the shadow man," then whois the fire waman?
Juvy 25

OW. How are you feeling today. Pamela?

PD. allright. | guess. little anxious:

aW. Why anxious?

PD, Oh, no reason in particular. Nothing important

aW. This wouldn't have anything todo with yourletterto
Paul Ferrie. Would it?

PD. Urnmim... | can't know. Maybe.

€W. I'm curious why udu wrote him instead of calling,

PD. | guess | felt 'd have a better chance to say
everything | wanted to say in a letter. You know, with-
out interruptions.

‘AW. You think Paul is likely to interrupt you?

PD. Probably.

a &


€W. He was at the party. right?

PO, UR... yes. | believe he was

aW. You believe?

PO, | told you before. | don't remember that night very
Clearly, all | remember are the hallucinations, which are im-
possible, right?

dW. Why are you asking me?

PD. Im trying ta get some... some independent confirna-
tion.ifthatmasessense.|canttrustmyself. solhave totrustyou.
Orsomeone else wha knows what's really going on.

‘GW. Is it hard for you to give that trust?

PD, What clo you think? Do you think it's easy to be told
that what yousaw with your awn eyes is false? That! should
trusta man|haven't known two weeks tahelp me tell which
perceptions are realand which are made up? t's particulary
hard when you can't answer anything! You never tell me
anything. You just ask more questions!

€W. [can't tell you how to be yourself. !mnota figure liKke
your shadow man or fire women...

PD. Theyweren 't trying to tell mehow tabemyself. They
were trying to tell me what I have to co.

AW. What do you have to do?

PD. If listen to you, Ihave to hide out here and get well.
Ifllisten to them. |... ['m like Noah, building an ark while the
pest of the wond ignores the danger. Only it won't be water
this time. but fire and chaos. Both insist theyre right. but
only one can be. So prove your paint. Doc. Prove tome that
the world is sane, that my madness isn't just seeing the
truth of the word.

@W. | can only assure you that reality is real, that the
world exists in a steady state — and that you yourself ac-
cepted that stability until you were confronted with an
experience that youre still unwilling to remember.

PD. Unwiling? Im plenty willing to remember Ijust can't!
want to get out of here. |want to... to...

(Here she began to cry.)

PD, Im not even sure what | want to do. Part of me
wants to go back to everything being the way it was. but!
can feel this sickness undemeath. Like going back to wars
and selling speakers would be the real denial. But the other
part af me, the part that feels that. doesn't have any idea
what to do about it!

@W, So your first priority is to determine what's real. Oo
you think the Haldol has been helping?

PDI guess...

@W, Until you've mace up your mind about what the true
stateofrealityis. anyactionis inadvisable —beit toleave your
Old life orretum tait. Neither is a solution until youre personally
Satisfied that you've made the night choice between reality
and delusion. That's something only you can do.

PD. I know, | know. | want to find out which is real. You've
told me what | saw wasn't there. and my brain accepts that.
But! wantit to feel false. dnd right now it feels very real.

dW. When you remember what realiy happened, [mM
confident that your hallucinations will enc.

PD, Doctor?

dW. Jes, Pamela?

PD, Can you explain the burns on my back and ann?

Jounnnt, Day Eteven

Slow business today. Maye because |'ve been tied up So
much with all this Sucked up bullshit. Yast had a widow who wanted
her Spark plugs gapped, and some teenager who Finally saved
enough money to get a fender replaced. But maybe it's ust slow
because it's slow. f | didn't get those headaches whenever
Someone was around, |'d set myself up as theirmechanic..\ 'n Sure
Ud get plenty of work then, Hf my truck was any Sign.

Anyhow, after | Sinished that stufl started melting down
Some Silverware From an antique store and molding it into deer
sligs. \'ve got about a dozen. Maybe shot would be better, but
molding Siver ball bearings would be. a royal pain. Besides, it's a
soft metal. | dumduned them. That should do.

A Sacreo Dury

When the immediate crises posed up by the imbuing and
the truth of the world are past — as much as they can be —
it is time to take stock of the situation that one finds oneself
in and make plans for the longer term. This is common sense,
and if you're too stupid to realize the importance of strategy,
you fully deserve your early death. There are a number of
things that one can do to balance the larger task of gathering
information with the everyday needs of continued survival.
Fortunately, the need to observe and collate while staying out
of sight is one that has arisen many times over the course of
history, and the role that past solutions have created contin-
ues to bé viable today. | am talking, of course, of spying.

it is traditional that spies remain anonymous not only to
their targets, but also to the great majority of friendly forces. If
no one knows who you are or where you operate from, no one
can give away your identity, wittingly or otherwise. That should
be obvious. You may have a contact with the power and vision
to make use of your information, as | do, in which case it would
be appropriate for that person to be able to contact you, but that
sort of situation should be the exception, not the rule.

The first line of approach, unsurprisingly, is to not give
your name, location, address or other identifier to anyone
who knows you to be chosen. Hunter-net, odious as it is,
provides for a high level of anonymity, and that is a gift that
should be extended to the rest of your life. Keeping others at
an arm's length is something that comes naturally to us,
anyway. Where possible, you should do what you can to
completely avoid any direct contact with other chosen. The
babble is an excellent reminder and warning of that fact. Let
it guide you from others, keep yourself away and never make
phone calls from your own telephone. There are plenty of
ways to pass information to someone without ever having to
meet them or be anywhere near them.

The fastest way of getting information to a person
without actually coming into contact is to use a proxy,
sorneone who will make contact for you. Rather than calling
your recipient, or handing him a note at a bar, you can get a
third party to doit. The weakness, of course, is thata regularly
used proxy becomes someone who knows you and estab-
lishes a link to you. There are courier services in almost all
towns, and you can even make use of flower deliveries to
include a message with almost no chance of backtracking.

Misdirection is another effective strategy. If you need to
slip documents to your target, find a way to get them to
investigate something harmless on the other side of town,
then put the documents under their hotel door while they're


out. That sort of double blind helps you stay out of sight and
protects your anonymity. If it's possible to set up one part of
the misdirection with the aid of a proxy, so much the better.

If you have a working relationship with one particular

person or group to which you want to remain anonymous, try
arranging a dead-letter drop. This is a site where both parties
know messages for the other can be left securely. It is usually
a public place where any passerby might have a justifiable
reason for loitering. The actual drop-spot itself obviously has
to be hidden, so that members of the public do not come
across your messages. A hollowed-out cavity behind a loose
brick in the wall of a public lavatory is a good example. That
way, when you have information, it can be left at your
discretion for your recipients to pick up when possible. When
you visit the drop, a simple disguise helps protect you from
observers — even just tying your hair back and wearing a
radically different style of clothes can do the trick.

Most importantly, though, you need to remember that it is
Vital to maintain your own security. It's not always possible to act
onevery piece of information that you receive. One of the oldest
ways of flushing out an information gatherer is to pass a critical
fact on to the suspected spy and wait for hostile forces to act
upon it. There may come a time when you are set up in this way.
If you have any reason to suspect, even briefly, that a piece of
information may lead to a trap, suppress it. Historical precedent
is absolutely clear — sometimes sacrifices of defenseless people
are necessary. The Allies would never have won the Second
World War if the British Prime Minister had not sacrificed an
entire city, Coventry, in order to hide his ability to decode
German messages. | would advise treating second-hand informa-
tion, suchas that passed on by Moderator87's rather unpredictable
group, with extreme caution. Over-valuing third-party intelli-
gence may well cost you your life.

At the same time that you keep yourself hidden, you also
need to be able to gather information. Fortunately, those of us
who are afflicted by the babble often have certain advantages in
this. To start with, there are the voices themselves. Although
they are overwhelmingly unpleasant and often very difficult to
differentiate, sometimes the information they pass on is clear
enough to use. For example, a creature that | was observing
through my stone prompted the warning "IT PROFITS FROM
SOULS." The next morning, | recalled seeing a particularly high
number of Renfields going in and out ofa financial institution the
week before. | did some research and discovered that the
creature | had been watching was a director at the institution
concerned. | was able to assemble enough evidence to make a
convincing dossier to pass on to a team of foot soldiers better
equipped than | to deal with the creature.

The rest of the time, the bits and pieces that can be
picked up may yield interesting speculation, provide tantaliz-
ing hints, or even come together over time as a genuine
revelation. More usefully, however, those of us who can cast
our senses beyond our immediate location have a power that
any spy in history would have given his right arm for — the
ability to watch and listen without being present, often
without even being detected. Although apparently some
creatures are able to perceive us, being noticed at a distance
is considerably better than being noticed in the same room.

Cross-reference is also a vital tool to piecing together
information. Although some historical, mythological and anthro-

CHAPTER 2:KEEPING YOUR DIST ANGE

Pological texts can be thought-provoking, communicating with
others who gather information is the best way of assembling new
pieces of the puzzle, which is partly what "Apocrypha" is for. We
all havea duty—a sacred charge—to recordas much fragmentary
information as we can, whether it is pronouncements from the
Shining Ones, bits of sentences from the babble, prophetic dreams
or personal insights. You can never tell whether a seemingly
meaningless hint will eventually prove useful to someone else. Stay
hidden, gather information, pass instructions and day-to-day
intelligence to the troops, and cross-reference the things youlearn
with the rest of us. That way, we'll have our best chance of winning
this war. That is the only long-term plan worth discussing.
Journat, Day Ywerve

Taings have sped up. Not at work.

Steve and whatsemame are. gung-ho, \"l say that Sor them:
They went down +0 Cuidad duarez. and \ Followed then. Wasn + much
fem, \ didn "+ have tine +o pack. They didn't spot me, Since the
headache told me they were around, even if they got out of sight.

They're planning a mission out +o +he vampire 's hiding
place, or whatever. Apparently it's a biq-ass ranch ott in the
middle of nowhere.

Listening to these tuo is really something. Both of them want
tosave the wortd kickoM-the critters and start again clean. Steve
thinks ET is going +o come. down and tuck us into bed after we ger
the monsters out of the closer. Holy shit. (mean, | believe in Some.
$reaky shit now, but | think +his quy sounds crazy,

H makes me wonder how much they Ve really Seen, and what
they really know about the things. Neither one of them talked
about any coming doomsday, but |ean + get away fron the idea.
They think we. *re, going to change the word. | think +he world 's
going to change us. They think the © Messengers * (that's what
they call the things waking people up) are reall4 on the ball. |
don"t see, it. | think they're doing the best they can with what
they ve got. Seriously, even hearing them talk about how
widespread it is, how there are balancers everywhere... It Sounds
like a last minute Six, not like an overhaul.

1 still haven talked +o them. Still in too much pain, 4's.
easier +o watch them through the newspaper.

Anghow, they went ott +0 look at the ranch by day and |
Followed them encugh +o get a Sense of where it is. | went in,
that way. Nearly came back out of mu mind.

Hs seary a al Suck in there. H's IKe a compound. | Saud maujoe
Fwenty people. The real Stull inthe house is in the basement, | think.
Latent in there, but couldnt see a dann thing. | wound 1p Seeling 1d
way, going through doors, | quess, toucking mujaleuy around. Haass Sucked
up. Bien though \eouldn + ust nuy shins or austhing, ecuidn "+ feel ain,
Laas stil the most scared | Ve ever been.

The Sirs+ room was some kind of cell- bars instead of a door,
real thick chains on the wall, and a dead body hanging there. |
nearly lost ny Shit when | elt that, all cold and clanumy and sill
But it wasn "+ the worst.

Next was a bedroom. |felt the bed, soft covers. The bedposts
were al carved. And then | could See! someone under the covers, cold
as ice, not breathmg. | felt all along the thmg and H+ was dead. |
thouget it was another body. But when | put mys hand over its heart
it shitted, tried to sit up. F1'd had a mouth | woudd have. Sereamed,
I mean, | wasn * there and i stil felt mee

Vieas out of there after that. No way was | sticking around
after the alarm went up. No way in hel.

a &


Jounnat, Day Yuimreen

Things are moving way too Sast. Steve and the woman are
bringing people. into Paso to cross the border by night and nuke
the ranch, They think this iS a movie.

Three more balancers have joined them. They 're all staying
in the Same, lousy Slop house..\ ve checked in too. The headache
is constant, Whenever | see one of them, the pain gets bad
enough +o make me puke or ery. Even Seeing the little sqmbols
they put up for one another is bad. Gin helos, but not much.
"The only thing that really helps is getting away From them, but
when | run away Feel like a pussy, like | need +o go back and help
them. Vm stuck.

What's worse, they're being watched. | don "+ know how |
know, but | know. They ‘re. being Spied on. Everywhere \ lo
jumbled letters tell me. A matchbook. Billooards. The cover of
the Sucking Bibles

Finally, | couldn + take it. | put a note under the woman's
door warning them, and then left,

Journat, Day Fourrsex

Getting out of the hotel was deFinitely very smart. | feel a
lot better, though | still can + handie getting within a block of
them. More are showing up. | newspapensd in and they're still
planning +o do i+ tonight. No one even mentioned my warring.
Maybe whatsemame never got it. | called the hotel, asked for
Steve, but they Said no one with that name was Stauing there.

Lurote out another warning and went over +o put it on one.
of their trucks. | thought about going in +o talk to them, but
+the pain was too much even halfway across the street. | wouldn ‘+
be able to make sense around six of them. It'd be like trying to

explain something with your head on Fire. Hell, | almost got hit
crossing the street. \ stuck tne message under a windshield wiper
and then stumbled away.

| was almos+ crawling when | looked up and Saw +his woman,
gray hair, green eyes, nothing Special. But \heard the roar in me
cars and it was like Cod 'S Voice Saying THE SERVANT RULES THE
MASTER. I knew she had something to do with the things, and she,
looked wrong, but she was out in broad daulight. \just stared at
her, Stupid. | think | tried +o Say Something. She gave me a dollar
and told me. to sober up

| was pretty much helpless until the balancers set out at
night Fall. The. woman - queen of the boogumen of whatever lett
before they did. \ knew their plan. Maybe they could still pull i+
off, | thought. Maybe | could help them

\ got in muy truck, crossed the border, parked at a qas
station and started walking toward the ranch. Ht was a long
goddamn wal, and | got there just as some Faggot looking thing
was interrogating Steve. Most of them were there, chained up.
| quess it had taken the dead looking things some time to get
them under control, because i+ was almost sunrise when | started
shooting through +he windows. \+hink | got lucky and hit Someone.
with the First shot.

Then house blew up. Fuck if | know how, But | have. a feeling
that's only a band aid, not the cure. | took a look inside and some
of the basement rooms were Secure. \didn "+ see the gray haired
woman either. | watched one qua get out - black guy. \cut him
off a ways away. Said his name was Travis. He looked shook, and
with the headache | could barely put one foot in front of +H
other. 4 Sounds like. Matauwhoever ignored m4 waning. Travis
hadn't even heard of it.


Journat, Day Fierecx

Laas So happy today just +o wake up without pain. That's
my goal. Not +o save the world or kill all the critters. dust days
without pain.

There. are clearly Sone bia, big problems making connections
between me. and the other balancers, but |have to face it. \F
Vdbeen able to warm them, those quig-ho fucks might have come
back alive. Shit. But ahat more could | do?

Next time 1 get phone numbers. Next time | il make sure
they listen to me, not Some qun nat who believes in UFOS. Next
tine do i+ right.

Tutt Signs

Signat ro Noise

As a backup for intelligence efforts, our symbols are
among the most useful tools that we have. A good code has
been a staple necessity of covert work since such efforts first
began. To my knowledge, ours appears to remain pure —
unbroken, That's very important. It means we can leave
messages in public that the opposition is hardly aware of and
does not understand. They're also versatile enough to convey
even fairly complex messages, which is important.

It's interesting that the code is not fixed. We know the
meaning of signs that we see, but may not have known how to
crafta sign before seeing it. Similarly, new shapes can occasion-
ally be revealed. Perhaps there are certain shapes that are
pleasing to the Shining Ones or that somehow embody
particular concepts that become necessary. Whatever the

é*

One of us selected to gather and
pass on information from afar.
An imbued who hears the babble.

This denotes that a place or per-
son is being watched or monitored in
some way — it can be a warning that
a chosen is in danger or that someone
is keeping a friendly eye open.

This is always a warning, used to informa
chosen that they have dangerously under
estimated a situation or opponent. Itmakes
an excellent cautionary message.

Something that has been foreseen, per-
haps a message from the Shining Ones,
or a glimpse of the future. It usually
makes sense only in conjunction with | /
other signs, to show future trouble YU
spots or other warnings — "Proph-
esied Infestation," for example, or "Prophesied Danger."

A "closed for business — back soon" sign for use
when your awareness is not in the same
location as your body. It can be
handy to help ensure that you are
not thought to be dead. Not everyone
has the wit to understand it fully, though. |
have heard that some idiots think it means "faking
death." Still, that's good enough.

££»

CHAPTER

reasons, new signs do come to light. | know, because | feel that
| have been selected by the Shining Ones to reveal some.

Juty 26

Notes. Paul Ferrie calleci Pamela today. He asked for her
through therecentionist lapprovedandPamelaactualyagreed
to answer. Their conversation was bref. but afterwerd she
seemed moody and withdrawn, | asked her if something was:
troubling her and she said no. She had a notebools and was
whiting or sketching in it intently. lasked her if could see it, She
looked atme curiously and alowed it twas filed withanumber
of small. cryptic figures. similar to those in her letter to Ferrie.
They were made of dots and circles and lines, and looked a bit
lke constellations or wing diagrams. | asked her what they
wereandshesaid theywerejustcoodies. Her facialexpression
and body language belied her casual tone, but! didn't push.

Journat, Day Screen

I think ve got it. woke up with my head full of these weird
little Symbols, like the one Ben put on his check and the one that
woman put on the napkm. | have a plan.

One of the Symbols means * meeting * 1m putting it on a
piece of paper along with the name of a crappy litte bar called
O'Hearmn's up the road. \'m also putting the time 7:00 PM on it.
Then I'm making up a bunch of Symbols that don + mean shit. |r
putting them on the sheet along with tines and locations all
along Interstate 0. Then |'m going +o xerox them and drive
around posting then up and down the highway, wherever| get the
ache. \ean + be in the bar, but there 's arestaurant right next
+o it and | can wait there for the headaches to start. When |

See Soneone.go into the bar,\ ll put an envelope. on theircar with
instructions on where to leave me contact information.

, Let's hope this works.
Juty 27

Notes. I'm not sure exactly how to say this. Pamela is
gone. It is unclear whether she escaped or was abducted.

This moming she asked me to cal! Bleanar Hughes and
askif shestill wanted to visit. We discussed whyshe wanted
to talk to Mrs. Hughes, and she seemed eager to confront
her neuroses heacl-on.| agreed. with the caveat that | be
present. Pamela Seemed fine with that.

Nurse Swit said Pamela was on the phone for some
time after that, talking in a low voice. When she asked who
Pamela was talking to. she said it was her sister.

When BleanorHughes arrived,she was assaulted inour
parkinglot. Detective Siencoesaysit's veryuniikelyitwasan
accident — a hit and run.

There was, of course, a great deal of disorder here im-

9s mediately after the accident. but as | was leaving my office.

(heard a strange sound from Pamela's room.

Shewas huddled ina corner. staring ather window. The
grate around it had been wrenched off ~ the police said a
pneumatic crill was used — and aman was standing ona
ladder at the window, yelling for her to come with him. |
shouted at him to stop but she stood and went ta him. She
said something about how this proved that it was all true. |
was going tagoafterher. but the manin the window threat-
ened me with aknife. With tears in her eyes, Pamela said it
was for the best.

Taped to her window, on notebook paper. was one of
her symbols, written largely,

»

a =

EPING YOUR DIST ANGE



Behold, the hour cometh, yea, is now come, that ye shall be

scattered, every man to his own, and shall leave me alone: and yet
lam not alone, because the Father is with me.

—John 16:32

Guiding re Ovners

Journni, Day Sevenvecn

Cot my Sirst response from nus symbol posters on April
Fools. Real Sunny. 4 was tuo quays in a beat up old truck, a skinny
blond quy ard his big black quy. They went into the bar and |
checked them over. They were clean, but +he headache was
pretty Sierce. | thought about papering in +o See what +hey
were taking about, but decided +o just ave them the informa
tion and split. As it turned out, i wasn + even that easy. |
watched them through the window until +ne blond qu sent +o
the bathroom. Then | got in nuy car and drove over by the truck.
V'd gotten out and was putting the envelope under the. wiper
when the black quy came out and started yelling. Cood thing |
Wht the engine running, but |'m worried he saw ny license plate
before | drove away. Next time. tl disconnect the lights around
ik, which | should "ve done anyway.
Jouanat D AY EIGHYEEN

\ followed the headache around € Paso looking For more.
balancers, but since +hey don "+ Show up as weird +0 look at, it's
vot as easy to Sind them as it is the wrongers. Found two of
those, but not the pimp, Cray Hair or the Mexican woman.
Jounnat, Dav Nineveen

Like lasted in the envelope, the blond quy went +o the gas
station in Las Cruces and Stood by the phone at 9. When t called
him from Ben's pay phone, he answered right away.

He says | can call hiv Curt. Wants +0 know why | won tmeet
him Face +0 Sace.\ told him it was for the safety of both of
us, that if one of us got caught or something, he wouldn + know
uho to betray, He asked if 1 was on Something called * hunter
net" and | Said \'d never heard of it. though about lying, out
what the hell.

Apparently there's some kind of computer hookup with alt
these other inbred. * curt says that's what the balancers call
one another on this net thing. From the sounds of it, | don "4
want +o be a part of it 1asted him if anyone knew alvat sas really
qoing on. | probably Sounded pretty eager. 4 seemed like he was
afraid of disappointing me.\ shouldnt be Surprised. No one knows
any more than | do.

Bu - no surprise. - everybody in this net thinks they ‘re

it and everyone else iS wrong. No one aqrees. He Says Some:

them think Some monsters are okay and others think they Ve
all got to get sent back +to hell. He wanted +o know what |
thought. So | Said all the ones I'd seen were pretty goddamn
nasty, but | didn "+ see any reason there might not be ones who
were. okay. He Said that was pretty nuuch his idea too.

He wanted toknowwhat® gifts" had. asked what he meant
He said he was real good at spotting* them" and could sometines
Freeze them in place just by Stating at them, | said \ could see
things at a distance, out | wasn 4 sure if that's what he meant,
He said he'd never heard of anyone being able to do that.

He wanted my phone namber, but | wouldn't give it, So he
wouldn + give me his. \ told hina that (Che wanted +o get in touch

Aa


with me, he Should put up a poster at the Eagle Supermarket in
El Paso - the one on Alamo Road. | said \'d leave posters up for
him at the Same. place. He also said we Should both leave fake
posters with Fake symbols every once in a while, m case we re
being watched. | didn '+ like +he Sound of that, that he might be
followed, but \ agreed.

Jounnat, Day Twenry

Three more came to O'Hearn's, a quy, a woman and a
teenage qin. They drove up in alate model Saab and looked
kind of out of place. thad i+ alot better planned this time.
\'d gone there that morning and taped an envelope. under
neath the pay phone. liken they got there, | checked them
out with the newspaper trick. Then | just had +o wait until
one of them went to the bathroom (which was right b4 the
phone) and call from the restaurant. When the woman
answered (her and the girl went to the can together, like
they always dod, | told her to get the envelope. When they
Saw m4 marks on it, they were willing to read it. In it, | gave
them another phone number +o call in one hour. That was the
phone number for a gas station a couple miles away. | told
them they could call from anywhere, So they'd know they
weren't being Set up. They seemed to think | was the
paranoid one. But +hey called back.

The three of them were more trusting than Curt, by
quite a bit. Their names are Ramona, Anthony, and the qin is
Gina. Ramona gave me her las+ name, Seartes, and her phone
number 555-6307.

So now | have. Five balancers \ean contact, if \ count Curt 's
friend. That's not too bad. | Ve been keeping an eye. on Quinn

leathers, who doesn'+ seem to have done anything too crazy
or bad. Nothing that got in the papers, anghow
Jury 28

Notes, Bleanar Hughes is dead. She died of injuries sus-
tained in the accident. or her murder, |suppose | should say.
The papers didn't offer details until today. Detective Slencoe
came to talk ta me about Pamela. What he had to say was
quite distressing.

He believes the attacks on Cleanor Hughes and
Katrina Richards were connected. He says that Mrs.
Richards' death may not have been the act of a single
madman [Evan Jones) but rather the work of some Kind
of organization or even cult. He believes Pamela is a
member of this group and is a danger to herself anc
others unless apprehended.

Detective Slencoe then asked me for help capturing
Pamela. | told him | would have to think it over and he
seemed puzzled and angry. | explained doctor/patient
privilege, which he seemed to understand, but felt that
under the circumstances it was better for Pamela if |
shared what | Knew.

He left after | promised him an answer eany tomorow.

My first instinct is torefuse. Perhaps this is unfair. but all
along Ive had the feeling that Siencoe sees Pamela as a
means to an end. His pressure to interview her when she
wasjust admitted. and nowhis eagemess toread Pamela's
file. bothcause mesomeimitation. But! mustremember that
timeisof theessence in police work, Tahim, msurepsycho-
therapy work looks glacial slow.


| suppose the core of the matter is this. ls Pamela
Qrummond a threat to herself and others?

| would like to think the answer is no. Through all my
Conversations with her, my impression remains that of a
sensitive. bright young woman whohas been pushed past
her tolerances. But | must remember that she has at-
tempted to injure herself and that she seemed to willingly
go with the intruder at her window.

|s it possible that Pamela has multiple personalities?
Ive always been dubious about claims of MPD. particularly
fram those who assert that it stems from ritual abuse
during childhood. But | snow very persuasive experts who
do believe in it

Couldit be that the fire woman and shadow manarenot
her parents, but her other selves? That the personality |
knowis one of several — the most reasonable one. the ane
sheshowed at work and at school — and that she hides the
self-destructive side | only glimpsed?

Iflaccept that.is it such ajump to see heras a member
ofacuit?

Jury 29

Notes, | called Detective Slencoe directly after church
this morning and told him | would help recapture Pamela
—butoniyon the condition that he would do everythingin
his power to support my request to have her returned to
my care. He agreed. though Im unsure how much he will
orcan do. Still.| think it's better for Pamela to be incustody
than at large.

Journat, Day Twenry One

Found the pimp. Or, Curt found him. He le mea message
at the grocery store with some kind of symbol that just
seemed to suit the pimo. He left a bunch of phone numbers
too. All the numbers had little symbols over them, and all the
symbols were bullshit except one. + means decision maker or
something like that. So | called that one and some quy
answered in Mexican. | Said | wanted Curt and he Said | could
leave a message. | gave him another phone booth numoer -
shit, it's gotten So | don't drive by a pay phone without
jetting down the namber down and where. i+ is. | said I'd be
there at 6:00 that night. Curt called and described the pimp,
saidhe 'd spotted him at the train station. Asked if | wanted
his address and | Said hell, yes.

As Soon a8 | was off the phone | went to the pimp 's place
~ a litte old ranch house on this dusty road in the middle of
nowhere. | parked in front of his nearest neighbor (about a mile.
auay) and read the newspaper. | need to get anew one. The pimp
wasn't there, but there was one big Freaking dog and a keypad
next to the door. inside the house was a cabinet with a bunch
of guns and some kind oF crossbow or something. According to
the labels on his magazines, his name. is dose Rios.

| got an okay look—through when | heard the. gimp coming
back. \ got out in time to see how he disarmed the alarm - 7734.

lealled curt 's Mexican friend back and this time he told
me call back in fifteen minutes and | Ihave a phone number.
This phone +aq crap is a pain in the ass, but \"ll take i+ over
the headaches. Once | finally got Cart tasked him who was
answering the phone. He Said i+ was a Sriend of his with a
broken back who did some Kind of wholesale work from his

CHAPTER 3: BRIDGING THE GAP

house - was always by the phone. Curt told this quy | was a
collection agent hassling him, out that he wanted +o
contact me at his convenience to get things worked out.
Good cover. Anyhow, | told him about the dog, the quns and
- most important - the passcode. He said if this was
straight he'd qive me his pager number and we'd cut out all
this intermediary stuff, He also said that if the code was
good, no one would ever Find the pimp.

Avencers

Jury 30

Notes. | fillec| Detective Slencoe in on the hallucinations
Pameladescribed. He was particulary interested in the con-
cept that Pamela was the "center of the web."

He immediately asked about Paul Ferre. It seems he
has quit his job and moved, leaving no forwarding address.
@ven his own family seems to have no idea where he is or
why he left.

In the spirit of an open exchange, | asked why he be-
lieved there was a cult behind the murder and Parnela's
disappearance. Slencoe told me that Ferrie and several
others from Mr. Lavelle's party had begun behaving very
oddly.d woman named Marguerite Zimmermanhad been
seen "snooping around' the homes of Mrs. Hughes and
twoother women in theirneighborhood. When questioned,
she seemed evasive. though [as a resident of the area)
she was not charged. But the night Ferrie disappeared,
Zimmerman abandoned her husband as well — after liqui-
dating their bank account.

ds for Ferrie, Slencoe believes he was the "hitter" in
the Hughes murder. The vehicle used was a heavy pickup
truck, stolen hours earlier from the airport's long-term lot.
Witnesses — including our receptionist — said that the
driver aimed directly at Mrs. Hughes, then got out of the
truck and battered at her with a pipe or tire-iron as she
tried to crawl away. ds he did so, a second car pulled up
and he got in.

Detective Slencogadmitted that thisis not the firstsuch
cult he's heard of operating in dustralia. Several police de-
partments theorize that they onganize. or perhaps ritualize.
theirrolesin crimes. Thus. if Ferrets a "hitter he probablyhad
ahand in Katrina Richards' death, as well

This is very disturbing. given Pamela's assertion that
Paul was chosen for his anger.

Journat, Day Twenry Two

Welt, | quess Curt and his buddy Killed the pimp yesterday.
| went by the Store and there was that triangle thing that
means © slave." ~ though | couldn "+ tell you how | know i+ means
that - with a big X over it. | called Curt's pal, played* collection
agent" and left a message.

Then | saw in the paper that a quy had been murdered. There,
wasnt a picture - didn't even make the front page - but the
address was right and the name was dose Rios. Said Someone had
apparentty robbed the place.

Curt called back and told me the scoop. Apparent he
and his buddy Lanny had some unexpected problems. They
took care of the dog okay, but José had company when he


came home - a teenaged boy, looked like a runaway. Curt said
they scared the kid away and that he didn't see their
Laces, out that if the cops talk +o him he'll be able to say
that dose got beat down b4 a biq black quy and his little
Sriend. | asked why they didn + wait until the kid was out of
the way. He said Lanny wasn + real patient when it came +o
* the under dead."

Shit. EU been there or been around, | could have wamed
those two fuckheads beforehand that José had company. But
that would have. put me. in the headache zone, and \ don't know
how much good | would have done them. Plus, \'d be connected +o
them if they got caught - which thea probably will be iF Lanny,
is as Stupid a& he Sounds.

Curt did qive me his pager number, though.

Derenders

Sounnat, Day Twenry Tiree

Cot a message From curt today. He met another quy
through that net thing and wanted me to check him out. The qui,
is named Franklin Reeve and he lives in a trailer park off of 1-10.
\ told him Sure.

Sol went and looked and this Reeve quy seems like kind
of a freak. There's these dumb magazines all over the place
-* Soldier of Fortune," stuff about UFOS, Something called
‘ Fortune Times." There were pamphlets too - something
about © them controlling the government, Stuff from the.
" order of the Rose" and the * Blood cult Network." Also
some kind of German-looking stuf right next to this black
power crap. Everything but a rifle ard a map oF local water
Aowers. He was sacked out when | came. in - big quiy, kind of
Sat, no sign of a wife or kids or a girtSriend anywhere. He's
maybe thirty, | quess.

He had Four biq dogs, too, big ugly, pitbulls on short chains
in the backyard. They Started barking when | was sneaking in.
Seared the. crap cut of me. But | suppose if that naked chick
in Quinn Weathers' apartment knew | was there GF | really was
* there, + makes sense that an animal might too. Cant Say
it did hin alot of qood. He. just kind of rolled over and qrutubled,
then yelled at them to shut up.

So next thing that happens is this little kid rams up and
starts pounding on the door, yelling For hin. Reeve. sits bolt
upright and reaches under his pillow, then relaxes. The kid 's Saying
something about how there's +nis Suspicious quy nearby. Reeve
pulls this huge que out From under Wis pillow and puts it in the
back of his pants. He yells at the kid to wait and pulls on a shirt.
Then he goes out with the kid, puts a leash on the biggest dog,
and thels start going up the, road. Next thing | Know, the kid's
pointing at my trucks

Usnapped right +0 and cranked the engine - good +ring |
Sixed that starter back im February! | could see Reeve. He let
the dog off the leash. 4 was just like day one, only +nis time +he
dog didn "+ catch my bumper. \heard him yelling at the kid as |
drove away, asking why he didn'+ get my license.

(laten

Well, \ just re-read what | wrote, now that | ‘ve. calmed down
alittle and sorted things out. Looking back, it's actually kind
of Funny, | quess. And this quy Reeve seems pretty on the ball.

‘mean, the last person who twigged to getting looked at was
one of the monsters. Maybe |'m just jealous cause he seems Ike.
he's doing a good job stauing sake, like | want +o.

\ paged Curt and told him Reeve Seems okay.

REDEEMERS

Aucusr §

Notes, Qetective Jlencoe called me taday after ar-
resting a woman named Dana Falk. dpparently Ms.
Falk left her home in Canberra not long after Ferrie and
Zimmerman. She was picked up inNewcastle. Slencoe
couldn't fill me in on the full details of the case — or
didn't want to — but he thought Pamela had been with
Ms. Falk at one time and hoped that | might be able to
get some kind of clue.

It was very odd. Before | went in. Detective Slencoe
and/ talked about the ditterence between a police inter-
rogation and a therapy session. | told him! wasn't about
to "trick" or put any kind of unhealthy pressure on the
woman. police custody orno. But as it happened. | cidn't
need to try ta deceive her. She jumped ta her awn con-
clusions — helped. | don't doubt. by some legal but
sufficiently horrible forms of psychological coercion by
the police. She looked exhausted, I'm sure they'd been
"grilling" her for hours.

lintroduced myself and showed her the symbol that
Pamela hac posted on her window the night of her abduc-
tion. Before |even hada chance to speak, her face lit up with
hope and eagerness. She blurted out something about me
coming to release her.

Imnot sure, now. why! did what! did, but | put my finger
tomylips forhertobe quiet Shesatback, witha glanceat the
one-way mirror behind rne. | knew Detective Glencoe was
behind it. and Ms. Falk must have suspected.

| asked if she knew Pamela Drummond. She was
evasive before admitting she might know her "fram the
newspapers." | told Ms. Falk she hadn't been charged
with a crime yet and might nat be if she cagperated.|
don't remember my exact phrasing, but | suspect that
it was an unintended double entendre. From my pos-
session of the symbol, she incorrectly deduced that |
was a member of her religion who had come to release
her. When | spoke of cooperation. | meant that she
should cooperate with the police, but she may have
presumed that | meant that by cooperating with me —
her fellow group member — she might gain freedom
without being charged

What commenced was a strange dialogue of implica-
tion. She wanted to answer my questions, but she dicin't
trust Slencoe and wanted to conceal her meaning from
the police.

When | asked about the burning woman, she said
she'd heard of her, but hadneverseenher.ortheshacow
man. She used that phrase voluntarily, not after hearing
meuseit.lasked what they wanted. and she said noone
seemed toknow. She said many thought they were ona
mission of vengeance and destruction, but that she


thought they were sent for healing and reconciliation —
that violence wasn't necessary, that all their goals could
be accomplished peacefully. She also said that "a mu-
tual acquaintance" seemed to have the best
understanding, but that this acquaintance — /m sure
she was referring to Pamela — was unhappy with the
dissent among the "chosen" and seemed unwilling to
"pick a side." She came right out and asked whose side!
was on. | said "Pamela's."

She shook herheadand said she wasn tsure what side
that was.

Manrvrs

Aucusr 8

Notes, It seems that | have become an expert on
this supposed cult against my will. Detective Slencoe
called yesterday, asking if! would be willing to speak to
Qvan Jones — the man in custody for killing Katrina
Richards. Initially! demurred. citing my poor training with
Criminal insanity, but he encouraged me by saying how
useful I'd been with Dana Falk. Slencoe was now quite
confident that the symbol Pamela placed in her win-
dow meant "escape." He also said that without me, he
wouldn't have the valuable knowledge that there's a
schism in the cult between violent and peaceful fac-
tions. But the persuasive argument was, of course. an
appeal to Pamela's safety

Evan Jones was nothing like what | expected. He
has been formally charged with the murder and retuses
to deny or confirm his participation in it — refuses to
discuss the matter at all. The police have been reticent
about the details [in order to Keep the jury poo! pure in
this widely publicised case), but Slencoe confided that
they had more than enough to convict. He felt Jones was
just stalling, trying to draw out the legal process as long
as he could. I'm not even sure why he agreed to talk to
me, He didn't act like a condemned man. He was
Strangely serene.

| showed him Pamela's notebook of symbols and he
asked (politely) who had drawn them. He didn't recognize
her name when | answered, and he said he had no idea
where she was. He denied knowing her. When | asked how
longhe'd been chosen. he just smiled and said | didn't know
what! was talking about.

Nothing about his behavior added up, sol decided to try
alittle detective-style subterfuge. Though I'd normally be
loath to do so, | suspect that being lied to by a psychiatnst
was the least of Jones' worries right now.

lied by implication, | said that when he was released, he
Might come to me for treatment if he changed his mind. He
justlaughed. said no jurywas going toleta poor black waiter
walk away when he was charged with cutting up a beautiful
white woman. | shook my head.

{said something like. ‘Evan. we Know you were chosen
tobe the sacrifice. You may thinkit's noble to take the fall for
the real Killer, but lat me assure you, we will find Paul Ferme"

Itwas the only time | saw him look frightened.

CHAPTER 3: BRIDGING THE GAP

INNOCENTS

Journat, Day Twenry Four

This morning, every time | looked at my remote control or
mi phone or anything with numbers on it, they seemed to tum
themselves into Ramona Searies ' phone number. Imay not be the
brightest bulb m the lamp, but | can take a hint, So \ called her:
She was really glad +o hear from me, and | Felt kind of bad that
Uhadn + called her more often or qiven her some other way +o
get in touch with me. But she's way up in New Mexico, 80 1can "+
[est send her to the supermarket bulletin board without
revealing what city \'m in.

She said she just got a cell phone, So she gave me the number
for that too.

Anuphow, She and Anthony found Something nasty in Cartsbad.
Not cartsbad Cavers, the actual city of Cartsbad. They ‘re not
sure how bad though. Ramona was looking around and she Spotted
this invisible spirit Moating around. Shit, it was weird hearing her
talk about that stuF$ on the phone. | mean, it's weird to write
it here and to See it too, but even on the phone Curt kind of
talks around it. Not her though.

Anijhow, it Seemed +0 be Focused on Some house out on the
west side of town, So she and Anthony kept watch on it. Said
they saw people going in and out, mainly at night. Monday they
saw people painting a Sign -* The Church of the Second Life, *
The people going in and out looked normal - they weren "+ dead
or weird, like +he pimp | quess. So she Said they had Gina go up
and talk +o them. That was when shook my head and asked what
she was talking about. | thought Cina was mayoe thirteen.
Ramona said she's actually sixteen, just small for her age, but
\ still didn "+ understand what was going on.

Ramona said Cina has Special protection, and besides,
people underestinate her when they think she's a kid. | ques
these Second Life people were nealeagerto talk toher. Ramona
said they sounded kind of nutty, talking about all +his* contact
with a higher word' stuff. They wanted Gina to come toa
Service on Friday night, out Ramona and Anthony weren't Sure
hey Should let her go.

\said that mstead of sending Gina they should let me check
it out. Ramona Said that was a qood idea, but maxbe we Should
meet face to face First. | niked that, just asked her to stay
by the phone.

After the talk | drove all the way up to Carisbad and
checked into a motel, then went out to the church she
described. \ didn '+ get any static driving out +0 the place, and
| was thinking it might be a wid goose chase. There was Ko
+elephone. anywhere. nearby. \ looked around anyhow and that's
when stuf$ got weird. \ was in (or, at least, * looking at) this
biq open hall, like it used to be a dining room, when this woman
walks in, puts her hands on this big book case at the front of
tne room and says * than? You there?" And suddenly it's
headache city, the voices going on about how she's being
ridden or Some Shit, and \can see this kind of transearent man
sort of overlapping her.

That 's when | snapped back to myself. 1 didn't mean to,
but the headache. was bad. \'m Sor sure. going to check this
stuf£ out tomorrow night.1"m also qoing +o call Curt and get
him up here.


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

Jounnat, Day Twenry Five

desus, what a pain in the ass Curt is. He wanted +o know
where the church was so he, Lanny and Reeve could burn it
doun before the service. | thought that was a stupid idea and
he got pissed.

I talked to Ramona again and she said she'd qive me her cell
phone to use if1'd meet her face to face. | said no but told her
she could drop it off behind a strip mall near my motel. \ said i'd
leave a Symbol where She Should put i+. She finally agreed. So
when | Felt her getting close | checked her out through the paper.
She hid, too, the bitch. Waited +o see if 1d come and get it. |
called the cell phone From a phone booth instead and told her to
ger away. She was pretty surprised.

So now | know where Curt and his quays are Staying, and |can
call Ramona at home. \'m still seared as hell to go out there by
myself. If dogs can Sense me when | 'm Searching, can ghosts too?

(ater)

desus. That Cina girl is either the dumbest orbravest kid alive.

The * service." at the church was pretty weird. The woman
\'d seen before stood up at the Front and just fat out said
that her grandfather had returned with wisdom from beyond
the. grave, and that people who wanted H+ could have. it. Then
she grabbed the bookcase and got all weird. People started
welling out all these Questions and She was answering them in
this old man's voice.

And then in comes Gina.

At First no one noticed her. My First thought was that
Ihad +0 call in the cavalry, but if \ did that, \'d have to stop
watching +o dial the phone. So | stayed, and pretty Soon
Cina stood up and asked the qhost * What about you? Wnat
do you want? *

So everyone was locking at her all of a Sudden and | had to
break off to call Ramona. She. said Gina had disappeared and
Anthony was looking for her. | told her to leave hin a message
and get to the church pronto.

When | was off the phone | got on the paper and looked
again, and i+ looked like there was an arqument going on
between Gina and the woman with the ghost. And then this
banner behind her that Said The Secrets Are Revealed
changed into SHE REVELS IN SPIRIT. | swear that's what it
said. \t was hard to keep track of who was Sawing what - the
old man ghost and the woman were kind of talking with the
Same voice - but i+ seemed like the woman was pissed and
wasn + letting the old man talk. And the crowd was getting
antsy, Gina was accusing the woman of not letting +he
ghost speak, which was true, | +hink. The woman was een
it and the old man ghost qot pissed. Then he steps out o.
her, grabs the banner and yanks it off the wall. He starts
whipping i+ around over the crowd. That was it, people
Started screaming and going nuts.

1 eut off and started up the truck. | also called Curt,
which wasn t easy while driving. | was kind of disoriented from
all the switching too. Anyhow, | Finally told him where +he
church was and +o hurry.

\ drove right through the fence and up to the house. |
wasn + sure. where Gina was. \ just hoped she wasn't getting
trampled. People were running all over the place, crawling out the
windows even. | looked in just in tine +0 See. Cina Struggling with

the woman. The window was wide open So\ grabbed a tire. iron and
climbed in, yelling at them +o knock it off,

| quess a skinny teenager is one thing, but aman with achunk
of steel is another, The woman let go of the git and started
hollering. | grabbed Cina and pulled her toward the door. By +his
point the place was nearly empty. Cina wanted to Know who | was
and how | knew her name, but the headache was like fire and |
wasn +t in the mood.

When | got outside | saw why my head was So Sore. Ramona
had showed up. | threw Cina at her, got in my truck and +ook off
with the two of them yelling behind me.

desus. What a dumb litte bitch. She."s lucky | was there +o
pull her Lat out of the Sire. Though | suppose | have +o give her
eredit Sor making things happen. | never could have done that.
AS Soon as the old ghost showed up, 1 *d have been too wrecked
to think straight.

Juners

Journat, Day Twenry Six

Woke up in my hotel room, disoriented and with a
headache. Looked around through the newspaper and Saw Curt
sitting on the Front bumper of my pickup +ruck. Thought
about running, but couldn + really see any qood i+ would do.
At least he'd come alone.

So 1 went out and said hello. He asked me if | was Mr.
Payphone and | said | supposed so. He Said he met Ramona and
Gina. They described me and my truck and he went looking forme.
He asked my name. | Said | wouldn'+ make. i+ easy on him - that
both of us were seared for our safety and had good reason. He
nodded, but he didnt Seem convinced, So | told him about the
headaches and everything. That he seemed to understand, and
he promised he wouldn "+ let the others know he found me.

He Silied me in on what happened at the church. Hin and his
group Showed up just as | was leaving, \ quess. Anthony got there
too Ramona had let him a message. And like. | Said, Lanny and
Reeve had wanted to bum the house down, but Cina and Ramona
talked them out of it. There was some. biq deal about the ghost
and +he woman, H Sounds like She. was +he ghost 's qranddaughter
and was kind of using +ne old quyy- Curt Sigured she liked being
@ big shot, liked having all the answers and the attention. They
communicated with the dead quy somehow. All he wanted to do
was watch over his grandkids and protect +he Family land. Lanny
Stil wanted +o whack him, but | quess Curt talked him out of it.
Says Anthony, Ramona and Cina are going +o check up on the
ghost, see. if they can maxyoe get hin settied So he rests in
peace. Sounds like a tall order. He's got two other grand kids
and they all hate each other.

Anipiow, Curt wanted +o thank me. Said that if i+ wasn't
For me and Ramona, him and Lanny probably would have done
Something stupid at the church. Might have gotten hurt or hurt
some people. | told him | didn + do much.

All the people there last wight - Curt and his crew and
Ramona's group- they all exchanged names and phone numbers.
Curt thinks they can get a lot more done if they work
together. | Said | wouldn "+ want +o deal with a qroup that had
both Cina and Lanny in it. Curt just laughed. He thinks he can
handie then. We'll see.


\ told him I'd be in touch, and he said the same. | gave him
Ramona 's phone. Asked him to retum it~ maybe that he found
my room but | waS gone. He Said he was sorry we couldn "+ work
closer together.

I'm not sure | fee! that way or not.

VisioNARIES

Aucusr 23

Notes. Pamela telephoned me today at the office. |con-
sider this a very positive sign. d transcript follows.

@W. [m taping this. You must knaw that. 'm taping this
and|'m giving the tape to the police.

PD, Do what you have to, Doctor.

‘W. | must strongly encourage you to turn yourself in
You don't need tobe afraid, Pamela. !mwithyou. stay with
you. | wan't abandon you.

PO. Doctor, that's very sweet, but...

€W. Youre clearly not responsible for your actions.

PD. Yes | am. dnd Im not crazy. no matter what
you think.

@W. Youleft your Haldolbehind when youleft. Have you
been hallucinating agein?

PD. Ive seen things, but | haven't been hallucinating.

AW. Pamela. listen. If you've lost the ability to dis-
cern between hallucination and reality, youre in great
danger and you endanger everyone around you.
Please come back!

PD.Has anyone from the Lavalles' neighborhood come
to visit you?

dW. Pamela. |—

PO. Tell me! t's important!

@W.No, nobody,

PD. Sood. If someone does. particulany a beautiful
woman, don't talk to her.

W, |can't promise that.

PD, Then | can't quarantee your safety.

AW. Im not the one in danger.

PD. Yes you are, Doctor. I've met sameone who sees
very clearly. Not as often as | do, but more cleany. She's a
genuine prophet. She said we're not done.

€W. Whois this woman. this prophet?

PD, You Know | can't tell you that.

@W.|sshe the "highprestess"?Isshe the flame woman?

PD, You haven't the slightest idea what you're talking
about. She's a woman like me, one who's had her eyes
opened... but she's better off. It's not so overwhelming for
her. She can handle it. She can accept what she's shown.
whereas | get hurt. | have to hide my head in the sand. But
were worsing around that...

@W. What doyoumean. hide yourhead? Whatisit youre
seeing, Pamela? More violence? More murders? The police
haven'tleaked anyinformation about the cult to the papers.
butit'sonlybecause theydon'twantapanic. What elsehave
these people done?

PD. Youre looking at this all wrong, though | don't sup-
pose | blame you.

W. What are you doing now. Pamela?

PO. Im protecting you. Protectingallof you the best way
Ican. Maybe if] was stronger!could do more, but!'m leaming
tolive withit. One or two now. it's not so bad.| can stand one
ortwo.|can find the quiet places. But! stillcan'tbe around too
many. But | can find...

@W. Find what?

PO, Find the chosen who've been lost. Find the lost and
the dangerous,

@W. are you saying youre a recruiter? Pamela. please,
talk tame!

PD. No one recruits. Youre either chasen or you aren't.

@W. Which groupare youwithnow? The peacefulbranch
or the violent one?

PD. There aren't branches like that. There are dif-
ferent functions. and our leader can choose which
function is needed.

@W. dnd you da anything this leacler says?

PD. No. of course not. We're all still free, still people. But
if you'd seen what we have. you'd be willing to make some
concessions. Look. I'm sorry if 've hurt or frightened you.
but you have to understand. What you think are hallucina-
tions are real and are more dangerous than you can
imagine. Because of your connection ta me. they may
come for you. You have to avoid them if you can. If you
can't. play dumb. If that doesn't work... well, forgive me.

dW. Pamela?

PO. | have to go.

Waywards

Aucusr 27

Notes. Pamelahas been recaptured by the police along
with three other members of the so-called "Cult of the Cho-
sen. While thisis good newsinbroad terms.!mshocked and
appalled at the circumstances.

She and six other members, whose names | have not
beengiven, attacked a business retreat near Perth —all the
way across the continent

The details are hazy, but from what | gather on the
news they attacked at dawn, murdering two vacationing
executives outright and taking a dozen more hostage.
They released five of the hostages at noon, but as the
freed prisoners were running away, one of the cultists
opened fire on them fram behind. killing two more. This
outburst was followed by sounds of disagreement and
struggle from within the complex. The police attacked
after nightfall and all but four of the ‘chosen' were killed.
Only two of the remaining hostages survived, and both of
them were badly injured.

Aucusr 28

Notes, | still haven't spoken with Pamela. There is
some question about whether the authorities in Western
australia will let her be moved back here. | did, however.
talk to Detective Slencoe.


| must say, this was the first time Ive seen him look
shaken. He clearly has not been sleeping well. When! com-
mented on it. he said he's been working late trying to track
the cult. He says the more they find. the bigger the whole
thing gets. He says he's traced equipment and money back
to Japan, Saudi drabia and even Mexico City.

The other shock was the violence involved. dpparently
one of the dead cultists —awomannamed Candice Mao —
was torturing the captives beforeher fellow cultists killedher.
She was the one who fired on the retreating hostages. She
was a schoolteacher from Caneton.

Like me, Glencoe is eager to get Pamela back, but for
very different reasons. |want to getherbackinto treatment.
Slencoewants topickher brains forinformationonhergroup.
He says it all depends on whether Pamela took an active
part in the violence. If she was just part of the conspiracy.
they mightletherreturn.Ifshe pulled a triqger.she'lprobably
stay there to stand trial.

Servemper 2

Notes, Pamela is coming back. The police are satisfied
that she cli not take part in the slaughter. | still don't know,
however. if Il be allowed to continue treating her.

Pamela, the flame woman. Candice Mao... this sect
seems to have a number of prominent women members
and female imagery. Is Mao the leader Pamelia described
on dugust 23? Is the cult dominated by its priestesses?

fitis, can Pamelabe the one tastapany more violence?

Sotrrary GonFINEMENT

Relying on other people is risky at the best of times. No
matter how well you know someone and how much you rely
‘on them, something that is important to you is, by definition,
less important to other people. If it needs to be done right,
you need to do it yourself ifatall possible. When you consider
the critical importance of personal safety in the face of the
immense danger of the hunt, it should be obvious that you are
the only person you can rely on.

That would be true even in a world where everyone
was intelligent, dedicated and worthwhile. As it is, the
great bulk of your potential allies are imbeciles. Most of the
blinkered idiots are so hung up on either leaping into the
fray or giving some slavering beast a heart-warming hug
that it's almost impossible to talk to them at the best of
times. Who would want to be burdened with such a
suicidal pack of idiot children in a lethally dangerous
situation? The moronic majority of the chosen can do an
excellent job of wiping each other out, and they'll take you
with them if you give them a chance.

Even if you have enough control over a group of allies to
suppress their tendencies to deal with problems in their own
personal ways — whether that's beating it to a bloody pulp,
asking about its mother or building a fort to keep it out— you
have to remember that your fellows may be too stupid to
react effectively when you need them to. When the pressure
is on, they'll revert to type. If they are as cretinous as most,
they'll screw up in so many ways that they'll be a liability to
you. Add to that the horrendous headaches that being

poe

anywhere near any of them will give you, and it becomes
obvious that it's really not worth the risk.

At the same time, however, you can't afford to go alone
against the Dark Ones. That's even more suicidal than hanging
about with a pack of chosen. Those of us who are dedicated
to the big picture are not suited to front-line combat. We're
strategists, not troops. If | were to stroll up to some blood-
sucker and try to stab it with a wooden stake, | have no doubt
that I'd end up smeared across the walls. | wouldn't even want,
to try attacking something relatively slow, like one of those
shambler things. | am a historian, folklorist and researcher,
not a combatant.

When something dangerous needs to be dealt with
directly, the only answer is to leave that task to the relatively
expendable people on the front lines. The soldier types are
quick to get up close and personal with just about any nasty
thing there is to be dealt with. Whether they want to
slaughter it or save it, they're the ones who've been taken
on toalleviate the problem. We all have our jobs, and theirs
is to go up against the Dark Ones. Ours is to gather and pass
on information, and that does not fit us well to getting
involved in fights. When all is said and done, we betray the
trust of the Shining Ones if we expose ourselves to needless
and pointless risk.

Occasionally, however, you're going to find that you're
caught up in a local situation that needs resolution. It might
be that something impinges on your security or safety, for
example. You may discover a creature whose activities are
so repugnant, far reaching or otherwise revolting that you
need to deal with it as swiftly as possible. What is considered
regretfully tolerable and what is considered utterly unac-
ceptable is always a personal decision, but chances are that
sooner or later, you will find yourself faced with a problem.
The solution depends on your available resources, but
should not include personal involvement. History is crammed
full of stories of people who used clever leverage to achieve
what their personal muscle or influence could not. We can
learn a lot from the ways that various relatively weak but
well-informed ancestors achieved great deeds.

If you have some time to work with and you are in an
area where you know other chosen are active, one of the
best strategies is to fall back on our code. A well-placed
sign outside a haunt or lair describing the creature's
general type, to indicate that the creature is viciously evil,
will draw attention from one of the boy-scout chosen in
the area. You don't necessarily have to rely on a sign
outside a Dark One's home, either. Adding one of the "this
way" directional signs from Witness |'s Unity site can point
out the right direction. If your target lairs somewhere
which is difficult to find, you might want to use an entire
trail of directional signs from a spot where you know local
chosen spend time.

If you've taken the time and effort to search your
local area fully — and | would strongly advise it — then
you should know the mailing addresses of one or more
local chosen. An alternative to convoluted sign trails is to
post details of a creature to other imbued in the area.
Give as much information as you can about it, so as to
make it a more attractive target. Remember to include at


least some of the code on your letter, so that your
recipient knows you're relatively trustworthy. The ‘de-
monic' sign is a good way of stating the urgency of the
situation. Most front-line chosen are far too dumb to
resist such a challenge.

You might also want to forward details of a Dark One
to hunter-net. A wide and frightening variety of extremists
and maniacs subscribe to that forum. Try to suggest that
you're not local to the problem, and that you are too
unsuited to confrontation to take direct action, so that
calls for you to be part of the operation are minimized. The
‘firelight' list is particularly ideal for this sort of call, as it
seems to be where the most militant chosen spend their
time. Remember to give as much information as you can,
so as to be as helpful as possible to anyone who responds
to your problem.

If you'd rather not use the Internet and don't know
where to find any local chosen, place a small ad in the local
paper. A couple of column inches won't cost much more
than $50 and you can include symbols to indicate the type
of Dark One, and an address where it can be found. Most
of the imbued are too wary to go charging into a situation
on the say-so of a small ad, but they might scout out the
situation, and having observed the creature in action, try
to resolve the problem for you. If you do place an ad,
remember to have someone else drop off the copy at the
newspaper Office.

If there are no chosen in your local area, or for
whatever reason you are reluctant to involve any that are
there, then there are still a number of perfectly service-

CHAPTER 3: BRIDGING THE GAP

able options open to you. You just need to use a little
imagination and think laterally. Ask yourself how you
would deal with the situation if you were not one of the
imbued. Plenty of people all across the world manage to
get all sorts of legally dubious things done without any
recourse to Herald-granted abilities, and there's no rea-
son why you can't do the same. Knowledge is power and
information is knowledge.

The most effective way to deal with a situation is to use
non-imbued contacts that are accustomed to dealing with
unusual problems. Fyodor, for example, has emergency ac-
cess through family connections to a pool of operatives that
he can draw on worldwide to provide quite extreme levels of
aggression. They can also provide a wide range of equipment
and assorted substances of greater or lesser legality. If you
have some way of drawing upon a go-between or group of
highly trained professionals, that is the swiftest way to
neutralize most Dark Ones.

However, you don't necessarily have to restrict your-
self to having agents at your beck and call. If the creature
in question is tough but not particularly sophisticated in its
apparent abilities, simple weight of numbers should be
enough to deal with it. In that instance, it should be
possible to obtain the services of a number of violent
young men for a fairly small amount of money. If you know
your way around the criminal subculture (which | do not),
then you probably know which bars to go to and which
people to pay in order to get some thugs to take care of
your target. Remember to be careful though, as those are
dangerous waters. A cheaper and slightly safer option —


HUNTER BOOK: HERME

which has worked for me — is to go into a trucker's bar
late at night and claim that you need help getting back ata
crack addict who raped your daughter. You might be
surprised at the ease with which a vigilante mob can be
assembled, with some judicious acting.

If you need more extensive help, you might be able to
perform certain services for an unpleasant organization in
return for its aid. The ability to see at a distance is very
valuable to the world of organized crime. While career
criminals are repugnant and offensive on all levels, it may
be that they are very much the lesser of two evils if you
need help destroying a monster that does something more
despicable, such as killing children. Obtaining the access
codes for a safe can serve as payment for assistance in
wiping outa serious threat. Reports suggest, however, that
once you're involved with such elements it may be very
difficult to liberate yourself, and there must be all sorts of
problems and dangers that | have no idea about. So use the
criminal world only if you feel you have the expertise
required to handle it.

{t is typically safer to work within the law. We are all
bound by the laws of the countries in which we live. We are
required to work for and within the system. So it seems only
fair to turn the tables once in a while and make the system
work for you. The danger of going to the authorities is that
they might be under the control of dark forces, so you're
wise to observe the authorities before you turn to them, to
check for signs of taint, or for links back to the very creature
that you oppose.

You can minimize your exposure by keeping yourself
‘one step removed from the actual process of investigation.
The police and the other investigative bodies are used to
working from anonymous tip-offs. One of the simplest
options is to spend some time studying the activities of a
creature — cautiously, because it may be able to perceive
you — and making extensive notes on its activities. Every
time it commits a serious crime, jot down as much infor-
mation as you can, such as exact location, exact time and
what it did to clean up afterward. Compile a dossier on its
actions, include, if possible, an address where it can be
found, and post the information to a seemingly clean
detective at the local station. Modern forensics is incred-
ible. Even old, cleaned crime-scenes can yield enough
evidence to warrant an arrest. The creature might pose a
danger to officers, but the police, like militant imbued,
choose to be in the front lines.

If a Dark One is actively engaged in the criminal
underworld, you might be able to lure it into a sting
operation. Setting up a significant drug purchase and in-
forming the police once you've done so (again, anonymously)
should be an effective way of making the local area too
dangerous for a creature, hopefully terminally so. The
same sort of thing can be attempted with stolen goods,
prostitution rings, protection rackets and illegal labor
scams. Again, | offer up the same sort of disclaimers as
earlier — there must be all sorts of codes, procedures and
other inner workings of criminal society that | know
nothing about, so | advise staying away from that side of
things unless you know your way around.

A middle ground, perhaps, lies in setting up some
sort of frame-up of a Dark One. | understand that there
are plenty of places both on and off the net where one
can order all sorts of items from foreign or off-shore
companies, many of which are illegal here in the US,
perhaps even grossly so. You might be able to supply
such items yourself or have contacts that can do so.
Failing that, it should be possible to arrange to have such
items delivered to your prey, or to break into its lair
(personally or by proxy) and deposit them there. One
excellent option is to legally purchase a dangerous
firearm, then send it to or plant it ona target and report
the individual as having stolen it. You can project your
senses, check on the item's location, make detailed
notes and then inform any group, organization or indi-
vidual who you think might respond.

You can get far greater respect and assistance from
the police if you risk taking the step of becoming known
to them as an informant. Every cop on the street knows
the value of having a good source of inside information,
and none of them would dream of asking a snitch to testify
or offer proof. A certain amount of time spent surveying
common criminals at work and making notes will give you
a detective's ear. Modern fiction suggests that the best
way to become known is to pass information about a
crime that the police already investigate, but the public
knows nothing of it. Then follow up with information the
police do not have but that they can verify relatively easily
—a place soon to be burgled or the location ofa stash or
a body. Claiming that you have a loose-lipped relative or
lover peripherally involved in the underworld should at
least give you an excuse to have such information. It
seems plausible enough to me, anyway. They probably
won't believe your alibi, but if you're accurate, they won't
care. Whatever you do, don't claim to be psychic. Re-
member that Shoemaker idiot.

Once you've convinced the police that you're in the
know but not involved (relaying information on two or
three obviously unrelated crimes), they'll be quick to act
on other tips you give them. You'll have to become known
to at least one cop to achieve this, and you'll need some
good, glib answers of some sort about why you're helping
and how you know. Remember to base them on your core
excuse for having information. With time and effort you
can build a working relationship with the local precinct. At
that stage, information about your troublesome creature
is more likely to be acted upon. Just be very sure you don't
expose yourself to Renfields, possessed officers or other
servants of darkness.

fall else fails, you might play two groups of Dark Ones
against each other. The hunter-net list seems to be of the
opinion that the darkness is consumed by internal rivalry and
feuding. That can be used, perhaps. If your problem creature
could reasonably impinge on the interests of other Dark
Ones in the area, senda dossier of its activities to the others
rather than to the police, criminal elements or local chosen,
Typed transcripts are always an excellent form of evidence
that you don't need to be on site to obtain — they look
convincing, they sound convincing, and if a few details


happen to be inaccurate or downright deceitful, who's going
to prove you wrong?

You can even return the compliment and inform the
Dark One you're trying to get rid of that others are
planning to get rid of it. That should add fuel to the fire. In
desperation, you could even commit certain inflammatory
acts yourself, and then inform both sides that the other
side did it. If you can locate a Dark One that seems more
or less reasonable, or that's prepared to deal with you for

CHAPTER 3: BRIDGING V HE GAP

some reason, you can try an open and honest dialog. That
is perhaps the quickest way to resolve the situation, but
you have to keep your wits and your defenses up at all
times so you are not compromised or otherwise influ-
enced. Dark ones can make very useful allies if you can find
common ground to deal with them. The sage himself has
foreseen it happening, so do not discount the option out
of hand. So long as you are strong-willed and clever,
everything should be fine.



are vanity.

— Job 7:16

Tue Funerion oF rie CHosen

Journat, Day Ywenvy Seven

Been a while Since | wrote in here. Nothing much has been
going on. 1 'Ve been doing alot of work, trying to get my Finances
im shape after taking off after all that weird stubf, Quinn
Weathers isn't doing shit, and that woman who was with hin
seems +o have leF4. The Mexican woman shows up now ard again,
but haven + been able. +0 follow her qood enough +o really Figure
out what she's doing. No sign of the. qray haired woman. | know
she's important though. | can just feel it

christ, * \ can just Feel it." Sounds like "rm Falling in love,
like some whiny teenager.

took a drive. out by Cuidad Juarez and looked over the wreckage,
of the old ranch. Some. grin-locking Mexicans are rebuilding it.

I dont know. I thought about telling Curt and Ramona and
them about the ranch. But uhat if i+'s really Finished For good?
\didn + qo in and check it out aqain. Shit, \know it 's not Finished.
Not with Gray Hair still around. But, Steve, he went in there. with
uns and bombs and all kinds of crap, and that was pretty much
awash.\mean, ahalf-dozen people with quns and bombs go in there
and one. qua gets out? And if \hadn + been there. to bal him out,
that quy wouldn + have. gotten far, not in the desert in daylight.

Maybe \'m not being Sair. They did kill at least three things.
Atleast. And there. 's no way of Knowing how many of the qofers
they got. But it wasn + enough, So what's curt 's gang gonna
do? Send in Reeve 's dogs?

Tloathe it; I would not live alway: let me alone; for my days

Shit. There 's not anything we can do, not realistically, not
uhile theyre all holed up out there in the middle of the desert.
But | feel like I've got to do something.

Journat, Day Y weary Etcuy

Curt eft me a message, at the. grocerk store.- one of the.
signs that means a chance or something like that. dust that,
and the words call ne." Welt, ahis not? know who sent it, 1 guess,
No one else is qoing to know what i+ means. Sol paged him, gave
him a phone booth number, \'m" Mr. Payphone * still

What he told me, just about knocked me an my ass. He's been
busy, but not hunting critters. He took a page from me and had
everyone. in his crew - and Ramona's bunch too - hang Signs all
over the place. They ve picked up four more like us all along the
border and in Texas and New Mexico. Not just that, he's got a
project - a tou called Brinsburg.

One of the new recruits is From Brinsburg and she says the
place. is just thick with dead things. When Curt went in +0 look
around, he Sound out she wasn + kidding. W just an afternoon of
driving around, he Spotted three, and Brinsburg isnt big.

Sohe asked if1wanted inon it, fi wanted tohelp, And really,
i don +, but | quess |'m supposed +0. So | told hin 1d qo out
Fomorrou). Hell, maybe. the things will be less active on a Sunday.

Servemeer 4
€W. Hello, Pamela. How are you doing?
PO. That's a stupid question,
W. Illbe more specific then. Has the Haldal helped?
PD. Helped! what?

aA


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

@W. Have you had any hallucinations since... well, any
this month?

PD.No.

aW. Sood. Do yau—

PD, | haven't had any hallucinations this month. any
more than | was hallucinating before.

aW. Pamela, we're not going to make any progress if
yourefuse toacknowledgewhatwe did before Iknowyoure
confused. |know other people put alot of pressure on you—

PDI don't think this is going ta do any good. |don't even
know why talking to you.

aW. Maybe because you secretly suspect I'm right?

PD, | wish you were right, but | Know youre not. Youre
living alie.€s much as | want to. can't. Not ever

€W, Because you've had your eyes opened? Because
youre one of the chosen?

PD, Your saying the words. but you have no idea what
they mean

@W, Why don't you explain it to me?

PD, | can't explain! | can't tell a deaf man what music
sounds like, can I? It's just the same with you! Youll never
understand — oratleast pray that younevercia!You should
never have ta da what | do!

dW. What do you have to do, Pamela?

PD, Inherit the Garth.

@W. Inherit the Barth? Inherit it fram whom?

PQ. From therm! From homie things you can't magne. From
evenyiindafhariblenight mare onkyreal Theyrealrealanditheyve
been here forages and they Know allabout people. Theyvebeen
moiding us forcentunes. Were thersheen,. dnd you, youand that
detectiveare therrsheepciags. Whenalamastrays fram the flac,
the two of you fide it back into Ine with the others. You can't
Understand what's realy going on any more than a clog under-
stands sheanng or knows where lamb chops come fram.

QW. Nightmare things like Katrina Richards? Like the
guests at that party?

PO, Youcan't understand...

aW. Pamela, know youcanbehonest with me.It'shard,
but! Know youre brave enough to doit! You didit before and
you canagain. You trusted me before and you were getting
better. You can do that again. You can trust me!

PD, Oh. trust you. know you would never hurt me. But you
can't help me. because youd have ta be crazy to believe me.

dW. Tryme.

PD, There's no point...

€W. Soyou'e giving up before youeven begin? Yourea
smart woman. You believe these things. If you can't per-
suademe. shouldn't youat least consider the possibility that
youre mistaken? | promise you. if you make your case rea-
sonably, Ill consider the possibility that Im wrong,

PD. You'll never believe me!

@W.lFthatsyourexcuse fornottelingme.thenican thejpyou.

PD. Fine. You want ta Know? You really want to Know?
Okay, hereitis. Sod dicin't make theuniverse. Hejabbeditaut
50 He wouldn't get His hands cirty. The workmen cut some
comers, s0 instead of a perfect world we get one that's
constantly falling apart.

as

When Sod saw what a bungie the word was. He turned
upHis nose and went away. Heleft rules to keep the warldin
balance. butatieastoneof themwasignoredorjuststopped
working, so now everythingis ruined. Things were supposed
torepeat like the seasons. But because the worldis broken,
it's more like a downward spiral

It'slike Sod's left the phoneoff thehook. Bventhe things
thatare suppased tabekeeping the wordantrackare inthe
dark. But the powers that ruin and destroy — the ones who
were intended to just keep everything else from growing
unchecked — are breaking loose all over the place. The uni-
verse is destroying more than it's creating.

That's where the chosen come in. We're supposed to
get one more cycle out of the universe. Bverything we know
— civilization, history. maybe all life — will be destroyed. The
question is, will the word have enough momentum ta sur-
vive or willlit all just stop?

€W, If these beings are so powerful, why don't they
simply set things night themselves?

PD. | don't know.

Hennine He Messace

Quantity, unfortunately, will usually beat quality. The most
notable exception is probably in cooking. It doesn't matter how
much red wine you have available, if you're stuck with an inferior
Beaujolais Nouveau, your Cog au Vin will taste worse than if you
usea decent Merlot, and you only wanta glass or two ofitin your
sauce either way. That, however, is by the by — for most
situations, volume will outweigh other considerations. There is
more profit to be made in selling large quantities of goods at low
margin, for example, which is why malls and supermarkets
flourish. Ten slow laborers building a house will beat a fast one.
By the same token, twenty of us looking at the same problem will
come up with more solutions than one brilliant one. Itonly works
if everyone has exactly the same information, though, ifeveryone
is dealing with the same issues. If not, it's twenty people
considering twenty different problems. The way to the future is
for all of us to be looking at the same problem.

‘That means we all need to have the same information. It
is not until we start sharing our knowledge, visions, dreams and
hints from the Shining Ones as fully as possible that we're going
to be able to start working together rather than at cross-
purposes. Information is almost alive. It grows stronger and
more vital as it gets more concentrated. Bring enough random
bits of material together and suddenly connections start leaping
from one to another, like synapses in the brain. At a certain
critical point, called the Gestalt, what was a soup of fragments
flashes into full realization as a body of facts, an item in its own
right. In that moment, you gain a field of knowledge that can be
worked, interrogated, trained and grown, to give you the
resources you need. That is the principle upon which all
scientific thought is based — that any fragment might prove a
vital key at some place and time, so all knowledge is desirable
and worth pursuing. It is scientific thought that has taken us
from mewling savages cowering in firelit caves to the point
where we are powerful and knowledgeable enough to track,
confront and on occasion beat the darkness.

We, the special chosen, are all repositories of fragmen-
tary knowledge. The Shining Ones feed us hints and whispers,
dreams and shadows, momentary visions and temporary


grails, Occasionally, a clear word or phrase wells up from the
howling maelstrom of the babble. The fragments that we
possess need to be brought together so that we each have a
chance of building toward the Gestalt. When we can bring
enough bits and pieces together in our collective minds, we
will be able to obtain the answers, instructions and strategic
directions that the chosen so desperately need.

| have said before that it is vitally important to record every
fragment of information that comes your way from the Shining
Ones. As in the scientific method, you have to assume that no
snippet is too small, meaningless, local or obscure to be worth-
less. As important, however, is making sure that your records
and notes are circulated to others in the same situation. The
information has to flow between those of us who are burdened
with the babble, and it has to flow as freely as possible. By passing
material and examining it, we make sure that we all work on the
same problems, and the chance of finding an answer to any
specific question becomes significantly greater. It is the only clear
way to move forward with any chance of hope.

There is one important factor that | believe will play a
significant role in the times to come. | have started to see signs
that the babble may be growing clearer as my understanding of
the Shining Ones deepens. Certainly, some of their pronounce-
ments seem to hold clearer hints and suggestions than they
used to —as if the babble itself is just on the verge of becoming
comprehensible. Recently, | have perceived a few more com-
ments and fragments from within the howl than | would
normally expect to, and at times | have felt as if the babble itself
might atany moment become clear, allowing me to make sense
of the individual voices within it. | believe that when the time
comes for the true fight, when the darkness makes itself known
and the mask is ripped from the eyes of humanity, as the sage
has foreseen, the static and confusion that stops us from
hearing the Shining Ones will also be removed.

What we chosen currently do is prepare for the real battle
that's to come. We are honing our skills and strategies, learning
about our enemies and their weaknesses, pruning the dead
wood from within our ranks and whittling their numbers down
abit. It should be obvious to all concerned that there is no way
we could ever win this struggle as things stand. There justaren't
enough of us to deal with all of them. The true battle will start
‘once the Lords of the Dark awaken, and the truth of our world
isrevealed toall, not just the chosen. Then our role will change,
and wewill be the backbone of mankind's armies in the fast fight.
The Earth we are about to inherit will be a war-torn place of

desperate struggle, not a new utopia.

That's when the babble will prove truly invaluable. At the
Moment, we receive pain most of the time, butit's like a radio
—even if you are tuned to the correct wavelength, you only
get static unless a station is broadcasting. The Shining Ones
will provide us with direction and strategic guidance when we
need it most, when we are faced with the oldest, most
dangerous forces of darkness and their armies. We need to
assemble as much knowledge as possible from the back-
ground information that they pass to us now, because there

may not be time for detailed briefings once the war begins.

That's why it's so important that we pool our information
now, before things become critical. There is much information
we will need that is being passed to us, but for various reasons
already discussed, we lose much of it in the babble. There may

CHAPTER 4: DESTINY LOST

be no time for the Shining Ones to re-transmit that informa-
tion, and if we cannot piece the core of it back together now,
we may find that we lack vital knowledge in how to combat our
enemy. By working together now, before the world changes,
we have a chance of being as prepared as we can be. That is so
absolutely fundamental that even pointing it out seems redun-
dant, but | know how dim some people can be.

When the static that prevents us from hearing and
understanding the Shining Ones fades, the babble will no
longer be a painful howl. It will become a towering whirlwind
of knowledge that sweeps us up from our petty everyday
concerns. It will blow right through us, whipping around us
with its glory, transforming everything that we know and are
— a pillar of wisdom, carrying the knowledge and wisdom of
the Shining Ones to us on the radiant winds. There's nothing
that we have to do to bring this about; nothing, in fact, that we
could possibly do to stop it, even if we wanted to. The future
is coming, and all we have to do is stay alive.

Journat, Day Twenry Hine

Brinsburg is Sucked. \+'s one of those little fea's-ass
touns that qrows up around a gas station on the highwak and
eventually gets a factory. Only in this case the factory was
sloppy and spilled mercury into-+he groundwater. Bunch of people
got sick, died, moved away. Oniy the dumb ones stayed, | quess.
That's before i got haunted.

| got a headache the minute | crossed the city limits, dust
dewving around, i+ Seit tke Someone. was beating my head like a druns.
| Started looking hard - not with the newspaper, but just really
paying attention +o see what | could see - because half +he people
in town locked dead aiready, and they werent the wrongers. They
were, just Skinnt, Sick looking nonual Folks. The neal dead Sit right in

tm getting to be a Sucking pro at reading my headaches.
Ht took me right +o the old, closed-down Factory. halt expected
it when | remembered akere \°d heard © Brinsburg* before. The
rest of them are probably too young +o remember, except
mauve Sor Reeve or Anthony.

That's where the wrongers were. \looked in with a paper and
counted Five of them before one looked up and | got spooked
\ think | saw enough anyhow. They were cleaning off the machinery
and messing around with the fuse boxes.

Ave they trying +o revive a dead factory? 4 doesn + make
much sense. +0 me, but | Ve been living a nats life, Since. day one.

leouldn ‘+ stag near the Factory too tong - not witht that
many wrongers around. | looked around some more and Found a
couple more - some. near city hall, Sone in the. graveyard. At this
rate Brinsburg is going +o have more. dead Folks in i+ han living.

lpaged curt when i got home, and he was pretty darn spooked
about the. factory. He thanked me and wanted to know if +he.
* Messengers" said anything. \ told him they hadn "+, | ques,

Lasked what he was going to do. He was qoing to talk to
+he others and see, what they thought. \ asked if he. was going
to put up something in the grocery store, or if 1 should page him
or what. He. Said | Should page him tomorrow at six. That way he'd
know i+ was me and he could Fil oe in
Jounnat, Day Taiery

\ got to hand it 40 Curt, i Sounds like he's doing a bang
up job. He Said he Sent in Ramona, Anthony, Gina and Reeve, alon
with Some new quy Srom Mexico called davier-* soft touches,
he calls them, except for Reeve, who went along in case things

a &


R BOOK : HERMIT

went South. They managed to Spot a lone. thing at City Hall and
talked to hin. without nim going nats. \ don know how they did
i+, but | quess Ramona and this davier quy were able +o make him
break down and cry. Then he started talking crazy. Now, Yoni got
a third hand version of what this thing Said, but one. part 's loud
and clear: The deaders in the Factory want to poison everyone
in town, just the way they got poisoned. it's set Sor the (Sth,
so curt's crew has three days to take care of this thing.

I wish | coud help them more, but with ten balancers and a ton
of urongers around | probably wouldn "+ be able +o Spell m4 oun name,
esus. f it £alls apart, how an.\ even going +o know ulto sunvived?
Journat, Day Tumvy One

Curt has been working that computer thing and he's got
+wo more coming in tomorrow, Meantime, the hard core - Lanny,
Reeve, curt ard these. two wonen | never net - are going to qo
see if they can pick off some of the things in the Sactory. Curt
was talking about burning it down, said that might be their tink
with the past that was Keeping then stuck. | 4old him good luck
- it's all metal and glass.

Journat, Day Taiery Two

They took doun three ~ two * dumb ones" and one. * boss
one," whatever the hell that means. | didn + know critters had
ranks, but apparently Some. are. worse. than others. One of the
women Sounds like She went seriously nuts. But Curt said the
* boss" was the thing that killed her daughter. So this woman
got her revenge but broke an arm doing +.

Jounnat, Day Taiery Vanes

No word Srom Curt. \ paged him a bunch of times, but
nothing. Same with Ramona's cell. Fuck. | should have. gone.

No, that's bullshit. LP1'd gone | wouldn "+ have been able to
doa dann thing. \'d just have died too. But christ, why do people.
keep trying +his Hollywood shit? You just can + win.

Sounnat, Day Tunmry Four

desus. None of them died. Not a single, one. Curt was
unconScious when | was paging him, and Ramona 's cell phone. got
busted. That's all. They ‘re all alive. They're hurt, but they ‘re
alive. And the critters are stopped.

Curt wasn + real clear on the details, but he said they Sound
out the truck the things were. going to hijack, got the driver there.
late, and redirected another truck there. The things wound up
Arning +0 poison the toun with thousands of gallons of milk. The
entters went apeshit and started tearing each other apart.

When hung up,\suddenly had +s image inmyhead.\+hink Ht means
working together or teanuiork or some grade-Schook shit like Hat,

But this is what we 're supposed to be doing, | +hmk. Curt and
Ramona, Reeve and Gina... they did it just right. Mabe me +00.

Damn. When | called him, \ could hear people laughing in the
background. | wish | could have made it +o the party,

1
Tue Furure
Servewsen 7

PD. Welcome back, Doctor.

W. Thank you. How are you feeling?

PD. My arms and shoulders hurt fram when the nurses
grabmetohold medown.Mymouthis sore from when they

forced it open. And my throat feels kind of scratchy fram
when they shove the pill dawn. Thanks for asking.


@W, Would you prefer it if they drugged your food?

PD. Id stop eating. at least. | think | would.

OW, What good would that do?

PO, I don't know. But I can't take lithium.

@W, It seems to work better for you than Halcol. You've
had fewer episodes since you went onit. right?

PO, That's ridiculous! When I'm on that crap, |can barely
see or feel or think, If you just killec| me Id never have an
episode again. Wouldn't that be the perfect cure?

AW. Pamela, I'd love to regulate your medication to a
level you're more comfortable with, but until you stop fight-
ing the therapy. | can't do that in good conscience.

PO. dh. Now! getit. "admit that youlied tame and!iistap
poisoning you"

@WImgadtohearyouexpresssomehonestemation.even
ifitismisdinectedangeratme ifyoucoUddinectthatsamepassion
atgettingbetter, wecouidmekerealprogress — thekindwemade
backinJuiy Not toolongagayouwerewiingtoworkshandongeting
@good hold on realty again. What happened?

PD, |saw the truth. Remember the web! told uouabout?
About the points on it where things are still? Well, Ispent the
lastmonthinand out of those points. Sometimesit's venystill
and clear and | can almost understand everything. Other
times. it's very, very noisy. | finally Know what thenoiseis. It's
the sound of the world falling apart.

The wonidisiike a car heading forice. If we'd turned ar hit
thebrakes sooner, maybe wecouldhaveavoidedit, butnow
it's tao late. Our only hope is to cane the bags out of it anc
hope to get through to the other side. If we delay now. we'll
just end up stuck forever,

QW. This ‘ice' metaphor That's thesame thing as theanni-
hilation and stasis embodied in Mrs. Richards and the others?

PO, Iquess so.

@W.Yousoundeclawtulysureofourselfa fewmomentsaga.

PO In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.

GW. lliked it better when we first met. You'd talk straight
tome. Now you just throw out convoluted metaphors and
tired aphorisms.

PD, You won't have to put up with it much longer.

aW. Oh?

PO. Like | told you before. it's all camming to an end.

dW. Youmean this. .. this grand finale, possibly the end
ofall humanity?

PO. Yes.

QW. If that's so, why don't you take your medicine? If
everything is hopeless anyway. why not give in? Oo you
think you can escape again?

PD. | guess not.

@W. are you going to continue to fight the nurses?

PO. I don't know. Maybe you're right. Maybe there's not
much point to it

Notes, dnexhausting session today Just going toseeher
in that jail is depressing enough. but | feal fixe the spark of
inteligence and potential | saw in her just two months ago is
dimming before my eyes. Taday she agreed ta stop resisting
hermecication. Maybeit's positive. Maybeit incicatesa desire
toheal at some level, But it feels more like pure despair ta me.

Sich oF Yuincs 10 Come

The time that is to come will be extremely frightening for
everyone. No one truly likes violent and unpredictable change
at the best of times, particularly not when it is obvious that life,
future and sanity areall under immediate threat of obliteration.
| would imagine that even the Dark Ones are, for the most part,
going to be scared and confused. For the majority of the
Population, safe and complacent in their self-absorbed worlds,
it's going to be the most horrendous and terrifying nightmare
they will have ever had. One way or another, it will kill most of
them. Those religious fanatics who wander the streets preach-
ing about Judgment Day are in for a rather rude awakening
when they discover that the Horsemen of the Apocalypse have
fangs and run the local police force.

The most immediate effect is naturally going to be the
dissolution of society's power structures. No one is going to
work when the world is about to end. All of the old regimes
and patterns of life that we're so used to are going to be swept
away. Mass transportation will fail as power and gas compa-
nies stop supplying. The inner cities are going to erupt in a
blaze of anarchy as people riot for food, but government will
have collapsed, and there will be no one to stop the violence
— except for hunger and thirst, that is. We have concen-
trated most of our population in cities, relying on transportation
of food from rural areas. People in cities will turn to cannibal
first, and then most will starve. Rural communities should
survive, until heavily armed marauders come to take over or
until the darkness swallows the country.

We, the chosen, will finally be liberated from the oppres-
sion of the masses, but it will hardly be a glorious freedom. It's
going to bea period of horror and nightmare, and even wewill
look back upon our lives now as a golden age, despite the
terror of being chosen. My hope and belief is that once the
masses can perceive the darkness, we will be able to present
our credentials to the remains of the military machine ina way
they can understand qualifies us to lead the fight against the
monsters. Armed might is the greatest bargaining chip during
anarchy, and we will need to stay alive, to have food and
shelter, if we are to go about our business.

We must harden our hearts against the plight of the
majority of mankind. There is nothing that we can do to save
them. It's too late. If they had been more worthy they would
have been chosen as we have. They have not, and we cannot
afford to give them priority over us. They are not equipped to
fight for the world. Many of them will die in terror and agony,
and that is sad, but it's also the way it has to be. All that could
be done has been. If, as a species, we had been less bullying, less
greedy, less insensitive, less hostile, then maybe... butwe were
not. Mankind has called judgment down upon its own head.

There is a lot that our species has to atone for. We have
pillaged the Earth. Advanced societies have raped those
weaker, smaller or more naive than our own, leaving them in
poverty, all in the name of greed. We have polluted the air,
land and sea and driven countless species to extinction
without a moment's thought. We have driven our own
weather system beyond possible repair. We have strip-
mined, slash-burned and over-farmed everything we could,
always assuming that someone else would clean up our mess
later. We have allowed commercial interests to destroy our
morals and our ethics to the point that vandalism and robbery

a =


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

is not only common, but acceptable as "teenage high spirits."
Humanity has been so grossly complacent about what has
happened around it that we haven't even stopped to look.

Our species has committed every sin that there is to be
committed, smiling cheerfully all along. Now it has to pay the
price. Don't tell me you feel sorry for them or feel they
deserve to be spared.

Serremper

AW, Pamela? How are you today?

PD. Hello.

AW. dre you feeling better?

PO. Better? | guess so.

dW. Haveyouseenanything?|mean,anythingunusual?

PD.No.@xceptwhen!masieep,!|guess.!mnotsure. Just
dreams. | think,

dW, What do youmean. you think theyre just dreams?
malittle confused.

PD. I'm alittle confused, too. Bveryone acts like there's
asleep and awake and theyre two different things. But
sometimes youre half asleep. Like watching TV. Youre not
reallly thinking, you're not awake, but youre not reallly sleep-
ing, either. Or when you sleep. but you dream youre lying
awakeinbed. Howdoyouknowyourenctrealiylyingawake
in bed? Until you wake up.

@W. What sorts of dreams have you been having?

PD. It's hard ta remember. | think maybe | was dreaming
about the tumors, Oneofthemmgrabbedme. That''swherelgat
that round burn, from where it grabbed me with one of its...
what do you call, ike a leg on an octopus? | used to know.

€W. What happened in your dream?

PO.) dreamed about them nursing their children. Sleep-
ing with their husbands.

€W. Really? What clo you think that means?

PD. It was horrible. | don't want to think about it.

@W. Did it surprise you to see these supposedly evil
beings acting ina matemal fashion?

PD, You don't understand. It was the children they were
after all the time.

AW. | don't understand.

PO. Theycouidn tcome throughbeforebecause therewas
awall,butit'sgonenaw.dnd theystillcouidin tcome throughunti
someonegave themabody.andnaonewanted tagiveup their
body for a tumor. But there was a loophole. Because the Bible
says that a husband and wife wil be "flesh of one flesh. So the
husbands could offer their wives' bodies to the tumors.

dW. Why would they do such a thing?

PD. The tumors made promises. Said they'd be better.
The men couldn't see the tumors for what they were. They
thought they were just demons, that they were just selling
their Souls. just bargaining their wives away for money or
Power or sex. Succubi. Those are the sex demons. That's
what they thought they were getting.

AW. Doyoureally think men woulddosuchahomile thing?

PO, Men discard their older wives for young ones all the
time. This is just the next step. The tumors wanted to come in
and they offered tobe perfect wives. beautiful just forachance
toexist Butthemenwere fooled What thetumorsrealywanted

aT ~~


was children. Because children always want to please their
Monsters. Imean. theirmathers. Theylido what theyre told.ds
long as the tumars are in the wives, they have ta be what the
Mensee themas. Theyhave to live out their succubus lies. But
when the children givein to them, they|l be completely free.

Notes, Perhaps one reason I've been so involved in
Parmela'scaseis the wayitspeaks tomyownparentalissues.
Herimage of cosmic tumors stifiing their children and stealing
their existence is fnghteningly close to my own resentment
toward my mother for her rejection of my lifestyle choices,

The more Pamela descends into her maciness and ac-
ceptsit. the more horrified, hopeless andnihilisticsheseems
tobecome. In all her talk of her ‘purpose' and "mission," she
regards herself as a minor tool in the hands of uncaring.
Supenor powers. lam more sure than ever that those forces
are her parents, trying to fit her into some undesired con-
formist role — just as her "succubus tumors" [who are
upper-middie-class women like her awn mother) seek to
steal the identities of their children.

tii have ta share this insight with Detective Slencoe, if
‘only toleam how common this attitude is amnang the other
chosen they've apprehended. How much of this parental
rejection is indoctrination by the cult, and how much comes
from her own experience?

How vo Ger Tere

Journal, Dav Yunvy Five
it's been another long time since | wrote in here. | haven +
been doing much. Watching Sor Quinn and the Mexican woman, but
nothing much going on with either one. Ve been thinking about
tipping curt and his * Texas Ten" about Quinn, but Um not sure
it'd be @ good idea. Quinn doesn + seem +o be hurting anything
Figtt now. | think the ten of them could ake him down, but is +
worth it if he kills a couple of them in the process? There Seem
tobe more monsters all the time. Balancers are. alimited resource.

Talked to Ramona. She still wants my phone number. | 'm sill
Saying no way. But it Sounds Ihe she's making Some Slow progress
aith that old quis and Wis Sucked up Family. And the whole crew
8 working Brinsburg. The Spooks there haven t got leadership
anyuore, but there's stil weirdness going on. Sometimes +hey
need the Soft touch, Sometimes +hey have +o send in Lanny. But
it's under control, knock on wood.

Jounnat, Day Tannry Six

Tried +0 page Curt, but We. didn + call back. Called Ramona and
she's gomg crazy. Curt has jus+ up and vanished. No one knows where
he went or ular he's doing, but they Ve been locking all over for hin

\got some phone numbers From her and talked to Reeve and
Laung, Thea said the last time they talked to him, he was planning
to take: a look at Cuidad Juarez.

Shit. | should have wamed hin. But Hf had, he probably woud
have. gone in a lot Sooner. Hell, maybe before Brinsburg, and now the.
siiole town would be. dead. Or mane. he, would have. gone. in coith iis
eyesopen and Some Friends and they would have Sinished what Steve
aid his tnucklehead buddies started. Shit. No wax of knowing.

Dhat ever happened +o the harmony | aas uriting about just
acouple pages back? Everyone was working together. Bverytimg
as going great. Now the leader just up and disappears and \ "nm

+the only one who knows where - me, the worthless one who can +
do anything about i+ without getting blinded b4 pain.

Well, | can (ook around at least. | owe him that much. Maybe
\ should call the rest of them and Sess up +o what | know,

Human or SupcrHuMAN

Journat, Day Tuimry Seven

\ met Cray Hair at last.

('d gone out +o the ranch during the middie of the day, dust
Fo look around. Fiqured|'d be safe enough. Nope. Don + knowhow
they Spotted me. Doesnt matter. They Sent normal folks out
+o take me doun - a man and a woman, looked like brother and
sister. They had rifles and dogs. They took me. inside.

Curt' alive, out ust barely. They Ve been torturing hin b4
daly and letting the boss things have their way with nin by wight.
\ almost got the same treatment - one of the. things, who | 've
never seen beSore, pointed me. out +o Gray Hair and Said | was
the quy from the phone booth, no doubt about it.

So they tied me. up ina chair. Gray Hair wanted to know if
we were hutwan or not. | told her | quessed we. were, She wanted
+o know how we could do what we do. | said | didn ‘+ know.

Then one.of the critters started talking all kinds of crazy shit
-+the kind of crap Steve was into, about UFOS and the government.
dst stupid shit, but | quess that's what Curt was telling them.
Tough bastard,| ve got to qive it +0 hin. They weren + sure. if they
Should believe i+, but they were certain that Curt believed it. Gue
they'd never seen their torture Sail on anyone before.

\told them that if they let me take Curt and go, \'d keep
the others away Srom them. They just laughed. Said that if they
let us go, we'd just lead the others back +o them Sor another
attack. What could tsa to that? Grau Hair was right.

That was when everything went crazty

thadn + been at my best already, with the headache, So |
quess that's why \didn + Seel the others approaching. + worked
out pretty good, \ quess. | mean, Gray Hair's Folks were
distracted interrogating me when Ramona and Lanny and the
rest of them charged across the desert. Nothing Subtle, just
nine pissed off people in jeeps and trucks, Siring flares and
shotquns. The Sucking cavalry.

The critters ran. They tried to take me, and Curt with then,
but Curt did something that pushed them back somehow. Some
trick he'd leaned from one of the others, | ques. He couldn +
have kept them back forever, and he couldn + do anything to the.
pure humans, but it gave us a breather. len the explosion went
off, they started to panic. Bad memories rom last time lquess.

Turns out +he big bang was their cum dann landing. + killed
Anthony, Cina and Ramona. | Spent a qood Fifteen minutes
trying to get out of my chair. \eould hear more. guntire and Sone
welling. When the dust cleared it tumed out that no one had
gotten hit on either side.

We burned down the ranch - again - and went hone.. | +hink
Reeve put the bodies in the fire.

Worray 4x0 Uxworviy

All philosophical and ethical considerations aside, the
most important factor in weighing the relative importance of
the chosen with the rest of humanity is our relative worth in
the fight. It's a matter of resource allocation, nothing more,

a Ss

HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

nothing less. The chosen are the most vital resource in the
war against the darkness, the ones who have the defenses to
resist the mind-altering powers of the Dark Ones, the ones
who have the wisdom and understanding to work against
them, the ones who have the power and strength to hunt the
Dark Ones down like the beasts they are. We have to take
priority. Our abilities and talents make us the most vital
resource there is, and that means that we have to place the
highest possible importance upon our own survival.

Wecannotafford to get sentimental about the masses. Most
of themare worthless even at the best of times —skilled perhaps
in weaseling out of commitments and contracts, or in providing
indifferent service with a mocking sneer — but dead weightin the
struggle against the Dark Ones. We have to accept that they are
going to die in the billions, and there is nothing that we can— or
indeed should — to stop it. People with knowledge, combat
training, medical experience or craft or engineering skills are
going to be extremely important in the war. Middle managers,
lawyers, corporate apologists, paper pushers, receptionists and
burger-flippers are going to be almost no use at all.

There are going to be a lot of civilian casualties. Anarchy,
starvation and the darkness will all take huge tolls on the
population. In fact, there are going to bea lot of civilian casualties
lying in heaps in the streets. That is not something we can afford
ourselves the luxury of really acknowledging. It will drive youmad
if you let yourself think about it too much. The chosen are more
important, We are stronger, better suited to win the war, better
suited to trying to rebuild things afterward. Without us, every-
‘one on the planet will die. With us, some might be saved. Don't
think about the dead. Think about the living.

Within the ranks of the chosen, those of us who hear the
babble — and those, like the sage, who have the clarity of mind
to synthesize the information that we receive — are more
important than the front-line chosen. It is our collective wisdom
and leadership that is going to have a chance of snatching victory
from the darkness, and the overall war is far more important than
any individual. We have to make ourselves take priority. We owe
it to the world to do so. If we do any less, we put everything else
in danger. It's not our place to go against the dictates of the
Shining Ones. We have been selected to hear their words above
all others, and we must therefore ensure our own safety, even
if it means closeting ourselves away from the rest of the world.

EXTREMITY

Scrrempr 13
PO, Is Paul dead?

AW. I'm sory?

PO, Paul Ferrie. is he dead?

OW. Where did you hear that?

PD.Isawitinanewspaper, thathewaskilledinashootout
with police while trying to rob a bank.

@W. Im surprised they let you see that.

PD. They didn't exactly let me. They didn't know | was
looking. He's dead, though. dnd you didn't give me astraight
answer when | asked if he was.

dW. Im sorry if you feel—

PO. Nevermind. |'mjust glad yougot them tocutbackon
the lithium. It would have killed me.

@W. [m not your enemy, Pamela.

PD. | Know that. You just don't understand

dW. | want to.

PD, | think you believe that. too. But if you understood,
you'd wish you could stick your head back in the sand.

aW.Imsure weal believe somelies if theymake us feel
More comfortable. Don't you think?

PO, You used to be much less transparent.

@W. Perhaps it's your perceptions that have changed,
Perhaps you used to trust me enough that you didn't see
deviousness in every question

PO. Perhaps. perhaps, perhaps. Imnever getting out of
here, am |?

AW I think we'd make mone progress if we—

POIcantexpectstraightanswers fromyouanymore.canl?

W. Pamela, youareimpicatedina string of brutalmurders.

PD, So that's "no"? Im not getting out of here?

OW. Wel... .letssayt'snotikelyin the foreseeable future. But
ourstayhere can be much more comfortable if you cooperate

PO. Doctor...

@W. It's not like you've got much else here to occupy
your formidable mind.

PD. My mind can escape this prison in ways you cant
Possibly imagine.

W. How? Byrecourse to fantasies abouta fierpywoman
who justifies all the hatred you've sublimated toward your
Parents and other authority figures? By having visions of a
destiny that confirms your desire to be special and sedates
your fears that youre silly, untalented or insignificant?

PD, | don't know what youre talking about!

€W. Pamela, you veaccused me af mendacity.solliputmy
cardsonthe table Ifldon'tshowconcreteprogresswithyou, youl
bereassignedtooneofthestaffpsychiatnstshere.andidanesay
he won't beas tenacious arsympathetic. [ve tried to be patient.
Ive tied tobuidup yourconfidenceinme. but Inalangerhave the
time. If Im going to continue to be your doctor, you need to hela
me Ineedyoutowakeupand takenesponsibility foryouractions.

PO, | take full responsiblity for everything I've done!

@W. Realy? Despite theorders from these phantombengs?
Despite yourmandate from heaven to commit these cimes?

PO, 06 you think want tolive like this? To go from fear to.
violence and back alll the time?

@W. Is that any worse than the mundane life you fear?
Being stifled by the tumors — by women who try to mold
their children and steal theiridentities? Were you molded like
that. Pamela? Do you feel you disappointed your parents?

PO, My parents?1... sure theyre disappointed now. but
that has nothing to do withit.

@W. Was it a relief? To finally sink as low as you could?

PO, No!

@W. Wasitworthit tospite them that much? Wasit worth
it to escape the lie they made you live?

PO. You want to know what living alie is like?

[Pause]

aW. |... Ihave to go now.

Notes, There cannow benocoubtinmymind thatlhave
compromised my professional integrity by identifying too


closely with Ms. Orummond. Not ta mention compromising
herrecovery, which is complicated enough as it is.|can offer
no excuse for abandoning her mid-session, as did. do not
understand it, myself

dill can sayis that | lost control of my emotions. ds she
spoke to me and looked me in the eye. | suddenly felt the
most crushing sense of insignificance imaginable. Perhaps
all her talk of cosmic intelligence had sunk in on some sub-
conscious level. For a moment. it was as if | was regarding
myself — with all my pride and secret shames. all my small
accomplishments and petty vanities — from anincalculable
distance. Seeing myself in proportion to therest of the world
and realizing that | meant very little. It was an expenence of
nihilistic despair that was almast palpable.

{tScleartorme thatImustnevertneatorsee thispatientagan.

Journac, Day Tuiery Ete

There,'s alot +o put down here. | 'm just not sure how +o do
it. \'m really confused.

\ quess |" start with the headache. | was working on Lynn
Huth S Dodge when Felt it. First time. Ve Felt i+ at home Since
before Ben died. i started to get Seared when | Sas acarconking
down the highway. Tren Something made. me look at Lin 'S license.
plate. Instead of Deuce? it said 2 TRUCE.

\ got a paper and looked. Gray Hair was driving the. car. She
sas alone. and didn ‘+ look good. | had plenty of time +0 get a
shotqun From the house, but when She. pulled up she started
waving an honest—to-God white Faq.

* You win," she Said. * | surrender. *

Maybe. should have. blown her away. | think Lanny would have..
But | didn'+. She was unarmed. We talked.

Her name.'s Maria. She's either Sucking crazy or really
goddamn smart. Or both.

She told me a bunch of stuff about vampires. They drink
people 's blood to stay alive. But if people drink their blood, the
people don 4 get any older. That 's what she does- drinks vampire
blood +o stay alive. She says she's done it for a long time.

She. qot kind of creepy when she was talking about that
= sort of like she was tuning out. Said that when something
qives you life Ike that, you can't help but love it. Like a
mother, she said. Even kids with bad moms, kids who get beat
up or whatever- they may hate their moms, but they love them
too. And she Said a mother who really loves her child will do
anything Sor i+, even things the kid might not like. Said a child
might not know what's good for it.

Then she came back +o earth. She said some of her vampires
wanted revenge. Said she was sure Curt wanted revenge on them,
too. She didn ‘+ see any qood way Sor it +o end, So she left.

laskedherhow mank we 'dkiled. She asked me the same question
back. Neither one of us wanted +o answer, Maybe | was afraid she'd
decide She was winning. Probably she. was afraid \'d do the same.

She'd found me. |'m not really surprised. They looked im my
wallet Sirst thing when they caught me. \kind of hoped thes 'd run
Off for good, because | just can't afford +o leave home - not
ater the way my business has been going dounhil. But | quess | 'w
not +he. only one who's been losing money hand over Sst.

Maria asked me if 1 wanted any more of my people to die,
and \ Said | didn "+. She Said tne same - Said she couldn + stand
to lose another one. | swear to Cod her eyes were tearing up
when she said that.

Out of nowhere, She promised that her vampires would be. good.
Said they woudn + Kil anyone, siouddn Yt Kidnap antfoody permanent.
‘She said that with Sewervanoires mhergang, they can Seed alot more
quiet. Said they have +o - they ‘re afraid of us Sinding ther again.

\ Said | wasn "+ sure, and \ think she could tell | wasn "+ jerking
her off. 1 mean, with the headache, | wasn + in any shape +o whee!
and deal. So she said she'd sweeten the offer. Said she had lots
experience with all this shit. She ‘d tip me off. Wam me. Said that
uhen other vampires pass through, She'd give me word. She doesn +
want any competition From critters outside her® Family."

So we made a deal. She keeps me up on where her people are, and
\do-the same. Nothing too specific, nothing that could get someone
in trouble. dust warnings. dust enough that they don + run across
cach other too often. dust enough to keep both sides unhurt,

Leven gave her ny phone nuniber,

Buessep Ones

The Shining Ones do not have human minds. Their
intelligence is a finer thing, more refined than ours. Itoperates
on levels that we cannot even dream of, seeing things that we
never will. We are so far beneath them that we're ants
scuttling around at their feet. How can we hope to compre-
hend the way they think? We cannot. It is not for us to judge
them, nor for us to comment on their actions — they operate
according to a plan that we cannot visualize.

However, as our understanding of what it means to be
chosen grows, knowledge, experience and continued contact
with the Shining Ones expands our mind and brings us closer
to them. We gain deeper power as chosen, become more
advanced in thought. That refinement elevates our conscious-
ness out of the fully pedestrian channels that it had been
rooted in. We, in turn, become less comprehensible to the
people around us. Each step we take toward understanding
the Shining Ones is a step away from the unenlightened.

Those among us who, like the sage, have gained great
understanding and enlightenment may from time to time take
actions that seem peculiar — callous, incomprehensible,
pointless or even insane. To presume to make that judgment
is the ultimate in arrogance. They comprehend things that we
cannot hope to. They have the vision to stand fully in the light
of the Shining Ones and share in their plans. The fact that they
cannot always explain or justify their actions simply proves
how advanced their thinking is.

| defy anyone to condemn these holy men and women.
They have risen further than we, gained greater understand-
ing, and act in response to threats and problems that we will
never even be aware of. For us to judge their actions, we
would need to be able to understand their motives, and to
see the full consequences of the things they do. We cannot
do either of these things, and we are not entitled to make
comment. We must simply accept that they are superior in
every way. I, for one, look forward to the day when | join
their ranks.

Ocrosen4

Notes. |heard fromDoctorWallace today. HesaidPamela
has stopped responding verbally to treatment. dt times she
appears catatonic. He wanted to know if | could think of
anything to trybeforeresorting toelectroconvulsive therapy.
lasked him to try taking her off all her meds for a month. He
was dubious. He thought that might make her dangeraus.



And, behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness,
and smote the four corners of the house, and it fell upon the young
men, and they are dead; and I only am escaped alone to tell thee.

—Job 1:19

Qur of IsotarioN

One of the greatest problems facing the imbued is their
lack of clear information, whether about their origins, the
nature of monsters or about the true extent of the world's
corruption. In particular, the imbued lack information or
direction about their overall goals and aims — why they were
changed and what they're supposed to do. There are as many

different ideas about who or what the Heralds are— and what
they want the chosen to achieve — as there are imbued. This
makes it very difficult for hunters to pull together in small
groups or across the world as some visionaries aspire, and as it
seems the imbued were meant to do to some of these people.
Local or personal concerns tend to take priority over greater
goals among the chosen. And that's perfectly fair; it's very
difficult to focus on a danger in another city when the devil
isat your door.

It's possible that the chosen were meant to operate with
direction. The Messengers may have always intended to pass
information down, about everything from their own origins
and the future of the world, to specific dangerous targets and
how they could be dealt with. Adherents of the Vision Virtue,
in particular, can sometimes sense that there is more to the
mission than the imbued have been shown. The fact that
these people strive to perceive cohesion to the imbuing,
monsters and the world, and yet are hamstrung by a distinct
lack of guidance from any creators, suggests that something in

hunter creation is flawed or incomplete. Otherwise, why
would the Heralds bother awakening anyone to the truth?

Some prophetic imbued suspect that the Messengers
intended their creations to receive a steady flow of informa-
tion, whether to everyone or to individuals who would then
pass word on. The imbued would then have been a mighty
force directed by the heavens, a divine hammer to crush the
monstrous. If this theory is correct, things didn't work out as
hoped or planned.

Hunters seem to be as divergent in nature and motive as
the very people who are chosen. Every hunter who meets a
peer soon learns that other imbued have their own personali-
ties, agendas and plans, often a product of who they were and
what they believed in before being awoken. That melting pot
makes for a divergent, eclectic collection of people. And yet,
as more hunters meet and seek rounderstand each other, some
emerge who are unique from the apparent majority of imbued.
Some of these are obsessive and extreme hunters who have
taken their mission so far that they're no longer comprehen-
sible or even down to Earth. And yet, their roots can still be
found among other hunters'.

There are still others —a very rare few — who don't seem
to be their former selves, now only made aware of the truth.
Rather, these people seem possessed and tormented by the
hunt, often confronted with inexplicable visions and a deafen-
ing, sourceless clamor that marks them apart from other imbued.
These individuals appear to remain in almost constant contact


HUNTER BOOK : HERMI

with the Heralds, as they continue to suffer the sights and
experiences that most hunters endure at theirimbuing and only
occasionally thereafter. In fact, to those who have met them,
these haunted hunters seem driven to distraction or madness by
whoever or whatever refuses to leave them alone. These hunt-
ers can be left mentally, emotionally and especially socially
dysfunctional as a result — when they showed little orno such
difficulties before being contacted.

Bur, despite the fits and rages these people suffer, the
constant pulling of their strings seems to make them privy to
information that no other hunters are known to have. These
tormented imbued can spout out words or describe scenes
vital to understanding monsters, imbued existence or the
nature of the Messengers.

To many hunters who refuse to tolerate these "conduits"
outbursts and inexplicable manner, the "schizos" are a waste
of time. They're obviously insane and of no use to dedicated
hunters. To those patient, considerate or contemplative im-
bued, the torments, revelations and insights of these
go-betweens mark them as special among the imbued. Per-
haps they're people marked for an important role thar didn't
or couldn't come to pass. Maybe they're even hunters in-
tended to act as preachers among the imbued, relaying the
word of some god down to His people so that they can do His
work. Whatever that words, it largely seems lost in the signal-
to-noise ratio that these "chosen among the chosen" endure.
Bur from time to time something is made clear and a secret,
lost truth or blatant purpose is revealed.

A very few enlightened hunters have even appointed
themselves the task of understanding the isolationist proph-
ets. Among these researchers is the enigmatic Fyodor. Through
word of mouth and cryptic announcement, these researchers
share their theories and findings about the outcasts with the
few imbued who are willing to listen.

The so-called ostriches, loners or outsiders are thought to
be the key to hunter existence, the vital channel of commu-
nication between heavenandearth— the intended radio-men
and -women of the imbued. They are believed to have been
meant for constant contact with the Messengers, receiving,
recording and passing on information that the rest of the
chosen needed to answer the call. The Messengers had over-
estimated humanity, however. The pressure of being in
constant contact with higher forces proved utterly over-
whelming to the human psyche. In every instance where an
intended conduit has survived the imbuing, the mind reels to
prevent itself being swept away by the sheer power of the
Heralds' communication, slamming barriers in place that
keep the barrage at bay.

The strength of the signal from heaven is such, however,
that even with all of a personality's defenses at work, some of
it still bleeds through into the imbued's consciousness. This
defense and overflow is called "static" —a deafening howl of
incoherent phantasmal voices, gut-wrenchingly sickening
vertigo with nausea and agonizing headaches.

It's theorized thar the original plan was for receivers to get
information about nearby monsters and fellow imbued, and mes-
sages to pass on to other hunters. This design would have allowed
the Messengers greater information flow when the recipient was
near beings of interest. As things seem to have tumed out—as is
socommon witha flawed humanity — the barrage of information

a>

onlyserves to tip the balance in the conduit's mind from beingable
to ignore the static to being overwhelmed by it and unable to
function properly, driving the would-be dispatcher away from
rather than toward monsters and other hunters. (Although some
of the outsiders seem to have greater tolerance for the proximity of
monsters and hunters than others.)

Even though conduits don't seem capable of properly
performing their theorized role, and are tormented by their
place in the grand scheme of things, they still emerge among
the newly imbued. Their known numbers are extremely few,
even for the chosen, butsome arestillencountered atimbuings
from time to time, as if the Messengers can't stop the creation
process they have begun. The dysfunctional outsiders still
play some role in the hunt, which is better than none; or else
these unfortunate chosen have more important roles than
even prophetic hunters can perceive, thus they are still
created, despite the anguish that the role imposes.

Truly blessed (or cursed) thinkers wonder why leaders,
pathfinders and shepherds among hunters weren't the ones to
suffer constant and oppressive contact from the Heralds.
Wouldn't it make sense for such leaders to receive commands
directly from above and then make them a reality? One
proposed answer is that supposed hunters of vision and direc-
tion were a reaction to the creation of the receivers —not an
original part of any cosmic plan. Perhaps intended leaders,
too, would have received the word of the gods, but when the
conduits proved too weak to bear the burden, leaders and
other hunters had to be created by other means, lesser means,
indirect means. "Evidence" of sucha possibility is said to exist
in the limited and confusing contact most hunters have with
the Messengers at the imbuing and sometimes afterward.
That's all people can endure and still perform some aspect of
their original function, whereas the conduits are contacted
frequently and left virtually disabled.

And yet, it might be possible that would-be leaders
among the imbued can still listen and turn to outsiders for
wisdom, insight, direction and purpose from the Heralds.
These suffering hunters can act as assistants, aides or spies.
That way, hunters' leaders might still get some direction from
above and the imbued as a whole might function more
cohesively and see their mission through, even if at the
expense of an unfortunate few.

The question remains, though, if any other roles were
intended for the imbued but also failed to be realized by a
weak, impure humanity. What other suffering and broken —
and potentially dangerous — hunters lurk in the world?

Hermirs in PLay

This chapter makes it possible to play Hermits, members
of one of the "lost" creeds. It offers enough information about
the creed's origins to give you a basis on which to create a
genuine person, tormented yet invigorated by the huntlikeno
other hunter can imagine. The characters you read about in
the preceding chapters are just such regular folks subjected to
a horrific imperative. This chapter explains Hermits' chal-
lenges, capabilities and powers so that you can make these
people come to life in your Hunter game.

Hermitsare adherents of Vision. Like Visionaries, thatistheit
primary Virtue. They have their own edges and creed path to


follow. These creed members are also among the rarest of all
hunters. No one knows how many hunters exist in the world, and
absolutely no one knows how many Hermits there are (most
imbued don'teven realize that these people exist), but the outsiders
are dangerously few. There should never be more than one Hermit
character in your entire chronicle, and no more than one or two
Hermits should ever appear as Storyteller-controlled imbued.

Although these creed members are obviously broken, it
seems the Messengers believe that even a poor information
channel is better than none. Otherwise, why continue to
create them? Unfortunately, there appears to be no way to
turn off the information flow that causes the static — only
ways to diminish it. The results are socially evasive hunters,
who are constantly confronted with the truth and seeking
escape from their torment, but who still suffer with a veritable
divine command to share or do something about what they
see, hear and lear. It's a miserable existence, and one some
Hermits can't bear. Yet, the fate of the world may rest on
whether they are able to find the strength to transcend their
limitations and flaws, somehow functioning as a shadow of
what they might have been.

Yue Loner's Puicur

Asaconsequence of their condition, Hermits are subject
to some special character-creation and Trait rules. These
qualities help define who and what they've become and must
be incorporated into your character.

Parnox

All Hermits are in constant contact with the Heralds on
some level, even subconsciously. They are therefore far more
likely than most imbued to receive some sort of message or
contact from the creators. While Hermits can't understand
most information that causes the static, they are still able to
perceive the same sorts of messages that are passed directly to
the chosen during the imbuing and in subsequent contact. Ifa
newspaper headline alters from "NEW STORE OPENS" to"IT
STALKS OPENLY," a Hermit is as aware of the message that's
intended for him as is any Avenger, Innocent or Visionary.
Hermits receive the Herald declarations meant for themalone,
just as other hunters do.

On occasion, however, an unspecified or "ambient"
warning or proclamation — one not necessarily meant for the
Hermit — is so powerful that it cuts through the static and
actually makes it into the Hermit's awareness, just like a
directed message would. This increased contact stems from
the fact that a Hermit is so receptive to the Messengers.
Whereas other hunters might resist hearing such an "ambi-
ent" declaration, a Hermit offers less resistance and the
message gets through the poor person's subconscious de-
fe His is essentially the path of least resistance for the
edict, and he has no choice but to hear it.

The content of "passive" messages can
incomprehensible as any sent to a Hermit directly, or such
messages can be sudden, undeniable truths — undirected
screams that still deafen despite an unspecified recipient.

Regardless of the nature of any given Messenger contact,
the effect is often the same: nausea, disorientation, head-
aches. Other hunters can suffer the same when subjected to
direct Herald attention, but the problem is chronic for Her-
mits who seem to be constantly subject to the Heralds' whim.

CHAPTERS: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

To reflect Hermits' high level of contact with the Mes-
sengers, all Hermits start play with a rating of 3 in the Patron
Background for free. Ranks 4 and 5 of the Trait can be
acquired normally during character creation or play as if they
were ranks | and 2, respectively. Backgrounds typically in-
crease or decrease during play due to story and character
development — they aren't usually gained with experience
points. See the article on altering Backgrounds during play in
the Hunter Players Guide if you want Patron ratings to
change after character creation.

Dexancemeny

A "less beneficial" consequence of heavenly contact is the
strain imposed on the Hermit mind. Most of your character's
mental resourcesare channeled into blocking the Heralds out —
a murmur instead of a scream. As if that weren't enough, he
suffers an association between crippling discomfort and the
presence of monsters and other hunters. Mere proximity to other
imbued or monsters raises the volume of Messenger contact,
potentially overwhelming your Hermit. (Perhaps even worse for
a recently imbued outcast, it's difficult ro distinguish monsters
and other hunters from the human. masses, so it seems that the
presence of people alone threatens to drive the Hermit mad.)

All these factors ensure that no Hermit is able to escape
with his sanity entirely intact; they are all withdrawn and
prone to isolating themselves. Some come to resent people
intensely because of the pain they suffer. Others feel they are
somehow guilty ofa crime and their discomfort is punishment
for some sin. Most Hermits are extremely reluctant to associ-
ate with other imbued, and a few do everything they can to
tun away from society altogether.

Every Hermit starts play with a mandatory derangement,
courtesy of their heavenly "aversion therapy" treatment. Any
ailment that makes social contact challenging is suitable. The
most appropriate tend to be Paranoia, Megalomania, Manic-
Depression, Compulsive-Aggressive Disorder, Dissociation,
Agoraphobia, Addiction or Demophobia. (See later in this
Chapter for definitions of some of these conditions; others may
be found in the Hunter rulebook or in the "Hunter Book" series.)

Some Hermits are able to cope with the presence of a
limited number of hunters or monsters for short periods of
time (see the Tolerance Talent, below), but even they arestill
aware of the discomfort of proximity — they just don't let it
affect their capabilities.

Thankfully, the constant assault of Messenger interfer-
ence does provide Hermits one benefit. They possess some
immunity to the effects of high Virtue ratings. Their experi-
ence with the barrage means they find it a bit easier to adjust
to the shifts in perception and awareness that come with
increasing ties to the Messengers. Essentially, their worldview
is already skewed before any of their Virtues rise to 7 or more.
Hermits do not gain a derangement for high Virtue unti] any
score reaches 9 (although they still become vessels of the
Messengers and potentially property of the Storyteller at 10
Virtue). This is, however, small consolation for such a belea-
guered and abused handful of people.

Tue Sravic

Static is fundamental to a Hermit's experience with the
hunt. It's a constant background murmur in an outcast's
mind, a persistent whispering or droning that is not usually


intelligible — the product of ceaseless noise from the Messen-
gers that doesn't make it through to the Hermit's conscious
mind. The sound is agonizing, disorienting, confusing, terri-
fying and very frustrating — and that's at its best.

Whenever your Hermit nears other imbued or monsters,
torrentsofhalf-formed encouragement, visions, warnings, odors,
impulses and otheradvice are added to the usual barrage and the
static flares up to full strength. It becomes physically and
mentally, not to mention socially, debilitating. It's enough to
impact a Hermit's ability to hunt and can drive her mad.

If an outcast can endure it, frequent exposure to other
imbued and monsters can sometimes encourage a resistance to
the static (see Tolerance, p. 83). For some Hermits, such resis-
tance allows them to function almost normally (and strangely
enough, the presence of a Visionary seem to make resistance
easier), but the static itself never stops or becomes less painful

All Hermits have theories about the nature of the static.
Some blame themselves for their own suffering — if they were
stronger they'd be worthy vessels for the Messengers' wisdom.
Others think the static is a punishment from the Heralds, and
they spend a great deal of time trying to figure out how they've
eamed the punishment. More cynical hunters think the static is
just evidence that the Messengers are as fucked up and incompe-
tent as everything and everybody else in the world.

The intense sensation of psychic invasion occurs regardless
of whether a Hermitisclose to designated prey or close toa fellow
hunter. Bystanders — who seem to appear the same as normal
humans to the Messengers — do not usually trigger the static.

System: Whenever in the presence of one or more stimuli
—be they imbued orsupernatural creatures — every single task

= fe

your Hermit performs is at +1 difficulty. For Hermits with high
Patron ratings (4+), this penalty may rise to +2 if there are a
large number of creatures and/or imbued present, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

Ofcourse, horrendous discomfortisa hard sign to ignore; the
static has a silver lining of waming your character of imbued or
monster presence. The static is triggered at about 30 yards fora
character with 3 Patron, and doubles with each additional point
of Patron (60 yards at 4, and 120 yards at 5). No roll is made for
this detection. When the static activates, it intrudes upon all
other thought. There's no doubt what it is —even though there's
noway of telling whethera fellow hunteroramonsterisnearuntil
the subject is visible — and her exact nature may not be
immediately apparent even then.

Most Hermits can't tell a difference between the static of
one presence and the static of a multitude. Players of characters
who are particularly attuned (4+ Patron) can make a Patron
roll, difficulty 6, to get a vague sense of whether the static is
caused by a single being, by a few beings or by a large group.

Tue Iweulne

Most Hermits find the static makes life so uncomfortable
that they end up avoiding everyone, not just fellow hunters.
In crowded towns or cities, there is usually something within
range to set the static off, whether it's identifiable or not. Even
quiet urban areas are frequently uncomfortable, as another
hunter, creature or bruise might pass through the Hermit's
awareness, triggering a sudden attack. As a consequence,
Hermits withdraw from any concentration of people, never


Yue Sravicin Peay

Thegreat curse ofall Hermits, thestaticswitchesonatthe #
moment of imbuing and stays on for the rest of your hunter's
life. As such, it's important that players of Hermit characters
— and the Storyteller —fully understand how it manifests.

| The static is created by the human mind asa release
valve for the pressure generated by communication with
the Messengers. When no other imbued or monsters are

} within range, the Messengers are relatively quiet and the

tatic is not too uncomfortable. The static itself does not

} convey any information. It is not the actual communica-

} tion from the Messengers — that is blocked off before the #f
conscious mind becomes aware of it. Rather, the static is
the mental stress caused by keeping the power of the
Messengers from destroying your character's mind.

The static can take many forms. At its most bearable,
it's a whining in the ear, nagging aches and pains, back- jf
ground muttering ora pervasive crawling, itching sensation
in the skin across the Hermit's body. It's possible to ignore
when your hunter is distracted by something that requires
no concentration — watching television, for example —

H but it can be extremely irritating or distressing if your
character tries to concentrate or relax. |

At its worst, the static can be a deafening howl of
incoherentphantom voices, churingsickness, cripplinghead-

i} aches, pain throughoutthe body, shocking visualdisorientation, jf

i} dizziness or vertigo. In combination with this overwhelming
discomfort is a terrifying sense of the mind being attacked or

| breached and the feeling that your Hermit might become
‘possessed or witless at any moment. A Hermit might suffer

i} different symptoms at different times, but different symptoms
ate not usually indicative of a trend among nearby monster or
‘hunters, or of a particular message from the Heralds.

\ Assoonasa hunter or monster comes into range, the

H} static rises to full intensity, shocking and distressing your #
character and hampering his actions. The static is identi- jf
cal whether triggered by a monster or a fellow hunter.
Even the most "social" hermits (those with the Tolerance

} Trait and the will to test it) seem distracted, pained or
stressed in the presence of others.

Hunterswhoreceive information inaboutofstaticdonot
actually filter it out or the roar, although most believe they do.
Rather, such warnings are heard because the Messengers have
taken the time to transmit a declaration specifically down the
channels opened by your Hermit's Patron rating, or the
message has been blurted loudly enough by the Heralds in their
own dialogue or to another hunter that your Hermit hears it.
At its clearest, information from the static may manifest as
dreams or vague compulsions. Typically, coherent contact is
like that had ar the imbuing — only more frequent. These
communications are most frequent during intense bouts of
static, when hunters and monsters are nearby, because that's
when the Messengers are most aware of your Hermit.

knowing when company might turn into agony. After the
imbuing, they quickly come to resent humankind in general
forthe pain they suffer. Itmay take some time for them to truly
understand that individuals trigger the full static, not the
crowd itself. It may take even longer to understand that the

CHAPTER 5: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

discomfort has nothing to do with other people, or to forgive
people in general for not being afflicted as the Hermit is.

Theirony is that Hermitsare usually chosen because of their
ability to communicate. People associated with creative, teach-
ing and inspirational fields are selected by the Heralds to pass on
theirmessages. These people can be socially active, gregarious or
skilled at conveying information in writing, art or music. Even
those who don't enjoy the company of others at least know how
to pander to an audience or convey feelings and knowledge.
Theirnew existence as loners and outcasts frequently requires an.
extremely painful adjustment in the way these skilled communi-
cators and people-persons think and live.

During the imbuing, new Hermits typically avoid taking
much direct action against the monsters that are suddenly
revealed. Their edges lie in working from afar and passing on
intelligence, and their behavior during the crisis usually
reflects this tendency. They do take an active stand, however.
If they didn't, they'd become bystanders. The imbuing is
painful for Hermits, and the bewildering agony of the static
makes any monster, even a nominally sympathetic one, a
figure of terror or hatred.

Hermits donot havea gentleawakening. After they have
been imbued, the static inevitably forces them to get as far
away from the scene as possible, as quickly as they can, fleeing
even other hunters as a source of pain.

Ienriryinc & HeRwry

The path of the Hermit is particularly hard, even compared
to those of other imbued. It also places strains on your troupe's
organization — and on you as a player — that should be
considered carefully. You and your Storyteller should have an
idea of what sort of people are imbued as Hermits — the static
kicks in during the imbuing, after all, so your character's actions
leading up to that moment are critical to defining her creed.

Notwo Hermits are quite the same, but they usually share
a rare combination of emotional and psychological factors
that make them suitable for being the "intelligence officers"
of the imbued. Consider the following outlooks and behaviors
when deciding if it's appropriate or if you want to play a
Hermit in your game.

© Taking a Step Back: In order to be effective at passing
on information, a Hermit has to be able to divorce himself
from the consequences of his work to a certain extent. If he
gets involved personally in every fact and warning, he'll go
mad with the horror of it. Hermits are almost always a little
emotionally isolated or very mildly sociopathic. If they were
completely committed to other people, they'd never be able
to stand the work of their creed.

Atthe imbuing, that means a Hermit might offer sugges-
tions or advice to some participants and not others, based on
whose actions he believes are prudent. Additionally, he might
offer advice contrary to a participant's goals — such as
pointing out where a potential weapon is to an Innocent —
and later blame that person's loss or suffering on him or her for
not taking informed advice.

¢ A Need to Communicate: The Hermit creed is dedi-
cated tocommunication. The peopleselected are all competent
at one or more forms of performance or conveying thoughts.
This can range from an artistic talent such as poetry, painting
or music to practical skills such as motivational speaking,

aA


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

technical authoring or website design. Any would-be Hermit
needs some practice at putting her ideas across to other people.

At the imbuing, such a potential Hermit might share
information with other hunters or monsters in an efforttomake
contact. She might not have an agenda, such as making a
monster change its ways, but she may instead confront partici-
pants with the facts of theiractions to make them consider what
they do and if that's the best course. ("Why are youall fighting?
How do you think you can fix this mess that way?")

¢ Turning the Other Cheek: People who become
Hermits are not, for the most part, brave or altruistic. Hermits
typically hang back yet manage to find a way to deal with a
situation without getting in too much personal danger. They
may have astrong desire to help (orat least have a greatdislike
of the current state of the world), but lacked the personal
courage to do anything about it before and wrestle with doing
anything now. To their frustration, they still feel compelled to
act despite their misgivings, being unable to deny the horrors
of what they see and hear through the static.

At the imbuing, this potential Hermit might walk away
altogether, but ultimately returns to the scene to make some,
possibly minor, contribution despite his better judgment.

© History of Denial, Isolation or Lack of Confidence:
People who become Hermits tend to have complicated person-
alities. On one hand, they are withdrawn from society, used to
shying away from confrontation. On the other hand, they have
atalent and need for communicating, anda longing to do more

Gnoosing rH GREED
Ideally, you should request to play a Hermit or the
Storytellershould consult you about playing one before the
prelude gets underway. Mature, thoughtful players make
thebest Hermits. The creed membersare broken, challeng-
ing to play realistically and can be frustrating hunters given
their limitations. Forcing a Hermit on an unsuspecting
playerjust because a character behaves appropriately at the
imbuing isn't always justified. The Storytellershould make
‘sure that's who you want to be before the decision is made,
pethaps taking you aside during the prelude to get your
input before the static kicks in and makes it official.
Although the Hunter rulebook invites creed changes in
the early stages of a chronicle, it's hard to write your
character's crushing headache and "monster sense" out of
that first game after it has figured so prominently.

If and when you and the Storyteller agree that your
character is a Hermit, the static should kick in during the
prelude. The effect probably applies when your character
manifests a Hermit edge or it's decided conclusively thathe
belongs to the creed. The static applies to both witnessing
amonsterand seeing other people perform amazing feats —
all of whom seem daunting and painful to your character.
Perhaps the one thing thar distinguishes between the
unbearable parties is that a monster often looks inhumane,
whereas other huntersat least seem human. But, of course,
a "monster" can seem like nothing of the sort. Meanwhile,
insane people can perform impossible feats and perhaps
inflict terrible harm.

than they do. This may have caused them mild social problems
in the past, leaving them frustrated, shy, isolated or the kind of
person who tries to socialize too hard and winds up being
awkward or discomforting as a result.

Atthe imbuing, sucha potential Hermit mightseem todo
nothing when in fact her mind does the acting for her. She
manifests the Reach edge (see p. 87) to take in the scene, gain
insight to what's going on and react based on that experience.
Any actions that result are probably not contentious, but
useful to resolving the episode or saving a life.

Prevupe Evenrs

Although the imbuing varies wildly, certain types of
experience are relatively common across the Hermit creed.
You can recognize events and particular actions that might
lead your character to becoming a Hermit, or the Storyteller
might arrange events to allow for such a transition. Either
way, prelude events and reactions to them should be in
keeping with the outcast frame of mind.

© On the Edge of Chaos: Your character finds herself
caught up ina shocking and terrifying confusion of events that
she doesn't understand. Other hunters may be imbued at the
same time, and some sort of battle with monsters probably
erupts. Your character stays on the edge of the fight, trying to
drag out the wounded, taking opportunistic potshots or shout-
ing out information or warnings, either from her perspective
or that handed down by the Messengers. Everything is a blur
due to static overload. As soon as things seem satisfactory (or
hopeless) for the "good guys," your character probably flees
the scene and her new peers.

* Imbued from Afar: The main events of the imbuing
take place some distance from your character. Other imbued
are at the center of things, but physical obstacles such as
subway tracks between two platforms make it difficult or
impossible for your character to get there. She may find a way
to bridge the gap and provide some sort of support, but might
also find herself snap into the middle of the action with
Reach. Having had a look at things, she passes critical infor-
mation to the other hunters, either by shouting or with Send
(p. 88) if it is available.

* Between a Rock and a Hard Place: When the
Messengers show the real world to your character, she finds
herself confronted with something large, terrifying and hos-
tile. Lacking the will or the weapons to take the fight to it, but
refusing to run, she focuses on diverting the creature away
from defenseless people, or keeping them away from the area.
She refuses to abandon the site until things seem fairly safe,
but at the same time does not want to address the monster or
the other newly imbued.

* Running Backup: Your characteris ina situation where
she can make a useful and meaningful contribution to the other
new hunters (or to normal people), based on what she knows or
has at her disposal without taking an active hand in the scene.
She might know how to escape from an ambush or building. She
might have acar that others can pile into. She might be able to
bring a subway train to an emergency stop so that the larger
imbuing may proceed unabated. Or she may know how to
activate a sprinkler system or trigger an alarm. The key here is
that your character participates by maintaining her distance,
which is what she values most.


CHAPTERS: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

Praying AHERMIY

After the imbuing, a Hermit has to cope not only with
the reality of monsters in the world, but also with the sudden
and overwhelming sense of mental invasion and the disori-
entation and pain that comes with it. Your character also has
to learn to accept the fact that this feeling of invasion and
pain is perpetual — it's never going to go away, even for a
moment. Most hunters can at least seek solace in the kinship
that they have with regular folks and each other, and in the
knowledge that they work to save a world of which they are
part. Hermits don't have these comforts, as the static cuts
them off from urban areas and, for the most part, from their
social structures. No Hermit ever looks back on her imbuing
—or any other hunters who were imbued at the same time
—with much fondness.

Playing a Hermit involves several unique challenges for
which you have to find solutions. Most Hermits are very wary
of getting personally involved with other imbued in any capac-
ity, but a character who insists on remaining apart is extremely
difficult to play for any length of time. Split troupes are very
difficult for even the best Storyteller to manage. If your charac-
ter stays away from the others all the time, you'll have nothing
to do for most of the game session — or chronicle.

So, as a Hermit player, you have to make certain allow-
ances in order to get the most out of your character and game.
You might decide to find a way to keep your Hermit with the
rest of the troupe as much as possible. The Tolerance Talent
is vital — if you don't invest in ir, all your die rolls will be at
asignificant penalty in the presence of other hunters. Toler-

ance, however, does not change your character's perception of
or reaction to being around other imbued — the experience is
still discomforting and unnerving. It just allows her toact with
negligible penalties. She is still distracted, maybe even per-
petually confused, frustrated or just strange.

These facts mean you need to come up with a compelling
reason why your character is prepared to put up with the torture
of the static in order to be around the other hunters. Talk to
your troupe and see if any good justificationsarise. Perhaps your
Hermit is another character's protective older sister or close
friend, Maybe the Messengers have clearly shown her that she
will be killed by a monster unless she stays with her own kind.
Alternatively, one of the other characters might threaten,
bribe, blackmail, pay or otherwise force or persuade your
character to work closely with a group. Whatever the reason,
your Hermit might still resent the fact that her colleagues do
not seem to realize how much pain and disorientation she
suffers just for being near them. Can't they see her sacrifice?

If you prefer to keep your character somewhat separate
from the rest of the group, bear in mind that the Storyteller has
to give all players equal attention. If the rest of the characters
are together when your Hermit is away, you'll get only portion.
of the action. As long as you're okay with that, there are a
number of ways your character can arrange to interact with the
rest of the group without actually having to come face to face.

One of the most dynamic ways is to set up a system of radio
contact. All hunters in the troupe wear group-band, encrypted
radio headsets. (Prepare to use up some Resources setting the
system up.) The radios allow characters to remain in constant
contact, even if your character is remote and can't get involved

a =,


in the action directly. If she stays by an Internet-connected
computer or a small private library — or both — at the same
time, she may relay information or coordinate efforts.

Other approaches include phoning group members regu-
larly to share information and discuss plans. Your character
could also pass documents and other material around by
snailmail, dead-letter drop, courier or online chat list. At the
same time, your character could help in different ways, such
as performing dedicated research, scouting areas to get infor-
mation on monsters—particularly with the Reach edge — or
stirring up trouble by manipulating other monster forces or
mundane institutions (the police, newspapers, criminal orga-
nizations) to work against targets.

Above all, remember that your Hermit has a unique and
rather awkward position in any troupe and Hunter game. He
can remain true to his identity and compulsions and work
"outside the box." You just have to make an effort to ensure
that the game proceeds smoothly, your Hermit doesn't de-
mand all the limelight (or fade from it altogether) and that
everyone is able to remain in character and have fun.

Cunrncrer Crenvionnn Devetormenr

As members of a "lost" and "broken" creed, Hermits
require some alternative thought on your part, especially
during character creation. You basically design a person who
was communicative and expressive or perhaps introverted but
artistic before the change, and who now seeks to avoid
hunters, monsters and even the world whenever possible.
Your character therefore has a distinctly different identity
from an Avenger, Redeemer or Visionary who seeks out
monsters, other hunters and regular people, and wants to work
with them. The following are some new Traits that can help
you capture the personality and uniqueness of your outcast.

New Arenervess

Thes Traits can be added to your game as Natures
and Demeanors.

Eccenvnic

Eccentrics are greatly misunderstood. Other people look
atan Eccentric's melodramatic behavior, his unusual interests
or habits, his flamboyant outfits and his unpredictable man-
ner and assume the man isa bit mad ora little soft in the head.
Nothing could be further from the truth. Ina mixed-up, topsy-
turvy world, the Eccentric knows that being too predictable is
dangerous, and that sometimes the only way to react to
strange events is to be a bit strange yourself. He keeps other
people — and himself — on their toes in order to make sure
no one is caught flat-footed when the going gets weird.

— Regain Willpower whenever an eccentricity of yours
accidentally provides critical information, an early warning, an
escape route or otherwise saves the day.

Arist

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. It can be a hard truth
to accept, but the Artist quickly learns that something that
gives her pleasure doesn't always please others. But true art is
not about pleasing others — it's about challenging them,
eliciting a response, making others think about something
bigger than themselves. Her goal is to make people react to her

work, one way or another. Ifa piece inspires someone, that's all
that matters. The actual emotion inspired is utterly irrelevant.

— Regain Willpower whenever a person gains something
useful —knowledge, a waming, resolve—from apiece of yourwork.

Camps

Hunter's creeds are a convenient way of describing and
summarizing. set of preferences and attitudes. They allow you to
geta firm graspon your character quickly. Within the game world
itself, creeds are nothing more than trends, common beliefs and
associations that different imbued feel they have more or less in
common. Hunters themselves do not have much awareness of
creeds, although their understanding of like-minds grows.

Even within a creed, hunters can have different values,
beliefs and aspirations. No two Defenders or Innocents think
exactly alike. Loose trends in inter-creed philosophy are called
camps. The different camps that Hermits fall into are even less
defined than the creed itself. They represent certain spectrums of
attitude and stereotype that can help you get deeper into charac-
ter. Camps are not strict factions within a creed. Individual
Hermits might fall into one camp or another, but they might just
aseasily straddle any lines, blurring contrasts on various issues. In
fact, most Hermits grow and change as they endure their calling
and can move from one camp to another in the process.

Gonsenvavive

Conservative Hermits — those who take the hardest line
with unnatural beings—are usually people who believed they
had a very firm idea of what reality was and how it worked
before the imbuing. The revelations of the Messengers jar
them out of this staid rut, and they don't like it. Rather than
resist the Messengers, however, conservatives take out their
confusion and anger on the monsters they're shown. (If the
first creatures perceived are particularly violent or disgusting,
a Hermit is probably likely to become conservative.)

This same resistance to change (though futile at some
level) gives conservative Hermits some appreciation of other
people. Regular folks may be stupid or scary, but at least
they're familiar — normal folks are likely to be the one thing
their old understanding shares with their new one.

Blaming monsters for the destruction of their cherished
illusions of normalcy, conservative Hermits feel a strong need
to take decisive action against "them." This often leads
conservatives to associate with other imbued. Conservatives
are the most social Hermits —not by choice, but by necessity.

Favored Attributes: In addition to the Perception needed
to see the bastards coming, conservatives tend to value
Intelligence (to out-think and entrap monsters) and Wits (to
react if their traps don't work).

Favored Abilities: Firearms and Demolitions are both
popular among conservatives, because they offset creatures'
innate capabilities. Investigation and Stealth are both useful for
finding the weak links in a target's armor.

Favored Backgrounds: Tolerance (see page83) is critical
for working with other imbued. Allies and Animal Compan-
ions (see page 84) can also be very important, because their aid
does not invoke the Messengers' mental dissonance.

Other Favored Paths: Conservative Hermits often ac-
quire Judgmentedges in order toround out theirself-appointed
roles of supporting other hunters.


Mobenare

Moderate Hermits are the most likely to measure both
the imbued and the unnatural by the same standard. Their
view tends to be jaundiced by the intense suffering both
provoke, but the same behaviors are tolerated (sparing en-
emies, behaving with nobility, being open tocommunication)
and condemned (inflicting unnecessary harm, provoking
confrontations, ignoring the input of others) in both groups.
Playing both sides of the fence forces moderates to walk a fine
line. Like everyone who takes the middle ground, moderate
Hermits risk getting it from both sides. Giving up blind faith
in one side or another might come at a high price, but
moderates are willing to pay it for a clear point of view.

Unlike conservatives, moderates don't recognize a dis-
tinct demarcation between "good people" and "bad monsters."
This may be because moderates were often more open-minded
(or just less decisive) before, because their first encounters
were not so terrifying or violent, or simply because moderates
started out with a more cynical view of mankind.

Favored Attributes: Perception is the key to separating
the good creatures from the bad—and the same goes for other
imbued. Manipulation and Charisma are often necessary for
dealing with both as well.

Favored Abilities: Subterfuge is essential — not only
for playing both sides, but for calling bullshit when trickery
is plied by others. Awareness and Intuition are both useful
for grasping at the truths the Heralds offer. Dodge is also
useful — just because.

Favored Backgrounds: Bystanders can provide backup

and perspective that does not come with noise from the

Messengers. Resources are useful because they are flexible and
moderates prize flexibility a great deal. Influence is often useful
for persuading both "critters" and other imbued to bring the
level of conflict down a notch.

Other Favored Paths: Moderates often walk the Inno-
cence and Defense paths, because they provide potent
protection. Martyrdom edges can also be tempting: When
you're all alone and can't trust anyone, it can feel like you
don't have much to lose.

Upenat

Hermits who don't trust the Messengers and their agenda
are usually the most liberal. This unwillingness to follow can arise
from several circumstances: witnessing bad behavior on the part
ofotherimbued, general distrust of authority, suspicion about the
painful methods the Messengers use to "bless" their chosen.
Some liberals even cling to a deep-seated sense of atheism,
resentingand mistrusting the possible divinity of the Messengers.

Liberal Hermits, then, often isolate themselves most from the
community of hunters — but not from the hunt itself. Their
isolation often gives them insight into the loneliness and exile
experienced by "monsters" in a human world. Beyond Innocents
and Redeemers, liberal Hermits can be the most sympathetic to
unnatural creatures. This doesn't mean they want to get close, but
communication by phone, over the Internet, or by good old-
fashioned message drops can createa "breathing space" that allows
the human and the other to set aside their differences for a time.

Of course, at other times thar disconnect from the imme-
diate reality of a rotting corpse orslavering beast can lead to bad
judgment on liberals' part — and to the hunters' downfall.

Favored Attributes: Liberals always prize Perception. Op-
erating alone, they often need an advantage when it comes to
evaluating a situation. Liberals often need Manipulationas well,
the better to judge if a creature is genuinely innocuous or it's
faking. Dexterity is also quite useful — for running away when
things go sour.

Favored Abilities: Empathy is important for understand-
ing the problems of creatures outside the natural order.
Security, Stealth and Computer can be very useful for creat-
ing, getting to and communicating from a secure haven.

Favored Backgrounds: Arsenal is 2 good choice — not
for the guns so much as for the defensive technologies.
Exposure can be useful (and can sometimes make the others
more tolerable to be around than the imbued). Resources also
make a big difference when it comes to operating in isolation.

Other Favored Paths: Defense edges are favored by the
more retiring liberals, while Redemption and Innocence
paths provide tools for safely meeting and communicating
with those who can possibly be saved.

TALENTS

TOterance

Earl stared at the woman, trying to burn every line of her face
into his memory. So this was "Mr. X," the mysterious guide whose
hints and clues had saved their lives? She had gray hair dyed black,
baggy wrinkles, and clothes from Target. Just some middle-aged
black woman he wouldn't look at twice. Yet she'd saved them,
guided them, still always hidden from them.

Vhat's your name?" he finally asked.

She shook her head.

"C'mon," Earl said. "You still don't trust us?"

"It's not a matter of... trust," the woman said uncomfort-
ably. "Look, I'm... I'm meeting you halfway here. I came in
person. So you can. see I'm not one of... of them."

He nodded. "When do you want to meet the others?"

"No!" she said, a look of horror on her face. "I can't. Not
more than one ata time. More than that and | can't... can't keep
myself together."

The closer a Hermit gets to other imbued or monsters, the
stronger the clamor or static or noise in her head becomes.
Overpowering signals from the Messengers crowd in, threaten-
ing to fragment your character's consciousness and even sanity
with their urgency. More imbued or monsters, and a correspond-
ingly closer connection to the Messengers, exacerbates the
problem. People can get used to just about anything, though.

Hermits who have learned (or been blessed with) Toler-
ance can concentrate hard enough on their surroundings to
focus on what they're doing and thus function normally,
despite the static. They can operate among other hunters —
or even monsters — as long as there aren't too many and it's
not for too long. It's no more pleasant than if they didn't have
the Talent, and your character doesn't perceive any differ-
ence in the static, but this Ability allows him toavoid the dice
penalty normally associated with the noise (see p. 77).

Visionaries have a curious effect on the static, somehow
making it more bearable. The presence of one or more Visionaries
within three yards of your Hermit increases his effective Tolerance
by one point (the maximum is still 5), even giving a completely
intolerant Hermit the temporary benefit of 1 Tolerance (your


INTER BOOK : HERMIT

character doesn't need to possess this Trait to get this bonus in the
presence of a Visionary). A Hermit with 3 Tolerance wh«
temporarily boosted to 4 by the proximity of a Visionary is FI
considered (in the absence of any other Trait specialty) to special-
ize in Visionaries for that time. Any existing Tolerance specialty
(for having an independent rating of 4 or 5) takes precedent.
Hermits have many different theories about why they feel
this affinity for the leaders, shepherds and prophets among the
imbued, ranging from finding their wisdom and understand-
ing calming, to drawing moral support from them, to the idea
that Visionaries distract the Messengers from nearby Hermits.
This Talent is available to only those who suffer from the
static — that is, Hermits. Individual hunters and monsters
each count as one being for the purposes of determining how
many a Hermit can endure, total. If more than the indicated

* hunters or monsters are close by or remain near your character
ees too long, the full effects of the static kick in and all of his
. actions suffer a difficulty penalty.
3 ° You can endure the presence of two hunters and/or
monsters for an hour without penalty.
oe You can be around up to three hunters and/or
monsters for two hours without penalty s
eee You can stand four hunters and/or monsters for

three hours.

Youcan put up with five hunters and/or monsters for
as many as four hours.
You keep it together for five hours in the vicinity of as
many as six hunters and/or monsters.
ed by: Hermits alone
Specialties: Any single creed. Individual members of thatcreed
count as only "half" a person for determining the number of
i hunters or monsters who can be dealt with through Tolerance.

Dy Brckcrounds ~

Animad Companions
Lucius smirked while he watched Carter writhe. He didn't even
: needed to hit the old bastard. Just showing up was enough to make him.
{ collapse in agony. Perhaps he was having a fear-induced coronary.
[ Lucius couldn' t resist rubbing it in.
"Serves you right, you washed-up old piece of crap. You
shouldn' thave been poking your nose in other people's business. You
: haveno ideawho lam. Now your snoopingis going to get you killed."
Clutching at his head, Carter screamed, "Millie."
"Going senile already?" Lucius asked. "Your wife died years
ago. I checked." "7
‘A floorboard creaked and Lucius glanced over his shoulder to see Ve \
ahuge mastiff, teeth bared, leap at him. His shoulder eruptedin agony
as the dog's jaws locked. Lucius collapsed under the dog's weight as
asecond dog went for his throat. He barely had time to register the rs
irony of havinghis throat ripped out before everything went black.
Carter petted his dogs while he sat next to the <a
bloodsucker's remains. "My wife was aholy terror, boy.
Why do you think I trained the girls to attack at the
sound of her name?"
Peopleare (byand large) devious, sneaky,
self-interested and altogether too clever to be
good. Animals are different. They're simple.
Whether your dog fetches astick orsoils the rug,
you know where you stand with it.

Of

>.


The kind of person who hates other people (or simply
finds them distasteful) often takes a pet (or pets) in order to
have some kind of emotional outlet. That's no big deal: Your
character can take as many useless turtles and guinea pigs as
he wants without paying any points for them.

What this Background does is provide really useful pets
(or, if your character is in a more rural or undeveloped area,
work animals). Your character wants that fanatically loyal pit
bull whose jaws can crush soup bones? That's nota pet. That's
an Animal Companion.

Just as hunters are regular people, Animal Companions
are normal animals; they aren't super-intelligent, can'tcom-
municate beyond barks, whines or roars, and can't perform
feats that are beyond their physical limits. However, posses-
sion of this Background implies a significant bond between
your character and the creatures in question — he is un-
doubtedly the alpha male. Your character and his pets may
have been together for years and he's taught them several
tricks, or another party has trained the animals to respond to
your character.

Each animal can be taught one significant trick for each
point of Animal Ken that the trainer po Such tricks
include "attack," "retrieve" and "run," as opposed to "roll
over" or "shake." Encouraging a companion to perform an
established trick takes one action and requires a successful
Manipulation + Animal Ken roll, difficulty 4. Trying to get an
animal to perform a new or particularly complex trick calls for
a higher difficulty, as decided by the Storyteller.

. You have a housecat with a really loud voice. As in
legend, the cat is sensitive to unnatural presences.
(Consider it to have an eight-die Awareness pool.)
Your big mean dog keeps those bratty kids offyour
lawn (see sidebar).

You own a horse, raised from a colt (see sidebar).
You either have a horse and a big dog, severaldogs
or the equivalent.

You own astable, or you train attack or seeing-eye
dogs professionally.

Man's Besy Friend
The following are some statistics you can use for
Animal Companions.

Big, Mean Dog

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Perception 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
vat gp peidston 3, Stealth 2

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Dead

Attack: Bite for five dice, claw for four

} Willpower: 5

Well-Trained Horse

| Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 2
Intimidation 2

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2,-5, Incapacitated
Attack: Trample or kick for six dice; bite for three
Willpower: 3

Tue High Cosy of Commirmeny

Hermits are in a peculiar position. Their nature is to stay
back and observe, to try to stay sane and capable — but
ultimately, to act. However, due to some apparent flaw, error or
oversight in their creation, it's challenging for them to commu-
nicate what they have learned or coordinate their actions with
other hunters. Their distance from other imbued makes it hard
to maintain the will to hunt, but at the same time their proximity
to the Heralds makes it imperative to do so. The result is often
mental and social instability from the very moment of the
imbuing. Whereas all hunters are mortified and terrified by the
reality of the world and the falsehood of their lives, Hermits suffer
worst of all, because their very identities can be forcibly changed
by the awakening. How a Hermit copes with the changes in his
world and his very self, in hopes of maintaining some semblance
of composure and order, can determine his enthusiasm for and
success in the hunt.

Srenpine Conviction

Walking the line between community and isolation, ac-
tion and inaction, sanity and insanity isn't easy. When a
Hermit absolutely must succeed at this balancing act — often
tosave a life or achieve a success that's crucial to his goals —he
puts everything he has into the feat to guarantee results. For
outcasts and the bizarre capabilities they've been granted, that
effort usually means risking or spending Conviction points.
The personal vigor for the mission that results also means an
even closer bond to the very Messengers who torment Hermits
—a bestowal of energy from them, simultaneous with the static
that they always inflict. So answering the call is, for many
isolationists, often a double-edge sword.

Some Hermits spend Convictionas fast as they get it. These
conduits tend to have the most trouble dealing with theirimbued
existence, wrestling with the many issues and hardships that the
Heralds inflict. They therefore seek Herald guidance through
second sight and their edges in hopes of revelation. Either that,
or their suffering is so extreme that they hold their lives forfeit,
already anticipating an end to the world and seeing no need to
save their strength or hold anything in reserve. If these people
succeed and survive, gaining Conviction points in bursts, they
cash them in for Virtue pointsassoon as possible. Virtues can tise
quickly and mean more comprehension of the Messengers.

Others hoard Conviction. As recluses, they have little
opportunity to spend ir. They believe themselves secure from
monstrous intervention, and so feel no need to active second
sight frequently. They abstain from using their edges because
they believe themselves protected by distance and mundane
means. But when they do need to act, to seek the Heralds'
vitality, they spend a lot of Conviction on second sight and
edges because there's no one to back them up. And if they gain
extensive points, the points are used to increase Virtues,
rather than being spent on further contention with monsters
and hunters. For these isolationists, increasing Virtues is often
rationalized in terms of reaching out to the Heralds and
making their message clear, in hopes that this time the Hermit
can figure things out, that this time she'll get some answers.

The Virtues raised by a Hermit depend of her frame of
mind and situation. All recluses can appreciate the benefits of
increased Vision — the creed's primary Virtue. More Visi

a =

leads to more capabilities in the Solitude path. Solitude powers
make the hunter do some frightening and amazing things, but
also help her accomplish more from a distance and with less
threat of monster or hunter contact or harm. Vision also grants
access to Visionary capabilities as well, which allow Hermits a
broader range of information-gathering capabilities. Ifa recluse
can continue to work from afar, without face-to-face contact
with others, this trend is very rewarding — as far as can be said
forthe hunt. (Also, see the Message ina Bottle technique, p.91,
which activates when Vision is increased.)

Hermits who are forced to, or who force themselves to,
interact with creatures and other hunters may need the benefits of
Zeal and/or Mercy to accomplish their goals. Zeal offers the
potential of self-defense, but also the benefits of a strong offense.
Meanwhile, Mercy edges make sympathy for monsters, hunters
and people possible, allowing information to be spread amicably,
and problems to be solved peaceably. The route a Hermit takes
depends on how antithetical she finds monstersto be, and whether
other imbued are any more deserving or completely dispensable.

Recarning Gonvicr ion

Conviction is normally gained through risking points on
successful edge rolls. The Storyteller can award points for
actions appropriate to your character's creed, though. As a
general rule, Hermits gain Conviction when they either act
effectively from a distance or when their distant aid allows
other imbued to complete a task. A Hermit who kicks in a
door alongside an Avenger and helps beat a zombie into paste
probably doesn't gain Conviction. The one who stalks the
zombie beforehand, however, and tells the Avenger to attack
when it's already injured probably would.

Here are some guidelines to awarding (or removing)
Conviction points based on a Hermit's actions. No more than
one point should be granted per game session for such actions,
even if more than one is performed. The constant onslaught of
the static is usually sufficient to remind Hermits that individual
successes don't absolve the hunter of the life he now leads.

© Gain a point of Conviction when your character
successfully interprets a message from the Heralds that di-
rectly saves a life — whether his own or another's.

* Gain a point of Conviction when your character success-
fully escapes or avoids a creature's concerted effort to attackhim.

Gain a point of Conviction when your character provides
useful information to other imbued that achievesa goal, whether
significant to him or in regard to monsters.

¢ Gain a point of Conviction when your character learns
a critically important fact about a creature or group of crea-
tures that could undo them, save them or put them to rest.

© (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your
characters gains information that could save a life or do im-
mense good, but he fails to communicate it effectively.

* (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction when your
character trusts someone implicitly and his trust is abused.

* (Optional) Loseapointof Conviction when your character's
guidance directly causes someone to be injured or killed.

Drnancemenys

Every Hermit has to find a personal way to come to terms
with the feelings of isolation that the calling imposes. Forced
exile always manifests in a derangement of one sort or another,

and it can never be overcome. The onus on the Hermit is to
learn to cope with the fact of her derangement, rather than to
try to find ways to cure it. Any character who did miraculously
find a way to cure her creed derangement would have to learn
how to completely shut out the static. Such a Hermit would be
so divorced from the hunt that she would lose all access to her
edges and Patron Background — assuming any of this is even
possible and that the Heralds would ever let one of their own go.

As stated at the beginning of this chapter, all Hermits
start play with one derangement, automatically. However,
the punishment they endure attunes them somewhat to the
whims of the Heralds. They suffer less mental anguish later in
their existence, when Virtue scores become high and hunters
of other creeds would normally lose touch with reality.

The hunt is still traumatic for Hermits. Contact with the
Messengers doesnot anesthetize them to terror, personal loss or
tragedy. Through the course of play, a Hermit may acquire new
mental problems, particularly if she is exposed to grotesque
scenes; if her failures lead directly to death and destruction,
such as idly passing on critically flawed information; or if she
negligently forgets to convey vital facts or intelligence. The
Storyteller decides when such ailments are appropriate to your
Hermit's experiences. These experiences may be unique from
her starting condition, based more on the circumstances that
trigger the new problem, or may elaborate on her starting
deficiency, compounding that derangement.

Overcoming mental ailments acquired on the hunt typi-
cally involves your Hermit finding a way to fully understand and
chronicle the events that triggered the condition. She may need
a long period of seclusion and peace to go back over events and
discover not only what went wrong, but why the various partici-
pants — herself included — acted as they did, what could have
been changed, and what information could have prevented the
disaster. She may not need to withdraw completely from contact
during the recovery process, but she certainly has to spend many
hours each week alone, preparing detailed accounts of the event
to force herself to face up to her memories (not to mention that
you might have to spend several Willpower points). If your
character needs professional assistance, she may have to obtain
itfrom expensive and time-consuming research with psychologi-
cal books rather than findinga doctor to confide in. Afterall, how
could any therapist understand your character's dilemma?

After sufficient time and effort, your Hermit may be able
to lay a mental problem to rest — at the Storyteller's discre-
tion. Part of her treatment might involve a detailed document
of the events and symptoms of the problem, and notes on how
to ensure similar events do not happen again, which she could
be driven to disseminate using the Message in a Bottle
technique described later in this chapter. Note that, like a
Hermit's starting derangement, it is hardly ever possible to
eliminate the conditions imposed by a 9 or 10 Virtue rating.
Hyrocuoxbaig

People are dirty, filthy, disgusting bags of flesh, riddled with
every germ, virus and parasite you can imagine. Those who
routinely hang around with dead bodies are a million times worse.

Every person you meet is a vector — a possible avenue of
infection. Constant vigilance is needed to stay healthy. Soap and
water! Air purifiers! Boiled and filtered water! Those are good
starts, but to remain healthy, it's really better to isolate yourself as
much as possible from all the vectors


Of course, germs are everywhere, so it's impossible to remain
healthy allthe time. Infact, nooneisever "perfectly healthy." We've born
sickand getsicker itil we die. .. butthe germsaren't getting you without
a fight! Antioxidants! Vitamin E! Sunscreen and insect repellent!

The hypochondriac constantly believes himself sick
and in danger of getting sicker. A mild form of this neurosis
is characterized by persistent research into dangerous or
exotic diseases, along with attempts to avoid these diseases
or treating oneself for them. In game terms, any time
someone mentions illness to your mildly hypochondriac
character, you must make a successful Willpower roll,
difficulty 6, to resist babbling neurotically about his latest
set of symptoms. (This sort of verbal discharge can cause
trouble with Social rolls.)

When a hypochondriac enters a "hot zone" — some-
where with unsanitary conditions such as a city dump or the
home of an invalid — he flees immediately unless you spend
a Willpower point. Even then, all die pools are reduced by one
while your character is "exposed."

A more severe form of hypochondria is psychosomatic
illness. A person with this condition so thoroughly believes in his
infirmity that his body conforms to the belief. An example of this
is someone who has convinced himself that he has emphysema;
he coughs constantly and is unable to catch his breath. This
forced coughing can eventually damage lungs that were previ-
ously healthy. Similarly, someone with a psychosomatic bout of
influenza may throw up even though no physical illness causes
the symptom. Extreme cases may result in blindness or deafness.

A psychosomatic illness typically imposes a permanent
level of bashing damage. That level disappears if your charac-
ter can be treated for his derangement.

Demornobin

Look at them. The individual human is beautiful — or at least
comprehensible. You can deal with ajperson, one on one. But put them
intoamass and you get a faceless, impersonal jelly, crammed together on
acity street, dead-eyed, uncaring. Just a press of flesh. and impatience

Crowds. Crowds are vile. You can't have mass hysteria
without the mass. People are at their most dangerous when they're
packed in a herd. They get stupid, hypnotized. They give in to
group-think and the mob mentality. Watch "Triumph of the Will."
Just watch it. All those glazed German eyes, shining lusifully up at
Hitler, begging. "Enslave me. Please. Tell me what to do. Tell me
who to murder. It'll be glorious."

That's just human beings. Add some monsters to the mix and
it gets so nightmarish it's almost a joke. A crowd of people is a sea
ofanonymity, ready to turn into a tidal wave if conditions are right,
ready to smash and riot because a collective is blameless, no face to
identify, no ass to kick and no soul to damn. What sharks swim in
that sea? What creatures are at home in the seething madness,
breathing in the crowdl's sickness for sustenance? What beasts pull
the strings, light the fuses and trigger the stampede?

‘A demophobe is aftaid of crowds. It's like a specialized
form of claustrophobia, only instead of being enclosed by
walls or buildings, the demophobe fears being surrounded by
human beings. This sort of feeling can stem from several
plausible hunter traumas. Someone caught in a riot could
easily become nervous around masses of people. A hunter who
was injured by normal people stampeding away from an
exposed monster might develop a fear of the human herd. On

the other hand, someone who tangled with a monster capable
of disguising itself as human could fear crowds simply because
they provide perfect cover for such beings.

Demophobes suffer a one- to three-dice-pool penalty to
most actions when in a crowd. The exact penalty is left to the
Storyteller's discretion, based on the size of the crowd and its
emotional intensity —relaxed versus riotous. Asa rule of thumb,
five or more people within a two-yard radius of the demophobe
is considered "crowding." Of course, this is situational. If your
character is alone on a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street
during Mardi Gras, he's still going to suffer. Spending a Will-
power point negates all penalties for a single scene.

Choc
cDGES

For most hunters, the powers they manifest during and
after the imbuing are terrifying, bizarre phenomena that, if
considered too long, might make a person question her own
sanity and even humanity. After all, normal people can't stop
beings in their tracks with a single word, or hide in plain sight
at will. Those capabilities seem to exceed what it means to be
human, and could make an imbued wonder how different she
really is from the creatures with which she contends

Hermits are no different. They're ordinary people granted
anything but ordinary powers. And yet, their situations, and
therefore their edges, are considerably different from any that
other hunters manifest. Perhaps Hermits' seeming proximity
to the Messengers makes them privy to special capabilities.
Maybe their inherent madness broadens their minds suffi-
ciently to inherit and master powers beyond even the imbued
norm, Or Hermits could just be cursed with capabilities that
they're not meant to comprehend oreven deal with — they're
just meant to use them to get a job done.

Specifically, most hunters are restricted in their powers.
Those of othercreeds are tied to or bound by the material world.
Almostall hunters' edges impact on the physical reality that the
imbued live in, understand, can see and can touch. Some edges
might affect ghosts that haunt the physical world, but those
powers still have foundation in that world. Other dimensions,
spirit realms and layers of reality available to some mons
and pethaps to the Messengers themselves — are denied to
hunters' capabilities and perception, almost as a rule,

Hermits' edges allow them to perceive and touch realms
beyond the physical plane. They can project their senses across
distances, communicate with other minds without speaking, and
travel as spirits without form — things that no other hunters can
do ot comprehend (and perhaps neither can Hermits). Ask an
outcast how he knows what he knows or has seen what he's seen.
and he won't be able to explain it rationally. He just knows and
sees, and is undoubtedly afraid of what he can do. Afterall, other
hunters are frightening for both the amazing things they can do.
and the pain they inflict in a Hermit's mind. But what does that
say about an outsider who can do so much more? Is his humanity
even a possibility anymore?

© Regen

Reach is the power to send one's senses elsewhere. Just as
some Visionaries can see and hear events that occurred at a
location at a different time, Hermits can perceive events that
occur nearby at the same time, as if they extend their mind's
eye beyond themselves.


Ovaze Ences

Hermits are transformed by their imbuing, often
more so than any other creed members. Their edges are
tied closely to their intended mission, whatever that
might actually be, and require intense contact with the
Messengers. Assuch, Hermit edges put tremendousstrain
on the minds of the few other hunters who acquire them.
Followers of other creeds cannot gain Hermit edges until
their Vision rating reaches at least 4. Furthermore, for
each Hermit edge that adherents of the Mercy and Zeal
creeds gain, they automatically develop one derange-
ment from the following list: Paranoia, Megalomania,
Manic-Depression, Compulsive-Aggressive Disorder,
Dissociation, Agoraphobia, Addiction or Demophobia.
(These ailmentsare detailed in the Hunter rulebook and
in the various creed sourcebooks.) These derangements
cannot be removed, just as with high-Virtue disorders.
Visionaries and Waywards, being fellow followers of
Vision and more attuned to Hermits, do not suffer these
derangements but muststill have 4 Vision before Hermit
edges can be acquired.

The edges of other creeds are not similarly restricted
for Hermits, pethaps due to the outcasts' connection tothe
Heralds. Ifa Hermit pulls even a fragment of meaning out
of thestatic when he encounters another hunter, he might
easily manifest and understand an Innocence or Defense
‘edge. In some cases, Hermits demonstrate edges from
other creeds even ifthey haven'tseen them in use or heard
about them. After all, they're tuned into the Heraldsatall
times; the Heralds empower Hermitsin any enigmatic way
the entities like. Hermits naturally tend toward Mercy-
based more than Zeal-based edges, however. They typically
hangback, observe and learn rather than leap into the fray.
If Zeal-oriented powers are developed, they usually assist
in a Hermit's information-gathering goals and should be
rationalized as such.

Reach applies to all five senses — touch, taste, sight,
scent and hearing. However, just because a Hermit can feel
what an opponenthas in his pocket doesn't mean he can affect
that object. The power offers clairsentience, not telekinesis.

This edge is not without its dangers. While a Hermit'ssenses
are elsewhere, he cannot hearor feel whathappens to his physical
body. Toan outsider, it looks like the Hermit is simply asleep —
but attempts to waken him don't work until hissentience returns.

Furthermore, particularly perceptive people (or beings) may
sense that they are being watched by a reaching Hermit. The
outcast has no "ghostly" form ofany kind while projecting, butcan
suggest a "presence" to the receptive.

System: Roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 6, and spend
one action to activate the edge. For each success, your character
can go "outofbody" fora maximum of approximately 10 minutes,
and you can make standard Perception rolls from a perspective
other than yourcharacter's physical location. Hecanreturn tohis
body instantly, at will. He returns forcibly if his body is ever
rendered Incapacitated while his senses are elsewhere, at which
point he is unconscious thereafter in body and mind. Ifhis body
is killed while reaching, his senses die, too.

Your Hermit can attempt to activate second sight (and its
associated protection) through Reach, but doing so is not
automatic. In addition to the usual Conviction cost, you must
make a successful Perception + Awareness roll, difficulty 6.
Second sight is active for the remainder of the scene and
protects both his sentience and body from supernatural tam-
pering. If the roll fails, a Conviction point is still lost and
neither part receives special awareness or protection; your
reaching character sees and detects only what he can with his
regular, human senses. Second sight may be activated before
reaching, bur the Perception + Awareness roll is still required
to maintain it while out of body. Repeated attempts to
activate second sight are allowed.

Reach hasarange of about 30 yards per point of Vision that
your character has. Your Hermit can move his senses around at
a "fast sprint" anywhere within that range, and is not impeded
by physical barriers. He can pass through walls, suffers no harm
when "hit" by a car and can pass through people. (All these
incorporeal capabilities assume your character can grasp their
possibility, though. It's human instinct to try to use a door
before walking through one, and it may take some time for your
character to realize that he can move through solid items.
Likewise, he probably avoids traffic until he's had considerable
experience reaching and masters his fear of being "run over.")

The static still applies to your character when he reaches.
Creatures or hunters within range of the approximate loca-
tion of your character's senses, not his body, invoke the noise.
All static rules apply normally thereafter (difficulty modifiers
may even interfere with attempting to activate second sight
while reaching).

If your Hermit's body is withina yard orso ofa Visionary, the
range hecan reach is doubled. Outcasts who have discovered this
benefit suspect some kind of intended teamwork for the hunters
involved, but can't explain it specifically. The proximity of some
other imbued simply helps with reaching, which contradicts
Hermits' normal relations with other hunters.

A subject of Reach may get an uneasy feeling of being
watched. Roll Perception + Awareness, difficulty 9, for normal
people (including other imbued). The difficulty drops to 8 for
animals and supernatural creatures. It's 7 for creatures with
supernatural senses or anyone with the Awareness Ability.

© © Six

With this capability, a Hermit can transmit words and
images directly into the mind of a fellow imbued. In theory,
this tool is invaluable: The Hermit and fellow hunters can
communicate silently and clearly without fear of being over-
heard. But of course, in theory Hermits weren't supposed to be
socially challenged recluses. ;

In practice, such communication tends to be similar to
messages received from the Heralds — garbled, cryptic, distract-
ing and unpleasant. Recipients can be frightened, startled,
disoriented or dimly aware of an idea forming in their head
without apparent source. Message recipients who have the
Patron Background, however, are unlikely to mistake a sending
for a genuine contact with the Heralds. Herald messages are
painful and confusing because they're pure intent transmitted
into an impure human medium. Hermit sendingsare painful and
confusing because they come from a different impure human.
Also, some sendings communicate more than a Hermit intends.


An outcast can only send to someone he can see or hear
directly with his naked eyes or ears. Sending should not be
confused with telepathy or mind reading: Only messages
projected deliberately can be sent to or received by a target.
This edge can't be used to eavesdrop on others' thoughts.
System: Roll Intelligence + Vision and spend one action to
activate thisedge. The difficulty is based on your character's target:
7 foranother hunter with second sight active; 8 foran imbued with
the sight inactive; 9 for a bystander. If your roll is successful, your
character can communicate a simple message — typically a
sketchy mental picture or something he could say in five words or
less. The more successes gained the clearer the communication.

Suecesses Clarity
1 A murky feeling that could be ignored easily.
2 (A fairy simple sense of what your chatacter means
3 ‘Good communication: Your character gets

some sense of the recipient's reaction.
4+ Instant rapport! Your character can mentally
"talk" to that person for 30 seconds
were on a telephone
A botch means that instead of makinga "conscious to
conscious" connection, your Hermit makes an "uncon-
scious to unconscious" one. Instead of what your Hermit
wants to show, the receiver gets a taste of his deepest fears,
hopes and desires — but only in her unconscious mind. She
may dream your character's dreams or recognize his hopes
when she sees him next. In any event, her next Social rolls in
regard to your character are at -| difficulty due to her uncanny
understanding of him. (Ifshe's not your Hermit'sally, she may
get a feeling of his identity, if he seeks to keep it secret.)
This power can be used successfully on a single subject
no more than once per scene.

Your character cannot send a message while also using
the level-one Reach power. Messages can be sent only when
your character's senses are still in his own body.

Send cannot be used to deliver messages to normal
people or monsters.
eee Fpcr

A Hermit locks eyes witha target and —fora split
second— that person or thing sees itselfas the Messen-
gers see him. It's not verbal or visual
communication. It's sudden visceral percep-
tion of the vastness of the universe and the
insignificance or undesirability of the subject
in that milieu. The Hermit virtually becomes
a transmitter for the Heralds' judgment, bur-
dening a target with the static.

For supernatural creatures, Edict often
inflicts excruciating rage or despair. (Imagine if
God spoke to you from a pillar of flame and His
first words were, "You are worthless.") For ordi-
nary humans, it's less painful. Some people are
unaffected, some are depressed anda very few (who
are particularly humble or selfless) are actually
buoyed by their own sense of worth. For other
imbued, Edict can be a curse (when they per-
ceive the extremely long hard road they have
ahead) or a blessing (when they get confir-
mation that they're on the right path).

EE

CHAPTERS: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

System: Roll Manipulation + Vision, difficulty 6, and
spend one action as your character and the subject's eyes meet.

If the target is a supernatural creature, it automatically
loses a point of Willpower for every success you achieve, toa
minimum rating of zero. Ancient ot powerful creatures are as
likely to be affected as young ones, the former glimpsing the
abominations they have become and the suffering they have
caused, the latter sensing the misdirection their lives have
taken and the humanity they have lost.

If the target is a regular person (or bystander) who serves
the forces of the supernatural, whether wittingly or not (such
as being a human pawn or agent of monsters), he or she loses
one point of Willpower, no matter how many successes you

achieve in your Manipu-

lation + Vision roll.
Other normal people
who live selfish oreven


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

abusive lives, but who do not directly serve monsters in any
way, suffer no effect. Meanwhile, those rare people who seek
to live some kind of deserving or rewarding life can gain a
sense of encouragement or worth in the encounter with your
character. They gain a point of Willpower.

If the subject isa hunter, the Storyteller decrees whether
that person has been true to her personal beliefs and values in
the hunt (ie., her creed) or has denied or abandoned her
ethics of late. The former gains a point of Conviction and the
latter loses a point. Those who behave neutrally —staying on
and straying from their respective paths in equal measure —
get a sense of being analyzed, but are not judged.

No hunter can gain or lose more than one Conviction point
per chapter from use of this edge. Hermits and Waywards, being
in close contact with the Messengers at all times, are completely
unaffected by this edge. High-virtue Hunters are similarly more
challenging to affect — the difficulty of your roll equals the
extremist's highest Virtue rating, which should be 7 or more. No
monster or person can be affected by this power more than once
per game session.

Whether a target is a monster, hunter or a regular
person, being evaluated by a Hermit's piercing gaze is un-
nerving. Being found wanting is horrible; the creature feels
insignificant, irrelevant and sinful, and inexplicably under-
stands that its goals are in direct contradiction to the natural
order. This is extremely upsetting and depressing and might
even prove frightening, driving a creature off. On very rare
ns, this judgment may be accompanied by actual
physical pain. By contrast, hunters who fulfill their roles are
heartened and encouraged, gaining new levels of self-belief
and personal worth.

Edict has no effect on animals or creatures with subhu-
man intelligence. One needs a certain level of intellect to
suffer an existential cr

This edge cannot be used in conjunction with Reach, since
your Hermit does notuse his physical eyes when seeing remotely.

© © TRANSCEND

With this edge, a Hermit can step out of his body as a
spirit, not just with his senses as he can with Reach. He can
move instantaneously to any point on Earth that he has
previously visited physically or astrally, or from which his
body holds an object. He can travel to these places at speeds
of up to 1,000 miles per hour (250 miles per 15 minures). In
addition, some other edges can be used by the disembodied
spirit. Physical edges such as Cleave don't work, but non-
physical ones like Send, Burden and Discern do. Yourcharacter
can also make very small changes in the physical world —not
enough tododamage oreven turn ona lightswitch, but maybe
enough to knock a piece of paper to the floor or to write a
message in the condensation on a window.

Astral existence is not safe. A Hermit feels solid to
other spirit entities (most notably ghosts) and they feel
solid to him. This means hand-to-hand fights can occur
between otherwise immaterial beings. A Hermit is also
visible to hunters with active second sight or perception-
based edges suchas Discern, Witness or Illuminate. Hunters
perceiving the "spirit Hermit" are likely to think him a
ghost, unless he takes the time — perhaps using Send — to
try to inform them otherwise.

~~

System: Spend a point of Conviction and roll Stamina +
Vision, difficulty 8. Your character must also spend an action
to activate this power. If successful, your character leaves his
body and enters a different realm, one that surrounds the
material world but doesn't affect it directly. For each success
rolled, your Hermit can remain "astral" for 15 minutes. At the
end of that time, he returns to his body instantaneously and
cannot leave it again for at least 24 hours. He may also return
prematurely at will.

In astral form, Wits is used instead of Dexterity, Intelli-
gence instead of Stamina, and Manipulation instead of
Strength. This change applies for all interactions between
astral bodies, but not for the use of edges.

Astral forms can fight. The Hermit's astral body has the
same health levels as his physical body at the moment he
projects. If he's killed while astral, the character dies and his

possessing spirit. All "astral damage" is healed when yout
Hermit returns to his physical form. It is absolutely impossible
forany Hermit to enter any vessel other than his own physical
body — he cannot possess any creature or object, even
another Hermit who is in a "projecting coma."

Your character can activate second sight and its protec-
tion while projecting, bur it affects his astral self only, not his
dormant body. The static also applies to your character when
he projects. Creatures or hunters within range of the approxi-
mate location of your character's spirit, not his body, invoke
the noise. All static rules apply normally thereafter.

As with Reach, a Hermit using Transcend cannot sense
what happens to his physical body. He returns forcibly if his
body is ever rendered Incapacitated while his spirit is else-
where, and he is unconscious thereafter in body and soul. Ifhis
body is killed while transcending, his spirit dies, too.

It costs one Willpower point to affect the material world
in a meager way when projecting, as described above. Your
character's spirit can also pass through material objects as
discussed under Reach. It's impossible to speak to physical
beings while projecting, although the Send edge can be used
to communicate.

Anyone in your projecting character's vicinity may
sense his presence. Roll Perception + Awareness, difficulty
9, for normal people (including other imbued). The diffi-
culty drops to 8 for animals and supernatural creatures. It's
7 for creatures with supernatural senses or anyone with the
Awareness Ability. "Spectral displays" performed by your
character, such as writing in the condensation on a mirror,
are blatant evidence of some kind of presence. Ordinary
people and hunters without active second sight whosuccess-
fully sense or perceive evidence of such otherworldly existence
lose control of themselves as if they had seen a ghost
(Hunter Storytellers Companion, p. 13). Other hunters
might have a chance to activate second sight reactively
(Hunter, p. 133) and can then see your character as an
incorporeal being — although not necessarily "wrong" as a
genuine ghost might look.

The level-five Redemption power Suspend can trap a
Hermit's transcending spirit in the Redeemer's presence.
Other hunter edges that affect spirits can affect a projecting
Hermit if they are used on him.


© © PRociniM

With Edict, a Hermit can show a creature its insignifi-
cance or blasphemy in the world. With Proclaim, she can
actually bring that being to the Heralds' attention.

This is not an imbuing, but it sure brings back memories
tothose whoare already imbued. The effect conjures the same
overwhelming sense of need and duty backed by otherworldly
power and intelligence — the same pain and revelation.

Asfor its effects on the unnatural, it seems to be madden-
ingly agonizing — literally. They generally go into hysterics
and don't seem to be the same afterward.

Proclaiming to a creature is not necessarily easy or safe.
‘The Hermit becomes a conduit through which the power of
the Messengers flows, and their view of How It Is goes head to
head against the will and worldview of the monster. If the
Hermit was a perfect medium for the Messengers' will, it
would be no contest. But, as we know, Hermits are far from
perfect. Ifa monster's will to resist is greater than the Hermit's
desire to proclaim, the Hermit may suffer from grievous
psychic trauma.

Most amazing of all, proclaiming to an existing bystander
gives her a second chance, bringing her back to the Messen-
gers' attention asa potential new recruit. Unless the bystander
deliberately shies away asecond time, she can join the imbued
asa genuine hunter. Proclaim has no effect on humans who
have not already been exposed to the imbuing — it cannot be
used to spontaneously imbue people.

This edge is triggered by speaking in tongues. Some
theorize that the words spoken are a heretofore unknown
spoken equivalent of hunter code.

System: Spend two points of Conviction and roll Vision.
If proclaiming to hunters or bystanders, the difficulty is 6. If
proclaiming to creatures, the difficulty is the highest current
Willpower in the group, maximum 10. Potential targets must
be within your character's sight. Your character spends one
full turn blathering at the targets to activate the power.

For each success rolled while addressing imbued, one of
them enters close contact with the Messengers as if she
possesses the Patron Background, assuming she doesn't
already, and it is active for the rest of the scene. The

Storyteller may take this opportunity to confront each and
all recipients with hallucinations, dreams, spoken messages
— like those of any imbuing — to communicate informa-
tion directly to the chosen. These signs and symbols can be
as disorienting and nonsensical as ever, but they should
allude to something important to hunter origins or purpose,
or to dangers or important events yet to come in the
chronicle. It's a great chance to give characters prophetic
roles in the game, all thanks to the channeling Hermit. The
Storyteller decides if hunter subjects of Proclaim suffer
difficulties to actions attempted while confronted with
messages from above.

If your character allocates at least two successes to a
bystander when proclaiming, and in the presence of at least
‘one monster, that bystander has a chance to be imbued
again. The bystander's reaction determines creed as it would
at any imbuing. If he fails to respond again, he remains a
bystander forever thereafter. (No further uses of Proclaim
grant another opportunity.)

CHAPTERS: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

The effect of proclaiming to supernatural creatures de-
pends on the number of successes achieved. Successes are
allocated to or among monsters as you choose.

Result

Your Hermit gains a derangement or loses a

point of Intelligence, permanently.

The creature gains a derangement that lasts

for the rest of the scene.

The creature gains a derangement that lasts

for 24 hours.

3+ Allocated The creatures gains a permanent derangement

or loses a point of either Willpower or
Intelligence, permanently.

Derangements inflicted on creatures by Proclaim are
typically phobias, fugues or paranoia. The Storyteller decides
exactly which derangement affects each creature, and how
the creature reacts to the sudden onslaught of mental tor-
ment. (Fora quick and dirty system, assume the creature loses
a die from every pool for the duration.)

Iffewer successes are rolled than hunters and/or monsters
are present, you have to choose which ones are the recipients
of these effects, and how many successes apply to each target
in the case of bystanders and monsters.

A Hermit can use this power only once per day. It has no
effect on other Hermits or Waywards; they're already close to
the Messengers and subject to intense contact. The Story-
teller has the option of making truly ancient or powerful
monsters immune to Proclaim, or they might be subject to it
only if enough successes are applied to them.

Message na Borrte

Although they apparently made a fundamental error
with Hermits, or else modern humanity simply couldn't cope
with contact with the heavens, the Messengers sought to
make the creed as effective as possible. Presumably, Hermits
were originally intended to communicate with one another
regularly and pass knowledge on to other chosen who needed
it. To assist this, the Messengers decided to help in this process
by taking documents and other sources of knowledge created
by Hermits and distributing them, using coincidence and
apparent random error to make sure the items fell into the
hands of the appropriate imbued. That way, chosen who did
not know a Hermit would still be able to receive the informa-
tion they needed, and traveling Hermits would get the material
that they were supposed to. At least, that's how some outcasts
try to explain themselves, and hunter-researchers such as
Fyodor have begun to accept and promote these claims.

Although their creed is flawed, Hermits still seem ca-
pable of relaying what they experience and learn on the hunt
to some degree. When one prepares information in the proper
way and leaves its dispersal to suitably random forces, the
Messengers might take over and ensure that the people who
need it get it. Although no Hermit is fully conscious of this
process, all are able to do it and repeatedly find themselves
driven to reach out. Alone on their cramped islands of
isolation, Hermits are occasionally compelled to create "mes-
sages in a bottle" of one form or another, and throw them out
into the world.

Successes

Botch

1 Allocated

2 Allocated


The recipients of these messages are usually Visionari
or fellow Hermits. Of all creeds, they have sufficient familiar-
ity with the Messengers and their teachings to potentially see
any of the truth contained within a message. Other creeds can
and do receive communications, and may be able to under-
stand any direct warnings or strategic information therein,
but material applying to the big picture of the hunt usually
makes sense to only Visionaries and other outcasts.

Anchorite Press' "Apocrypha" is the most widely distrib-
uted message-in-a-bottle document yet produced. As the first
Hermit to try proper publication asa means for this technique,
Violin has produced a large supply of material for distribution.
Copies of the book turn up through underground sources,
through word of mouth and in odd bookshops around the
world for hunters of all creeds to "stumble upon." Even so,
other Hermits and Visionaries are the ones most likely to be
able to distinguish fact from fancy within.

Yue Gnearive Urce

Hermits are repeatedly driven to produce message-in-a-
bottle documents during the course of their existence. Each
time a Hermit is about to acquire another Vision point, she
feels a powerful need to record or express her insights and
experiences that have led up to that acquisition. This force
builds within her each time her Conviction increases until,
when 10 Conviction are cashed in for a Vision point, she is
compelled to create a message . (Conviction exchanged for
another kind of Virtue doesnot demand creation ofa message.
Nor are messages created for the first Vision points a Hermit
acquires at character creation.)

The technique for creating a "message in a bottle" is
subconsciously known toall Hermits, and is quite simple. Any
medium of storing and transmitting information can be used,
from writing or drawing on paper through recording audio or
video cassettes, all the way to composing an email or, like
Violin, publishing a book. Your Hermit draws upon the signs
and hints passed on to her by the Heralds, along with fragments
from the static, things she has seen with Reach, material from
hunters or from other sources, and her own insights and
deductions, and pours the collected rantings out onto the paper,
keyboard or whatever. Your character always has justification
for her actions — keeping a daily diary, making a record of
interesting happenings, describing events toa friend or relative,
or even performing a psychological exercise. Violin's letter of
previous chapters, written without a specific recipient and
apparently at the behest of Fyodor, is a good example of a
rationale for a message in a bottle in the making.

Once the document is finished (that is, once the Hermit
has said everything she has to say — a process that demands
about two days' work and the investment ofa Willpower point),
she must cast the message out for the Heralds to deliver. Fora
piece of paper, tharcan be assimpleas balling itup and throwing
it out. Larger items can be "accidentally" dumped in the trash,
left in a café, put in an envelope or mail sack with no delivery
or return address, or sent to a small-press magazine for publica-
tion. Faxes can be sent to "wrong" numbers, and emails might
be sent prematurely, even with blank recipient windows. A
physical book like "Apocrypha" can be put in general circula-
tion, even if it's overlooked by almost everyone except the
imbued. The need to dispose of, relinquish or fire off the

a

document can be rationalized by the Hermit in terms of
dispensing with a foolish waste of paper, as careless treatment
of the material or even as something "funny" to do.

Only some Hermits genuinely know that they compose
documents for distribution by the Powers That Be. Yet, ifany
one fails to relinquish hers immediately, a nagging sense of
dissatisfaction with the document builds day by day until she
is finally so fed up with the item that she discards the message
in exactly the sort of random way that allows it to be passed on
to an appropriate recipient. Indeed, until the message is
dispatched, the Hermit is unable to gain a Vision point.

As soon as an item is released, your Hermit is granted a
modicum of relief from the static, almost as a reward for
performing her duties. The Heralds' attention is temporarily
focused on getting the message in a bottle to the right
recipient and away from your character. For a week after
sending a message, the effective range for triggering the static
is reduced to one-half of your character's usual level, making
life somewhat more bearable for her.

By the time your Hermit attains 3 Vision, 1 Mercy and |
Zeal, she has been through the process enough times to
suspect that the Messengers guide her hand, that the effort
makes her feel positive for a while, and reduces aggravation
caused by the static. She may also start to receive enough
messages herself — see below — that she begins to sense the
unique communal pain shared by all outsiders.

Manine rr Reat

If you or the Storyteller decide that your character is about
to gain Vision from a Conviction exchange, based on story
events or personal development, you can prepare for the
creation of a message. Your character may be inspired and drop
out of the hunt for days to capture the thoughts and realizations
she's had. Such dedication might even be at the detriment of
other imbued who need your character's help or contribution,
It all depends on how badly your character feels the need for
greater insight and understanding (how much you need that
next Virtue point). Acquisition of it might mean the develop-
ment of a new Vision-based edge that makes a considerable
improvement in your Hermit's efforts on the hunt. That differ-
ence might outweigh the immediate needs of fellow hunters.

You're encouraged to actually design the document that
your character creates, making a real-world version of her
expressions. The Storyteller should offer you some cryptic
insights into coming events in the chronicle —a warning ofa
monster looming, a threat ofa character trailing from the cause,
acaution of the dangers of obsession for the hunt — and allow
you to interpret them into your work. He can then incorporate
your creation as an actual prop in your game, which) other
players might receive. Imagine the Storyteller throwing a
balled-up piece of paper at a player mid-game, seemingly
without provocation, as his character walks downa street. Who
knows where such real-world items can lead your game?

Incoming Messages

The flip-side of creatinga message ina bottle is that every
so often, your character is the recipient of one of them. Even
members of others creeds occasionally receive these cryptic
communications, which might be theoretical discussions,
diary entries, rants, third-party case notes or just about any-


thing else. They may seem bland and irrelevant, or as cryptic
as one of the Heralds' own communications, but the messages
always contain material that the recipient finds useful —once
it has been deciphered.

For the Merciful and Zealous, messages tend to be
timely warnings, information about objects, creatures or
locations that the recipient is involved with or that pose a
threat, or accounts of events that clearly highlight danger-
ous flaws ina plan or that foreshadow events to come. The
journals of the imprisoned Tyrone Bellamy (Hunter Book:
Martyr), faxed around the imbued community by Hermit
Celia Goldman and the Muslim Federation, are an excellent
example of imbued of various creeds receiving messages.

Hermits and Visionaries tend to receive messages that
are more abstract — rantings and wild theories that other
hunters would discount as sheer lunacy. However, careful
study generally brings the recipient to greater understanding
or acceptance of an issue that she was uncertain of, or a
message may offer tools for the hunt, such as new code signs

CHAPTERS: EDICTS FROM ABOVE

or hints on how to learn an edge from a different creed. Some
messages received by Hermits or Visionaries might be no
more useful than the daily newspaper. Still others may invigo-
rate your character in the hunt and its purpose, offering
Conviction or Willpower points. In the last case, your hunter
isreassured thatshe ison theright track, that her assumptions,
priorities or ways of dealing with the world are correct, oreven
that actions she has taken or information she has passed has
helped save lives.

The content and frequency of messages that a character
receives are always at the Storyteller's discretion. He alone
may specify the benefits or knowledge, if any, that can be
gained by studying a particular message in a bottle. Those
created by Hermits of increasingly higher Vision rating are
particularly Byzantine, confusing and elaborate — but might
also contain the most revelatory truths. When such docu-
ments are introduced spontaneously into your game, the
Storyteller should design them as props just as you can for your
own character's creations.


CHAPTER G: ANCHORITES

They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they
found no city to dwell in.
— Psalms 107:4

Receiving the word of the heavens puts a traumatic s
on Hermits — more than their mere mortal bodies and minds
can withstand. The result is often people driv
tion, afraid of human contact, wary of any who approach and
rated Tes the} are UE , confronted with monstrous
ponded to somehow. Out-
sts deal oe all bee pressures in various ways, almost
a product of who they were before the imbuing and
who they have become since — as beleaguered human beings.
This chapter profiles some of these people for you to use as
characters or to introduce into your chronicle. Elaborate on
them as you like and make them your own.


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

Prelude: You've heard all the names:
Hayseed. Yokel. Hick. All from people
who'd starve dead in a week if the
supermarket and the Starbucks
closed down.

Who needs ‘em? You
don't. You got the same farm
your great-grandpa farmed. You
got woods full of deer and squir-
rels. You got streams full of fish.
Those city folks need you, which is
probably why they turn up their
noses. They need to eat and
you've got food. What do they
have that you need? Investment
tips? Faster Internet access? Imported
gizmos from wherever?

Crapola, Na

The only thing they have A
that you need is money. Because
truth to tell, that's something of
a sore spot. Used to be, a man
could farm and fish and live all
right selling his surplus. Now
those factory farms, they've

} bought the best land. They're
getting all the deals from the
fertilizer companies, all the deals from
the seed companies, because when you
buy insecticide for a million acres, no
one needs to bother selling to the
little guy.

So instead of peddling everything
you grow at the lousy co-op, you've
found this place in the city where people
pay crazy prices for a squash that was
grown without chemicals. (Orat least
you say it was grown without chemi-

cals.) "Organic produce," they call it. Sure. Whatever. Just
don't forget to sign the checks.

So, one day you're in the city dropping off some
pumpkins and right there, right in the middle of the
strip mall, the ground cracks open and dead folks come
out. You'd heard crazy Ned go on and on about the
\ angry dead taking revenge when their graves were
aN violated. You figured it was bullshit. Maybe now you
PEN owe him an apology.

One thing's for sure, though, that kind of
thing wouldn't happen out in the country.
Now that you know how dangerous the city

really is, you're tempted to let those city
folks stew in their own juice. Especially
since most of them are too dumb to
recognize what's happening. But then,
you didn't know that long ago, either.

Besides, if you can't get the city
folks to fight the things in their own
backyard, there's no friggin' way
they'll bail you out if the things
make it out to the country. It's war,
and you'd rather fight it on their turf
than yours.

Concept: You're fiercely ine
dependent and have a chip on
yourshoulder. Atthesame time,

you know you're not as indepen-
nt as you pretend. Even while
you can't stand people, you know that
if you let the monsters kill them, there won't be
anyone left to fight when they come for you.

Roleplaying Hints: City folk are the most
gullible people in the world. They think that long
division stops you cold if you're from further than,
the suburbs. So play on that. Give 'em what they
want. Act dumb — until it's time to be smatt.

Equipment: Pick-up truck, shotgun, tractor


NaweE: NATURE: Traditionalist PRIMARY VIRTUE:
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Curmudgeon CREED:
CHRONICLE: Concert Starminc Convicnon:

bem en ewe, ATRIBUTES Si te ee SE
PHYSICAL - Social MENTAL

Strengkh———___ @ ®@ @ 00 Charisma @@000 Perception____@® @ ®0 0
Dexterity ———__ @0O Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence e

Stamina {LongHous) @ @ @ @ O Appearance @e000 Wis_—___ ee @ e009

oe ete ek See AB)||[|ES Se te ee
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness_____@ 0 O Animal Ken. Cy Academics(Agialnm)@ ® O ©
Athletics ______O_ 0. O Crafts__(Engines) _@ Bureaucracy. @o°
Awareness —____O 0. O Demolitions < Computer____O O
Brawl__..__©®0O090 Drive Finance—____ @
Dodge____9 90 Etiquette. Investigation. ox.
Empathy_____o 0 Firearms Law—_____ 0 °
Expression___O O ¢ Melee. Linguistics__O <
Intimidation omen Performance Medicine______ @ _«
Intuition _____@ @ ¢ Security. Occulr____o
Leadership____ 9 QO90 Stealth Politics. C
Subterfuge. @oo00 Survival. Research__.— 0 ¢
Tolerance @@000 Technology. Science____O

open ek ey ADVANTAGES Semmes ete Se SE
BACKGROUNDS Epes VIRTUES
Name Creep LeveL ~— TRIGGER Mercy Vision ZEAL

Animal Companions @ @ OO © Reach Solitude ©0000 5 ox

© Cleave vengeance®OOOO é — a

° 90000

5) 90000
o) 00000
>
>

omen x )

OOCOOCCOOCCO00

OO09000000
OCOO0O000000

o°0
oO

00000. C
90000 we
eee a. oD ae es pects: — ie
eumca DERANGEMENTS vee 9 tems CONVICTION me emcee HEALTH ee eee
Paranoia @ee@eo0o000000 Bruised

aaa = WILLPOWER —— Hurt

ee@e@ed0d0000 — ci
Qo00000000 Maulad

oman: EXPERIENCE —=—— Crippled
Incapacitated


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

God, I hate people,

Prelude: The stylites were early Christian zeal-

ots who
columns of stone, seeking enlightenment. Lucky
bastards. They never had to deal with a landlord
who thinks that just because he can't change
the rent on an apartment, he doesn't have to
change the light bulbs, either. The stylites
didn't have to deal with that fat cow in 4A
asking them to watch her cats while she goes
on vacation. "The vet charges so much to
board them and there's only three and you
seem like such a nice young girl." They
didn't have to deal with getting asked
out by "Rodney-c-c-call-me-R-r-raw"
from 7D, whose tongue stud and
leather jacket haven't changed his
stutter or his boondocks accent.
They don'thave to deal with Stefani
on the other side of your bedroom
wall having loud, Cosmo-girl mul-
tiple orgasms every Friday night after
the '70s retro clubs shut down.

You wish you were deaf. You
wish you had atrocious body odor.
You wish you had leprosy or that
you were a huge one-eyed man with
scars and a chainsaw. Anything to
get all those puling, stupid, drippy
nosed people to stay away.

You'd leave the city, except
that you never have and figure that
people in the rest of the world are
just as stupid, if not stupider. (Hell,
when "R-rraw" moved here from
Idaho or Ohio or wherever, he prob-
ably lowered the average IQ in both
places.) At least in the city you've got
universities, museums, and afew people
educated enough to be tolerable.

You spend your days in librar
where the quiet is mercifully enforced.
Your name is known to a small but suffi-
cient circle as an excellent researcher

nt out in the desert and sat on tall

ecker. Those are the good times, Most
of the time you have to make ends meet by
editing execrable manuscripts, doing transla-
tion scut-work and digging up details for
authors too lazy and inept to do their own:
damn research.
Until one night one of the researchers
from the inner circle — a particularly
brilliant scholar of the Renaissance =
asked to meet you late. You agreed,
hoping to pick up some more luera-
tive work.
What he offered was not work.
He offered you the chance to live
forever. Before you even had a
chance to grasp the question, he
was attacked by a gang of punks,
You didn't want to get involved,
but you had to. He killed two of
them, but as he was going after
the third... maybe if she hadn't
been so young you would have let
the chips fall wherever, but...
You joined in. You stopped him,
Now, more than ever, you
envy the hermits on their pillars,
splendidly aloof and delightfully alone,
Concept: You're much more comfort-
able with what people produce — words,
ideas, languages and philosophies — than
you are with people. You prefer to deal with
thematadistance—correspondence, email
or by phone. Now you're faced with a situr
ation that seems to demand face-to-face
interaction, and you don't like it.
Roleplaying Hints: You're asullen loner
and everyone you meet is an irritating doofus
until they prove themselves otherwise, The
only thing that really brings you out of your
shell is a chance to show off your smarts.
Equipment: Stun gun, pepper spray,
frumpy clothes, bulky Pentium III computer,
endless notepads and countless books:


ag 4 Sy

Primary VIRTUE:
DEMEANOR: Curmudgeon CREED:
CHRONICLE: CONCEPT Srartinc CoNvicnion:

eben en wee, ATTRIBUTES Se sete ee Se
PHYSICAL SOciAL Marae
Strength @ @ 000 Charisma_____® 0000 Perception ee
Dexterity ____ @ ® 000 Manipulation @ee00 fritelligence ene e
Staminan——____ @ @ @ OO Appearance @e000 Wits_______e e@

open ce es AB) 1S SS te et Sw
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____@ ®@ 0 00 Animal Ken. »0000 Academics European @ eee.

Athletics__-_-_90 0000 Crafts. > 99 oo Bureaucracy. ino) @O000¢

Awareness 90% Demolitions. KG O Computer____ @ @ 0 ¢

Brawl (e) Drive _______e OO Finance.

Dodge. @ Etiquette. ec O Investigation ___

Empatl fe) Firearms____O ©

Expr @] Melee. 2)

Intimidation 3 Performance —____O
@ @)
2}
@<
@

@eo
@eo
ome me)

Oo
(9)
o)
SO Lai... ¢ oO oO

a)
2
90900 Medicine
Security. IQOOO Cccult
Stealth____9 0000 Politics.

Streetwise Survival___ 9 09000 Research (Rar Books)
Subterfuge eo Technology. @@000 Science C

hee en sweep ADVANTAGES Se eee ee
BACKGROUNDS EpGEs VIRTUES
Name = CREED _LEVEL TRIGGER Mercy VISION ZEAL

contacts ___@ @ @ 00 Reach solitude @0000 3 ex SS
Resources ___@ @ 00 © send ____solitude @@000 7 or
ex OL

Patron__..._§_-_@®@®@®0O0O OOOO. ®) Oo. °o.
90000 90000. —— = a
90000 OOO0O9, oa o_ a
00000 00009 O— oO. O—

00000 00000. hes an:
tm. an SS ae a Se Set

execs DERANGEMENTS seme 9 eee CONVICTION me emcee me HEALTH ee eee

Demophobia ll OHO OHOOOO OOO a
n= WiLLPOWER#+—=—— Hurt 1

@@©e@0000000 aed, "
Qg@qgqaggoaad4 Mauled 2
euemccees EXPERIENCE ———— Crippled 5
Incapacitated

Intuition

3

a

>

ny

BD}

oO

OO  Linguistics____ (@)

C ie)

9)

Leadership, 9)
e

BOO 0000000

le


Elike to watch.

Prelude: You have a love/hate relationship with people. People are fascinating, from the proper perspective and in
the proper doses. People are beautiful, when you look at them right and can take it in ata leisurely pace. But they can also
be nasty, cruel and capricious. You like people, you want people to like you, but you don't understand them and don't know
when they're going to tum on you. You can be talking to someone, chatting away, getting enthusiastic and suddenly she

turns to you and says, "You're starting to creep me out." Just like that. Bang. And suddenly all
the smart you thought you were turns into dumb, and all the fun turns into hot humiliation,
You've tried to understand people, but nothing you've heard through your shotgun
microphone or seen through your night-vision binoculars has made human interaction
any clearer. It was exciting, though — until you got arrested. When you paid your fine
and accepted the restraining order, you decided to move to a new town and start over.
For a while, it was a real relief to not know anyone.
After a few scary and unpleasant encounters with people you misread, you've
found a way around it. You've found a way to keep people at a distance, where you
can contact them without all that weird nonverbal face/ posture/ eye-contact
garbage getting in the way. The Internet is your salvation. There, people are just
words. All words. The best part. And the images of women there are
malleable, controllable — not volatile, unpredictable or puzzling. Get into
trouble and you can just shut down. That's better. Maybe there's
something wrong with you, but you're more comfortable with
your net-friends than you've ever been with anyone you've
met face to face. Some folks say people on the net lie —
showing false pictures, pretending to be who they aren't.
What does it matter? If the illusion is more fun than
"reality," then what claim does reality have to be superior?
And everything was going fine until one of your next-
doorneighbors came back from the dead. Youknew her because she was pretty
and you liked to watch her working in her garden. She died in a car crash —
you read about it in the paper. Her husband was going to sell the house when
she came back.
You knew you could get in big trouble for watching people, but a
walking corpse! Well, that was something you just had to figure out,
They argued, he ran away, and you convinced him to sell
the house to someone who wanted to tear it down and rebuild.
That seemed like a good idea. You've also found a web page and
list of people who seem to have had similar experiences, but
accessing the list makes your eyes blur and your ears ring, so you try
to keep your time there toa minimum.

Since that time, you've discovered that you can look at people
and things from far away, which is great. No one knows you're looking
at them, you can't be convicted, and you think you're finally starting
sto understand what people are really like. It's scary, but it's

exciting, too.
Concept: You prefer people at arm's reach. You'd like to
watch them, but you don't want them to be able to watch or affect you. Your new abilities are
\. great — but you keep seeinga lot of awfully nasty things, and you get this terrible feeling that you're
supposed to do something about them. Maybe if you get rid of the things that trouble you, you'll

be able to enjoy your newfound abilities in peace.

Roleplaying Hints: You've got no social skills and you like to watch people, especially pretty
women. Your deviant nature is somewhat under control, but you're still callous and careless with
people's emotions, because you really don't have any empathy.

Equipment: Night-vision binoculars, illegal shotgun microphone, cell phone and police-band
aners, old ham radio, Honda Civic, top-of-the-line computer with a really big monitor


NAwE: NATURE: Addict PRIMARY VIRTUE:
PLayER: DEMEANOR: Addict. CREED:
CHRONICLE: ConcEPT Srarninc CONVICTION:
oe bee cen soo, ATTRIBUTES See sete: ee Sr
PHYSICAL Social . MENTAL
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception Swim @@ee@
DexteritySninting @ @ @ @ O Manipulation @@09 0 0 Intelligence : @e00
Stamina @@@0°0 Appearance @@e@000 Wits @eooo
© heme en Swe A} )|)))ES Se ee ee
TALENTS Skits KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@000 Animal Ken omoke Academics_(Mah) @ ®OOO
Athletis____-9 0000 Crafts one) Bureaucracy. 00000
Awareness 90000 Demolitions ome Computer. coon @eeedD
Brawl 909000 Drive eoc Finance". 0 000
Dodge. 90000 Etiquette. 00 Investigation. eo
Empathy. 90000 Firearms oo¢ Law. ee
Expression. 90000 Melee oo¢ Linguistics oo¢
Intimidation 9000 Performance oo Medicine______O 0 « (
Intuition @0000 Security. ee Occult. OO0000
Leadership______9 0000 Stealth ee Politics, 900000
Streetwise 900000 Survival Researcha__-_O O09 00
5 C i Applied
Subterfuge @0000 Technology. ee Science Applicd @eeoo0o0

| on em sum, ADVANTAGES a. one? Sey

BACKGROUNDS EDGES VIRTUES
Name Creep Level ~— TRIGGER Mercy VISION ZEAL

‘Score Soe ‘Scort SPENT ‘Scort Spent

Resources __-@ ®@ ® O © Reach Solitude @0OOO. 1 e 0.
contacts @ @ OOO Hide Imaence@0000 1 s— 2—
00000. 4 fe) o_
00000. 5 ¢ oO— =
; 6 = =
00090. 7a o_ a
00000. 8 —_ —_

00000 100. oO 5

Soe a. 28 See es ee eee ee eee
ewmcu DERANGEMENTS «=e 9 eeemmcztu= CONVICTION =e

oteetmeee HEALTH eee,

Agoraphobia @ee@eoooo0o0od0n0 Braised Q
aan WILLPOWER "= ——— Hurt af (0

@e@e2e0000000 Injured 1Q
Qo00000000 bs is

owen: EXPERIENCE ——— Crippled 50

Incapacitated Q


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

Prowineny Herwirs

‘The following people are among the most noteworthy, or
simply well-known of Hermits, if such recognition can be
attributed to people who aspire to remain remote and anony-
mous. The inescapable need to respond to the Heralds' messages
is evidenced in these Hermits. Without such demands from
above, these imbued would surely turn their backs on the world
completely. To the "public" eye of fellow hunters, these people
are schizos and fuck-ups — hunters too warped to identify with.
Little do other imbued realize that these few represent the best
of a very rare and unique hunter mindset.

Wayne Beng

Wayne is a down-to-earth, grumpy type with little rime
orenergy for the broader philosophical questions of the world.
He's got his head down and is trying to get by withoutscrewing
up or looking like a clown.

Wayne grew up in Montana. His dad took off when he was
10, and his mom struggled pretry hard after that. Wayne spent
a couple of good summers with his loner uncle, hunting and
fishingalong the Canadian border, but when he wasold enough
to get a job he started helping support the family. He did okay
in high school, and when his mom died and his little sisters
moved away, he went to trade school and learned to repair cars.
Eventually, he moved to Denver to be near his sisters and there
met Beverly Modine. They got married and moved to Beverly's
hometown of El Paso, where Wayne opened a garage. Things
were okay fora couple years, until Beverly left him and moved
back to Denver. By that time, Wayne was settled.

Wayne is pretty skeptical about everything, but where
your standard urban-hipster-cynic thinks he's smarter than
everyone else, Wayne is just as skeptical and resigned about
his own intelligence. He believes he'll never figure anything
out, and letting himself chink he has is just pure dumb.

Wayne figures that most people are, by and large, worth
about the same (not much). He'd like to make things fair and safe

a>

and generally peaceful because, hey, what else is there? To
achieve his utilitarian goals, he'll do whatever he deems prudent.
He doesn't have big plans. He wants to make things perceptibly
betterin the short term, and todo that he's just as willing to align
himself with the "forces of darkness" as with the imbued.

See, Wayne's hookup with the Messengers has shown him
some pretty nasty, big-time badness, and he's got the feeling it'sall
coming down soon. Ifhe's right about the hard rain that'sabout to
fall, all the plans of critters and things are going to add up to shit.
Maybe making things good now is the last chance anyone willhave
for a long time. If he's wrong, well, that's nothing new.

Currently, that means riding shotgun over a group of
yahoos in Texas. Together, they're pretty efficient. He's been
careful to insulate himself, but the "Texas Ten" — whose real
number is always changing — have a fair amount of confi-
dence in their "mysterious benefactor." They might be less
sanguine if they knew he was partnering with a parasite's
parasite —a bruise named Maria who's hundreds of years old,
She takes full advantage of the Ten's activities to capture and
"protect" vampires so that she can continue to exist.

Wayne has no illusions about Maria, but she's useful.
He's sure she has no illusions about him, but finds him useful,
too. He figures he'll string her along as long as he can, then
have his buddies whack her. If she gets jumpy and does him
first, well, shit happens.

Pameta Drummond

Pamela is a nice young lady who's been flung headfirst
into several things that nice young ladies shouldn't have to
cope with. The first was an encounter with monstrous beings,
disguised as beautiful women at a party. The second is the
mental-health industry.

The well-meaning but utterly naive Dr. Wu convinced her
todoubr the reality of what she had seen and experienced, but at
the same time the Messengers were insistent that they were real.

Pamela finally decided to test her private hypothesis by
sending a letter to Paul Ferrie — a co-worker imbued at the
same time — containing a message in hunter code, She


showed the letter to Wu, and he couldn't understand the
important part, but Paul understood completely and called
her to reassure her that what she had seen was very, very real.

Pamelastill wasn't sure thatthe madness was in the world
and not her own mind. She had to find our, so she contacted
Ferrie again in the same fashion and arranged her own escape.

Unfortunately for Pamela, being around Ferrie and his
fellow hunters proved intolerable to her, but they refused to
take her problems with "noise" seriously. Pursued by "tumors"
while being held close by her own partners, Pamela was
perhaps lucky that the police caught her first.

She is no longer held at the institution where Wu still works.
She is incarcerated at a secure facility for the criminally insane.
They keep her on tranquilizers and anti-psychotics 24 hoursa day.

‘Wu stopped visiting her after she confronted him with
what the voices thought of him. He rationalized the experi-
ence as "losing his objectivity" in the case. It's possible that he
even consciously believes that — or tries to convince himself
as much. But on some fundamental level, Wu has seen the
truth and has been changed.

Alone in her cell, Pamela finds some peace from the
Messengers but only torment in her inability to get out and
change a world that needs her desperately. Only one thing
keeps her ftom utter despair. One ofher guards came by a week
ago with a small symbol writtenion.a matchbook. As he walked
toward her cell he wasaccompanied bya growingswell of voices
speaking of him, around him, about him, She breathed on her
window and drew a symbol. He nodded as he went by.

Ceun GoLdMAN

Celia Goldman, acourtstenographer, heard the voicesa few

ks after beginning a new job in Atlanta, Georgia. Working
in criminal court, she'd long before developed the detachment
necessary to record the most gruesome of details passively. But
the details of one case wouldn't be silent on her stenography
machine. The police woman's testimony of watchingher partner
retch blocduntil hedied, of the upscale condodevelopment with
desiccated bodies hidden behind the walls, of the 12-year-old

CHAPTER G: ANCHORITES

child supposedly responsible — it all made her blood run cold.
But she never stopped typing and recording. In fact, her typing
grew frantic and the words stopped making sense. Instead of the
details of cross-examination, she bashed out "EVIL WITHIN"
"MADNESS AWAITS THE" "THE JACKALS" and countless
other sentence fragments. No one noticed until she collapsed,
her fingers still typing madly at a keyboard that was no longer
there. Somewhere in the haze of that breakdown, Celia caught
a glimpse of a rotting corpse in judges' robes calling for order.

Celia spent over a year in and out of psychiatric hospitals on
a variety of drugs, trying to shake the schizophrenia that mani
fested whenever she was ina crowd. On the advice of her doctors,
she moved toasmall town andavoided crowds. Ithelped, butnot
thatmuch. Rushesof voicesand visions of things still haunted her.
It only started to make sense when she met Ibrahim Nasir.

A local black Muslim organizer, Nasir hardly seemed like an
ideal confidant to white, middle-class, Jewish Celia, but that's how
things tured out. Nasir showed upon her doorstep and told her he
had seen the things, too; that he had actually been in the courtroom
when she was "revealed," but that he was still "blind" at the time.
When he finallyawoke tothe truth, he remembered herand tracked
her down. The judge, he said, was beast who needed to be stopped.
She recognized the truth in his words despite — or perhaps because
of — the voices screaming in her head and the cramps in her hands.
After Nasir left, Celia wrote for 24 hoursstraight, venting the voices
onto every scrap of paper she could find,

Celia and Nasir have corresponded by email and other
remote means ever since. Nasir calls himself an organizer and
has gathered a few other chosen in the Atlanta area. Most are
African-American, and Nasir uses the Muslim Federation as
a cover for many of their activities. Celia exists on the
periphery of this group, acting as an occasional advisor and
aid. She spends much of her time scanning the news looking
for evidence of monstrous activity. She takes meticulous
notes and then faxes them to Nasir. She used connections at
court to find out details of the judge-monster's life; Nasir used
her information to destroy the creature in a back alley in
College Park. Celia's voices fell silent fora full week after that.

sir sent Celia a series of hand-written journal
entries froma prisoner on trial for murder. The journal revealed
that the prisoner—who never identified himself —was chosen
and fighting hidden monsters. Celia read the first journal over
a dozen times before realizing she had to share it with everyone
in the group. At 3 AM, she faxed it to numbers that she
misdialed in her exhaustion, and it went through. She sent out
the other journal entries she had received as well, and each
number tone that sounded was different than what she had
entered. Nor could her machine seem to store the numbers that
were actually dialed. But with each page, the voices diminished
a little and Celia thought her life might return to normal.

The voices came back, however, and they warn of darker
things still to come.

Wictiam Hannon, ake Yiou$S

As the only child of an ambitious Bostonian banker and his
timid wife, William was expected to follow his father into the
financial world. He was raised as a young gentleman — tutored
tobe like his father, hiding behinda thin veneer of polite civility.

To the old man's fury, William was not interested.
Despite plenty of arrogance, he had no inclination for com-


HUNTER BOOK : HERMIT

merce, no natural sense of financial ambition and little
viciousness. He was far more at home with scholarly pursuits,
avidly seeking knowledge of the past as a means to escape the
present and the furure. Hannon Sr. took his anger out on his
wifeand child in equal measure, butsucceeded only in driving
his son deeper into books.

William's parents inspired him more to guilt and loath-
ing than love — his father for being a tyrannical bully, his
mother for being weak enough to accept the abuse without
fighting back on his behalf. The boy withdrew from them
completely, never even realizing how much ofa failure he felt.
He was sent away to weather his puberty and teenage years in
impersonal boarding schools and given to ever-changing
domestic staff when home for the holidays.

Eventually, the withdrawn child grew into a well edu-
cated but emotionally stunted young man, hiding his sense of
inadequacy behind intellectual snobbery, even from himself.
The death of his father and his mother's subsequent decline
barely pierced his self-absorption. He performed well at col-
lege, earning a solid post-graduate degree in his preferred
major, History. The politics and brown-nosing required for
life in academia eluded him, though. To the irritation of his
professors, he abandoned college. He didn't much care what
they thought, anyway.

William's credentials got him regular work writing ar-
ticles for magazines and journals, doing research and checking
historical facts for journal papers and documentaries. History
and folklore remained his first loves and only true passions.
His work also paid well, and over time he started to dabble in
the acquisition and sale of antiquities, which proved profit-
able. A number of half-hearted relationships eventually gave
way toa listless marriage, but William never really connected
with his wife, or with the girlfriends who had come before her.
Inthe end, his wife filed for divorce and marched out tearfully,
leaving him wondering what all the fuss was about.

As the years passed, William failed to gain any real
empathy for people. Always judgmental, he considered
most of the population his intellectual inferior, and —at

best — a necessary evil. Those he saw as equals could at
least expect some degree of respect, bur rarely genuine
fondness. William channeled his emotional needs into
studying and writing, letting his social life atrophy into
exclusively work-relared contacts.

His imbuing, when it came, seemed to be a validation of
his notions of superiority. As the static — "babble," as
William calls it — continued to overwhelm his mind, how-
ever, he was forced to accept that it would be with him toa
greater or lesser extent for the foreseeable future. With all of
his ego drives channeled into his mental abilities, the confu-
sion and distraction of the static left him devastated and
extremely depressed.

William was brought back from the brink by a Russian
colleague, a fellow historian and antiquarian named Fyodor
with whom he had corresponded on a number of issues. The
Russian turned up unannounced abouta week after William's
imbuing and shocked him with all sorts of information about
what was happening. In a moment of panic, William went
into the kitchen and tried to kill himself, but couldn't even
succeed at that. Fyodor bandaged him up and helped him
come to terms somewhat with his new life.

William has worked closely with Fyodor ever since,
disseminating his colleague's writings and helping with his
research. William is one of only two people in the United
States to have a contact number for Fyodor. William regards
Fyodor asa mentor, patron and friend, perhaps the only one
he has. The Russian, in return, has an undeniable interest in
the Hermit and seems fond of him, although Fyodor's enig-
matic manner makes it difficult to tell.

Recently, after a long absence, William posted a de-
tailed and shocking plea for help to hunter-net, begging
assistance from any and all volunteers in eradicating a
witch who had brainwashed him into sharing secrets about
the imbued. The various hunters who responded all ins
that they found his house unlocked and unoccupied. Two
groups claim — separately — to have found and killed the
witch in question. William has not come forward to an-
nounce his escape. If he is alive and free, he's in hiding. It
may be that he has been persuaded to join Fyodor on his
travels fora time. Ifso, William could turn up safe and well
in any part of the world.

PROFILE

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance (Distinguished) 4,
Perception 3, Intelligence (Incisive) 5, Wits 2

Abilities: Academics (History) 5, Alertness 2, Bureau-
cracy 2, Computer 2, Crafts (Cooking) 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Expression (Writing) 4, Finance I, Intimidation (Superior) 4,
Linguistics (French, Spanish, Latin, Ancient Greek, Russian,
Mandarin, Hebrew, Potomac) 4, Melee 1, Occult 2, Perfor-
mance (Violin) 4, Research (Reference Libraries) 5, Science
(Demographics) 2, Security 2, Tolerance (Visionaries) 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Destiny I, Mentor (Fyodor) 5,
Patron 5, Resources 3

Edges: (Hermit) Reach, Send, Edict; Judgment) Dis-
cern, Burden; (Redemption) Bluster, Insinuate

Mercy: 4, Vision: 7, Zeal: 3, Conviction: 8, Willpower: 6

Derangements: Megalomania


ermi

Amid the Horrors of the World. . .

Every hunter can attest that there are no
certainties on the mission. No one knows

‘ what the Messengers are, where monsters
pe come from or why certain people are

:

~~ chosen to be imbued. But now a new
7 * Spm force emerges, a new creed never seen
before — or has it always been here?
Can these strange outcasts answer
the questions all hunters face?
Or does their madness only
pose more?

No Qne Can Find Peace

Hunter Book: Hermit is part of a
Hunter: The Reckoning series
dedicated to the creeds, the
character types of the imbued.
Hermits are one of the two lost

hunter creeds, a group of

disenfranchised people who shun
both the monsters and their own
brethren. Learn what drives these

hunters into isolation even when
they know the horrible truths of the
World of Darkness.

|

—_—

ee

hy

1
