# File: Hidden Lore.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

e

a

A Sourcebook %.
for Mage: The Ascension '

Tl \_ Ad

T 2

EEE

By Allen Varney, Brian Campbell, Phil Brucato and John R. Robey


NG,

lS

Credits

Written by: Rotes/ Mages: Allen Varney; Setting: John R.
Robey, Brian Campbell; Mages/ St. Hints: Phil Brucato;
Sphere sheets: Designed by Wayne Peacock; Spheres: Kevin
A. Murphey, Phil Brucato; Fiction: Deena McKinney
Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Lawrence Snelly & Aileen E. Miles
Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Cobb, Daryll Elliott, Scott Johnson, Dan Smith,
Andrew Trabbald, Lawrence Allen Williams

Maps: John Park

Back Cover Art: Alex Shiekman

Front Cover Art: Mark Jackson

Front and Back Cover Design: Kathleen Ryan & Aileen
E, Miles

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
p SUITE 128
ATLANTA, GA 30021

Waite Wot} USA
GAME STUDIO

©1997 White WolfPublishing, Inc. All rights rese
Reproduction without the written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be repro-
duced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the Ascen
rks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf
the Wild Westand Hidden Lore: Second Edition Screen and
Book are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and textherein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

sion are registered trad

d.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copy-
right concerned

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Hidden Lore

Special Thanks to:

Brad "Conan" Butkovich, for spreading NERO's gos-
pel throughout the land.

Wes "Not My Fault" Harris, for joining Mark in
Quakesville.

Mike "Wolfdaddy" Krause, for raising his child among
the pack.

Danny "Outta Here" Landers, for taking his toys and
going back to school.

Elizabeth "Karate Kid III" McKee, for her dancing
exploits at DragonCon

Christian "The Great Grape Ape" Naberhaus, for his
dietary experiment at the company picnic.

Stephe "Jet Set" Pagel, for letting his rent money go to
waste.

Jane "Reach Out and Kill Someone" Palmer, for the
Furious Phone-Line Follies.

Fred "Collectible Tarot Card" Yelk, for dodging the
Mage developer's thrown pillows.

Diane "Cattleprod" Zamojski, for threatening to liven
up the party the hard way.

Sarah "Mystery Mistress" Timbrook, for having an
amazingly useful shadow.

Nathan "Invisible" Jones, for being Sarah's amazingly
useful shadow.

Rachel (Remy) "Fast Talker" Blaine, for something —
if only we could only understand what she just said.

Greg "Knockers" Fountain, for discovering just how
silly a $12.00 Halloween gargoyle can be.

A Parting Howl

Yipe! It seems like just yesterday that a handful of
wolves fought it out for space in an old office building. Now
we've moved to a new headquarters and our staff has
boomed proportionately. To be honest, I kinda miss the
days when our pack of black-leather degenerates would
grumble off to Steak and Ale, scare the crap out of the wait
staff, stake out our own room and complain endlessly about

how little money we were paid for the work we did. We're
still not rich, but our respectability quotient has gone up a
bit since then (sigh)

Sadly, two of our longtime packmates have departed
for other forests. Bill Bridges, Werewolf's developerandco-
creator, has joined HDI (Andrew Greenberg's computer
game company), while convention god Danny Landers has
returned to school to pursue his masters degree. Their jobs
have fallen into the capable hands of Ethan Skemp (for-
merly Game Studio Editor) and Kim Pullen, respectively.
No one, however, can match the contributions these two
have made during their stay here. We'll miss them both.

Good luck, guys.


Contents

NK

Introduction

Chapter One: Lore

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain
Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies

Chapter Four: Handouts

Contents



Introduction

The old woman gave Cat a haughty sniff as
the young mage blew a loud, smacking bubble

"What do you mean, I have to go wash my
hands?" Cat asked. "What kinda screwy library
is this, anyway?

The woman slapped a ruler down hard on
her desk. Cat jumped

"This, young lady, is a place where the

tomes of accumulated knowledge from many
Houses and many ages past have been gathered for the benefit of
those who wish to learn and better themselves. Yet, I find it hard
to believe that someone who has obviously slept in her clothes
without the benefit of regular baths would even be interested."
She straightened her bun, which had come loose

"Who the hell died and made you health inspector of the
universe?" Cat snarled.

The librarian's shaky old fingers lowered her glasses as she
peered over them with a withering look

"Here, young lady, I am not just the health inspector of the
universe, Lam the universe. If you wish to paw my books, you'll
wash those grimy mitts now!"

How To Ose This Book

Let's be honest: this is an overflow book. The material

here had to be cut from Mage Second Edition to bring the
book down to an affordable size. The goodies herein,
however, were too good to go to waste. While they aren't
essential to playing the game, they're nice tidbits to have
around

A quick overview of this book's contents: a pile of
rotes and Effects for your players and Storyteller charac-
ters; some lesser-known facts about the mystick world,
including a short Who's Who; quick-reference Sphere
sheets; a setting Chantry based in Seattle; variant game
suggestions and more. The general organization is as fol-
lows: Chapter One is general stuff for players, Chapter
Two concerns the Conjurer's Cubbyhole, a magic shop

that is more than it appears. Chapter Three's information

is best left in Storyteller hands, and Chapter Four offers a
selection of photocopiable handouts for all Mage players.

Open, peruse and enjoy

Introduction

LS  _&-



‘98, 99, 100..." Broty sheepishly opened
8, feeling like a kid playing hide-and-go-
seek. He paused before pulling back the crimson
tapestries

Gone was the Provincial bedroom of the
Chantry. Instead, Broty sat on the edge of a
divan in a brilliantly tiled room. P
blood-red tulips sat about a tinkling fountain,

and heady incense burned his eyes From some-
where outside the room, he

ots of giant

heard drums and the jangle of bells
Opening the carved and painted door, he

gazed dumbly out into

@ garden of sinful delights: semi naked dancers, hookahs plat

ters of honeyed delicacies and towering ferns that hid flesh but not
sounds. As the young mage gaped, an houti swirled by Broty
with a silver tray laden with sweetmeats

"Bonbon?"

The following sections give both p

she asked with a promising smil

layers and Storytell
ets some new things to play with — new magicks, possible
estions for "personalizing"
beyond the simple statistics anc

infamous) Ascension Warriors

game variations, sugg a mage

1 acollection of famous (and

Chapter One: Lore


Chronicle Suggestions

xX

Why stay limited to the obvious? While
the Mage rulebook provides the framework
for a basic game, the suggestions in this sec
tion might add some spice to your troupe's
OF chronicle.

Alternative
# Gaming Styles

A Mage game need not revolve around one Storyteller
and a group of one-character players. The following varia-
tions might add some spice to your chronicle, and help you
to avoid Storyteller (or player) burnout.

* One-on-One

Player preludes do not have to be the only occasions in
which a Storyteller and player go at it alone. The most
common mythical stories of heroism are based on the idea
ofa hero traveling alon

That one person struggles against
everything the world can throw at him. He journeys into
darkness and emerges with a greater knowledge of himself
and the world around him.

Mage, more than any other roleplaying game, lends
itself well to single-player sessions. Quiets, Seekings, solo
quests, romantic interludes, family crises, brushes with the
law and imprisonment in a Paradox Realm are just a few of
the possibilities if only one player is available for a game
Such interludes work better if they fit into a largerstoryline,
but with a quick wit and an imaginative player, really
powerful games can spring froman otherwise wasted evening.

It's generally best to throw the dice out entirely during
such sessions, or to use them only for the occasional Will-
power roll. The real strengths of one-on-one stories come
from the imagination invested and the power of the situa-
tions involved. A strong grasp of the background characters,
their motivations and their relationships to your player's
character are essential. Who are these people? What do
they want? What will they do to get it? If your player has
some empathy for her mage, you can get some real chemis-
try going.

Think up an intriguing situation, one where something
important is on the line. Is the main character's lover
having an affair? Is the cabal's detective ally suspicious of a
mage's shady past? Is the mage at odds with her Avatar, or
is she questing for further levels of Arete? Has she lost
Willpower, and thus the power to work magick the way she

used to? Did someone kidnap her dog and sell it to a lab for
experiments? A one-on-one storyline should carry high

Hidden Lore

emotional stakes for the player as well as her character. Run
well, such a game can be a memorable chronicle chapter.
* Troupe Play

w

It's also possible for each player to have a "stable" of
characters. In full troupe pla

everyone has access toa wide
variety of options. Each pl:

yer might have one powerful
mage, one or two acolytes and maybe even one or two
"mundane" characters. In each chapter, or each story, the
players decide who will play the mages, the acolytes and the
mundanes. Then you can shift focus among them. One
session might involve the Celestial Chorus mage tending to
her flock with assistance from the acolytes, while the next
might feature an Akashic Brother breaking into a corpora-
tion headquarters while trying to keep his magickal nature
secret from the two private investigators helping him. As
long.as you occasionally run a session in which all the main
characters can work together, this approach solves the
problem of trying to integrate vastly different characters.
* Troupe Storytelling

If the troupe always relies on the same Storyteller, it
can wear that person out. With troupe Storytelling, certain
players take turns running the game. They might choose to
switch every few weeks, or for each story, each chapter
(through a series of cliffhangers) or e
session. Another approach is to divid

en in the middle of a

‘eas geographically,
One player is responsible for the city, one has developed a
plot in the wilderness, the third has constructed a few
Otherworld plots, and the fourth may specialize in the
realms of the Restless Dead. As long as the characters

erve
as the common ground, it's a great way to prevent Story-
teller burn-out.

* Blue-Booking

Christened by game designer Aaron Allston, this varia-
tion on one‘on-one gaming allows one or two players to

write stories about the characters' affairs between game
sessions. These "blue books" (named for college exam
booklets) make excellent resources for backgrounds, plot
threads, Storyteller characters and

rative elements (fore-
shadowing, flashbacks, etc.), and help both players and
Storytellers flesh their mages out

Blue-booking sessions can run either as written ex-
changes, passing the book back and forth, oras single-writer
projects which players hand in to you. Players need not be

Mercedes Lacke

y to turn in a good blue book; imagination

and empathy are more important than style. Especially
good stories might be worth an extra experience point,
based on the effort involved. This should not be abused,
however. A blue book story ought to explore some new


details in the character's life — his private habits, past
relationships, personality quirks, obsessions, etc. A string of
"I meta Technomancer and killed him" vignettes would be
a cheap appeal for power-gaming, and deserves to be ig-
nored, We recommend that only one to two blue-booking
sessions be "played" between each group game; otherwise,
the writers among the troupe quickly advance over the

other players. Used wisely, however, blue-book stories can
add immeasurably to a chronicle's depth and texture.

Miniatures

Although it's not really a combat-oriented game, a
Mage chronicle which uses 25mm miniatures gains some
extra dimensions: clarity ("Where's that HIT Mark?Can he
see me yet?"), excitement ("There's only 15 feet between
me and that waterfall! Help!"), atmosphere ("Yipe! That
just walked in?") and a sense of focus. After all, a game with
obvious pieces and a gameboard keeps people from becom-

ing distracted by bowls of munchies or nearby Significant
Others.

Several figure lines represent Mage's archaic-tech di-
versity well. Ral Partha has an extensive selection of Mage,
Werewolf and Vampire figures available; their Shadowrun
figures also work well. Leading Edge's Terminator II collec-
tion adds some good HIT Marks to the mix, and RAFM's
Call of Cthulhu minis suit archaic scenarios. Troupes may
choose to paint (or not to paint, as it were) their figures to
suit the game's flavor and the players' preferences. 1" hex
maps, especially the roll-up vinyl variety, make ideal
gameboards — so long as you use water-based pens to draw
out your setting! Ambitious Storytellers might even use
model railroad kits to represent buildings and landscapes.

Any and all of these props can be found in any good game
or hobby store.

Rules

The rules for utilizing miniatures are pretty simple:

* Each 1" hex represents one yard for the purposes of
movement or range (see "Taking Actions" in Chapter Ten
formovement rat apon ranges). The
average person can walk seven yards, jog 14 and run 26,
which translates to 7", 14" or 26" per turn. High Dexterity
characters can move even faster. Moving and acting in the

ind "Combat" for w

same turn requires splitting your Dice Pool.

* The direction of the hex indicates which way the
character is facing, and he, she or it generally has a triangu-
lar field of vision going out from there. Under most
circumstances, objects in between figures block vision and
fire, although magick may modify this. A character may
only attack someone she's fi

¢ able to see.

s facing or otherwis
* A walking or jogging character may change her
facing by one "side" for each hex she moves. If she runs, she
she moves. She

can only change facing once for every he

may only move one way (i.e., all running or all walking) per
turn. If she chooses to go backwards, she can only move 4"
per turn, period.

© Characters must be within a hex of each other to
touch or fight unless they're using some weapon or device
that stretches across the distance. Attacking someone on
your flank raises your difficulty +2, while attacking some-
one behind you raises it by +3. Dodging characters. may
move up to 3" ina turn.

¢ Umbral or insubstantial characters are generally the
only ones who can pass through a hex that someone else is
standing in without confronting that second party in some
way. Troupes might use a separate board for characters in
the Umbra, or place slips of paper under the figures' bases to

indicate that they're "not there" as far as other characters
can tell. Spirits, asa rule, can fly up to 20 yards + Willpower
per turn.

Alternate Combat Rules

Let him who desires peace, prepare for war.

— Vegetius

Combat rules have traditionally been complicated
affairs involving pages of charts, modifiers, maneuvers and
weapon damage tables. When your character's existence
hinges on a few die rolls, such rules seem like a necessary
evil. When ashort battle intrudes upon story, however, an
abbreviated series of rules may be not only appropriate but,
for troupe sanity, nec

This simple combat system, suggested by Christopher
Kubasik in his excellent "Interactive Toolkit" series of
articles (White Wolf Inphobia, issues # 50-54), takes the
magickal feat and surprise maneuver rules one step further.
Here, the player merely announces what she wishes to
accomplish. The Storyteller decides the difficulty (and
possibly the number of successes needed), and the player
rolls. The success or failure of the event is based on that one
roll. No charts, no modifiers. This system is quick and dirty,
but dramatic. It's also wide open to abuse and extremely

ary.

S

deadly. If you choose to use it, proceed with care.

Resolution

The simple combat rules work best when player char-
acters need to work their way through a small army of
soldiers, cyborgs, slaves, creatures, etc., to get to their main
objective.

. Rather than rolling a long series of initiatives,
attack rolls, damage rolls and soaks, the Storyteller and
players decide to pass their fictional counterparts into the
hands of Lady Luck. When combat begins, the characters
get their normal initiative rolls. Each turn, both players pnd
Storyteller decide what action their characters will try.
Each ma

© If the character rolls three suce
complishes that task

their roll based on an estimated target number.

es or more, he

Chapter One: Lore

1 2 ea,

|


NOW Ail

ll

© If he rolls less than three, he was only partially
successful

¢ If he fails, he accomplishes nothing.

¢ If he botches, he hurts himself

Combat objectives can range from stunts — "I want to
knock him off his feet until he can listen to reason" — to
minor injuries — "I'll shoot the gun out of his hand" — to
mortal attacks — "I shoot him right in the face and kill
him." The difficulty of the roll depends on the severity of
the effect. The more difficult (or damaging) the action is,
the higher the difficulty will be — and the higher the
possibility of total failure. Success is not cumulative; the
task must be decided each turn

A complete success means the character did whatever
he set out to do that turn. Ifhe wanted to kill the cyborg, he
did it. If he wanted to jump out and grab a chandelier, he
does it. No problem.

A partial success means he did some damage, but not
enough to finish the job. He shoots the cyborg; it bleeds a
bit, but remains standing. He snatches the chandelier by his
fingertips, but barely hangs on; he'll have to make another
roll next turn or fall.

Failure is self-explanatory.

=
~

10 Hidden Lore

Willpower can be spent to gain one automatic success,

but a victory cannot be gained only through Willpower
points. The player must still roll at least one success. The
automatic success rule does not apply. This system applies
only to normal combat, not magickal fighting, although the
Storyteller may, if she wishes, reduce the difficulty by -1 or
2 if some coincidental Effect is used (naturally, this still
opens the doors for a botch and Paradox...).

Options

¢ If a player character is fighting cannon fodder, the
Storyteller may decide to lower his difficulty or reduce the
successes needed. If a major character (player or otherwise)
is on the receiving end, she may offer that character a soak
roll.

e If the feat involves more than one character (either
dealing damage or taking it), The Storyteller may increase
or decrease the difficulty or combine the Dice Pools and
difficulties if she wants to. A pair of mages trying to kill
three cyborgs at once may combine their Dice Pools and
attempt to gain nine successes, total. The latter option may
complicate things too much; if so, ignore it

¢ The suggestion chart is based on normal humans
Large, tough or supernatural opponents may require more


in me

Simple Combat Resolution Suggestions

Stunts

Objective

© Kicking in a door

© Swinging from a'chandelier
¢ Yanking.a rug out

* Grabbing someone (Or something) in motion

* Scaring the crap out of someone
© Knocking someone off her feet

| Damage
* Disarmed
© Hurt (equivalent to 1-2
* Wounded (3-4 Health Levels) 9
Instant knockout F
* Death (or severe wound)

to harm; while smaller targets would require
Really potent weapons (chain guns, grenades) might lower
the attacker's difficulty by -1 or 2, while really weak v

|i
ons (switchblades, zip guns, rocks) would raise it.
Again, this system is designed for speed and simplicity.

Ifitcauses delays, complications or arguments, refer back to

the usual method

Making an Interesting
Character

Statistics are abstract portraits; the collections of dots
and Trait ratings reflect a larger picture of a person with
specific talents and abilities. Who is that person, though?
What can we do to turn that list of dots into a shaper of
reality? What makes a Mage character cool, fun and memo-
rable?

There are two types of characters in most fiction: Stock
and Personalities. Stock characters aren't usually very inter-
esting and do little more than perform a role in the story
(person on the street, clerk at the store, librarian), acting
within some basic demeanor (friendly, hostile, stupid, clever,
arrogant and so on). The details of these characters are
completely irrelevant to the story at hand, since such minor
roles are only good for providing flavor to the important
characters' setting. A good example of this kind of charac-
ter would be Toht, the Nazi villain in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
He's an interesting sideline, but without Indy there to give
him his just desserts, he's nothing. He has no personality of
his own, he's simply a type. Many Storyteller characters will
be Stock types.

Health Levels)

Roll Difficulty
Strength + Athletics 5
Dexterity + Athletics 5
Strength + Athletics 6
Dexterity + Athletics 6
Manipulation + Intimidation 7
Dexterity + Athletics A
Dexterity + (attack) 7
(appropriate Traits) 7
(appropriate Traits) 8
(appropriate Traits) 8
(appropriate Traits) 9

Players' characters, on the other hand, should be Per-
sonalities — strong, unique characters. Any interesting

character, whether very simple or very comp
at least one of three things: Charm, Depth or Identifiability.
If she's got two or more of these things, so much the better
Three, and she's

¢ Charm

Charm is probably the hardest quality to fake. If you

a sure winner

can pull it off, however, it's the aspect of your character that

people will remember most. Going back to Raiders of the Lost
Ark, take a look at Indiana Jones. He's got little depth —
he's "Everypulphero," rugged, handsome, smart. He's doesn't
have much identifiability — how many of us are whip-
handling, lost-treasure-seeking, Nazi-trashing Ph.D.s? What
he does have, in spades, is charm. He's got a sense of humor,

wit, sophistication and a good heart buried under a tough
shell. In short, Indiana Jones is someone that everybody
would like to know.

The easiest way to make a character charming is, of
course, to be charming yourself and just let it rub through
(the way Harrison Ford's natural charm rubs through Indi-
ana Jones). The secret for the rest of us, however, is to steal
from real life. Almost everybody has met someone who was
charming — think back to what it was about that person

that was so attractive, then give your character that quality
Lf, "What
would this person do in this situation? How would he or she

Then, when playing the character, think to you

react?"
© Depth
Depth refers to a certain amount of intriguing com-

plexity. Real people usually have somewhat muddled

Chapter One: Lore int


personalities with conflicting desires and goals. Good fic-
tional characters can have all these things too. Depth
implies certain amount of trivial detail — knowing where
and when your character was born, what her on-the-job life
is like, how she relates to her neighbors, what kind of carshe
has, and so on. The more trivia you work out, the easier it
will be to form her picture in your head.
If she dropped out of high school after falling in with a
rough crowd, for example, she probably felt alienated or
dissatisfied with her peers and went looking for others. If, in
her search, she Awakened, what effects would this have on
her? Was she happy to find the society of mages where she
"fit in," or is she just as alienated from them? Most of the
time, reams of in-depth information aren't interesting in
and of themselves. They are, however, helpful when deter-
mining what your character is like and what she'll do in a
given situation.

Don't, by the way, mistake unhappiness for depth. A
character who's miserable all the time is just as dull and flat
as one who's always happy. Her reaction to pain or unhap-
piness (or happiness and prosperity) is what gives her depth.

As strange as it may sound, depth is not always as
tseems. A flat character with a lot of charm or
identifiability (Indiana Jones, James Bond) can sustain
interest for quite some time. However, depthis necessary for
a character to survive and endure. ‘

® Identifiability

Most people want to see themselves reflected in a
character — either the way they are or the way they'd like

to be. One of the reasons Indiana Jones is such a popular
character is because many people would like to be like him:
strong, smart, confident, superbly capable and attractive,
but not superhuman. He's a Renaissance Man without
being untouchable. Most people feel they have strong
Points in one or two areas — they're quite athletic or very
smart, for example; the traits they don't have (but wish they
did), they look for in fictional characters.

Similarly, most people are interested in characters who
have traits they can identify with. This can be tough,
though, because there are all kinds of people, and they don't
always want to hear about other types. Intellectuals are
generally interested in hearing about other intellectuals,
but other people quickly get bored. Most people, however,
do feel like life is a struggle, so they want to hear about how
others have met — and conquered — adversity.

Our characters are extensions of ourselves, whether we
want them to be or not. To a degree, this is unavoidable;
roleplaying characters are like Rorschach tests — they
show more about us than we realize. The best such exten-
sions, however, take our self-image and go into orbit with it.
So, when creating your cl

racter, a good way to make him
interesting is to give him some aspects of yourself — ideas,
attitudes, physical characteristics, interests and so on. Be
sure to give him some qualities thé

you don't have, but
would like to, however. If you're scrawny, make him tough;
if you have trouble getting along with people, make him
gregarious and friendly, and so on.

Rotes

Rotes are magicks "discovered" by a mage
ora mystickal society and passed on toethers.
Most of them involve conjuncti6nal Effects.
of two or more Sphere: Lower level6tes in
be used as teaching tools, exertisés of last
ditch solutions, while highet fowereda
make up an experienced fnagigfat
tricks. Ag
The following fore te £41
among Council mages, and have been grouped
and power level. Game system notes ¢an ibe f und ir
brackets at the bottom of each listing. Mast S808
variations of these basic forms under different han
performed with different styles and foci. Ag Rages advance
in enlightenment, most see rotes xs néeulessrerut
Nevertheless, most Masters keep a few such'spelis'-in

You never can tell when a rote might come in handy.

12 Hidden Lore

surface' befor
WPvehers with «
ss handy) small dbjects| into ppponents' eyes.

mage's sucCesses are subtracted from the attacker's suc-

Akashic Brotherhood
Ricdchet (* Correspondence, * Forces, * Matter, ®
Time).
~ Earneststudehts of Do develop exquisite awareness of
= R

i Otis, both those they throw and those hurtling
iy A'Gipsidly trained Disciple of Do can redirect an
Ruflightlor ‘bourice a balanced club off of several
strikes the target. Unarmed Akashic
for improvisation use this skill to throw

\With a suécessful Dexterity + Athletics or Dexterity +
sf0ll/(difficdlty5)\ an Akashic Brother can throw orkick

niy-Objecr 96 that At hits a target after multiple rebounds.

Each sucess giyes ond bounce. He must know all of the
Spheres irfvolyéd to ferform this feat. If he does, however,
fter all, why not benefit from sonteone else's Work? >" magick +Oll is séquired. This tal

a full turn.
{Against_isicoming missiles slower than a bullet, the


ce:

before determining a hit. If the Brother rolls more
successes than his attacker, the missile may be sent back the
way it came! The Effect does not work on bullets or energy
beams, and unbalanced objects may require from one to
three additional success

s. This rote often gives a damage

bonus due to surprise.]

Mindfulness of Wrong Thought (** Mind, Life)

Some Chantries of the Akashic Brotherhood consider
sensitivity to danger a marker on the Way to Ascension.
Masters encourage it in pupils by striking them from sur-
prise with wooden swords during chores, meditation, chants
orsleep.

An Adept of the Order of Hermes, Francesca Inez
Garcia y Hernandez, once entered such a Chantry for
covert study of the Brotherhood's secrets. She carried he
disguise well until her master leaped at her with a sword
and she reflexively called down a lightning bolt. In the)
aftermath, some in the Chantry argued for her expulsiomy
but the master revived in time to defend his disgifiley
Ultimately, Garcia y Hernandez left on her owng@fhen sh
found that the Brotherhood had no secrep@¥s

comprehend.

[The rote alerts the meditating mind t@hostile bein;
in the vicinity. The magick roll isitWade aft Y
succeeds in a Perception + Meditat@tgolls One:sti
the magick roll indicates general danger amd rough dire:
tion. More successes identify the threat's natur@and location,

[The Effect reveals only-immediate danger (that ig)
imminent in the current scene) to the meditatitig,magey
and only threats coming from a living being with hea r

intent. A similar Effect, substituting Matter 1 for Life
Pass Calmly (¢* Mind, ** Correspondence, * Life)\)

identifies traps, deadfalls and other inanimate perils.]

With this Effect, the admirable Master Joro passed
freely among agitated crowds, sensing and calming each
person's turmoil. "Imbalance in the body fosters unsureness,"
he often said, "but the mind guides the body." With this
rote, one of Joro's disciples, Ikana the Ronin, tried to make
an enemy drowsy during battle. Ikana found that although
the mind guides the body, his foe's mind was unfortunately
intent on guiding his body to kill Ikana.

[The rote calms all Sleepers in a radius of two yards per
success rolled. It does not work in combat.]

Celestial Chorus

Spy's Stigmata (** Life, ©* Prime, * Correspon-
dence)

Paranoid mages have long known ways to detect
magickal surveillance, but in 1934 Sunday Lynn gave the
idea an original twist. Lynn, who Awakened during a
snake-handling rite in rural Tennessee, suffered harass-
ment by anonymous local Technocrats. When she detected

re:
§ Pe,

| ln, Sz

them eavesdropping on her with Correspondence Effects,
she cast a rash on them, marking their foreheads with a
cross. Mages of other Traditions adapt this technique to
create rashes in different shapes: sigils, the mage's initials or
(in the case of one Virtual Adept) the Mark of Zorro.
[The mage needs only two successes to cast the rash,
but the target may use countermagick to cancel stice

1

SSeS
one-for-one. The rash (actually a bacterial infection) is
harmless, but can only be healed with Life 2 magick. This
Effect is usually coincidental, and lasts for the normal
duration (see the Damage and Duration table).]
Quietsong (** or ¢** Mind, * Entropy)
In the 16th Century, Letitia the Venerated took a rare
opportunity to study with an Adept of the Euthanatos in
Calcutta. Sadly, her mentor was not as chaste in mind as
, and he conceived a great passion for her. After devel-
ping this spell of mental stewardship, she broke with him;
etaliation, her master, Hasan Naraswami, tried to attack
is failed attempt, Naraswami suffered a Paradox
succumbed to Quiet. Letitiasang her Quietsong
ted his mindscape and guided him back to

"Quiet;
ful Wits + Enigma roll

Ontext of the Quiet illusions. He may, for example, regard
s a hobgoblin or internal demon.

the mage a
[The mage cannot bring the victim out of Quiet in-
stantly, and does not necessarily learn how to do so.

he
may, however, gain some understanding that helps her
guide him out.]

Consuming Thought (*¢¢ Mind, ¢* Prime)

Benedetto Chiarezza used this rote to powerful effect
during the medieval Italian conflict between the Guelph
and Ghibelline factions. Benedetto, a Guelph, told selected
opponents that their sins would lead to horrible tortures in
the afterlife. The unfortunate Ghibellines found they could
think of nothing else for days at a time. Driven to despera-
tion, the tormented Ghibellines often deserted to
Benedetto's faction.

[The rote forces a target to think a particular thought
to the exclusion of all others, save for thoughts related to
the target's immediate survival. The number of successes on
the Effect roll determines how long the thought obsesses
the target (the spell's duration). The target may resist the
Effect with Willpower.]

Chapter One: Lore

13


GROSTILOKES

Cult of Ecstasy vi
Psychometry (#* Time, * Matter) fj (ditiggaial

ces
ty object holds traces of its historyrandsthe effi.
tions experienced in its presence. Whefla

touches an object, she can sense thef

and notable events that occurred in its
Ecstatics can sense only during alteg@al'

ness, when they may find aN
\
truth from imagination. $

. Ses
gk of djam karet, "the hour ths

stretches"
[The number of successes on the ARGEBt
how far back the assensing reaches (sé
chart). Information gained is usually hazy'

glimpses of a former owne!

bureaucrats

snatches of em@t
sation spoken in the object's presence or quill

object got thrown. Most groups, including
racy, have variations of this rote.]
Joyride (©
10

of an ecstatic trance, a mage can nthiak an Bout? s
joughts in a few moments. The body remains at
ower time scale, rendering the mage immobile.

VA trivial inversion lets the

Correspondence,

mage re-experience the

accounts differ as to whether Jan was chasing Men 2:
or being chased by them. Jan improvised a coindide ya

[At Mind 1 the mage affects only his own time sense;
Effect that controlled traffic lights on his route'

$i at Mind 4, the mage can affect someone else's. For each

ay Buccess past the first, the individual's subjective experience
codifying itas a rote, Jan and his cabal took to wild ridepat" eS P " e
top speed through heavy traffic

14 Hidden Lore

of a one turn interval moves one line down the Duration

chart, to a maximum of one story. For example, three Gremlins (¢¢ Entropy, *® Spirit)

Ne

successes means the individual experiences a day's worth of This qamtities onic symptomiomeic Dreamspeaken'

thought in one turn. changing nature, which many other Traditions call mad:
[Cult philosophy dictates that the target of thigdiffect nesgeeburing World War II, legends of "gremlins"
must always be willing, although the rote itselfdogshot  (n

ishievous-spirits that interfere with machinery) arose
require this. The New World Order usesa maligiaxiainea® SportancouslY among Sleepers, despite the Technocracy's
an instrument of torture.] besiretforts)/Dheamspeakers in urban areas exploit these
léSehdsté'sigfmon actual gremlins, visible only to Awak
Dreamspeakers @hed beings. The Sons of Ether find gremlins intensely
Spirit Roster (¢ * Correspondence, *ongsi@eSpirit) y/cisrastefiilijseme. even call them "cruel to machinery."
The Dreamspeaker drums quietly, WSterdageey the) VamualAdepts destroy gremlins on sight, as they would a
silence between beats. In her trance she h¥ars CHemamies of -Cocktoachs
spirits active in the vicinity; she feels! thei auras! She {Summon inge gremlin requires at least three successes
breathes deeply, and with the indrawn breath comes thé) ) On the"Bffect roll. Each additional success doubles the
knowledge of their whereabouts. The drum Beats therhythm |) number ofgrenilins summoned. A gremlin is a Storyteller
of Gaia's thoughts. @hataeter withAttributes of 2, Technology 3, Computer 1,
[The rote identifies and locates any nearbyspitit-betngs es SV tllpower 4,and |three Health Levels. It has the Charms
(fomori, Garou, materialized spirits and s@ OR), Spirit? lers™= Materialize Cunttol Electrical Systems, Short Out (makes
the willworker communicate with them. Thefnumberwtstaachinéfyinoperable) and Ruin Software (causes soft
successes rolled determines the maximum (ptactical ranges vate programs ty develop bugs). Unless it Materializ
before sensory overload masks Umbrood activity. Updee yspruteennot be seen by mortal sight. Most demand some
most circumstances, each success allows her to scahaneagstmdobbribe before they go to work. Gremlins often remain

s, the

yard. If she has some close familiarity with a particular forthe magick's duration, and aren't choosy about whose
spirit-being, or with the area she is scanning, her range ™achinery they wreck!]
becomes that of the Correspondence Range table.]


Y
,

Walking Chair (¢** Matter, ¢#® Spirit, ¢* Prime)

Developed by the Dreamspeaker Four Arrow Cougar
shortly before — some say shortly after — he entered a
lasting Quiet, this highly vulgar rote animates furniture,
appliances, toys, puppets and other lifeless objects. Each
evening, as Cougar started drumming, all the tables and
chairs in his home began to dance. "It looked like a
cartoon," said his disciple, Alex Twelvetrees, "until the
Antlered Men (Paradox spirits) showed up." The spirits
carried Cougar away, never to return, but Twelvetrees'
judicious use of the rote in battle has had some success

[The number of successes on the Effect roll determines
both how many objects may be animated (one for every two
successes) and how long they remain so. Generally, this
works for one turn per success, but never lasts more than a
minute.]

Euthanatos

Safecracker (* * EntropyyersMatter)

Using this retitine tote, a mage opens a safe by ran-
domly twistingthe¢ombination lock'sdial: Mages socializing
in a Chanuy or the Digital Web sometimes play a parlor
game, listing all the different waysthey can break into a
safe: blowing itopen, rendering it instbstantial, musting it,
comprehending that at the Correspondence Point it is no
barrier and SO Om

[For ea@h Suiceess rolled, the magé leamns one digit of
hie, safe's CGOmbination. The mage seeds one additional
SHECESSto defeat a time-lock mechanism.)

Returnito Darkness (° * Entropy, ®® or.#® Forces)

Euthanatos Disciples admire this rote for its coinciden-
tal elegance. By causing failure in many components, the
Effect extinguishes all light and power sources in an area
when the mage shoots out or breaks a single lit light bulb

While fighting Men in Black in the New Delhi airport,
Srivasi Parananda used this sudden darkness to decisive
effect. His cabal was ready with night-vision Effects or
Correspondence sensing, giving them a decisive element of
surprise when the entire terminal went black. This pre-
sented no danger to Sleepers; as usual, all New Delhi flights
were on the ground and hours behind schedule

[The blackout lasts for the spell's duration. The more
successes the mage rolls, the wider the area that he plunges
into darkness — two successes covers a room, four a build.
ing, eight asmall city. Large areas require greater mastery of
Forces magick.]

Chronopathy (¢* or ¢*¢* Time, *** Mind)

This anonymous rote of telepathy across time is quite
old, but went into eclipse in the Renaissance. The
Buthanatos Adept Constanza Perugia used it to experience
the dying moments of countless predecessors. This, she
thought, would lead her to Ascension. However, multiple
death experiences caused a drastic Quiet. Constanza died at


the hands of many hobgoblins, and their mischief led to
witch-hunts and mass hysteria throughout northern Italy.

[By adding Telepathy to Past or Future Sight, a
mystick can try to experience things that occurred in the
past. The more remote or removed the time or person, the
more successes the magick requires. Sleepers' feelings are
easiest to detect; doing the same with an Awakened being's
thoughts demands an extra success or two (or more in the
case of an arch-mage or elder vampire).

[By using Time 4 to isolate a thought in time, the mage
may send a message, image or emotion into the future. The
message either arrives at a certain time, or is triggered by
some specified event. ("The first three people to walk
through this door will hear my warning.") Anyone who
enters the mage's current location will telepathically re-
ceive the message at that time. The mage cannot know
advance whether a sending is received. The numbe,
successes determines how far ahead in time the magg
send the message, or how precise its trigger will be,

[The Effect cannot capture experiences that wy
selves gathered via chronopathy (so-called "se:
experience). Only actual "first-order" exper:
cessible.]

Order of Hermes

Experience Substance (*

Attribution of this medieval
Moderates in the Order of Hen
many claimants developed it ig
has waited in the Pending file offhie
Dispute Adjudication Subceit

By rubbing a medicine
fingers, a Hermetic mage me
Hallucinogens inspire visions,
sleepiness and reduce pain, and so'
purgatives and diuretics produce only
not the physical effects themselves. The
control, and can always stop the experience wi
addiction or physical effects.

Cultists of Ecstasy sneer at this rote, for it produces 6
apale simulation of the substance's reality. Its control is the
antithesis of Cult doctrine. A Manhattan Cultist named
Just Larry has modified this rote to amplify a substance's
effects when actually ingested. He will presumably report
results when he emerges from his coma in Bellevue Hospi-
tal.

{For dangerous substances such as acids, the Effect
works when the mage touches the substance's container.]

Heat Trace (¢* Time, * Forces)

The Order of Hermes scrupulously credits the creators
of most rotes, documents their uses and annotates their
variants. Phoebe Tetramegestus of Chantry Sangreal
(Marseilles) developed this simple Effect in 1443. With it,

A |

\ A

a magus tracks a living target based on the trail of slightly
warm air his body leaves. The Forces Sphere lets her track
the target beyond the immediate area permitted by the
Time Sphere's retrocognition.

For this Effect, Phoebe received a Prix d'Honneur in
the next Decennial Adjudication ceremony. However, she
seems never to have used it, nor any of her many other
inventive rotes. In the last nine decades of her life, she
never left her Chantry.

[The number of successes on the Effect roll determines
how far the mage can track the target's movements. Two
successes covers the immediate vicinity, five successes a
block, 10 asmall town and 20a city. The spell must be used
within five minutes of the target's passing, or the trail fades
— unless, of course, no other living thing or weather
tern has passed through the same area.]

Banish Elemental (¢ Spirit)
all their command of natural forces, Hermetic
e a skittish relationship with elemental spirits.

Forces,

akers and some Verbena maintain respectful (if

III, devised this rote in 1576. Contro-
centuries when the Order debated
hite Roster of Celebrants. Some

to Nunzio's addition and to

all evidence that would

subtracts two points of its Power (if
is rote does not work at all on other

Helga Zalau of the Romany created this vulgar Effect in
1339 under the name "Greek Life-Fire." The rote causes
every living being in the vicinity to glow brightly but
intermittently, like a firefly. The mage can omit herself and
her companions from this Effect, making it useful during
firefights.

[The number of successes determines how precisely the
mage can control the glow. With only one success, ambient
bacteria, dust mites and insects set up a general concealing

glow. With three successes the mage can restrict the Effect
to humans, and with four she can pinpoint all desired
targets.]

Chapter One: Lore 17


NO All

Sons of Ether

Instant Measurement (* Correspondence, ® Matter,
* Mind)

Most new Son of Ether students quickly learn to read
the hand-held Etheroscopi erty Analyzer. The ability
to automatically measur, ect's exact composition,
pas ah and density pre ly handy around the

eine
may require a Py

tenyxinute' session under,
ied Sranfond Lath cul oh

WG Etiquette. The Pi
processes remain modi
tion. The successes deter
chart).]

Point-to-Point Narrow-Band Transmission (¢¢ or
#¢¢ Forces, ¢® Correspondence)

the Effects d duration (es

The Technocracy has widely adopted this rote and has
introduced the concept to Sleeper society; however, the
Sons of Ether developed it in Britain during World War I.
While wearing a delicate headset, the user can broadcast to
any single nearby radio or television receiver, so long as it
is turned on. This also works on close groups of receivers,
such as those in a store window display. Whereas the Sons
pre-empt existing signals, the Technocracy has used the
rote to subtly alter existing programs, "customizing" them
to deliver warnings, suggestions, false impressions and such.

[The number of successes rolled determines clarity of
reception. The mage can make the voice or image sound
and look like whatever he wants. The more elaborate the
alteration, the more successes it demands. Correspondence
2 extends the range out of the caster's immediate area. With
Forces 3 and Prime 2, the willworker can broadcast to
receivers that are shut off or broken, although this Effect is
vulgar.]

Verbena
Deduction (¢ Life, * Mind)

By sensing the small details of a stranger's life pattern
and integrating them using sharp insight, a Verbena mage

18 Hidden Lore

can decide whether the stranger represents a threat to her
loved ones. In recent decades, new initiates have given this
rote a pop-culture spin by expressing their conclusions in
the manner of Sherlock Holmes: "I perceive that you are
left-handed, dabble in watercolors, were once a member of
the Merchant Marines, and have recently visited India."
Showing off with this rote around the coven is considered
bad form.

[For each success rolled, the difficulty of an accompa-
nying Mental, Intuition or Enigmas roll is reduced by -
See "Abilities and Magick," Pg. 174 for details.]

Jack in the Green (*¢* Spirit, ¢ Life)

Mysticks must often travel to dense forests to contact
the Glade Children (tree spirits) who dwell there. How-
ever, a diligent Verbena mage can communicate with a
Glade Child in a park or city street, although the Umbrood
spirit is usually torpid and decrepit. The mage sacrifices a
few drops of his blood at the roots of a tree, then chants

quietly. A bubbling cauldron produces best results, but
pungent vapors of any kind may rouse the spirit, tradition-
ally known among the Verbena as "Jack in the Green."

Jack is usually a good information source, but his gossip
varies with the season. Jack notices many nearby events in
spring and summer, fewer in autumn; in winter he's too
sleepy. His memory, however, is long and excellent.

[The plantspirit often has Willpower 7, Rage 3, Gnosis
8, Power 20 and the Charms Cleanse the Blight and Forest
Sense. The number of successes determines how long it
takes to rouse the spirit and how cooperative it is. Commu-
nicating with 2

rural oak in summer requires only one
rousing a city sapling in the dead of winter may
require seven or more successes. Roleplaying influences

Anadded

succes

this, as can successful Charisma + Etiquette rolls.

Verbena prized te E oat restrict its use
to "friendly" Horizon Reals to agotd Paradox. Using a
ae branch as a wand, the wit@h clasps it tightly. Blood
from her hand drips over the wand and onto the ground.
Where it falls, dense thorn bushes spring up, their branches
waving and whispering. The witch, who controls the shape
and area of the bushes, usually forms them into a barrier
wall.

[Those who enter the barrier take three normal Health
Levels of damage, but will not lose levels below Crippled.
Depending on how the target reacts, he may end up stuck,
ripping himself up further when he tries to break free. By
channeling in Prime 3, this damage might become aggra-
vated instead.

[The number of successes rolled determines how quickly
the wall appears: one success, an hour; two suc: s, 10
minutes; three successes, one minute; four, 10 seconds; five


or more, instantly, It lasts for the normal length of time,
then dies and crumbles.]

Virtual Adepts

Eavesdropper (** Correspondence, ** Foreesif

The Virtual Adepts have always been sa@sters OF the
telephone system. Using this Effect, an Ad@pesimply picks
up a touch-tone telephone, puN@hesiih a mereAl onge.
digits, and hears what's said within@@feet or so gf any othe™
single working telephone of her cHpice, anywhere in the
world. The targeted telephone ne@@jnot b¢ ifvuse at Ene
time, norneed the Adept know its [6¢ation(§j ust itsmumber
(An Adept of Correspondence cafiprojeet her senses toa
‘orees)

In the Technocracy, the Synd@icatevantsfespecialiv)
the New World Order execute thi Bffeeb eo meiden cally
through expensive foci. Virtual Ad@pES Simply xchange
bootleg telephone access codes with yefishy Baste. A
single code works for all desired locatiofigy bub Ene COUeS
change once or twice daily

known location without using

[The number of successes indicates the aud Biityahd
clarity of the remote conversation. One success reaches
telephones in the next room, five anywhere in acity, eight
nationwide and 10 worldwide. The Adept must know a
current access code. The Storyteller may simply assume the
Adept knows the code, roleplay its acquisition or roll

(i, 2

Intelligence + Computer (difficulty 8) to determine if the
Adept knows.]

Mental Interface (¢* Correspondence, ** Forces,
°° Mind)

Earlitumors of this recentrote, designed by the famous
Adept Danteindicated that it dispensed with the com-
puteraltogetherard ler the user interface directly with the
Digital Web. After chgseinflated expectations, the reality
Proved disappointing, hough few mentioned this where
Dantecould:hear it

The proerans, withaecompanying hardware modifica-
Gonsyactually letsamn/Adepr's computer remotely sense and
ajalyze the tasks anothereomputer is executing. The mage
an read documBmts being edited in a word processor,
Miscoveriseerer dash outlays in a Syndicate spreadsheet or
Hearn a rival A depes programming secrets. (Note, however,
that maniymdBes Use equipment shielded from such surveil-
Tance with countekmagick or Correspondence Effects.)

Dange'sdoeee tor the Effect discusses resonance theory
and adyaneedtelemetry techniques, but as Disaster Master
puts j§@Blah blah blah, look, just tell me how to run the
prOeram, okay?"

[The rote is coincidental. Once the link is established,
it lasts for the rote's duration. The Storyteller may require
Wits + Technology, Computer or Science rolls to analyze
the results]

Chapter One: Lore 19


WX Z_|

Boot Buzzer (* ¢ Correspondence, * * Forces, or #°
Forces, ** Correspondence, ** Prime)

A mischievous or vindictive Adept on a network is a
frightening figure. He can alter a computer anywhere on
that network to deliver a powerful shock to its user. The
Adept usually prefaces the jolt by putting a strange image or
sarcastic message on the user's screen.

After the Effect is cast, it takes several minutes to
accumulate the electricity needed for the jolt. With Forces
3/ Prime 2, the charge can be created instantly. With Time
4, the Adept can delay the jolt to a certain time, such as
when the user turns the computer on or types a particular
word.

[The Adept must, of course, locate the target suc
fully through Correspondence magick; only then can he set
the charge. Foreach success beyond the first, the jolt inflicts

Mages

one normal Health Level of damage on the victim, al-
though the Forces 3/ Prime 2 variant inflicts the usual
Forces damage.]

Public Posting (¢* or *¢* Mind, ** Correspon-
dence, ¢* Prime)

Typing furiously (high adrenaline appears to improve
the rote's power), the Virtual Adept broadcasts a simple
message (usually "Help!") or some straightforward emo-
tional sentiment ("Screw the world!") in sucha way thatall
mages within range can hear it, with or without a computer
of their own.

[The number of successes determines the range and
clarity of the sending. One success reaches adjacent rooms,
three a city block, five a small town and eight a city. With
Mind 2, the message becomes an empathic sentiment; at
Mind 3, the message can be detailed and specific.]

of Note

Pleased to meet you,
Hope you guessed my name.
— Rolling Stones, "Sympathy for the Devil"
The following mysticks are well-known
throughout Awakened society, mages whom
even their enemies respect. Though by no
means the most powerful mages alive (or the
only ones of note), each has a reputation
which precedes him or her. Player characters
may cross paths with these notables, hear about their
adventures or even choose one as a mentor or connection
at the Storyteller's option (five points worth, of course).
Such "celebrities" will not, of course, be at a player's beck
and call, but may offer some last-minute aid — or opposi-
tion.

Tradition Masters

These are only the tip of a very large iceberg; each
Tradition naturally has its favored celebrities. These Mas-
ters, however, are familiar to most young Council mages in
the Western world, if only by reputation.

Master Porthos, Drua'shi Master
and Deacon Primus of Chantry
Doissetep

Amid the twisted intrigues of Doissetep, Master Porthos
stands like a battered icon — spat upon, ancient, worn, but
compelling. One of the oldest Tradition magesalive, Porthos
strives to leave a legacy to atone for the Ascension he has
never attained.

A Hermetic mage almost from childhood, Porthos
actually Awakened on his own and joined a Hermetic
House decades before the Grand Convocation. He has seen

20 Hidden Lore

the endless parade of triumphs and frustrations the Council
has endured and is responsible for a number of both. His
conscience often troubles him, but he remains a solid figure
in Council politics, doing whatever need to be done to
further the Traditions' ends. A relentlessly moral man, he
considers himself unworthy of the power he has accumu-
lated and drifts in and out of sanity

Porthos' power is almost unimaginable. On his infre-
quent visits from the Shard Realm of Forces, he radiates an
aura of otherworldly might even Sleepers can detect. The
hobgoblins his frequent Quiets manifest keep Doissetep...
interesting. .. to visit. Through force of personality, magickal
prowessand longevity, Porthos holds onto the leadership of
the Drua'shi, the de facto rulers of Doissetep. Though rival
cabals besiege these "Seekers of Truth," no conspiracy has
dislodged them for long. Despite these triumphs, this Mas-
ter claims to long for death. His recent book, The Fragile
Path: Testaments of the First Cabal, is supposedly his farewell
to this incarnation. If he has a death wish, however, no
would-be assassin could attest to it. Porthos still clings to
life with the ferocity of a mad god.

Czar Vargo

Indisputably the leading scientist of the Sons of Ether,
Czar Vargo was born Vargo Zamtredia on the Black Sea
coast, in what is now the Republic of Georgia, in 1878,
Apprenticed to Count Roland of France, Vargo displayed
astonishing talent with Forces and soon mastered Matter as
well. He developed his conversion engine by age 19 anda
preliminary version of his gravity ray soon thereafter.

At the Paris Exhibition in 1900, Vargo spoke publicly
against the world's preparations for war. Soon thereafter, he
disappeared. He emerged dramatically on July 24, 1914,
when fleets of his airships appeared ov

en major cities


and demanded that all national governments surrender
their arsenals to him. His superior science overcame all
Sleeper opposition, and only the Technocracy's desperate
assault with steam-driven robots and mutant soldiers drove
him away.

Vargo's ships retreated into the sky, presumably past
the Horizon. The New World Order removed all evidence
of the takeover attempt from the historical record, while
Paradox backlashes destroyed entire budding technologies.
Since then, many observers (including Void Engineers)
have reported sightings of Vargo's fleet in the Deep Umbra.
Czar Vargo's current whereabouts and occupation are un-
known.

Najjda Bantu

An African Celestial mage, Najjda resigned from the
Council during the days of the Triangle Trade. A century
later, she helped found the Underground Railroad in the
US., fought the forces of the Confederacy, then returned to
her homeland to "encourage" the English and German
settlers to le: After the Ahl-i-Batin left the Council,
Najjda's allies convinced her to return to Horizon. She has

been a fixture on the Primii Council ever since.

Despite her Tradition's affiliation with the Judeo-
Christian religions, Najjda has always identified the One as
agoddess whom she calls Bau-Hatt. Over 300 years old, she
retains her vigor and transforms into anima

to watch over
her chosen people. Though never wholly pacifistic, Bantu
has avoided excessive violence throughout her centuries of
struggle. The turmoils in central Africa, however, have
wounded her spirit. She has brought rain and purged sick-
nesses on more than one occasion, but realizes that her
battle cannot be won alone. From the Council, Najjda seeks
aunited effort to end Africa's suffering. So far, her compan-
ions seem bent more on warfare than welfare, and she grows

more discouraged with each year.

Within the last five years, a contingent of
Dreamspeakers and Choristers has answered Najjda's call.
Their recent quest to eradicate the Progenitor laboratories
in Zaire has won attention and acclaim from younger

members of the Council.

Dante

Virtual Adept Desmond Collingsworth, AKA Dante,
was born on 07/21/1969 in Chicago. Collingsworth is said
tohave Awakened before birth. Guided by the Progenitors,
he graduated high school at eight, Harvard at 13 and
medical school at 18. Before the Technocracy could recruit
him, however, he was kidnapped by a band of Adepts called
the Lab Rats, each a former Progenitor breeding project like
himself. Learning the ways of magick from them, Dante
went independent and began rescuing children that Pro-

genitors had earmarked as recruits. Most of them he gives

is aa,

over to Tradition allies. Others he sets up in hidden safe
homes with mundane identities.

Dante carries himself with the cool assurance that
comes of supreme competence in a limited domain. In the
Digital Web, Dante has become somewhat of a legend. His
Mastery of Correspondence, Forces and Mind has not
prevented him from socializing with "lesser" mysticks. For
Dante, any person has infinite potential. He has dedicated
himself to helping as many folks realize it as he can.

Alexis Hastings

A tinkerer and a traveler, Alexis has won a strong
reputation among her chauvinistic Etherite colleagues
through meticulous research, ingenuity and pure nerve.
Though personally shy and apparently conservative,
Hastings' enthusiasm for Science knows no bounds. Noto-
rious for her love of electricity, Alexis publishes frequently
in Paradigma and scopes into the Net for R&R (rest and
research). At present, she's hard at work on an Otherworlds
overview, detailing her findings and experiences about
travel beyond the barriers.

Kibo

Much like Demonseed Elite and the similar "Captain
Feedback," Kibo is a semi-mythical idol of the Virtual
Adepts. Kibo definitely lives, physically, but no one knows
his true identity or location. Kibo's fame lies entirely in the
Digital Web. There, he uses impressive Correspondence
magick to appear or cause strange events wherever hisname
is invoked. These tricks are mischievous rather than mali-
cious and sometimes beneficial.

The Adepts have taken to calling Kibo "the god of
cyberspace" and have founded a silly but elaborate religion,
Kibology. Those outside the Tradition find Kibology baf-
fling, unsure whether it is a joke masquerading as a religion
ora religion masquerading as a joke. The Order of Hermes
currently states that Kibology is a religion masquerading as
a joke masquerading as a religion.

Marianna

Archmage Marianna oversees Balador, the supreme
Cult of Ecstasy Chantry, and its surrounding Horizon
Realm city of Altua. A Master of Correspondence, Life,
Matter, Mind and Time, Marianna hardly looks her age
(believed to be 76). Instead, she reshapes herself week by
week, taking on the appearance of ideal beauty in a succes-
sion of current and historical cultures: Berber, Javanese,
Hollywood, Khmer, Hopi, 1920s Paris, 1600s Elizabethan
and a thousand more. Her duties as supervisor of the
Tellurian's greatest pleasure house evidently have not ex-
hausted her; Marianna's continual zest for sensation is
remarkable.

In recent years, Marianna and the Balador cabals have
declared a vendetta against a diabolic cult known as the

Chapter One: Lore 21

\\


ll

Seventh Generation, which (she claims) has deliberately
corrupted sexual practices in the eastern United States.
The Order is unclear as to what kind of sexuality Marianna
could think corrupt, but she has, among Council mysticks,
proven herself a worthy and sensible ally and an archmage
of astonishing power.

Raging Eagle

A mysterious martial artist Master of the Akashic
Brotherhood's order called the Scales of the Dragon, Rag-
ing Eagle has apparently lived many lives, going back to the
Himalayan Wars between the Brotherhood and the
Euthanatos. In his current incarnation, Raging Eagle trained

in Colorado, mastering the most destructive aspects of the
Do. He believes he is fated to die whenever he fights for
more than a week. Though Raging Eagle is undoubtedly
conscientious and means well, he is prone to deep Quiets
and furious changes in temperament.

Sam Haine

The true name of this Verbena mage is unknown; "Sam
Haine" is, of course, a punning reference to the ancient
Samhain festival. The Verbena also call him "Changing
Man" because of his variable appearance. He is said to travel
the world searching for mythic elements of reality and
taking them to Verbena Horizon Realms for preservation.
He also delights in debunking false occult items and ideas
that the Syndicate promulgates among Sleepers.

Iconoclastic to an extreme, Sam Haine consciously
flouts the typical Verbena rituals and trappings. Verbena
mages claim he has allies or sympathizers within the Tech-
nocracy, because he has been captured several times and
escaped each time. An enigmatic figure to Tradition
mysticks, Sam Haine seems to enjoy the confusion he
inevitably leaves in his wake.

Heasha Morninglade

Though young by archmage standards, the Verbena
Heasha has won a significant reputation through her elo-
quent dedication to Ascension's ideals. In an age where few
aspire to any purpose higher than the accumulation of
power, Morninglade's arguments and writings have in-
spired Sleeper and Awakened alike to follow some higher
goal.

The last apprentice of Nightshade, Heasha benefited
from that Primus' centuries of wisdom and folly. She learned,
as few others have, of the Council's founding struggles and
has an uncanny insight into history. Nightshade, whose
vision helped shape the Traditions, may have passed on
more than her Arts and learning; some older mages claim
that Nightshade can still be heard in Heasha's impassioned
rhetoric. Whatever the truth may be, Morninglade is a
formidable willworker for her age. Though not quite 40, she

Hidden Lore

commands the Spheres with the skill of a magus centuries
older.

Heasha holds no formal Council rank, nor does she
en a formal
of mysticks
in a mobile Chantry called the Magic Bus, offering a
helping hand
heads.

Tom "Laughing Eagle" Smithson

A former Apache shaman, Tom Smithson leads the
Lodge of the Gray Squirrel, a four-cabal Chantry of Native
American origins located in a Horizon Realm called the

want one. Politics bore her. Nor has she chost

apprentice. Instead, she often travels with a pac!

and stern wisdom — to mages in over their

Second World of the Diné, Smithson's origins are obscure,
but it is common knowledge that he was enslaved for
decades in the horrendous Technocracy Construct Null-B.
Escaping with four other Dreamspeakers, Smithson re-
turned to Earth and joined the Circle of the Gray Squirrel
in 1958, the first non-Navajo shaman to enter the cabal.

Through great ability, honorable conduct and generos-
ity, Smithson rose to Mastery of Spirit and Adept rank in
several other Spheres, and to leadership of the cabal called
the Cult of the Bear. He is plain-spoken and outwardly
cynical, but has repeatedly shown compassion and friend-
ship to mages of other Traditions.

Smithson and the Bear Cult work both on Earth and in
the Otherworlds to protect Native American people and
beliefs, and are said to have many werecreature allies. t
Smithson himself investigates Horizon Realms of
Technomancers, tutors young mages and raises horses. He
has argued for a united assault by all Traditions on Null-B,
but to no avail.

Technocrats

The Council keeps its most detailed files updated with
Technocratic Masters. Unfortunately, this information is
often subverted by the Union's scrambling and
disinformation magicks, false reports and the almost super-
natural awe with which low-ranking Technomancers regard
their superiors. The mages below are only a handful of these
dedicated foes of dynamism.

The Matriarch

The union of two Iteration X sisters, the Matriarch
commands the dreaded Construct of MECHA, a forced
labor camp/prison from which the Technocracy draws
much of its Classified Bio-Harvested Quintessential Force
(Tass). This mage is said to exist only within MECHA'
massive internal systems, though she supposedly attends
conferences in Autocthonia and travels into the Web for

brief, savage forays.
The Matriarch is a technocratic nightmare, an omni-
present Big Sister who monitors her Construct with


_

unblinking eyes and punishes failure with methods that

cause even cyborgs to tremble. Hated and feared within the
Technocracy itself, the Matriarch nevertheles

epitomizes

Iteration X's ideal of perfection — eternal unity with The

Machine.
Andre Takahashi
. The Syndicate head of the Far East, Takahashi has
A perfected the art of personae. With advanced bio-alteration
N (Life magicks), he switches identifies and nationalities to
NX | whatever suits him. Under aliases, Takahashi is thought to

govern three yakuza families, the Wo Group Triad, a
NWR) Nepalese liberation group and a Brahmin clan with a
N lineage going back over 2,000 years. Whether or not André
WJ killed off the original leaders or simply used Mind influence
to "convince" others that he belonged is a mystery.

Records trace Takahashi to a marriage between a

Si French tradesman and a female samurai in the late 1800s.
RY \
WJ N He learned secrets from a number of mystickal societies

YN before joining the Matsuba-kai ikka shortly before W.W. II.
\ NOSSO There, he encountered a Syndicate cell and devoted him-
~~ self to the Union's cause. When the Technocracy switched

-
wie: sides during the war, he personally undermined the Japa-
nese defense, then fostered U.S. economic interests before
turning their best methods against them. Although he
concerns himself largely with "legitimate" corporations,
Takahashi has found the underground elements to be a
superior form of damage control.
André is a formidable man, versed in sorcery,
y

technomagick, economic control and street violence.

who meet him realize it at the time; Tradition cabals have
clashed with crime families in Asia, Europe and the U.S.,
Kf " b only to find some lead back to one of Takahasi's many
KM SSX, AY personas. Only infiltration, data raids and a bit of André's
Xe RAT YT egotism have allowed the Council to recognize him at all.
QV \ Oscar Hamilton
. \ After the death of Null-B's chief commander Alonzo
Vendiz, Hamilton quickly rose to the top of a bitterly
divided Triumvirate. The Construct, which has weathered
persistent Marauder attacks, has become famous through-
out the Union for its battle-readiness and combat savvy.
Hamilton, a high-ranking NWO operative, is the main
reason for Null-B's survival.

Pd

A graduate of the NWO's top-ranked training acad-
as a Man in Black from World War
I until Watergate, when his identity was compromised by
top-secret tapes. He moved to the then-powerful Construct
toserveas Vendiz' second in command and led the powerful

emy, Hamiliton

shock-troops to victory after victory before a massive Ma-
rauder assault rocked Null-B in 1993. Since then, the
outlying war Construct has suffered badly at the hands of
flying Umbral horrors and internal dissent. Rumor has it

Chapter One: Lore

that Hamilton assassinated Vendiz himself, but the mess

x the killing has left makes this unlikely
¥ Hamilton carries great weight with the Inner Circle. A

brilliant strategist, he has coordinated raids against Horizon

s itself, and once forced the Council headquarters to move
several of its Nodes to avoid being cut off. A quiet man with
an unassuming demeanor, Hamilton hides his war-savvy
well. Those who know him, however, speak of an inhuman
vitality and deep commitment to reality deviate extermina-
tion.

Dr. Ken Himiitsu

This unorthodox Technocrat fills an important post
the preservation of the Union's interests in San Francisco,
His unusual theories and occasional compromises have

earned him enemies and grudging respect from both Coun-
cil mages and the Doctor's colleagues.

Himiitsu is a visionary; he is not above striking alli-
ances with mysticks or investigating wild new theories if
that helps him protect his Sleeper charges better. He will
not tolerate any threat to the people under his protection,

and can be harsh if necessary. In general, however, he

s to work things out pe:

fully, and will offer compro-

mises thatseem treasonous to more dedicated Technocrats.

To him, the common good is an ideal worth any sacrifice.

A massive man, Himiitsu directs the U.C. Medical
Center with a firm hand. His physical strength, affable
manner and powerful friends earn the Doctor a respect out

of proportion with his actual abilities. Like many Progeni-
tors, he keeps a variety of clones around for risky situations.
Unlike most Technocracy leaders, however, Himiitsu is
not afraid to get his hands dirty if need be. He will place
himself — or his clones — in danger if personal involve-

ment is called for.

EvaRaum

An energetic and visionary woman, Raum spearheads
the Void Engineers'

arthbound operations. With her
friendly disposition and charisma, she garners support for
her passion — the exploration and classification of known

space. An amazing capacity for organization, mastery of

Correspondence, Mind and spirit-tech, and complete de-

votion to the Technocratic cause make Raum a driving
force on both sides of the Gauntlet

Eva knows what's out there; during stints with both the
PDC and the BDC, she encountered horrors beyond any
filmmaker's nightmares. The revulsion she feels for these

defilers inspires her to pursue the Pogrom whenever such
"aliens" appear. Outer space, she feels, is the hope of the
future, an endless palace of wonders and resources. To make
space safe, however, the aliens must be taught lesson: The

Earth will not tolerate invasion. Compromise invites chaos.

Those who meet Ms. Raum would never guess at her
fanaticism. A master of P.R., she attends private and

24 Hidden Lore

governmental functions, raising funds and enthusiasm for
fhe conquest of space. Though. in her mid-50s, Eva has
energy and looks that put supermodels to shame. Within
the Conventions, she carries healthy respect for her quick
thinking and boundless knowledge. A joke among the
Engineers states that Raum neversleeps, she simply lets her
clones do it for her. There may more truth than fiction to
the claim

Weaver

A semi-mythical entity which dwells in the Umbral
reflection of San Francisco, Weaver is said to have been a
Orphan shaped by the Technocracy into a guardian of the
Bay Area. Through its control, the geological instabilities
ofthe city have been stabilized. Noone wants to think what
may happen if Weaver were disturbed or destroyed.

Hackers into Technocracy databases have found many
teferences to Weaver, but few hard facts. Most sources refer
to Dr. Himiitsu with veiled comments and innuendo, a
discretion unusual to the literal-minded Technocrats. No
oneseems to understand Weaver's exact function or nature.
Alldata, however, suggests that the entity is something best
left undisturbed, for the city's sake.

Terrance Whyte

Few outside the NWO's Colleguim of History can
claim to have met this elusive historian. Though his writ-
ings indicate an Awakened mind, he is known more for his
dissertations and lectures than for his magickal skill. Whyte
uncanny knack for documentation, however, indicates that
he possesses — or at least seems to possess — great skill with
Time influence.

Whyte's writings are famous throughout both the Union
and the Council. He holds a steadfast devotion to the
Technocratic cause and insists that, given the chaos reality
deviants provoke, the Pogrom was the only logical solution.
Among the many accounts of the Ascension War, Whyte's
are held to be the most reliable — if biased — documents
available.

Wild Cards

These shadowy mages play many sides of the field.
Though they seem to hold alliances with certain groups,
éach pursues his or her agenda over all others. These
mysticks may appear as allies one story and enemies in the
next. Handle with care.

Secret Agent John Courage

This rogue Man in Black seems to have preferred a life
of adventure to the boredom of a Technocratic routine.
The epitome of the super-agent, Courage refutes the com-
mon wisdom that all Men in Black are soulless drones. He's
changed sides more times than anyone can count. It's only

ON OK


NO Ail

\

2

because of his almost preternatural senses, fantastic luck
and impenetrable Arcane powers that John Courage isalive
s hit list, many
among their rank-and-file admire Courage and let him

at all. Though he tops the Technocrac

"miraculously" escape capture.
If John Courage is confused by his own skewed agenda,
he doesn't let it show. Though his actions are flamboyant in

the extreme, his demeanor is always calm and secure. No

obvious feature separates Courage from any other Man in
Black. He has not, as of yet, met his demise, so his skills must
exceed his compatriots' by a very wide margin. No one
knows why Secret Agent John Courage does what he does,
but wherever trouble beckons, he cannot be far behind.

Jodi Blake

An infamous Nephandus, Blake rarely appears the

same way twice. Her favorite forms seem to include beauti-
ful children, seductive young women, male rock musicians
and strippers. Though supposedly a Tradition barabbi, no
one knows exactly where or when she came from.
Subterfuge is Jodi's game, and she plays it well. Even
the Dark Ones do not trust her; it has been said that over 40
mages have fallen through this tempter's manipulations
Whatever form she takes, Jodi prefers physical beauty over
combat prowess and subtlety over violence. Centuries of
life have taught her dozens of skills in addition to her
magicks, and she can outmaneuver most younger oppo-

26 Hidden Lore

nents through sheer wit. When forced to fight, she often

takes the form of some animal, attacks and flees.

Demonseed Elite

The Virtual Adepts use the handle "Demonseed Elite"
to refer to an early Master who supposedly worked for Bell
Labs in the 1970s. By means unknown, this Master merged
with the global telecommunications network, living en-
tirely in its cable and satellite links. Since that time, he has
physically manifested as "a giant orange monster truck"
that runs down his enemies.

According to the Adepts, Demonseed is omniscient
and extremely hostile to on-line vandals, whom he consid-
ers "lame." The Adepts recount tales of disemboweled or
lobotomized hackers. These resemble urban legends, and
the Council itself has not yet verified the existence of
Demonseed Elite.

Robert Davenport

Dr. Robert Davenport is the most famous Marauder in

existence. While the Tellurian echoes with rumors of Mad
Ones in Shangri-

, Tocs on space stations and Chaos

, the only name everyone seems to know

nport's, and the only confirmed fact anyone can get
hold of is that he is the leader of a strange, powerful and
ever-changing group of crazies known collectively as the

Butcher Street Regulars.


Those who claim to have met him say he is an older
man (hair color varies by the eyewitness reports), slightly
taller than average and very charismatic. Lucid, reasonable
and apparently favorably inclined towards the Traditions
when in his saner states, he is a master of tactics, a remark-
able leader (i.e., he can keep 12 or more Marauders together
and focused — more or less — long enough to be effective)
and distressingly likable. Less-experienced mages are ad-
vised, should they encounter the group, to retreat to a safe
distance and let the Regulars do their stuff. Mere Adepts
probably can't stop them, and it's no good sticking around
just to die in the Paradox backlash.

The Regulars themselves, met singly, are less danger-
ous — perhaps. Two of the group are supposedly lying open
on dissecting tables in the Progenitors' labs, taken down by
three mundanes with automatic pistols. On the other hand,
Mama Goose, a well-known and powerful zooterrorist, is
said to run with them, and the Islington Horror (a manifes-
tation of unknown but considerable power) has been
reported at the scenes of four BSR attacks.

The Technocracy, of course,

wants Davenport dead.
Rif cis Welieved co belorehestrated by Hicreatewayer =
rl Gurannoying portinn be diss Oneraions every. year)
and the'sicuation is embarrassing. The Syndicate has of-
fered a substantial bounty for his verifiable death (both in
mundane terms and to the attractive tune of 1,000 Tass),
but so far no claimants have come forth.

1 ii, la
Jennifer Rollins

Though trained by Verbena and Ecstatic Mentors, this
wild card chose neither group. Instead, she wanders the
Earth looking for insights and novelty. Originally an artist,
Rollins extends her talents to her magick, weaving Prime,
Life and Spirit affinities into a primal Orphan style.

Rollins is an intuitive mystick rather than a scholarly
one. Her training has been short and eclectic — some say
that a Nephandus took her as his apprentice before she
killed him. Though barely 25, she commands power out of
proportion with her short Awakened life. Those familiar
with Avatars say Jennifer's is quite strong; she is clearly
destined for great things. Many groups have tried to get
their hands on her, but she has little to do with any of them.
She follows her own Path.
arcastic and direct, Rollins

eccentric, even among
Orphans. Fond of body art, she sports a variety of tattoos

and piercings. A collection of faded scars on her arms betray

he wanders
barefooted in ragged neo-hippie clothing and is said to have
actually
seen her with any. Ferally attractive, Rollins still has a

her most common focus—rune blood magick

friends among the shapeshifters, though no one h:

somber side even the Cult could not lighten. Though she
makes friends easily, she never settles for long. Jennifer
Rollins is the quintessential Orphan — primal, tragic and
loaded with potential.

Chapter One: Lore


HI

cat iN hn "I igs

i N aT

i go

Mul
Ss
1
{

»

WW

seer

Cae

1 rR:
SS
ss
ph
Ae)
, \W
DS
SS
J

> Sy) RAN
/ — Ap) I
| HT] :

< a i


in the

Introduction

"Shadows in the Rain" is an introduc-
tory setting for Mage. Both background
material and story ideas are included. Al-
though most of the information pertains to
the city of Seattle, the description centers
round a Chantry hidden under Pike's Place
Market, an area located between downtown
Seattle and Elliot Bay. While the Technocracy has thor-
oughly infiltrated the city (especially through their ties to
a local aircraft manufacturing company), there are other

groups in Seattle that are just as dangerous and hostile to

Tradition mysticks.

Chapter Two:

adows

Rain

Woke up in my clothes again this moming
I don't know exactly where I am

And I should heed my doctor's warning
He does the best with me he can *

He says I suffer from delusion

But I'm so confident I'm sane

It can't be optical illusion

So how can you explain

Shadows in the Rain?

— Sting, "Shadows in the Rain"

Themes and Motifs

The Sleepers who live near downtown Seattle are un
aware of the dangers that surround them. Occultists study
horrific magicks, monstrous creatures stalk the night, and
behind the scenes, a secret society known as the Technocracy
weaves its subtle web of control over both the enlightened and
the mundane. In the midst of this madness, a hidden group of

mages watchfully guard against the coming of night. The
Cubbyhole Chantry isn't large, but their altruism and vigi
lance has kept their neighborhood alive.

The mages described here are all students or custos who
reside in the "Theater of tle Mind" (see pp. 35-42) while
serving and protecting their Chantry. Visiting mages will have

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain


NOP Ail

achance to see the benefits and drawbacks ofa large Chantry.
The Theater is filled with politics and rivalry, complications
and diversions, but it also has a wide variety of resources for
characters who want to become part of the Seattle scene.

The setting is well-suited to multi-faceted adventures.
While Seattle is a considerable city, it isn't huge, and
outside the city limits, suburbs quickly disappear and give
way to wilderness. The downtown area is perfect for stories
that require a gritty urban setting, while the wild is an ideal
atmosphere for surreal and mysterious encounters.
(Snoquolmie, the real-life setting where Twin Peaks was
filmed, is only afew hours away.) There are also possibilities
for politics and intrigue. Although the conflicts in the
Chantry are slowly getting more intense, most of the
members are still very motivated and quite loyal to the
Chantry's founder, Rudolfo Ouspensky.

The dominant motif here is the juxtaposition of dyna-
mism against stasis. The unusual is often found in the midst
of the commonplace. Strangeness breeds in Seattle. Pike's
Place Market swarms with mundanes — tourists, shoppers
and merchants conduct their business with great vigor —
but it also attracts more than its fair share of eccentric and
bizarre people. On the weekends, the crowds of Sleepers try
to leave the banality in their lives behind them, and the
neighborhood comes alive. On the surface, the community
buzzes with a mixture of conformity and energy.

Behind the scenes, few Sleepers realize the real energies
at work here. Hidden in the teeming masses, supernatural
forces watch, wait and sometimes act. The mages of the
Theater of the Mind want to keep the chaos and energy
alive in the neighborhood, but they have to keep it under
control, too. Their task is complicated by the internal
bickering that occurs whenever large groups of people work
or live together. Even so, these mages feel a degree of
responsibility to their community. A large part of that is
motivated by asurvival instinct. By keeping their neighbor-
hood safe, they keep themselves safe. Two dominant themes,
then, are community and survival.

The local mysticks are at a distinct disadvantage in
protecting themselves: the area is a target for Marauders
who want to unleash their madness on an unsuspecting

populace, but it's also surrounded by enough witnesses that
Technocracy agents have an edge in conducting investiga-
tions. If the mages here can't keep the neighborhood safe,
the Technocracy will resort to more extreme methods to
police the area. Tourists have cameras, merchants become
territorial, and locals can become inquisitive. For Tradition
mages in this area, discretion is the better part of survival.

The Neighborhood

While downtown Seattle isn't that different from the
downtown of any other gritty urban metropolis, the area
around Pike's Place Market is a little cleaner, a little nicer

30 Hidden Lore

and a lot more oriented toward shoppers and tourists who
want to mingle in a friendly, happening environment. A
few blocks away, affability gives way to the slightly morose
and stand-offish attitudes affected by many of the locals
downtown. On a sunny day, spirits rise... but most of the
year, sunny days aren't terribly common.

The amount of rain that allegedly falls in Seattle has been
exaggerated... slightly. Not every day is rainy, although the
weather often has a cold, murky, Gothic feel for weeks at a
time. Rain is common enough and light enough to be ignored
by the Washingtonians who live there. It's not unusual for
someone not to notice it's raining until several minutes after
he's lefthis front doorstep. Light jackets and trenchcoats aren't
terribly common, but only a tourist would carry an umbrella.

One reason the rain and cold is endurable is the constant
availability ofall forms of coffee. Mocha, latte, Americanoand
even (gasp!) drip coffee (preferably blended) — you name it,
it's here. In Seattle, even McDonald's sells espresso.

East

Two blocks east of the market, Second Avenue has the
feel of any other street downtown. Buses pass by every few
minutes, the homeless ask for change, and businessmen sip
their espresso. Mundanes rarely nod at each other when
they pass on the street; freaks welcome their brethren. For
most of the year, people resign themselves to the lack of
sunlight, the slight cold and the occasional rainfall. Many
residents, in fact, prefer things that way.

On First Avenue, the austerity of downtown gives way
to a colorful row of shops and businesses. The diversity is
quite evident, ranging from the Hotel St. Regis and
Nordstrom's department store north of the Market to the
Lady Lust Theater south of it. The more notable locations
include the office of a psychic reader, a store specializing in
New Age and environmental merchandise, several trendy
clothing stores and a few bookstores and gift shops.

Although Seattle has the feel of a small town, the
"homeless problem" in Seattle is comparable to what one
would normally find in a much larger city. There are a few
missions between Pike's Place and nearby Pioneer Square,
one of which is tended by Morgan Celeste. The charity
reduces the suffering somewhat, but some visitors still ‘
aren't quite sure how to react to the constant requests for
change. Most hurry past and hope to avoid conflict as much
as possible.

West

The street that runs along the west side of the building,
Western Avenue, runs steeply downhill. As it passes by the
Market, itdescends from a small park at the north end of the
building to the bottom of a flight of stairs at the south end.
A massive parking garage is available, and a few blocks
away, traffic from the city's highway, I-5, rushes past on an
elevated expressway.


Elliot Bay is two blocks west of the market. There are
more shops here, but these are set inside huge buildings
built atop piers jutting into the bay. Along Alaska Way,
tourists and shoppers can stroll along a boardwalk stretch-
ing from one shopping plaza to another. Among the
attractions are several large seafood establishments, the

Seattle Aquarium, tours of nearby Puget Sound and count-
less opportunities to purchase momentos of one's visit.

Immediately to the suothwest of the market is Armory
Park. On weekends, vendors surround the area, tourists
relax on benches, the homeless sleep on the grass. Once in
awhile, a "mall preacher" or street musician will stand on
ahill in the middle of the park to address the assembly. The
Space Needle can be seen to the northeast.

South

Immediately to the south of the market lie the Harbor
Steps: a stairway as wide as a city street leading from the
open-air market to the bottom of Western Avenue. Across
the street from the top of the steps is a local celebrity: the
Hammerin' Man.

The Hammerin' Man is a four-story black metal sculp-
ture that resembles a cut-out figure. He holds a long piece
of metal in one hand and a large mallet in the other.

Powered by a motor hidden in his back, he slowly hammers
away, over and over and over. A wide stairway that leads to

Second Avenue is a known gathering place for Marauders.

CP)

1 a, a:

One block south of the statue is a two-story black-and-
white mural of another local celebrity. The image of Jimi
Hendrix looks out on the bay, surrounded by psychedelic
shapes and figures. Cultists of Ecstasy have been known to
stop and puff a few salutes in tribute.

Pike's Place Market

Froma distance, the Market doesn't look terribly large.
A huge neon sign on the corner of Pike Street and Pike
Place advertises the "Public Market Center" in 10 foot high

neon letters. Directly below the sign is the main entrance
to the building.

* Pike's Place

This street runs along an arcade located on the top
story of the Pike's Place Market. Traffic from cars is light;
traffic from pedestrians, however, is heavy on the week-

ends. On the east side of the street, a series of shops sells
T-shirts to Turkish delight. On the
west side of the street is the market itself.

© The Arcade

The top floor of the Market is busiest on the weekends.
Fish merchants scream to passing customers, and fresh

everything from tie-dye

seafood res

s on beds of ice. Street musicians compete for
the crowd's attention, vendors hawk from tables, farmers
sell their produce, shoppers wander by in droves, and
eccentric locals mingle in the crowd.

ADWA\

Xl

S. WASHINGTON

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain


NO Ail

N

There are a few signs posted to encourage patrons to
help "Save the Market." The establishment was almost
destroyed in the early '70s until the community came to its
aid. Since then, the merchants running the market have
kept their home alive by using a number of unusual strate-
gies. The most unusual can be found at the corner of Pike
Place and Pike Street — parents and children often stop to
put spare change into a four-foot-high brass piggy bank.

The Interior

The architecture inside the building dates back to 1907.
A long walkway of ramps leads through six stories of shops and
stores. Getting lost is extremely easy, but that does encourage
tourists to stick around a little longer. Many of the merchants

here specialize in the unusual. Browsers can examine Egyptian
decorations, rare movie posters, antique dolls, collectible
comic books, rare books, Native American artwork, French
pastries, Japanese artwork, wind-up to)
curiosities.

* The First Floor

The first floor of the building adjoins Western Avenue,
The shops down here don't get as much traffi

s and other assorted

as the stores
along the Arcade. Most customers don't enter the building
from the ground floor, so the stores here cater to customers
looking for high-priced items, such as antiques or specialty
items. The least frequented store, it would seem, is a magic
shop sequestered in a corner of the first floor.

The Conjurer's Cubbyhole

Buried in the first floor of the market-
place, deep inside the labyrinthine structure,
small and fairly modest shop called the
‘Conjurer's Cubbyhole." The entryway itself
is fairly nondescript, and the sign above the
door has worn away over the years.

ie
Ne

dion.

No one would ever know the store was
here if it wasn't for a rather garish theatrical
poster by the front door. The top of the poster
screams out in neon letters the name of the store's owner:
"Rudolfo: The King of Magic!" A garishly painted scene
proclaims Rudolfo's accomplishments as "The Acme of
Mystical Prowess!" The owner has over 50 posters in his
collection, and although the sign over the door hasn't been
changed, the poster changes once a month. The latest
display might show him levitating a scantily-clad woman
over a pit of snakes, wrestling a giant gorilla, firing a pistol
at a charging elephant, hanging in chains over a tank of
water or one of the countless other spectacular feats he has
(allegedly) performed.

The Cubbyhole has a wide selection of merchandise,
both on the floor and in the "back room," but the store itself
is exceedingly small. The wares here range from simple
tricks a child of 12 could (almost) perform to professional
supplies and a few collector's items. The selection of fake
shrunken heads, Halloween masks, trick knives and bottles

of stage blood adds a sinister touch to the atmosphere. In
fact, the atmosphere giv

s most people the creeps. (It's
reminiscent of the magic shop in Pee Wee's Big Adventure,
although it'sa little stranger, if that's possible.) Most people
who wander into the store are judged by their reactions.
Anyone who takes an Addam's-Familiesque delight in the
store's strangeness is noted as being "one of the family."

Once in a while, some connoisseur of the macabre
inquires about a particular collector's item. Those "in the

32 Hidden Lore

know" speak of the Cubbyhole's unusually vast selection of
curios. The occasional sale of one of the:

e collector's pieces

is really what keeps the store in business. The latest item on
display is a Box of Knives, a sinister recreation of an iron
maiden that resulted in the death of a magician's assistant
30 years ago. The curios often sell for unusually exorbitant
prices, but periodically (and mysteriously), a piece is sold
for a favor or another rare item.

Few people are invited into the "back room" where
most of these items are kept. The door, marked "Private," is
kept locked. There's a reason for the owner to be cautious
— he's very particular about who he lets into the back. The
greatest accomplishment of his career is the Chantry oc-
culted behind his store.

The Conjurer's Cubbyhole is actually just a front for a
Chantry run by Rudolfo. Although he's a Hermetic mage, his
Chantry has members from most of the Traditions, and is a
very popular meeting place for Hollow Ones. Rudolfo is a
rather gregarious fellow. If the characters meet with Rudolfo's
approval, the Storytellershould encourage the players to think
of the Cubbyhole as a "second home." The troupe of practitio-
ners that surround him are all part of his greatest performance.

Security

The shabby collection of rooms in the basement of Pike's
Place Market doesn't attract many customers, but it's close
enough to a high-profile shopping center to make it difficult
for, say, an army of HIT Marks or Men in Black to march into
the place without attracting Paradox or undue attention.
Speaker phones connect the front counter to the back rooms,
enabling people in the shop to communicate with people in
the Chantry. The shop is fully owned by Rudolfo.

One side effect of the Chantry's magickal energy is a
psychic disturbance that makes the establishment slightly
more suspicious. Every once ina while, for no readily apparent


feason, people attempting to go into the shop find themselves
in another shop. Most of the time, they simply believe they
made a wrong turn ("I meant to go into the Cubbyhole. Why
did I come here? I guess my mind was wandering. How-
ever, visitors who makea Perception + Alertness roll, difficulty
8, have a clear memory of going into the Cubbyhole. Unles
they havea reason to believe in space-time distortions, they'll
get extremely confused. ("Wait... What's going on here?")
Fortunately, it never happens to the same person twice in a
Tow, and rarely occurs more than once every few weeks.

Behind Closed Doors

The walls of the back room are lined with a number of
unusual devices. Up to 10 pieces sit on display at any given

time. Among the most visible ones present now are: a
square box that looks suspiciously like an iron maiden, a
aquarium filled with
murky fluids, a web wrought of black chains, a strait jacket
suspended from the ceiling and a stuffed jackalope. Rudolfo
will not reveal the story behind a display unless he believes
the visitor is genuinely interested in acquiring it.

deep-sea diving suit, a large gla

The back room of the magic shop adjoins the foyer of the
Chantry, Its wall is entirely covered by a red velvet curtain. If
visitors are lucky enough to be deemed worthy to visit the
Theater, Rudolfo, with suitably dramatic flair, will part the
curtains and reveal a rolling wooden door. This door is a
Talisman that separates the mundane dimensions of the back
room from the fantastic space-time distortion (represented by
aswirling mass of vibrant colors) that leads into the Chantry's
lobby. A visitor can only pass through if he possesses at least
one level of Mind or Spirit, or ifhe'saccompanied byamember
of the theater troupe. A ceremony is required on stage before
a mystick is acknowledged as a "member of the family." The
door cannot be circumvented by the use of Correspondence.
(The stats for the Talisman are Arete 4, Quint
Correspondence 4, Spirit 4, Prime 2.)

The Other Side

The area on the other side of the velvet curtain has a

sence 20,

deceptive complication: the Realm isa bit larger than what
the mages here require. The extradimensional building
immediately behind the door is well-defined for less than a

city block; beyond that, guarding the building becomes
difficult. The exits lead to a series of tunnels that connect
this Realm to others like it, but exploring these tunnels has
proven to be somewhat difficult.

Shawn Cornell, the Chantry's resident expert in non-
Euclidean mathematics and urban spelunking, can testify
to the deceptive nature of the Umbral labyrinth. The
sand traps he has set throughout the tunnels do little
all his nightmares of the horrors that may be

senso}

to fores

contained below. The members of the Chantry aren't sure

which is more of a threat: the rival mages above, or the
dangers that might lurk in the tunnels below.

At the center of this chaos, a group of mysticks try to
preserve their safety and sanity. Intra-group stress and
external threats have slowly turned them against each
other, like rats in a shrinking cage. Tempers run high, and
frustration boils. In the center of this performance is Rudolfo,
the director of his troupe and the leader of a collection of
eclectic and eccentric actors in his Theater of the Mind.

The Theater of the Mind

So you are interested in the unknown? We cannot keep this
a secret any longer...

— The Great Criswell, Plan Nine from Outer Space

It's no wonder that Rudolfo was optimistic about this
Realm. The ambiance and structure of this pocket reality
was influenced by the artistic vision of the 1940s and
reflects that era's grace and style. The main chamber of the
Chantry resembles an opulent, old-style theater. Cream-
colored walls, rococo designs, a hint of Art Deco and iron
railings all add to the effect.

The Lobby

The theater lobby's rich elegance puts the utilitarian
appearance of a modern movie theater lobby to shame. In
that bygone age, no expense was spared to make a guest feel
as though his visit was an important one.

On the ground floor, more glorious theatrical posters
adorn the walls. Mostofthem advertise some of Rudolfo's most
momentous performances and reveal a retrospective of his
greatest (alleged) achievements. Beyond the red curtain lies a
three-story atrium; elegant staircases lead escorted guests up to
personal rooms on the two upper floors.

When guests arrive, one of the custos emerges from the
cloak room and offers to check any outer clothing. A counter
stretches between the two doors leading into the theater;
another custos sits reading there most of the time. The brass
eagle of a 30-year old espresso machine shines with pride
behind him. Students who are too busy to find food elsewhere
are quite grateful for the java and pastries available here.

If characters are invited to one of the famous Chantry
meetings in the Theater of the Mind, they'll have a chance
to meet at least five or six of the performers in the lobby
beforehand. Such meetings are only called once a week, but
what the gatherings lack in size, they make up for with
intensity. Once a visitor enters the main chamber from this
side, he'd best be prepared to argue well.

The Main Hall

Although the Art Deco decor is still intact, the theater
has undergone a few renovations. Most of the seats in the
hall have been removed, and only the first three rows are
still here. The carpeting was replaced by parquet tiles from

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 33

ii: a


a visiting Arabian mystick in an effort to preserve the
dimensions of the theater. (How long the enchantment
will work is anyone's guess...)

By the back wall, a wooden loom displays the handi-
work of Branwyn Elspeth, the leader of the Traditionalist
Cabal. She adjusts the pattern in the threads from day to
day. If one looks closely at her work, insights into the
supernatural activity in the city

are revealed. Unfortu-
nately, Branwyn is usually frenetically busy; she'll bite the
head off of anyone who looks over her shoulder as she
works. She grows visibly agitated if spectators come any-
where near her; this lack of manners is her way of showing
how terribly overworked and important she is. Despite this,
she remains available to the members of her cabal, and she
is extremely polite to possibly allies. Although she's a very
vocal critic of Ruldolfo's policies, the Chantrymates she
manipulates form the second strongest cabal in the city

In thecenter ofthe chamber, a marble fountain hamesses
magickal energies. The investment of effort and energy has
paid off: the Chantry's Node has liquid Tass flowing through

34

Hidden Lore

its glowing white water. This fountain actually combines four
Nodes, and together they bring about 20 points of Quintes-

sence into the Chantry each day. 10 points gather in the
surrounding pool each day. (Ps

hics will notice the presence
of the Tass if they can make a Perception + Alertness roll.) The
rest of the energy is absorbed into the fountain's rock. From
there, the energy sustains the structure of the Realm — nota
drop spills onto the parquet tiles.

The first three rows of the theater have comfortable
chairs, and performances are held on the stage at least once
aweek. Ifa visitor peers into the orchestra pit, the phospho-
rescent glow of computer screens reveals when Magnus, the

antry's Virtual Adept, is present. The orchestra pit is
more appropriate for him than a laboratory: he carefully
programs the rows of synthesizers and recording equipment
he stores down here. Magnus is famed both for his musical
talent and his gift for summoning spirits. This has brought
a great deal of criticism upon his cabal, especially from the
more Traditional mages who frequent the establishment,

|
|
|


When his cabal's leader is patrolling the streets, Magnus
usually acts as the spokesman for his comrades.

From the stage, you can easily survey all the activity in
the main chamber. Not surprisingly, Chantry meetings are
held here, and they're suitably dramatic. The energetic
arguments of the two strongest cabals have never resulted
in certémen duels, but they have, at times, come close.
When the arguments start, the front door is locked. There's
no point in locking all of the exits; anyone impulsive to
storm out of the room would do so at his own risk...

The Tunnels

Rare indeed is the visitor who is bold enough to leave
the theater from either side of the stage. Six exits lead from
the theater, and all of them work. Two of them are deadly...

The two doors on the left side of the theater lead to the
Chantry's library —an unassuming room overflowing with
theater and movie posters, magazines and books both
magickal and mundane. Mysteriously, the room changes its
size each day, and the number of books present appear to
change from week to week. As a side effect of the spatial
distortion, the "interlibrary loan" results in the disappear-
ance, reappearance and replacement of about 20% of the
room's tomes each week. Very rarely, alternate or alien
books will replace familiar ones. Shawn Cornell has thus
volunteered to be the Chantry's librarian, as only his
constant revision of algorithms can allow him to guess
where reference materials are. (The difficulty of all Re-
search rolls in this room increases by +3.)

The two doors on the right side lead into a series of
hallways, which continue the architectural motif of the the-
ater for several blocks. The space-time distortion on this side

Personalities

of the chamber seems somewhat contained as well, but the
configuration shifts from week to week. The members of the
Chantry treat it as they would an unpredictable hedge maze.
Sometimes whispered discussions and intense arguments are
carried on here, far from prying eyes. When Chantry meetings
begin, the doors are locked. It's also rumored that two of the
mysticks meet in the maze for more amorous reasons...

Leaving on either side of the stage can have tragic
results. The exit signs flicker as the configuration of these
tunnels change. Beyond the steel doors, stone tunnels seem
to go on forever. Sections connect in strange and unusual
ways, and interconnected locations baffle explorers unfa-
miliar with the Correspondence Sphere. Rudolfo is fairly
certain that the Realm only extends as far as the city limits
of Seattle. Mercifully, only one person has seen any type of
creatures in the tunnels, but despite the efforts of Shawn
Cornell, the tunnels still haven't been fully explored. Theo-
retically, anything could be down here.

Within the labyrinth behind the stage, two paths lead to
the real world. Regardless of reconfigurations of the maze,
Shawn can follow both of them quite easily. The first egress is
a waterway that empties into the city sewers. Anyone trying to
enter through the other side of the waterway experiences a
disorienting psychic effect similar to the one customers feel in
the Conjurer's Cubbyhole (described above). The second
passage leading to the real world ends in a metal door leading
to a transit tunnel. There are many such tunnels under
downtown Seattle — several buses travel through them be-
tween eight in the morning and five in the afternoon. Shawn
is pleased to know that there'sa fairly dependable escape route
from the Chantry. Secretly, it pleases him even more know
that he's the only one who knows where it is.

Got a gallery of figures standing in a row,
And every single figure has a soul of its own
— Oingo Boingo, "My Life"

The mages of the Theater of the Mind have
polarized into two factions. Their agendas clash
with little violence but plenty of emotion. Stage
left is the Traditional Cabal, a group of intro-
spective willworkers who want to build a
"sensible" Chantry. Most of them prefer to wait
and watch the situation in Seattle, focusing on problems
involving mages and Sleepers nearby rather than complicating
their lives with other supernatural problems. Stage right is the
Renegade Cabal, a group of modern mages who believe that the
Chantry should be more pro-active. They organize patrols,
both above and below the Theater, to seek out problems and
overcome them. There's also the beginning of a third cabal, a
group of disaffected practitioners who would just as soon forego

both activities and focus on survival. The Hollow Ones in the
neighborhood form the core of this third group.

Considering the youth of most of its members, the Cub-
byhole has a good reserve of energy and magick at its disposal.
With such resources behind them, player characters who deal
with the Chantry have a chance to learn the levels of con-
spiracy and deception within the city. What they investigate,
though, will affect how the three factions react to them. If they
have no interest in the local vampires and werewolves, the
Renegades will criticize them, but if they get involved, the
Traditionalists will be concerned. A third resource also exists:
the Outcast Clique at the Liquid Haze, a coffee shop down-
town (see "Adventures"), which consists of three
barely-Awakened (but street-savvy) Hollow Ones and four of
their Sleeper friends.

Despite the clash, most people within the Chantry
have developed a great affection for the place and the other
people in it. One cabal in the Chantry (possibly the one

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 35


WX Z

that associates with the characters) creates trouble con-
stantly. They aren't traitors per se, but more like problem
children, constantly in trouble and continually bringing
embarrassment to their "superiors."

The Shadow Box
Players

Anyone visiting the Chantry has to personally cleared by
Rudolfo. He has sought out practitioners with strong magickal

abilities who are honestly willing to make the world a better
place. Any new mysticks visiting the area have to prove
themselves before he lets them into the "back room," but once
he's decided he likes someone, he sticks by his hunches.

A group of performers — the Chantry's acolytes — work
and sometimes even live here in rooms on the second floor.
This troupe, the Shadow Box Players, has five corg members
and two additional "stagehands" who know the secrets behind
this gig. These five artists — Sally Cornwall, Stefani Olsen,
Larry Cook, Dawn Groseclose and Chris Russell — have years
of dance, music, acting, gymnastics and stage combat experi-
ence. Rodolfo pays them well for their services, and Larry arid
Chrisrarely leave the Realmatall. All five are sworn tosecrecy
about their gig, and would never compromise it. Ifthe word got
out about the theater, each one knows, the Players' fun would
end for good.

The stagehands, CeeCee and I
please (though CeeCee keeps rabbits ina room set aside for her

use), Both work outside the Realm as well, and do freelance

come and go as they

tech work for mundane theater groups. Like the Players, these

Sleepers know thatsomething extraordinary is going on in this
fabulous place. They're easy-going people, but would give their
lives to protect the Realm from the outside world.

Every week or so, the Players perform some new show for
their hosts and any visitors. Some mages, especially Hype,
Miriam, Magnus and even Rodolfo himsel
These acts range from music concerts to three-act plays or

f, get involved.

magic (or magick) shows. Audiences are encouraged, though
not coerced, to tip the players. In between shows and rehears-
als, the Players keep the place tidy, practice, hang around or
socialize with their mystick counterparts.

The Leaders

Rudolfo Ouspensky
The Chantry Leader

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Order of Hermes

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity

Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

amina 3, Charisma 5,

36 Hidden Lore

Abilities: Alertness 2, Awareness 4, Brawl 1, Computer 2,
Cosmology 4, Culture 2, Dodge 3, Drive 1, Enigmas 4,
Etiquette 3, Expression (stage magic) 4, Intuition (trust-
worthiness of others) 4, Investigation 3, Law 3, Leadership 4,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Meditation 4, Occult 5, Research 5,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 3, Science 1
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Arcane 4, Avatar 3, Chantry 3,
Destiny 3, Dream 1, Library 3, Node 3

Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 2, Forces 4, Life 3,
Matter 3, Mind 4, Prime 3, Spirit 2, Time 1

Willpower: 8

Background: Rudolfo Ouspensky was born in 1937,
and he's loved magic as long as he can remember. Asa child

in his native Czechoslovakia, he went to magic shows with
his father. After the Second World War, his family moved
to America. Entertainment was different there, but watch-
ing vaudevillian magicians sparked his imagination, and
yearly visits from a traveling circus fanned the flames. Asa
freshman in college, he voraciously read every book on
magic he could find. He never believed magic to be more
than clever stage tricks until a fateful day in 1953.

On acold December morning, Rudolfo sneaked into the
workshop of a prominent stage magician to learn some trade
secrets. His curiosity demanded answers. He had two choices
in life: find the secrets he needed to make his dreams come
alive, orexpose magicasasham and put it behind him. Hoping
for the best, he caught the performer by surprise

He found more than he bargained for: the magician opened
up a suitcase, calmly stepped in and closed it behind him.


Rudolfo was stunned. He didn't want to disbelieve —
in fact, he wanted to find out more. He picked up the
suitcase, ran to his dorm room and set it on the floor. Then
he waited. Eventually, as Rudolfo expected, the suitcase
opened, and a very surprised magician stuck his head out.

‘Where am 1?" the mage demanded. "Who are you?"

"Your new student!" Rudolfo replied, and the res
they say was magic (or magick, as it were).
Five years later, "The Great Rudolfo" was ready to tour

the world. He made a career of wowing his audiences with
"Amazing Feats of Mystic Wonder!" With style andskill, he
pursued the "Acme of Magical Accomplishment" as he
traveled from one exotic location to another, fighting
Nephandi, Marauders and Technomancers along the way.
15 years later, his youthful vigor and vitality finally began
to ebb. He settled in Seattle, and began to create the
Conjurer's Cubbyhole

Since 1973, the Cubbyhole has beena haven fortraveling
Traditionalist mages who meet with Rudolfo's approval. The
store is the same as when it opened, and Rudolf hasn't
changed much either. The Chantry, however, has grown and
prospered. If only the Realm didn't keep growing, too...

Though he's a generous man, Rodolfo is no fool; his

travels have shown him how dangerous the world can be, and

he won't open the red curtain to just anyone. Once he's
identified a mystick, Rudolfo has more respect if the prospec-
tive performer chooses clever illusions over powerful Effects.
(After all, when you know magic, altering the universe would
be cheating!) Most traveling mages will usually have to
perform a service for the community before Rudolfo will take
them into his confidence. He's very open about the fact that
he prefers Hermetic magick to all other forms, but doesn't
harbor ill will for any Tradition, save for the Euthanatos
(whose "Good Death" seems to be nothing less than an excuse
for murder). When he meets Orphans, he'll usually offer the
talented ones a chance to join the Order of Hermes.

Although he's quite comfortable dealing with Chantry
politics, the pressures of his fame within Council circles has
influenced his approach to magick. With him, magick is a
matter of "all or nothing." He can accomplish minor feats quite
easily with simple stage magic, and he's busy enough to leave
most essential tasks to his Chantrymates. When he pulls offan
Effect, however, he always has to live up to his reputation. For
that reason, he doesn't go all-out very often. When he does, he
considers anything less than absolute perfection as failure. This
leaves himslightly sad: he knows that ifhe fails, he mustdoeven
better next time. For that reason, he usually leaves the major
castings to other younger mages, who "need the practice more."

Image: Rudolfo is a kindly man in his late 50s with a
pleasant face and a ready smile. He treats just about every-
one as a doting uncle would: finding out what they like and
arranging to find it for them. He delights in the strange, and
loves simple tricks. Since the store is fully his, he has the

option of being as eccentric as he likes, right down to his
choices in clothing.

Although his corpulent frame looks most at home when
he sportsa tux, tails and cloak, he usually prefers slacks, loafers
and a sweater. Regardless of his accouterments, his stage
presence is always evident. He leads by charisma, not guile.
Rudolfo speaks with a slight Rumanian accent.

Roleplaying Notes: Gregarious and charismatic, you
are the consummate performer. By putting people off-guard
with your dramatic flair, you can take opportunities to test
their reactions. You've got an intuition for human charac-
ter, but any skepticism you hold hides behind an outgoing
demeanor. Help those in need, but never give away your
secrets easily. People must prove their good intentions
before you'll risk the safety of your Chantry.

Every once in a while, you grow sad; the world was once
amore romantic place. The lessons you haveleamed are more
Valuable than ever, now. Some might accuse you of hiding in
your Cubbyhole, but you know that the hope and wonder you
inspire will lead younger "students" — mage and mortal alike
— to respect your Arts and the world around them.

Sanctum: Rudolfo has asmall apartmentin the Chantry
containing everything he holds dear. He can afford the
luxury of occasionally living in the past. His surroundings
include photos, playbills, posters and newspaper clippings
from his days on the stage, a personal library (that he won't
risk in the Chantry's library) and other personal momentos.
His current apprentice, a young woman named Lisa
Yokahama, hasan adjoining apartment, andruns the counter
of the shop when Rudolfo's not there (she may be run as a

player character). Lisa's increasing involvement with Hype,
however, has him concerned.
Quote: Mastery of the elements is easy. The Siberian rope-

and-ladder trick — now that's difficule!

Branwyn Elspeth

The Leader of the Traditional Cabal
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Child
Essence: Pattern
Tradition: Order of Hermes
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 5, Appearance 4, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Cosmology 2, Culture 2,
Etiquette 3, Expression 2, Intuition 3, Leadership 3, Occult 2,
Subterfuge 4
Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Influence 3, Node 2, Talisman 4
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Mind 4, Time 3

Willpower: 8
Arete: 4
Quintessence: 5

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 37

DLW


Paradox: |

Background: Branwyn has lived a life of isolation and
meditation. Her father made sure she had everything she
ever wanted.... as long as she didn't want anything outside
of her father's estate. As an introspective and neglected
child, she invented elaborate fairy tales

‘o entertain herself.

She only had one other source of solace: her mother, who

taught her to sew and weave.

As Branwyn sat alone in her room, both her fairy tales
and handiwork became more elaborate. She told her teddy
bears stories of a magical world that once was, but would
never be again. Asshe stared into the warp and weave of the
cloth she created, she could almost see it. And as her Avatar
grew from senescence to sentience, she began to realize that
her visions were not just fantasy...

Branwyn has an old soul —she is the reincarnation of an
Order of Hermes magus from the 13th century. She has dreams
of her previous life, and the only way to hold on to her sanity
in the dark world of the 20th century is to try to recreate what
once was. In this respect, her life really is a fairy tale, with
herself as the central character. She's the lonely, beautiful
maiden everyone should pity, the tragic heroine no one can
rescue, and, first and foremost, a self-centered manipulative
little rich girl who is determined to always have her way.

Image: Branwyn has the sort of beauty that can only be
attained by endless vanity. Her looks are particularly plum for
her age, which is somewhere in her early 20s. Her pale skin is
atestimony to her isolation, not her innocence. Her azure eyes,
like crystalline pools of sparkling water, belie the depths of her
self-centered introspection, not her soulfullness. The luxuri-
ous blonde hair that cascades to her waist iscertainly stunning,
but it wouldn't be if she didn't spend at least two hours a day
combing it. She prefers to wear clothes that she has sewn
herself, for only she knows how to truly flatter her perfect

38 Hidden Lore

figure. When she does purchase the inferior work of others, she
chooses outfits with a medieval flavor.

Roleplaying Notes: Anyone who doesn't serve you is
working for the competition. Play up your status within the
Order of Hermes; afterall, that's the easiest way to get Rudolfo
on your side. Crusade against anything in the Chantry that is
sexist or that gets in the way of what your female Chantrymates
are doing; that's a quick way to get the other women on your
side. Flatterthe men around you, with aslight touch on the arm
ora wan smile— you have the charms required to play off the
insecurity of the boorish males around you. And, let us not
forget, your command of the Mind Sphere doesn't hurt either.

Quote: Why, how very clever of you! We're so lucky that
you're here to help us

Hyperion, aka "Hype"(Francis

Hyperion Keating)

Organizer of the Renegade Cabal
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Loner

Essence: Dynamic

Tradition: Akashic Brother

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Charisma 3,

Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics (Skateboarding) 4, Brawl
(Jeet Kun Do) 4, Do 2, Dodge 3, Investigation 3, Leadership 2,
Medicine 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 3

Spheres: Forces 2, Mind 2, Time 3

Willpower: 7

Arete: 4

Quintessence: 3


Background: At the age of 16, Hype starting running
from his problems, A high school drop-out from a broken
home, he took a job as a bicycle messenger in downtown San
Francisco to support himself. For the next three years, his life
was one big hustle. What began as a day job delivering
arted to
deliver packages freelance. He was well aware that some of the

documents became a dangerous night job as he

deliveries he made were illegal, but the money was too good to
pass up. As he surrounded himself more and more with the
seedy side of the drug culture, Hype developed his own
addictions: speed and danger, though notalways in that order
When he wasn't on a bike, he was on a skateboard or run-

ning... whatever it took to take his mind off his own pain.

The more he took on and the faster he went, the worse his
lifebecame. He never thought; he just kept moving. Even with
afatbankaccount, Hype found himself mired in seedy criminal
activities, deals gone bad and contacts burned.

Itonly took one person to turn his life around. One of the
contacts he was making runs for was a Cultist of Ecstasy with a

need for obscure herbs. "Fritz" was never in a hurry, and he had
an uncanny way of getting Hype to stop long enough for a cup
of tea or a five-minute break. Hype's potential was obvious, so
Fritz set him up with an unusual mentor. The Akashic Brother
whosethim on his way wassomething ofa visionary, and Hype's
power and his talent at Jeet Kun Do reflect his teacher's skill.
Now, two years later, Hype has developed the powers ofhis
body and mind. He still, however, has a taste for speed, an
attraction to danger and a bit of an attitude. He also has a low

tolerance for bullshit and deception, which means he'll gladly

get in someone's face if he disagrees with them. The passiv

attitude of the Traditional mages in the Chantry is slowly

gratingon him, and he's beginning to take on more than he can

handle again. Halfthe Chantry stands behind him in his efforts
ig

to"patrol the city," buthis motivational skillsdon'tmake up for

his lack of strategic thinking. In short, he's a half-assed leader.

When something dangerous happens, he can get people to
move, but getting them to move in the rightdirection isn't easy.

He'

great at uncovering problems, but terrible atsolving them.

Image: Hype radiates energy, especially when he's

standing still. Even in the most dangerous situations, he

stays in control, but his confidence comes from his unlim-
ited potential energy. He usually prefers to wear skanky

shorts and neon short-sleeve shirts, even in the coldest

weather, partly because it gives him an excuse to show off
the many scars that he's taken from "bad asphalt." He loves
tobe shocking, right down to his green hair and bad tattoos.

Roleplaying Notes: Everything works on an emotional
level. Once you're enthusiastic about something, nothing gets

in your way. Stay in motion — the energy within you is too
intense to allow you to sit still for long. Speak animatedly and

persuasively. Commit — nothing is worth doing halfway.

Quote: Yeah, well, while you were in here studying, I've found
something. You want to hear about it, or should I just take care
of it on my own?

Chantrymates

Since Rudolfo is reluctant to get directly involved in
airs of the Chantr
will take whatever leadership they can get. Most of them

many of the , the other practitioners

would be quite willing to help anyone new who seemed like
they were willing to change things, but for the present, the
best they can do is give information and advice.

Shawn Cornell

Master of Alternative Engineering
Faction: Renegade Cabal
Tradition: Son of Ether/ Nephandus-in-training
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Loner

Essence: Questing

Attributes
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 2

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 2,

Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Enigmas 2, Inves-
tigation 3, Linguistics (Arabic) 1, Melee 3, Occult 3,
Research (Non-Euclidean) 4, Science 3, Stealth (Traps) 4,
Survival 2, Technology (Sensors) 3

Backgrounds: Arcane 3, Avatar 3, Mentor 3, Node 2
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 2, Forces 2, Prime 2
Willpower: 6

Quintessence: 2

Paradox: 5

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 39


lIWZ@XS

Background: Asan undergraduate in electrical engineer-
ing, Shawn wasa very undisciplined student. Hisreal talent lay
outside the classroom. Using whatever scraps of electrical
equipment he could scrounge, he was a master of low-tech
gadgeteering, constructing Rube-Goldbergesque devices that
were more entertaining than practical. Since he wasn't able to
apply this skill in class, he employed it in his second favorite
hobby: practical jokes. Soon, he had earned the animosity of
the others in his dorm and even some of his teachers.

Slowly, his activities slowly became more deviant. Cir-
cumventing security in the administration building, climbing
campus buildings and even dabbling in minor pyrotechnics
became more interesting than the tame classroom approaches
to physics and mathematics. Breaking and entering became
easier once he found his way into the school's storm tunnels,
By the time he had met other masters of "urban spelunking,"
he had developed a certain mastery in his craft. If only he
hadn't stumbled into the wrong laboratory.

There were two mages in the University, each one look-
ing for a prospective student. The local Son of Ether was
reluctant to take on such a troublesome apprentice, but
Shawn's second instructor was delighted. Itis indeed fortunate
that the Scientist does not know about Shawn's extracurricu-
laractivities. Shawn has learneda few tricks fromaNephandus,
a barabbi of an Arabian society of mages known as the AhL-i-
Batin. Though he knows all the proper social protocols of the
Sons' society, he also has darker insights into more frightening
applications of Forces and Correspondence.

The choice between his two Paths torments Shawn; he
avoids making a decision by mucking around in the dark —
alone, more often than not. Whatever political obligations
Shawn holds to the Chantry pale in comparison to his
choice: he supports Hype because the Renegade Faction
values the data he gathers in the tunnels. Sooner than

Shawn would prefer, the choice between light and darkness
will be forced upon him by circumstance...

Image: Shawn literally dresses in the dark, so he doesn't
care about his appearance. When you crawl in tunnels under-
ground, it's hard to recognize bright green tennis shoes under
layers of muck or see if the stains on your blue jeans match
three-year-old T-shirts. The two constants in his appearance
are the bicycle lamp he wears mounted to his baseball cap and
the backpack he carries with the many electrical devices he
uses in his security systems and traps.

Roleplaying Hints: Soul-searching requires a great
deal of privacy. You're torn between two choices: will you
reject the whisperings of the night, or meet your obligations
as a brilliant scientist? Though the companionship of
others draws you out occasionally, you retreat when anyone
forces you to consider the future.

Quote: No, no, no, I'm sure it's around here somewhere.
I think I could find it more easily if I turned off this light.

40

Hidden Lore

Magnus

Master of Synthesis
Faction: Renegade Cabal
Tra
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Avant-Garde
Essence: Primordial
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Computer 3, Cosmology 3,
Dodge 1, Enigmas 2, Expression (Music) 4, Firearms 3,
Medicine 3, Occult 2, Technology (Synthesizers) 4

ion: Orphan

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Dream 2, Node 2, Talisman 3
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Spirit 3, Prime 2
Willpower: 7

Arete: 3

Quintessence: 3

Paradox: 4

Background: The cutting edge leads to frightening pos-
sibilities. As one of the programmers for a struggling industrial
band, Magnus (the artist formerly known as Donald Jefferson)
was always attracted to the dark side of techno. As part of his
effort to stay ahead of groups like the Electric Hellfire Cluband
Leather Strip, Magnus' music became increasingly bitter and
hostile. Samplings from old horror films, porno films and WW
IL documentaries resulted in a mix that was just too nasty to be
commercially acceptable.

His experimentation in music led him to an intense
Awakening during a late-night composition marathon. The
devil (his Avatar?) came to him then and promised him power
if he used that power to preach a dark message. Writing the


whole thing off as sleep deprivation, Magnus worked his Arts
unconsciously, using techno music and gear to focus his minor
(but growing) knowledge. His final commercial effort, a retro-
spective of the history of the Golden Dawn, brought him
revelation, opening a temporary gateway into another Realm.
As he attained the impossible and transcended the material,
he brought on the greatest Paradox backlash of his life.

What he saw scared the hell out ofhim, and he changed
the style of his music almost overnight. The code he created
forhis last project is hidden away behind layers of computer
security. He has desperately tried to take a more New Age
approach in his work, mainly because he's terrified of
"summoning up that which he cannot put down." Though
the others know of his skill, they don't know that he has
discovered the code for a gateway to Malfeas, one of the
deepest levels of the underworld.

Image: Every day isa performance. Magnus has shaved his
head, and has an affinity for jumpsuits and flowing robes.
Confidentially, it's a good thing he doesn't get out more with
his taste in so-called "fashion." He's got a wide assortment of
sunglasses, but he prefers to wear a virtual "viewmaster"-type
terminal when he's working. The electrical wiring he has set
up under the stage now acts as a focus for his mastery of the
Spirit Sphere. Branwyn carries on abitter rivalry with Magnus,
but Miriam, the Chantry's Dreamspeaker, finds his work
intriguing. Magnus finds her interruptions to be annoying.

Roleplaying Notes: You know firsthand how dangerous
technology is, which makes you even more defensive when
Traditional mages criticize your work. Though you're still too
cool for words around others, in private you pray for forgiveness
for the things you did and the lies you once told. Every once in
awhile, you hold arguments between your inner devil and your
"reborn" self. Although traditional religion is not your way,
you seek repentance and an inner peace before it's too late.

Quote: If no one else will tell you, I will. The old ways are
dead. If you do not adapt to the future, you will die.

Miriam Dunsany
Theatrical Wonder
Faction: Traditional Cabal

Tradition: Dreamspeaker

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Primordial

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,

Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl (Tai Chi) 1, Culture 3, Dodge 2,
Etiquette 3, Expression (Acting) 4, Intuition 3, Medicine 3,
Meditation 4, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Dream 3, Node 2
Spheres: Life 3, Mind 2, Prime 2, Spirit 3
Willpower: 5

Quintessence: 6
Paradox: 2

Background: The life of a struggling artist is never
easy. Miriam began her career as a performance artist in the
‘60s, and she never grew up. Floating from one financially
unstable theater troupe to another, she has been a part of
everything from grassroots rock bands and protest concerts
to Renaissance fairs and tribal ceremonies.

Miriam is the peacemaker and the keeper of ceremonies.
Although she wants to use more of them to bring the Chantry
together, the Renegades find them somewhat ludicrous. To
she has taken an interest in the practices of the
and has even offered to incorporate her danc-
ing into one of Magnus' performances. She's very attracted to
him, despite the fact that she's 20 years older.

counteract thi
Technomage

Image: Very personable. She inherently trusts just
about anyone, and has a knack for seeing the good qualities
in people. Her clothes usually have a world-beat aspect, and
she is quite fond of combining her blue jeans and
Birkenstocks with fashion ideas from Third World coun-
tries. Her hair has slowly turned gray, but her smile is as
vivid as it was 30 years ago.

RoleplayingHints: Why wearalong face? Most people,
you know, can't seem to appreciate the miracle of being
alive. You do, however, and each day you thank the spirits
and the gods for your existence. Honor all things — even
darkness has its place. Not to say you're a sap — hell, no!
You've just seen enough people try, and fail, to solve their
problems with bloodshed.

Quote: Stop it! Stop fighting, all of you! Can't you see we're all
on the same side? Here, let's form a circle

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 4)


Morgan Celeste
Faction: Traditionalist
Tradition: Orphan
Nature:
Demeanor: Martyr

Donformist

Essence: Primordial

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Charisma 3,

Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Enigmas 3, Fire-
arms 3, Medicine 3, Streetwise (Information) 4, Survival 3
Avatar 4, Dream 3
: Mind 1, Prime 1, Spirit 1

Background:
Sphere:
Willpower: 5
Arete: |
Quintessence: 4
Paradox: 2

Background: Poverty has stalked Morgan all her life.
When she dropped out of college at the age of 19, she had
trouble holding down a minimum-wage job without getting
bored out of her mind. Instead, she preferred to spend time
with the people in her community. Volunteering at acommu-

Hidden Lore

nity shelter was just what she needed. Her usual approach is to
get involved in projects when they're
they're working, she moves on. Her latest involvements con-
cern a mission a few blocks away from the Pike's Place Market
and a Food Not Bombs group that feeds the homeless nearby.

tarting out, but once

Morgan hasbarely Awakened, and the dreams (Seekings)
tern angel
with black and empty eyes, loses patience with her. The

she has get worse as her Avatar, which appears

mission where she works is very religious, but Morgan has
never believed in God. Although she's beginning to witness
"miracles" around her, she isn'tsure whoto tell. Herdreamsare
filled with Christian imagery, but she doesn't feel comfortable
turing to the other people at the mission.

Branwyn was able to anticipate Morgan's Awakening,
and she has volunteered to be responsible for her until the
Chorus can be contacted. There's one more complication,
though: Morgan has started to fall in love with Branwyn, and
she can't think of a way to tell her. This only adds to her
confusion. Although she cares a great deal about the people
around her, Morgan is scared by the lack of easy answers in her
new life. She's especially concerned with how the activities in
Seattle will affect Sleepers. Everything is terribly new and
frightening to her, and learning about a extradimensional
theater underground naturally hasn't helped.

Image: A quiet girl barely out of her teens, Morgan is
soft-spoken but bears a winning smile and a compassionate

ye. Her self-esteem is somewhat lacking, but her vulner-
ability is exceedingly charming. Worrying is a constant
condition with Morgan. She's somewhat overweight, her
hair is always disheveled, and she frets constantly.

Roleplaying Hints: Your voice is soft and hesitant, and
you don't always speak up when you should. You adore
Branwyn's sense of style and beauty, and you wish you had half
her confidence and looks, which only increases your lack of
self-esteem. You go out of your way to be polite to everyone,
and you're ready to help anyone in trouble. As you're trying to
find your niche as a mage, this new world frightens you, and
you're anxious about every move you make. :

Quote: No, Idon't think that's aterribly wise thing for you
to do. I think if a group of nine-foot — what do you call them,
Garou? — went running through downtown, the people there
wouldn't take it terribly well.


Adventures

I don't question our existence
I just question our modern needs
— Pearl Jam (of course), "Garden"

Notable Groups in Seattle

© Benning Aircraft
Benning, the primary employer in the Se-
y attle area, carries a lot of clout. It's also almost
invisible in its home city. Some say that ifa law
dies in the Washington legislature, the logging industry didn't
like it, but if the law disappears entirely, Benning didn't like it.

The Technocracy doesn't need to control Benning: the
Sleepers who work there are already thoroughly conditioned
in the principles of corporate oppression. While the corpora~
tion demands loyalty and trust from its employees, they're also
notorious for dumping considerable numbers of them back
into the job market during difficult times. Workers get the
frustration of being told of their "empowerment" at the same
time their hands are tied by bureaucracy. After years of subtle
conditioning, a corporation cast-off has usually sold his inde-
pendence fora stack of paychecks and the knowledge that he's
worked for the "good of the company." The result isadupe who
goes swimming back into the ocean of Sleepers.

The opportunity for infiltration, however, is too good to
completely ignore. The Technocracy has set aside a Construct
within the corporation. The Syndicate has liberated funding
for the "Benning Air and Space Research Center." This base
of operations is about 10 minutes' drive from the Sea-Tac
airport. The buildinghasa respectable front, including (thanks
tothe PR Department) a museum of avionics for tourists. Back
in the "restricted" areas, the Void Engineers have a major
headquarters. Other autonomous "project teams" within
Benning include a security team controlled by Iteration X that
manages to put in "overtime" off-site and a Quality Manage-
ment team run by a Gray Suit of the New World Order named
Cyril Gosstocks. The three teams despise each other, but
thanks to "creative" financing, they have the resources they
need to carry out missions "for the good of the company."

© Macrosoft's Virtual Adepts

Macrosoft's headquarters is in the Seattle area; while
it's just as powerful and monolithic as Benning, the com-
pany handles its world domination with a bit more flair and
a lot less crushing of the human spirit. The 12 Virtual
Adepts within the establishment are able to sustain sizable
paychecks while treasuring their access to valuable equip-
ment. Their hidden clashes with Benning, however, could
erupt into a major economic war in a very short time. The
constant bickering between Macrosoft and Apple Comput-
ets is a ruse to keep the Technocracy off-guard. The two

companies both coverasecret society of Cybernauts whodo
most of their work on the Digital Web.

© The Cult of Quadigsi

"Quadigsi" is a bit of Native American folklore, an
entity variously described as a giant snake, a giant octopus
or a huge humanoid creature — possibly as tall as a sky-
scraper — with aspects of both of these creatures. Supposedly,
it lives in Puget Sound, where it occasionally rises to have
a quick meal before gong back into the deep. There is, of
course, no hard evidence for the existence of such a crea-
ture. Most scholars believe it to be pure myth, or possibly
exaggerated tales of whales who wandered into the Sound.

However, there are those who believe otherwise — a
small but steadily growing underground cult believ
Quadigsi not only exists, but is the physical manifestation
of an otherworldly horror with vast supernatural powers.
Led by a charismatic Infernalist sorcerer, the unholy union
meets and performs its nefarious rites in a variety of make-
shift temples throughout the city, going randomly from site
to site to confound anyone who might be observing.

© Liquid Haze

Hollow Ones come and go, but the Haze never fades.
This slice of heaven is a candlelit coffe
from early in the morning to late at night. Refills of drip
coffee are a quarter, and the people working there can mix

shop that's open

exotic coffees like a bartender mixes drinks (faster than you
can say "double-tall half-caff non-fat vanilla latte"). The
mix of music is better than what you'll find on the local
radio stations. Steady customers include a group of Hollow
Ones who usually surround themselves with their Sleeper
friends. The latest addition to their clique is Heather Cross,
an Euthanatos with a bitter grudge against Rudolfo: because
of her Tradition, he won't let her near the Theater. The
Haze is a great pla
of the alternative communities of S

© The Call of the Wyld

Most Americans don't think of their country as having
rainforests, but the Pacific Northwest is one of four such areas
in the world. Although the deforestation isn't as massive as the
destruction in the Amaz
logging industry carefully. Werewolves and their allies con-

to find out what's happening in some

n, environmental activists watch the

stantly fight developers, logging consortiums and tourism
companies who encroach on the small areas of unspoiled
wilderness left. Most of these Garou are pretty extreme in their
hostility toward mankind — they see the Pacific Northwest as
their last frontier, and if it should fall, they might as well zoll
over and wait for the end.

The tales of the Sasquatch (i.e.
as one would expect, actually accounts of encounters with
Garou that have been garbled by the strange effects of the

"Bigfoot") in thisareaare,

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 43


Delirium. The Garou are revered by the N

ative Americans in
this

area as "mountain spirits," and a tribe of Children of Gaia
had openly mingled with them until the mid-1800s. However,
with the popular collection of "Bigfoot" stories in the 20th
century, spirits matching the Bigfoot model h;
manifest, Whether this is a manifestation of cor
oranew tyr

ave begun to
nsensual reality
Pe of spirit in the Umbra remains to be seen — the
spirits rarely hang around.

* The Kindred

Just as the relations between the G:
dred are fairly amiable in nearby V:
Wars of the early ‘90s that raged
forced the Camarill

arou and the Kin-
ancouver, the Anarch
across the West Coast have

fa to focus on repopulation instead of
interfering with the activities of the Garou. As the city's

vampires assemble under the watchful eyes of Petrodon, the
local Nosferatu Justicar, an increasing number of bloodlines
have joined their ranks. The Ravnos in particular are
gathering in the city in force,
assisting them. The city's prirr
find out why... and the Rav Nos, of course, aren't telling

* Magicians of the Bay

Inthenearby city ofRenton,
has occurred. A company
the Bay"

and their Gypsy associates are
nogen members are anxious to

another suspicious gathering
curiously named "The Magicians of
"has found their way to unexpected success. Once a
small devoted group of gamers working in a basement, they

44 Hidden Lore

made a miraculous discovery: the invention of
called Magick: The Apocrypha. Devised by an occult researcher
and theologian from nearby Walla Walla, the game has be-
Come an unprecedented success. Magicians of the Bay (or
"MotB," as its affectionately called) has since developed ties to
the Black Dog Game Factory, which draws attention to them
from the occasional investigator. They'y
a large corporation, which leads s
from the Syndicate. The gi
collaboration, and as for i

a card game

also blossomed into
ome to suspect an influence
ame, however, suggests a Tradition
ts popularity, well.... As part of its
rapid growth, it's accumulated a number of employees with
mysteriousand unusual backgrounds,

MotBcontinuestospread
across the world

d, and the curious speculate on wh:

Story Ideas

* The Road to Hell: Shawn Cornell has disappeared
during one of his expeditions. In the lobby of the

he's posted anote st

at will result

theater,
ating that he's worried th:

athe may have
found an opening toa level

of the underworld. Magnus can
open a gateway to go after him, if the ch:

he doesn't know of Shawn's motivations. Shawn has been
offered knowledge if he can lead a few unwitting victims
into the labyrinth of his Nephandus master. After that, the
plan is completely in the hands of the Ahl-i-Batin barabbi
Will the players discover Shawn's treachery?

aracters choose, but

* Children of the Light: One of the characters, while
visiting a bookstore in Pioneer Square, uncovers a valuable
tome. Under the glass of one of the counters is a book on the
legend of Quadigsi. The book is "on hold" for another
customer, but the owner won't begrudge the mage achance
tolook at it. Tales of horror are interspersed with dark demi-
Hermetic rites. Just as the mage has a chance to finish
looking at the book, another customer arrives and pur-
chases it. The mage and the purchaser exchange a brief
glance. How far will the characters go to find out more
about the Cult of Quadigsi?

* Cat with a :-) : Cheshire (the sample character from
the Mage rulebook) has some startling news for the charac-
ters' cabal. He appears on a television set in front of one of
the mages, and reveals that he's found out about a recent
Technocracy raid on the Theater! All of the performers are
missing, and only Cheshire has clues as to their where-
abouts. Have any of them fallen into the clutches of the
NWO, or are they merely hiding somewhere else? How
much damage control can the characters do? The grinning
Cat's in a position to bargain now....

¢ Errant Child: Morgan is extremely concerned about
amember of her "flock." A 12-year-old girl who lives on the
streets of downtown Seattle is starting to run packages for
aminor drug syndicate downtown. She doesn't want to take
on this problem alone, so Hype has offer to help the
igate. Unfortunately, Hype botches his
part of the investigation; he'll owe the characters big-time
if they can save his ass... and his reputation.

* Deadly Politics: Branwyn has gone a little too far. She's
gained a brief alliance with Shawn by offering to help him in

characters inve:

his efforts. By manipulating a few threads of her loom, she can
predict afew permutations of the maze of tunnels overthenext
few days. The fact that she's showing great sympathy towards
him — and meeting with him in the maze after hours — is
working to heradvantage. The characters stumble upon one of
her "amorous" encounters. What will they do with the knowl-
edge? Does Branwyn want to break Shawn's heart, or is there
the possibility of another outcome?

Rave Against the Dying of the Light: A group of
changelings have arrived from San Francisco. They've set
up a Renaissance fair outside of town, and Branwyn is
delighted to attend. She invites the characters to accom-
pany her as her "escorts," which is just as well, since the
local Marauders were also planning on being there! The
festivities quickly get out of hand. The characters discover
that the Marauders want to use this Glamourous event as
chance to summon a mythic beastie. Can the charactérs
stop them without revealing what's really going on to the
Sleepers?

* Jealousy Kills: Rudolfo has always been an even-
tempered man, but when he finds out about the budding
romance between Lisa Yokahama, his Hermetic appren-
tice, and Hyperion, the Renegade, he becomes furious. He's
very protective of his charge, and he forbids to let Hyperion
continue to see her unless he can "prove his worth." He
challenges him toa certamen duel. Is Rudolfo really as good
as he used to be? Is Hyperion in danger? The anger boils to
a fever pitch as Branwyn makes an overt display of support-
ing the Chantry leader as she maneuvers to eliminate her
rivals. When rivalries go this deep, sometimes it takes
someone objective to solve the problem...

Chapter Two: Shadows in the Rain 45



Chapter Three:

oryteller
Goodies

Dr. Romain Guy seldom took his work
home, but tonight he sat in his makeshift base-
ment laboratory puzzling over the datahis research
director had given him for the weekend.

The soft thud of tennis shoes on carpeted
stairs tore his attention away from the computer
screen. Romain looked up in annoyance
"Collette, how many times do I have to tell
you..." He stopped when he saw his small daugh-

ter standing there, a mass of blood-covered fur in her arms, tears
running down her cheeks

"Papa, someone hit Bianca, .." Collette dissolved into sobs

when Romain came over and took the cat from her.

"Go outside and play," he said softly, running a hand
through her blonde curls. "Go on."

Wordlessly, she obeyed. Romain took the dying cat, placed
her on his work bench and thought a moment. He despised the

infrequent meetings between his work and his personal life, but
in Collette's world, Bianca was far more important than

nome-mapping reality deviants. He pulled out a pair of rubber

gloves, picked up a scalpel and went to work

The following tools may be considered Storyteller
secrets. Although the final truth behind your chronicle
depends on each invididual troupe, the magicks and agen

das given in this chapter might ruin some of the mystery
behind Mage's scenes. If nothing e

e, this data should not
be common knowledge, especially among young mages
Obviously, players will buy and read this supplement
Storytellers, then, may wish to modify, alter or ignore the
details of this chapter — or at least lead their players to
believe that they have... Ultimately, as always, the best
secrets in your chronicle are the ones you make yourself

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies


NO Ail

Storyteller Magicks

Ba Let me call you sweetheart,
Then crush it in your chest and dine
— Splinters, "Be My Halloween"
Tradition mages got their goodies in
Chapter One. The following rotes, Effects
and procedures give you some idea of the
magick their rivals practice, and may be used
for quick reference when you need a spell to
throw at your players' characters. The Tech-
nocracy: sourcebooks and The Book of Madness have
other useful magicks and sample characters.

Corrupter Magick

Truth does not do as much good in the world as the
semblance of truth does evil.

— La Rochefoucauld, Maxims 64 (1665)

Willworkers in Mage chronicles face many antagonists
who represent different kinds of corruption. Technomancers
are consumed with pride, power and their misguided desire
to protect Sleepers from mythic reality. Rival Tradition
mages sometimes show intolerance or even insanity, the
corruption of self-righteousness. Marauders represent the

corruption of the mind itself, and of unrestrained magickal
power.

The Nephandi, however, illustrate the clearest ex-
amples of corruption. Drawn into evil by Paths of pride,
despair, cruelty, obsession and — above all — doubt, the
Fallen Ones embody the most dangerous corruption, that of
the spirit. This peril works subtly, playing on the desires and
guilt felt by every human being, whether Sleeper or Awak-
ened. Each of us is vulnerable to the call of the Corrupt
Ones.

Nephandus mages, though they ustally command only
minor magick, compensate with ruthless cunning. They
nt tremendous threats to inexperienced Tradition
ages, who are often burdened with moral conflicts over
proper use of their magick, and to powerful wizards, whose
pride rises with their abilities. Moral conflict is the Fallen
One's ecological niche: a young Akashic Brother who
wants a charming Cultist of Ecstacy to join her cabal; a
Chorus mage intent on converting "pagans"; a Euthanatos,
threatened by Syndicate blackmail, who feels her only
chance to protect her cabal lies in a pact with dark forces —
all these are the puppets that a Nephandus dances on her
strings.

Most Nephandi invert common magickal styles to
work their Arts, or focus them through symbols and acts
that most people (including themselves) consider black
magic — brutal sacrifices, prayers to dark gods, induced
insanity, torture, desecration, slavery, possession, etc. Barabbi

48 Hidden Lore

often pervert the style they once used, or expand it toa
darker extreme (using a computer to spread viruses, for
example, or going from peyote to crack). Destructive ele-
ments — especially fire, ice and polluted water — are
common foci, as are bodily fluids, sewage, trash or even
radiation. Although most Labrynths share common rituals,
most Nephandi prefer the personal approach to magick
styles.

Mindscreen (* Mind)

Among the first Effects a Nephandus mage learns, this
simple rote disguises her perfidious thoughts from prying
Mind Effects. She cannot, however, pass for a Sleeper; this
requires more advanced Mind magick that induces miscon-
ceptions in the snooping mage's mind.

[The Nephandus makes an Effect roll to resist the
unwanted Mind Effect. Each success he rolls subtracts one
success from his opponent. If the Nephandus scores more
successes than his rival, he may control the impression the
opponent receives. This is coincidental magick.]

What Did You Say? (¢ * Correspondence, * Mind)

The Nephandi work their corruption one mage at a
time. A Fallen One choosesa victim and works on him with
spider-like patience, first inducing anxiety and vulnerabil-
ity, then separating him from friends, and finally attacking
or seducing him. This rote figures early in the fateful
process.

Nephandi can make their targets mishear the most
ordinary conversation aguely ominous, insulting or
meaningless. For example, "Have another drink, will you?"
becomes "Having too much to drink, are you?" Overa long
period (sometimes over the course of one dinner party), this

encourages alienation, nervousness and suspicion in the
prey. The rote works best when the mage is eavesdropping
on a (distorted) conversation that he cannot join without
breaching etiquette.

[The number of successes on the
or exceed the vi

Effect roll must match
tim's Perception rating. A botch means
the would-be victim becomes aware of the manipulation. A
simple Mind 2 variation can affect anyone in the mystick's
close proxcimity.]

Buzz (¢* Prime)

Having persuaded his target that he's a Sleeper, a
corrupter may enchant her (figuratively speaking) with
charming conversation, subtle praise, soulful looks and
other signals of attraction. He also covertly increases the
flow of Quintessence through the target's Life Pattern,
giving her a mild, barely noticeable pleasure. "Around him,
things just seem more real," a victim may arly in their
acquaintance.


"ar

-

a

Mages of different Traditions have different reactions
to this Effect. A Cultist of Ecstacy recognizes it asonce and
dismisses it as small potatoes, whereas a naive Akashic
Brother might mistake it for a sign on the way to enlighten-
ment.

[This Effect works as the Prime 2 magick Rubbing of
the Bones, but it stimulates instead of pains. Only one
success is necessary. The target's small injuries may heal
more quickly, or the Storyteller may reduce the difficulty of
some magick rolls. The target is not usually aware of the
Effect unless the roll is botched. The Storyteller may grant
the target a Perception + Awareness roll to detect the
Quintessence increase, although this does not identify the
Effect's source. If she becomes aware of the Effect, she can
spend a point of stored Quintessence to smooth the flow
and cancel the Effect.]

Frame Up (#¢* Matter, *

Mind)
Cunning, misdirection, connivance: these are the tool:
of the Nephandi. This Effect fabricates a convincing illu-

sion that leaves real aftereffects, such as broken furniture or
lipstick on a cheek. With Life 3 instead of Matteg 3, the
illusion can include such consequences as a burning cheek
from a slap, minor aches, symptoms of pregnancy, etc.
Nephandi use this to create incriminating sights among
a victim's friends and acquaintances in order to alienate
them. They might see the victim make a clumsy seduction
al" false secrets about

attempt, scream imprecations or "re
himself.

[Viewers may resist the illusion with Willpower or
countermagick if they have some reason to doubt it. If the
illusion is skillful, however, they remain unaware of the
Effect. The number of successes determines the complexity
and realism of the illusion: three or more successes indicates
a convincing sight.

[Variations of this rote are common. Prime 2 may be
added to create items that did not already exist, while
Forces 2/ Correspondence 2 can alter videotape images (see
the Point-to-Point Narrow-Band Transmission rote in
Chapter One). With a lot of time, patience, Matter 2 and
a few dots in Technology, the Fallen One can create brand-
new videotapes of damning but fictional events — a theft,
vandalism, murder, etc.]

Life, ¢¢ Spirit)

This Effect scars the target. The method of creating the

scar varies with each Nephandus, but the s

Loving Scar (*

‘ar is most
effective when applied in the most intimate circumstances
with the willing cooperation of the victim. Depending on
the means, this magick may well be coincidental. The scar
does no damage, but it cannot be healed except with Life 4
magick.

After the scarring, the victim attracts minor Umbrood
spirits that spy on or torment him. The spirits do no damage
— no lasting damage, at any rate — but they create
nuisances, reveal the victim's secrets and alienate him from
his companions. Suppose that a Son of Ether, scarred by this
Effect, attracts an Epiphling, this one a minor embodiment
of Truth; suppose further that the Umbrood announces the

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies 49


DP SNCAaH ALAS
UIST

most guarded passwords of the Et
tual Adeptduringa tense confrontation with Men in Black.
The Adept and her companions, if they're aware of the scar

atall, will strongly suggest that the Etherite victim go offon
@ private retreat until the scar heals.

herite's companion Vir-

[The number of successes on the Effect toll determines
how long the Effect lasts. Most casters try to make it
permanant. The scar attracts spirits of low (Minion) power,
such as Gafflings.]

Blindside (*¢** Correspondence, ¢¢ Matter)

After a Fallen One isolates and terrorizes her victim,
she strikes from surprise. This rote lets the Nephandus
attack a target physically from a completely unexpected
direction — by reaching through the drain of a bathroom
sink (or, worse, the toilet bowl); sending gas attacks through
a telephone handset; or, for theatrical effect, flooding a
Phone booth while the target makes a call. The damage
itselfis minor for the magick required. The Cormipted One
desires instead to make the target wary, jumpy and prone to
error.

[The attack requires at least two successes, and inflicts
one Health Level of normal damage foreach success beyond
the second. At the Storyteller's discretion,
receive a Perception + Awareness

(difficulty 8).]

, the target may
roll ro detect the attack
e

tepellent and frightening

50 Hidden Lore

Exalted Desire (06 Life, e« Mind, ¢¢ Prime)
This subtle Effect gives its target an unusual high while
experiencing some favored pleasure. Over time, itcan make
any pleasant behavior addictive. The Nephandi use it to
increase their prey's vulnerabilit
of Ecstacy Ci
recitation.

y to temptation. The roster
ultists corrupted by this rote ma

a long, sad

[Only one success is necessary to create the Effect —
thus its insidiousness. The victim may roll Intelligence +
Awareness or spend a point of Willpower to resist, but
usually does not wish to. Successes
peated use. When the cumulatiy
victim's Willpower rating,

accumulate with re-
Successes exceed the
she can be considered addicted
to the pleasure, and must roll Intelligence + Awareness or
spend Willpower to avoid succumbing whenever the op-
Portunity presents itself. Getting free of the addiction
requires diligent effort, and can become the subject of a
story or even an entire chronicle.]

Mad Magick

It's worse than wicked, my dear, it's vulgar.

— Punch Almanac (1876)

Whereas the Nephandi embody
tion, Marauders represent the other na

a seductive corrup-
trative extreme: the
‘corruption of unres


of dynamism unchecked —"There but for the grace of God
go I," as it were. Tradition mages may envy the Mad Ones'
immunity to Paradox effects, but most fear the Wyld mad-
ness and its disconnection to others' reality.

Marauders do not learn their magick by rote; each one
creates different Effects. Tradition mages simply affix names
retroactively to Effects they see cast by individual Maraud-
ets. Episodes of Chaos Mage activity are typically brief and
crazed, and exact observations are difficult. The spectacu-
larly vulgar nature of chaos magick, however, offsets this
problem somewhat.

Mad magick styles are unique; each Marauder casts his
Arts through means as individual as his madness. Some use
elaborate rites, while others play games, invent poetry or
seem to shrug mystick muscles and have things simply
happen. The following Effects are only some notable ex-
amples of the crafts of insanity.

That Rascal Puff (¢*® Life, *** Forces, ¢* Prime)

The Virtual Master Dante likes to tell stories of a
solitary Marauder he encountered while infiltrating the
Syndicate data compiling firm AlphaFax. According to the
Adept, "that rascal Puff' stepped from nowhere during
Dante's late-night unauthorized tour of the facilities. Going
from room to room, the Maruader turned the machines in
each office on with a simple gesture while Dante watched
from hiding. Once all the computers were on and network-
linked, the Mad One (who Dante describes as having scaly
gray skin and sharp teeth and claws) breathed a sudden fire
cloud on one terminal, causing every computer on the
network to explode. The sudden blast expanded into a
Paradox backlash which demolished everything in the
Marauder's room. When the smoke cleared, Dante was
alone. "Whether the bastard survived that or not," Dante
says, "I don't know, but I'm betting he did."

[It's very likely that the Marauder had both Computer
Knowledge and the passwords for the network. To link all
the computers without such knowledge would demand an
extended Wits + Computer roll (difficulty 7-10, depending
on the system's complexity) or Correspondence 2 anda few
dots in Computer (see "Hacking," Mage Second Edition,
pp- 244-245). Once the system is linked, the Forces/ Prime
blast sends a shock throughout the link, damaging any
computer tied to the system.

[Life magick allows the Marauder to breathe fire; a
mage could try the disruption Effect without doing so, and
could, of course, breathe fire without destroying an office
network. This Effect inflicts typical Forces damage.]

Babel (¢*¢* Mind)

Anunmentioned episode in the history of the Lodge of
the Gray Squirrel (see The Book of Chantries) concerns a
mage named Mary Tomesha, an Orphan of Mohave
(Mojave) and Anglo descent.

In 1960, the Chantry recruited Tomesha from the
Colorado River Reservation in Arizona. Though she took
to her studies well, Tomesha seemed withdrawn and home-
sick. No one knows when she slipped into Quiet, but one
day three years later, every member of the lodge impercep-
tibly began speaking the Mohave language, Yuman. They
understood one another perfectly; no one realized the
change until they emerged from the Horizon Realm and
found outsiders unintelligible. Investigating, they found
that Mary Tomesha believed she had returned home. If she
had developed greater skill in the Sphere of Matter, she
would have transformed the Lodge into a copy of the
reservation.

Chantry leader Tom Smithson ("Laughing Eagle")
confined Tomesha in a pastoral region of the Horizon
Realm. Some years later, Tomesha vanished, and her where-
abouts are unknown.

[The number of successes determines the duration and
scope of the Effect — in most cases, one person per success.
In the absence of obvious evidence, those affected by the
rote receive a Wits + Awareness roll (difficulty 8) to realize
that they are speaking a different language.)

Back to the Earth (* Matter, **¢ Life, *¢
Prime)

Former Greenpeace member, monkey-wrencher and
eco-watrior, Verbena mage Carl Matthew Landless snapped
during an anti-logging protest in the Pacific Northwest. His
first few Effects, all explosions, sent Sleeper witnesses
running. Only a coven of Verbena (Landless' erstwhile
companions), saw Landless convert several bulldozers into
tree sculptures. "They looked like topiary shrubs," Heasha
Morningshade said later. "They were beautiful, until Para-
dox spirits moved in and consumed them." Landless escaped
while the coven fought the spirits, and his current where-
abouts are unknown.

[The number of successes governs how much inorganic
material can be converted to living wood. A bulldozer
requires four successes.]

Temple Pillars (¢ Forces, ** * Matter, ¢* Prime)

Early July, 1994: Mercenary forces fighting in the
disputed Aozou Strip between Libya and Chad were shocked
when the desert shook and pillars of stone rose slowly from
the sand. Four lines of sandstone columns, as big as the
ruined pillars of Luxor in Egypt, marked off the battlefield.
Gunfire could not damage them. When the columns had
grown to 30 feet tall, a grinning Persian magus (later
identified as an old Batini who had gone mad during their
war with the Technocracy) appeared atop each one; gunfire
could not damage him either.

Lightning crackled around the mystick as he shouted,
"What a barbaric waste! Is this any kind of occupation for
civilized people? Throw down your weapons, and walk with
me into a better life!" The mercenaries, who were not

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies 51

ID.

ZN


Y

stupid, reluctantly threw down their weapons and followed
the Marauder. Using Correspondence magick, he led them
across a hundred yards of desert into Ethiopia's desolate
coastal province of Eritrea, 1100 miles to the southeast.

In a village emptied by famine some years before, the
mad Batini halted the men and gestured broadly at the
empty huts. "Rebuild these humble shacks. Let a new city
of peace spring up in this war-torn province." The men
asked where they would get supplies, food and citizens.
With an air of annoyance, the Mad One said, "Right, right,
I'll take care of that, just a moment." He vanished, but
something evidently distracted him, for he never returned.
Many of the mercenaries died of thirst before they reached
an inhabited town, and the Ethiopian government impris-
oned the rest as illegal aliens.

[The Effect raises a structure, creating it from ground
material as it rises. Matter reshapes the ambient material,
Prime fixes the new Pattern, and Forces raises the reshaped
structure telekinetically.

[Three successes are required on an extended roll to
raise a structure the size of a small house. Each additional
success adds 500 square feet to its size. Ordinarily the Effect
requires one day, but the mage can spend two additional
successes to reduce the time to one scene, or four extra
successes to reduce it to one turn.

[The Correspondence 4 Effect Polyappearance pro-
duces the duplicates of the mage.]

Temple Gongs (¢¢*¢ Forces, *
Mind, *¢¢ Life, ¢* Prime)

July 27, 1992: At the Kamakura beach resort south of
Yokohama, Japan, Arlan "The Smiler" Nattick walked
through a medieval Zen Buddhist temple, a popular tourist
site. As he passed the temple gongs, they rang loudly.
Tourists who heard the ringing threw away their video
cameras, fell to their knees and began droning a Buddhist
chant, the Vatthupama-sutta or "Parable of the Piece of
Cloth." While they chanted, their clothing changed to the
bright orange robes of Buddhist monks and their hair fell
out.

The new monks walked in a line through Kamakura,
with Nattick following at a distance, and begged from
passersby, who freely handed over their money, watches,
jewelry and clothing. At this point a cabal of Akashic
Brothers showed up and demanded an explanation from
Nattick, who replied, "I just wondered if Buddhism really
worked." Before the Akashics could determine what Nattick
meant, or whether his Effect had satisfied his curiosity, a
host of Paradox spirits showed up. In the resulting confu-
sion, Nattick casually departed.

© Matter, eee

[The Forces Sphere creates the gong sounds, Matter
and Life physically transform the people, and Mind brain-
washes them. Each three successes changes two people;
extended rolls convert a crowd. Prime 2 is needed to make
the transformation last beyond the Effect's usual duration.]

52 Hidden Lore

Nuzzlings ( © Prime, © ** Matter, ¢*¢ Spirit)
Edith Nussbaum, asolitary and disgruntled postal worker
in Overland Park, Kansas, went mad within nine seconds of
Awakening. She left the Postal Service without killing
anyone — that day, anyway — and retreated to her lonely
studio apartment, where over three sleepless months she
developed a twisted but profound magickal skill.

Having befriended a multitude of Umbrood, Nussbaum
headed to the post office. As she walked, she left a wake of
animated objects: smiling street lamps, affectionate mail-
boxes, fireplugs that sang, "Let me be your friend," and
sidewalks that extruded caressing hands. At the post office
Nussbaum stared at the concrete floor, and tentacles erupted
and grasped her former supervisors. The tendrils sucked the
life energy from their victims, then rushed to hug the
Marauder. She greeted them lovingly, and in the joy of the
moment they absentmindedly sucked the life from her too.

[The Effect creates a zone of Spirit-animated objects
centered on the mage. The number of successes rolled
determines how wide the zone is. One success means arm's
length; three, a few yards; and five, a city block. Objects in
the zone drain Quintessence as the Prime 5 Effect Alter
Flow.

{The spirit manifestations are guided by the (often
subconscious) desires of the Marauder. They rarely last
more than a scene.]}

Technocracy Procedures

Mathematics takes us still further from what is human, into
the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual
world, but every possible world, must conform.

— Bertrand Russell, The Study of Mathematics

The Technocratic Union frowns upon needless magick
use; nevertheless, they are mages in their own right, evn if
their Arts work within a somewhat static paradigm. Tech-
nocracy magick always requires a focus, and creating an
Effect typically takes more time than a Tradition mage
needs. Many Technomancer Effects, however, are often
coincidental, which gives them an edge in survivability if
not spontenaity. (See Mage Second Edition: "Foci," pp.
181-184; "Magickal Geography and Influence," pp. 184-
186; and "Technomagick," pg. 68 for details.)

Sustenance Pill ( Life, ¢* Prime)

Decades ago, Progenitor Pharmacopeists developed a
pill to assist the Void Engineers in their space travels. The
capsule frees the mage from the need for food, sleep and
(over long usage) elimination. The Sons of Ether and
Virtual Adepts like these pills, popularly known as "ever-
greens," but most other Traditions disdain them.

[The number of successes rolled determines how many
days the mage may go without food orsleep. A botch inflicts
one Health Level of damage, which can disable or kill a
target who's already injured.]


Remote Piloting Override (*
Matter)
tei

Forces, ¢* Prime, ®

tion X Time-Motion Managers are testing an
experimental hand-held console that senses and interferes
with the components in a
(Sleeper-made) motor vehic
dials, the Technomancer can remotely take over the ve-

electronic mundane

By twi

ting the censole's

hicle, guiding it or stopping it as he wishes. ("Goodbye, Mr
Bond!") The Effect works poorly against magickal vehicl

,
which Iteration X doesn't completely understand — cars
controlled by Virtual Adept computers, Sons of Ether
contraptions and rival

nventions' limousines.

[The Technocrat rolls his Arete against a Strength +
Drive roll by the driver or pilot of the target vehicle,
difficulty 7. If the Technocrat rolls more successes, he
controls the vehicle for that turn.]
le Blood (*¢¢® Life, ** Matter)
fect lets a Progenitor Genegineer alter the
bon dioxide binds

to it, creating bicarbonate ions that cause the hemoglobin

Croco
This E
hemoglobin in his own blood so that ca

to release more oxygen. Consequently, he can hold his
breath for an hour or more when calm, or for several

minutes of constant activity. The focus is a lengthy

blood-replacement technique in sterile conditions, making
the rote coincidental

val

10

AMT

[The number of successes determines the Effect's dura-
tion in hours (calm immobility) or minutes (furiousaction).
A botch means the mage must surface immediately or begin

to drown. With Prime 2, the Progenitor can create this

Effect for others.
Re-education Mode (¢¢
Prime)

* Mind, °° Time, **

This New World Order procedure uses the same ap-
proach as the Cult of Ecstacy rote The Moment That
Stretches (Chapter One), but against an unwilling victim.
The dilation of the time sense causes the paralyzed victim
to experience hours or days of mental boredom in a few
moments of physical time. Agents use this Effect to drive a
victim crazy with boredom and sensory depri

ion, or to
indoctrinate her with endless repetitious messages only she
can hear. In some cases, the Effect stretches the victim's
subjective time to a week or more — easily long enough to
break most wills. The Technocracy often uses this proce-
dure in conjunction with drugs or magickal machines called
NWO)

[The number of successes on the Effect roll is the
number of succ

Sleepteachers (see Technocrac

s the victim needs on an Intelligence +
Meditation roll to break free of the procedure. The victim
receives one roll per subjective "hour," but each attempted
roll costs a Willpower point, and successes are not cumula-
tive. The Willpower point spent to make the roll does not

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies 53


grant an automatic success; however, the victim can spend
additional Willpower points on the same roll to get auto-
matic successes.]

[If the victim cannot break free of the procedure before
running out of Willpower, she may receive a post-hypnotic
command at the Storyteller's discretion, releasing her from
the Effect. Her Mental attributes temporarily drop to one
each, and she falls unconscious and remains nonfunctional
until she regains at least a point of Willpower. Unless some
event reminds her of the command, she will not rember it
upon awakening.

[When resisting a post-hypnotic command, the victim
uses the same difficulty number and ability roll, but need
not spend a Willpower point to make resistance rolls.
When the victim scores five cumulative successes, she has
broken the post-hypnotic command.]

Nearest and Dearest (¢¢* Mind, ** Correspon-
dence, ¢* Time)

This insidious procedure helps Syndicate Enforcers
convince a victim to do their will. A Syndicate goon hugs
his victim, kisses him lightly on both cheeks and either
looks through his wallet, performs a background check or
simply lets him know, "I've been askin' questions about you,
and I know where you live." In this way, the goon identifies
and locates anyone that the victim loves or has ever loved,
including all living relatives and close friends.

[The victim may resist the Effect roll with Wits +
Subterfuge or with Mind countermagick. The Effect grants
the caster the name and image of the victim's closest friend
or loved one if the Syndicate agent gains at least one
success; more successes reveal more names and locations.]

Liftoff (¢**** Forces, ¢¢¢* Matter, ¢* Prime)

Common opinion considers this one of the most in-
sanely vulgar Effects in history. Invented by the Void
Engineers 40 years ago, it makes any flying vehicle
spaceworthy. An additional Spirit 4 Effect can carry the
vehicle into the Umbra.

The procedure is incredibly Paradox-prone for any-
thing short of a rocket; the details are carefuly guarded by
the Void Engineers. The Syndicate and New World Order
have diligently spread news stories of advances in materials
and fuels, making the procedure gradually less unlikely in
Sleeper society. In the long term, the Engineers hope to
introduce a spacegoing automobile without fear of Paradox.

[The Effect requires seven cumulative successes to
reach low Earth orbit and seven more to break the orbit
(either to return to Earth or to enter the Deep Umbra). A
botch at any point has catastrophic consequences that are
left to the Storyteller's imagination. The Sons of Ether
Tradtion book Appendix lists the rules for Horizon-break-
ing.]

54 Hidden Lore


Storyteller Hints
for The Ascension War

y tind No feet to fall

You need no ground

KN Allowed to glide right through the sun
Me Released from circles guarded tight

era)

Now we all are chosen ones

— Indigo Girls, "Secure Yourself"
: The Ascension War is not a clash of
armies or ideologies

It's a battle of souls by

souls, and reality is the battleground. The
antagonists' agendas and politics, therefore, are as useful to
the Storyteller as any list of combat Traits.

It's easy to get lost among the factions of the shadow
war. This section offers some clues about the roles and
intents of the various groups. Obviously, certain individu-
als within these groups will deviate from the party line, but
the suggestions below should prove helpful. These are not
concrete scripts; consider them roleplaying notes for the
factions as a whole, like the stereotypes and quotes in the
"Traditions" section.

It's really important to remember that True Mages are
arare breed; some may command almost godlike power, but
only a handful exist in the world. Estimates of living
mysticks (compiled, no doubt, by the Technocracy) range
from as low as 2,000 to as high as 10,000 worldwide,
including mad Orphans and Horizon Realm dwellers. No
one can account for the Nephandi and Marauders beyond
the Horizon, but surely only the fittest can survive out
there. Even the most generous estimates conclude that
most of these willworkers attain only minor powers before
either reality or attrition send them back into the Wheel of
Creation. Given such small numbers, the direct influence
mysticks have upon a mortal world of billions is often slight.
Their indirect influence is another matter; by pulling at
teality's threads, mages keep the Tapestry as a whole from
becoming too constricting. The Sleepers take up the slack.

Purposes and Agendas

Each group has a purpose or two; think of these as
Demeanors (see Mage Second Edition, Chapter Six). The
agenda corresponds somewhat to a Nature; these agendas
can give you an insight into that group's general view of
Ascension. No crowd is perfect, either; each group has a
weakness that wise foes can exploit. With these sugges-
tions, you can get a rough handle on how the group (or
characters within that group) will act... or react.

The Traditions

The Mystick Traditions walk a tightrope of control.
More than any of their rivals, these mages are subject to
doubt or corruption. While the more extreme factions
occupy a philosophical niche, the Traditions try to balance
between the poles, seeking a personal Ascension over an
external one. Hence, it's easier for them to fall from grace
into temptation, pride or despair. Their quest against this
fall makes Tradition mages more heroic than their peers.
Despite their failings, these mystick rebels fight — and
prevail — over disconcerting odds.

7
~ ZN

Within the mortal world, various mysticks exert per-
sonal influence. Asa whole, however, the Traditions do not
pull mortal strings — they let their teachings and examples
reach out through events. Once ina while, some group will
take a strong role— the Virtual Adepts are directly respon-
sible for the information superhighway, and the Cult of
Ecstasy has many allies and agents in the music business —
but for the most part, the Traditions are too internally
divided to control mortal affairs. And too principled, gen-
erally, to seize the reins and command the Sleepers outright.

The Council lacks the Technocrats' unity, but their
flexibility ensures their survival. Unlike the Technocracy,
this faction's internal rivalries allow their cabals to bend,
not break, under stress. Each Tradition has an area where
they excel if the shooting starts. They can, however, switch
roles much more easily than their static counterparts.
Despite their underdog status, the mysticks' romance holds
aloyal place in the Sleepers' hearts. Though out-gunned for
now, the Council's fortunes are rising.

¢ The Akashic Brotherhood seeks perfection in har-
mony. Their tool is discipline, which they've refined into a
devastating weapon. In open combat, these mages are
shock troops — their martial prowess is second to none.
Their agenda, however, is complex in its simplicity: to
master one's self, and through that, to inspire others.
Discipline can be their failing as well — Akashics often
crack if their mastery falters.

* Celestial Chorus mages minister to humanity; their
Ascension is the salvation of the Earth through unity. In
this way, some are easily seduced by Technomancers who
appeal to their noble purpose. Their greatest strength is
their connection to the Sleepers — no other Tradition has
such a dedicated base. As defenders of the faith, Choristers
counter overt evil with purifying magicks.

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies 55


NO Ail

4

* Like the Chorus, the Cult of Ecstasy favors changing
hearts over ripping them out. This Tradition's ties in the
mortal community also run deep, although their anarchis-
tic ideals make them a lot of enemies. When forced to fight,
they often distort Time and perception around their tar-
gets, averting harm rather than causing it.

© Dreamspeakers find strength in the primal connec-
tion between the spirit and material worlds. Their agenda
is to bridge the gap and let humanity regain its spiritual ties.
When they call upon Otherworldly allies, these mages can
literally raise hell. Unfortunately, they tend towards tun-
nel-vision, and get easily distracted by threats to nature's
balance and their peoples' well-being.

¢ Euthanatos are silent killers. They don't shoot first
and ask questions later; they ask their questions — and get
answers — before you even see them coming. When killing
is unnecessai

, they often teach Sleepers how to appreciate

life. Unfortunately, they can be misled; the urge to kill can
overpower even the strongest discipline.

* The Order of Hermes seeks perfection of the self
through perfection of the Art. Their complex rituals re-
quire extensive learning and intelligence. When not
educating their peers, these mages make excellent tacti-
cians and wield heavy firepower. Their ties to the Sleeper
community, though powerful, are slight. This isolation
breeds hubris like a petrie dish. Hermetic mages are those
most likely to fall to pride.

* The maniacal Sons of Ether find strength in their
eccentricity, but it makes them hard to take seriously, too.
Their Ascension ideal is to take possibility as far as it will go
— with style and common decency, of course. Like the
Hermetics, the Sons lack the social skills to integrate their
sion with common reality; thus, they get rejected and
sometimes turn their power against their rivals.

* With the growing New Age movement, Verbena
mages tap into a whole subculture that feeds their vision. In
their quest to unite the sacred and the carnal, these mages
seek Ascension inside and help others do the same. This
self-searching often leads to self-righteousness; this Tradi-
tion is noted for its arrogance. In combat, Verbena wield
the forces of life and nature like sabers — swiftly, directly
and deadly.

¢ Virtual Adepts are the Council's ace-in-the-hole—
and they know it. Their mastery of technology and neo-
arcane thought-patterns baffle Tradition and Technomancer
alike, which comes in handy in battle. While other mages
draw enemy fire, the Adepts hum in behind and.... This
Tradition's influence in the modern world is second to
none. Their smart-ass reputation, however, makes it hard
for them to find friends even when they need them, and
their materialistic ways make them easy to seduce. Adept
Ascension often involves unity with the Net — transcen-

dence from flesh to information.

56

Hidden Lore

¢ Although the Hollow Ones embrace a dark Ascen-
sion, their ironic vitality may breathe some much-needed
change into the Traditions' corridors. Their anarchistic
streak makes any form of unity unlikely, although circum-
stances may bring them together more than most of them
may prefer someday. Until then, they remain a "Tradition"
only in the most general sense, and have no formal place
within the Council.

Within their personal groups, Hollow Ones tend to be
quite loyal; only a select few, they feel, truly understand the
shit they've had to take. These Orphans are bootstrap
mages — they come into their powers alone and make the
best of it with little help. This self-reliance becomes their
ideal, though even they refuse to see it. Most of them prefer
to avoid a fight, but when backed into corne

they are
wickedly unpredictable.

The Technocracy

The Technocratic Union's declared goal is to create a
safe reality where random elements are purged and every-
one works toward acommon purpose under the Conventions'
benevolent leadership. Their agenda, however, is a frag-
mented thing; each Convention has a slightly different
take on Ascension, and secretly wishes to control the
others. This hamstrings the unity that makes them strong.

To outsiders, the Technocracy is a monolith, ever-
presentandall-controlling. Because they cloak theirmagicks
in natural laws (both inherent and invented), all but the
grossest of their actions are coincidental. This gives them a
nasty edge in conflicts with mysticks whose view of reality
is more flexible than reality's currents will accept. Al-
though they exert less command over more primal lands
and cultures, the Technocrats have the modern world
thoroughly in hand.

To the Traditions, the Conventions are everywhere.
The truth behind this belief is largely left to the individual
Storyteller; despite their seeming omniscience, however,
the Technocracy is more show than substance. Many of
their most effective techniques involve manipulation and
psychological warfare. These strategies make the Techno-
crats appear more substantial than they actually are.

This faction's vaunted unity is likewise fragile. Al-
though they work effectively together, the Conventions
plot against each other when backs are turned. These
intrigues are very covert; severe penalties greet the Techno-
crat whose plotting is exposed — especially if it gave some
other faction an edge.

The Inner Circle meets in various Horizon Realms;
these revolving sites reflect the Conventions' paranoia and
security precautions. In some cases, access and information
about such meetings may be denied to Technocrats who fall
out of favor. Only select representatives from each Conven-
tion ever receive an invitation to attend the Inner Circle's
gatherings. Although we can assume that such meetings are


heavily guarded, the means remain a mystery — a large
regular Symposium would pose security risks, Would-be
infiltrators, therefore, could assume that the Inner Circle

members are extraordinarily powerful in their own right.

Each Convention has a twofold purpose. The first is
the group's day-to-day influence on Sleepers, while the
other guides their military function. The agendas reflect
the Conventions' ideals — and their intrigues.

* The NWO's prime function is indoctrination and
infiltration. While their historical divisions write (or re-
write) history, intelligence agencies gather information for
later use. Their wartime purpose entails conversion, coer-
cion and subtle intimidation. Their agenda is the eventual
control of "truth"; under one truth, they hope to unite all
humanity.

* Iteration X strives for clockwork perfection. Within
the Union, they monitor efficiency and update the Time-
table which guides the Conventions' actions. On the
battlefield, they form the mailed fist of the Technocracy.
When brute force is the best response, the Inner Circle
sends in Iteration X. The Convention's agenda involves
unity with the Machine, a transcendental melding of im-
perfect opposites.

© The Syndicate controls the purse-strings. Their
subtle purpose is the regulation of trade and the Sleepers'
dependency on it. Their fellow Conventions must likewise
win the Syndicate's approval for budgets and research
grants. This, of course, leads to lots of politicking. On a
more brutal front, the Syndicate's "hard men" lean on those
who resist or expose their financial dealings and their

progress toward a cashless society. The lowest echelons of

their criminal divisions also collect funds and favors from
the vice trades, money which goes to fund the other
Conventions. Their ideal is command of all trade— perfect
regulation screens out random equations. This includes
their fellow Technocrats.

© Progenitor scientists perform research into the pos-
sibilities of the flesh. While seeking organic perfection,
they also create tools for the Masses' sedation. A calm child
is a happy child, after all. In combat, they employ bizarre
creatures, clones and biological weapons. While Iteration

X seeks to become one with the Machine, these physicians

seek to perfect biological life. Along the way, they indulge
in experiments that rival the maddest Marauders for vulgar-

ity. But then, a true scientist must take risks.

* Since their inception, the Void Engineers have
explored and mapped the unknown. While they usually
concentrate on outer sp: Engineer Methodologies also
travel into the deep seas, inner earth and virtual reality
ely-guarded
secret). Their wartime purpose is to safeguard these fron-

(their mastery of the spirit worlds is a clos

tiers against takeover and invasion. Their Umbraships
scour Nodes, assault Horizon Realms and battle the "aliens"
outside the Horizon and inside the Web. The Convention's

57

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodi

es

Ws,


real agenda, howe

, is "to boldly go where no one has

gone before." Ascension, to them, is to leave this decaying
Earth and join the secrets of the stars. This makes them the
Technocracy's loosest cannon — and the Nephandi's far

vorite target.

The Nephandi

‘These corrupters should retiain shadows on the yall
your Mage chronicle. They are not simply "bad mages "Hi
sworn destroyers who have been reborn to follow the Path
of Descent. Any mage can commit evil deeds; the Nephandi
pursue a morality of decay

Evil as they are, the Nephandi are not stooges. Some

Nephandi are maniacs, while others are subtle and conni¥s
ing. All of them have reasons behind their obscenities; each
has made a conscious choice to enter the Caul and undergo
a dark Rebirth. Their corruption has a sound base = To:
have light, one must first have darkness. If that light Ni
survive, it must overpower darkness or be consumed:
Whether or not the vision is true, most Nephandi see
themselves as the beginning, the end and the beginningof
the end. The world seems to agree with their nihilistic
viewpoint; indeed, the Nephandi may actually be the
strongest faction of them all

Most Technocrats and Council mages believe thé
Nephandi to be banished to the outer darkness. They afe
wrong — far more barabbi exist than either faction wantst0
admit. The extent of their influence over Sleepers is foryou
to decide, but in any case, they feed on Gothie-punk
despair. They rarely go about openly, but subvert and:
infiltrate other groups, bringing them down from within:
Mood and atmosphere are important tools ifthe Nephandl
show up.

Nephandi do not work well with others. There ate
rumored to be divisions among the Fallen that spark wats
within their own ranks. Some are said to worship thé
Outsiders, while others win their gifts from astral demon
hordes. Still others breed fomori in service to the primal
Wyrm. Any or all of these rumors might be true. Few
outsiders ever find out. The reality should be left to the
players' imaginations.

The Marauders

All Marauders are insane, and madness if thelial
ach Marauder

harbors dangerous delusions which feed into his under

card. No matter how sane one might appear,

standing of the dynamic core of the universe,

This madness varies from mage to mage. Some spe
no more than mildly eccentric, even amusing, while others
could eat toxic waste without gagging and kill children with
glee. Ascension, for the Mad Ones, is as unpredictable as
madness itself. For all their Wyldness, however, Marauders
are still human beings —albeit humans gone forever insane)


through a direct line with infinite chaos. This makes them
all the more frightening.

Marauders should never seem predictable. Storytellers
are advised to go with their wildest instincts while keeping
that human core in mind.

Sexual Politics

Sexuality is an inescapable part of the human experi-

ence, and the Awakened are not immune to its influence.

As the Mage introduction says, anyone can be a mage;
neither gender nor sexual orientation play a part. Sadly, it
would be naive toa

me that every group reacts with total
egalitarianism. Like the agendas above, the stereotypes
below are generalizations only. Every person is unique.
The Traditions, as always, stand for diversity. Some
groups, like the Order of Hermes and Sons of Ether, are
notably conservative. Although women, gays and bisexuals
reside within these Traditions, internal dissension about
"policy" is common. Others, like the Verbena and Cult of
Ecstasy, are openly gynocentric and display little regard for
aperson's orientation. Most groups fall into middle grounds.
Des

tions along sexual lines — all people are considered

ite their name, few Akashic Brothers make distinc-

"brothers." The Chorus, too, has largely transcended the
"limitations" of its mortal prejudices. Dreamspeakers,
Euthanatos and Virtual Adepts are a mixed bag; some
members come ftom very conservative (or male-domi-
na

ed) cultures and carry appropriate views, while others

view women and gays as equals. The Hollow Ones, as usual,

don't give a shit.
The Technocracy is notoriously chauvinistic; every
petson has their place, regardless of gender or preferenc

but the glass ceiling lives. Most ranking Technocrats view
total acceptance of alternative lifestyles as counterproduc-
tive, and provide places for women who know theirs.
Anyone can achieve high status in the Union's ranks, but
only the Void Engineers and Progenitots seem completely
blind to gender roles

The archetypal Nephandus is a woman, though this
probably has more to do with the witch-harlot stereotype

than with real membership or power. As the most powerful
(and fearful) human urge, sexuality has infinite possibilities
for corruption. The Fallen seem to know all of them well;
both genders are renowned for violence, temptations and

perversions. Some Fallen Ones, it is said, are neither male
nor female, but both or even genderless, thanks to magickal
mutations. In any case, the faction doesn't seem to discrimi-
nate much -

anyone is fair game
Each Marauder is unique, wrapped in a cocoon of his or
herown madness. The ways they deal with others ofany sort

ot gender are as varied as they are capricious.


Ombral Ships

Between the worlds, beyond the Horizon, lies
less void. In material reality, this spi
Those few who have esc

speak of the Etherspace,

an end-
ace is airless and barren.
aped the great barriers, however,
or Deep Uni
traverse this space with specially-made
vehicles which harness advanced Arts or
escape Earth's physical
Void Engineers

Some mages
Umbraships, rare
technomagicks to
and metaphysical gravity. Only
and Sons of Ether, for the most p
design such ships. Any lucky mage,
himself aboard one.

Most Umbral

art, own or
however, may find

ships are built in the material world and
through the Gauntlet with powerful Spirit and
Prime magicks. This vulgar process has destroyed more than
its share of voyagers, so such ships are often kept on the far
side of the barrier, usually "docked" in a Horizon Realm
until they're needed. Both Sons and Engineers employ
"phase chambers" (known by a variety of names) to

bring
the ship crews across. U

mbraships are invisible to the
material eye, although mystick Aw:
Passage. Because of the expense, time and expertise re-
quired to build them, Umbraships are hard to come by.
Many Awakened consider them a fanciful myth

The most infamous of these
Technocracy's Qui La Machins

60

‘areness can sense their

Umbral ships, the
» Operate within the

Hidden Lore

Horizon's boundaries. Invisible to the mortal eye, they
places. Through elaborate
avigation procedures, they shuttle throughout the
umbra "sanitizing" mystick,

wreak havoc upon magickal

Pen-
al Nodes into more mundane
functions. These are the battleships of the Ascension War,
heavily armed and armored with the technomagickal
Primium. Qui La Machinze come
X156 cruisers, emp!
warships (called "V;
which

alloy
in two different classes:
loyed for common sanitation, and X200
aders" by overly imaginative Engineers),
are called out in the most dire of circumstances. Both
types have extensive Force weaponry, Prime-fueled Quin-
tessence draws, phase capability
Corps troops. Both have been
mage and Umbrood alike;
they resemble floating Art
don't have many of these s

andacomplimentofBoarder
designed to strike fear into
bristling with guns and blades,
Deco fortresses. The Engineers

hips (exact numbers are classi-
fied), but the ships' fear potential makes up

for their small
numbers.

The Sons of Ether are more individual
scientists create Umbral jump-suits, orbit
spheres, galactic carracks

Many mad
al chambers, astro-
and a host of smaller ships to
navigate the Etherspace and Umbral Worlds. The bewil.
dering array of devices aboard

1 these ships testifies to the
heights of vision —

and disorganization — to which
starfaring Ethernauts ascend. Some h

ave life-support sys-
tems (based on the idea th

at the Umbra is poisonous) and


particle-beam weaponry; others have plush Victorian quar-
ters (like the famous Victoria Station Chantry orbiting the
moon), harpoons, elaborate rigging and sails, sleek designs
worthy of a Star Wars movie or awkwardly elegant fins,
domes, stabilizers, etc. For the Ethernauts, form and func-
tion are one; each ship bears the stamp of its creators.

Along the Umbral Horizon front, a series of Void
Engineer satellites keeps watch for Nephandi creeping in
and Ethernauts flying out. Deep Universe Research Collec-
tives journey far into the Etherspace, ferrying curious
Engineers (and often-terrified members of other Conven-
tions) to the furthest reaches of explored space. The
Engineers usually wear elaborate life-support gear, and are
puzzled when they encounter other explorers without any
sort of protection at all.

The Mad Ones and Nephandi, however, are the truest
masters of the endless void. Marauders often float through
space wrapped in their own madness, or ride bizarre beasts
and ornate starships between the Shard Realms. When
their war-parties cross over thin points in the Horizon,
these strange invaders lay siege to any Horizon Realm they
can reach (the once-great Construct Null-B has been

decimated by such raids, as have other lesser-known
Chantries). Ethernauts claim that the Flying Dutchman
itself appears occasionally in the Deep Umbra, helmed by
enigmatic madmen.

From their nightmare Realms outside the barrier, the
Fallen Ones launch living Umbraships in an effort to pierce
Earth's Horizon. These Nephandi warlords harness arcane
powers to survive the reaches of Etherspace. Some ride
monsters that shatter sanity like eggshells, while others
construct semi-organic warships crewed by abominations.
Fortunately, direct assaults are rare; the Fallen do not hav
the numbers yet to mount a truly impressive assault. Trav-
elers into the void, however, risk their lives and soulsshould
they encounter a Nephandus' battleship.

The most horrible Umbraships, however, are the prison
spheres of Null-B. Rebellious Technomancers have been
sealed, from time to time, in solitary-confinement spheres
which are then sent off into infinity. The fate of eternal
confinement and loneliness is worse than any execution
the ruling Triumvirate could devise. Ethernauts occasion-
ally pick up such spheres on their journeys. The inhabitants
have been, without exception, quite mad.

Chapter Three: Storyteller Goodies 61



Chapter Four:
Handouts

Preston's guest sniffed at the proffered tea
B and clacked his cane on the stone floor.
"I come at your urgent invitation, and you
offer me iced tea? Oh please!"
It's summer in New Orleans," replied
Preston calmly. "But I can provide some Earl
Grey, I think. In a moment. Sit if you like."
The guest sat and adjusted the folds of his
paisley silk smoking jacket, absencly stroking his
long, furry ears. "I say, what's this all about then? Why have you
called on me?"

Preston took adeep breath. "I would like some information

I seek a Realm I've seen in my dreams, closed behind a gate of
iron and a garland of lost souls. Do you know of such a place?"
The guest diddled with his lace jabot. "Perhaps I do,
perhaps."
"And what do you want in exchange for this knowledge?"
asked Preston

"Not so very much," replied the guest after a thoughtful
pause. "Shall we say the mantle of a Master from House
Bonisagus? Or really, one from any Master in Doissetep would
do quite nicely." The guest smiled. "So... did you say Earl Grey
or Darjeeling, my good man?"

We've included the following handouts to make life
easier for both players and Storytellers. These Sphere refer-
ence sheets may be photocopied and stuck in a folder to
check what your character can do; if he had Entropy, Prime
and Time, for instance, you'd copy and keep those sheets.
Although the details of each Sphere must be checked in the
main rulebook, these quick summations can save both time
and wear and tear on the binding

One note: Some Spheres have been expanded or re-
vised in second edition Mage. These sheets reflect those
changes. Players still using first edition rules with them are

bound to be confused.

Chapter Four: Handouts 63


Y,
,

IW

Correspondence

Specialties: Conjuration, Scrying, Warding, Teleportation

Correspondence involves an understanding of locations, spatial relativity and the interrelation between people and

al barriers and levitate or fly through the air.
Correspondence is also commonly mixed with other Spheres to allow mages to work magick on subjects hundreds of miles
away.

objects. This allows mages to teleport, pull rabbits out of hats, create magick:

Since Correspondence deals with space and relationships, its range differs from the other eight Spheres. The theory
popular among the Virtual Adepts, the most recent Masters of Correspondence, is that space is ultimately an illusion. More
traditional mages explain Correspondence by the ancient doctrine of contagion: "Once together, always together." In
other words, it is

simpler to perform any working when there is a connection — physical, mental or spiritual — between

them.

While most mages need to touch their subject to work their Arts, those skilled in Correspondence may skirt barriers
or distance by forming links through space or related objects. The chart shows the successes needed to forge a link between
two points. The we:

ker the connection, the more successes the spell require:

© Immediate Spatial Perceptions

At this stage, the mage can intuitively estimate distances between objects, find true north (or any other direction)
and sense things in her immediate vicinity without using the normal five senses. This new sense also allows her to also
detect spatial instabilities, warps and wormholes.

© Sense/Touch Space

The mage may now extend any of her five senses across intervening space. Such magickal perceptions thin the barriers
between the two points in space, however, creating a weakness in the Tapestry (like those a rank one Effect can spot)
Luckily, she can also re-work the fabric of space, reinforcing the Tapestry and creating a barrier to hinder scrying or the
opening of actual rifts. This works like countermagick, deducting successes for each success.

In conjunction with Life or Matter, the mage may also grasp small items — house cat-sized or smaller — and pull
them through the Tapestry, conjuring them from "nowhere."
;

Pierce Space/Seal Gate/Co-locality Perception
The mage may now tear a hole through space, big enough to pass through but not large enough to carry large items
into. She may also seal such rifts or prevent them from opening; the greater the rift, the more difficult the feat
She also learns to sense multiple locations at once, perceiving the various scenes as several ghostly landscapes
overlapping one another. Working with the other Spheres, a mage may also grasp items governed by the Pattern Magicks
and slide them through space, performing levitation and telekinesis
Rend Space/Co-locate Self
The Adept may now transport other beings and large objects. With enough success

s (10+), she may even force the
rent wide enough to make a permanent Gateway.

The mage may now manifest physically in multiple locations at once, though she should also use Mind 1 ifshe wants
to think effectively in all of them, and Life 2 if she wants her multiple selves to perform separate actions

© Mutate Localities/Co-location
A Master of Correspondence learns how to distort space. She can affect distances and sizes around her, stretching
them and shrinking them to fit her needs. In scientific terms, the mass of objects cannot be changed, but their volumes

and dimensions are like potter's clay.

She may also stack locations on top of one another in a bizarre landscape of multiple forms or connect a variety of
items together. At this point, the Master's perceptions are so wildly expanded that her mundane Perception may be
enhanced beyond the normal human maximum.


CZ
""__ Entropy

Specialties: Fate, Fortune, Order, Chaos

The practical applications of Entropy are manifold. Disciples learn to quantify probability energy, which most mages
call Destiny, Fate or Fortune. Through observation, a mage may spot "accidents waiting to happen" and take advantage
of them, while at higher levels, the mage learns to manipulate the actual threads of probability.

Mages who study Entropy tend to specialize either in sowing chaos and confusion or in reaffirming order and reason,
though some follow an enigmatic middle ground. Curses and blessings are their specialty, and they can bring the strange
force of Wyrd to bear on objects, individuals and even ideas and concepts. These mages understand how all patterns break
down, and thus, how they work in the first place.

Direct Entropy Effects do no damage until the fourth level, after which they do one success less than usual.
Applications of entropy — crumbling walls, disintegrated bridges, etc. — are more effective, and inflict the usual damage.

* Sense Fate & Fortune

Disciples of Entropy learn to examine each thing and discern its strengths and weaknesses, examining what it is and
what it does, Given this knowledge, the mage can pick a lucky horse, sense ifa lock has some defect or choose the original
between two identical items. Fate, however, is a fickle thing, and Fortune even more so. These insights are not perfect,
just advanced.

* Control Probability

Now that the threads of Fate have been identified, the dominos of Fortune may be pushed. Disciples learn control
over probability by studying where it concentrates. This gives the mage amazing, yet subtle control over hundreds of small
events. He may determine the outcome of any minor event that would normally be random. Once he discerns which
apparently random events are in fact predetermined, he can then manipulate other eventualities to his own ends.

There's a limit to this control; the greater the probability he tries to affect, the more difficult the act becomes.
Determining a coin-toss is simple magick. Determining the toss of the same coin 100 times in succession becomes
correspondingly more difficult.

Affect Predictable Patterns
Machines are especially susceptible to entropy. Clocks wind down, engines break, and all things eventually decay.

A Disciple of Entropy can "fix" this deterioration, causing a new television set to blow a fuse while an old junker car still
runs years after it should have fallen apart. This works best on complex machines — simple objects are harder to erode
or maintain this way.

A mystick at this level can also control the fate of objects or people, though his influence is still limited by the realm

of possibility. The more unlikely a feat, the more difficult it becomes.
Affect Life

Adepts of Entropy study how life forms begin, mature, wither, and die. Through this, a mage learns how to influence
the random factors of life, giving him immense power either to destroy it or affect its development. With this magick, a
mage can weave a potent spell over a living being, blessing or cursing him and his line. Other Spheres may be woven into
such a charm, creating hereditary magickal gifts or flamboyant curses. These Arts affect probability, not Life Patterns
themselves.

eeeee Affect Thought

Masters of Entropy expand their control over reality by studying the ways in which ideas change over time. Thoughts,
they point out, can be molded, shaped and influenced over time. While the Masters of Mind rudely subjugate the minds
of others, Masters of Entropy merely point out things that will strike a person a particular way and let his thoughts follow
the natural progression to other possibilities.

Master of Entropy who specialize in chaos can confuse a person simply by making a few weird comments, while those
specializing in order can present logical arguments to guide that person's ideas to some higher (or at least different)
conclusion. Masters who specialize in Fate or Fortune can lead subjects to inescapable conclusions or spark random,
creative thoughts, which a subject may absorb as he sees fit. This may lead to paradigm shifts, new faiths or insanity.


Specialties: Elements (any or all), Technology, Physics, Weather

Mages who understand the Sphere of Forces know that there is much that "civilization" does not understand about
the elements. Masters of this Pattern Art can manipulate and create natural forces as she pleases.

Mages who want to cause serious damage often study this Sphere. An Effect utilizing Forces adds one additional suc
to damage rolls. Certain energies are limited by Sphere levels; simple manifestations can be used at lower levels, while
massive phenomena are limited to the higher ranks. Most larger Effects also require plenty of successes. Other mages tend
to give Masters of Forces some distance, as they are infamously Paradox-prone and their magick tends to be very messy.

* Perceive Forces

The mage can perceive all types of energy flows, sensing wavelengths far beyond the limited range of visible light and
sonic frequencies upon which normal mortals rely. She may see anything from infrared light to x-rays to gravity waves.

¢ Control Minor Forces

All the positive forces are essentially the same — sound, light, heat, etc. — as are the negative forces — silence,
darkness, cold and so on. While a mage at this level of understanding cannot fundamentally change either positive or
negative energies, she can exercise some degree of control over their ebb and flow. Sound and silence may be sent in
different directions, light and darkness may be bent, focused and diffused to change apparent colors, displace a mage's
image, wrap her in shadows, or focus a flashlight into a fine laser.

The amount of energy that can be controlled at this level is limited; the mage could short circuit a house, but not an
apartment building. The larger the force to be controlled, and the degree of that control, the more successes the spell
demands. A candle flame can be made to flare with only one success, but a bonfire requires five or more. To control greater
forces requires Forces 4.

¢*¢ Transmute Minor Forces

The mage can now change one force into another, flip positive into negative, or create or destroy forces as she likes,
summoning them out of thin air and dissolving them into same. With this level of Forces alone, a mage may change one
force into another. Radiation may be transformed into sound, heat into cold or light into darkness. With a conjunctional
Effect involving Matter or Life, a mage may transmute things of those Spheres into a Force of the strength governed by
this level.

Alternately, the mage may turn Quintessence into one of the baser forces or transform base energy into pure ether,

transmuting the elements or summoning forces from "nowhere." With enough successes, a mage with this power can now
freeze enemies solid or incinerate them on the spot, blow up cars or fly through the air. With Life 4, she may even transform
herself into a being of living fire, a shadow or a chill.

¢¢¢¢ Control Major Forces

This power works like Forces 2 above, but the maximum for that level is the minimum for this one. With enough
successes, she may focus the light of the sun into a laser canon, redirect missiles mid-flight, or melt glaciers while lakes
are frozen solid. Most such Effects, of course, are quite vulgar.

Transmute Major Forces

This level operates like Forces 3 above, but with enough successes, the degree of power a mage may access is almost
limitless. Large Effects require many successes, as well as logic — it's easier to brew a storm during monsoon season than
in the middle of a drought, for example — but a Master of Forces may conjure hurricanes, firestorms, tidal waves,
earthquakes and nuclear blasts.


Life

Specialties: Shapeshifting, Disease/ Healing, Improvement, Cloning/ Creation

Mages of Life are invaluable to a Chantry; their powers may heal both normal and aggravated wounds, and can cause
the same. Damage from the Sphere of Life is fairly standard, but sorcerers who know this Art need not simply kill
opponents. They may also improve their bodies (or others'), sometimes transforming them into new creatures altogether.

Transformation or mutation works the same way as it does with any other Sphere; to change one thing into another
(or create it from "nowhere"), the mystick must use another Sphere to do it.

Generally speaking, the Sphere of Life governs items still containing living cells, even if the item is technically dead.
If something is alive enough to be planted in the ground to sprout, or is still serviceable for transplant surgery or at least
tissue cultures, Life rules it.

* Sense Life

By reading Life Patterns, a mage can learn a lot about a life form — its age, its sex and every aspect of its health —
and can also sense different forms of life nearby.

ee Alter Simple Patterns/Heal Self

This rank's magicks can alter the structure of basic life forms, from microscopic viruses and bacteria to creatures as
complex as insects and shellfish. He can heal simple creatures or kill them, cause crabs to sprout extra legs, trees to bear

fruit or bees to release the pheromones which signal a swarm. Whatever he does, the creatures themselves remain what
they always were — he can mutate them, but cannot transform them.

The mage may also correct (or create) breaks in his own Pattern, to heal or harm himself as he desires.

eee Alter Self/Heal Life/Transform-Create Simple Patterns

At this rank, the mage can alter his own Pattern, making subtle improvements and variations as he did with simple
Patterns at Life 2. He cannot substantially change what he is (a human), but can change his gender or appearance or
physically modify his body to grow claws, fur, gills, etc.

Simple Patterns are now his to command; he may turn them inside-out, change one into another or even create them
entirely from other Patterns, through conjunctional Effects. Unfortunately, any life form he creates has no mind beyond
what it held before. The mystick may also heal (or harm) other people as he did himself at the previous rank.

. Alter Complex Life Patterns/Transform Self

A mage who reaches this rank can change the structure of any complex Life Patterns, including those of other sentient
beings. As with Life 2, the creatures subjected to this magick still retain their original form, but radical variations on that
basic form are still possible.

A Life Adept can alter her form to resemble another living being of approximately the same size and mass. She may
become a deer, but not a mouse. Special abilities — water breathing, flight, etc. — do not carry over at this level without
additional Life Effects, and moving around in the new form will take getting used to.

. Transform-Create Complex Life Patterns/Perfect Metamorphosis

A Master of Life can transform others as she transformed herself at the previous rank. At this level, she can attain
any form she desires and alter others the same way.

This carries its own problems. A higher being transformed into a lower one tends to trade intelligence for survival
instincts, while a lower life form changed into a higher one has similar problems. The perfect self-metamorphosis a Master
achieves, however, has no such problems. A mage who shapeshifts at this level carries her mind and Arts with her.
Whatever she becomes, that form is as natural as the one she was born into.

At this level, the mage can weave a new Pattern to create any life form, even a human body, using conjunctional
magick to translate it from energy, matter or pure Quintessence with the appropriate rank of Forces, Matter or Prime.
Unfortunately, the life form created has no mind or soul beyond the base material or the Resonance it carries.


Matter

Specialties: Transmutation, Shaping, Conjuration, Complex Patterns
This Sphere concerns itself with non-living matter; the pr

se line between this Sphere and the Sphere of Life, like
the precise line between the Elements, varies from Tradition to Tradition. In general, assume that a subject that contains
living or nearly-living tissue (blood, for instance) falls under Life, whereas dead simple tissue (hair) falls under Matter.

Wherever the division lies,

students of Matter first learn to analyze their subject, then to transmute one basic
substance into another. After this, a mage learns to rework the shapes of items, craft articles of great complexity and finally

create items of wonder and the substances of legend.
© Matter Perceptions

The Disciple of Matter begins by recognizing the various Patterns of Matter, including the underlying structures that
give objec

. In addition
to sensing the composition and properties of Matter, the Disciple can discern structures hidden within structures; material
no longer forms a barrier to her sen

their shapes and physical properties. This allows her to detect things hidden from normal sen:

* Basic Transmutation

The mage may transmute one substance into another, without changing its shape, temperature or basic state (solid,
liquid, gas). Mages of mystick Traditions can change milk into cream or mahogany into oak, while scientists change water
to acid or lead into gold. The more radical the transmutation, the more successes the spell requires. It's easier to change
water into wine (one success) than into sulfuric acid (three), and more complicated to turn stones into bread (three
successes) than sourdough into rye (one).

A mage may also use conjunctional Effects involving other Pattern Spheres to briefly transform items governed by
Forces, Life or Prime into basic Patterns of Matter, including changing living beings into stone (Life 4/ Matter 2) or
spinning moonlight into thread (Forces 3/ Matter 2). With Prime 2, she may harness the ether to create (or uncreate) any
simple, basic thing composed of one common homogeneous substance. A granite boulder shaped vaguely like a woman is
possible, but a dainty china shepherdess is not. A bowlful of oatmeal or even blueberry pancakes could be made to appear,
but not a baroque wedding cake. The more rare and/or complex a given substance, the more difficult it is to create — it's
easier to create glass than diamonds.
© Alter Form

Atthe third rank of Matter, the mage can change the shape of inanimate objects however she desires, or temporarily
alter their state to make solids become liquids or liquids become gas. Permanent changes in state require Rank 5. A mage
who understands this rank may sculpt matter into any shape she pleases, limited only by the physical properties of the
materials she uses. Broken items may also be repaired seamlessly, if she has the mundane knowledge to do so.

* Complex Transmutation

Adepts of Matter may now perform radical changes to physical materials and craft complex items involving several
common substances or one or two rare ones. Any sort of regular matter may be changed into any other — a squirt pistol
into a loaded zipgun (three successes) or a trash dumpster into a small tank (five successes). The more radical the
transformation, the more difficult the feat.

With conjunctional Effects, the Patterns of Life, Forces or Prime itself may be transmuted into complex Matter,
allowing mages to turn pumpkins into gilded coaches, lightning bolts into swords or the Quintessential ether into master
keys. Complex organic creations are also possible, including silk ballgowns, roast chickens and Persian rugs.

* Alter Properties

At this pinnacle of understanding, Masters of Matter may create substances which do not exist in nature by taking
existing materials and altering their physical properties, or even make one object immaterial to some other substance. All
the substances of legends and comic books are possible with this level of magick. Masters build castles with paper-thin
walls and wear armor that feels like silk and weigh less than a feather. The rare prizes of Technocratic science,
manmade radioactive elements, are also reserved for this level.

such as the


a a |

Mind

Specialties: Communication, Illusion, Self-Empowerment, Astral Travel
far beyond mortal scope. Perception, communication, even
on the Damage chart

Masters of Mind have opened their mental faculties

le

domination are their province. Mind Arts pack little physical punch — they do one succe:
— but have endless subtle applications. Most Effects, cleverly and helped along with Social rolls, can be used
coincidentally.

* Sense Thoughts & Emotions/Empower Self

The mage begins to sense the thoughts and emotions around her. Though she cannot read them, she can sense their
strength and intensity. A mystick may also read the psychic impressions left on objects. At this stage, she cannot read any
actual thoughts or images, but can s

The Mind initiate also learns to influence her dreams and shield herself from others' thoughts and emotions. With
work (a magick roll), she can hide her aura and shield her thoughts from casual observation — though determined and

e "good" or "bad vibes" from an object or place.

n:

perceptive mages and other beings'may still be able to read them.
¢* Read Surface Thoughts/Create Impressions/ Mental Impulse

The mage learns how to read memories "attached" to objects by others' minds (basic psychometry) and scan surface
thoughts from unshielded minds. The greater the emotional content, the easier it is to read. She can also leave psychic
impressions on objects or places intentionally, too, and can send them out until they find their target. Complex thoughts
cannot be transmitted this way, but single words, images or emotional impulses can.

This level also allows her to create more elaborate shields in her mind and control her dreams to some extent. Two
mages of this same rank can also form a primitive mental link by dropping their shields and reading each other's conscious
minds.

¢¢e° Mental Link/ Walk Among Dreams

The mage can now establish a clear link between her own consciousness and the minds of others. She can use this
link for telepathic communications — or invasions. At this rank, the mage has full command of perceptual illusions or
psychic disturbances. These psychic assaults take many forms, but their end goal is to turn the victim into a mental
vegetable.

The mage may now contact the minds of other dreamers in her sleep and begin to explore the Dream Realms. While
waking, she may also use her abilities to enter the dreaming consciousness of others, though such trips are risky.

eee Control Conscious Mind/Walk Among Dreams

A Mind Adept can actually take over another person's mind and occupy his body for her own ends. Once this invasion
he may control her victim directly, cure or cause insanity, change his memories or set up posthypnotic
's aura with another of a completely different color and pattern. The victim

has begun, s
suggestions. The mage can overlay her subjec
may slowly recover as the subconscious mind reasserts the true memories, but the subject's Demeanor is usually irrevocably
altered.

The Adept can also leave her dreams behind and make brief excursions into the astral reaches. These trips must be
she may leave her meditating body for one turn.

short and can become dangerous. For each success the mystick rolls
Afterward, she returns to her physical self.
¢¢eee Control Subconscious/Untether/ Forge Psyche

A Master of Mind rules not only his own mind, but other minds as well. He may completely rewrite someone's
personality until his thoughts (and Nature Trait) bear no resemblance to anything that existed before.

The mage may also divorce a psyche from the body, switch minds between subjects and merge, copy or transfer the
entire sum of a person's memories and knowledge from one body to another. His powers allow him to increase a subject's
intelligence and wits to genius levels (5 dots) and may begin to increase his own beyond that. Complete astral travel
becomes possible now; a Master of Mind can leave her body for hours or even days at a time.

The greatest power of a Master of Mind, however, is the ability to create true conscious thought. A Master may create
another thinking, rational mind where none existed before, expanding its intelligence and designing its personality
however she likes.


Specialties: Channeling, Perceptions, Filling Patterns, Draining Patterns

Prime is the study of Quintessence, the raw stuff of True Magick. It exists everywhere, and all things are composed
of it, though some sources are easier to work than others. The most accessible forms of raw magick are the Quintessence
stored in a mage's Avatar or crystallized into Tass. More dangerous to use, but no less possible, is the Quintessence which
sustains the Life Patterns. The most difficult form of all to use is the Quintessence which forms the Patterns of creation,
though a Master of Prime may tap this source as well.

Prime is essential when conjuring things from pure thought into existence, or when sustaining things which run from
amagickal source (like Talismans). Bringing Patterns of Life, Matter or Forces into being "from nothing" demands Prime 2, while
"recharging" magickal energies requires Prime 3.

* Etheric Senses

A mage can sense basic Quintessential energy — the Nodes where it collects or wells up, the Tass in which it
crystallizes, and the Quintessential ebbs and flows which mark the times of greatest magick. He may also notice creatures
and objects charged with magickal energy. Such perceptions vary from mage to mage. Without the first rank of Prime,
the mage cannot store free Quintessence within his own Pattern beyond the amount he receives from his Avatar. Mages
without Prime magicks cannot gain Quintessence ratings above their Avatar Background Trait.
© Weave Odyllic Force/ Fuel Pattern

The mage attains some control over the shifting Quintessential energy, and can divert small streams to flow differently
or reweave them. When he conceives of an object, it takes on some degree of solidity. By channeling Prime Force through
his concept, the sorcerer can transform it into a physical form.

eee Channel Quintessence

Atrare sites (Nodes) and on rare days (Junctures), Quintessential Force focuses into Primal energy. The resulting flow
is called "free" Quintessence. Another Prime aspect, "raw" Quintessence, makes up Patterns, flows through living beings
and coalesces in the tremendous pool of Quintessence from which mages draw the energies for Pattern magick. At this
rank, a mystick understands how to draw these "surplus" energies out of their Patterns and channel them into new ones.

eee Expel Base Energy

While Disciples of Prime are largely limited to detecting and manipulating free Quintessence, Adepts of Prime learn
to channel raw Quintessence. They can pull Quintessence out of the Patterns of matter and energy, affecting a Pattern's
substance in reality. Each shard of inanimate matter and each spark of energy has Quintessence stored within. Adepts can
expel the Quintessence from these Patterns, recycling it into the cosmic pool of raw Quintessence. Without Quintessence
in its Pattern, that matter or energy ceases to exist.

Adepts who know enough about Matter or Forces can use conjunctional Effects to alter the amount of Quintessence
stored in various parts of these Patterns, thereby
sorcerer could make solids becom

issolving" different aspects or properties of the energy or matter. A
insubstantial, cause a magnet to have only one pole, remove achemical's ability to form
nuclear bonds with other chemicals (this process would, for example, make an acid unable to corrode), or cause objects
to lose their mass yet remain solid. While Pattern magicks alone can do the same thing, extracting a target's raw
Quintessence is a direct and "easy" way to alter it.
° Alter Flow

Masters of Prime delve into truly advanced theories. Such Masters can alter established flows of raw Quintessence
— those flowing through Life Patterns. Living beings interact with Quintessence in a unique manner. Their Quintessence
is not stored in their Patterns, but runs continuously through them. By damming this flow, the mage can extinguish the
spark of life within the creature.

Masters can also increase the flow of Quintessence through a Pattern. This means nothing to life forms without strong
Avatars, but Awakened ones can instantly recharge their Avatars' Quintessence.


cg Spirit

Specialties: Dimensional Science, Spirit Dealings, Umbral Travel, Possessions

No other Sphere, perhaps, marks the line between mystick and Technomancer as clearly as Spirit; some regard the
Otherworlds as the base of the mortal world, while others consider them just another frontier. This Sphere encompass
skills for traveling through the Otherworlds, dealing with spirits and surviving alien environments like the Deep Umbra.
While the game systems do not distinguish shamanism from spirit-tech, the foci, styles and intents vary a lot.

Unlike most Spheres, Spirit magicks often use the local Gauntlet rating (see screen chart) asa difficulty. The thicker
the barrier, the harder it is to penetrate, and vice versa. Any Spirit Effect, therefore, that passes between the material world
and the Otherworlds uses the Gauntlet as its difficulty. Vulgar and coincidental Effects still incur the usual amounts of
Paradox, however.

© Spirit Sight/ Spirit Sense

The Spirit initiate gains the ability to sense the Near Umbra around her, allowing her to see auras, ghosts and spirits.
Using such insight can be dangerous; mysticks attuned to the spiritual world often miss things in the physical one. She
can also "read" the strength of the local Gauntlet and sense an item containing spirit essence.

°° Touch Spirit/ Manipulate Gauntlet

The mage now gains the ability to briefly touch spirits and objects in the Penumbra — she can push a spirit out of
a room or hit one over the head. Although this magick allows only brief contact (a turn or two), it can be enough. She
can also speak through the Gauntlet, or extend her perceptions to Plumb the Deep Umbra and detect the fringes of
eternity.

A mystick can also thin (or strengthen) the local Gauntlet. Each success lowers or raises the Gauntlet difficulty by
-/+ 1 for one turn; three successes would affect that difficulty by 3 for three turns. Naturally, this roll must first succeed
against the original Gauntlet rating. The Gauntlet cannot be brought lower than difficulty 4.

#e Pierce Gauntlet/ Rouse & Lull Spirit

A mage may now make a hole in the Gauntlet and "step sideways" into the Umbra. Her body and possessions become
ephemera, the stuff of spirit; as things of the material world, however, they carry an odd glow. Any action the mystick takes
against an Umbrood creature now will be felt. Possessions are difficult to transform; entering skyclad (nude) requires only
the usual successes at the usual difficulty. Normal clothing and items add +1 to both difficulty and successes needed. Bulky
gear demands a +2 increase. The mage cannot bring through anything she could not normally carry.

With conjunctional Matter 3 and Prime 2 Arts, the mystick may create short-lived items out of ephemera. These
creations must be built as if they were material items, and fade away when the Effect's duration ends.

The mage also gains the power to rouse or lull spirits. Rousing is like calling, simply louder, while lulling puts an
Umbrood into brief slumber with a contested Willpower vs. Willpower roll. The more powerful the spirit, the more
difficult it is to awaken or put back to sleep.

* Rend Gauntlet/ Seal Breach/ Bind Spirit

The mage may now rip the Gauntlet asunder and travel through without difficulty or repair breaches which others

have made. Creating such rips is, of course, highly vulgar.

The mage may now compel spirits to appear and bind them or force them into objects, creating fetishes. The more
powerful the spirit, the more successes it takes to bind them. A brave (or foolish) shaman may also channel aspirit's powers
through herself. This shuts out any other magick she might do while the Umbrood possesses her, though she can access
its Charms, speak with its voice and perform feats of incredible physical prowess. Many spirits can only be forced out
through contested Willpower rolls (difficulty 7-10) or the reverse of this same power — exorcism.

«© Forge Ephemera/ Outward Journeys

A Master of Spirit gains a divine power, for she may now take ephemera, the substance of Spirit, reweave it, repair
it or rip it asunder. The mage may now heal spirits' Power (as per the Damage chart), help create Horizon Realms or
Umbral Domains or even attack a victim's Avatar through the dreaded Gilgul rite.

The Master may also use her power to break free from the Horizon and explore the Far Realms and Deep Umbra. This
magick allows her to survive the ravages of Etherspace for short periods while she speeds towards her chosen destination.


Y
,

Time

Specialties: Perceptions, Conjuctional Uses, Travel, Temporal Control

Time is perhaps the hardest Art to comprehend. Mysticks who pursue it argue theory more than any other mages —
especially the theories regarding time travel. The only clearly documented form of it involves skipping forward into the
future. While travel into the past is theoretically possible, it remains beyond even Time Masters' grasp.

Time works well with other Spheres; by hooking Time magicks into other Effects, a mystick can prolong or trigger
certain spells. Most Time Effects are highly vulgar; only time perceptions and triggers can remain unnoticed for long. Time
perceptions enable a mystick to search the future or past for some hidden secret. When scrying forward or backward in
time this way, the number of successes scored on the magickal Effect roll determines how far into the past the Time mage
can perceive. Durations for other Time Effects are determined normally.

* Time Sense

The mage develops a precise internal clock, and can detect certain time-based phenomena, sensing the approach of
such disturbances and "feeling" where in dimensional space the phenomena will appear. At this level, mages may also
detect temporal phenomena weaker than actual rifts, like spots where a mystick steps forward in Time, sends something
forward, or scrys into the future or past.

© Past/Future Sight

The mage can now shift her perceptions forward or backward in time. Those who do so often experience flashes of
pre-or-postcognition. Reading the past requires more successes to perform, but its results are fairly certain. Precognition
is less difficult, but the futures foreseen —tend to be inaccurate. By itself, this Effect allows a mage
to scry in her current location. With Correspondence 2, she may scry out any time and any place in the world, while
Entropy 2 lets her view several possible futures and pick the most probable one.
ome mages reverse this magick and thicken the walls of time, making other Time Effects more difficult. Each success
a mage gets on this sort of magick subtracts from a future (or past) success of some other mage to spy on the mage's present
doings.

eee Time Contraction/ Dilation

especially far futures

The mage can now accelerate or slow time as she desires. Mysticks often describe these Effects as "contracting" or
"dilating" time. While these moments seem to pass normally to an observer, he sees more things happen during that time
than would normally be poss
second.

ible. A mage using such Effects can take one additional action for every success over the

eee Time Determinism

The mage can now cause absolute shifts in time, taking a field of time and freezing it; a falling arrow may be stopped
mid-flight ora man placed in a state of suspended animation. This isa powerful Effect when used in conjunction with other
magicks, as the mage can choose the moment which "triggers" a magickal time bomb. Such "hanging" Effects are the type
of time-based phenomenon that mages with Time Sense can detect. Other magickal Effects can be worked into the
temporal program so long as that Effect, and its trigger, are set in advance.

eeeee Future Travel/ Time Immunity

A Time Master can shift objects through time, plucking something out of the flow of time and repositioning it at some
other point. The new position could be seconds or centuries away from the field's original place in time. Such Effects are
firmly linked to their point of origin; ripples exist where they once were until their reappearance. This forms a continuous
thread which the Master can pull at any time he sees fit. Such Arts are obviously vulgar, and any Disciple of Time can
recognize an anchored time Effect and gauge the time when it will come due.

Masters can also immunize themselves from time. During this "time" outside of Time, a mage perceives the world as
a collection of still images that he may manipulate as he pleases. As a conjunctional Effect with Life or Matter, he may
take other creatures and objects "out of time" as well.


HIDDE

-EOR

From Our Archives...

A Storyteller's work is never done. A few helpful charts, secrets and
hes reference sheets, however, can make his (or her) life a whole lot easier.

To Your Table:

All the charts you need for your Mage chronicle can be found within this
fold-out screen — combat tables, easy-reference Sphere sheets, character creation
steps and more. Meanwhile, the enclosed booklet offers a variety of goodies for
players and Storytellers alike.

A Pack of Mystick Goodies

Hidden Lore: The Second Edition Book and Screen contains a host of
helpful hints and useful magicks, including:

© Easy-access charts and tables, and full-page Sphere descriptions.
* A complete Chantry set in Seattle, Washington.

* A selection of spells for mysticks of all kinds, plus background details, famous
mages, rules options and more.

780 PARK NoRTH BLVD.
SUITE 100
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

a Q s CAME STUDIO

I
W

N 1-56504-40
Y

|

Printed in Canada

|