# File: Holy War.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Listen on the day when the Crier will call from near; the
day when men will hear the fateful cry. On that day, they will
rise up from their graves.

— The Koran, Surah: 50:37 [Qaf]


VI\g dearest priends-in-arvins,

Fou know me. 0 am called Tarjiman220 and D aor a translator of words and thoughts. V huinbly offer this
collection of werk te you and te any novice whe seeks my help. A riff exists between our cultures, and D find we are
all the victions of each other's worst misconceptions. Daim an almest solitary veice of the Niddle Cast, one of the
few heard in the COest since Dam among the fortunate with the Danternet. Dam therefore honored that LOctness! has
asked me to be the spokesman for my people. Ny duty is te present readers with an understanding of iddle
Eastern hunters — we call ourselveskismah —and the specific challenges se face. Chis collection is parttour guide
for the uninitiated and part resource te pool our insights. In essence, to create a communtty through solidarity and
anetacrh of alliances that allows us te share information, advice and resources.

ANE first, COttresst's request seemed smple, even easy. The more J detacl the hunt in the Middle Cast,
however, the more D realire that much more separates cur tere secceties. J cannot explain the hunt, cur Cord, cur
capabilities cr angthing else without a tutorial en cur culture and history. Even describing shat D believe ts simple
ts actually complicated, and for every question T ansier tage more arise te confound me.

Ty first dilemma is deciding what constitutes the borders of the so-called Widdle Cast. Vf rely on the
principles of language and call the Middle East the bastion of Arabic, then D exclude anc insult mg Vranian
brethren eho speak mostly Farse, or those in Mracl whe speak Hebrers. Chat of the Kurds or the Turkic trebes whe
use a variety of languages but are in every right Arabs as well?

Clearly, language is not the deciding facter, sede D classify the Middle East as these countries
following the Dslaméc faith? Ander these conditions, D have te include many African nations like Libya
and Sudan, ov counties te the west like Oakistan. lsc, what of Lebanon or Syria with their strong
Christian population, ov Hebren-predominant Usracl? LOhile Muslims are passionate followers of Vslam,
Deannet ignore Christians ot even Pewish kiswah whe valiantly fight alongside me. They areas much Arab
as Dand thus a part of the Middle East.

So, for myself, the Middle East encompasses a region that shares a common historical perspective and
geographic famclarity. U exclude Turkey because it has long fought for recognition asa Curcpean nation,
but include mention of Egypt because of cts influence ever Arab concerns. lew that that is dene, it is time
to explore the real roots of this endeavor: Arab hunters, cur concerns and cur enemies, all of which are
uniquely "Middle Eastern."

Se Dotruggle to compile this body of work with the help of ether Arab kisah. Some tales come to us through
stories, ethers we obtain or even participate in directly, but every single werd és an enterprise. We debate with our
stseatindark Baghdad coffee shops. Ce participate in trebalwardances witha lDedoutn family while confronting
nameless beasts in the Empty Quarter Ce fight other hunters whe follow a false prophet and we share salt witha
pious beast whe protects econ prom infidels. Each new tale or recounting V receive from fellow kiswat is like
reading anes adventure. Dwent inte this undertaking believing we were far-flung and isolated. U know now that
fate brings us close together and that we are a far stronger community for our commen straggle.

Through these testimences and pages, D believe my fellow chroniclers and D understand, appreciate and even
learn more about cur world and very roles each day. V meet brethren unknown to me before and discover our cause
crosses many borders, be they geographical or cultural. Once Tmight have frowned upon independent women, but
have since seen female kiswah fight with determination unknown among many men. Once D might have cgnored
forecgnersaslCestern barbarians, buthaveseen Hindu, American and (British hunters fight diligently te protect
expatriates and Arabs alike.

Unfortunately, Deannet say that everything tsmilh and honey, or that other héswah share my understanding
of different cultures. Oe Arabs are singularly individual as with anyone else, and fashioned by cur own

misconceptions. Thay net te judiyecr censor other contrchuters and tales hers, so thes complation naturally seveesas
fuel for ideological prcction. Like Westerners, we possess a varcety of theories and beliefs as te our origins, cur
benefactors and the monsters we hunt. Varain you that some veces are uglier than others; they've thinly disgucsed

excuses for barbarity. Again, however, V include all voices

Dn all, there isa joy among those she contrebute te thisswork. Our words live and they have an audience. Hace die,
wenc longer die alone, for eur vetces continue on through you. Our struggles anc all eur experiences are not in vaien
We, like you, lose family and friends because of our duties, see cur hemes fall, our lives shatter, our allies die and the
defenseless eecape without ever knowing ily. COe don't seek glory. Ce seek only the knowledge that we will not die
silently — that our struggle (our jihad) still echoes across this world.

First, Dicantte thank al--Amin208 and Fatoa243 sho improve the English efsome contributors and make this
simpler for me te compile. Dhnow many of us ould net sound as eloquent if they did not correct our contrilutions.
The greatest debt, though, goes to COitness!. D began this believing V did you the faver, but end owing you the debt.

Allah be praised for Ae has already lit your path inte Heaven.


THEMWIS®OM THATIBINGSENS

Throughout this text, we rely heavily upon the Gurah or chayters of the Koran for guidance. This is hardly

© Mrpidsing, given that 90%of Arabs are 7 \uslimand these she arenothnos enough aboutitte be informed. TheRorvan

unites most of the V7 iddle East under a common language, Arabic, and inspires us with a religion that has brothers

bn Christianity and Judaism. Ve serves as a binding force, so ct is hardly surprising that we rely upon its words given

eur uncertainty concerning our cum existence. (Ue alse give you these words se you tor understand cur intentions,
ambitions, hopes and reasons for being. VE is as much your guide inte cur hearts as our guide inte Allah's.

The Koran begins with: Tx the ame of Ullak, the Compassionate, the Mevotpul....Db is the most fitting

© beginning, Dhnow, forthe sores inctiate the reader inte a world of tolerance and understanding. Chis is important
fev we keswah, for without either quality, we cannct learn. COithout tolerance we lack patience and without
understanding we lack faith. Therefore, Hare connect learn, we cannot grow. Given our seeming youth and naivete
about our nature and place in thés world, ignorance is net a luxury we can easily afford. Ce are born inte oar, my
children, without generals and without fprontios. We have no choice but to learn. UE és the nature of cur struggle.

Tang of ng COestern brethren fault me for relying on the Koran se extensively. They say Decund like a fanatie,
butsince shen is faith a matter of fear and net celebration? Ve kismah callupen the Koran for strength and guidance
tna world that lacks these luxuries, COith each newly interpreted provers we alee gain footing, a historical relevance
foour cause and a greater sense ofourselves. Joumay not believe the words ofthe Prophet Wabammad, but V include
them because understanding them means understanding us. Chey prouide contert for her we see the hunt anc her we
pursue our duties. They are an intreduction te Telam's chosen and even te the nature of our opposition.

Finally, my critics say D use paragraphs from the Keran cut of contert, and they are correct, The Kieran, however,
hasiwiitten yearsafterthe JOrophet Nubammadsdeathandafter the deathethiscompanions he kepthis words alive
Hough discourseand prayer, (But we know that many paragraphs are cut ofsequence, duplicated elsearhereinthe Koran
srstanding alongside unrelated texts. The Koran isnotamere collection ofiwords, butagucde te the heart— accordingly
befits the interpretations of the heart. Tes my heart that D follow when D bring the Kevan to bear on cur calling.

CHOWE ARE

Gurah 2:1 [Che Cow]: Aliflam min. This Book isnet tebe doubled, Ttisa guide for the righteous, she have
faith in the unseen and are steadfast in prayer...

We faith ful — Christian, Pers or Muslim — believe that God knows alland sees all. Vslam says that all our
actions and deeds are maktub er "rite," and that only Allah reads from the book of fate and destiny. Thés
bran important facet ofan Arab's payche, for ct justifies our actions and course throughout life. I He knows our
life, our struggle, our death, then why worry about the inevitable? We concentrate on improving our condition,
Anowing we cannot hide from Aim. This truth atrips away pretense, liberates cur concerns and turns our focus
tnsard, on self-improvement. Beyond these "standard" interpretations, Valamée hunters embrace this precept
saith particular ferver. Wp ct is true, they reason, then is it not so that Allah foretells our eventual arrival within the
aanals of the Koran? Can we net reason that Allah, whe ts All Kinewing, imparts hidden messages and
testimonces within the Koran to gucde us?

Westerners look upon Dolan as a religion of strife, and the Koran as the cnstrument of war, but this is far from
the truth. Even in relation te our most feared werd, "jchad" (a word synonymous in the LOest with terrercem),
Mahammad proclaims — The best jihad és [peaking] a word of justice toa tyrannical ruler. Dolan teaches
_ tespect piety, convpassion, tolerance, fidelity and charity — all those seruices we provide askismah. Deo we fight
| monsters to hell beasts or to protect humantty? Ce hopefully fight to guard the helpless. Thus we follow the tenants

of Mslam in pursuit of our duty, COould ct not stand to reason, then, that the Koran holds someshere the lessons we

need te fulfil our obligations? This question strengthens many uslim hunters.
Gurah 36:1 [Fa' Sin]: Fa sin. Denear by the Wise Koran that you are sent upon a straight path.
Chis is revealed by the Mighty One, the Nereiful, so that gou may foresain a nation whe, because of thecr
fathers were not warned before them, live én heedlessness.
Che faithful kissah interpret this text te mean one of tse things. The more humble among us believe tt a lesson,
taying ies our duty to protect the fellaheen (the unaware people around ua) from monsters because we are they sho
© Allah foresorned. Another lot, more brash in their philosophies, believes this speaks directly of our kind. (Oe are the
frrecarning and the omen ef things te come. Ce alone can aduise our fathers and mothers of the evils plaguing then.
© While D advocate both interpretations, the latter carries the danger of elevating us te the status of self-
appointed prophets. Thcs isa true danger in Dalam, tn which the succession of prophets ov the choice of a nese corlizoh
[spiritual leader) is often the source of infighting and even heresy. Anderstand that Dalam is the hub of Middle
ae life, and interpretation of the JOrephet's words is a philosophical sport, The Koran unites us.asa book,
ence opened it divides our opinions and sets us at odds


Our CAUse

Surah 6:112 (Che Cattle}: Ce have placed in every city arch-transgressers who scheme within its walls, But
they scheme only against themselves, though they may not perceive it.

And.

Dn the Name of Allah, the Compassionate, the Meretpul...

Surah 36:7 (Ga! Sin]: This We whe witl resurrect the dead.

Pind...

Surah 4:78 [COomen]: .. Cut shen evil befalls them, they say: Vt mas our [Muhammad's] fault.'

Say to them: All is from God!

Le must never forget that everything livesby Allah's grace. There isnething He does nethner or cannot
de. This ts often a troubling thought for Arab hunters, for ef everything exists by AGis will, then whe are we te
question cur place in this world? LOhy are we even here tf Allah tells us never to dispute Kis methods? Can our
cause exist with this self-doubt? Eventually, many of uscomete cur enn decisions separately. This perhaps serves
te divide us in cur goals.

Some of us realire we are not the judges of monsters. Che supernatural exists and it alicays has because that is
the natural order of things (which we cannot fight anymore than we can revere the flow of the wind). Unstead of
judging, weare the protectors ef the fellaheen. Our cause shouldn't question whether creatureshavearightte exist,
but whether they should harm others.

Gome of our kind believe that evil survives only to winnes the faithful from the wiched. This ts a
dangerous undercurrent among Arab kiswah, for they envision their duties as far beyond protecting the
defenseless. They see themselves as full Vslaméc warriors fighting the incursion of the unfaithful, or morse the

"taint" of forecgn influence.

OurEnemg

Surah 72:1-15 [Che Pian]: Gag: Wis revealed tome that a band ef jinn listened te God's revelations and.
addi CD ohinvedensd n woreda Eotan giving gucdancete the right path. Ce believed initand shallhenceforth
serve none besides Our Cord..."

"Some of us are Nuslions and some are wrongdeers, These that embrace Dalam pursue the right path; but
those that de wrong shall become the fuel of Abell."

Western hunters question and debate the presence ef monsters, but it és enough for us te know that Ullah wills
their existence to understand how they came inte being. Anlike you in the LOest, we Arabs are close te the traditional
sects of our ancestors. Tales of the supernatural ate a part of us. Ce read the tales of the siand from the Koran ov
from folktales, because they carry the certainty of truth. These creatures are as true as cur ancestors are, (Ue knew
them before cur change.

Wealse knew thatnetall séanand monstersare evil. Like man, Allah gives them ears te hear His words
and the heart te follow His path. We therefore de not judge these creatures by appearance. We learn te
distinguish between the facthful and the heretics. We spare these whe pray te Allah regularly and whe offer
the alins tax, for He is meretful. COhile you may perceive your struggles te be against all monsters, we know
curwarisagainet these whe would harm the fellaheen. Dis cur respect for the akhirra (the supernatural) that
marks cur hunt prom gours. Remember:

Surah 2:190 [Che Cow]: Fight for the sake of Ged these that fight against you, bat de net attack them first.
Ged does not love the aggressors.

While this tenet admittedly proves difficult for our kind, many of us try net to kill wantonly these when ae
perceive as enemies. We must act with prudence, for Allah seeks warriors, not murderers. Ches belief alec applies
fo sparing children, women and men whe are often the hostages of wicked creatures. Dhope we knows better than using
them te gain the advantage, fer te de so rishs the fires of hell.

Unfortunately, not allofus are so moderate in our vices. (Oolitical hatred between the JOalestinian and
Rienists, for exanvple, sees ally and enemy defined en the greunds of nationality. D know of too many
fanatical hunters she wage wars againet their political adversaries, using the same heavy-handed techniques
that earn all Arabs the unface title of terrorist. Tt saddens me that some of cur brethren lend their abilities
te Herbollah or Hamas guerillas.

Surah 9:4 [Repentance]: Aoclaim a woeful punishment te the unbelievers, except to these idolaters who have
honered their treaties with youtn every detaland aided none against you. ith these keep facth, untiltherr treaties
have wun their term. Ged loves the righteous.


Again, we must avoid senseless and undirected violence. Wot ald monsters are our enemies and not all kisah

Bate alice, Ce must respect those whe respect us

a Gutad 54:1 [Che oon]: Let them be. The day the erier summons them te the dread account, they shall come
out from ther graves with downenst eyes, and tush towards him like sarming locusts. The unbelieuers will cry:
This is indeed a weeful day!

Ona day of unremitting woe, (Oe let loose upon them a howling wind which snatched them off like the trunks
cfuprocted palm-trees.

These Guraks (chapters) trouble me, for Tue heard these words before. AV walking ghost named Carpenter
recounted a similar tale, and spoke of an evil storm that splintered the lands of the spirits and allowed the dead to
return from theer graves. Some kiéswah ery: Wie és indeed true, then Allah's udgment is upon the world and.
aemust act accordingly in these final days. Y, however, believe me are Allah's munadi, his criers, whe demand
the dead te account for their actions. Uf that is true, some good may come of this storm yet.

Our TOOLS

Gurah 6:109 [Che Cattle]: They solemnly sient by Ged that if a sign be given them they mould believe én ét.
Gay: Signs are vouchsafed by God.

Ou Darfected are the words of your Lord in truth and justice. one can change His words.

A\ portion of cur inheritance is the ability to read and iavpart messages within kufie serépt, a flourish of word art
that adorns cur mosques and homes. The very fact that we alone can address and speak te one another through syinbols
hidden in hufie bespeaks of lkat's faith anc purpose in us. Abe gives us the means te protect our words and cur
identities from the unbelievers. Some faithful ask: Poukis istrue, then why canthe Pessand Christiansread these sords
aswdllMisbecause they too are the children of Him, the ence tiue God. Chey too are people cfthebook, and thes blessed
with the right to stand in JOnradise. ever forget that the Koran is net just for /Nuslins, ct is for those ashe listen.

We know that hufic code manifests only within the Widdle East and portions of northeast Africa. Mang
ofusbelieve this is because we Live in the cradle of the three moncthecstc religions, closest te the holy cities of Mecen
and Jerusalem. Our Cord is not the code you know; it is more complete and it carries cur thoughts throughout the
repion like the callte prayer Perhaps itis even the callte prayer that acts asthe source ef transmission. Regardless,
tome hiswal believe this means Cesterners are unfacthful because the code does not reach them. D believe that it has
little to de with personal faith and everything te de with the expression of belie}. Dou are not infidels or heretics, but
Vile believe Western society isuncompertable with the joyous celebration ofreligcon. Jour society ridicules belicfancd
hides it like a blemish. Thus, only a portion of your code exists because you worship God behind closed doors and in
hushed votces. Arabs, however, be we Christian, Muslim or Yew, trumpet our facth almost unanimously and earn
a greater understanding of the actual code

Gurak 2:239.240 [Che Cow]: Chen you are exposed to danger pray on foot or while riding; and when you are
sestored to safety remember lak, as Ze has taught you what you did net knows.

There to a practice called the a ee which ts necther an explicit concept of the Kieran nor ene that Gunné

Muslims use. Ut is a doctrine of the Druze and Shit Muslim asa means of protecting one's religious beliefs or

very tlentity tw a hostile environment. Che tagiyya states that should a belcever exist in a place that persecutes Acm
Porhesreligcousbelicts, then he may express his faith in private and is absolued from participating inthe pilgrimage
to econ ov prom fasting. Although this bothers Sunni kisah, mang of us understand the advantage of the
tagivga given how Ramadan diverts cur attention and energies through daytime fasting and dusk-to-dacn
feasting. As result, some Tslamic keswut practice the tagiyya and forege fasting te protect the fellaheen with all
their strength and resolve. The authorities hunt some of us for our actions, and it is difficult te leave eur country to
participate inthe pilgremage. To compensate for these unfortunate circumstances, many kisah such as myself offer
more alms tax te the poor or fast for a feu days in the month. Others, whe call the jihad the sixth pillar of Vslamic
faith, believe their very activities as Késsah compensates for thecr other duties. Vs with everything, however, this és
only proper in moderation. The jthad ts ne substitute for giving alins or prayer. Oe must balance cur duties as
huntersisith cur obligationste Ullah. Deannot say inishat measurements, though. Thatis foreach person te decide.

Surah 9:15 [Repentance]: Make waren them: God will chastise them at gour hands and humble them. Ke
will grant you victory ever them and heal the spiret of the facthful.

Many kiswah are understandably troubled by thecr gifts. Fes, we rely on cur facth far more than Western
society does, but some kisah wonder they themselves are actually scan, or if their gifts are Satan's craft te
deceive the righteous. D can only say that D believe my gifts are from Allad. 4. pives us these abilities te
Tchastise" and "humble" our enemies by cur can hands, COhéle some may be convinced that thers Lineage holds

| jinn blood, the fact vemacns that everything is ultimately Allah's design. The province of Cis will mandates our
gifts, even of there is something of the creatures withcn us


OurwEn®d

Surah 84:1 [Che Rending ]: hen the Sky isrentapart, obeying her Lord in true submission; when the earth
expands and casts out all that is within her and becomes ee obeging her Lord in true submession; then, Oman,

whe laber constantly te meet your Lord, shall you mect

Drephets and sagesinallreligions foretell the end, and in each legend and destruction myth the singular
truth emerges that it és the will of the singular Ged. Uf this és true, many of us wonder why fight since thes
world's evils donot truly control the course ofhuman destiny? In the end, Allah judges and Allah decrees.
After all, does Allah net proclaim in Surah 29:7 [The Spider | AGe that feghts for God's cause fights for
himself. God needs no man's help ? Truc, but what Western hunters should realire about us ts that the
Keoran's passages are never an invitation te idleness. They are warnings never to doubt His power or His
word. We know that Allah demands me account for our actions en the day ef judgment. Ce fight net because
we believe Allah ignores er forgets us. Oe fight as Kies instruments to prove ourselves te Abi and to provide
an example for the unfaithful.

Ges, we know of the end. We will die. The world will vanish and the righteous will ascend inte
Poradise. We do not refute this inevitability. Qur quest isnetin the resolution, but the journey itself. Thes
Gs our proving ground. (Ue should never measure our Lives by our destinations, but by the roads we choose.
ZOU Allah judye the man by his vehes ot how he became rich? (cll Allah judge the man by hes
knowledge ov by how he acquired that knowledge? Ge it is with us as well, and when the reckoning comes,
Allah will not ask how many monsters we have slain ot how many fellaheen we have saved. Ne, Albak
judges us according te eur conduct aleng the way.

Arad the following i perhaps the trucst reason why we fight. Te understand a Maslio, you must knoe thes
lesson. Tb is perhaps the only one you need discern.

Surah 4:74 [COomen]: Let those whe would exchange the life of this werld for the hereafter, fight for the cause
of God; whoever fights for the cause of Ged, whether he dies or triumphs, (Oe shall richly reward him.


By Musrara Basnin AND Lucien SOULBAN


Creonrs

Authors: Mustafa Bashir and Lucien Soulban. World of
Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen.

Storyteller Game System Design: Mark Rein*® Hagen.
Developer: Ken Cliffe

Editor: Michelle Lyons

Hunter Roster Manager: John Meehan

Art Director: Pauline Benney

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mike Chaney, Steve Ellis, Brian LeBlanc
and Steve Prescott

Front Cover Art: Durwin Talon

Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

WarrsWotr Hockey Spzcint T Hants

Chad "Give a Hoot" Brown (#1

ing every near goal.

14, Wing), for announe-

Brian "Most Improved" Glass (#84, Goal), for intro-
ducing Batman to street hockey.

Matt "Jamoca" Milberger (#7, Wing), for being the
most likely to toss up Arby's in the middle of a game.
Rich "Hanson" Thomas (#13, Defense), for stamping
out the co-ed part of co-ed hockey.

Mike "Two-Way" Tinney (411, Wing), for becoming
the Jack of all Positions.

Fred "Moonlighting" Yelk (#56, Defense), for being

the most likely to miss a game due to an open house.

TwoutD UKE YO RPOLOGHE

A wonderful artist named Eirich Olson appeared in
Hunter Players Guide. He was, unfortunately, not listed
in the credits. We are very sorry Eirich. Thank you for
your hard work and understanding.

735 PARK NORTH BLYD. © 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights resers
a Reproduction without the written permission of the publish

b SUITE 128 expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, an
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal

CLARKSTON, GA 30021 only. White Wolf, Hunter the Reckoning, Vampire and World
ist of Darkness are registered trademarks of Whire Wolf Publishingy

Inc. All rights reserved. Hunter Storytellers Companion, Hunter

PUBLISHING

Hunter Book Avenger, Hunter Book Defender, Hunter Book:

} Hermit, Hunter Book Innocent, Hunter Book Judge, Hunter Book Martyr, Hunter Book Redeemer, Hunter
Book Visionary, Hunter Players Guide, Hunter Holy Warand Year of the Scarab are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by Whit

Survival Guide, Hunter the Walking Dead, Hunter cre

} Wolf Publi ing, Inc.

s the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elet
intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. oa
discretion is
Fora
Check Wolf online at
€-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.


Taste oF Conrenrs
Currency sHove
Cure 2:By His Bacar
Currn3:T ocacuHts Gers
Curr: Broveensey Yinrur
Caarren5:Auiay's Saivanr's
Garren: Brave New Wont



Does There not pass over man a space of time when his

life isa blank?

We have created man from the union of the two sexes,
so that We may put him to the proof. We have endowed him
with hearing and sightand, be he thankful or oblivious of Our
favors, We have shown him the right path

The Koran, Surah: 76:1 [Man]

When Allah speaks, how can you not listen?
My world is hours away from dying and I am its
executioner, Asa Muslim, I have always believed that my life
swas predetermined by Allah's will. He knows all men's lives,
from their greatest accomplishments to their greatest failings

allat the moment of their birth. Itis muktub. ... so itis written,
Yet, I cannot help but wonder why Allah chose me for this
duty. Surely there are men holier than I? Worthier perhaps?
Twonder what is written in the annals of my destiny. I wonder
iflembark upon the final chapter of my brief saga as one of
Allah's kiswah — that black cloth that covers and protects the
greatest shrine and comerstone of Allah' s throne, the Kabba,
and from which we take our name

A thin dagger of desert sun pierced the barricaded
window of the abandoned home, lighting its worn
interior. The filtered twilight swelled with the unmis-
falable orange hue of an impending sandstorm. This
served the two men inside the home well, for the storm
would cover their passage across the hard Negev Desert.

The first man was Fadi Majeed, a wiry, desert-
browned veteran ofhardship. His peppered hair thinned
on top and his face was a patch of rough stubble. His
eyes were mired in thought, and he didn't see Yusif
studying him casually. When he finally noticed, Majeed
cursed himself for looking so distracted and returned
to cleaning his rifle.

Yusif also bore his experiences proudly, from his
hard-edged mouth to his bushy mustache. Yusif's jut-
ting brow cast his eyes in shadow, and an ugly rope of
hard skin starting at his cheek crossed his nose and
ended above his left eye. The scar nearly split his face
and restricted his expressions through tightened skin.
Still, itwas testament to Yusif's skill in evading death on
many occasions. The scar was simply a trophy now.

Majeed saw Yusif put his weapon down on the rugand
stand, but Majeed tried to remain occupied with cleaning
his gun, now stripped into a dozen pieces and scattered
across an oily rag. The weapon looked far from menacing,
but come tonight it would sing a chorus of bullets.

"{ spoke to Alii," Yusif said. He paused, waiting, but
Majeed did not respond. "He says the Syrians are
receiving another shipment. He can sell us some spare
parts, but the cost will be much higher this time.
Someone's killing off his Beirut suppliers." Yusif paused
again, but only silence greeted him. "Do you need
anything for your gun?" he finally asked

Majeed simply shook his head and remained intent
on cleaning.

"Fadi," Yusif proceeded, "You look nervous. You
aren't worried about tonight, are you?"

Yusif had been like Majeed's older brother since
both their parents died in a massacre at a refugee camp


HUNTERHOLY WAR

over a decade ago. His question was meant in jest, but
it stung Majeed a thousand different ways. Yusif's words
shamed him for more reasons than Majeed cared to
admit or share. Majeed shook his head in response,
fearing his tongue would betray his heart. He concen-
trated on his rifle. Yusif sat down beside him and
embraced him around the shoulder with one arm.

"This is no different than before," Yusif said. "To-
night we avenge the death of a child. We show these
monsters that they cannot act with impunity. We are
Allah's retribution. We are His Qadi, His judges and His
executioners. Blood demands blood."

"I know," Majeed finally sighed. "I just pray it
won't be like that farming settlement," he said braving
a lie. "You nearly died."

Yusif nodded grimly but added nothing to fill the
awkward moment. "It's nearly prayer time," Yusif said.
He paused again. "I won't abandon you, little brother,"
he added before returning to his corner of the shack.

Majeed was grateful for the respite and the chance
at self-reflection. He did not normally indulge himself
with personal thoughts and memories like this before a
mission, but tonight was different.

1 look at Yusif and wonder what his change was like. I
donoteven know when ithappened. Was he always like this?
Or did this happen recently? I only know when 1 became
kiswah, what I've heard Westerners call "hunters."

I was praying at a mosque, thanking Allah for a great gift,
when the kufic script around me erupted into new meaning. To
most people, script is word art, passages from the Koran written
inbroad flourishes, angular lines and even maze-like designs. To
the uneducated it is an explosion of pattem. To Muslims, it is
the Koran in beautiful bloom. To the kiswah, itis Allah's word
anda means of communicating with others of our kind. That is
how I first came to know I was a "hunter." Words within the
intricate script emerged, shifted and danced within the patterns
I simply understood, and then I realized: To my left, a Sudanese
kiswah did not pray. He sought guidance in fighting a jackal-
beast. On my right, an Iragi announced his victory over ajinn.
Before me, the script announced:

I did as instructed, no longer in command of my actions.
My world shattered like glass.
‘And now, what seems like an etemity later, I stand in
this squalid shack with Yusif, my "older brother," and I
wonder what he thinks, if he knows what has become of me.
* . *

Yusif smiled and enjoyed the warm sunset against
his skin. The storm would soon claim the desert. And
soon Yusif would know for certain about Majeed, though
he had his suspicions. He need only to look at his
younger brother to see the weight of the truth in his
posture. Majeed sat there distracted, unwilling to meet
his gaze and speaking in only short sentences. He
cleaned his gun, but Yusif noticed Majeed had been
cleaning the same piece for the last hour.

Yusif shook his head and prepared his own weapon
for the desert by wrapping plastic bags and electric tape
around it. The covering would keep the sand out until
Yusif opened fire and punctured the plastic. Still, he
found his gaze wandering back to Majeed, who contin-
ued cleaning. Tonight would tell the truth, Yusif knew
— if Majeed had betrayed them as Ali had claimed.
Yusif put his gun down and stood.

"I spoke to Ali," Yusif said. He paused, waiting, but
Majeed said nothing. Yusif bit his tongue. After the
assault against the monsters in the farming community,
Yusif was injured terribly and spent weeks recovering
from his wounds. It was perhaps the closest he'd come to
death. Shortly afterward, he heard reports through his
network of allies that someone was betraying their cause.
A cell operating in the town of Arnoun was destroyed.
Yusif and his allies knew winged snakes were behind the
attack, but now they struck with pinpoint precision and
deadly timing. They struck with foreknowledge. One of
Yusif's own was a traitor. No one knew who until Ali
approached Yusif with his suspicions

"He says the Syrians are receiving another ship-
ment," Yusif continued, hoping to draw any response
from Majeed. "He can sell us some spare parts, but the cost
will be much higher this time. Someone's killing off his
Beirut suppliers." Yusif paused again, trying desperately
to read Majeed's expression. Majeed refused eye contact,
which made it difficult for Yusif to determine his guilt.

Aliwas among the best weapons dealers in Lebanon,
if not the western Arab countries. Ali also led Yusif's
cause. It was he who discovered that the traitor lay near
to Yusif's own heart. [twas Ali whoaccused Majeed. Yusif
wouldn't hear the accusation, butit left the bitter taste of
truth. Ever since the attack on the farming community,
Majeed was distant and sullen. Majeed argued with their
direction and how they treated the enemy. He ques-
tioned the need for righteous violence. That was enough
tocondemn Majeed in the eyes of his fellows. Ali ordered
Yusif to administer the final test of loyalty.

"Do you need anything for your gun?" Yusif finally
asked, trying a new line of interrogation without reveal-
ing his true intentions. Majeed shook his head and
remained intent on his cleaning.

"Fadi," Yusif proceeded, "You look nervous. You
aren't worried about tonight, are you?" Yusif pushed the
concerned brother gambit, a trick that had worked in the
past under less dire situations. Perhaps Majeed would
respond to kindness where bitter denunciation and guilt
might fail. Again Majeed shook his head, but Yusif could
see he had struck a nerve by the way his brother furrowed
his brow. He seized the opportunity and sat down next to
Majeed, embracing him about the shoulders with one
arm. "This is no different than before," Yusif offered.
"Tonight we avenge the death of a child. We show these
monsters that they cannot act with impunity. We are
Allah's retribution. We are His Qadi, His judges and His

executioners. Blood demands blood."


"{ know," Majeed finally sighed.

Yusif was elated momentarily. Perhaps he'd finally
broken through. He wanted to believe his younger
brother was not the betrayer. Tonight was his final test
of loyalty. He was to kill a winged snake in the desert,
to prove his worth to the cause. If he could not, then
Yusif would know for certain that he had indeed be-
trayed them all to the enemy.

"Jjustpray it won't be like that farmingsettlement,"
Majeed continued. "You nearly died." Majeed stared at
Yusifs scar, unable to meet the other man's gaze. Yusif
saw through the lie and nodded grimly. His moment of
hope passed. Majeed had lied about many things, and if
he could now lie to Yusif, after all they'd been through,
then he couldn't be trusted.

"Ie's nearly prayer time," Yusif said, "I won't aban-
don you little brother." Yusif's path was clear to him
now. He would administer the test tonight, but Majeed
would fail and Yusif would kill him. He would tell Ali,
however, that Majeed died for the cause and his virtue:
He wouldn't sully his younger brother's name even
though Majeed had already done so. Yusif stood up 4
returned to his comer of the shack, his heart heavy

the realization. Both men remained silent.

Itissaid, "Allah knows all, so pursue your actions to their
greatest conclusion, for itis already written." My actions are
clear but no less easy. Should I be honored that He demands

this duty of me? While I hear many of my brethren are at peace
knowing their actions are preordained and thus fate, I find no
solace in this. Were lable to look upon my choices and not take
responsibility for them, I would be less a man.

T remember studying Muhammad' s first meeting with
the Angel Jibril, in the caves. Thrice the Angel squeezed
Muhammad about the ribs and thrice demanded he submit.
Only when Muhammad stopped questioning Jibril, and
finally submitted, did Allah's wisdom fill his ears. That is
Islam, the way of submission to Allah's word. My duty isn't
todeafen and blind myself with fate. My duty is to obey Him
in the way I know is right

The evening sandstorm overtook the desert quickly,
turning night's imperial colors into a muddy swirl of
browns and oranges. Majeed and Yusif, their faces covered,
shouldered their burdensand thestorm quietly and plunged
into its heart. They crested low-breast dunes and shallow
valleys with their legs trapped calf-deep in sand until they
finally found a rock outcropping. Majeed was glad to pull
his feet from the soft sand. He rested against a boulder and
felt the ache in his legs subside to a dull throb. Yusif, bom
more to the wills of the desert, climbed skillfully up the
outcropping's slope. He returned a minute later.

"We're here," Yusif announced. Without missing a
beat, he scaled the rocks again and vanished. Majeed
remained, distracted by the errant thoughts plaguing him
these last few weeks. He tired of hunting and killing. He
tired of all the bloodshed. And yet tonight was the blade


that would cleave his life into two very distinct paths.
The first was the one he knew for months now. He would
continue slaying monsters like the winged snakes that his
older brother despised so much. He would throw himself
into the cause with blind abandon, killing until killed.
The other path was of reconciliation — and betrayal. It
meant abandoning everything and everyone he loved,
and bargaining with the enemy.

Majeed sat there fora long minute, not knowing his
path and not knowing that Yusif sat above him, study-
ing his younger brother carefully. Yusif sensed the
turmoil raging within Majeed. Tonight was already
decided and now rested in the hands of destiny.

Majeed finally willed himself to move. Whatever
answer he sought, it rested at the top of this stone.

Yusif took up a position between two large rocks
that protected both men from the wind and sand.
Majeed sat down heavily and took in the surroundings.
They were over three dozen feet about the desert floor,
with a commanding view of the terrain around them.
Only the storm limited the breadth of their scope.

"There," Yusif pointed and drew an imaginary line
across the desert below them. Majeed saw the faint trace of
aroad under the moving sands and nodded. Instinctively,
he pulled out his rifle from his worn duffel bag. He swiveled
and came to rest on his stomach, the gun's image-enhanc-
ing, hooded scope to his right eye. The desert blossomed
into artificial green with a red dot marking dead center.

It took Majeed a second to realize he was preparing
to kill once more, with little thought to his actions. "Is
this all lam?" he wondered silently. "Does submission to
Allah preclude guilt or doubt?"

"Do you see anything?" Yusif asked. Majeed was
nearly silenced by shame and shook his head, then
added: "We'll have to wait." He did not see Yusif's grip
tighten around his own gun. He did not read Yusif's
expression as the older brother screamed the thought,
"Do not fail me. I have no wish to kill you."

* * *

The sandstorm continued her angry dance across
the Negev, silencing the world with her howl and
blinding it with her skirt of biting wind. Majeed, staring
through his Russian-made scope, finally spotted the
winged snakes moving through the desert, long before
Yusif saw or heard them. Now was the time. He had few
seconds to make his final decision: left or right, rebirth
or betrayal. Either decision was a baptism in blood.

Majeed turned away from the scope to look at Yusif.
"The Egyptian Bedu," he said tentatively, "believe that
dust devils and blowing sands mark the passage of jinni.
If that's true, this sandstorm must surely be the wake
from the dragon of all beasts."

"What the hell are you talking about?" Yusif insisted.

Majeed recognized his older brother's apprehen-
sion by how he gripped his weapon, turning his knuckles
white. "So," Majeed thought calmly, "he no longer
trusts me. At least I'm not alone in deceit."

Majeed tumed back to his weapon. "I see the monsters."

Yusif followed the barrel's line of sight to the
approaching target. Suddenly the deep thrum of an
engine cut through the sandstorm.

Majeed stared at his target. The so-called monste1
a pair of Israeli soldiers driving a jeep. He could clearly
see the wings of the Sayeret Tzanhanim — the Winged
Snakes, Israel's elite paratroopers — stitched on their
sleeves. This was Yusif's enemy.

"There!" Yusif hissed. "There are the Zionist mon-
sters who killed our children."

Majeed stared silently, his aiming dot focused on the
chest of the driver, his finger resting lightly on the trigger.

"told youthey'dbe here... shoot them," Yusif urged.

Majeed hesitated. If he pulled the trigger, he would
remain a warrior for the intifada, the resistance to drive
the Israelis from Palestinian lands. There was a terrible
price for making that decision: his soul. Yet, ifhe didn't,
he became a warrior of a different kind, one whose war
superceded border and even religion. It was a war whose
sole general was Allah, and whose enemies hid in
shadows. It demanded a cruel price, as well.

Now was the time of reckoning. Yusif sensed it, too.
He pointed his gun at Majeed.

Majeed brought his head away from the scope. "I'm
sorry," he said. "I will not." Yusif gritted his teeth and was
about to pull the trigger, but Majeed was quicker. Divin-

ity surged through Majeed's body and erupted in brilliant

light like the sun. Yusif screamed and fired wildly.
* * *

I never killed my first monster, the one praying at the
mosque, because | didn't know how. It became easier...
later, after I learned. The kufic script spoke and related a
wealth of information to any kiswah who would read it, but
1 always believed this was for Muslims alone.

One day, I braved my first words and greeted all my
brethren through the script. They welcomed me with open
arms and we shared our pain as brothers. I even befriended
another soldier who understood my torment for betraying my
cause. He taught me to communicate for the benefit of one
person alone and not to make each message a proclamation.
What a twist of irony when I learned he was Israeli and not
the good Muslim I thought him to be

The two soldiers were at the far side of rock
outcropping. The burst of light and the brief staccato
of gunfire drew their attention, despite the storm. The
lieutenant climbed while his partner, the jeep's driver,
covered him.

Above, Majeed kept Yusif under the watchful muzzle
of his rifle. Yusif lay stunned and bleeding profusely
from a chest wound, but he possessed enough rancor to
spit Majeed an angry look.

"Traitor," Yusif hissed. "You'd betray your own
brother to the Israelis?"

"Never," Majeed said soutly. "You betrayed your-
self. You betrayed me."


"No! You've always been my brother, my own heart.
Iprotected you... saved you. I was your father and your
friend. How could you betray your cause to these snakes?"

‘Youshowed me how tofight. But1nolongerfight the
same war. This new war demands we become enemies.

"What new war?" Yusif demanded, wincing from
pain." What cause makes youspill your brother's blood?"

"L asked myself that many times Yusif, and could
find no answer. I still can't, so I ask you."

"You're rambling, Majeed," Yusif laughed. "Quit
telling children's riddles and answer me like a man."

"Icannot!" Majeed shouted, "not without knowing
why you betrayed me."

"Whatare you talking about?" Yusif screamed, then
collapsed back in pain.

"A few months ago, when we attacked that farm,
you nearly... you should have died. That explosion.....
But you didn't die. You recovered faster than anyone
anticipated. At first, I was grateful. Remember? We
both went to the mosque to thank Allah for sparing you.
That'swhen Allah showed me other things. He showed
me that I was fighting the wrong war. He showed me
that I faced greater enemies, real monsters. He forced
Me to turn and face you, to see you as you truly were."

Yusif's eyes widened, but he bit his tongue. Majeed
caught the look and nodded.

"That's right," Majeed continued, "I know about
the House of Abominations. | know there are monsters
andtheyare not the Israelis. More so my brother, know
you're their minion."

"You know nothing," Yusif rasped.

"[ know you are stronger than a man should be. I
Know you've survived because you feed from the blood
of monsters. I believed you a man of iron for escaping
andsurviving all those hardships, but it wasn't true. You
Were simply an emissary of shadows. I... I no longer
Know you," Majeed admitted.

"Damn you!" Yusif howled. "You know me... you
| alwayshave! The ones I deal with aren't the monsters.
They'te devout Muslims, like you and I. They want the
Israelis out of Palestine. They want to return Jerusalem
tolslam. They support the intifada. The Zionists are
the true monsters."

"T may dislike — even hate — the Israelis," Majeed
responded, "but I've seen real monsters, Yusif. I've smelt
their unholy breath and seen them scurry like rats from.
Allah's power. If you were pure, my gifts wouldn't have

F blinded you and made you miss me. You're becoming one
of them and it won't be long before Ali turns you into a
monsterlike himself. Then you'll be lost to Allah forever."

The clatter of rocks alerted the pair to the presence
Of the Israeli lieutenant. He was a middle-aged man
with chiseled looks, a hardened body and bearded face.

With a gun trained on the two, he yelled down to the
driver, "Wait there."

There was a flicker of recognition between Majeed
and the lieutenant.

"T'msorry, Yusif," Majeed said, "but you knew about
this patrol because | arranged it. This was my trap, not
yours. | was hoping to catch Ali or the other tainted, but
instead they forced me to confront you."

"So you did betray the cause," Yusif spat weakly,
eyeing the soldier.

"No, I never betrayed my cause."

"But these bastards... they're just... using you."
Yusif hissed, his voice weakening against the storm.

"So did you. And Ali used you. I haven't betrayed
the dream of saving Palestine, but I won't trade one
master for another. I'm sorry my brother, but I had to
save your soul. Now I know Ali is your master. I know
my enemies... and know my allies." Majeed glanced at
the lieutenant.

Yusif's eyes fluttered and finally closed. Majeed sat
silently, praying.

"I'm sorry," the lieutenant finally offered.

"It's small conciliation, Israeli," Majeed responded
bitterly. "I betrayed my brother for a cause I barely under-
stand. For an enemy whose sight I can barely stomach."

"T''ve betrayed my country, too," the lieutenant shot
back. "Because of you, I've been using the Winged
Snakes to fighting my battles. A dozen men are dead
because of my actions against the monsters. I've even
shed Israeli blood. All because | followed your advice
and attacked your targets."

"Then we are both cursed. Atleast you havea home
tonight. I have nothing but the desert and the clothes
on my back.

The lieutenant fished through a pocket and pro-
duced a Lebanese passport that bulged slightly with a
wad of American hundreds. "Here," the soldier yelled
against the growing wind, "You can go anywhere from
there, but I suggest you vanish. Contact me when you
find a place to settle and I'll help you meet Christian or
Druze hunters. They won't try tokill you if they discover
who you are."

Majeed looked at the money and nodded in appre-
ciation. The lieutenant turned to leave, but Majeed
called after him. "Israeli, | am curious about thing —
something we've never discussed. How did you respond
to me in the mosques? I thought only Muslims could
read Allah's script?"

"T can read it as well," the lieutenant admitted.
"Don't ask me how or why, but I can. I don't believe in
your God, Arab, but I wish he'd stop talking to me."

Majeed nodded grimly and thought, When Allah
speaks, you cannot help but listen.



It was to manifest the Truth that We created the heavens
and the earth and all that lies between them; We created
them to last for an appointed term

The Koran, Surah: 46:2 [The Sand Dunes]

Mention the Middle Eastand the imagination clashes
with images derived from pop media. Arabs are the
camel-riding knights of Persian fairy tales or suicidal
terrorists who plague Western sensibilities. They're the
height of chivalry or the basest of killers. They're the
most pious of sages or maniacal of fanatics. Entertain-
ment mediums paint Arabs in sharp contrasts, because
their conceived fame and notoriety encompass two soli-
tary periods in Arab history: Islam's Golden Age, when
the religion stretched from Moorish Spain to India's
Pindus Range, and the Oil Age, when Islam controlled
global trends on the value of crude. This sourcebook deals
with those aspects of Arab culture, life and history that
have somehow slipped through time's crack

Hunter: Holy War explores the Middle East from
the point of Arab imbued, meaning that it is a street-
level look at 14 countries and the religions, languages,
history and terrain that bind them. Itis this set of factors
that qualifies the Middle East as a unique and strange
beast to the uninitiated. This sourcebook, however,
hopes to illuminate a culture through the eyes of every-
day people who find themselves in unique circumstances.
While certain stereotypes are inevitable, the majority
of imbued presented herein are surprisingly similar to
people all over the world.

This book is a resource for both players and Story-
tellers, with exception to the last chapter. Chapter 6 is

exclusively the Storyteller' since it deals with. the
mechanics involved in running uniquely Middle E
ern hunters. At the heart of Hunter: Holy War is an
exploration of the unknown that runs deeper than that
theme is touched on in other Hunter supplements. By
reading Chapter 6, players threaten to demystify stories
set in the Middle East. Leave the number crunching to
the Storyteller and simply enjoy the ride

PURPOSE

Hunter: Holy War serves players and Storytellers
alike in a completely unique way for a Hunter book.
The imbuing has already been established as an inter-
national, and thus multicultural, phenomenon. Despite
the grandiose stage set against the world's backdrop,
however, the imbuing always returns to the funda-
mental struggle of one person against a seeming industry
of inhuman opposition. To portray that person, be she
a player's character or a Storyteller's creation, that
individual's cultural mores and outlooks must play a
part. They dictate how the hunter carries out her
duties given her surroundings and how she views
herself. Culture even influences how her imbuing
manifests or how her edges mimic local folklore, my-
thology, beliefs and religions. It's as if hunters are
chosen and empowered in terms that they might
understand, based on who and what they were before


being imbued. The Heralds enhance people in ways
that the imbued can grasp thanks to their own experi-
ences — and limitations. To understand a hunter, we
must therefore understand her culture. To understand
a culture, we must understand its religion.

Perhaps this understanding of hunters through their
origins is doubly important in the Middle East. It is the
birthplace of three different major religions. It possesses
acultural structure that captures the fancy of writers and
travelers worldwide. It is a crossroads that has distrib-
uted hundreds of civilizations and empires to different
reaches of the world, and it has seen some of history's
greatest federations rise and fall.

Regardless of the far-reaching effects the area has
had on the world, however, people still understand
very little about the Middle East. It appears to be a
political bog that seemingly drowns reason and swal-
lows logic. It is a land of stereotypes where thousands
of fervent commuters drive around with explosives in
their backseats, or who strike oil while pitching
tents. Hunter: Holy War hopes to overcome these
unfortunate perceptions while retaining the Middle
East's exotic flavor.

The Middle East's true wealth lies in its history and
diverse cultures. This book draws upon the region's rich
tapestry to create characters and to fuel entire chronicles.
Beyond adding another stitch to the international flag,
this resource shows how the unique nature of Arabs and
Islam opens new facets to the hunt and reveals some
potential secrets found nowhere else in the world.
Storytellers can feature stories and chronicles set in the
region or can introduce visiting Arab hunters to far-
flung, established settings. Players can create Middle
Eastern hunters with an understanding of their culture,
as residents of Arab nations or as émigrés. And this book
serves asa guide for foreign hunters planning to visit the
area, with an overview of uniquely Arab outlooks,
traditions and obstacles.

Hunters are not a solely North American or West-
em phenomenon. Networks of information interconnect
worldwide society on multiple levels. Instead of forcing
hunters to visit the mountain, technology brings the
mountain to hunters. This also means the world is no
longer silent. The Internet ensures that many imbued
have voices. Now it is simply a matter of understanding
everyone's language. Hunter: Holy War is the Rosetta
Stone of the Arab hunter's world.

How ro Use Tus Book

Hunter: Holy War falls into six distinct chapters
The last chapter is for the Storyteller's eyes alone, with
rules and tools for simplifying uniquely Middle Eastern
hunter concepts.

Chapter 1: In Allah's Home begins the tour of the
Middle East by discussing the different cultures through-
out the region, along with a guide of the major countries
from the viewpoint of local imbued.

Chapter 2: By His Breath discusses how Arab
hunters see their origins against the context of Islam,
and how their beliefs differ according to their interpre-
tations of the Koran.

Chapter 3: To Each His Gifts covers the specifics
of the hunt itself, from the moment an Arab is chosen
recognize the supernatural to the manner in which they
contend with such beings.

Chapter 4: Brothers by Virtue explores the mindset
of Middle Eastern hunters, discussing their views of
themselves and others against local and international
contexts, and seeks to divine the ultimate purpose and
fate of all.

Chapter 5: Allah's Servants presents the mechan-
ics to help players generate uniquely Middle Eastern
hunters based on information established in the preced-
ing four chapters.

Chapter 6: A Brave New World is strictly for the
Storyteller, detailing rules and systems for running a
Middle East-oriented Hunter game.

Source Mareriat

The Middle East is an admittedly labyrinthine — if
not intimidating — subject to tackle given the com-
plexity of its internal mechanisms. Hunter: Holy War
isa distilled primer into the region that doesn't rely on
archetypical (and sensationalist) terrorist movies such
as Navy Seals or True Lies. Unfortunately, the Middle
East and horror are rarely two subjects that are inter-
twined. The region's geopolitical situation — and even
the strength of its natural resources — play greater roles
in contemporary fiction than in horror.

Civerarure

The majority of Middle Eastern books listed herein
are research-oriented and have nothing to do with
fiction. While this may seem dry, these works present
valuable insight into history, cultural mindsets and the
effects of the 20th Century on the Arab psyche.

© The Koran is the voice of the Muslim people and
the impetus behind many of their actions. Understand-
ing the Koran is often the first step in understanding
Muslim Arabs and the roots of their struggle.

¢ Arab Folktales (translated and edited by Iner
Bushnaq) offers traditional Islamic tales from across the
Middle East without relying on the popularized One
Thousand and One Nights brand of storytelling. Most
interesting are the anecdotes scattered throughout con-
cerning the role of storytellers and the importance of
tales on Bedouin society. These stories are more alle-
gorical and far less magical than One Thousand Nights,
but they do contain mention of the supernatural and its
influences on everyday people.

* The Arab Mind by Ralph Patai. Although dated
since its release in the 1960s, this book still offers key
observations into the Arab frame of reference and
experience. It is a great primer concerning the Middle


East's common man in relation to the Koran, history
and contemporary politics.

* Aramco and its World, by Paul Lunde and John
A. Sabini, focuses primarily on the history of Saudi
Arabia, material of cultural relevance to Islam, and on
the history of her oil-mining operations. "Aramco"
actually stands for The Arabian American Oil Com-
pany and is a chief employer of American and British
expatriates (and their families) working along Arabia's
eastern coastline.

Fabled Cities, Princes & Jinn by Khairat al-Saleh.
Like Arab Folktales, this book offers a wealth of stories
and background outside the already common stable of
Arabian tales. Even more impressive is that it covers
myths of supernatural beings and magic from pre-Is-
lamic folklore (a difficult feat given that little survived
the Islamic purge of "pagan" thought and idolatry from
that period).

* A History of the Arab Peoples by Albert Hourani
This is one of the bibles of Middle Eastern studies, with
a wealth of information on the post-Islamic world.

© Islam: The Straight Path, by John L. Esposito,
presents an excellent and easy-to-read overview on
Islam itself, including its chief tenets, the major fac-
tions, Islamic thought and obligation, and its history,

* Jihad: The Origin of Holy War in Islam, by Reuven
Firestone, dismisses the accepted Western version of
jihad as simply meaning war. He studies the phenomena
of the jihad (struggle) in the context of Muhammad's
teachings and as a means to triumph over personal
adversity. He brings reason back to the word and offers
it in conjunction to compassion and integrity.

* The Middle East by Bernard Lewis. Another tome of
work on the Arab people, it details the Middle East
beautifully as both a historical and cultural phenomenon.

* The World's Most Dangerous Places by Robert
Young Pelton. A fun and insightful romp into the
world's nastier hotspots, this book offers interesting
information on regional terrorist groups, drug cartels
and ruling despots

* Yamani: The Inside Story by Jeffrey Robinson
While this may appear an unusual selection, this semi-
autobiography of Saudi Arabia's former chief and savvy

oil minister Zaki Yamani does offer insight into the
power of oil as a weapon and its unmistakable influence
on Middle Easterners.

Fruws

Good movies about the Middle East are difficult to
find unless they deal with Egyptian relics or terrorist
groups. The fact is there are few Western films that treat
the Middle East in a non-partisan or non-homogenized
fashion. They cast Arabs as the threat, as the backdrop
for scenes or as dopey sidekicks to valiant Westerners
trying to protect silly Arabs from mystical dangers they
obviously can't handle.

For an accurate visual reference to the Middle East,
go to any major video rental chain and check out their
Documentary section, or watch the Discovery Channel
or TLC. There is far more to gain from these educa-
tional films than relying on True Lies, Executive Decision,
or Navy Seals. Movies such as The Mummy, Raiders of the
Lost Ark, and Three Kings do offer some glimpses into
the Arab world, but offer very little in the way of
exploring its cultures. While this is also true of Indiana
Jones and the Last Crusade and (shudder) Mortal Kombat
2, these two movies are noteworthy if only because they
offer glimpses of breathtaking Petra, the ancient
Nabataean city carved into Jordan's mountains. Oddly
enough, Malcolm X contains a significant segment on
the man's travels through the Middle East as a Muslim.
It offers some rare shots of the sacred Ka'bah and Mecca.

Of Western films, the ones that earn some distinc-
tion for their portrayal of Arabs include The Siege and
Lawrence of Arabia. The former deals with the threat
of terrorism on American soil. While panned by cer-
tain Arab groups, it does stress the point that terrorism
is an embarrassing and minor segment of the Middle
East. Lawrence of Arabia is a perhaps the pick of the
litter and an excellent look into the formation of
Saudi Arabia and the efforts of T.E. Lawrence to hold
the British to their promises.

True adventurers can always visit local Arab video
stores and rent some of the higher production flicks to
gain a sense of the contemporary Middle East through
Arab eyes, though the chance of finding subtitled
films is low.



Itwas He who created the heavens and the earth in six days, and then mounted
the throne. He knows all that goes into the earth and all that emerges from it, all
that comes down from heaven and all that ascends to it. He is with you wherever
you are. Allah is cognizant of all your actions

— The Koran, Surah: 57:4 [Iron]

By: Tarjiman220

Although you may see my name here more often
than those of other writers, my voice is only made
stronger by the words of others. I think it only fair that
you meet my collaborators as much as privacy allows, for
they are the voice of the Middle East. They are the stories
of their countries and the utterances of those kiswah who
could not directly contribute to this endeavor.

al-Amin — This Lebanese teacher lives up to his
name of "The Trusted One" and represents the best
educated among us. His insight into Beirut proves im-
measurable, as doeshis understanding of Christian Arabs.

Fatwa243 — Fatwa is our resident firebrand and a
good reminder that we do notall share the same opinions.
Ithank him for helping me translate some contributions
into English without changing the spirit of their voices,
as well as for his perceptions into Egypt (adding to
Jager51's already insightful contribution to hunter-net).

Globetrotter —Globetrotter is an expatriate hunter
who travels the Middle East extensively. In fact, her base
of operations is Bahrain — her home for a decade. She is
so fluent in Arabic and so well versed in our customs that
loften think Allah must have given her an Arab's heart.

Hajirah252 — Although his words appear in later
sections, his contributions bear the wisdom of our
experience. Like Jibril, below, he is a beacon to the lost,
an Imam who guides others through Allah's words and
by virtue of his own actions.

Hope123 —M

lany of you already know our resident
expert on Israel. She is also our strongest advocate of
fernale hunters in the Middle East. Unfortunately, many
traditional Muslim hunters ignore her advice because she
is Israeli (proving ignorance is our greatest enemy

Jibril — Jibril is our eyes and ears in Syria and
Jordan. He also acts as a lynchpin for Syrian hunters,
offering advice and help whenever possible without
concerning himself with the personal risks involved.

Muezzin318 — Few kiswah understand sacrifice as
well as Muezzin, the caller of prayers. A fellow Saudi, his
experiences transcend all nations, save one: that of
Islam. He too represents us to Western hunters, and I
can ask for no finer ally in this endeavor.

Muru'a — Muru'a is the Bedouin code of chivalry
as exemplified through the traits of bravery, self-sacri-
fice and loyalty. We often forget we fight a war, but
Muru'a is our reminder of the battle and the sacrifices
we must endure for the cause. I thank him for making us
better men (and women) and for his lessons on Iraq,

Omeed — Omeed represents the changing face of
Iran. Blessed with many viewpoints, be it of Iranian and
British culture or Muslim and Christian society, it is
unfortunate he cannot partake of hunter-net. We would
benefit from his understanding of all cultures.

Wildcatter184— This British expatriate is among
the few hunters who moves comfortably between the
Arab and Western worlds. He helps us build many


bridges with foreign hunters and voices their concerns
well. He knows Kuwait and Saudi Arabia best.

Kiswan Lexieox

While we use these words in the normal course of
life, I encourage the other chroniclers to use English
when they can (such as interchanging between kiswah
and hunter) for two reasons. It helps facilitate your
understanding of the text and it reminds our Western
compatriots that we are not so different

Adites: One of four principle supernatural peoples
we believe exist, each one bearing the name of arace that
Allah vanquished in the Koran. A nation of giants who
once ruled Ad, Adites built a lofty city and turned to the
worship of three beings (Sada, Samuda and Hiba). Allah
cursed them with drought and eventually drowned their
city insand. For their thirst, wename themafter v*mp*r*s.

akhira: The "other world." A reference to the
supernatural world or its inhabitants.

al-Ghariyyan: Meaning "blood-stained." It is one
of our terms for "the imbued."

Amalikites: The second of the supernatural races,
the Koran mentions these giants who dwelt in Mecca, but
who vanished from existence. We both call them spirits.

Bayt al-Shan'a: House of Abominations. This term
tefers to places of "infestation" or simply to the condi-
tion of the world.

dam batlub dam: "Blood demands blood," or retali-
ation for the death of others.

Dar al... : "House of...." Some hunters identify
themselves according to Islam's "six" pillars of devotion
(jihad, Zakat, Haj, Salat, Ramadan, Shahada) and precede
their pillars with "Dar al," as in Dar al Jihad. These titles
simply imply they acknowledge that they belong to a
fellowship of like-minded kiswah.

dhimmi: Means "protected," or people of the book
who also believe in the one God. To many Islamickiswah,
it means foreign hunters or those of Jewish or Christian
faith. This, of course, is a positive view of other hunters.

dunya: Life in this world. The normal or mundane.

fard: Religious duty or the hunter's responsibility to
combat evil and protect the fellaheen.

fatwa: "Religious decree," which we use to describe
our capabilities as divinely inspired. Not to be confused
with the contributor who goes by the name Fatwa243.

fellaheen: Normally a peasant or farmer who tills
the soil. Arab hunters use this word to describe those
unaware of the supernatural.

gweilo: This term comes to us from Filipino hunters
who worked in Hong Kong. It's apparently derogatory for
white people, but also means "ghost." We use it to mean
an expatriate who vanishes underground in the Middle
East, who dedicates himself to the calling and abandons
all ties, becoming a ghost to our society and his own.

hija: An insulting poem or verbally cutting an
opponent to the quick. It is also one of our gifts that uses
words to injure the adversary.

Tkhwan al-harb: While it literally means the "brother-
hood of war," this is a communal ceremony developed by
many Bedouin to include their families in the hunt. We call
it the "wardance" and it binds and strengthens our spirit.

Jahiliyya: Time of Ignorance or a period of idol
worship before Islam.

Jihad: "Jihad" means exerting the utmost effort,
power or attention in dealing with a problem. In the
classical sense it means resisting the machinations borne
from three archetypical sources: a known enemy, the
devil and one's self. For hunters, it is the very struggle of
our lives against monsters; it is "the cause."

jinn: Allah created these creatures from smokeless
fire, unlike humanity who He created from clay. Jinn
have the same capacity for good and evil as mortals do
and are not devils as some texts portray them.

jiran (singular — Jar): This means dependents and
normally applies when a strong tribe protects a weak one.
Inour terms, jiran refers to the people we must protect from
hostility. In Western argot, they are your "bystanders."

kiswah: The black cloth covering and protecting
the holy shrine Ka'bah. A reference to hunters who
protect fellaheen by "covering them" from harm.

maktub: "It is written." The belief that because
Allah understands all, He already knows each and every
person's actions throughout their lives and how we will
die from the moment of our birth. Many fanatics use this
belief to vindicate their actions, claiming it was already
written or predestined. They therefore follow Allah's
plan with the fervor that befits the faithful.

Midianites: The third race of the supernatural,
taken from the Koran as "the forest people." Allah
vanquished them as well. You call them shapechangers.

mujahidin: Allah's (or holy) warriors. These kiswah help
enforce other hunters who grow careless in their actions.

tagiyya: An Islamic precept whereby a person can
hide his religion or practices if in hostile territory.
Kiswah may invoke tagiyya to protect their activities
and themselves.

Thalmudites: Another race vanquished by Allah.
We now call the walking dead by this name.

thugra: "Monogram" or "insignia." Description of
the Word-style tattoos made from henna that some
hunters interpret as the source or means to their gifts
from Allah or the Messengers.

was'it: Kiswah mediators who neither arbitrate nor
judge. They simply help both sides reach an understand-
ing without losing face. They are especially necessary
when hunters of differing beliefs come into conflict.

Tue Gutrure oF Araes

By: Tarjiman220

Mention the Middle East and people are suddenly
experts on our history without ever understanding our
hearts. We are not simply camel herders or monarchs


living off the profits of oil. We are a fervent and friendly
people, given to debate because it stirs our soul, and
given to hot tempers because Allah endowed us with
passion. Culturally, we find strength and joy through
many things, but none are as strong as our concepts of
family, hospitality and the arts.

Family — Our sense of family stretches back centu-
ties, when harsh life afforded us few allies. Our greatest
strength was blood, those we could rely upon without
question or fear of betrayal. Our parents were our teachers,
our siblings and cousins were our closest friends and our
children were our legacy in a time when the spoken word
alone carried the weight of history. That tradition lives on
in the Middle East. It is not uncommon for parents and
grandparents to live with their married children and for
children to support their elders. This, ofcourse, has proved
asource for no end of difficulties for Arab kiswah who must
sometimes abandon their homes to keep loved ones safe.
But this is a matter for later discussion.

The father and mother are supreme in judgment
and wisdom. They are responsible for their children's
actions even when their daughters marry and bear the
name of another. If a husband accuses his wife of
infidelity, it is typically her father who must punish her,
not the married man's family. It has been so since
Mohammed's time and it continues in the cultures of
traditional Muslims. We refer to our closest friends and
peers as "uncle," "brother," "father," "mother" or "son"
according to their age. We even call children by the
father'sname (ibn or "son of..."), while the parent takes
their child's name (abu or "father of..."). While this
may sound unusual, these terms of fondness demon-
strate the importance of family in our lives.

Hospitality — Another tradition surviving from the
days of our nomadic ancestors is that of hospitality. It is a
legacy far older than Islam itself and it influenced how we
treated others (a Muslim must have been — and must be
— hospitable, friendly, generous and proud). The desert
wasa harsh master and dying by the elements was too cruel
adeath. The Bedouinsfound no nobility inallowingothers
tosuffer the torture of the sands, be it heat or thirst, so they
created the rules of hospitality for which Arabs are renown.
It is important to remember this tradition, for many Arab
kiswah embrace the laws of hospitality for the sake of
solidarity. It is also important that Westerners understand
this code, for it places as much obligation on the host as it
does the guest. Such respect is the least Westerners can
anticipate from many Arab kiswah.

The first rule of hospitality says that a visitor,
whether stranger or mortal enemy, can expect a host to
offer him a place to sleep without fear of betrayal. This
courtesy extends for three nights, while the host asks
little in return. After the three nights, while the guest
isnot forced to leave, custom dictates that the visitor
must not take advantage of a host's kindness. In turn,
the host is no longer required to offer special treatment.
Kiswah have adopted this practice, though it is espe-
cially important that visiting hunters never abuse the

offer of sanctuary. Kiswah have gone to great lengths to
secure homes away from prying eyes. Too many visitors
or a guest who stays too long invites scrutiny from
neighbors and possibly the local authorities (especially
in Syria, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Iran, where the military
or religious authorities hold sway).

Another rule of hospitality is offering guests food to
warm their bellies. This generosity's joy comes from
cooking and from the celebration of a great meal. It is
the manner in which hosts demonstrate their "wealth"
(in food, everyone is the richer). Bedouin chieftains
pride themselves on philanthropy and often slaughter
the largest calf in honor of their guests (livestock is a
sign of wealth among the Bedu).

Times and practices change in cities, however and a
full refrigerator is as acceptable as offering fresh cattle. The
practice of feeding (if not over-feeding) guests remains
integral to Arabic tradition. Food, like song, is a celebra-
tion and at no time is this more evident than during the
holiday of Ramadan. We fast during daytime. Buewhen the
sun sets and the cannon echoes across the city, every home
becomes a feast for family and friends from dusk till dawn.
I mention this because it is not uncommon for more
traditional Muslims to invite the less fortunate to their
tables to share in the celebration. Many kiswah survive
through this charity. The authorities hunt them. They
must abandon everything and everyone they know, but
they can never escape their own nation's borders or even.
findnew homes. Thus they live and sleep like beggars in an
alley, accepting charity from others. Ramadan is one of the
few times these hunters receive a rich meal for their
troubles. Food is a wealth all Arabs share.

I know many Westerners find this following custom
troubling ("suicidal," I believe Cabbie22 once said). It is
where the host promises his guest's safety regardless of their
common history. The two may be mortal enemies, but the
request for sanctuary is too compelling to ignore. In
promising asylum, the host and his family agree to protect
the guest while he remains under their roof. Additionally,
should anyone attack the guest while in the host's home,
the host defends him, fighting at his side if necessary.
There are even those who take the custom to heart and
shelter monsters. This is a matter of personal choice and I
for one provide protection to only ins (mortal people).
Some hunters, however, promise safekeeping only if the
guest shares salt with them — an ancient custom said to
bind the two together in solemn oath. At first | thought
this a weak deterrent of betrayal, but I have since learned
that these kiswah have the power to bind their visitors into
apact. Should the guest break his word, his flesh explodes
into righteous flame and consumes him.

Just as the host has responsibilities, the guest also has
obligations. I've mentioned that the guest should never
stay longer than three nights. Additionally, the guest must
never take advantage or betray his host's trust. Word
among kiswah travels quickly and we learn who to trustand
who to turn away. Another custom from our oral roots is
the recounting of stories. The guest was expected to


entertain his host with tales of his journeys and with news
from abroad. This tradition survives among hunters simply
because we are much like Bedouin tribes separated by great
distances. When kiswah play host to one another, they
recount their battles and exploits as a means of keeping
their legacy alive, and in hopes of learning something new
about our condition. Stories hold power and their recital is
a means of sharing that gift.

The Arts — Speak of the arts and Arabs delight in
telling you about our music, poetry and paintings. To
understand how our gifts and comprehension of the
Word works, one must first understand our interpreta-
tions of the humanities. To begin with, our art is
decorative and not representational. The Koran ex-
pressly forbids creating images of man, animal or Allah,
because He is invisible and infinite (mind you, times
change and artists now draw upon European influences
because they have few Arabic predecessors to guide
theirhand). Because of this proscription, Islamic art has
developed into elaborate floral script and intricate
geometric patterns. Traditional artwork possesses three
general forms: vine art, geometric and Koranic script (in
which language and its placement is significant).

"Why is this important?" you ask. Because we kiswah
are capable of a kind of communication akin to your code.
We can convey meaning through a language hidden
throughout the infinite geometric patterns and Koranic
(or kufic) script that adorns our mosques, buildings and
artwork. We can communicate through the script merely
by tracing our fingers over the relevant kufic symbols, thus
relating messages to one another over great distances. The
style of script (be it muthanna, raq'ah or diwani) or its
location is unimportant, for I have heard of women who
communicate through henna tattoos adorning their veiled
forms; itonly works, however, with those patterns carrying
the Koran's words. Perhaps this is why few Westerners
know of it, for the further one travels from Mecca and
Jerusalem, the more difficult it is to read and send messages.

Call it an arcane Internet if you wish, but because
language is a celebration of wit and imagination here, our
form of communication isrich and evocative. Wecansend
messages and communicate without ever fearing capture.
Fellaheen and monsters alike are not privy to our code, or
at least so we believe thus far. They merely see the original
verse from the Koran and are oblivious to other powers.

I believe we can even use our music as code. Tradi-
tional Arabic songs use repetition without changing the
thythm or emphasis and without highlights or dramatic
turns. It is not representational and it consistently bor-
rows elements from heritage. The composer's goal isn't
originality but to refine existing songs. As result, some
kiswah, especially those of Nubian or Egyptian extrac-
tion, are said to hide their stories and legacies within their
music. Fellaheen listening to the instruments might hear
one thing, but hunters perceive the author's true intent.

Perhaps even more frightening is that some pieces
sung and played by Bedouin are untouched from those

played centuries ago. These rare pieces may hold ancient
wamings and even the voices of the past addressing we
kiswah. They are like ancient record players or the voices
of ghosts. Unfortunately, not even the faithful memory of
the Bedu has kept these lessons ftom slight changes and
corruption. The recordings are fragmented and frustrat-
ingly incomplete thanks to their transmission through ins.
Unlike kiswah, who possess an ear for both the music and
its hidden messages, fellaheen musicians know only theit
instruments' cadence. How can they transmit something
perfectly ifthey cannot hear it or even know itexists? Each
minor deviation or fluctuation is a lost word, like a fallen
water drop that smudges one word in a written sentence.

Tue Mion: Easy asReticus cariry

By: Tarjiman220
Allah be praised, for the Middle East is the cradle
for three major religions dedicated to Him alone, and
countless movements that invariably follow the One
God. If you find more information here on Islam than
Christianity or Judaism, it is because the Middle East is
90% Muslim (this number varies, with some nations
boasting higher or lower percentages than others).
The schism between the three religions often con-
fuses my Western compatriots, but I shall endeavor to

Yor Force oF Lancunce

By: Wildcatter184

Tarjiman has already mentioned the impor-
tance of words for Arabs, but I don't think he did the
notion justice. Words are mythology. They carried
Arab history and later united under Arabic, the
language of the Koran. I can't stress enough how
important words are to these people. Take Saddam
Hussein or the late Ayatollah Khomeini. Western-
ers probably chuckle at these men's "America is the
devil" speeches, butyou underestimate the speeches'
impact. For Arabs, words are action. Repeating the
same phrases expresses intention. It took mea while
to realise that simply saying "no," meant "perhaps"
to these people. It isn't until you say "no" a dozen
different ways that they realise you're serious.

People underestimate Arab words and the abil-
ity to express them. Westerners use phrases to relate
a concept, but Arabic is a language of emotions.
Instead of saying, "we missed you," they might say
"You made us desolate." Is it any wonder that local
leaders are swift on rhetoric? Or that Arabs seem so
easily fired up at rallies? It even applies to kiswah in
the form of the hija. This was initially acutting poem
or insult levied against opponents, which was far
more damaging than actually attacking. A person's
honour often rested in his ability to respond. Now,
some hunters have managed to turn the hija into the
ability to harass and confront monsters.


settle how Judaism, Christianity and Islam all differ
according to local perceptions. Simply put, Jews follow
the Old Testament or Torah, while Christians added to
that through the New Testament. Contrary to popular
accounts, Muslims believe in both books and in the
Prophets Moses and Jesus. Islam holds, however, that
the Jews failed by not recognizing Jesus as anew prophet
and that the Christians were wrong for elevating a
prophet to the rank of Son of God. Islam was born from
the teachings of Muhammad, the third prophet, who
gave us the Koran, the final chapter in the trilogy of
religious books. It is for this reason that Islam treats
Christians and Jews as dhimmi, as protected people of
the book. Unfortunately, while we respect Jews, many
Arabs dislike Israelis (except for those in Jordan and
Egypt, who recognize Israel's sovereign rights as a na-
tion) and claim they hate Zionists, not Jews. I, however,
refuse to embroil myself in the semantics of this state-
ment. I, orrather we, have greater things to worry about.

Curis iaNIYY

By: al-Amin

Salaam, my friends, and praise Tarjiman220 for
making this possible. In addition to being an instructor,
lama Christian Arab, one of a group slowly dwindling
toward extinction for no fault other than declining
birth rates and an exodus of Christians to the West.

Christianity began in the Middle East thanks to the
teachings of Jesus. It quickly outgrew its cradle and spread
toRome, only to return as the Crusades and Colonialism
oversubsequent centuries. In all three cases, Christianity
had enough influence to create enclaves that survive to
this day — peacefully coexisting with their Muslim
neighbors. The Egyptian Copts comprise the largest sect
ofChristians at 13% of Egypt's population. They've lived
in the region since Mark the Apostle's missionary work,
and even held the status of state religion in the 4th
Century. They eventually split with the Byzantine
Church, forming an orthodoxy of their own.

Despite this illustrious history, the recent past holds
little such dignity for the Copts. Following WWII,
Muslim fanatics marked the doorways of known Jews
and Christians with animal blood. Sometimes they did
it to ostracize neighbors, but some families did not
survive the night. A friend of mine once related stories
ofhis childhood, in which his vigilant mother checked
their doorway every hour and constantly washed or
painted over the blood. Unfortunately, the practice
continues; it slumbers and reawakens every decade or so
for brief periods of time. I know of at least two Copt
hunters who primarily defend "their people" against
monsters and Muslim extremists.

The second largest community of Christians lives
in Syria, but it represents a mix of Catholic, Orthodox
and Protestant influences. Thanks to the migration of
Christians from the country to the city, our numbers
drop steadily. Syria has already seen an exodus of Jews
to Israel (at President Hafez al-Hassad's "insistence")

and may yet see Christians escape for the liberal sanc-
tuaries of Australia and America.

Lebanon boasts the third largest Christian popula
tion, thanks to her million or so Maronites. Following
WWII, the Maronites convinced the departing French
to put them in power, thus creating a new country while
ignoring Shiite wishes to unite with Syria. This rise
caused no end of conflict between Muslims and Chris-
tians, since the minority Maronites held political power
over the majority Shiites. The result was the 1958 Mus-
lim uprising and the 1975 Palestinian-backed civil war.
The latter threw the country into a chaos it has barely
recovered from, and created a haven for monsters. While
peace slowly returns to Lebanon, old grudges die hard.
Maronite and Shiite hunters fight one another as often as
they battle creatures. It is rare for either faction to protect
any fellaheen who do not share its beliefs.

Beyond these groups, the Christian populations across
the Middle East drop considerably. Jordan and Iraq's
Christians account for 6% and 5% of the people, respec-
tively, while Israel standsat 2.4%. In Iran, itfalls below 1%,
though many Christians claimed to be Muslim in official
documents to avoid persecution. Saudi Arabia states that
only Muslims can be citizens and claims to have no
Christians in its population. But the Saudis fail to mention
the ostracized tribes of Christian Bedouins who survived
oppression at the hands of other Bedu, or the thousands of
expatriates working within enclosed communities. This
unfortunate segregation creates a breed of nationalist
hunters who protect their own, be they American, Euro-
pean, Pakistani or even Filipino. Wildcatter184 and
Globetrotter are rare exceptions to this trend.

Istam

By: Tarjiman220

If Christianity isa facet of Western existence, Islam
is the hub of Arab life. Five timesa day, the call to prayer
issues across the city. Five times a day, devout Muslims
stop their cars in traffic and pray by the side of the road.
It is this unyielding observance to Islam that Western-
ers find curious, if not frightening. But if fear is born of
ignorance, then allow me to quell your apprehensions.

Islam is essentially submission to Allah's will, and
the third revelation of His wisdom following Judaism
and Christianity. Allah sent the angel Gabriel to teach
the Prophet Muhammad. The Prophet, in turn, spread
this knowledge to the Arab tribes. Despite appearances,
we too believe ourselves the Children of Abraham and
we too believe in the Prophets Moses and Jesus.
Tue Pittars

Although we follow the teachings of the Koran, our
principle beliefs are the Five Pillars, and they guide our
daily actions. More than rules, they unite our people.
While I intend no disrespect to my Jewish and Christian
allies, I believe Islam is a religion of solidarity and
compassion, and the singular reason why Muslim kiswah
provide for one another like no other. The pillars are


not simply instructions telling us how to behave as
individuals. They teach us how to act as a community.
Islamic kiswah are therefore fortunate to come into an
existence already borne up by many shoulders.
Shahada —The first pillar is our most basic tenet, for
it is the declaration that there is no other God but Allah.
An honest and genuine belief in this statement makes
one Muslim, after which the remaining pillars become
obligation. Knowing this means one is never alone.
Salat — The salat is the call to prayer when Muslims
face Mecca and pray at dawn, noon, mid-afternoon, dusk
and evening. While it is common to see Muslims suppli-
cating themselves, some countries such as Lebanon and
Syria do not make it obligation. In places like Saudi
Arabia and Iran, restaurants and stores might make
customers leave until prayer's end (even in the middle of
ameal), a prayer screen interrupts television programs for
fifteen minutes, traffic stops and cities grow silent except
for the call itself. Because of this, hunters do well to
curtail their activities during prayer time in these places.
Never killa monster while it performs the salar and never
hunt in those moments, either. The former reason is self-
evident, but the latter is more practical than pious; this is

when kiswah are likeliest to draw attention from religious
authorities such as Arabia's mutawa (pious men sanc-
tioned by the government to uphold morality).

Zakat — Better known as almsgiving, the zakat is a
religious tax thatall Muslims must pay at the end of each

year. The money goes to the poor, the elderly and the
infirm as charity.

Sawm — The ninth lunar month of the Islamic
calendar is a time of fasting known as Ramadan. From
dawn till dusk, an Arab cannot partake of any indul-
gences, be it food, drink or bodily pleasures. When the
cannon sounds at sunset, however, the feasting begins
and every man's home becomes a palace of food for
friendsand the unfortunate. This lasts until dawn, when
the cannon sounds again and fasting resumes. Ramadan
is a time of abstinence, devotion, perseverance, self-
reflection and forgiveness that lasts until the new moon.
Then it becomes id al-fitr or "The Festival of Breaking
Fast." Much like Christmas, the id lasts for a few days
and is a time of celebration and gift giving.

For kiswah, the id is a difficult time that often takes
us from our families and friends. Ramadan is very taxing
on the body and many hunters discover that they
cannot continue the struggle properly when hungry.
Others who are forced to abandon loved ones to keep
them safe find this month lonely and disheartening. We
are forever with hope, though, and often help one
another in this time of struggle. Some hunters replace
fasting in favor of other pillars such as relying on the so-
called Sixth Pillar Jihad to fulfill their obligations.
Others who are not comfortable fighting often assume
the fasting of Ramadan on behalf of others, extending
their own sawm for months at a time. Their sacrifice to
protect the moral integrity of their fellow al-Ghariyyan

is a great service to the cause. Most kiswah simply hunt
at night, following the feasting and indulgence. To
combat loneliness, one hunter in Syria opens his home
each year to those kiswah wishing to spend the festival
among friends. I hear this has become quite the celebra-
tion and I may visit it myself next Ramadan.

Hajj — Once in a Muslim's lifetime, he must make
the pilgrimage to Mecca if finances and health allow.
Many of us, knowing this may be our last year on Earth,
often fulfil the pilgrimage as soon as possible. This way
we continue fighting for the cause without fear that we
will not enter Paradise for neglecting our obligations.

Lalso wish to praise Allah for those of us who have
partaken of the hajj and now help less fortunate kiswah
make the journey themselves. I occasionally sponsor a
kiswah's pilgrimage when I can afford it, and I know of
a Saudi sheik who hunts very little, but who pays for
hunters wishing to make their first hajj.

Jihad — While unofficial, the Sixth Pillar isa Muslim's
duty to struggle against adversity in its many guises. Jihad of
the heart is a battle against one's sinful inclinations while
jihad of the tongue not only means forbidding evil, but
standing up for good. Jihad in the context of fi sabil Allah
means furthering or bettering Allah's kingdom on Earth
through peaceful advancement. Jihad al-sayf is the jihad of
the sword or of warring on behalf of Islam.

Islamic kiswah often rely on the jihad as a substitute for
other pillars that they cannot pursue. Indeed, for many
hunters, this is the only struggle they know —and therein
lies a danger. Like all things in life, man cannot live by a
single code any more than he can subsist on honey or milk
alone. These Muslims believe the Pillar of Jihad isnow their
singular pursuit and they ignore the rest because it is easier.
This is the mark of the fervent who becomes dangerous to
monster and ins (normal people) alike.

Tue Scuisms oF Istam

I speak of our solidarity as Muslims, but we are not
a united front. Islam encompasses many different phi-
losophies, the chief among them being the Sunni,
Shiite and even Sufi (although most Muslims discount
the last as heretics). The first two factions formed early
inour history, when the death of the Prophet Muhammad
split us over the choice of his successor, the next caliph.

The faction that became the Sunni advocated that
Muhammad'sscion should be the one best suited to lead
Islam regardless of his blood relation to the prophet. To
them, the successor was simply the custodian of Islamic
religious law. Those who became Shiite said the next
caliph should be of Muhammad's blood, as the inheritor
of the prophet's wisdom and divine guidance. It is
perhaps ironic that a political matter cracked the reli-
gion that would eventually unite the Middle East under
a. common philosophy.

Since that time, Muslims count the following fac-
tions as major movements within Islam.

Shiite: Since their split, the Sunni and Shiite have
developed significant differences in philosophy. At


their heart, the Shiite believe that further interpreta-
tions of Islam and the spiritual evolution of Muslims
comes from a divine guide known as the Imam. These
holy leaders draw their lineage from Ali and Husayne,
two men related to the prophet himself. Because the
Shiite have suffered throughout history, they (pethaps
romantically) believe themselves an oppressed and os-
tracized group of faithful trying to restore Allah's rule on
Earth, while trying to repair Islam itself.

Shiite hunters can threaten the cause by seeking
answers from fellaheen holy men and revealing their
belief in monsters. They swiftly find themselves in
prison or an asylum for their dedication. Other Shiite
kiswah who are neither naive nor brash take to the cause
well because it suits their self-image as the religious
downtrodden. The Shiite are the political minority in
most countries, with Iraq, Iran and Bahrain being the
exceptions. The notion that they must struggle to
achieve their means isa familiar and even welcome way
of life. | must also say many Shiite embrace the fard as
soldiers and act as though they fight a war. If they know
what must be done, they do it.

Sufi: Sufis are notcontent to merely obey Allah. They
want to understand Him as well and transcend their
physical selves to become one with Him. The only way to
dothisis to return to the simplicity of life from the days of
the Prophet Muhammad himself. The Sufi movement
borrows from many beliefs and groups such as Christian
hermits, Buddhist monks and Hinduism, going against the
Sunni acceptance of a religious authority. They practice
the ecstatic worship of Islam and non-violence, and live in
poverty (detaching themselves from the material and thus
sinful world). Sufism is the "Zen" of Islam.

Sufis embrace the cause with great difficulty. While
some eventually become spiritual advisors and holy guides
(serving hunters with an unappreciated wisdom), their
ability to brandish weapons or turn words into weapons.
hortifies others of their kind. Since everything, including
the Devil, is from Allah, a Sufi must decide whether
Allah tempts him with power or if a war truly exists.

Sunni: The Sunni account for nearly 90% of all
Muslims across the world and are the political leaders of
Islamic history. Where the Shiite follow the Imam for
guidance, the Sunni follow the caliph as the political
(but not religious) successor of Muhammad. The Sunni
also place the interpretation of Islamic law and the
development of faith in the consensus or in the hands
of the ulama (religious scholars)

Sunni kiswah work best within a collective, and
while I am proud we cooperate with one another easily,
Trecognize our faults as well. Our faith in the consensus
makes us prone to over-think situations and debate
endlessly on the nature of our existence. Some kiswah
need to understand their nature before they can contrib-
ute to the cause, because their faith in their nature as
hunters rests in unified opinion. But there is no unified
opinion. Everyone has beliefs and few people share them.

This is not to say indecision paralyzes us. Merely that we
spend too much time debating and not enough time
acting. For this I envy the Shiite their certainty of action.

Judaism

By: Hopel23

Shalom. Despite Tarjiman's willingness to make my
words better, I begin on what you call a "sour note." The
Muslims claim their hatred distinguishes between Zionist
and Jew, between politics and religion. But I ask how a
bullet knows the difference between the two or how a
bomb distinguishes one from the other? I do not say this to
insult Tarjiman. I direct it toward those of us who would
rather kill my people than save lives. I do not intend these
words as accusations or in anger. They are a plea for unity.

When you speak of the Jewish people, you immedi-
ately think of Israel, and with good reason. Of the world's
15 million Jews, five million live in Israel, with more
arriving each year. In fact, following the Soviet fall,
700,000 Russian Jews flooded into their new homeland
and now represent 15% of Israel's Jewish populous. The
Arab countries point to such numbers and say we build an
army to overrun the Muslim world, but they don't realize
they contributed to this flood of refugees. President
Assad, for instance, "politely" suggested that Syrian Jews
leave his country, and he was not alone. Iraq, Iran,
Lebanon and many other countries pressured their own
citizens to leave, just because they were Jews. What did
they expect? That the Jews would simply vanish into
Europe? Of course not! They came to Israel to find anew
home and we welcomed them with open arms.
Yue Dove ano vHe HAWK

Wehaveasaying that goes, "Two Jews, three opinions."

Better quoted perhaps is Chief Rabbi Kook who
once asked: "Who is a Jew?" The Jewish people appear
shattered. At the heart of the dissension are moderate
Ashkenazi Jews of Eastern Europe who oppose the more
militant Sephardic Jews. Other splits divide Arab Jews
from the Europeans and the religious from the political.
We never once believed, however, that these divisions
would degenerate into violent infighting until an Israeli
Jew murdered Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin. The assa
sination chilled us. How could sucha thing happen? We
still ask ourselves that question, but perhaps I can clear
some of the confusion with a quick historical lesson.

Judaism draws from over 3,000 years of history, but
our political drive for a homeland is far more recent. It's
called Zionism, but it did not originate after WWII, as
many believe. Zionism was born from the lips of Nathan
Birnbaum in 1885. He demanded a restoration of our
homelands in Palestine. Birnbaum, and later his succes-
sors, met with opposition, especially from Orthodox Jews
who believed Zionists were trying to bring about the
Messianic Era in which a new prophet would lead us. The
notion of Zionism did not truly take hold until after a
series of events that began with the Balfour Declaration
of 1917 (when the British promised to support the Jewish


movement fora homeland). The British then took man-
date of Palestine in 1923 to help her toward
"independence," but it was a feeble excuse for colonial-
ism. In 1939, the British revoked the Balfour Declaration
because of Arab pressure, and the British limited immi-
gration heavily. This act condemned millions of Jews to
death throughout Europe, a fact we asa race never forgot.

The Holocaust turned into what I can only call world
guilt at our plight. In 1947, the United Nations agreed to
partition Palestine between the Jews and Arabs. When
the Arabs refused us our homes, the State of Israel forcibly
claimed its birthright; we were no longer victims of the
world. Since then, Zionism represents the will of Israel to
remain a nation despite Arab pressure through diplo-
macy and often violence. Zionism is an umbrella for
differing philosophies, though, not a united front as the
Arabs claim. Some of its more radical supporters say God
promised us the lands between the rivers Nile and
Euphrates, while others wish to return those lands we
took from Syria, Jordan and Lebanon. As I said, we are
divided in opinion, but not as a people —at least not yet.

Qur Pourrient Geocrarny

By: Fatwa243

The "Middle East" is a recent fabrication of Colo-
nial influences (Turk, French and British) and events
following World War II. Before the Second World War,
only Iran and Saudi Arabia existed and were free of
occupation. While the geopolitical history of the region
is as ancient as humanity itself, many countries cur-
rently in the area have existed for only 50 years or so.

This is important, for while Arabs are nationalistic,
we are much prouder of our legacy as Arabs (which dates
back to Biblical times). If you want to understand why
the Middle East is in turmoil, it's because most major
policy-making decisions affecting the region are prod-
ucts of external influences. Foreigners, including the
Colonial French and British, demarcated most Arab
borders before pulling out, leaving us to clean up their
mess. The majority Shiite in Lebanon wanted to be part
of Syria when independence came, but the minority
Maronite Christians convinced the ruling French to
leave them in power of a separate country. More friction
erupted with Israel's formation (which is still a source of
prolonged regional conflict) and with the scramble by
foreign countries to capitalize on our oil reservoirs. If it
weren't for "black gold" the world would have left us to
be another Third World statistic.

Visiting hunters should bear all this in mind. We are
congenial and friendly as a people, but we also know the
West sees us as backward and as an exploitable commod-
ity. We aren't stupid and any expatriate hunter coming
here to "help the savages" should stay home. We don't
like foreigners telling us how to operate and we despise
the way Americans and the British act smug and superior
around us. Tarjiman220 may talk about community,
fellowship and the "Band of Forty," our so-called collec-

tive title, but if you want to get anywhere here, drop the
pretense and remember you're a target to many Arabs.

Quick Surviyat Guide

If my warning doesn't frighten you off, you should
know what you need to survive here. First, keep your
opinions to yourself and don't act like a damn tourist.
Smile at people, say shukran (thanks) when offered some-
thing and don't carry your bags around. Look like you
belong here. If you look like a tourist (which can't be
helped sometimes), every suq (bazaar) vendor and beggar
ina ten-block radius will target you for a sale or for alms.
In more oppressive countries like Iraq, you'll draw the
attention of the local authorities (if informants aren't
already following you like vultures). If you know your
country has diplomatic problems with an Arab nation,
don't visit unless you can actually blend in. Americans
aren't welcome in Iraq, and Iran's still debatable. Give
local hunters enough credit to handle whatever crisis isin
their backyard and play hero for someone else.

If you dislike hot temperatures, avoid the summer
months. Even then, hydrate yourself constantly. It's em-
barrassing and dangerous when a hunter can't continue
the mission because of dehydration or low salt. Foreign
hunters (and this includes Arabs visiting other countries)
should pack strong medicine (to handle potential bowel
problems), toilet paper and a filter to process water (unless
you can afford the highly priced bottled water). Jordan,
Syria and Yemen, for example, don't have the safest
drinking water unless you lodge at a fancy hotel, and
Lebanon's public restroomsare without toilet paper thanks
toconstant theft. Ifyou plana countryside excursion, carry
iodine or rubbing alcohol, and research the location of the
nearest hospital. We have our share of monsters and even
natural animals afflicted with rabies.

If you travel to multiple countries, study them in
advance, especially when it comes to visa restrictions.
The Middle East is not a big happy family with universal
laws across the board. Some countries take weeks to
process a visa. It's a matter of hours in others. Some
require a letter of introduction, while a few (like the
United Arab Emirates) demand that someone sponsors
your visit. You can't geta visa to enter Libya from Egypt,
for example. Iraq and Saudi rarely, if ever, issue visitor
visas, and the borders between Iraq and Iran are closed.
Most countries refuse you entry outright if you have an
Israeli stamp in your passport. Getting into a Middle
East country from any other requires a Byzantine-level
understanding of the local bureaucracy and the current
political climate. Plan your itinerary in advance.

Anyone bringing equipment should make sure it
isn't contraband or restricted in your host environment.
Iraq, which suffers under a technology embargo, would
love to get its hands on a decent laptop computer (there's
areason why no Iraqi hunters surf the net). Cameras and
video recorders are okay, but most countries won't let you
photograph anything remotely strategic, including bridges
and buildings. Don't forget to carry electrical adapters


specific for your needs, since outlets vary in pin design
and voltage from country to country. Additionally, while
local authorities might overlook someone carrying a
dagger (if it's traditional to the region), carrying firearms
isillegal, as is entering a country with electronic surveil-
lance equipment. Saudi Arabia, Iraq, Israel, Egypt and
Syria, in particular, are security minded and extremely
fearful of revolutionaries, spies and dissidents (and you,
my friend, are their first choice for all three).

Ifyoubring in any "shiny toys," make damn sure you
can part with them. Itisn't uncommon for border guards
or airport security to confiscate gadgets or personal
items for themselves. Don't fight them. Offer your
property with a smile. It may sting, but they'll likely let
you through quicker and ignore questionable items.
Thatsaid, it also means you can easily bribe said officials
tolook the other way with new cameras or watches. Just
look for which guard searches the most bags and pay
attention to whether he's assessing the contents or
actually looking for contraband. It's vitally important
that you don't offer money. That looks like a bribe and
it will insult the guard's honor. By offering a trinket,
both he and you can justify it as a friendly gift (and
Arabs love exchanging "gifts"). The other payment
method is to just leave the bribe at the top of the suitcase
and let the guard take it. Most often, they're too busy
pocketing the "gift" to search any further.

Three smuggling techniques I use require some plan-

ning, but they're effective. The first is arranging your

arrival near the middle of the month, on Ramadan, at the
height of the day (when it's hottest). Custom officials,
like everyone else, are fasting (which also precludes
drinking water). That means both their tolerance and
energy levels are low. More often than not, the guards are
so exhausted or tired that they wave travelers through
with only a cursory examination. This is especially true at
border crossings where custom officials work in the open.

My second technique is bribing a truck driver to
smuggle material in his rig. This approach is especially
useful when sneaking contraband through Syria or
Arabia's main border crossings where the backlog of
waiting vehicles extends for miles. Officials in this case
eagerly clear the traffic and don't search properly. This
tactic is tricky, though, since some truck drivers work
for the local crime syndicates (the strongest being in
Israel, Lebanon, Egypt and Turkey) and demand a high
price or a piece of your profit. (After all, nobody
smuggles goods without expecting returns)

My third approach runs much along the same lines
and involves a safer route if you're Arab. Bedouin tribes
may stick tocertain regions, but they have no qualmsabout
crossing borders in the deep desert, far from prying eyes.
They'll ferry people into a country in exchange for money,
weapons or appliances. This is often the simplest way to
move between Syria, Jordan and Saudi Arabia unnoticed.

Finally, dress conservatively. The region may be
hot, but most countries have a dress code. It means no
shorts unless you're in a coastal region such as Lebanon,


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

Turkey or Israel. Women should always wear skirts that
extend below the knee or they should wear full-length
jeans. The demands are even more conservative in
countries like Saudi Arabia and Iran. Foreign women
don't have to wear the black chador that covers you like
a tent, but they must have a full-length skirt, socks and
a headscarf or a long jacket over their jeans. Addition-
ally, no light blouse or shirt that dips below the neckline
and reveals too many curves.

For men, full slacks are a must, though you can wear
short-sleeved shirts. The only place this isn't proper is in
holy sites such as mosques, where decorum demands
conservatism. While these regulations may seem stifling,
it's a disguised godsend. Arabs won't blink twice at well-
covered tourists, despite the heat, meaning hunters can
carry small weapons or equipment beneath their cloth-
ing. Women in particular can blend in with locals by
wearing the chador, which covers everything except the
hands and eyes. While Arabs in some countries hover
around female tourists like black flies, they ignore "con-
servative" women. If anyone treats you suspiciously and
approaches you, scream. This will embarrass the man and
bring everyone's attention to him. Most men quickly
back away rather than have their honor or intentions
questioned. Actually, I've seen some female kiswah use
this technique against monsters effectively, as well. It
doesn't work all the time, but some monsters are "pious"
enough to be shamed.

BaHratn

By: Globetrotter

If you're traveling to the Middle East for the first
time, oil-rich Bahrain is your oasis. It's the only island
nation in the region and is very progressive for a mon-
archy (and compared to other Arab states). [tis roughly
the size of Singapore, with a population of 620,000.
Strangely enough, half this number is under 25 years
old, while nearly 60% are foreigners. The local work
force includes Filipino, Pakistani and Indian shop own-
ers, as well as Western businessmen. The situation is so
lopsided that there's friction against the ruling family
because local men can't find employment.

Bahrain is the best start for foreign hunters intending to
enter the Middle East. You can obtain a two-week visa upon
landing at Muharraq Airport, unless you have an Israeli
stamp on your passport, in which case it's back the way you
came. Fortunately, | have dual citizenship and keep my
Israeli sojourns limited to my second passport. You can
extend your stay through a five-year, multiple-entry visa by
going to General Directorate of Immigration & Passports in
Manama (Bahrain's capital, which translates as "Sleeping
Place"). You can't obtain visas to enter Kuwait, Saudi
Arabia or the United Arab Emirates unless you're a Kuwaiti
citizen (additionally, Qatar does not maintain an embassy
here due to a dispute over Hawar Island).

Almost everyone in the Manama speaks English, so
it's easy to travel around. Two local papers are entirely in
English, as are several radio stations. It'salso one of the few

regional countries that allows the sale of alcohol outside of
hotels, in coffee bars and discotheques. While this is good
for the occasional drink when the nerves call for it, it also
creates a social environment that draws out the supernatu-
ral. I've bagged a handful of creatures lurking in the back
corners of the dark caves they call local bars. The other
advantage of Bahrain's progressive outlook is that during
festivals (Muslim or Christian), Arab or expatriate revelers
from nearby Saudi Arabia and Kuwait flock there to
celebrate in true fashion. Monsters follow as well and hide
in the crowds. Many Arab kiswah know this and come to
Bahrain to help local hunters with the small deluge.

Despite Bahrain's tolerant attitude, don't mistake
this place for New York. Bahrain is still 70% Shiite,
even though the monarchy is Sunni. Some laws still
apply. They still follow the Five Pillars and the dress
code is conservative.

Tue Rurnoriries

Comparatively speaking, Bahrain is one of the
safest Middle Eastern countries, though bombings and
arson attacks in 1996 and 1997 protesting the foreign
labor force increased public security and government
crackdowns. The authorities won't look at you twice
because of the many foreigners living here, unless you
act strangely. None of the attacks ever target tourists
and the authorities look for Kuwaiti troublemakers, not
visitors. This means you can walk around virtually
unmolested, though open fighting and attacking mon-
sters will likely bring in the authorities. They're prepared
for trouble, and the island isn't large enough to cause
any significant delays in arriving on the scene.

Generat Nezos

As I said, Bahrain is a perfect beachhead into the
Middle East. Ithasan Internetproviderthrough BATELCO
and an Internet center in the capital. More importantly,
Bahrain is perfect for hunters looking for capital and
universal currency. Many hunters starting up, or those
forced to leave their homes, often come here to purchase
well-priced gold and local pearls. When they travel, they
sell the gold or pearls to local merchants for cash, protect-
ing themselves from different currency rates. The trick is
knowing what to look for in terms of quality. Fadhel
Emporiums on Palace Avenue in Manama is a good start.
A local hunter saved the Pakistani owner once, so he's
been helping our kind ever since by selling us top-grade
pearls and gold at reasonable prices. Simply ask him "Do
you hear thunder?" and he'll help you, even if he doesn't
fully understand what is happening to the world — he is
still fallaheen. Don't try to haggle him down. He's already
doing us a huge service and he has a short fuse.

The King Fahd Causeway links Bahrain and Saudi
Arabia. This is one of the best means to sneaking into
Arabia, though finding a truck driver to smuggle you
over could be problematic. On the down side, if that can
be said, Bahrain isn't a political hotbed. Finding fire-
arms is impossible. The local sugs (bazaars) sell cheaply
made swords and flashy daggers for tourists, but finding


anything sturdier requires some legwork. Also, nobody
plays baseball here, so no bats except for the flattened
cricket kind (which is actually easier to hide beneath
clothing than your American kind).

Tae Wort0 oF AKuiRR

1 won't lie and say all Bahrain is safe, but it is more
secure than most. Akhira (supernatural) activity seems to
besporadic and increases with the influx of tourists. Most
monsters apparently prefer the old portions of the city,
several blocks in from the shoreline instead of the new
Government Avenue. Since Bahrain is the largest in an
archipelago of 33 islands (including the Qatar-disputed
Hawar Islands), there are small fishing villages where
some jinn reputedly dwell. I've spoken with pearl divers
who told me they see things in the deep sometimes, like
anoil-slick cloud that burns the flesh, ora shark with legs.
Itisn'tunheard of for some divers to never surface. In fact,
one fishing village often throws freshly slaughtered fish
into the water far from their divers and shore fishermen.
They say it lures the beasts away. The last hunters who
went diving with spear guns never returned.

Sire Havens

Another reason why Bahrain is an excellent start-up
pointis its fairly modern and clean medical care. Hospitals
likely report suspicious wounds to the authorities, so if you
stay at a top-end hotel such as the Sheraton Bahrain or
Diplomat, rely on the in-staff doctor. Just claim a local
attacked you on hotel grounds and the concierge will
probably hush matters up and buy your silence with free
medical services and possibly a week's free stay.

If you don't have this option, go to the American
Mission Hospital off Khalaf al-Asfoor Avenue between
midnight and 7:00 AM. This is the oldest and smallest
hospital in the area, and it has decent facilities. The
nurses can patch up most wounds quietly and discreetly
if you slip them $50 American (approximately 19
Bahraini Dinars).

Old Jetty —North ofKing Faisal Highway is Bahrain's
oldjetty. Follow the west pier until you hit an abandoned
building marked Uthmanni Ltee and go around back.
There's an old boarded up shed with a hole near the
ground through which you can crawl. It isn't much, but
ithasa cot, some non-perishable canned goods and basic
medical supplies. On the third Wednesday of every
month, at 1:00 AM, a fishing boat called adhow pulls up
alongside the Uthmanni Ltee pier. It can smuggle up to
three passengers into Arabia. The boat is rarely there for
more than a few minutes. It's marked with one of your
foreigner hunter glyphs, but the captain doesn't talk. He
just takes whatever you're willing to offer and drops you
off near al-Khubar (which rests just outside Arabia's
largest expatriate compound/city, Dhahran)

Hetcusoninc Gounrnies

Asan island, Bahrain has few immediate neighbors
beyond Saudi Arabia and Qatar. Bahrain is currently in
contention with Qatar to the south over the Hawar
Islands. The friction is more a chill than outright fighting.

CHAPTER i:IN ALLAH'S HOME

Qatar — Qatar is a quaint little nation and another
decent ingress into the Middle East. I prefer Bahrain,
even though Qatar is very progressive and allows women
to vote. Despite its size, Qatar is slightly more populous
than Bahrain, with 640,000 people, 80% of which live
in the capital of Doha. Qatar is the quietest Arab nation
and frankly, it's a disquieting place. Nothing seems to
happen here. The citizens boast no hunters that I know
of, and I have yet to see any true supernatural threats
like v*mp*r*s or skinchangers. I've only encountered
one shambler and she was killing a rapist. Frankly,
Qatar feels like a sleeper village. It has a wholesome,
nothing-wrong-here air. I wonder if it's genuine or a
disguise for something unthinkable.

Ecyer

By: Fatwa243

When I first saw Jager51's write-up on Egypt, I
asked myself, "Why is he writing about a nation he
barely understands?" The relevant data was accurate,
but I'm tired of foreigners (that would be you) treating
my country like Disney Africa. Outsiders have taken
our culture and our heritage for granted for far too long.

Our history started strong with the pharaohs, but we
fell into 2,200 years of subjugation at the hands of Greeks,
Romans, Turks, French and British. When each of them
left, they stole portions of our legacy and left Egypt in so
much chaos that we proved easy prey for the next wave
of conquerors. Maybe it isn't our history that attracts all
these damn monsters. Maybe it's the mess everyone else
leaves behind. Personally, I think the supernatural exists
because humans keep stealing the legacy of other people,
leaving them weak and directionless. Hunters are the
solution, but not in the way everyone believes. We're
here to protect our respective cultures from exploitation.
We're history's guardians.

Don't get me wrong. I'm just as angry with our
government as | am with tourists. Egypt earned indepen-
dence in 1952 and was instrumental in forming the
Pan-Arab League, but Sadat screwed up by signing the
Camp David Accord with Israel. Did he deserve to die for
recognizing Israel's right to exist? No, but I don't blame
the Muslim Brotherhood for assassinating him, either.
The West can say whatever it wants to about Israel, but
the fact is that British-supported Zionists displaced an
entire population of Palestinians who refused to surren-
der their homes or land. Now, before you start hissing at
the PLO or my statements, ask yourself why Britain didn't
offer the Jews Ireland, or the U.S. didn't give them Rhode
Island. It wasn't "right" to screw over their own people,
but it was fine to screw over the Arabs!

Westerners think they know what's best for us, but
look at the political minefields you leave behind. If it
weren't for outside interference and the West playing
the bully, the Lebanese War wouldn't have happened.
The Six-Day War wouldn't have happened. The Iran-
Iraq War wouldn't have happened. The Gulf War
wouldn't have happened. I can trace every one of those


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

conflicts back to Western intervention, starting with
colonialism and ending with oil interests. By signing the
Camp David Accord, Sadat validated every action the
Americans and Brits did for their own benefit.

Still wondering why Muslim terroristactivity is on the
rise in Egypt despite the government's attempts to crack
skulls? It's because Egypt, rather than acting as an Arab
superpower, plays sidekick to the West and ignores its own
people. We are a nation of 65 million living in cities close
to bursting. Visit Cairo and see how a city built for a few
million deals with a population topping over 14 million.
People squat in graveyard mausoleums and on rooftops.
Instead of offering relief, the Egyptian government wastes
money on events like an opera at the Pyramids to fill the
already overcrowded cities with tourists. And when stu-
dents protest the unemployment rate or overcrowded
conditions, the government responds brutally and swiftly
so that the Western media never hears about the event
(and tourists aren't frightened away

So now you're wondering why I'm helping write
this guide, right? I can't stop you from coming here, but
I sure as hell can prevent you from screwing things up.
Welcome to Egypt. Stay out of my way.

Tue Rurnoririss

Egypt isn't as safe as it used to be, so stick to the
major cities such as Cairo. Groups like the Muslim
Brotherhood aren't worried about mowing tourists down,
so avoid the major draws like the Pyramids, too (and not
because terrorists might hit those locations). Your prob-
lem is Egypt's General Directorate of State Security
Service. They keep agents and armed personnel at
major sites to protect Egypt's valuable tourist trade. If
they see anyone looking suspicious, they'll pull you in
fora two-fisted interrogation. If you're wanted in Israel,
Europe or the U.S., they'll know courtesy ofan informa-
tion exchange program with MOSSADand INTERPOL.

Like Jager51 said, avoid carrying around weapons.
You'll get into trouble. The police are bad enough, but
if che Egyptian government considers you a threat, kiss
your ass goodbye. The American government has few
allies in the Middle East. If it's achoice between burying
you in a crocodile pit or raising an international stink
over your arrest, let's just say you'll make some hungry
luggage very happy.

‘Another danger with the authorities is they may be
fellaheen, or normal, but somewhere up that corrupt food
chain are servants of the monsters. If they even smell a
hint of what you're really doing in Egypt, they'll come
after you. Two kiswah allies of mine left the country
because these jokers pulled out all the stops to catch
them. They even strapped explosives to my friend's
mother and conditioned her to blow herself up when
she saw him. He barely escaped, but saw his mother
commit suicide trying to kill him. That's the scary part
about these bastards. They'll never attack you directly,
but they will send children to kill you. It's a simple
message, too. Die quietly or you'll be responsible for the

death of others. Nothing like a little girl holding a doll
packed with C4 to make you question your own values.

Generac Nezos

You're fortunate. Egypt is a "liberal" country. Few
items are illegal, except firearms. You can pick up
whatever you need at most stores or flash some Egyptian
pounds at a bazaar like suq Mansour in Cairo or suq
Nokrashi in Alexandria. Thieves might rob you or
peddlers might offer you contraband. Either way, you've
met someone with contacts in the local black market.

The other option is visiting the Shooting Club in
Cairo's Agouza District. If you're lucky, you'll meet a fat
old German named Dornier who hosts private gun shows
for paying customers. Convince him and he'll introduce
you to some of Egypt's prominent gun and drug dealers.
Here's the important part: You're dealing with the big
boys now — you may even see a monster or two in their
circle. Don't confront guests ata gun show. Dornier is the
last man you want to annoy (if you escape alive).

Ye Wore oF Aaning

Jager51 was right about a couple of things, includ-
ing the monsters. We've got some old things lingering
in the ruins and shadows, and they're nasty enough to
extinguish you one nerve at a time. Don't come here
looking for an exotic Egyptian safari. If you're willing to
fight in the trenches, we welcome your help. It's a fact
of nature that when a local ecosystem explodes with
wildlife, the predator population increases to match.
Cities like Cairo and Alexandria have several million
prey too many and the monsters flock here in droves.

Jager51 can have his grand conspiracies; I'm con-
cerned about the street-level threats. One disturbing
trend we've noticed is building hoppers. We're not sure
what these beasts are, but they take an entire apartment
building hostage for weeks on end, squatting in the
apartments and slowly torturing and killing the tenants.
When enough people vanish that the police investi-
gate, the building hoppers move elsewhere while the
government hushes up matters to protect its vital tourist
trade. Building hoppers always seem to be one step
ahead of us and two steps ahead of the police. There's
evidence of cannibalism and missing blood among their
victims, so we think it might be different monsters
working together or a kind we haven't encountered yet.

Sars Havens

Safe houses and havens change rapidly thanks to
careless hunters overusing locations or leading mon-
sters back to them. The sites Jager51 mentioned are still
safe from what I've seen, but they've been on hunter-net
forso long that I'm not sure who else knows about them.
These areas are also safe. I can afford to lose them.

Cairo—247 Nagmal-Din Street in al-Husayneyah
District. On the locked rooftop of this apartment build-
ing (the key is hidden in a carved groove atop the
rooftop's doorframe) is a "maintenance" shed. Like
many other buildings in overcrowded Cairo, these apart-
ments are pre- WWI] and still rent controlled. Up to six


generations of families live in these complexes, paying
as little as 30 Egyptian pounds a month for rent ($12
US. or so). That means the landlords make no money
off a "generation" building, so they ignore its upkeep.
That's the case here; the rooftop maintenance shed
hasn't been used in at least two years. I've cleared it out
and stocked it with basic medical supplies so you'll have
enough space to sleep and tend to minor wounds.
Cairo — Unit 4 Haret Oweis in Al-Giza District.
Justnorth of Cairo University (above Abdel-Salam Arif
Street) is a block of buildings separated by alley-sized
streets. At Unit 4, go around the east corner and down
thealley. You'll find a pile of garbage blockingaside door,
but there's just enough space to slip by if you don't mind
getting dirty. The door is unlocked. Goin, down the stairs
and into a hallway. The fourth door on the left is storage
space and is unlocked. You can barricade the door from
the inside and crash on the pile of rugs. We've also left
some canned provisions anda first-aid kit, butdon't leave
any trash behind. That's what the pile outside is for.

[han

By: Omeed

Forget what you hear about Iran. It's probably
wrong (knowing how the Western media portrays us).
You may find this surprising, but Iran is very safe. In fact,

it'sone of the safest countries to visit in the Middle East.
The locals respect women and treat them well if they

follow local customs. Women receive the same educa-
tion as men and we have many female doctors, family
judges and parliament members.

Iran was one of two countries that remained inde-
pendent from French and British interests following
WWL The Russians occupied us briefly during WWII,
even though we stayed neutral, and we managed to
convince them to leave once the war was over. After-
ward, Shah Muhammad Reza assumed absolute control
and pushed Iran toward aggressive reform. He improved
the education system, gave women more rights, mod-
emized health care and provided for the needy
Unfortunately, the Shah squandered the country's re-
sources during the 1974 Oil Crisis by stockpiling weapons
we didn't need and shooting up inflation. People were
unhappy. The conservatives demanded a return to the
traditional ways while the liberals wanted further re-
forms. It all ended in 1979 with the shah's overthrow at
the hands of the beloved Ayatollah Khomeini.

Since then, Iran has suffered the Iran-Iraq War and
from friction with America over the Tehran Embassy
incident that brought about an embargo. We recently
sought more worthwhile alternatives of political nego-
tiation, but the process is slow. Nor are we the richest
country in the world thanks to plummeting oil prices
anda decrease in demand for Persian carpets. But we are
friendly. Travelers, especially hunters with small pock-
ets, can easily afford a visit.

Iran, the truest Islamic nation and defender of the
faith, is three times larger than France (or Arizona), with

over 70 million people. I also believe we have the greatest
diversity of hunters on ethnic and religious grounds. In
addition to Christians and Jews, who add up to 1% of the
populace, Iran is the Zoroastrian center of worship and
has about 300,000 Bahai worshippers (persecuted be-
cause Islam considers them heretics). We also draw
hunters from Persian, Azaris, Turkmen, Kurd and Lors
stock, but distances rather than beliefs keep us divided.

Iran is safe if you're a tourist. That means hunters can
enter the country easily, though you must secure your visas
before arriving at our border. You cannot obtain multiple-
entry visas unless you work here, but extensions are possible
and relatively easy. The Iranian government desperately
wants to bolster the local economy, so customs often ushers
tourists through with little trouble. That's good news for
hunters sneaking in contraband, though visitors should be
careful with magazines and videocassettes. Customs confis-
cates anything it believes undermines moral integrity,
including pictures of woman not properly dressed, public
acts of affection like kissing and hand-holding, or anything
depicting the use of alcohol or drugs. This means they scan
videotapes for any hint of impropriety.

Not everyone speaks English, but many people in
major cities, hotels and restaurants understand enough
to help you. We even have English newspapers —
though they admittedly espouse anti-Western views —
and English street signs, while hotels have satellite
dishes with American programming. Unfortunately,
while Tehran has Internet centers, Internet service is
costly and difficult to obtain.

Iran isa democracy (and, ironically, the most stable
one in the region), with its own presidential elections.
The last few presidents, while clerics, advocated closer
relations with the West. This struck a nerve with older
revolutionaries, but reformists have powerful allies who.
protect them. Islam and Iran do not fear democracy. We
fear a disease called Western decadence. More so, we
want the CIA and MI6 to stop intervening in our affairs
We fear the British more than the Americans, because
MI6 is far more sophisticated and underhanded in
sabotaging our affairs.

Yue Aurnoririgs

Iran has several different police divisions, many of
whichact properly and justly. Don't think of bribing them.
They're efficient and methodical, perhaps more so than in
the majority of Arab nations. If you dress well and respect
local customs, the police ignore you at the very least and
help you if you need it. The authorities will search you in
certain public buildings, the airport and in train stations.
This is perfectly normal for everyone, but be wary. Don't
carry weapons or questionable equipment unless you're
drivingsomewhere orwalking. Roadblocks and carsearches
are common near the borders. Prepare for the worst.

The most dangerous police are the monkeraat, a sort
of religious and moral authority that ensures the virtu-
ous conduct of all citizens. They arrest people and
administer lashings to anyone breaking proper codes of


conduct such as speaking on a telephone during prayer
time or holding hands in public. They care little for
tourism since they follow Islamic law, not the relatively
progressive actions of our presidents.

Thepeople dislike themonkeraat foritsheavy-handed
rigidity and have even attacked officers. | would not
normally condone such violence, but I believe several
monkeraat serve the blood-drinking Adites. Our attempts
to deal with these officers result in government crack-
downs and arrests. More hunters have reputedly died at
the hands of local authorities than by monsters.

If you think you're protected by virtue of being
foreign, you're foolishly mistaken. One American hunter
was escorted out of the country, but died of a "heart
attack" on the plane ride back West. We believe the
akhira reached the hunter after he left and waited to kill
him to avoid any complications from an American
dying on Iranian soil. This tells me the monsters have a
firm grip on my country's heart.

If the authorities arrest you and the akhira realize
you'rea danger, they don't have to kill you immediately.
They can quietly issue a fatwa, or religious decree, for
your assassination — days, weeks or months after you've
left Iran (and there are enough fanatics in the world to
come after you).

Genceat Nezos

Carry U.S. dollars. They're the lifeblood of local
tourism and they grant you preferential treatment. Just
be sure they're not counterfeit. In 1989, Iran forged 10

billion U.S. dollars to support "freedom fighters" in the
Bekaa Valley of Lebanon. The copies are nearly unde-
tectable since they're on the same paper as the real stuff,
but it's said the zeroes in the forgery have flattened tops.
Iranians might not accept $100 bills unless the money
is newly minted.

Iran is a tough place to find equipment if you're an
outsider, but that doesn't mean it's impossible. There
has been a rash of men posing as plainclothes police. If
anyone demands your identification and is not in uni-
form, ask him to take you toa hotel or police station and
offer your papers there. If he refuses, make a loud public
spectacle to scare him away.

The alternative is to confront the imposter and offer
him money in exchange for whatever contraband you
need. These men generally know where to sell stolen
documents and know someone who can help you. This is
especially useful if you need forged papers. The other
option is to hang around the lobby of an expensive hotel
like Laleh International in Tehran and look bored. Iran
has a well-developed drug network. Someone might
approach you eventually, wondering if you're looking for
"excitement." If you're lucky enough to find a drug dealer,
you can probably buy more than Egyptian hashish or
Afghani opium. Be ready to pay through the nose

Purchasing firearms in Tehran is tricky business,
unless you steal from well-armed locals or you're fool-
ish enough to visit our eastern or southern regions.
Thanks to our proximity to Afghanistan and Pakistan,


these two areas serve as major routes for drug and gun
smuggling. You can possibly purchase Soviet-grade
weapons and equipment from regional tribes in league
with these operations, but they might sooner kill you
than deal with you.

Afghanistan is part of anew drug trade with Russian
and Turkish backing. The Turkish opium lords, the
Kurdish PKK, sell drugs to the Sicilian Mafia. The PPK
uses networks of Kurds to help pipeline its caravans
through Iran and into neighboring Azerbaijan or Arme-
nia. Now, before you think all Kurds are drug dealers,
they aren't. The Kurds fight an ugly war with Iraq and
the Turks repay their services using Sicilian drug money
tobuy weapons for their allies. Thus, the Kurds are well-
armed. Many local hunters survive using these
underworld contacts to procure weapons, equipment
and safe passage into other countries in exchange for
their "services." These unscrupulous kiswah have prob-
ably murdered more people than the monsters have.

Finally, don't think of approaching or robbing any
convoy. Drug and weapon smuggling is major business
and convoys include tank columns and APCs, merce-
naries who could teach us thing or five about fighting.
The reason for all this protection? The government's
war on crime is literally a war, and Iran invests its armed
forces to stop the heroin trade.

Toe Wont oF Rxnine

Monsters are everywhere for the hunting in Iran. Your
problem remains the authorities, however, and not the
akhira themselves. Iran is law-abiding, despite news photos
showing angry men firing tifles into the air at public
demonstrations. The police are a visible and strong pres-
ence and will make your life miserable if you don' texercise
caution. That said, hunters should stay in Tehran, which
seemingly attracts its share of monsters because of pollu-
tion and overcrowding. Beware the following:

Demonstrations — Iran throws the occasional dem-
onstration to keep nationalism fueled. This is when you
seemany people gather and fire weapons. Many monsters
gatheralongside them, chanting anti-American slogans.
Ifyou see a demonstration underway, quietly leave. You
aren't safe and you aren't welcome. Additionally, several
members of Iran's vaunted Revolutionary Guards, who
normally attend such rallies, are suspected blood minions
ofthe Adites. Don't ever fight them alone. In addition to
their power as minions, the Revolutionary Guards are
dedicated to the Ayatollah beyond reason. During the
Iran-Iraq War, they walked through minefields to clear a
path for the army and to prove their loyalty to the
Ayatollah. They are willing martyrs.

Underground — Tehran is building an underground
subway ystem, but the process isslow going and there isno
projected finish date. According to what we've seen, the
entire project is in upheaval, with work details digging in
chaotic directions and no two blueprints matching ex-
actly. Atnight, we hear crews tunneling but we never find
them. Even worse, several construction workers and fore-

men bear the Adites' mark, Tehran kiswah, myself in-
cluded, scout at night when the underground is supposedly
empty, but we cannot map it out properly. The tunnels
seemingly shiftorare even sealed up from one night to the
next. We already slew one deformed v!mp!r! and chased
away a Thalmudite (those you call the walking dead). In
return, they killed three of my allies and subjected one to
such mental horrors that she's now mad.

‘Sate Havens

Iran is blessed with many safe havens thanks tojiran
(bystanders) we've saved or to allies who ensure our well
being. You will discover that after saving someone' life
here, they are indebted to you, assuming they under-
stand what has transpired. This sometimes means offering
you sanctuary or food. Never abuse this relationship and
never tell them about your nature. They live longer that
way, and they can't understand the truth.

Tehran — Mellat Street. North of the low-priced
Asia Hotel is the Shiraz Hammam, a public bathhouse. If
you stay till closing at 10:00 PM, offer the old custodian
$10 U.S. He'll let you sleep there for the night on one of
the cots. He's ajar indebted to us, but he doesn't know of
the cause. In the morning, he'll return with taftun bread
(unleavened bread as large as a rolled-up newspaper)
filled with fresh fruit, steamed rice or even kebab (meat
strips). Ifyou're inneed of medical supplies, pay hima few
extra dollars to run to the local pharmacy.

Teng

By: Murua

While | appreciate the concern of outsiders for the
plight of the locals, I ask foreign hunters to stay out of
Iraq. We have little patience or time to educate and care
for visitors. The anarchy here creates an environment of
fear, and the akhira nestle deep within the government's
breast. If being a hunter means defending the people,
you'll eventually find your cause shifting to the liberation
movement and anti-Iraqi activities. After all, how can
you fight one monster and not fight them all?

Iraq's plummet saddens me, for she was once the
cradle of civilization and the heart of the Fertile Cres-
cent. A slow madness follows her history, and our political
climate grows more deranged each passing month. After
WWI, Iraq went from Ottoman rule to British control,
but that ended with its independence in 1932. The ruling
monarchy fell in 1958, leading to turmoil and coups until
1968 when the Ba'ath Party assumed power. The socialist
Ba'ath already ruled Syria and they trafficked regularly
with the Russians to protest America's support of Israel.
The following year, our troubles with Iran began in a
cycle of strife and conflict that sees no resolution to this
day. Matters appeared peaceful enough in the late ‘70s,
when Iran and Iraq reached a tentative peace agreement.
The oil boom fueled our economy then, and Kurdish
became an official language in recognition of the Kurds'
importance in Iraqi society. Then, in 1979, Saddam
Hussein came to power and the Iranian Revolution
ousted the shah.


The rest is history weeping. Hussein rightly feared
that the ruling Ayatollah Khomeini would inspire revo-
lution among the majority Shiite sect in Iraq. He
initiated one of the longest wars of the 20th Century, in
which Iraqi's oil-backed (and thus American-backed)
military power received the ecstatic devotion of the
entire Iranian people. The eight-year war stopped with
a UN peace initiative, but the Gulf War and crippling
American-sponsored sanctions broke the back of a
weakening country.

Since then, Iraq has become the richest poor coun-
try I know. Her oil reserves surpass that of the Saudis,
but according to the UN, Iraq can sell only $10 billion
American on condition that it pays for food and medi-
cine for its people. How much money do you think
actually comes to us? Hussein lives in opulence, rebuild-
ing his over 72 palaces whenever America teaches him
alesson by bombing us. Meanwhile, the dinar plummets
and our children die from malnutrition. Hussein ex-
ecutes thousands of his own officers and dozens of
relatives whenever fear grips his breast, and he slaugh-
ters Kurds and Ma'dan Marsh Arabs by the thousands.
Tourism is a forgotten word and Westerners cannot
obtain visas for entry unless they are journalists, with
the Red Cross or using non-American passports.

Avoid Iraq. If you cannot, remember this advice:
The Iraq-Jordan border is closed because Jordan was the
second nation to recognize Israel. Avoid the Iraq-
Kuwait crossing points, because guards detain and delay
visitors for the joy of annoying them. Also, do not sneak
across the Iran-Iraq frontier. Both sides have planted
over 25 million mines along the border. My military
friends say Iran's saturation is 25 mines per square mile,
while Iraq's is 60. If you must, ask locals to guide you and
leave either early at night or late in the day. Soldiers
place most mines overnight and the first casualties
occur between 9 and 10 A.M. when traffic gets under-
way. Allow others to lead and walk in their steps 100
feet behind. Most mines wound rather than kill, but
they use ball bearings and debris to shred victims' legs.
If you find a minefield, walk backward and don't take
the risk. Don't try to dig up mines to use them agains
the other side, either. The new models are too sophisti-
cated for our heavy fingers.

While the Syrian and Arabian borders are open
(and the large expanse of desert makes sneaking across
easier), travel is best at the Turkish border where traffic
is heavy, but orderly. In either case, if you cross the
borders with papers, you must provide proof that you are
free of AIDS and have had a Yellow Fever vaccination
within the last six months. If you manage to cross the
border, it's wise to head to Baghdad or Basra. Avoid the
UN-protected Kurdish Autonomous Region to the
north, since Iraq's eyes are everywhere there.

Tue Aurtorrries
Expect the police to search, follow and harass you,
so for the sake of Allah, do not carry weapons or

contraband. The Iraqi police can kill you and there is no
American embassy to protect your rights here.

Many Iraqi hunters join the Supreme Council of
lamic Resistance in Iraq (SCIRI) or smaller resistance cells
The fight against akhira is the very liberation of Iraq from
Hussein's hands. There's also the unfortunate truth that
many Iraqi kiswah join these groups only to kill the monsters
more easily. Instead of hunting alone, they can sometimes
direct the SCIRI against mutually beneficial targets. Thus,
they hide the assassination of one corrupt person of conse-
quence through the cell'sanonymity, instead of drawing the
police's undivided wrath on their heads alone.

The actions of one man are the actions of a lunatic.
The actions of many are a cause. Within groups, we
become faceless warriors with allies. The risks are too
great alone. What choice do we have when we must
fight our very government?

Finally, some hunt alone in Baghdad, but their
methodsare questionable. They ambush monsters wear-
ing uniforms by using car bombs, knowing the Iraqis will
blame Iran. Iranian Intelligence is eager to kill members
of Mujahadeen-e-Khalk (MKO), an anti-Iranian resis-
tance cell comprised of former Iranians. MKO hopes to
instate a woman, Maryam Rajavi, as President of Iran
when the Ayatollahs fall, but Iran retaliates by ass
nating the group's visible members. When the MKO
formed following the Shah's fall, it numbered 50,000.
After an aborted attempt to reclaim its country forcibly,
members dwindled to 20,000, with Iran killing 5,000
and capturing 25,000.

What does this have to do with Iraq's authorities,
you ask? MKO operates from Baghdad, a fact that
doesn't escape Iran. The Iraqi government supports the
MKO as both an ally against Iran and as a propaganda
coup. The Iranians, in turn, send assassins to kill mem-
bers of MKO using car bombs or anything else heavy on
collateral damage. This turns Baghdad into an unoffi-
cial warzone between Kurd terrorist attacks and Iranians
targeting expatriates. Naturally, the authorities are al-
ways wary of attacks against their MKO allies and
themselves, leaving unscrupulous hunters to take ad-
vantage of the crossfire.

The other problem with the MKOis that one-third of
its members and two-thirds of its officers are women. Many
female kiswah want to join the MKO because they believe
it empowers their cause as women. Unfortunately, they
support our enemy, the very government we fight against,
and they widen the schism between the genders. The result
is a battle between philosophical and political agendas,
with that against the monsters taking lesser importance.

Generac NezDs

You need what we cannot offer. Inflation sends
costs soaring well above reason. You'd be an ill-prepared
fool to arrive without your own equipment, such as
batteries, maps, chargers, flashlights, cameras, film,
water filters and hiking equipment. For food, conduct
your shopping between 8:00 and 9:00 AM, when shops


open. They close by noon or when their shelves are
empty (which is far more common these last few years).
Bring your own medicines; pharmacies lack even the
most common drugs.

Many of us join groups such as the SCIRI, the
outlawed Shiite Dawa Party in Basra or even the CIA-
backed Iraqi National Congress to obtain supplies or to
provide for our families. These are not services you can
simply purchase, though. Calling upon these move-
ments means volunteering your life for their cause. If
you are skillful enough to find the black market, be
warned that you will pay for their services and their
silence. Iraq is a web of informers. Nothing protects you
from their barbed tongues. | advise against dealing with
these criminals. Use American money or barter with
medicines and drugs if you must.

[beseech you, we are in desperate need of whatever
provisions you can offer and we can offer you far more in
return. If you truly wish to help, go to the Polish Embassy
inthe Masbah Quarter of Baghdad. It represents Ameri-
can interests in Iraq. Ask to speak with attaché Terrance
Podynzsky and tell him you wish to help in the relief
effort. Say no more than that, for Hussein's
everywhere. Terrance will take care of the rest.

Yue Wort oF AKHIRR

Sometimes I think the akhira control everything in
Iraq. When I see thralls to Adites and walking dead in
such positions of power that they stand behind Hussein
himself and smile for the cameras, it sickens my heart.

ars are

More so, we cannot attack them directly and must kill
from behind the veil of "freedom." If we confront these
monsters alone and armed only with our abilities, we
become common criminals. By using the tools of politi-
cal warfare — what you call terrorism — our actions
become the products of a movement and we are sud-
denly faceless.

If you wish to survive here, adopt our practices
Iraq's monsters hide within or behind important people.
While it is simpler to slay the common beasts, doing so
means we never touch those in real power. If we can
attack the head of the dragon, why pick at its tail? It is
the reality of our lives

Sare Havens

Many local hunters fight for the liberation of Iraq.
Those who oppose us work for Hussein's regime. Politics
touches everything here. Telling you where to find our
safe havens betrays our struggle to those kiswah who
oppose our efforts. I am sorry, but I can offer only one
sanctuary that remains neutral in this conflict. Neither
side touches this place.

Baghdad—Sharia Haifa Bazaar. Behind the Saddam
Art Centre (if you can swallow that bitter irony) is a
bazaar that includes the Attabeg Café. It is an old
establishment with a simple unadorned door announe-
ing its presence between two floor stalls. Finding it may
prove challenging, but inside is sanctuary. The owner is
Talib Sama'a, a hunter who lost his leg to a Midianite (a
shapechanging jackal). He no longer hunts (he barely


started when he was maimed), but the old basement
bomb shelter of his humble coffee shop is open to
anyone who needs some food and a place to sleep. Talib
cannot provide much, but he does his best without
involving himself.

Nercueorinc GounrRigs

It is ironic that I must cover Kuwait as well, seeing
as how Iraq's current woes stem from its invasion of that
tiny nation. The world hailed the international force
that drove Iraq from Kuwait as the savior of the op-
pressed. I will tell you, though: the United States
wouldn't have interfered had Saudi Arabia not felt
threatened. Kuwait was spared by virtue of its proximity
to America's ally.

Kuwait — Following the Gulf War, Kuwait's atti-
tudes have become more liberal. While no one wears
mini-skirts yet, women do not need to wear traditional
clothing as long as they dress moderately. Although
women can now vote in various elections, Bahrain
remains far more moderate. Unfortunately, Hussein
smashed Kuwait like an eggshell, leaving behind confu-
sion and destruction that took months to repair. We've
heard rumors that during that time there was a migra-
tion of sorts into Kuwait, an influx of nomadic monsters
that hid in Kuwait City and watched while people
rebuilt around them.

Isnt

By: Hopel23

Welcome, my friends, toa country that doesn't exist.
You won't find Israel on any map —at least not any Arab
ones. They still call the region Palestine. It is perhaps
wishful thinking that one day they will make that true
again. Until then, we are surrounded by enemies.

Israel is as old as the covenant between God and
Moses, but the Israel history recognizes is a product of
the 20th Century's most grievous injustice — the Ho-
locaust. When Jews fled from Nazi Germany, they
found little sympathy elsewhere, especially among the
Palestinians. Still, with Germany's defeat, international
pressure forced Britain (which ruled Palestine at the
time) to allow unrestricted Jewish immigration to the
region. The Arabs protested. Britain tried solving the
dilemma by suggesting that Palestine be partitioned
into two new states.

When they could no longer handle the problem,
the British turned the matter over to the UN, which
advocated creating a Jewish homeland within Pales-
tine. The Arabs refused, Britain pulled out and the
Jewish people seized control in 1948. Since then, we've
held Israel (despite three campaigns by Arab forces to
root us out) and even gained territory from Egypt,
Lebanon and Jordan.

Israel managed to forge treaties with her neighbors
Jordan and Egypt, and now works towards reconcilia-
tion with our old rivals the PLO. But still, we struggle
against fanatics, both Jewish and Arab, who refuse to

recognize each other's sovereign rights. Our own gov-
ernment shifts between moderates and hard-liners,
sabotaging a desperately needed peace initiative with
the Palestinians who account for 15% of Israel's popu-
lation. Civil unrest isa constant threat between agitated
Palestinians who attack settlements and buses and frus-
trated Jews who retaliate with equal venom. At the
heart of this struggle lies the war to reclaim Jerusalem,
acity holy to all three major religions of God.

If political and ethnic tensions are not threat enough,
we have our share of monsters reveling in the chaos and
seemingly aggravating the already unstable situation. Still,
Israel is easy to reach from the West, especially for Ameri-
cans. The United States gives us two billion dollars a year
tospendon ourdefenses, in addition to three billion dollars
each year in the form of various relief programs and aide
packages. You need only a passport to enter Israel at places
like Ben Gurion Airport in Tel Aviv, unless you're Middle
Eastern or African. Upon arriving, you can also ask the
custom official to stamp your entry permit and not your
passport. This allows you to travel to other Arab countries
without the "Israeli Stigma" in your documents. Just be
careful. Upon entering Jordan or Egypt from the Israeli
border, customs officials mark you with entry stamps
indicating that you visited Israel. To circumvent this, you
can try and place a false page in your passport after other
used pages and throw it away after it's stamped.

When traveling in Israel, carry enough money so
customs doesn't consider you an undesirable seeking
employment, and carry some proof of your intent to
leave the country. Otherwise they can deny you entry.
If you pass without trouble, Israel awaits. I suggest you
visit Tel Aviv, while avoiding the Occupied Territories
along the West Bank and Gaza Strip. Also, stay out of
East Jerusalem. Angry Palestinians hold these areas and
are notabove stabbing or kidnapping you. Driving isnot
a safe method of travel, either. People in these territo-
ries throw rocks at your car and there are three deaths
every 100 million kilometers because of bad drivers.

Tue Rurtoririss

Ifyoubelieve the Arabsare paranoid, you have not met
the Israeli police or military. Israel spends 20% of its budget
on defense concernsalone—we are what the U.S. would be
like if it were under martial law. At border crossings, the
authoritiesquestion your visit vehemently andsearch through
everything you own. The police are well armed and very
suspicious of visitors with camerasand video recorders. Even
journalists must submit their footage to the censor'soffice,so
you can imagine how they feel about strangers snapping
pictures of anything not remotely historical.

Iwam younot to carry weapons in Israel, for the police
havea sixth sense for these things. The government trains
them tospotpotential assassins who mightattacka busload
of passengers or open fire on a school. They scrutinize
everything, for the cost of peace isn't vigilance, it's para-
noia. Nationalities mean nothing to them. Even if you are
an American with an Arab surname, expect the police ot


even the secret service Shin Bet to keep watch over your
every move. If they arrest you on suspicion of subversive
behavior (including anything related to the hunt), they
will hold you without allowing you contact with your
consulate, relatives or allies for some time — usually long
enough to conduct grueling interrogations.

We've also heard a frightening rumor that Shin Bet
knows we exist. Police recently arrested two hunters |
knew remotely. Observers watching the jail said agents
from Shin Bet took the hunters into custody after drugging
them (even though they were already handcuffed). I fear
the implications of this revelation, for it could signal the
government's attempts to press us into their service

Equiemenr Nezbs

Finding and buying equipment in Israel might prove
troublesome unless you are adept at improvising. Fortu-
nately, we have widespread Internet access, meaning you
can contact other hunters and share resources over the
net. If you wish to risk black-market avenues, avoid the
Palestinians as suppliers. They do not appreciate requests
to purchase weapons when they are often limited them-
selves. Israel has a thriving criminal element, however,
the strongest being the Israeli Syndicate and the Red
Mafia — which arrived with the Russian refugees. The
latteris the most dangerous in my mind for many reasons.
It hides among 700,000 Russian émigrés and draws re-
sources from frightened Jews who now constitute 15% of.
our population. Second, many Mafia members served
with Soviet forces and still have allies in East Germany
and Russia's military. They possess weapons and drugs
enough, politicians fear, to destabilize Israel. The Rus-
sians are also heavy handed and ruthless, torturing and
murdering anyone in their way. Finally, Red Mafia lieu-
tenants and other high-ranking members are supposedly
marked. There is the taint of rots about them, or some
other supernatural influence that pollutes their blood.

Yue Wont oF Aknina

Egypt claims her share of ancient threats, but Jerusa-
lem draws many creatures as well. In the Old City, where
Christian, Jew, Muslim and Armenian Quarters lie shoul-
derto shoulder beneath the silent gaze of the Dome of the
Rock, the shadows move, walls weep and the stone angels
in the Church of the Holy Sepulchre turn their heads
when youaren't looking. In the streets around the district
of Haram ash-Sharif, in the city's Muslim Quarter, hunt-
erssay they cannot communicate through the kufic script
foundin the Mamluk'sarchitecture. Itsupposedly plagues
them with words they do not understand and robs them
oftheir sanity. There is a living sorrow engulfing the city,
and it stirs religious tensions.

Inthe Occupied Territories, Palestinian and Israeli
kiswah war against one another and rarely help anyone
outside their community. When there are deadly riots
orprotests, there is a fair chance the victims will return
astots or shamblers. Instead of stopping them, hunters
direct these creatures against one another. The war of
politics and religion are all that concerns them. Mean-

while, their actions create more restless spirits and more
walking dead to harm the fellaheen.

Sare Havens

Universal safe havens are difficult to find in Israel,
since few people are actually neutral. Most hunters,
including we Israelis, rely on networks within our own
communities. The Jewish people alone fall into several
groups: the Russians, the Ashkenazi from Central and
Eastern Europe, the Sephardi who date their lineage
back to 15th-Century Portugal and Spain, Oriental
Jews originating from Muslim or Arabic countries and
Ethiopian Jews. These groups do not always get along,
and language is certainly a great barrier since many are
still first-generation refugees. As result, hunters from
these groups and from among the Arab Muslims, Arab
Christians and Druze all protect their own people.
When one group announces a safe haven, the others
sabotage it (even, in one instance, going so far as to
mine the location). Some of us struggle to change this
situation, but until then Israel has no true safe havens.

LeeaHon

By: al-Amin

When | hear friends and family tell me Lebanon is
reclaiming her former glory, I cannot help but grieve
quietly. Nearly 30 years of intermittent war blinds us to
many things — a condition a psychologist friend calls
prolonged war-trauma disorder. We try and explain the
horrors we've seen by creating our own unique rationale.
A mortar attack destroys a building and the only thing
neighbors can say is: "They lived on the wrong side of the
street. Everyone knows that side is bombed more often."
Thirty years of struggle and strife with ourselves, with the
Syrians and with the Israelis has made my people blind to
their reality. This makes Lebanon a utopia for monsters,
for we willingly justify any event or tragedy in the
quickest and most convenient terms. We stopped asking
questions because nobody had answers.

Beirut was once the Paris of the Middle East thanks
to Western influences and the city's location as a geo-
graphic hub with Europe. During WWII, Lebanon earned
independence from the French, but the power remained
with well-educated Christians, not with the Muslims
who wanted the country to join Syria. This tension
served as catalyst for innumerable conflicts, but not
before Beirut followed the Western models of culture and
society — she was a city of three languages (Arabic,
French and English) and 17 different religious sects.

When the Muslims revolted against their lack of
representation in the government decades ago, they
dragged local Palestinian refugees into the conflict.
The Christians asked for Syria's help, and eventually
Israel embroiled itself in the war when Hezbollah
fanatics launched attacks against the Zionist State
from southern Lebanon. We've now seen 30 years of
conflict and periodic fighting, but the Lebanese are
tenacious if nothing else. The country is still more
West than East— with Internet cafes, fashion-minded


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

citizens, nightclubs and all the latest American films
— and would be a perfect beachhead for us into the
region were it not a political minefield. Outwardly,
Beirut rebuilds from its own ashes with Syria's help,
becoming a new Paris, but I can only wonder how the
last few decades have taxed our very souls.

Entering Lebanon is simple, whether you request a
visa from Beirut airport or arrive at a border crossing
(though I recommend obtaining your visa beforehand)
Like most Arab nations, Lebanon refuses anyone with an
Israeli stamp on their passport; your best option is flying
into Lebanon or using the northern border with Syria (but
expect to pay bribes). To the south is Israel and the
Palestinian Territories, while the west holds the Bekaa
Valley. The Bekaa Valley contains beautiful Roman monu-
ments and archaeological sites, but far outside the city of
Baalbek are training camps for Palestinian Hamas and
Islamic Hezbollah who fight against the Israelis. While
tourists are not in danger here, hunters are in peril. I''ve
heard reports from regional kiswah who say the training
camps have their share ofakhira-touched guerillas. Attack-
ing them is to hazard death, and they notice strangers.

Tue Rurnoririzs

Lebanon's police are a paramilitary force slowly
regaining power (we wonder where Lebanon's army
ends and Syria's "peacekeepers" begin). When fighting
erupted between Christians and Muslims, the police
shattered into factions who allied themselves with the
different militias. Thankfully, the governmentdisbanded

the militias in the early ‘90s and created a new police
force — though old rivalries and vendettas still exist
Lebanon's police are much like their North American
counterparts. Youhave nothing to fear ifyoudon'tbreak the
law. Lebanon'spolice carry fully automatic weaponsbe
they are a paramilitary force. All Lebanese hunters can tell
at least one tale about fighting monsters only to find
themselves under fire from well-armed Gendarmes. While
we hunt only monsters, the police are never certain if
anotherpolitical skirmish has broken out. They shoot tokill.

Equirwenr Neds

We have nearly every luxury found in the West, and
what you can't obtain legally is on the black market.
Finding weapons is particularly simple thanks to the
conflicts in the 1970s and ‘80s. | had a friend who
gathered the guns and unexploded mortars scattered
around his apartment building. He had a large collec-
tion — until the Israelis bombed the Muslim half of
Beirut and killed him.

Beirut's black-market trade is extensive and easy to
find. It ranges from hashish dealers who sell drugs at the
American University of Beirut to weapons sellers with
connections to Bekaa Valley and southern guerillas. If
you are truly desperate for weapons or anything else,
visit Antoine's Café on Hamra Road (Rue 31). Itserves
a very rough clientele, and many people there either
hope to buy or sell something. Be warned, though: Few
"tourists" visit there — someone may follow you to
uncover your agenda.


Your best hope is finding a local hunter through the
Internet who can act as your liaison to the underworld
(some are even blatant enough to advertise their ser-
vices through the kufic script). Even before we became
kiswah, many of us dealt with the black market, purchas-
inggenerators when the city rationed electricity, medical
supplies when the hospitals turned patients away and
weapons to protect our families from bands of squatters
who took over "empty" apartments.

Yue Wort oF AKHIRA

Though it pains me to admit it, mental scarring from
over 30 years of fighting has created a psychology of
acceptance among the Lebanese that allows us to accept
most horrors. We ignore horribly mutilated bodies be-
cause we've seen car-bombsurvivors or the torture victims
of different militias. We ignore the screams at night,
because screams are the only thing we've heard the last
few decades. This means monsters walk about uncon-
cemed with being caught. But it also means you can hunt
atnight fearing only the beasts and authorities. Beirut, in
particular, has an active nightlife with discotheques and
bars, so you're never out of place out at night.

I once spoke with an Adite that claimed it suffered
during the war, as well. The bombings, rocket attacks and
strife killed many its kind, driving the more ancient to
such places as Baalbek, Sidon and Tripoli. These older
beasts supposedly support the various guerilla move-
ments in Bekaa and southern Lebanon, directing the
groups for their own private means. Younger creatures
made their homes in the ruins of Beirut and fed from the
milk of human misery as mercenaries. This worries me,
for the monsters born of Beirut came into their hellish
existence learning to fight as we do. Why kill an oppo-
nent with fangs when you can use car bombs, fanatics or
Russian assault rifles? Learn this lesson quickly, for the
monsters of the Middle East might be like any other, but
the beasts of Lebanon have fought wars.

Sars Havens

It is easy to find yourself hunted by both police and
monsters in Lebanon, so take note of these locations.

American University of Beirut (AUB) —Rue Bliss.
Situated in Beirut's Hamra district, the AUB's campus is
beautiful with its open expanses of green and the Mediter-
raneanshoreline to the north. Along the campus' southern
edge is the Penrose Men's Dormitory, which is shaded by
trees. Follow the western wall until you reach the fifth
window from the southwest corner. The window is un-
locked, allowing you to slip into amaintenance room with
medical supplies, canned food and a blanket. It isn't
opulent, but it's safe if you use it at night.

Baalbek — Rue Abdel Halim Hajjar, Unit 8. Just
one block west of the Ash-Shams Hotel is a private
residence belonging to Mrs. Dajanni. Her son was a
hunter who died while protecting her, so she knows
something of the cause — at least that there are other
things to out there to fight than man. She cannot host
strangers in her home (unless they are women) for it is

improper, but she does have a "guest shack" behind her
house for travelers. She provides a warm bed and will
offer you traditional Arabic food. Don't take advantage
of her hospitality for too long and don't lead monsters
there. Many kiswah, including two regional women,
love Mrs. Dajanni as a mother and protect her fiercely.

Spuni Angin

By: Tarjiman220

Salaam, guests, we now speak of the country very dear
tomy own heart. Westerners believe oil makes Saudi great,
but they forget that our history predates the Roman.
Empire. Saudi Arabia is home to Islam and is the corner
stone of Allah's throne on Earth in the form of our Holiest
Shrine — the Ka'bah. Even without Islam and oil to
inflame her eminence, Saudi was one of two nations to
remain free from British and French influence following
WWI. At the time, the hoary Ottoman Empire ruled the
Middle East with a waning fist, but hoped to re-ignite its
legacy by allying itself with the Axis powers. The British
appealed to Meccaand convinced the young Sa'ud Empire
to revolt against the Ottomans. After the war, the British
did not oppose then Sa'ud patriarch Abd al-Aziz from
consolidating the former Ottoman territories in the Ara-
bian Peninsula under his rulership. In 1932, Saudi Arabia
was born (though I wonder — had the British known of
Saudi's true wealth, would they have let us go so easily').

Since 1938, when Saudi Arabia discovered it pos-
sessed enough oil to compete in the international market,
it has remained one of the greatest oil-producing na-
tions. It is also infamous for being difficult to visit if you
are not Muslim. To enter, you must either have a
sponsor (aservice I cannot offer), a transit visa (valid for
three days), you must become Muslim (through the hajj,
or pilgrimage visa) or you must sneak across the border.
There is enough open desert and shore to accomplish
the last, but I do not recommend it. Saudi Arabia is wary
of Iraq because of the Gulf War and of Iran because
Saudis fear the Ayatollah. Thus, we monitor the north-
ern border and eastern shoreline carefully. That leaves
the less-defended border along Jordan or the hope that
you can find someone to smuggle you across.

If you do manage to enter, welcome. Saudi Arabia
is among the safer countries for Westerners because of
the many foreign oil and telecommunication compa-
nies here. Expatriates have been part of Saudi since they
first discovered oil, and very few factions actively seek
to excise Western influence.

Still, do not come here unprepared. Know where
you need to go and learn the requirements of our five
provinces. Find someone to forge your entry papers or
plastic identity cards. This is especially important in the
Eastern Province along the Gulf, where our principal oil
fields and expatriate compounds are located (Wildcat-
ter184 discusses this in greater detail). If you can, avoid
the Al Hijaz Province along the Red Sea's mountainous
coastline. Itholds the principle cities of Mecca, Medina
and Jiddah. Few foreigners work out this far, and Mecca


Tue Foreign Compounds

By: Wildcatter184

By now you've heard Tarjiman or others use
"compound," "camps" or "expatriate" and you've
wondered what they're talking about. Westerners
working abroad are called expatriates. Filipino, In-
dian and Pakistani workers are simply called by their
nationality (sorry, chaps).

| "Compounds" are enclosed camps where expa-

jj triates live and work. They range in size from an
outpost to a small city. The Saudis created these
barbed-wire enclosures to "protect" us from the desert
wilds or from unscrupulous Bedouins. Truthfully, 1
think they're protecting their own arses from deca-
dent Western influences, since any animal with the
tenacity to survive in the desert can burrow under the
fence. Despite how it sounds, the compounds are
actually oases of civilisation. The Saudis provide real
free-standing homes for families and apartments for
bachelors, manicured lawns, company cars, sports
fields, schools (for expatriate kids based on the British
school system), one movie theatre per compound, a
cafeteria or mess hall, a grocery store or canteen and
at least one swimming pool. The smallest compound
houses as few as 10 to 15 families, while the largest is
Dhahran, a city built for several thousand expatriates
and their loved ones.

While it's not the ideal setting for most people,

i] there's money here for the taking if you're willing to
make sacrifices. Sure, the law requires men and women
use separate entrances or to sit in different waiting

ms, but when the government taxes you only 5% of
‘yourincome nomatter how much you pullin, I'llgladly
avoid women. I came to the Middle East after the Gulf
| War when Saddam left' 732 rigs burning. At over $700
USS. a day, working for the Kuwaitis then the Saudis,
I could retire now if weren't so damn greedy.

Most compounds are in the Eastern Province
and are the best places for visiting hunters can hide.
Getting into the camps is a problem, though, be-
cause the Saudi government issues plastic
photo-identity cards to all workers. If you want
access to a camp, you need an "I" level card. If you
want entry into the telecommunications hub in
Dhahran, get yourself an "F" through "D" card. The
cards aren't high tech, so obtaining forgeries is fairly
simple. Abid Hamid, who runs the Shahafi Photo-
copy Centre in Khobar (a mid-size Arab city 20
minutes outside Dhahran), charges 1,500 riyals
(about $400 American) to create a forged plastic ID
card. Passports and visas cost much more.

is open to only Muslims. Jiddah, a massive port city, is
very industrial and perhaps the easiest place to hide if
you know people there.

The Northern Frontier and Central Province are
likewise risky. Both are open deserts with scattered
towns. The locals will notice you immediately and the
authorities will question you. Your best hope in the
Central Province is Riyadh, the capital of Saudi, where
enough foreigners live and work for you to slip in
unnoticed. Obey the local customs and it is unlikely
that the authorities will demand to see your papers.

That leaves the fifth province, the desolate Ar Rub
al-Khali, the infamous Empty Quarter. This vast desert
expanse is the size of your Texas, with a permanent
population of zero. On maps, it is a blank space of solid
color, but this belies the dancing desert of shifting dunes
and liquid sands. Even technology fails to tame her.
Leave this land to the Bedouins, for the Empty Quarter
offers no mercy. If it fails to kill you, the wild monsters
plaguing its nights will finish the job.

Despite the great tracts of sand dividing many
communities, Saudi Arabia has one of the best-devel-
oped telecommunications networks in the Middle East.
And yet, the lines of communication are not always
safe. Saudi uses the latest American technology and
many foreigners report hearing odd clicks over their
phones. One hunter foolishly shared information in a
phone conversation and found his line disconnected
within minutes. He fled immediately. The police were
at his door within the half-hour. Few Saudi kiswah
conduct their business over the phone.

Internet services are almost nonexistent, and are
difficult to obtain because the Saudi government fears
the web's potential for moral decadence. There is a way
around this, however. Next to the Dhahran expatriate
compound is the Dhahran Marine Base and American
Consulate. They possess Internet connections. Appat-
ently several marines will download and transmit
messages if you provide them with a floppy diskette and
$100 dollars (325 riyals or so) each time. I do not know
their identities, but I believe Wildcatter184 can con-
tact them directly.

Tue Rurnoriries

Saudi's monarchy lives in constant fear of a revolu-
tion. The country owes its birth to the Bedouin tribes
that united under the conservative Wahabbi move-
ment and bespoke of a return to a fundamental Islam.
With the discovery of oil and the flood of foreign
companies, the Saudi government walks a fine line
between keeping pace with American sponsors and
retaining the traditional values of Wahabbism. Ini-
tially, the government followed in Iran's steps of
Westernization, but when the Ayatollah Khomeini
overthrew the Shah, Saudi returned to more moderate
ways to appease the conservative Shiite sects. One
result was the mutawwa, religious police who bear much
in common with the Iranian monkeraat.


While the mutawwa do not carry firearms, they
have the government's full blessing to enforce standards
of religious integrity. Their threat disturbs many West-
emers who still adjust to life here, but expatriate
compounds offer refuge because the mutawwa cannot
venture there. The ordinary police can, though.

Equirwexy Necbs

Saudi Arabia is the land of plenty. Food and medi-
cines are abundant and cheap no matter where you are,
and we have the latest electronic devices (except for
technology that the government fears people can use
against it). Thanks to Arabia's deep pockets, hospitals
are well maintained and free, as are most essential
services. Again, though, you need identity cards or
passports to enjoy these amenities as expatriates.

Finding firearms is difficult for several reasons.
Chief is Saudi Arabia's fear of revolt, which was vali-
dated when 300 extremists seized the Ka'bah and Grand
Mosque for 10 days in 1979, killing 250 worshippers in
the process. Since then, the government has enforced
strict constraints on firearms, even limiting police offic-
ers to six bullets each in one period, according to rumor.

Where there is a will, there is Muhammad ibn-
Yousif, a weapons dealer in the town of Al Jawf (125
miles south of Jordan's border). The town straddles
an old caravan route that once belonged to the
ancient Nabataean Empire, which controlled local
trade in the centuries before the Prophet Jesus. I
mention this because ruined Nabataean outposts still

dot the desert. Whatever fate befell them was enough
to keep angry spirits around. Ibn-Yousif is a kiswah
who protects the locals from the growing incursions
of akhira crossing the Jordanian border. While he
remains a businessman and sells only small arms,
other kiswah knows he is fair.

Tue Wort oF Axwing

‘A Western colleague once asked why, if we know
where our greatest perceived threats lie, we do not deal
with them immediately? If we organized our efforts, the
paranoid Saudi government would believe us revolu-
tionaries and curn the military against us. While the
Iraqi hide their activities behind a cause, we must do the
opposite and conduct our efforts alone or in very small
groups, lest we raise suspicion.

Our greatest known threats currently reside in
three places.

The Empty Quarter — This desolate region was a
corrupt paradise before Allah smote the people of Ad,
turned their gardens to dust and drowned their capital
Wabar in sand. Since then, the monsters of Ad are said
to lurk beneath the desert, but whatever awoke us to our
destiny as kiswah also awoke their evil. While this ex-
panse remains far from the government's prying eyes, we
cannot approach it without the help of the local Bedouin.
Hunters who have survived their journey there claim to
have seen some tribes of Bedu serving Adites that burst
from the sleeping sand every night. Another survivor of
a doomed expedition saw a dune made of spiders sweep


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

across his encampment and leave nothing behind but
white bone and tattered tents.

Nabataean Ruins and the Jordanian Border —
Two thousand years ago, a trading people known as the
Nabataean ruled the region now called Jordan and built
outposts along their trade routes. Now their once grand
city of cliff stone is lost to the ages, but their legacy lives
on in ruins and whispers. The Bedouin always believed
the Nabataean sites haunted and with good reason.
They are. It is as though an entire nation became ghosts
and refused to lie silent. They wandered the deserts,
angry and hateful.

Now that the dead are awake, the Nabataean
"shamblers," those we call Thalmudites, return to those
places they remembered in life, when the world pos-
sessed different borders. They cross the Jordanian frontier
into Arabia, following the ancient trade routes and
bringing misery with each step. Hunters such as
Muhammad ibn-Yousif in Al Jawfa protect the borders
to the best of their ability, while others like Abu
Qutayba, leader of the Sabah, guides his Bedouin tribe
across the sands of Jordan, Syria and Saudi Arabia,
stalking monsters with his entire family. There is no
greater honor than performing ikhwan al-harb (brother-
hood of war) or the communal wardance with his tribe
in combat. This shared gift allows us to fight alongside
one another as one body, one mind.

Khobar Towers —The Saudis have always provided

for the Bedouin, and that has included building them four
apartment towers in Khobar. This enclosed complex
shares an enormous underground parking lot and its own
stores and shops. The Bedouin, however, refused to move
into the apartments for fear of losing the open sky, and so
the buildings sit empty and abandoned. It is a foreboding

and decrepit part of Khobar's skyline. More so, behind its
boarded windows and chained gates is a sanctuary for
monsters (rots at the very least) and droves of mortal
slaves. We cannot attack it openly. The authorities
obviously know enough to ignore it. And there are too
many beasts within to attack it as fallen compatriots have
discovered. Nor can we burn it down without killing the
hostages and slaves. The only choice left is what we've
been doing for the past few months. We sneak in occa-
sionally during daylight hours when all are asleep and
rescue what children we can find.
Sate Havens

We have our share of monsters and we have our share
of hope. This is how it should be. Once you are familiar
with these places, you will discover more on your own.

Dhahran — 12 Falcon Court. This is a quiet
neighborhood of apartment homes linked together
around a large courtyard. House #12 belongs to an
American expatriate ally and doctor named Mitchell
whose family lives in America during the school year.
He takes on boarders for a couple of weeks at a time,
except for June, July, the beginning of August and at the
end of December. You must have a passport, identity

card and legitimate visa, because he does not want any
hint of impropriety if the police search his home. He
knows a little of the cause, but will not interfere in your
business or ask any questions. He'd prefer not to know
anything. As a doctor Mitchell, can also tend to your
wounds

Jeddah — Al-Qabel, at the Zahab Street Overpass.
Just before the juice stand is an old sewer grate hidden in
the alley between two old buildings. Lift it and you'll enter
Jeddah's ancient and now dry sewer system. Head east,
then turn left at the second junction and left at the next
one after that. That main line would have brought you
directly to the Red Sea had the Al-Faisalia Plaza construc-
tion not collapsed the tunnels. Smugglers once brought
goods off docked ships past Jeddah's Harbor Authority
through this network. Now, the east-west line is aban-
doned and contains a maintenance room where hunters
can hide. In it you'll find a first-aid kit and three cots.
Interconnected tunnels are dead ends since the surround-
ing construction all but destroyed the old sewer lines. That
means there is only one way in or out, so be careful.

Nercueorinc CounrRies

Saudi Arabia shares borders with many smaller
countries, but I thought it prudent that you should
benefit from the observations of other writers in the
cases of Qatar and Kuwait. The privilege of discussing
the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Yemen still falls
to me, since these countries constitute the southern
crescent of Saudi's peninsula.

Oman — | love the Omani people, but | must say
they have a very unusual country. Oman is traditional
by the standards of Bahrain or Lebanon, but it allows the
Indians to maintain a temple to Shiva (this is almost
unheard of among Muslims, who learn that polytheism
is anathema to Allah). The landscape itself is moun-
tainous and beautiful, but oddly placed borders with the
United Arab Emirates (UAE) have created three Omans
separated from each other geographically. The largest is
Oman proper, which maintains an open border with the
UAE and Saudi Arabia. The second Oman is the quiet
Musandam Peninsula to the north (at the Arabian
Gulf's Strait of Hormuz). The third is Madha, an island
of territory within the UAE itself. They are all part of
the sultan's territory and under the influence of the
country's Consultative Counsel. I hear this geographic
puzzle creates an unusual situation in which the smaller
"Omans" are actually enclaves for rich Arab akhira,
while the wilderness of Oman proper is a haven for
monsters of the mountains.

The United Arab Emirates — The progressive
UAE is a league of seven affiliated nations and is
exceedingly pro-West by any Arab standard, even by
Israel's. While Globetrotter expounds the virtues of
Bahrain, I believe the UAE is a far better starting point
for visiting hunters. The two principal cities, the capital
Abu Dhabi and Dubai are both bastions of Western
architecture and aesthetics. In fact, Dubai hosts the best


nightlife of any Middle Eastern country save for Leba-
non, and the price of gold is astoundingly cheap (the
UAE is equivalent to a duty-free zone) for hunters
bypassing the exchange rates in other countries. With
over 1.5 million Asian workers residing in the UAE,
you might also expect some hunters from the Far East to
protect their people from harm. Fortunately, there does
not appear to be a central threat or prevalent danger
from monsters there, so hunters may not need to worry
about avoiding this location or that neighborhood.

Yemen —My heart cries for Yemen. It is one of the
poorest nations in the world, but it still struggles desper-
ately to pull its own people from the mire. Yemen's
northern and southern halves, the latter of which was a
socialist government, reunited recently. Despite at-
tempts to create a democracy and move toward social
enlightenment, the country is near destitute, with little
money for badly needed programs. It has among the
lowest literacy rates in the Arab world and suffers from
occasional riots when finances force the government to
lift its subsidies on wood and food. Yemen's politics rely
greatly on tribal coalitions and alliances, but are also
easy prey for influential or rich monsters. Local hunters
find themselves sorely outmatched by akhira who reput-
edly pay the government large sums of money to maintain
private estates and palaces away from public scrutiny
and free from police meddling. One hunter who re-
cently vanished (May Allah bless his way) told me that

the Wadi Dahr palace outside the capital of San'a
always throws gat parties for Yemen's political and

social elite. (Qat is a chewable narcotic that's more
popular locally than cigarettes.) The palace is a fortress
and the in-staff security all appears to be mortals en-
slaved to Adites. It isn't uncommon to see guests leaving
in similar straits.

Svan

By: Jibril

Having studied and completed university in the
United States, I have an understanding of both cultures
and can say that my homeland Syria has earned an
undeserved reputation in the West. Syria once included
Lebanon, Israel and Jordan. After WWII and liberation
from Ottoman and later French occupiers, Syria lost
those lands, For nearly a decade, we suffered coups and
strife until the Ba'ath finally assumed power in 1954.
Since then, the Ba'ath Socialist Party has treated Syria
well, despite a tumultuous and bloody 1960s filled with
overthrows and revolts.

Westerners never forgave us our "flirtations" with
the USSR or Communist advisors. But times change
and while Syria is still a military state, it is the friendliest
Arab country. In fact, Christians compose nearly 13%
ofthe population. The head of state is Muslim, but Syria
has no official religion.

We fought Iraq in the Gulf War, lessened our
military stance toward Israel and now try to attract
tourists. Unlike Iranians, to whom visitors are still

outsiders, the Syrian people are genuine and sincere. If
you ride public transports or taxis, you will share your
ride with Syrians — most of whom engage you in
conversation since English is our second language (older
generations also know French). Don't be surprised if a
Syrian invites you for tea, dinner, to meet his family or
to watch television after speaking with you for only a
few minutes. This offer is rarely anything more than a
friendly gesture. It isn't uncommon for such hosts to
invite you to stay for a few days and expect nothing in
return save for a civilized guest. This is the code of
hospitality in its purest form. While Bahrain can accli-
mate you to the Arab world, Syria helps you understand
the Arab people. Don't be scared to question a host
about our customs, politics or geography. Sharing in-
sights about our own culture delights us.

I admit, Syria is not entirely faultless, but at least I
can lay this blame at the feet of our government. Obtain
your visa from your birth country well before arriving or
customs will turn you away. Internet providers are
outlawed here and using adapters to dial long-distance
is illegal. This does not mean it isn't possible, just that
the government will arrest and deport you. Syria is also
home to different terrorist groups including the radical
Hezbollah, the Popular Front for the Liberation of
Palestine (PPLP), Hamas and the PPK. While our
countryside is open to tourists, avoid the regions far
south of Damascus such as the Duruz mountain range
and those villages bordering Jordan and Israel. The PLO
once maintained camps there with Syria's consent.
With Arafat pursuing more respectable avenues of
liberation, these guerilla camps now belong to the
Palestinian, and devoutly Islamic, Hamas, the PPLP
and Hezbollah. Along the northern border with Tur-
key, enclaves of Kurds support the PPK movement by
fighting the Turkish government for a new homeland.
Syria continues to deny the activities or even presence
of these groups, but they sufficiently hamper Syria's
diplomatic endeavors.

Yue Aurnoriries

Iknow Americans don't take Arab military prowess
seriously, and perhaps initially for good reason. Syria
has always been a military state, however, so never
forget that the police are well-armed and well-trained
soldiers. I've heard that, thanks to Syria's former con-
tacts with the USSR, many of our newest military
trainers are former members of Russia's feared GRU.

Thakfully, Syria's relations with the West are im-
proving. We've never held entire embassies hostage, so
even the authorities bear no hostility or suspicion
toward visitors. Do not walk around with weapons,
which the government restricts heavily, but neither
should you fear being detained or searched for no
apparent reason. That said, you are in a military state
and the authorities can misinterpret your pursuit of the
cause as an act of sedition or terrorism. The Syrian
government is particularly vigilant, because of the pres-


ence of the Hamas, Hezbollah and PPK and because of
potential retribution by Turkey or Israel.

Equiemeny Needs

Finding common equipment such as medical or
camping supplies is easy. The difficulty is in procuring
weapons or Internet access. You can solve the latter
problem by sneaking in a laptop, a RJ-11 telephone
connector and a two-pin round adapter for a 220-volt
plug. Just be sure you're ready to lose this equipment if
your bribe attempt fails (which is rare). If you are outside
a major city such as Damascus or Aleppo, you can't call
your Internet provider since you must make the call
through the operator who phones you back when the
line is open.

Asfor weapons, finding and dealing with the Syrian
black market is a tricky venture. You need American
money to complete transactions. The Syrian black
market relies heavily on the Turkish Mafia (the second
largest in the world after the Italian). Syria only benefits
from its northern neighbor because of its proximity to
the drug and weapon pipeline originating in Afghani-
stan and cutting across Iran before hitting southeastern
Turkey. If the Syrian black market is lucky enough, it
sometimes profits from a redirected caravan that reaches
Ain Diwar or Hassake in northeastern Syria.

In this case, the woman to speak to is Selma
Mahra, a supposed lieutenant in Turkey's PKK and a
former member of the Kurdistan Free Women's Union

(afemale suicide-bomber group). People in Ain Dawar

know and respect her, but she is also horribly disfig-
ured. She somehow survived her own suicide bombing,
but not before the explosion wiped her features clean.
Many of us suspect she once served Adites, but she is
more useful alive than dead. She negotiates the sale
of weapons and contraband, but be warned that she
often haggles for higher prices in order to force you or
anyone else into buying weapons through favors.
These obligations include smuggling and potential
mercenary work.

Tue Wort oF AKHIRR

If I were to chose one place where evil infests, it
would be the Old City of Damascus, where the streets
wind like a dancing dervish and the lanes are so narrow
that overhanging rooftops connect to create alleys of
darkness. We've heard rumors that mortal blood cults
and ancient walking dead make homes in buildings long
forgotten by history. More upsetting are the allies we
frequently lose in the city's heart and the rumor that a
plague of ants ate one hunter's insides out while he still
lived. At best, all we can do is deal with the seemingly
abundant number of mortal slaves that serve Adites in
Old Damascus.

Another place that is less dangerous, but for some
strange reason draws creatures such as shamblers, is the
cloth market of Khan al-Jumruk in the Aleppo's old
district. Southeast of the Great Mosque, this sug (also
called bazaar and khan) dates back to the Ottoman
period and isa labyrinth of alleys and stalls. The high-


vaulted ceilings and thick support columns create a
dark interior, and the flood of people makes it prime
hunting ground for creatures looking to feast on the
helpless. If you're new to the city, you can also find
other hunters here. Just pay attention to the graffiti or
hand-painted signs and you will encounter familiar
Western symbols.

Sate Havens

Asa foreigner, you have many options for sanc-
tuary, including invitations off the street. If you
need to sleep or you're hungry, take a bus ride and
you might be lucky enough to receive an invitation
from a local. Do not, however, abuse this privilege
by overextending your welcome or by leading mon-
sters to your host.

Ifyou're being followed orare injured, try the following.

Aleppo — Khan an-Nahaseen. This suq borders
Khan al-Jumruk on the east and is even more of a
maze than its neighbor. Western hunter markings
lead you deep into the bazaar until you find an old,
white Suzuki van almost wedged between two petma-
nent stalls. It serves as a makeshift booth for the
owner. If you squeeze past the van and neighboring
stall, you'll find a doorway out of sight from the suq's
foot traffic. Inside is a small room with bandages,
iodine and a smelly hole in the ground thai
atoilet. If the stall's owner knows someone is resting
in the room, he'll leave you some fresh bread, fruits
and water in a basket under the van's hood (the
engine block is missing)

Damascus — Halbouni Street. At the Hejaz Train
Station, along the track closest to Halbouni Street,

there is an overgrown sidetrack where an abandoned
and rusting train cabssits. The doors are chained and the
windows are boarded up, but underneath the cab is a
hole in the floor that you can crawl through. The
accommodations are sparse. A pile of smelly seat cush-
ionsmakesan acceptable mattress. also ensure that the
first-aid kit and canned foods are well stocked.

Neicueonic Gounrnies

Syria shares her borders with many countries, in-
cluding Jordan. Relations between our two nations shift
constantly, but there has been a recent push toward
mutual understanding. That said....

Jordan — Avoid thisplace like the plague. Hunters
along her southern borders all report a trickle of mon-
sters passing through. Within Jordan itself, the life span
of kiswah is shockingly short and brutal, but whether it's
because the local akhira are organized or because they
actually run the small country remains unknown. If you
do journey there, restrict your travels to the capitol
Amman, where it is safest, and avoid the southern half
where our kind vanish quickly.

Jordan itself is quaint enough, but has always wa-
vered between a pro-West/Israeli stance and an
anti-West outlook. | believe the reason for this confu-
sion is twofold. Jordan is caught firmly between Israel's
flank and its neighbors Syria, Saudi Arabia and Iraq. If
a full war erupts between Arabs and Zionists, Jordan
knows is the staging ground. Furthermore, 75% of
Jordan's population were, within three or four genera-
tions, Palestinians. They sympathize with the PLO's
plight but they can never truly "understand" the suffer-
ing of their homeless brothers and sisters.



Aliflam ra. These are the verses of the Wise Book: Does it seem strange to
mankind that We revealed Our will to a mortal from among themselves, saying:
‘Give warning to mankind, and proclaim good tidings to the faithful: their
endeavors shall be rewarded by their Lord'?

— The Koran, Surah: 10:1 Jonah]

By: Tarjiman220

A Sufi mendicant once told me of four blind men
who encountered an elephant for the first time. The first
man grabbed the tail and said the elephant was long and
limp like a rope. The second man touched the elephant's
foot and said it felt thick and callused like apalm tree. The
third touched the elephant's trunk and said it was round
and moved like a snake, while the fourth touched its belly
and said it was as great and as wide as the heavens.

Salaam, my friends. I welcome you as late witn.
toa great event that transpired across the Middle East a
few weeks ago. It was the first time the kiswah made a
concerted effort to join together at a predetermined time
(12:00 noon) to unify our voices and make all our
opinions heard. Using the kufic script adorning our world,
we gathered in Baghdad's hammams (baths), Tehran's
mosques, Amman's madrassas (schools), Riyadh's muse-
ums, Jerusalem's Dome of the Rock, Damascus' Umayyad
Mosque, Cairo's Ibn Tulun Mosque and the great Ka'bah
herselfin Mecca. Others, like the Bedouin kiswah or those
living in villages spoke from their homes through kufic
script engraved on metal plates or inscribed atop book
pages with elaborate flourish

To those fellaheen sitting or standing close to us while
we communicated and listened, we appeared the odd and
displaced Muslim devotees who meditated intently upon
the words of the Koran. Had they seen across the Arab
world, they would have known we numbered in the

dozens, each as different from the other as each of Allah's
breaths. We drew together, men and women, Muslim,
Christian and Jew alike all for a single purpose: fraternity.
This great conference wasa call for unity and purpose
of expression. It failed. Yet it was also successful in a
manner we never anticipated. We hoped the conference
would serve asa rallying point, but our greatest hurdle was
understanding who we were and how we came to exist as
kiswah. It seemed imperative to everyone that to formu-
late a consensus of opinion, we should at least realize
where we came from. Even in a region seemingly united
under a banner of Islam, we disagreed on principles of
faith, politicsand sadly on principles of ignorance. Within
those disagreements, however, came insight and new
conjecture as to our existence and our role in the world.
What you are about to read is a privilege. Never forget
this. I initially hoped to show Western hunters that their
eastern neighbors could reach an appreciation and under-
standing of one another. I hoped to present us as a unified
front.Sadly, that unity isalie, but thissimple truth alsobrings
us all closer together. We are no greater or lesser than you.
I present you highlights of the information several
others and I managed to transcribe by the conference's
ends. Idonotagree with many theories, but am nota judge
of people's hearts. That falls to Allah. I therefore bid you
take and reject of this what you will. After all, we are all
blind men. It is perhaps in the listening that we may
understand what neither sight nor touch alone affords.

oS


TER: HOLY WAR

NRIGIN THEORIES

For some, it is enough believing Allah is supreme to
know that He created everything within the world. Evil
exists for its reasons, as do we. I ascribe to this faith, but I
do not think it precludes questioning why the world is as
itis. Blind faith is a disservice to Allah, for He gave us the
ability to reason through our doubts. By simply believing
that evil lives because Allah wills it is the same as
accepting its presence as meritorious. Obviously, we
cannot, for then evil is always justified in its actions.

Everything in Islam, from our laws to our pursuits,
remains open to debate and public deliberation. The Sunni
built their sect on the precept that the community decides
religious practices and the formation of laws, and we must do
the same. My colleagues and I pieced together the following
excerpts from the conference with this precept in mind. In
many cases, we could not discern the origin of certain
thoughts. Each argument or point possessed its share of
supporters, and eventually each outlook hosted a chorus of
voices from multiple writers. We combined these voices into
one and named them after Muslim saints and mystics for the
sake of facility, so you rarely hearasingle voice. Youare about
to read the dissonant echoes of a fractured chorus.

‘Abd al-Latif: While neithera celebrated Sufi mystic
nor saint, ‘Abd al-Latif was a well-known legal and
medical scholar in Baghdad who extolled the virtues of
scientific acumen during Islam's Golden Age. We lend
his name to those following the sciences rather than
religion (even though ‘Abd himself was a pious man).

Ahmad ibn Harb: Ahmad "son of War" was a
traditionalist anda warrior of the jihad. He represents our
brethren who do not question their duties, but who fight
with unswerving loyalty and a disregard for the defense-
less around them.

AL-Fozail ibn Lyaz: This former bandit later recanted
his sinful ways and earned great attention as an authority
on the traditions. He wasa fearless and outspoken orator,
He represents those hunters who still fuel their arguments.
with words from the Koran. Islam proved their beginning
and it will serve them in their last days.

Beshr ibn al-Hareth: Once astudent of the traditions,
he turned his back upon the accepted teachings and lived
as a pauper and beggar, learning from meditation and life
around him. The Beshr kiswah represent those who turn
their backs on the traditional interpretations of the Koran
and educate themselves through their experiences.

Dho ‘-Nun al-Misri: One of the truest Islamic mys-
tics, he was a master of alchemy and magic, and understood
the ancient language of the Egyptian pharaohs. Although
imprisoned for heresy, he eventually earned his freedom
and sainthood. The Dho ‘l-Nun believe the secrets to their
existence lies in the Jahiliyyah (the Time of Ignorance)
before Islam's birth, when the tribes worshipped idols.

AL-Hallaj: Al-Hallaj, a believer in reincarnation and
a well-traveled mystic, is still controversial to Islamic
thought even after his execution for heresy. It is only fitting
we named those with the most disputed theories after him.

Hasan of Basra: Hasan is among the eldest and most
revered of the Sufi saints. He was a gifted orator. The
Mutazila credit him as the founder of their movement.
The Mutazila, in turn, believed Allah did not control the
actions of all, for that dismissed the notion of free will
Instead, Allah created the good and just, leaving human-
ity and jinn responsible for their own fates. These hunters
do not hold Allah responsible for their condition.

Ribe'a al-Adawiya: A female saint and a renowned
celibate, she endured slavery as a child before finding her
way through Islamic mysticism. She represents the pious
women who spoke at the conference. (Allah praise their
ability to endure their less-chivalrous brethren.)

Somnun: This saint was an authority on mystical
love before others denounced his work. He represents
those hunters who believe our answers lie in alliances
with the pious among the monsters.

While we do not change the spirit of these groups
words, we have shortened sentences or compiled them
together to fit into specific categories. This way the
different arguments do not confuse you, the reader.

‘WE NIcHrty VisiraNys
Woo Ane rue Messengers?)

Hasan: How can we claim one voice, one action,
when we still do not see who speaks to us? To fight against
the enemy we must know our generals, but that fact eludes
us. Why are we here? Who charged us with this duty? We've
agreed to call them the Nightly Visitants as quoted within
the Koran, but that brings us no closer to the truth.

Ahmad: True soldiers need no generals to recognize
the enemy. The enemy makes himself apparent by his
actions. And by my just struggles, I am apparent to Allah.

AL-Fozail: Indeed warrior of faith, your wordsring true.
Does the Koran itself not say in Surah 22:39: Permission to
take up arms is hereby given to those who are attacked, because
they have been wronged. Allah has power to grant them
victory. ... Does this notimply that Allah, as author of these
words, is in fact our creator? We became kiswah because we
recognized evil and struggled against it. We affirmed the
jihad through our actions and Allah granted us the power to
fight. We look to the sun and moon, hoping to find the
cause of our condition, but the answer lies before us all.

Hasan: An interesting argument. Allah helps he who
helps himself. But even this statement is problematic if rely
solely upon the Koran formy arguments. What is youranswer
for Surah 4:34? It says women are subject to men's will, yet
here fightalongside us as proven equals. What of Surah 33:33
(women'ssole duty is to stay home and protect their honor)?
By your reasoning, Allah gave them power too, but the
Koran states otherwise. Surely this is proof enough that the
Koran alone cannot provide all answers. If it could, then
what of free will and our ability to chose our destinies?

Al-Fozail: Perhaps their gifts are not from Allah.
Perhaps women's powers are of Shaitan?

Ribe'a: Nonsense! | cannot tell you who the Nightly
Visitants are, but | will tell you as a woman that | heard


the same voices and read the same words as all of you. If
my powers are of Shaitan, then you share my shame.

AL-Hallaj: Perhaps then all our powers are of the
Devil. Doesn't the Koran say Shaitan will sow discord among
you? Isn't that what's happening now with all this dissent?

Ribe'a: That is not what | meant. No, I do not
believe we are of Shaitan, either. The Koran says Allah
honors His promises, but Shaitan honors none of them
These powers were never offered to us. We had no

choice. Neither did anyone promise us anything for our
troubles in return. They came to us as duties and obliga-
tions and only Allah can make such demands. We put
into them what we believe, nothing more:

Somnun: What of jinn? We look to God or Allah or
Yahweh for answers, but what if our powers come from
the very creatures we fight?

Hasan: How so?

Somnun: The Koran, says that jinn and spirits, like
mortals, are capable of sin and redemption. Unlike Chris-
tians, we do not believe in an "Original Sin" that Adam
passed down, which means all creatures are responsible for
their actions. Taking this argument a step further, we know
notall monsters are our enemies. Some bear us no ill will at
all and have in fact helped us in our cause. So, if this is true,
might it also reason that some invested us with their power
tohelp them fight those who would commitevil? Maybe the
Nightly Visitants are in fact possessing spirits or jinn?

Dho ‘I-Nun: Or maybe we are jinn ourselves?

‘Abd: From religion to flights of fancy? Can you
sabotage our efforts at reasonable dialogue any further?
Dho ‘Nun: Listen for a moment and remember our
heritage. Remember the Middle East is far older than Islam.

Al-Fozail: Yes, we call it the Jahiliyyah (the Time of
Ignorance) for good reason. Pagan worship, infanticide,
dishonoring of women. Islam did well to wipe away all
knowledge of those dark times.

Dho ‘l-Nun: But that's not true, is it! We kept certain
traditions from the Jahiliyyah alive. The Bedouin customs
of hospitality and the folktales are still with us. What if we
ignored other truths? Ancient customs tell us of the maskh
(humanity'sability to take the likeness ofanimals, treesand
even rocks). What of the Bani-Sakhr tribe, the "Children of
the Rock," who were descendents of a mountain? Or the
tribe in southern Yemen whose members could become
wolves? What if we are offspring of those tribes and thus
supernatural ourselves? What if our Nightly Visitants are
nothing but the whispers of our ancestors?

Al-Fozail: Heresy! Allah alone is the voice of our
hearts. To suggest otherwise is to worship false idols!

‘Abd: This is ignorant. | don't deny anyone his
spiritual explanation for the Nightly Visitants, but I can't
accept anything that I can't prove. It'sa matter of science
that certain organs become vestigial after a time, like the
appendix and little toe, while others grow more promi-
nent. We might be seeinganew phase of human evolution.
The Nightly Visitants might be nothing more than the

a


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

ego playing mediator between the reality of our existence
and our personal views of the world.

Hasan: Ibelievein faith asa guide andscienceasatool.
But if science is such a vaunted quality in your life, then
please answer me this: How are you communicating with
us right now? Is it through the Intemet? Or are you willing
your words through Islamic script? Why is it our thoughts
work through only Arabic script and not Hebrew or Latin
text?] know foreign hunters reading this rightnow, without
understanding Arabic. Does science account for that? I
doubt it (which sadly means our opinions of our origins are
everywhere and nowhere at once).

Tite Onieins oF vHE AKHIRA AND OuR PuRPOsE

By: Tarjiman220

Asyoucansee, the discussion on the Nightly Visitants
caused great debate. The origin of monsters was no less
eventful. We could not discuss the althira without wonder-
ing what tied us together, and thus the truth of our purpose.
This created two entirely different arguments and sent us
into‘a chaos that nearly unraveled our efforts to communi-
cate. What we include here is a summarized account of
theoriessupported by the main groups. Wecould notfollow
some arguments, which often digressed from their original.
points (or died when too many voices fought to be heard).
Instead, we present these views as statements of belief for
each group after compiling their best and chief articles.

Ahmad: Our course is set by another, so why do we
waste our breath debating our al-Ghariyyan, our gifts or
the nature of our enemy? They exist whether we ques-
tion them or not, so we should fight now and seek our
answers when we arrive in Paradise.

Our greatest folly lies in our choice of enemies. We
struggle to save the fellaheen, but they have nothing to fear
ifthey lead exemplary lives. Allah rewards the faithful with
Paradise and the unfaithful with the fires of Hell. The
Koran (Surah 9:123) says: O you who believe! Fight the
unbelievers who are near to you and let them find ruthlessness in
you, and know that God is with those who fear Him. Our
enemies are unbelievers, not simply akhira. Our struggle is
againstheretics, whether they areins (mortal) jinn, fellaheen,
kiswah, Christian or Jew. We shall spare none in this war.

Al-Fozail: The Koran tells us all we need to know of
the akhira and their origins. Allah fashioned the world
according to His wishes and He creates new creatures with
each breath. Who are we to question why these creatures
live? Do we demand answers of the lion or the dove? Do
they demand answers from us?The Koran says thatall men
and jinn are born with the ability to think and the capacity
for piety orsin. We do not question their existence because
it would mean we question Allah's work. Neither do we
judge them, for that is His right alone. We do, however,
protect the fellaheen from harm. And if that means killing,
so be it. Surah 4:75 says: And how should you not fight for the
cause of Allah, and for the helpless old men, women, and
children who say: ‘Deliver us, Lord, from this city of wrongdo-
ers; send forth to us a guardian from Your presence; send to us
from Your presence one that will help us'?

Beshr: I do not question the existence of akhira any
more than I question Allah. I fear, though, that we emerged
because we are witness toa new Jahiliyyah, a return to pagan
ignorance. While the West is not inherently evil, for
example, we absorb her worst qualities. We prize income
over hospitality and global politics over piety. We do not
follow Allah as we once did. We disrespect women's honor
and we embrace materialism. Perhaps we are not hunters
but keepers of Allah's intentions for the different religions
of the one God? Perhaps, as others claim, we are bulwarks
against infidels and the unfaithful. We counter the return
to ignorance and the renunciation of values.

Dho ‘l-Nun: Our answers lie trapped beneath the
sands of the Jahiliyyah, when the Bedouin worshipped the
stars and stones, the sky and water. Before Muhammad
brought Islam to us, there was a Bedouin chieftain named
Amr who ruled over Mecca. Upon the advice of a jinn, he
rode to the shores of Juddah where he found great and
ancient statues washed upon the beach. He brought them
back to Mecca, placed them around the city in a giant ring
andsummonedall the tribes of Arabia. From each chieftain
he demanded an oath to the new gods and then allowed
each tribe to take one statue back with it. That is how
idolatry spread across the region according to the legends.

You wish to know where the akhira come from? Many
of us know they are descendents of those tribes who never
forsook the idols or false gods Amr gave them. Somewhere
across Arabia, Syria, Jordan, Iraq, Egypt and Palestine are
these buried idols, protected by bands of their most faithful.
To truly vanquish the monsters, you must find and destroy
theirtotem gods. Weknow this because some of usglimpsed
these ancient stone giants resting in Arabia's Empty Quar-
ter or within hidden ruins beneath Jerusalem. Both times,
they were too well guarded to approach.

Al-Hallaj: Might it reason that if Allah created
man from clay and the jinn from smokeless fire, that He
created the others from different elements? When we
destroy an Adite he becomes spent ash. It makes sense
that these creatures were born of the cold hearth and
from fires long spent. Others like Thalmudites might be
spirits who found black loam, the soft clay Allah used to
make us, and inhabited it to form new bodies.

Hasan: Wespeak of these creatures' origins, butyoudo
not need to know your enemy's mother to know he is your
adversary. Monsters exist in varied forms and with different
agendas, and the Koran, Bible, Torah and countless other
books speak of their existence as pre-dating ours. Maybe we
should take lessons from our Western compatriots and ask
whathas changed that demands our presence here. If we are
tobelieve folklore and legends, theakhira have always lived
alongside usand they never followed any doctrines of unity.
Perhaps we are the new monsters of the world. Perhaps it
is we who are out of place.

Ribe'a: | believe the Westerners rightly question
"what changed?" If akhira always existed, then what
necessitates our presence here and now? The Koran says:
Let them be. The day the crier summons them to the dread
account, they shall come out from their graves with downcast


eyes, and rush towards him like swarming locusts. Perhaps it
isnot the monsters that are different, but the coming of
judgment day that demands our presence. Perhaps the
end is upon us and the dead grow bold or swell in ranks
because we stand on the cusp of Allah's reckoning.
Perhaps then we are the munadi (the criers) who demand
an accounting for the action of the supernatural.
Somnun: The Bedouins maintained a tradition of
mediators to help conflicting sides settle disagreements
peacefully and without losing face. We call ourselves war-
tiorsand hunters, and these rolesmay be necessary sometimes.
But we must also play mediators between the akhira and the
fellaheen, for even great warriors like Saladin understood
when truces and alliances were preferable to confrontation.

AtKiswaut THe Hunvers

By: Tarjiman220

We are divided when it comes to identifying our-
selves. Some Arabs, particularly those in Lebanon and
Egypt, rely on Western models for definition, while
some Zionist hunters name themselves according to the
Sefirot (or emanations of God). Because the Middle East
is overwhelmingly Muslim, I use our most common
definitions to spare our Western allies the confusion.

I won't lie to you my friends; our arguments con-
cerning ourselves, our enemies and even the Messengers
are tied together in one fantastic, convoluted knot.
Who are we? Well that depends on our duty. What is our

Iseeui Seftor
By: Hopel23
‘Some Israeli hunters draw their names from their
feligious heritage. I don't follow this practice unless
speaking with Sefirot hunters, in which case I respect
theirwishes and naming conventions. The Sefirot take
their name from Sefir Behir, the book of brilliance and
a form of Judaic mysticism. One of its tenets is the
| Sefirot, or the emanations of God's inner being. Itis like
tree, with God or Keter Elyon (Supreme Crown) at
‘the top of the tree. There are ten Sefirot with different
names and functions according to interpretations, but
some Israeli hunters choose the following:
Din: Meaning "Judgment," it describes those
who decide a monster's guilt or purity.
Gevurah: Meaning "Power." Warriors draw on.
this name to signify their strength.
Hokhmah: This describes the quality of "Wis-
dom," atraitexhibited by our prophets and dreamers.
Nezah: "Lasting Endurance." An appropriate
description of hunters who protect humanity from
monsters and their fellows who have gone astray.
Rahamim: Also called "Compassion." It is a
logical name for those who convert the beasts.
Tiferet: This proved a difficult choice, but
eventually "Beauty" seemed appropriate for hunters
like myself. We seek the beauty in all.

duty? Well that depends on who blessed us with these
abilities. Who gave us these powers? Ah, well that
depends on who we are. The cycle of confusion begins
anew with no question answered specifically.

Itis difficult being atheist in the Middle East. Evidence
of all three religions abounds in daily life, and our expres-
sion of faith is a public celebration. Ergo, Arabs generally
approach the process philosophically and debate the impli-
cations of our existence according to religious perceptions.
Since the formation of Islam, all Arabs (regardless of faith)
have been forced to interpret Allah's (God's) meaning and
wishes. The Koran serves as guide and it demands unyield-
ing devotion, but that does not exclude interpretation of
Muhammad's words. We know we must obey, but we must
first understand the intent of those words. This is why our
arguments seem circular, with the existence of ourselves
tied into duty and into the very nature of our enemies.

At-Guarivyan: Ye Ieuins

We call the moment of the change al-Ghariyyan, or
blood-stained, for once the Nightly Visitants awaken us
from our world as fellaheen, our hands are never clean
again. For many, the voices of the Nightly Visitants
warn us of the akhira. The remainder are not so fortu-
nate; a quiet awakening does not befall them. Fire or
light surrounds them like a cape or winds whip into a
fevered pitch, tormenting the poor subjects.

Our imbuing is much the same as yours in the West,
from what | interpret, save that I've heard more instances
of violent and overt manifestations of the change among
ourkind than amongyou. Atthe heart ofal-Ghariyyan are
three principles that form the foundations of our out-
looks. They dictate what we wish to gain from the cause.
From there we fashion our purpose, but rely upon the
Koran for guidance and assume a role following one of the
six pillars of Islam that best exemplifies our actions and
choices. These are not names, as hunters understand
them, for we are all simply kiswah. Instead they are
designations or statements of our purpose as we believe it.

Cuemexey

By: Jibril

Allah is merciful, so why aren't we all as patient as
Him? Those of us who want to understand the akhira
remember the Koran and every Surah within that be-
gins: In the Name of Allah, the Compassionate, the
Merciful... Our al-Ghariyyan comes with a light that
envelops us and warms our souls, whether others see it
or not. It destroys the shadows of doubt and in the
moment of the becoming wipes away all hesitation.

At the heart of this philosophy is the knowledge that
we must pursue our duties with open hearts and an under-
standing of our supposed enemy. This is why we choose the
Salat (Prayer) and the Zakat(Almsgiving) as our pillars of
strength; they both bespeak of forgivenessand compassion.
Those drawing upon the Salat (Prayer) for guidance believe
we can convert or save the monsters. Whenever we pray,
weadmit to Allah's greatnessand our devotion to Him. We
remember that Allah alone judges us all and that we must


treat one another as equals beneath His eyes. Thus, there
are no monsters. There is only action and purpose. Unfor-
tunately, some of our more fervent brethren believe this
precept allows them to interfere in the lives offellaheen and
even foreign hunters, forthe true significance of theirduties
lies with the intent of others.

Those who follow the Zakat (Almsgiving) for strength
are friends to the world. Itrepresents their naivete and the
notion that they do well for others without knowing who
or what they help. The Zakat is giving alms without
question and without judgment, much the same as help-
inganyone regardless of cost. These hunters are dangerous
because they have no true enemy. At their extreme, they
can actually join with monsters to fight us, believing
themselves champions of the oppressed. There is a thin
line between goodwill and blindness.

Aspiravion

By: Omeed

Being aspired means you adhere to one philosophy
alone: there is "no God but Allah, and Muhammad is His
Prophet." Everything else is conjecture; beyond this truth,
we are truly ignorant. Those of us on this path say their al-
Ghariyyan was like a chattering wind that blew away their
conceptions and filled their heads with new thoughts and
realizations. If you truly listened to the wind, you'd know it
wasn't a gust of air, but the breath ofa thousand voices from
the past. Sometimes they speak for our ears alone. Other
times, they're like astorm centered onus. Always the winds
are the voices of the past and they tell us we're not a new
phenomenon. We're simply a new generation. If that's
true, then we might not only be seers of the future. We
mightbe links to the past, helping huntersremember where
they're from. Now if only the voices could stop talking in
unison, I'd understand them. Until then, we serve other
hunters by giving them direction and answering their
frightened questions. We're almost the new prophets of this
existence, filling a niche that religion has left empty and
Allah left unanswered.

Hunters relying on the Shahada (Profession of Faith)
know Allah is our only anchor in the world. It is our one
truth, our one certainty. Understanding this means we
can face all other obstacles knowing nothing can ever
surpass the Shahada. It allows us to explore the theories
and frightening realizations that other kiswah are afraid to
admit or confront. And yet, the danger of this realization
is staying too close to the anchor itself. If this is our only
truth, some say the world itself is illusion. They ignore all
other concerns around themselves because the only mat-
ter of consequence is Allah.

Fervor

By: Fatwa243

Call it religious fervor if you want, but Arabs are
passionate about many things. Islam itself demands we
show dedication to Allah through expressions of faith
that Westerners have trouble understanding. They be-
lieve this makes us fanatics, but I call it having a sense
of direction and moral grounding.

So-called fervent hunters rely on three pillars to
strengthen their resolve and focus their sense of purpose.
They are Ramadan (Fasting), Haj (Pilgrimage) and finally
Jihad (the Struggle). These are arduous paths requiring
dedication of faith over mind. In the end, we emerge better
men for our commitment to our cause and to Allah. Perhaps
that's why al-Ghariyyan is consecrated in fire. Sometimes our
heart is the furnace fueling our passions and forging our
strength, while other timesit isa baptism of flame that erupts
from our very skin, scouring away uncertainty. I have even
heard of some hunters unworthy of their al-Ghariyyan, who
burned to death in infernos of their own making.

Hunters who call upon Ramadan or the Pillar of Fasting
to bolster their resolve protect humanity first and foremost.
Fasting is a time of great sacrifice and introspection. A
follower of Ramadan embodies these strengths, sacrificing
personal well being to ensure the safety of others, regardless
of the rigors of his duty. Pursuing this path is a proactive
choice, because defendingsomeone means you must be there
before something hurts them. Likewise, fasting means ac-

eeking out that arduous path and staying the course
day by day, week by week. The danger in this, of course, lies
in giving too much of yourself. These hunters can suffer from
starvation because they've forgotten how tofeed themselves.

Other hunters are careful while pursuing their duties and
rely on the Pillar of Haj (Pilgrimage) to draw their purpose.
Their participation in the Haj demonstrates their ability to
planand make decisions according to informed opinions. Like
the pilgrim, a hunter of this pillar recognizes that he doesn't
travel alone. He bases his judgment of other travelers on
individual merit, not racial misconceptions. The Haj is a
gathering of Muslims from across the world, be they blond-
haired Europeans or dark-haired Asians. They travel with one
another, share their meals and pray to the same God. The
kiswah of this path does not make uninformed decisions
concerning other people, and he plans his steps carefully. But
these arbiters can go too far by wasting their time planning and
judging. They can be so concerned with making the right
decisions that they never accomplish anything.

Every war needs soldiers who sometimes act instead of
deliberate. Hunters with the Pillar of Jihad are such people.
They're warriors with intention inaction and the force of will
given a blade. Don't mistake this determination for blind-
ness, though. No hunter wins wars without understanding
the situation and assessing the challenges before him. There
must be struggle, but your war should always be just.

Many warriors of Jihad such as myself fight a three-
pronged battle. The jihad against the enemy is our most
obvious function. The jihad against the devil is to maintain
your devout intention and action. And the war against
ourselves reminds us to resist the most obvious de
and to plan. The hunter who fights without direction or
care for those around him isa barbarian. Take the Crusad-
ers. When they conquered Jerusalem they celebrated God's
so-called faith in them by raping women and slaughtering
children. Where's the victory in despoiling your own gains?
A wise soldier knows when to defeat opponents through
force, piety or even through simple words. Unfortunately,


Wore are rie BieDing Sainrs!

By: Wildcatter184

Some of us back home are said to willingly sacri-
fice themselves for the benefit of others. Supposedly
they have their own capabilities, too. I call them
saints, but sorry chums, the Arabs don't consider saints
aunique brand of kiswah. Islam admires saints because
it means they had the religious stones to hurt or kill
themselves for the faith, but they aren't a separate
brand of people. Every hunter has the ability to martyr
himself for the cause. Kiswah of the Jihad can sacrifice
theirlives by holding off a horde of beasties while their
friends escape. Those who follow Ramadan become
saints when they lose themselves in their roles, while

Salat hunters earn that mantle when they assume

responsibility for the sins of others. Everyone can be a

"aint." You've just got to have a strong enough will

(which, by the way, makes you a good Muslim, not a

Some Arabs believe that the fervour to
in capabiliti

}} hunter

some kiswah of the Jihad act more like Crusaders than
Muslims. To them, the enemy falls into easy categories
based on geography, politics, religion or even gender.

Hisrorient Retevance

By: al-Amin

Are we unique to the current day or are we part ofa long
line of hunters who emerge every few centuries to fight the
akhira? Before we all treated the ancient legends and myths
asfables, but can we afford that luxury now? All mythologies
speak of great hunters, warriors and sages who, on the merit
of their extraordinary strength or ingenuity, quelled the
supernatural. These tales could certainly suit our own ex-
ploits if we were exposed to the fellaheen of today.

Ido believe we possess a history, ifnot ancestors, from
which to draw inspiration. I also know that our proof lies
within the ancient songs of the Bedouins. Tribal music
relies on repetition and refinement of existing models,
meaning that many of the songs played centuries ago still
survive relatively intact to this day. The music of the
nomads of Jordan, Egypt, Syria and Saudi Arabia does not
change rhythm or emphasis. It is purely creative and not
representational of anything. Like kufic script, however,
the music carries the message of the musician, even his
original voice, in the form ofa mystical recording. Tarjiman
and I discovered this a few months ago when listening to
Bedouins play an old piece. We heard a broken and
disconnected voice droning through the mismar (a twin-
piped clarinet), the tambourine-like daff and the stringed
rebab. Nobody else seemed to hear it. We spoke to the
musicians, who must have thought us mad, but they agreed
to vary certain notes until the voice emerged stronger. It
was still broken like a cup, but a voice spoke of its battles
against the supernatural and its struggles against the jinn.

We now listen to the vast repository of Bedouin music,
but encounter the odd scattered revelation only in Sufi
compositions designed to play with repeated notesand that

CHAPTER 2:BY HIS BREATH

are accompanied by poetry. Nobody knows how to play
these pieces properly and we cannot record them ourselves.
We don't even know where to start. Was this a kiswah
ability we forgot, ot is witchcraft involved? Alll we can do
is collect the songs like shards of a shattered dish. We have
no glue to piece them together. The seeming messages in
this music might be the only evidence of our past, and the
meaning is infuriatingly incomplete. Because traditional
Arabic music relies on a unique quarter-note composition,
too many variations have corrupted the original message.
Ifa song speaks of anything beyond the odd personal
victory or the haunting recitation of personal tragedy, it is
that we are not alone. I believe the kiswah exist like waves
against the shore. We are never constant, but emerge when
our people need us the most. Perhaps we lived amid Islam's
Golden Age, when the legendary Talib worked alongside
mystics, poets and sages to preserve the legends of thejinn for
posterity. Before then, maybe we existed in Biblical times as
counted by the legends of the mighty Samson and the wise
slomon who conquered and vanquished 72 evil jinn.
Perhaps centuries —even millennia— separate one genera-
tion of heroes from the next. We simply don't know.
We may never profit directly from the advice of our
predecessors, but that might be for the best. Perhaps their

Yue Voices
By: Tarjiman220
While I cannot share everything al-Amin and I
discovered through our musical research, the following
{| isagoodstart. Itisthe bestaccount] canmakeofthestory
imparted implicitly to me through the song we heard. It
is relatively complete compared to the solitary word or }f
I} sentence extracted from some songs, but even with our ||
success, you see the shortcomings of our discovery.
The tears fell [unknown] roses, quenching no blos-
som, [unknown] stone heaven unbroken [unknown] for
fj Toots of flowers without sunlight... never funknown]

H funknown] than spent arrows upon the battlefield? ... No,

i} | am the torch [unknown] [unknown] world of worms. 1
am his blade [unknown] divine [unknown]... let the afreet
[Tarjiman: A type of terrible jinn] come [unknown]
[unknown] [unknown] him [unknown] [unknown]
way... | am caretaker [unknown] [unknown] warrens
beneath this happy Roman [unknown] [unknown] Felix
[2]... [hue alone, I hunt with [unknown].

Segments of this song are incomprehensible, but I
believe understand a portion of the text. The reference
to Roman, happy and Felix might relate to the Saudi
peninsula. The ancient Romans called it Arabia Felixor
"happy Arabia" (possibly because it was inhospitable),
though I'mnotcertain the word isactually Felix. Whom-

I} ever hid the message within the song might speak about
the reputed rivers beneath the Saudi sands, said by
{| Bedouins to link large oases together. If these rivers exist,


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

words or even actions no longer hold merit in this age of
telecommunicationsand the Internet. Maybe their truth of
"an eye for an eye" isno longernecessary in an age when we
seek global enlightenment. Perhaps it is Allah's way of
teaching us that yesterday's truths are best left to yesterday.
I, for one, am intrigued to have learned that we might have
existed before in other forms, but it does nothing to still my
seeking mind. I am no different for it. Why would I seek
answers in a past that holds no relevance for my future?

;
Goo's Cuever Lies

By: Tarjiman220

Thefollowingclaimcame from the great convention that
brought many of us together. You already know we believe
Allah gave us these powers, but I thought it unfair to present
one viewpoint alone. All voices have a place here. I cannot
play judge for what | believe is right or wrong. Although many
kiswah disregarded thisnext argument, we listened because the
thought behind it was foreign to our experience (if not
troubling in its assertions). Alas, I cannot attribute it to any
writer, forit emerged from amidst asea of conflicting thoughts
andstatements. | therefore listit under the voice ofDho ‘-Nun,
or those who subscribe to outlandish beliefs.

Dho ‘I-Nun: Maybe it is simple for you to accept that
Allah brings you these gifts because you do not have to
question your reality. What do you fear? Are you afraid
your power comes from something not of Allah? Are you
afraid you are harbingers of a new faith or even of a new
God? You cannot tell me the thought doesn't plague your
hearts already. I can tell it does by how quickly you dismiss
any argument refuting Allah as your benefactor

What would you do if you discovered you were the
prophetofanewreligion?] acknowledge Islamas Allah's third
revelation following Judaism and Christianity, but who says it
ends there? What if we are the heralds of a fourth or fifth
revelation, a contemporary testament to bring the world into
theage of technology? Worse yet, what if weare the execution-
ersofafrightened faith unwilling to make way foritssuccessor?
Given our talent for destruction and murder, it is entirely
possible we are nothing more than slayers killing the acolytes
of anew belief or the potential parents ofa next prophet. And
what better way todoso than make usbelieve we see depraved
monsters. You cannot tell me these Nightly Visitants haven't
already crafted illusions for our benefit alone with such words
as "THEY DO NOT LIVE" or "IT KILLS." If Allah truly
speaks to us, we would know it is Him beyond all doubt. Still,
we question and we wonder about the Nightly Visitants. This
alone says it is not God, and.we should have realized it when

we all heard different things. Why say "ABOMINATION
WALKS" to some and "IT IS IN PAIN" to others?
Pethaps the voices say different things to confuse us
and make us bicker. Ourmythsalready tellus thatjinn can
craft illusions to fool the wisest men, and what better way
than playing on our vanity. "Allah chose me to make the
world better." "Allah gave me strength to fight monsters."
Allah does not confuse his followers. When He spoke to
Moses and Muhammad, they knew it was His voice and
His miracles beyond any doubt. We, however, have


nothing but skepticism. Something plays with us. I fear
we are the true monsters of this world.

You may refute what | say, but am not alone with these
suspicions. Some of us already fear something wrongly guides
usto destroy good and spare evil. We fear we are agents of an
entirely new but false God. Worse yet, some among us may
have probably already embraced this thought and operate in
hidden cults. Their worship varies, but I hear some fall upon
the pagan influences of the Jahiliyyah and worship the ancient
Gods Hubal, al-Ussa, Ya'uqand Nasr. Another group believes
inatrulyalien precept, thanks toa British hunterin the region.
They follow a strange fusion of alchemy (based on the treatise
of the Book of Ostanes that speaks of the virtues of different
planets) and the London-based Aetherius Society (which
believesin "Masters" or powerful spiritmessengersdwellingon
such planets as Venus and Mars). This bastardization of faith
coincides with the Aetherius Society's beliefs that members
received vivid messages from their Masters as instructions,
presumably like oural-Ghariyyan. These hunters draw follow-
es and worshippers from Aetherius who believe them new
prophets of these alien spirits.

Consider this carefully brothers and siste: ome-
thing using us to bring about a new Time of Ignorance?
Are we hammers to shatter Allah's mirror? Perhaps we
fear the voices are not Allah's or those of His angels,
because if they were, we wouldn't suffer through these
terrible doubts. Perhaps we already know the answers.
We just fear the questions more.

Huxrer Gove

By: Muezzin318

Allah w' Akbar. Allah is truly great and merciful, for he
gives usa tool like no other. The language of all Muslims is
indeed a diverse chorus, but Arabic (the language of the
Koran) alone brings us together. | hear Christian hunters
wondering why their religion is not as equally fortunate as
ours, but their Church long abandoned their original
tongue of Jesus (Hebrew) and even that of Latin. Perhaps,
had they kept their roots, Allah would have also blessed
Christians with a means to understand one another.

More thanamethod to understand His words, Arabic
isour poetry, our history and our art. It is greater than a
language of the faithful. It is the food of our souls. Arabic
originates from the script of the ancient Nabataeans,
whose ghosts still haunt us to this day. It currently
includes 28 letters with up to four different forms apiece.
The Koranic script of Iran and Pakistan possesses more
letters to accommodate that which Arabic lacks, but we
all share similar standards across the Near and Far East.

The twotraditions that turned our tongues into art were
our penchant for calligraphy, a trait we share with the
Japanese and Chinese, and the laws forbidding us from
creating representational artwork. Early Islam prohibited
artists from recreating images of humans, animals and even
of Allah for fear we would return to the veneration of idols.
Instead, we found inspiration in geometry and in the words
ofthe Koran. What the West calls "arabesque," for example,
isgeometric forms or floral patterns we use to create designs.

When calligraphers combined these patterns with the Ko-
ran and turned entire Surahs into artwork, the basis for the
language of kiswah emerged. In turn, this script art evolved
into different forms. Some use angular lines to create com-
plex geometric patterns. Others mirror forms, so one design
isareflection of itsotherhalf. A few more rely on imaginative
figuresto mimic the appearance of certain animalsor objects.

I truly wish I could explain how we communicate
through our script or why certain styles work better than
others, but I cannot. All I know is truly complex scripts, the
lines of which overlap and fall into grand flourish such as in
angular kufic (which appears as a verbal maze or even
snowflake), in muthanna (the mirrored form of elaborate
writing) and in the condensed lines of royal diwan or even in
thuluth (animal-form script), all transmit our mind and will.

I once spoke with a fellow hunter who claimed his
awakening was far in excess of others' experience. He claimed
tohavereceived revelations from Allah athis change. He said
it was not the formation of the Islamic language that laid the
foundations for our means of communicating, but the discov-
ery of paper. During Islam's Golden Age, our burgeoning
empire spread its wings from Spain, actoss North Africa and
past Pakistan. Following the Battle of Talas, Islamic forces to
the East captured a Chinese paper maker and discovered how
tomass-produce paper. They took thatsecretback to Baghdad,
where scholar houses — including the House of Wisdom —
processed and distributed knowledge and texts translated from
Hebrew, Latin, Indian and Greek. Myally claimed that paper
was not the only secret taken from the Chinese. The papers
and texts included Chinese calligraphy in a complex patter
of symbols pregnant with meaning beyond what was written.
The first Arabs exposed to these words, he claims, understood
their meaningand became the firstkiswah. They worked with
Umayyad- and Abbasid-dynasty artists and calligraphers to
incorporate the symbols into the growing artwork of kufic
script to preserve its use (a gift seemingly beyond our capacity
to duplicate). They never realized other Muslims would
engrave this "Holy Geometry" on vessels and upon the onion
domes ofthe mosques, thusservingas ancient lines ofcommu-
nications. | am unsure if any of this idea holds merit, but it is
an interesting theory.

Wealsowonderwhy ourability tocommunicate through
kufic script remains regional and doesnotextend beyond the
Middle East. I believe it is because this region is a three-fold
cradle of Allah's faith. Christianity, Judaism and Islam all
began here through prophets of the desert, and the ancient
centers of faith act as a grounding nexus. Mecca is Islam's
holiest city because itholds the greatest shrine of the Ka'bah
itself, the base of Allah's throne on Earth. The second site is
Jerusalem, the holiest city of the world and the reputed site
where the last war would take place before Judgment Day.
For Christians, it is where unbelievers tried and executed
Jesus before he rose again. For Muslims, Muhammad as-
cended to Paradise where the sacred Dome of the Rock now
stands. For Jews, Jerusalem is their ancestral home, the
capital of their promised empire. Is it any surprise the word
is strongest here, where the three main religions of God
intersect with the force of millions of faithful?



You see many among them vie with one another in sin
and wickedness and practice what is unlawful. Evil is what

they do

— The Koran, Surah: 5:62 [The Table]

BRING THE THUNDER

By: Tarjiman220

From Surah 2:18 (The Cow) ...Or like those who,
beneath a dark storm-cloud charged with thunder and lighting,
thrust their fingers in their ears at the sound of every thunder-
clap for fear of death (God thus encompasses the unbelievers).

Bring the thunder, my children. Bring it crashing
down upon the heads of those who would harm or oppose
you. The thunder should echo in your every step, for it is
His voice. Your actions carry with them the divine retribu-
tion of His cause. Your every movement must bear the
certainty of thunder lest you fall to the heart'skiller: doubt.

Let us assume for a moment that we do not question
our purpose or the presence of beasts in this world. Let us
assume we recognize good by its merits and evil by its
actions. When we hunt, we must believe we understand
these questions in our own breasts, lest hesitation rip our
beating hearts from our chests. "Bring the thunder" is not
justan aphorism to inspire others. It is a personal rallying
cry from which to draw innerstrength and remember that
we must act like thiinder: bold and certain.

Bring the thunder and recognize the world you
enter is unlike any other. We have tried to prepare you
with insight into who we are and how we think, but
experience is the sole teacher of merit. To understand

Arab kiswah, you must stand alongside us and face what
we face. You must grasp how we carry out our hunt and
realize it is vastly different from how you in the West
operate. We are bereft of certain luxuries, but we also
possess unique advantages. Understanding these differ-
ences adds another weapon to your arsenal.

Your largest concern as a hunter in the Middle East
is understanding local perception. You must give fore-
thought to how others distinguish your conduct, andhow
that insight alters your course of action. Will the authori-
ties mistake your behavior for the antics of a petty
criminal or will they believe you a terrorist and state
agitator? Are you attacking someone who belongs to a
distinct political or religious group? Your fight with the
supernatural could unwittingly create a social backlash
and trigger an unintended feud. Think of the ramifica-
tions of a Christian seemingly attacking a Muslim in
Beirut, ora Palestinian fighting a Jew, or an Iraqi assault-
ing anyone in Baghdad. The public does not believe in
monsters, so its immediate response is to see the attack as
religious hatred, clan enmity or even political dissatisfac-
tion. Know when this misinterpretation works in your
favor and know when to avoid the threat entirely.

This is perhaps the single greatest truth I can impart
before you explore the reality of hunting in the Middle
East. Understand this lesson well and you might survive
in my part of the world.


Kyow Ty ENEMY

By: Hajirah252

We face an enemy without understanding its true
strengths or many facets. We kiswah speak of Adites,
Midianites and Amalikites as though we know what the
beings are, but in truth we know nothing. We simply
hang names on them from fables as some means of
identifying them, yet we know so very little. And then
there are those creatures that simply defy all accounting.
Not even legend can contain them. And yet, ifyou are to
know what we face in the Middle East, we must share
what we do know, even if it can be held in one hand.

Our greatest obstacle in understanding our enemy
lies with the inconsistencies of myths and stories. At
first, we thought of simply calling akhira "jinn" after the
spirits of smokeless fire, dhabi after the jackal-beasts that
prey on desert travelers, ghuls after the cannibal mon-
sters of the graveyard, all of which came from our
various legends. We soon learned, though, that few
enemies fit these molds. Many of us feared (and still
fear) that by identifying akhira according to classic
interpretations, we deceive other hunters into believ-
ing these beasts also possess classical weaknesses. Legends
claim one blow kills a ghul but two bring it back, or that
if youcompliment a monster and call it "mother" it will
treat you kindly. I know of several Bedouin hunters who
lost their lives following these suppositions, not only
because they believed them but because the monsters
used these legends against us!

Once we realized that our presumptions of monsters
were trapped in past perceptions, we tried changing them
into the fallen races of the Koran. Their inclusion here
does not mean everyone uses these identifications or
understands the basic distinctions we've established.
That means many among us still battle jinn and ghuls and
call themas such. I have also met hunters who claim they
can force these creatures back into their mythological
roles and slay them using their classical weaknesses. 1
have yet to see proof of such deeds, however.

The following supernatural "species," as best as we
have identified them, bear the names of fallen races —
giants from to the Koran who became tooarrogant for their
own good. Many Muslims realize the people of Ad, Midian,
Thalmud and Amalik were probably tribes that worshipped
pagan gods and died before or during the arrival of Islam.
The Koran turns them into object lessons, and we try to
turn them into monsters to continue the lesson. Then
again, maybe there was truth to these people's existence.
Maybe they were the giants of old.

Tuntmudires

By: Hajirah25Z

My fellow kiswah possess skills in fighting the walk-
ing dead, thanks to their jobs or where they live. The

following are not my tales. Instead, they come from
various sources (with their assent) and represent the

different manners in which we combat or deal with the
restless in the Middle East. I have transcribed them as
best I can, but the spirit of the author is still there.

By: Sedat

Hajirah asked me to give testimony of my hunt, so!
offer this to my Western allies whom I'll likely never meet.
1 work as a paramedic for the Red Crescent, the Middle
East's Red Cross, and] own an ambulance which local Red
Crescent chapters help me stock with medicines for emer-
gencies. | also realize that knowing where and when to
hunt is critical. My job is to offer humanitarian assistance
in war zones or as disaster relief, which means I have
traveled to nearly every Arab country. Frankly, these are
the best hunting times. When war or disaster strikes, it
throws the local authorities into chaos and occupies their
attention. This is also when I see the greatest number of
walking dead emerge from among the victims.

With the Turkish earthquake that killed 17,000, the
earthquake in Afghanistan and India, the drought in
Iran, the Iraqi-Kurd conflict, cholera outbreaks in Syria
and Israeli rocket attacks on southern Lebanon, we have
our hands full, either helping victims or destroying the
walking dead that appear with increased frequency. We
visit the mass burial sites where unidentified victims are
processed. We may not encounter akhira immediately,
but a local worker might relate a story of a victim
"mistaken for dead" who left under his own power.

The dead are strong and seemingly oblivious to pain.
To fight them, I have reinforced the front of my ambu-
lance with an army truck fender. I run akhira over when
Ican. If anyone sees me, I merely tell the authorities I saw
the man looting from a nearby store or home. The police
turn a blind eye to killing looters in times of emergency.
If the situation prohibits me from such action, I rely on
local (and well-armed) soldiers to help me. I find an army
jeep or anyone else with a military vehicle and point
them at the monster with accusations of looting. When
they confront it, I reveal a glimpse of the creature's true
nature through my gift and frighten them enough to open
fire with their heavy weapons. If the creature is about to
overwhelm them, I intercede as best I can.

In this fashion, I appear the hero and not the
aggressor. This is a useful technique even outside of
disaster zones. If you call the police or military's atten-
tion to something, then help them put it down, you
protect your involvement in the situation as strictly
humanitarian. Often, the police or military allow you to
slip away quietly, partly out of gratitude, partly because
you shamed them by helping them and partly because
they do not understand how you accomplished acts or
how you made events transpire.

By: Fatwa243

Ihate the walking dead, because it's hard as hell to
stop them. One technique a friend and I use involves a
length of piano wire, tied on either end to a thick shaft
of wood or a metal bar about six inches long. After
locating what you call a rot or shambler, we follow it in


HUMAnITARIAK SeR¥ICES

By: Sedat

I became kiswah while providing disaster relief
during Turkey's recent earthquake; my partner be-
came jar — a witness to the supernatural — then as.
well, Since Turkey, we travel together in our ambu-
lance and can reach most disaster zones in under a
week. The local authorities always let us through
without stamping our passports, and we are invisible
thanks to the deluge of relief workers. We hunt with
near impunity.

Foreign kiswah wishing to hunt in Middle East-
em countries can benefit by joining the United
Nations Volunteers or the Red Cross/Red Crescent
Volunteers. When either war or disaster strikes,
which is often, offer help at the border or petition the
local chapter of your organization. They expedite
your entry into the afflicted region, often with few
questions, since they are always short-handed. While
helping victims, you should find plenty of predators

I tocliminate. The supernatural seems drawn or fueled
by misery. One warning, though: Fulfill your duties as
avolunteer first. If you give the Red Crescent a bad
reputation for your actions, you make itmore difficult
for others hoping to help the needy.

two cars until it's alone or on a relatively quiet street at
night. We then toss the length of piano wire between
the two cars and loop each end around the open door
frame. Shut the door, and that holds the wire and bar in
place. Then we drive at the walking dead, headlights
blazing so it doesn't spot the wire. Damn thing doesn't
really react in most cases because the two cars are
passing on either side and Egyptians are crazy enough to
drive this way normally. We guillotine the bastard at 60
t0 80 kph. If it goes down, we run out, douse it with
gasoline and light the match. If it's still up but hooked
on the wire, we pass on either side of another vehicle
and smash the thing into the back of someone's cat

That snaps the wire in most cases.

Two things to remember in this drive-by guillotin-
ing are to always wear hoods so nobody sees your face,
and to always switch plates with other cars so the police
don't trace you. It may not work all the time, but we've
killed our fair share of the dead this way.

Awauixires

By: Hajirah252

These words come to me with the blessing of Abu
Qutayba and Yammah Selma. Abu Qutayba leads a tribe
with the Sirhan Clan of Saudi Arabia. He travels with his
Bedouin kin across the deserts of Jordan, Syria and Saudi
Arabia, hunting mohsters in the wilds of the Middle East.
He's also indicative of kiswah who "conscript" their own
families to fight the supernatural. Yammah Selma, in
tum, is a wise woman from one of many tribes belonging


to the great Bedouin clan, the ‘Aneza of Syria. Yammah
means "mother," but it is also an exclamation of fear. In
the case of this old sheikha or wise woman, she warrants
her title. I sat in her tent long into the night, drinking
sweet tea with mint, eating salted melon seeds and
listening to her wisdom with the other female hunters
who've sought her help. Hers is a remarkable existence,
for she claims she was kiswah long before any of us.

By: Abu Qutayba

The greatest weapon a kiswah possesses is his family.
Even before the Prophet Muhammad and into today, the
tribe is family and the tribe shares responsibility. Because
of this, a feud against one is a feud against all. It is only
right that kiswah inform their kin concerning any enemy
who might murder them in retribution. This is why I hunt
with my tribe, for ifmy conduct condemns them, then at
least they deserve to face the enemy on their feet.

My family and I protect the northern territories of
Arabia, Syria and Jordan, where ghosts plague the ancient
routes and oases of the Nabataeans. They move across the
desert, forming dust devilsand storms in their wake, butthey
donot frightenus. Fear is theirmilk and honey, and knowing
thatallowsus to rob them of nourishment. Instead, we make
homes of their ancient ruins and wait at night, repeating
their names. There is power in this, for like jinn and ghils,
they dwell just within earshot and know when someone
speaks ill of them. We call them by recountingstories of their
misdeeds, and with tales of magic. When they attack us, we
perform our wardance and fight their evil together.

This is the only way to battle ghosts, for they do not
fight alone. They possess a legion of cohorts, so why
struggle without the benefit of others? These creatures
wallow in misery and fear. A man without family is bereft
of his greatest strengths and subject to the spirits' poisons.
When you fight alone, there are times when death seems
welcome, even pleasurable, compared to the hardships of
life. It is easy to surrender knowing misfortune ends with
you. But when you fight with your family and see your
uncles and brothers in danger, then death is no longer
appealing. You continue fighting with every pinch of clay
Allah fashioned to create you, because you cannot envi-
sion or accept that death awaits your family. This is the
way it should be. Perhaps this is why we band together,
whether with family or allies, because we seek strength
outside of us. We must care for someone other than
ourselves. If it cannot be family, then we form new tribes
with other kiswah. In turn, this strength of unity robs
ghosts of their ability to frighten us while we rob them of
nourishment. By strength of will, we help kin understand
that there are other evils out there beyond man andjinn.

By: Jibril

Sometimes it's simplest to leave angry spirits alone,
as | recently discovered. About eighteen years ago, there
was a large village ort the border with Lebanon called
Hammas. It was an old community with few amenities in
the way of clean running water or electricity, but the
villagers knew that others enjoyed these luxuries. So they

demanded that the governmentimprove their condition.
Syria's President, Hafez al-Assad, retaliated by sendingin
soldiers, tanks and bulldozers. The military murdered the
entire village and flattened it into the earth. Today,
there's no proof that it ever existed, and nobody knew
about the atrocity until two years after the fact.

Spirits seeking retribution for their murders now
haunt Hammas. From what I've seen, they're like a cloud
of wasps, acting as one and overwhelming anyone foolish
enough to stay the night. After the spirits slaughtered
several soldiers, the military stopped sending patrols to
investigate the complaints and disappearances of travel-
ers. The army now turnsa blind eye to the region, and we
can do nothing. Hammas is a nest of angry hornets. It
remains an open sore in Syria until we're strong enough
to gather an army of kiswah against the spirits.

I can only treat Hammas as a lesson about under-
standing the nature of our opposition. Had I not known.
the history of this village, | would have wandered in
blindly, not realizing what fate awaited me. One trick for
kiswah, foreign or domestic, is that all Arabs, especially
the Syrians and Lebanese, are a chatty people. If youwant
the unofficial history of any region, neighborhood or
even building, ask the locals. They gladly share any gossip
they know (over coffee and Arabic pastries), including
strange occurrences, murders and rumors of ghosts. Even
in this age of television, Arabs are still avid storytellers
and are often receptacles of decades worth of local
"unofficial" history, thanks to their parents and grand-
parents. If you suspect a creature infests a location, talk to
the locals and see what insight they offer. They might
know who haunts a place and how that person died,
Knowing that goes a long way toward diminishing risks.

Aoives

By: Yammah Selma

Leave men to rule the day, for this is the time Allah
demands they provide for us. Nighttime has always
belonged to women, for only we can speak of the
supernatural in these hours without drawing its atten-
tion. It is appropriate that we fight the jinn and the ghul
beneath the moon, while leaving the men to fight those
beasts that do not fear daylight.

Of all the walking dead, the ones best left to us are
those that flush their cheeks with warm blood. Remem-
ber that once before, they too were living. They
remember Allah's laws and they remember what it
means to be pious. Because of this, you can use theirird
("sexual honor" or a man's responsibility to protect a
womans integrity) against them. As ghul who feed on
blood, they may not believe in ird, but their memories as
Muslims are enough to give them pause. Strike in that
moment, for you do not have a second chance.

When you confront a ghul, bear these lessons in mind.
You must be circumcised and chaste, for Allah does not
protect women who fail to safeguard their honor and
reputation. You must always fight alongside other women,


By: Muru'a
Notall legends are fables. | hunted after a beast
whose very identity remained a mystery until only
recently. This was when I uncovered a myth from
the Jahiliyyah (Time of Ignorance) concerning a
sage named Satih who was boneless except for his
skull. | do not know whether my monster and this ]
Satih are one and the same, but the similarities are }
too great to ignore. |
This modern "Satih" is nothing buta sack of thin ff
skin. You can see straight through it like the frail
carapace of a grasshopper. Its body is devoid of bones f
(except for the skull, which shines clearly through
gossamer flesh), organs, muscles or even blood. |
have seen this Satih in two forms, the first with its
body folded beneath its skull like a pillow. Itspoke to
-acult of pagan worshippers and offered them hereti-
eal advice. In this fashion, it is a mouthpiece for the
pagan gods and it speaks in many voices depending
onwhetheroneseeksanswersfromAl-Lat, Al-Zuhara,
Hubal or Wadd (all ancient tribal deities).
Its second form, which is far more dangerous, is }f
when it uses a decapitated corpse as a vessel (it often }
}| uses the bodies of executed criminals). Its skin be-
| comes a glove for the rotting body and its skull sits
atop the severed stump of the corpse's neck. It is a jf
chilling sight made more frightening by Satih's ability
to unmake its enemies mentally or physically by
speaking to them (in a woman's voice). I believe this
power comes from the star-goddess Al-Zuhara, who
according to legend learned the true name of Allah f
and ascended into the sky to become the constella-
tions. I believe Satih uses Allah's name to drive her
enemies mad or to kill them by uncreating them.
Satih currently hunts and kills Islam's wisest
philosophers, sages and holy men in a quiet cam-
paign of terror against all Muslims. I've have tried to
| stop this creature, but it travels through the Middle
| East protected by a cult of devout mortal acolytes.

for it is improper to associate with men who are not
husband, brother or father. your gifts and your ird as
your shield, but always carry with you wood from the
pomegranate, cedar, banana or palm tree that is sharpened
toa point. Because these trees are in Paradise, plunging
them into the black heart of a ghul often paralyzes it with
fear of Allah's retribution. You may then burn the beast
afterward with hot embers or may leave it to the sun.

By: Hajirah252

Praise Allah for his beneficence, for he provides us
with a haven from Adites and protects His faithful. I
know this is true through the words of a faithful v*mp*r*
who says that Saudi Arabia is anathema to their kind.
They call it "The Keening," and say the sun troubles

their sleeping daytime with an unceasing lion's roar.
Mecea is also safe from infidel Adites and in fact pro-
tected by Thalmudites who embrace the words of the
Prophet. In turn, Allah halts their decay and keeps
them in a state of balance so they do not rot further.

The words of this Adite hold true with another confe:
sion: They cannot enter mosques, because the ground
burns their hearts and boils their blood. If you seek sanctu-
ary from an Adite, find refuge within a mosque. Allah's
power is great within its walls and only faithful Adites can
enter. If they are truly pious, they will not fight you there,
but neither should you instigate combat. The Koran
clearly states in Surah 2:191 — "...but do not fight them at
the Sacred Mosque unless they fight you there. Bue if they fight
you, kill them. Such is the reward of the unbelievers."

Mioignires

By: Tarjiman220

I've confronted shapechangers and wizards before,
and often feared for my life before their terrible arts.
Their power to change form and cast spells is dreadful,
indeed, but they seem the most human of our enemies
and the most familiar with mortal customs. Do not let
this deceive you, for these wizards can cast spells, take
the form of towering wolves and dogs and even control
the insects and snakes around them. A few even corrupt
animals to serve as their minions and impart the beasts
with powers while rotting their flesh. In this fashion,
perhaps the Midianites are truest of the jinn

Never confront these beasts alone and always carry
weapons against them. If you cannot procure weapons,
you're better off avoiding them at all costs. Some of my
brethren advocate tricking the military or local tribes
into confronting these akhira, but I cannot condone this
flagrant disregard for fellaheen lives. Your best hope lies
in ambushing Midianites before they can react.

Youmustalso fear the mortal allies of these fallen giants.
Itappears several tribes across the Middle East pay tribute to
these creatures for protection and receive it in retum. Itisan
ancient tradition among Bedouins by which large clans
defend small ones in exchange for money or livestock. The
tradition also survived in the form of a religious tax when
ancient Islam required that Christians and Jews pay a tariff
tosafeguard theirright to worship God in theirown churches
and synagogues. Itappears that several Midianites still turn to
this practice of protection. | myself attacked a shapeshifter
only toflee froma tribe of angry Bedouin. This isa reminder
that not all enemies are monsters.

By: Hajirah252

I do not know who spoke the following words, for
they appeared late one night while I spoke with Tarjiman
using the kufic script. Between the two of us, we remem-
bered what was said, but before | present it, you should
know that we consider spiders good luck. According to
Islamic folklore, when Muhammad fled to Medina from
Mecca, he hid in a cave to avoid his rivals. A spider
covered the cave entrance with a web, fooling his


pursuers into believing the cave was abandoned. Since
then, the spider has held special status for us.

By: Unknown

You think you understand this world and all its
glory? Yousleep and dream the slumber of fools! I was
like you, blind and oblivious to my place in this
world. | slaughtered indiscriminately and reveled in
the blood of those I believed guilty. I was so blind.
Somewhere in my heart of hearts, I knew what I did
was wrong, but I didn't realize it until I stumbled
upon the Mosque of Webs.

For weeks, I'd been stalking a killer who drained
his victims of their blood and encased them in a
cocoon of spider webs. Slowly, I realized these so-
called victims were nothing more than killers and
idolaters themselves. They took women and dishon-
ored their integrity, they murdered and stole from
honest people, and they worshipped gods other than
Allah. By the time I found the culprits, I had little
intention of killing them. They were pious Muslims
like myself and, I discovered, the holiest of creatures
— spiders. Are you surprised? Did Solomon not say
ants possessed a kingdom not unlike man? There are
more nations than our own and I choose another
allegiance, one humbler and more devout than ours.

I have now begun recruiting other kiswah and
fellaheen to the spiders' cause, ridding the world of
sinners and heathens. We recognize the true monsters
and we struggle justly. We fight alongside the spider-
people, killing the undeserving and protecting Allah's
holiest creatures, be they ant or man. I tell you this in
the hopes you will join us. If you refuse, then we know
you cast your allegiance with our enemies and must pay.

By: Hajirah252

This isn't the first time I've heard of the Mosque of
Webs. In fact, I believe I've seen it in visions... and] am
not alone. I know of a few kiswah who report seeing the
place in their dreams, but we cannotagree on its location.
[believe it is within the heart of ancient Damascus, while
others point to Cairo, Baghdad, Alexandria and even
Mecca itself. Our visions are the same, however. Each
time, we see an ancient mosque, perhaps once beautiful
with an ornate onion dome, golden minarets and marble
floors. Now it isa bleak place, hidden behind a tight maze
of ancient streets, and shut away with a sealed gate,
darkened windows and spider webs as thick as jungle
vines that cover it like a net. People hurry past, not seeing
it or ignoring what their minds scream cannot be there.
They apparently forget its presence a footstep or two
later, but the mosque never leaves. The most terrible of
all terrors are the thousands of tiny spiders covering the
place, which run in and out of its darkened windows like
insects skittering into a corpse's mouth.

I wish I knew where it is or could relate the over-
whelming sense of foreboding that issues from the place,
but! cannot. Even if] could find it, I doubt I'd have the
courage to enter, whether alone or with a host of allies.

Kyow Tuysete

By: Tarjiman220

Regardless of your belief, whether you profess that
Allah, Shaitan, jinn or ancient gods did this to us, a terrible
duty has fallen upon our shoulders with no warning or
regard. It strikes us with the irrefutability of a terminal
illness, but we do everything in our power to believe that
nothinghas happened tous, that we are still who we always
were. Yet, here we are, gifted whether we wish it or not,
seeing akhira whether we want to or not, and fighting for
our lives regardless of our hopes of yesterday.

Ir's funny in a way. Many kiswah consider their
capabilities a curse for reasons other than what you
might suspect. We do not believe in Christianity's
Original Sin, under which we are born bearing the
weight of Adam and Eve's actions. Instead, we believe
Allah cursed Adam with manual labor. Where Paradise
once offered him a life of luxury, Allah turned Adam
mortal and forced him to work for his fruits. Since then,
Arabs have held an ingrained suspicion of anything
requiring one to sully his hands with soil and sweat
(hence why we inadvertently use fellaheen or "tillers of
the soil" to mean ignorant or backward — and the
people who don't know the truth). Some contend this
outlook is simply a reaction to working beneath the hot
Middle Eastern sun, but in any case it explains why
Arabs (mostly those of the Arabian Peninsula) rely on
foreign workers for their manual chores.

Since we as kiswah must now toil to serve the Middle
East's people and protect them from the creatures, some
of us believe being kiswah is Adam's curse inflicted upon
us. Where we once lived comfortably, we are suddenly
beset by hard labor, tilling the harshest and most barren
earth of all. Of course, many of us know there is no such
curse and we work for the gratification of self-worth and
to save our loved ones. But others still view drudgery and
toil asa fate unworthy of their standing. As testament to
our spirit, however, almost all kiswah silence their com-
plaints and bear their duties honorably. And yet, I also
know of at least one rich Saudi and one Kuwaiti who pay
Filipino, Pakistani and Thai hunters handsomely to fight
the cause for them, as though this was simply a manual-
labor issue. Many of us find this behavior sickening, but
cannot deny that such practices occur. As a Western
expression states: It takes all kinds.

Berone Us There Was Us

Regardless of piety or sense of familial bonds, irrel-
evant of past accomplishments or failures, the imbuing
makes us all equal through our common ignorance. For
one brief moment, we are brethren and sisters in confu-
sion. Then we reclaim our individuality by how we
contend with our new existence. Most often, we must
deal with our past lives, for therein lie our greatest
concerns. Rather than simply take my word on faith, hear
these testimonies and know that] echo the pain of others.


Famivy

By: al-Amin

I believe Lebanese, Iraqi and Iranian kiswah enter
the cause with the same advantage, if it can be called
that. We've already knowna life of war and hardship, so
our condition changes little upon becoming soldiers on
a different front. This is simply a new threat to our
survival, and we fall back upon old practices such as
stockpiling food and medical equipment, staying away
from windows, keeping the lights off at home, and most
importantly, remaining close to family.

If we've learned one lesson from past strife it is that
loved ones are important, even necessary for our sur-
vival. Lebanese, Iraqi and Iranian kiswah may not
approach the issue with the same dedication as those
who bring their families into the wardance, but we still
live and rely on parents, brothers, sisters and even
children. It stabilizes our sanity and reminds us we do
not fight alone. Nobody survives a war on his own.
Conversely, it is not uncommon for Arabs to live with
their families, even after marriage. In war, this becomes
increasingly prevalent since families flock together for
mutual protection, support and socialization. If a
relative's house is bombed, you cannot refuse him a roof.
If there is fighting in your brother's neighborhood, you
must play host to his family. It is the way of Arabs.

So if family is important, how do we protect them
while still fulfilling our duties? We cannot usually
reveal to our beloved what it is we have become or what
we know about the world. Our families would not
understand and would think us mad. Alternatively,
they would seek to become involved in a conflict they
cannot understand and would be harmed or killed.

Some of us simply maintain contact with our fami-
lies from afar, for comfort, but keep quiet about our
expeditions. This is perhaps the best solution in the
end, because nobody is at risk. In these situations we
remove all addressed envelopes, address books, family
pictures and even phone numbers on speed-dial from
our homes. If we can survive without identification, we
hide important papers in a safe-deposit box as well. The
less connecting us to our loved ones, the better.

Some kiswah dare to live with their families, which
means loved ones can scrutinize the hunters' activities,
and trouble may be led back to the home. If moving out
isimpossible because akiswah is married, owns his house
or provides for his family, one option is to lie. Some
hunters claim they've found nighttime employment
and blame all bumps and scrapes on accidents at work.
This is a short-lived solution when the household sees
ho extra money from this supposed job (and trust me,
they are nosy enough to notice). A rare few live in
politically charged homes and claim membership with
movements like the intifada or Hamas. These supposed
connections explain injuries, weapons and poverty.

A very select few among hunters confide in their
families. They believe doing so liberates them from

familial obligations — that their cause is more important
than their connections to their loved ones — but this is
a dangerous course. Assuming the family listens and
doesn't hospitalize the hunter, he has just changed their
perception of the world, even if just for the little that they
can understand. Consider the impact of the hunt on us
for a moment. We confront the supernatural with mini-
mal instruction, innate weapons to keep monsters at bay
and with some wherewithal to remain sane. Our families
have none of these assurances, yet can be subjected to all
the frightening burdens of truth, even if they can't
actually grasp the enormity of the truth. Just a glimpse at
the horrors can drive them mad. Why sacrifice them
unnecessarily? Just for the sake of not being alone?

Tome, anyone who dreams of using the wardance on
loved ones is an even greater fool. They expose fellaheen
to grievous mental and physical danger, all for the sake of
unburdening their isolation. We are supposed to protect
the fellaheen. No, | believe it would be better to vanish
from our families' world than try to confront them with
a truth that can only overwhelm them.

Work

By: Fatwa243

You have been shown that monsters walk the
world. Your world has been ruined and you wonder what
to do. You have a job and a home, and you don't want
to part with either. They help define who you are — or
who you believed yourself to be. Thankfully, the Middle
East offers one blessing to help kiswah maintain some
semblance of their lives and minds. In our restricted
society, we can't usually afford to hunt in broad day-
light. Allow me to explain. The Middle East is a powder
keg of political and religious tension. Most public at-
tacks are bound to draw police fire (the only time
Middle Eastern authorities yell "stop" is when telling
their men to cease firing). Some of us believe that the
monsters can prowl without being seen and by tricking
fellaheen into forgetting the creatures' passing. Thanks
to Allah's blessing, our minds are no longer clouded and
we see. And yet, our fellow people still do not see. So
when we act against the beasts in the street, who do
onlookers see and remember? Us. It doesn't matter if we
are trying to help them. We're suddenly scapegoats.
Save a baby from a ghul and witnesses tell police you
kidnapped the child after killing her mother. You can't
win, so you might as well turn things to your advantage.

The first thing Arab kiswah realize is that it's better
to hunt at night; it's easier to hide from the authorities,
there are fewer fellaheen on the streets and it's too dark
to identify you properly. Also, why hunt during the day
when temperatures dehydrate you quickly? Because the
heat soars between 12:00-1:00 PM through to about
3:00 PM (5:00 PM in Persian Gulf countries), most
stores and private businesses close for the afternoon and
stay open late at night.

If you absolutely must answer Allah's call by day, it
can be done when the sun is highest and many people


seek shelter. I'm even told it's easier to track the walking
dead by their stench during the high temperatures of
midday. Just be sure to stock up on water and salt tablets.
Heat exhaustion is a silent killer.

What does all this have to do with a job and your
home? Simply this: Most Arab kiswah, knowing it's
suicidal to hunt by day, maintain their jobs and homes.
Pursuing the cause is best done at night, during their free
time. Sure it's difficult, but the alternative is even more
so: no income, forced to abandon your residence, being
transient in countries under heavy police supervision,
and relying on handouts. The first piece of advice w
offer new kiswah aside from "don't involve your family"
is "keep your job." It may be boring and trivial after your
nocturnal experiences, but it offers stability, it reminds
you who you fight for, it puts food in your mouth, it
keeps you strong and the hunt doesn't become your sole
purpose. That's most important; few hunters survive by
living for the cause alone

Exrneme MEASURES

By: Sedat

Asa paramedic, I've seen my share of stress-trauma
victims. The Nightly Visitants may offer us strength
against the supernatural, but at what price? Despite our
accomplishments before — friends, family, home, job,
religious fulfillment nothing prepares us for our
change or for the first few weeks afterward. Alone and
frightened, we fall back into familiar patterns to make
sense of our lives. 1, for example, distracted myself with
work until I could deal with the psychological ramifica-
tions of my existence. Others withdraw or worse, try to
share their experiences with fellaheen such as priests
imams or rabbis. At best, these people think kiswah suffer
from anxiety or stress. Worst is when they believe you
insane and send you to an asylum (fortunately, based on
the Islamic models of compassion, Arab health care
stre! the ethical treatment of patients and tries to
help the insane, not exclude them). The worst fate I've
heard is from hunters of uneducated, rural or even
nomadic families. I've met hunters who were forced to
fight against even their own friends and family because
those people believed the kiswah possessed and tried to
capture our brethren for their own good.

Eventually, most of us manage our state in a variety
of ways, from the practical to the emotional. Most of us
I've heard some hunters who spiral out of control. They
embrace the most extreme methods in some twisted lo;
of right and wrong. Supposedly one kiswah in $
slaughtered his entire family "to keep them safe" and
burned their bodies so they wouldn't return as walking
dead. Another man hid his family in an old bomb shelter
in the Egyptian desert with enough canned food and
books to last for years. He then buried the shelter beneath
the sands to keep his loved ones imprisoned, hidden and
safe while he fought the akhira. He confessed this to one
ofus while suffering from a grievous injury. He died before
he could rev


Rumors allege many things these days. A woman
walked into an Iranian mosque with a handgun and
opened fire on the script-carvings, because she believed
the words haunted her. A hunter threw a party for his
friends and gassed everyone including himself with car-
bon monoxide from a hose leading from his car's exhaust
into his home. According to the suicide note, "their souls
were in danger." A teenaged Syrian kiswah reputedly
killed the girls in his class because they distracted him
from the cause. These stories flourish with the suspicious
fertility of gossip and rumor, but I cannot deny the stress
on the faces of my comrades. Most of these war-weary,
hollowed-eye stares come from our newest members, who
have no guidance or mentors to teach them the way. I
can't help but wonder how many kiswah we've lost to
suicide or asylums or to their own uneducated mistakes.
The greater question is how can we reach them in their
earliest and most dangerous hours? Is this perhaps our
weeding process, whereby the Nightly Visitants see who
ig strongest? I dread the answer.

Fontccnens AND DisnrremRinc

By: Globetrotter

Sorry, but if you're an expatriate hit with al-
Ghariyyan while living here, you're in it deep. Saudi
Arabia, Bahrain and Kuwait (just off the top of my
head) provide subsidized homes and apartments for
foreign workers (mostly Western) like doctors and
engineers, while labor usually gets the short end of the
stick with poor accommodations. In either case, you're
frrecord. You can't move without informing the hous-
ingbureau and youcan'thideunless you go underground.

Knowing the truth is bad enough on its own. But us
expats have to be doubly careful. Ifyou're here with family,
do everyone a favor and move back to your country of
origin. Your spouse and children don't need this grief,
especially if you place them in danger. If you want to send
them off and stay behind because your job pays well, know
your limitations. If you're convicted ofany crime, you'll be
shipped back (and lashed in Saudi or Iran to remind you of
Your visic). If you miss too much work, it's the same deal.
Ifyou want to hunt without worries, relatively speaking,
then your options are to be extremely careful or to become
gueilo. That's Chinese for ghost, but i's also derogatory for
white foreigners. Some Filipino hunters working in Hong
Kongpicked up the term froma monster there and adapted
itfor expats who went underground in another country —
becoming "ghosts." We considered using the Arabic de-
fivative ruh, but realized it might be confusing if we
identified ourselves with the enemy.

Becoming gweilo is easy. Staying one is hard. You
need liquid assets that don't rely on banks (gold, pearls,
US dollars). You need friends or at least allies to shelter
you without question. You need false documents if you
iptendto vanish, because your old passportis now flagged,
And you need to keep moving. Understand that you
fan't go back home and reclaim your identity, ever.
You've effectively committed suicide. Your former life is

past. The Middle East maintains strong connections with
Western powers like the U.S. and Britain. Saudi Arabia,
Jordan and Lebanon maintain extradition treaties with
the superpowers. If you vanish, the authorities will spot
your passport across the Middle East, North America and
Europe. Egypt, Arabia and Israel also share data with
INTERPOL, meaning if you're a criminal in one country,
you're a criminal everywhere.

If you're determined to become gweilo, remember
these three rules: plan, plan, plan. That means take the
time to acclimate yourself to your new existence, consider
all the hardships of being a drifter and the ramifications of
abandoning your life, and make sure you've secured your
resources well beforehand (in other words, don'timprovise
orenter this blindly). Finally, hold onto your oldlifeas long
as possible. Going rogue should be your last option when
your back is against the wall and you hear police sirens
approaching. Prepare everything in advance, so when you
become gweilo, a safety net and new identity awaits you.
That means liquid assets, contacts to take you over borders,
anew passport and ID cards, safe houses and supply caches.

I can't tell you if anyone's gone underground suc-
cessfully for long. I've heard of only three expat hunters
who went gweilo and they all vanished. Maybe their
efforts proved a rousing success, but they might also be
in shallow desert graves. Proceed at your own risk,
because you're pioneers here.

Tue Hus

By: Hajirah252

No doubt, the other contributors for this pandect of
uncertainty have offered a wealth of information concern-
ing the hunt. I hope I am no less insightful with my
observations. There are many problems associated with
becoming kiswah, outside the mortal dangers of the cause
itself. How we deal with friends, family and indeed with our
lives dictates ouractions inall things tocome. Compassion
breeds compassion. Misery begets misery. Our responses
may differ, but the hunt remains the same — or does it?

In leaving our existence open to interpretation, the
Nightly Visitants leave us to answer our questions alone
and to pursue our duties with scattered intentions.
Perhaps Allah tests us with offers of power or perhaps we
bear multiple fathers: Allah for the righteous, Shaitan
for the wicked and jinn for the unbelievers. The fact
remains that we are a broken force.

On one side stand those kiswah who remain noble,
despite the temptations heaped at their feet. They fight
the akhira and judge the supernatural by their actions, not
appearance. On the other are hunters who believe they
follow personal destiny. As long as they have the power,
they perform Allah's work. This "right" excuses many
horrors. Those in the middle believe our struggle is
Islam's answer to the Christian Inquisition and they see
this as opportunity to cleanse Allah's house of both jinn
and fellaheen they believe are evil. It is no longer a war


against the preternatural, but a fight against a conceptu-
alized enemy, whether by destroying wicked men and
women or removing the influences of the colonial West.
Such is free will in undisciplined principle.

Ctemency — THe Correcr Toots

By: Jibril

Everyone shares how they carry out the hunt, but 've
seen few kiswah consider how they wish to conduct
themselves or how they hope to succeed before they pick
up their first weapon. We seem to fall into our decisions,
arrivingat them aseach predicamentarises. Wenever ask
ourselves the hard questions until they're before us. Are
we willing to kill fellaheen if the situation demands it?
How many are too many deaths? Do we hunt with no
regard to the nature of our adversaries or ourselves?

Questions demand answers, but the easy ones are
never worth asking in the first place. More so, can we
spare the time for soul-searching? Perhaps we should
formulate our answers in the crucible of battle. Afterall,
no theory is sound until tested in critical moments.
What's the solution? Permit ourselves our questions,
carry them in our hearts and act without wavering when
we must, even if the task is unsavory? No matter what,
hesitation kills. Perhaps there is always tomorrow to
reconsider your actions and ask God for forgiveness.

Turning Disabyanraces inro ADYRNTAGES

By: Fatwa243

If you are kiswah, the first thing you should know is
that your greatest tool is cunning. Knowing this means
there's no such thing as a disadvantage — only unreal-
ized potential. Some Arab hunters complain they don't
have access to the Internet, or that they live ina country
where a political office censors the news. Little do they
realize that those "weaknesses" are actually blessings.

In the US, when the police are subject to scandal,
everyone knows about it. It's on the news, because news
agencies are responsible for their own conduct. That
gives them carte blanche to air anything they want to as
longas it's newsworthy. Not true here. The Middle East
knows its own abuses and corruption every day and itall
goes unreported. If someone witnesses, reports or even
records an abuse of power and delivers the record to a
television studio, they collide with censorship. Most
news agencies in the Middle East must submit their
material to a government agency for "approval." Guess
what never airs and guess whose material vanishes?
When fanatics attacked the Ka'bah in Mecca, for ex-
ample, Saudis didn't hear all the details until after
international agencies covered the incident.

I''msure that's why neither we nor the akhira appear
on news programs or in newspapers. That's a good thing,
because it means we can hunt without becoming the
enemy of the state. The public doesn't know about us
and if the authorities censor the news, they won't tell
anyone they're after us (the best lie is the one never
told). This way we still interact publicly without fearing

someone will recognize us. The real problem rests in
avoiding the authorities, which may or may not know of
us, but isn't that always the case?

This same principle of turning disadvantages into
advantages applies to everything we considera drawback.
We don't know who or what we are? Good. Maybe Allah
left that to interpretation so we'd support the cause by
whatever standard seemed right to us. We leave our lives
behind? That means we don't have to worry about
drawing loved ones into the conflict. We live a nomadic
existence? A moving target is harder to kill than a
stationary one. We don't have the proper weapons to
fight the beasts? We are the weapons. Maybe we should
stop focusing on finding gunsand worry about honing our
personal skills. Besides, guns draw attention to us, making
us an enemy to man and beast alike. Maybe by concen-
trating on subtlety, the authorities might leave us alone,
too. The police are still after you? Well, maybe that's a
warning to the rest of us not to be so stupid.

It's truly amazing how much easier the hunt be-
comes when you treat everything as a benefit and
nothing as a hindrance. It doesn't mean underestimat-
ing your opponent. It means squeezing the potential out
of every situation.

Yue Greaven Cove

By: Tarjiman220

You've heard mention of our word in the form of
kufic script. You know it adorns our mosques and some-
how allows us to speak with one another. Yet, | still
sense we have not explained it properly, if only because
it remains a mystery to us.

In Iran, there is the earliest expression of an exquisite
art form combining science and design on the surface of a
centuries-old tower. Atcertain times of the day, the carved
and raised designs appear ornate, but hold no significance
to the questioning eye. When the sun hits certain portions
of the tower just right, the play of light and shadow across
its surface reveals a prayer to Allah. While breathtaking in
ingenuity, there is nothing magical in its existence. It
simply combines contrast with sculpture to create a mes-
sage. Perhaps this is the best way to describe our Word. It
is more than simple lines of interlocking kufic script. It
includes the empty spaces between words. Understanding
our code entails studying the script as a whole, contrasts
and all, rather than focusing for individual patterns. Oth-
erwise, it's like trying to discern the nature of a complex
sentence by studying one word.

Our code is not rooted in Arabic save for using kufic
script as a medium. It's only vaguely similar to the
Western Word of simple geometry. Where your code is
singular and two-dimensional, ours possesses depth and
seems morea full branch of patterns than the twigs of your
designs. We read into the script rather than from right to
left (you read and write English in reverse of Arabic),
because each symbol imparts a flurry of meanings and
intent. It is more emotive than literal, though we some
times grasp actual phrases and specific words (addresses,


numbers,names) when they are important to the message's
meaning. The true tragedy of this means we cannot
duplicate the code with our own hands. We can read and
even speak through it using a form of quiet meditation,
but we must rely upon the Western Word to impart
written messages. This is why Western hunters find
familiar codes scrawled in graffiti above doors and alley-
ways in the Middle East. It seems we kiswah understand
both means of communication inherently upon being
changed, though we don't know how. Our Word, while
perfect for transmitting thoughts and intentions, cannot
preserve the message any more than the wind sustains our
voices for long. We cannot recreate it, either, because we
understand our Word in contrasts, not simple lines.

You already know we believe Allah gave us the
script as a gift and that it is limited to the Middle East
because of Holy Mecca and Jerusalem. I believe there is
more, however. I recently spoke with Violin99 con-
cerning his treatise on a hunter named Fyodor. While
we disagreed on many points, Violin99 proposed an
interesting possibility based on the eclectic opinions of
his mentor. What if the code was Islam's attempt to
fortify the world and imprison the deadliest of akhira?
Unlike the unwieldy architecture of Stonehenge or the
Giza Pyramids, the code might be Allah's stamp, an
Islamic mandala spread through the light of knowledge.
The hub is therefore our most sanctified cities, with the
code distributing the power of the faithful throughout
the Middle East using mosques as pinions (creating a
web of "power lines"). We know the Jahiliyya was a
period of darkness and pagan benightedness. Might the
code be the prison bars to keep the "Time of Ignorance"
at bay? Was it more than an era, but a directed and
driving force meant to suppress humanity's faith and
ideals? I can certainly see Violin99's argument, even
though I disagreed when he said the code was a prison
to keep a greater evil contained inside the Middle East.
He called it "The Second Sign."

Nosooy Isa Toot

By: Hopel 23.

I hear hunters speak of the defenseless like they're
tools in the war. This attitude frightens me. | look for
reasons why this happens, but few answers make sense. Is
itaresult of war? Iraq, Iran, Israel and Lebanon have seen
terrible conflicts for over two or more decades, and it
leads me to believe that this tension creates an environ-
ment of acceptance. When anyone can die crossing the
street thanks to a stray bullet or errant shell, life loses
value. We understand people perish in wars all the time.
It's never about death, but a matter of acceptable losses.

When I hear about an attack on a bus that kills
several passengers, I often catch myself being thankful for
those who survived and give little thought to those who
died. Is this the trick? Do hunters like Abu Qutayba,
Sedat and even the man Fyodor mentions in Bur Dubai
tisk the lives of the defenseless, or even kill them,
believing they fulfill an overall good? Do they count their

victories by the men and women they do not harm? Isn't
that like beating one child so the rest do not suffer?

I know some hunters who believe their war a holy
cause and their means justifiable because everything is
preordained in God's eyes. Follow this logic: "God (or

lah) knows and sees all, including the course of our
lives down to the individual action. He knows how we
will use our gifts, and that includes using the defense-
less to our advantage. If He does not want us to fight
the cause in such a manner, He would leave us igno-
rant like the fellaheen. Yet, knowing we must use the
defenseless to accomplish our tasks, He gives us these
gifts anyway, obviously signifying He approves our
methods!" How someone can twist God's message into
this monstrous philosophy is beyond me, but some
hunters subscribe to the belief.

Another justification for using the harmless is
more politically charged. Some kiswah retain old ha-
treds and grudges simply because they still live in the
same environments they've always known. It takes a
strong will to abandon everything you once held dear
and forge a new path, but I believe that when you are
willing to start anew, you're also willing to reevaluate
your philosophies. I am not such a woman, for my son
and husband anchor me to my world in all the best
ways. Others are the same, but their anchors continue
feeding them animosity and reminding them of who
they were, not what they can achieve. This is particu-
larly deadly when old routines include hatred or an
active vendetta toward a group of people (Palestinian
versus Israeli, Kurd versus Iraqi, Turk versus Greek,
Arab versus Westerner). How can we face anew threat
when we cannot lay our old ones to rest?

Aspirav ion — PLANNING YHE War

By: Hajirah252

Hajirah, my acolytes say, what tools do we need to
hunt? I say, you need what the situation demands. Yes,
tools exist without judgment and in fact serve as the
medium for our message. If we use fire in anger, it burns.
If we use it in kindness, it warms. If we use it together,
it illuminates. It's true our tool remains the same, but
our purpose for it does not. The danger is believing that
each situation relies on the same apparatus that served
you well the last time. That is laziness. If you do not
know what you require in a situation, you didn't plan
properly. Shortsightedness serves no one. While we
cannot prepare and provide for every contingency, we
should at least plan for the expected.

These words are especially important to help you
choose your fights. We could tell you how to find evil,
but the truth is it finds us all too easily. We do not lack
a choice of opponents; we simply don't know who's
most dangerous. Our greatest mistake, though, lies in
our impatience, in our desire to kill that which we know
is unnatural. What does that serve? Does acting impetu-
ously help the cause? Or does it serve our own egos?


Fino Ornen Hunrens

By: al-Amin

Never fightalone. Each hunter possesses a unique set
of abilities that serves he and his comrades in battle.
Some may actasartillery pieces (staying back and provid-
ing ranged assistance), while others are foot soldiers, who
function best when toe-to-toe with their adversary. Yet,
how do we find one another? There was nobody there to
welcome us, because we are the first as far as we know.
That doesn't have to hold true for new hunters. They
shouldn't fear alone. It's our responsibility to show them
the way and protect them in the yawning nights that
would kill them for their inexperience

I'll dispense with the most common advice on locat-
ing others through the the kufic script adorning our
mosques and art. That seems the easiest way to reach our
brethren and sisters, but it's not always effective. Some
hunters encounter the code easily, while others never
fully understand its possibilities. | know several kiswah
who deliberately ignored it, either because they thought
they were mad or suspicion of it silenced their tongues. |
cannot blame them. The kufic Word, while a blessing, is
atooluseful only to those willing to know it. Even I stayed
quiet after my al-Ghariyyan. Other kiswah who commu-
nicated through it were nameless words and less real to
me than the monster I killed

That said, it's our responsibility to find and mentor
new hunters who believe themselves alone. Speaking to
them through the code is not the answer. I suggest the
following methods, instead. But be warned: They re-
quire diligence and patience.

* Street Gossip — We're like newborn infants in
that we rarely arrive into our world without terrible fuss
and thunder. Sometimes we wait patiently for the
proper moment to strike. Other times we simply act.
The end result is that we make noise. Knowing this
experienced hunters should foster closer ties with vari-
ous neighborhoods so that when such events occur, we
know about it immediately. Don't rely on the television
to relate unusual occurrences. It seems strangely quiet
about our activities. Gossipy neighbors serve as better
sources of information — telling us about a recent
skirmish, police visit or outbreak of violence —and may
inadvertently steer us toward a hunter.

* Religion —No matter how faraman ventures from
God, al-Ghariyyan draws him back, even if only for a
moment. The nature of the Nightly Visitants and the
existence of akhira throws our beliefs into question. I
know few kiswah who can resist traveling to a church,
mosque or synagogue at least once to ask "why" or "how.
The nature of our experience also drives us there for
simple solace, as a reminder of the simplicity of our past
lives or to gaze at the building's artwork. I frequent the
local mosques and churches, studying those entering and
leaving. I've met two kiswah allies in this fashion.

¢ Medical Care — I am fortunate that | have
contacts within the American University of Beirut

Hospital and the Hotel-Diew de France. They inform
me when they treat someone (either victim or hunter)
for unusual injuries. Posing asa reporter for The Daily
Star, I "interview" the victim if I can reach him,
determining whether the person or event elicits my
interest. When you hear the news saying people were
hurt, but reports are sketchy or odd, check local
clinics or hospitals. You sometimes stumble across an
injured kiswah or akhira.

© Place the Signs —There isa utilitarian simplicity
to the Western code, often making me wonder if the
kufic script is our cryptography and the Western symbols
ourstreet signs (one-word directions). I find them useful
tools, especially when disguised as political declarations
to steer other hunters to me.

Unpersrano Your EXeMY

By: Muru'a

You see the beast or ghost that hides as a man. He
walks upright and without a shred of monstrosity be-
traying his demeanor. He seems comfortable in the
world of humans and does not appear dangerous. So how
does it serve you if you attack him? You jeopardize the
fellaheen around him and yourself, all for a jinn who
might simply vanish or tear you apart like paper at
another time. He might even be pious, like the walking
dead who protect Mecca. Patience, my friends, that's
the trick to winning while ensuring your survival,

From my experience, jinn, monsters, the walking
dead, akhira or whatever else you call them all share a
common trait, with yourself and with me. I believe weall
possess a motive or reason for existing in a daily routine.
We all have places to go and it always pertains to our
immediate surroundings. Even the free Bedouins chart
their course in familiar deserts. Very few people or crea-
tures are truly nomadic. Everyone needs to do something
or be somewhere. If you can understand where and what
that is, you comprehend your adversary.

This is not North America, where rapid transit
allows for comfortable travel everywhere. Certainly we
have buses, taxis, trains and cars to take us where we
need to go, but we shop and we conduct our business
close to our homes for the sake of convenience or
familiarity. The supernatural is the same way. If it lairs
somewhere, it often remains close to its home or point
of interest. One of the only times this isn't true, from my
experience, is when a creature hunts, stalks or scouts.
Then it might venture to other parts of a city. Even
then, it might rely on some conventional method of
transportation, making it easy to follow.

If you see a supernatural creature, take a moment to

study its actions in the context of its surroundings. This
tells you much about its intentions. If it strolls and
wanders about streets, there's a good chance it nests
nearby. Ask yourself: Does it appear familiar with the
area or people? With whom does it associate? Does it
appear in the day or night? Does it walk with purpose or
wander around ignorant of time? (If it walks with


purpose, wherever it goes bears some significance in the
creature's life.) Does it appear bold, furtive, humble?
How does the creature study others? (Predators, even
when they aren't stalking, often cast avaricious glances
at their favorite prey.) What does it do during prayer
time? Does it merely parrot the actions of the faithful or
does it truly prostrate itself to Allah?

Young kiswah often wonder why we resort to such
surreptitious maneuvers when some of us possess the

power to question these creatures directly about their
ways? I know far too many hunters who rely solely on
their divination or insight or ability to demand answers.

They confront monsters directly and insist on informa-
tion, then they wonder why the akhira react negatively
You would be adversarial and belligerent, too, if a com-
plete stranger stopped you in your tracks and demanded
that you account for your existence. Remember that we
prize the notion of "face" as greatly as the Japanese or
Chinese. Remember that you can force akhira into a fight
because you question their honor. Know when thisserves
as a deliberate ploy to goad a beast into battle, but also
realize this action should bea last step, not your absolute
and most critical tool of analysis. By using your gifts too
early, you may alert monsters to your existence, forcing
both of you into unnecessary conflict. If you employ your
powers near the end of your investigation, you already
possess some forewarning of the subject's nature and its
likely reactions. Use your abilities only if you're ready for
aconfrontation.

By understanding your adversary's patterns, you
might comprehend it better. If you can glean where
it lives or its daily routine, then you possess one
advantage in the hunt. You have time to choose your
tools for the job and can set up an ambush where it's
most convenient to your intended task. Knowing the
battlefield in advance allows you to establish escape
routes, hiding spots, plans of attack and even booby
traps, if necessary.

Roseing re UxDEAD
By: Omeed

I don't advocate this style of hunting, but I know
a group of kiswah who claims it works well on anything
but Amalikites (ghosts). They pickpocket a target,
hard, either by slamming into it from behind or by
running past and grabbing anything available. Then
they bolt for the closest alley where their friends wait
with weapons. The akhira usually gives chase, anger
clouding its judgment, not realizing that a trip wire is
strung across the alley and several covered boards with
spikes pointed up await. Then they attack the beast.
These kiswah claim they can set up everything in under
three minutes and that they've killed several akhira
this way. But they also admit to grievously hurting a
normal person who thought he was helping out a
robbery victim. The strategy seems haphazard and |
told them to change their tactics. Somebody will
eventually figure out their tactic and turn the tables on
them. I doubt they'll listen, though.


Fervor — Carrying our rae BAYYLE

By: Tarjiman220

Everyone speaks of planning and determining the
inevitabilities of Allah's mission, yet it all flies out the
window in the heat of battle. I think preparing is a good
thing to minimize interference from authorities and to
help prevent tragedies, but l also know that if youplan too
much, you're less prepared for the unexpected. Knowing
even your adversary's tribe is little help since we often
deal with individual beings. They make decisions just as
we do and appear just as unpredictable. | have never seen
two walking dead react exactly the same way. Could this
mean the enemy is also scattered and driven by motiva-
tion? I'm not sure, but I do know we must fight our battles
in quick strikes and end them or die.

I don't believe this a war like so many claim, but a
guerilla war. If Allah truly wanted an army, He would
have created a legion of us and designated a hierarchy.
Instead, we're scattered, remote, few and afraid. This
tells me I'm not a soldier in some grand battle. I'm
fighting a handful of small skirmishes against the un-
worthy, perhaps even dueling against one opponent or
a small group of them. Maybe this is Allah's way of
saying war is indiscriminate, so we should be, too.
Maybe we're scalpels to Allah's blade, cutting the can-
cerous from the healthy tissue? Regardless, we can afford
to fight only one battle at a time and survive the course
from day to day. Perhaps our blessing is the ability to
consider each action before we commit it.

Beasts of BunDex

By: Abu Qutayba

I recently met with other Bedu kiswah from among
the Bani-Sakhr tribe. We shared many secrets beneath
the smiling sun. I told them of the wardance so their
family might partake of the cause and they spoke of the
ancient whispering ways, which they claimed allowed
them to command animals. It is no secret that the
Bedouin have always walked with the four-legged beasts
from before Muhammad. We measure prosperity by our
camel herd, our food by our sheep, our drink by our goats
and our hospitality by the biggest ewe we slaughter to
honor our guests. Such accounting says that we are
skilled enough to survive the desert and to fatten our
livestock on nothing but the sand and wind. The Bani-
Sakhr claim that they and some kiswah living within the
cities can instill their dogs with their own courage, thus
teaching them to fight at their side. Where once these
loyal companions betrayed us to the akhira out of fear,
they can now supposedly face down the most hideous
beasts. Can this be true, or are these Bedouin in fact
harsh taskmasters who beat their animals into a frenzied
hatred so they attack anything?
Dents wera vie Devic

By: Muru'a

How important is your cause? Is it worth your family,
friends, home, luxuries, morals or your very integrity?

Many kiswah answer the call believing they can emerge
intact, without sacrificing anything of their lives. Per-
haps that is even true, if they acknowledge that the less
they relinquish the more fellaheen suffer. Is that fair? No,
this life isn't fair, which is why we call the next Paradise.
As a hunter, you must decide which Eden you'd prefer:
the one of your choosing or the one of His making.

You learn this lesson quickly in Iraq, far quicker
than anywhere else in the Middle East. Can you sacri-
fice your ideals for your reality? Tarjiman, al-Amin and
the others tell you how to act in this war. They say your
journey is far more important than your goal. That'sfine
if you aren't starving, or weaponless, or alone or aren't
blessed with their luxury to philosophize. We are hun-
gry, alone and weaponless. Facing this reality means you
must continue the fight by making sacrifices. Allah
understands this, or else His title of All Merciful is
meaningless. Where do you stop, though?

Some kiswah were members of a "liberation front" (a
much prettier name than "terrorist group") before al-
Ghariyyan. They might be involved with al-Quds trying
to remove Western influence from Saudi Arabia, or in
the Hezbollah struggle against Israel. They might be one
of the Kurdish PPK fighting for a homeland, members of
the Islamic groups seeking to topple Egypt's Zionist-
friendly government, one of the Hamas who seek a new
Palestine, or among the Zionist Kach and Kahani Chai
who fight for Israel, regardless of Israel. These hunters can
claim their motives are noble and selfless even while they
perform despicable acts, because they support a cause
they believe with their hearts. Others hunters, however,
do not have the luxury of idealism to justify their actions
and must find employment with Arabian slave traders,
the PPK heroin pipeline, the Israeli and Lebanese Mafia
or numerous black-market profiteers to supply and back
their causes. These kiswah seek to do good, but must
condone performing some evil for the greater good. |
cannot tell you whether this is right or wrong, for the
answers are not often simple. They always depend on
personal values. Maybe you can accept the murder of a
fellaheen because he didn't pay your boss drug money, but
can you endure the sight of women or children shackled
into prostitution or slavery? Is your personal war against
the akhira justified then?

In exchange for our services, we can procure weap-
ons, equipment and even the support of allies, but is it
worth the pain and suffering? Compromising one's self
is a danger when allies are no longer your tools but your
masters. Your pursuits have turned truly selfish when
they add misery to the world rather than diminish it.

Tue River ay Your Back

By: Yammah Selma

Sometimes it happens. Your back is against the
river and the only escape is forward, where your enemy
lies. There is naught to do but thank Allah for this
chance to prove your worthiness, dig your heels into the
sand and fight with His name on your lips. In these


times, only Allah and the gift of His beneficence may
save you, so know which of His powers to call upon to
serve you best. In these days of war, I have seen many
pass beneath my tent, each displaying the heart of one
animal or another. Know your heart and may these
words carry you to the next morning.

Falcon — Since before Muhammad, the falcon is
only second to the camel in nobility and as a harbinger
of longevity. Those who carry its gifts are like a bird
riding the winds, hiding against the sky, blinding oppo-
nents who must stare into the sun to find it. Those from
House of Falcon should let their spirits soar and either
vanish from sight, as though high in the cloud, or blind
their opponents with equal fury to those who would
foolishly gaze at the sun. It is in these moments of your
enemy's confusion that you can either slip away, or wait
to attack again when the advantage is yours. Should
others fight by your side, then surround them within
your wings if you can and serve to protect them.

* Dove — To the dove, there is always hope. Did
Noah not send it out to find land, to find hope that there
was indeed a place where the olives were still plentiful?
Those of this house always seek peaceful recourse, even
away to bring reconciliation between themselves and
their adversary through Allah's word. The dove is white
fora reason, for blood rarely touches its pristine coat. To
these kiswah, I say that Allah gives you the chance to
bring hope to empty lives. You are the mouth for His
words. Save yourself then by offering your opponent
salvation, for Allah is merciful. If your words do not affect
it, then distract the creature while those of sharper fangs
and tongue mete out justice to the infidel beast.

* Fox — This cunning creature knows it cannot
outfight its adversaries, so it outthinks them. Those from
House of Fox, like myself, possess sight beyond mortal
reckoning and are blessed with an estimation of what is
to come. We are soothsayers and seers who divine the
future. It is the foolish fox who fights the enemy with her
back to the river. You should have fought your battle long

before confronting the ghul. You should know better. If
you find yourself in this predicament, draw upon another
animal's power, for the fox's only benefit now is eluding
the hounds at its tail, and perhaps licking its wounds.

* Dog — Of Allah's blessed creatures, the dog is the
most honest, loyal and perhaps our most ancient ally.
Those of this merit are equally protective of the fellaheen
and confederate alike. Like the saluki who watch our
tents at night and keep the darkness at bay, so too do
these two-legged greyhounds protect us with their wards
and burning touch. Those of this house serve best when.
they can protect their allies. I have even heard of those
who mark the ghul in such a manner so that their own.
dogs may later track the beasts down.

* Eagle — The keen-eyed eagle watches from the
clouds, flying closest to Allah's feet and judging those
beneath. For the unworthy, it dives and plucks the offend-
ing creature from the earth within its talons and returns to
the sky where Allah passes judgment. Fear the scrutiny of
these kiswah, for their gaze pierces the soul and impales the
ghul to the ground. Those of you calling the House of Eagle
yours, know that few creatures can withstand your sight if
youare righteousand just. Never fear the river at your back,
for your direction is forever forward, toward the ghul. You
neverserve your heart by shying away from your duty. Your
power demands eagle-eyed certainty.

¢ Lion — Once, our ancestors believed the lion
knew evil spirits and never feared their actions. Travel-
ers moving through the lands of a pride would call out
to the beast, begging it for safe passage. The lion
exemplifies courage, so it is no surprise that kiswah who
share its heart are never fearful. You should relish the
battle and leap upon your prey with a throaty bellow;
the roar of the river at your back is nothing compared to
the thundering of your heart. Any moment you press
the attack, you possess the advantage, for few oppo-
nents expect their prey to possess teeth, much less turn
and fight with courage. They must and will falter. Then
they are yours.



We have created you from a male and a female, and
made you into nations and tribes, that you might get to know

one another

— The Koran, Surah: 49:13 [The Chambers]

By: Tarjiman220

How many labels do we ascribe to ourselves? Do we
use one cloth to sew together the sum of our identities,
ordo we more likely describe ourselves according to the
situation? I am Saudi to the American. lama son to my
parents and brother to my brother. I am a translator to
my employer. | am hunter to monsters and I follow the
Pillar of Salat, to those hunters who believe they under-
stand my obligations.

Perhaps I oversimplify matters. The truth of the
situation is that our identities are the product of
others' perceptions. We are friends to people we
never intended and enemies to others by virtue of
philosophy or even mere existence. This truth has a
dangerous aspect among kiswah who share a mixture
of ideologies, whether spiritual, analytical or politi-
cal. There is no escaping the fact that we cannot
make one friend without the counterbalance of cre-
ating one enemy. Perhaps worse, in this balance we
donot know who assumes the roles of our enemies or
even our allies. There are hunters who would see me
dead for writing these words and there are monsters
who might applaud my actions for their own reasons.
So what am I left with outside confusion and uncer-
tainty? I am left with a need to categorize everyone
into neat little parcels and create a universal method
of identification. 1 am left with doomed ambition, for
the hopes of uniting us under a common language

and terminology rely on the cooperation of everyone.
Iknow my enemies will never allow me that ideal out
of spite or pride.

Read these words and realize that each isa grain in
a handful of sand. However other contributors or I
identify our brethren or our agendas, we do so blind to.
any greater truths to our existence. These are our best
suppositions and they change with each situation and
each person. Some hunters are comfortable with West-
ermvheld beliefs and axioms, while others identify
themselves according to historical or cultural heritage
("Iam Lebanese," or "l am Jordanian though my father
was Palestinian"). Few people hold the same truths,
and if they do it is because of efforts such as this to
create a standard.

Tue Tunce Paris

Clemency, aspiration and fervor. These three words
impart far more significance than their dictionary mean-
ings. They seemingly encapsulate our varied beliefs
succinctly. I am not so naive as to believe that they are
the sole qualifiers of our lives, but they are the basis on
which we build our identities as kiswah. They resonate
with the truth of our being and our intended direction
in the cause. They are our core philosophies in how we
interpret the Koran, in our actions and in our conduct
—or so I hope.


Aspinavion

By: Hajira252

Some say we are prophets of the war, the Imams or
holy men of the cause. Islam has no priests, but it relies
upon Imams to perform prayers and to act as sages.
Kiswah often look to us to solve their dilemmas and
answer their questions because we are supposed to
possess insight. When we still their panicked hearts,
they hail us as holy and wise, but when we cannot
answer their questions, they cast us down as heretics and
false prophets.

Icannot tell you what those of aspiration do or know,
but I can tell you about myself. The future distracts me
and sets my sight so far ahead toward the horizon that I
often miss the sharp stones at my feet. Thoughts I barely
fathom plague my waking days, and dreams I have no
wish to share plague my fitful nights. For these troubles,
others call me a seer, a wise man and perhaps even holy
in my madness. Many hunters beg of my company andask
that I relate some mysterious truth. They buy me plane
and train tickets so I can grace them with some nugget of
wisdom. The truly lost seek me out and follow me around,
as though I am some messiah. One group of hunters
already wishes to kill me because they believe I invite this
"heresy," this adulation. I do not. "I am only a man!" |
scream to those kiswah who dote on my every word. They
whisper back, "So was Muhammad."

I can resist such temptation for only so long before I
too contemplate their words. And I am not alone in this
ordeal. I know of kiswah who succumb more readily to
such adulation. It is easy to offer advice when the answers
seem so obvious to us. Unfortunately, our eloquence is
inadequate to encompass what I believe is the truth.
Invariably, while trying to help others, we confuse those
questing souls who seek us out. Others of us hide this
shortcoming behind a mantle of enigma and mystery,
playing the cryptic wise man who wraps his answers in
riddles. In this fashion, we slowly lose our perspective to
the honeyed words of our followers. After all, the Middle
East spawned three major religions from the words of
three different humble men. Why not four religions or a
fourth prophet? Isn't this how all heresies begin?

Pursuing rHe JinaD

We face a two-fold enemy, the one outside our-
selves and the one inside ourselves. We may not covet
the role of mystic, wise man or Imam, but the fact
remains that we may be suited for the job. We may take
our duties lightly and merely act as guides for other
kiswah or we may be serious and blaze new ways where
none existed before. One seeks out those paths already
traveled while the other becomes the road itself. Both
are meritorious endeavors, but both carry grave risks for
ourselves and for those who would follow us. With the
former, we uncover already existing paths and allow
others to traverse those avenues with which they are
most comfortable. We may encourage and direct, but
we never force. This also means that with fewer ris

there are fewer rewards of significance. The latter, the
trailblazers, brave new directions in places where forests
of thorns and brambles wait, but both they and their
followers emerge stronger for the experience. But these
second kiswah can be too thorough and create in their
acolytes naught but sheep and lambs who follow blindly.
I've seen this happen too often in those who would call
themselves prophets and who would demand holy wars
against all "evil."
Que Arvivudes Toward OvnzRs

* Clemency — Like the wise Suliman (Solomon)
who led his army around an ant-hill rather than trample
the industrious and humble insects, those of clemency
remind us to look at our feet once in a while. Without
them, the distant trumpets would draw us forward and
we would forget for whom we fight and why. Now, if
only we could convince them to look up once ina while
and not protect every insect in their path.

© Fervor — Every nation needs its Saladin, a
warrior willing to forego personal peace for the security
of his people. Kiswah of this stock neither look forward
norat their feet. Their enemy encompasses the whole of
their vision and anything in between them and their
adversary is an obstacle. While this perspective is good
for fighting wars, it limits their awareness to the dangers
around them. Perhaps that is why they rely on us and
despise us in equal measure. We warn them of the
dangers of too narrow a vision, but that sometimes
means we become the obstacles.

Dancers oF Husris

Asaspired, it is easy for us to renounce the physical
world entirely and seek self-enlightenment. The call
grows stronger with experience and age and eventually
becomes too powerful to ignore. We are still young. |
know of only two kiswah whose perceptions and under-
standing soars above the clouds. While a soaring eagle's
vision encompasses the world along the breadth of its
horizons, few people can hear or understand its call.
Such are the aspired who soar above our understand-
ing, for they become too distant to hear or too foreign
for us to understand. Isolated by their perceptions,
these keen-eyed eagles eventually settle upon a remote
aerie and grow detached from their fellows, if not
humanity itself. They become the hermits and monks
of the desert, the Sufi mendicants and Dervishes ec-
static who exist in a hole of self-concern and
exploration. They become anchorites.

Ibelieve the greatest threat lies with those who refuse
to insulate themselves. They represent a danger borne
equally from the importance of religion in the Middle
East and from the beliefs of kiswah. I met one such aspired
in Tadmur who perceived matters so clearly that, to him,
his ideas seemed the absolute truth. There was no road
but his road. When he spoke to others, he shared his
beliefs with such force and vigor that others believed it
could only be reality (I nearly fell myself, until | remem-
bered my own truths and resisted his alluring tales). His


experiences as a Muslim and his knowledge of the Koran
provided him with ammunition to draw other faithful
men and women into his cult, as well. He believed
himself a new prophet sent to reinterpret the Surahs,
which he did freely. He endangered the cause by sharing
Brlcs of the jinn with fellaheen and threatened to bring the
thunder down upon his own head.

He is still at large, his influence in Tadmur grows
Pravit is near impossible to extricate him' withour
harming his naive followers. Eventually, the Syrian
government will notice his cult. When they try to
feniove him from power and encounter stiff resistance,
they will send in the tanks and bulldozers again. It is
therefore our responsibility to remove him before he
endangers the cause.

PitosorHicat GonFLICY

While I thank Allah for providing me witha virtuous
heart and strong morals to see me through these trying
times, I also know of some hunters whose beliefs collide
violently with the nature of their existence. Being as-
pired means suddenly understanding truthsnever believed
possible. The world becomes open to personal interpre-
tations and Allah presents Himself in the most unlikely
vessels. In short, this is not a world for the stubborn
hearted. Yet faith in Islam, Christianity or Judaism breeds
many people who believe a specific way — who think
they know the world. I have seen several such individuals
become kiswah. I have also seen a few stumble when the
world that God promised them in the Bible, Koran or
Torah was not the world they discovered.

The nascent Kharijites, for example, were a sect of
tadical Muslims who were absolute in their judgment.
Life existed in states of black and white for them, and
anyone who was nota true Muslim was the enemy. They
demanded virtue and prohibited evil. Acts were either
tighteous or taboo. The Koran was not open to interpre-
tation and only Allah sat as judge. While the Kharijite
movement is now a shadow of its historically violent
birth, the fanatics are inspiration for terrorist groups
such as Takfir wal Hijra in Egypt. They exist in a state of
absolute certainty.

It is not uncommon for someone of Kharijite-like
doctrines or beliefs to become aspired. Where they once
lived life in absolute terms, they suddenly discover a
myriad of truths exist. How they react to such realizations
differs, but their road is the most difficult of all kiswah.
Not only is their world different, but they can no longer
ignore what they see. There isno commonality with their
friends and loved ones, people who shared and partook of
their former philosophy. They are truly stranded and
isolated. Those who cannot handle their new sight blind
themselves with the same intensity as before. There is
power in self-delusion, and they throw themselves into
their old lives with abandon, becoming mindless avatars
of who they remember themselves to be. Their shame,
however, is a private war that eventually claims their
hearts. Something gives under the pressure, cracking

their resolve (whereupon they set out to explore them-
selves and the world) or their minds (which is when
someone puts them down like a mad dog)

Another lot, of whom I have met a couple, seem-
ingly lose their very identities. They search for guidance,
for someone to tell them what they see. If their former
world wasa lie, what do they believe now? "Perhaps this
is madness?" they say. "Perhaps Allah punishes me for
not having enough faith in Him." This kind easily falls
to manipulation and deceit at the hands of others
because they want to believe something. | know one
kiswah who works for the akhira because they provide
him with answers he wants to hear. Imagine an aspired
who doubts himself so greatly that he relies on others to
interpret his own sight.

GLemency

By: Hopel23

Clemency, mercy, forgiveness, compassion, char-
ity, humanity. I know of no better place where these
words are more sorely needed than in Israel and the
Middle East. I believe I possess these traits, and like
many kiswah struggle with far more than just the cause.
Iserve the "cause" beyond fighting and see the suffering
of humanity at its own hand. The Middle East is a series
of open wounds (some dating back centuries, others
spanning the history of religions) that refuse to heal
Actually, "refuse" implies the wounds never close. People
here won't let the injuries heal. They pick at and reopen
their grievances and feuds, deliberately hurting them-
selves because it is easier to hate than to forgive.

I look around me at the bomb threats, the gunfire,
the angry mobs; I see only my son. I don't want him to
experience this world, this hatred. I believe many hunt-
ers who follow the dictates of compassion feel the same.
They see their loved ones and their friends struggling,
trying to survive the rigors of old hatreds, repressive
regimes and the toil of daily life. We tire of the war and
therefore pursue the greater good, hoping to bridge the
misunderstandings between us and to protect human-
ity, one person at a time. This is difficult, because we
walk a thin line between sacrifice and suicide.

We recognize the world is in pain and is suffering
and we want to help. We must help, because nobody
else will. There is such a thing as feeling too much,
though, and I know we sometimes cross boundaries.
Some of us empathize with others' pain to the point of
feeling sick. I have even heard of some hunters who
manifest the wounds of other people. Still, if feeling
pain is the only way to understand someone else's
plight, I welcome this cursed intuition.

I believe we are the conscience of kiswah, a re-
minder of whom they fight for and why they fight. Most
kiswah think they must "prohibit" evil to complete their
duties, but I believe we must protect the helpless first
and foremost. To forget this is to forget one's own
frailties and condition. We keep our brethren and


sisters anchored to their own humanity, no matter how
empassioned they become. I guess we see ourselves as
the proverbial candle in the window, leading the lost
home, reminding them that someone still cares. We are
the bridges between so many extremes.
Pursuine rHe JinaD

Those of us who follow clemency are more than
simple protectors in the Middle East. We are engi
neers, building bridges of peace between different
factions. We serve as intermediaries for philosophical
misunderstanding, trying to settle the differences be-
tween hard-liners and moderates, Arabs and Israelis,
men and women, humanity and monsters. But this is
more a self-appointed title than our official designa-
tion. The Middle t proceeds upon millennia of
tradition and misconception, and few kiswah ask for
our intervention. Instead, they treat us like meddlers,
nuisances and, in some cases, traitors when we seek to
help monsters. But there can be no other way. We
cannot build peace for come and subjuzate others
Peace comes to everyone or no one. If we don't fight to
festore harmony for everyone, then whyde we bother?
The Middle East is already a powder keg because
countless nations enforce stability ata cost tosomeone's
freedom. These "achievements" prove hollow victo-
ries and the source of countless struggles.

Bearing this lesson in mind, many of us seek an
understanding with our so-called enemy. I believe the

a>

supernatural exists much the same as us. They love and
hate, venerate and fear many of the same issues that
humanity does. I believe them affected by fate and
circumstance. Despite what some hunters say, I truly
think they too are victims of this world's whims. Many
kiswah liken them to animals, but even animals love and
care for their mates and offspring. Who's to say the
supernatural are any different? Armed with this belief,
we strive and hope to convert the redeemable, knowing
there can be no war without enemies, no obstacles
without bridges

Que Arvirupes Towed Oriers

* Aspiration — For a group of kiswah so blessed
with insight and wisdom, | wonder how they can be
so blind. They talk like generals sometimes, speaking
in conjecture and theory, planning their moves so far
in advance that they often overlook the moment.
Their insights are invaluable, but I often think we
may lose them to their goals. We work hardest to keep
them grounded

¢ Fervor — In some ways, I think we understand
them more. While the aspired speak of causes in the
abstract, these warriors deal in the present and the
tangible. Unfortunately, we seek to act and they only
react. They lash out at the strange or at whatever hurts
them, never pondering or investigating the situation
fully. The Middle East's history is filled with the fervent
Look at what that's achieved.


Dancers oF Husris

I once met a hunter, a Muslim who nearly died
stopping a skirmish between Israelis and Arabs on the
West Bank. He moved among the mob, healing the
injured while ignoring the blows that rained upon him.
I believe he represents the danger of crossing the line
between sacrifice and suicide. This same hunter is now
bedridden, near death because he gives others his
strength to fight the rigors of their lives. The locals
believe him asaint and visit him constantly, asking him
toheal or strengthen them. He turns no one away, even
if he remains ill for helping them.

I've heard of another hunter who truly believes
herself a saint of monsters. She plays an apostolic role,
deliberately seeking out monsters to redeem them. In
presenting herself as divine, she manifests a "Holy Nim-
bus" (an ability I am familiar with), which keeps the
supernatural at bay. Few monsters can approach her with
the intent to harm her, though I hear she wields a
powerful flashlight whose beam burns like an open flame.
In both cases, these two hunters' intentionsare altruistic,
though their methods exceed even the extreme.

I've also heard of a third instance, however, in
which altruism doesn't apply. There is a hunter who so
thoroughly believes in the righteousness of his cause
that he thinks others are capable of the same sacrifices.
Ifhe is willing to sacrifice himself in suicide attacks, he
believes others should follow him willingly. He never
warns his victims of their noble sacrifice, though. Upon
finding a victim of supernatural malice, he booby-traps
the person's home or car and destroys monster and
victim in the same stroke. He supposedly justifies his
actions by claiming that victims would have willingly
martyred themselves if they were truly put to the test.
Puitosopaical Goxuicr

One religious sect whose members are present
throughout both Israel and the Arab world is the secre-
tive Druze. While considered heretical by both Shiite
and Sunni, this group follows Islam and maintains
puritanical practices. It does not demand the Islamic
Pilgrimage or Fasting outside its communities, how-
ever, because other Arabs distrust the Druze. Essentially,
they practice the Tagiyya to protect their faith when
living outside their communities. They are also the only
"Muslims" allowed to serve in the Israeli Army. They
believe in reincarnation, are "xenophobic" (they don't
accept converts) and always supposedly speak the truth
among their people.

Ihave met a Druze hunter who operates within her
community. She must keep her activities secret. Her
community requires solidarity with little outside con-
tact, but her very actions as a hunter require her to rely
on outsiders. She must even cooperate with others who
would consider her a heretic if they knew the truth
about her religion.

Anna (not her real name) lives with too many
secrets. She hides her nature as a hunter from her

community. She hides her religion from other Muslims.
She lies to almost everyone she knows, except to two
others and myself. She understands her duties as kiswah,
but she acts with a hundred hesitations. She knows she
might die, but if anyone discovered any of her secrets,
she could lose her community's support, which is a very
important facet of Middle Eastern society. How does
she handle abandoning every precept she holds dear in
the name of the calling? I have no answers for her, for
1 often wonder what would happen if I lost the love of
my husband or son. I can't conceive such los

Many like Anna who believe in clemency but are
limited by their environment often remain within their
communities, protecting them as muchas possible. This
is understandable, but dangerous because they live
between worlds, partaking of neither. Anna cannot
support or receive the support of other hunters, because
her community prohibits contact with others or be-
cause she's afraid someone will eventually uncover her
secret. She is no longer part of her own sect either, for
her actions and very nature set her apart. | mourn
hunters from the many different sects, such as the
Druze, Yezidis, Bahai and our own Ethiopian Jews.
Their beliefs or languages frighten enough ignorant
people to ostracize these individuals. Many such hunt-
ers remain isolated and die terrible, lonely deaths.
Fervor

By: Fatwa243

We're at war. "How do I know?" some hunters ask
me in an attempt to draw me into some argument of
circular reasoning. That's when I raise a smoldering
wooden club and smash large stones or building blocks
and reply, "Allah didn't give me this gift to make more
sand." Powers like that tell me what I have to do, and
what other kiswah say we fervent are good at doing.

We're the most effective hunters and the most
outspoken advocates for the Jihad of the Sword. Maybe
that's because we don't stand around debating our
nature. Maybe that's because we leave the questions to
Allah and serve Him with the tools He gave us. The
fervent know there's a war out there, and we know we
must act now if we're going to win. I don't doubt that
some monsters are "good" or righteous, or that we have
to protect the fellaheen, but many kiswah use these
arguments to forestall the inevitable. Actually, I think
they dawdle in the hopes that we will perform their dirty
deeds for them. Whatever does the job.

Being fervent doesn't mean being stupid. It just
means we're willing to make the necessary sacrifices to
fulfill the cause. We don't charge into battle because we
can't think of anything better to do. We do it because
it's often the last thing these smug bastards expect from
humans. The others debate the nature of monsters, but
we're the ones who judge them and determine who's
good or evil, one akhira at a time. The others talk about
protecting the fellaheen when we're the ones standing


between the ins and the bloodsuckers. They talk about
the cause, but we're the ones fighting it. Being fervent
has nothing to do with mindless action and everything
to do with being the hunter willing to stand in harm's
way. We aren't afraid of getting our hands dirty or
bloodying our noses. It's a fact of our existence.

Pursuing rHe JIHAD

We are the warriors of Jihad al-sayf, or Jihad of the
Sword. We're probably the most diverse of kiswah,
running the gamut from full-fledged warriors to media-
tors to protectors. Many of us believed in a cause and
stood by our principles before theal-Ghariyyan, so we're
not inexperienced when it comes to confrontation. The
main problem is that many of us refuse to abandon old
habits. Having principles and beliefs is fine, but when
your politics tell you to slay infidel foreigners with your
potent abilities, we have a problem. I despise the Zion-
ists and won't lift a finger to save an Israeli in uniform.
If I see a defenseless Jew fellaheen being stalked or
hunted, however, I will save them. Let the governments
rot. I'm here to save lives.

The ferventalso bear the task of policing each other
when we can, because some fanatics pride themselves
on hurting foreigners or minorities. Thanks to Tarjiman
anda few others, the fervent play UN to our own people
in unofficial roles as was'its (mediators) and mujahidin
(Allah's warriors). These are unofficial titles, but we try
to force other hunters to respect these positions as
legitimate. I can't say it's entirely successful. Old ha-
treds die hard and many kiswah don't support these
groups, but we're gaining enough supporters that it will
hopefully be worthwhile in the end.

Que Arvirupes Toward Orners

© Aspiration — I think the word "aspired"
all. It means they hope to accomplish something with-
out actually making concrete strides toward it. It's like
the dreamer who tells you what he plans to do, but who
never actually does it. Talking about it apparently
makes him feel like he's accomplished something. It's
easy to fall into that trap with Arabs. The more eloquent
the speaker, the likelier people believe his words to be
true. Some of these fools become prophets for kiswah
who fall for their rousing speeches of a better tomorrow.
That's when the cause truly suffers. Don't get me wrong,
a properly motivated leader can take armies to victory
or men to revelation. Most, however, don't.

¢ Clemency —I'm tired of their incessant nagging
and complaining about settling matters peacefully or
saving the supernatural. I'll admit, maybe there is
reconciliation for us in the future, but right now we
have to grabakhira attention. If these creatures wanted
to coexist, there would be no need for hunters. Yet,
here we are. So, we fight and listen to our brethren's
hypocritical sermons. They ask us to meet them half-
way in the cause, but I don't see them budging. When
they're willing to stand on the battle lines with us,
maybe I'll consider their words.

Dancers oF Husris

Some hunters embrace the cause, becoming its self-
appointed and supreme wardens. The results of this
psychotic path vary greatly, but none are worthy from
everything I've heard or seen. Fervent hunters at their
extreme are a terribly violent lot. One, who we recently
killed, waged the war regardless of cost to the fellaheen
or even to other hunters. All that mattered to him was
the continuation of the struggle, the bloody sword of the
Jihad, whether it meant bombing a building to destroy
‘an akhira nest ot murdering anyone who came in con
tact with the supernatural.

Another kiswah who I've heard of survives in Amman
and deems himself magistrate of his own kind. He oversees

Powieine Ornsr HuxreRs

By: Fatwa243

The Middle East has longstanding traditions of
using arbiters or mediators to solve disputes. It
allows both sides to save face during negotiations
and to retreat from a conflict without appearing.
weak. It's also probably why American negotiators
fail so badly at settling conflicts in our part of the
world. Tarjiman, with the help of a few supporters,
has sponsored the role of was'its to help "police" our
own kind and stop internecine fighting from break-
ing out. These arbiters adjudicate questions of
conflict within the kiswah community, helping bridge
the gaps between opposing philosophies.

When someone steps out of line, another group
of hunters called mujahidin goes in and prohibits evil
("evil" including harming fellaheen, exposing the
cause unnecessarily and hunting other hunters with-
out a legitimate reason).

The problem with this approach to solving our
differences, and the reason why many kiswah don't
recognize was'its and mujahidin, is that they don't
believe anyone has aright to police or monitor their
activities. No one ever thinks himself a villain. We
all have legitimate reasons or grievances for our
actions, whether other hunters agree or not.

As much as I'd like to give Tarjiman credit for
the idea of creating these two roles, he isn't the first
kiswah to encourage them. The same tightly knit
groups that complain about our methods of policing
also practice self-enforcement rigorously. Out of all
the factions, I'd say Tarjiman's was' its and mujahidin
are the fairest. This doesn't mean they're the only.
hunters handing out their brand of justice. Some
kiswah belonging to Hamas have no problems kill-
ing Israeli settlers or dealing with Palestinian traitors.
The same applies for Kurd hunters operating in Iraq
and Turkey, and Zionist hunters living in besieged
kibbutzes. The Middle East is so torn apart that
everyone polices everyone else, sometimes for the
wrong reasons.


other hunters and kills those whom he believes commit
the slightest infractions. We can't reach this madman due
to the blanket of shadows that smothers the Jordanian
countryside. This is not the only situation in which a
kiswah has become an avenging angel. I hear that some
hunters in Afghanistan and Iran fight a deadly fervent
imbued who follows ultra-orthodox beliefs. He kills for-
eigners, improper women and those of Bahai faith because
they are "enemies" of Islam. The trouble I see is that some
hunters who call themselves fervent also believe them:
selves protectors of their own. They forget that everyone
deserves refuge, not just "their people." The more dedi-
cated they become to the cause, the more narrow-minded
they become. Itisn'ta large step from disdaining one group
oranother to treating them like an enemy

PuiLosorHicnt GoxFLicy
Saladin was perhaps our greatest general, but the
man had a wicked streak. He used to round up pacifist
Sufis, give them blades and force them to fight under
threat of death. | heard he used to howl in laughter
watching these mendicants and philosophers try to
wield swords or hurt one another. Sounds pretty funny
to me, too, actually, but it's an interesting example of
how certain people aren't cut out for their roles. Sufis
shy away from material goods and conflict. They seek to
transcend the temporal world through spiritual purity.
They're the last candidates anyone wants as kiswah,
much less as fervent warriors whose very nature di
mands their participation in the jihad.

I've spoken with a couple of fervent Sufis who acted
more like the aspired than warriors. They sit around debat-
ing if Allah tests them or wonder if thisisfate's cruelestjoke?
I have no answers for them, but I do believe that being
fervent doesn't mean you embrace violent ideals. As the
name implies, being one of us says you are dedicated to
whatever cause you pursue, in which case it makes perfect
sense that some Sufis, Bahai or simple pacifists join us.

The other option is that these particular hunters deny
their natural warrior instincts because the senses frighten
them. Either way, it'sa problem when they can'taccept who
theyare. Many of them retreat into meditation or seclusion,
believing Allah tests them or hoping abstinence will help
them control their passion. It's a dangerous course, because
these lost souls can easily become our enemies. If they think
they've been offered temptation to resist it, how do they sec
us, who embrace what we are? Do they think we've surren-
dered to our vices? Once they believe we're evil, how long
will it be before they decide they've been given their gifts to
fight us? We already encounter some kiswah who follow
something called the Mosque of Webs, and others who
follow false prophets. How many of them were initially like
Sufis, denying their existence, believing it all a test?

Tue Bano oF Forry

By: Tarjiman220

We Arabs are social creatures. We love speaking
and recounting tales, haggling, debating and interact-

CHAPTER 4: BROTHERS BY VIRTUE

ing with our peers. There is community in our interac-
tions, religion, artwork and even in our worship. We
pray together, in public and without shame, and part of
our supplication is to shake hands with the person
seated next to us. We are of the ummah, a universal
community of Muslims. Our unity lies in the words of
Allah and the holy language Arabic. This was not
always so, however.

Once, the spoken word provided the root of culture
and transmission of the Koran. By the 20th Century, the
Middle East consisted of scattered island nations iso-
lated by colonial rivalries between the English, Turks
and French. European languages acted as the tongues of
states. Regional Arabic dialects were nearly incompre-
hensible to their very neighbors. Our sole commonality
was Islam. Radio and newspaper breached the colonial
borders better than any army could by transmitting the
language of the Koran, Arabic, so that all listeners
would understand the news. Arabic became the com-
mon voice of the Middle East, with remnants of European
argot and regional dialects helping paint an odd linguis-
tic mosaic. The result was Arab people united through
language, religion (somewhat) and a common history
born of Islam's Golden Age and colonial domination.

This legacy of experiences shared through faith and
language unites Arabs and brings us closer together. We
have a common imperative to belong to something
greater than ourselves, whether it is family, community
orreligion. The same applies to kiswah all of whom have
a mutual experience through al-Ghariyyan, but who
lack acommon history to fuel their purpose or to impart
pride. We therefore seek to create a common heritage
that brings us together: The Band of Forty.

Itis tradition here that any number verging on "many"
becomes forty. The flood that lasted forty days and nights,
Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves, the band of forty who took
Riyadh from the Rashidi governor. A\ll these tales mean to
say "plentiful" or "too many to bother counting." We
kiswah therefore gather within what we call the Band of
Forty. That number signifies a sense of history and legacy,
connecting us to countless ancestors and predecessors we
have yet to uncoverand know. It speaks ofall the allies and
friends who will join us in our future journeys and those
we've lost along the way. It signifies that we hold no
specific nationalities, colors or experiences within our
gathering of confederates, justa loyalty to one anotherand
the commitment to work toward a common goal.

The Band of Forty is our best hope for a unity that
has yet to exist among us, a day when all kiswah will
belong to a single body. Know that any foreigners or
women who encounter the Band of Forty have nothing
to fear from our membership. We allow all to participate
on the basis of our common struggle. Joining our com-
munity also entails that you leave old rivalries, political
enmities and even misconceptions behind. Within the
Band of Forty, there are no women, Jews, Arabs, Filipi-
nos or Westerners. There are only kiswah.

Cross-Boundary Grours

The Band of Forty is our hope to unify all kiswah
under a common banner, but we face many obstacles.
Some are facts of geography or politics while others are
matters of language or tradition. The great conference,
for example, proved that simply reaching any common
ground requires much work, but it also inspired the
formation of the Band of Forty. With the support of many
kiswah, including the chroniclers of this document, we
now boast small network of hunters. Perhaps we are not
more numerous because of the following issues.

Issuzs oF LANGUAGE

Arabic is widely spoken throughout the Middle
East and is so prevalent that many hunters in countries
with different state tongues such as Israel (Hebrew),
Turkey (Turkish) and Iran (Farsi) speak it as well. A
language barrier still arises, though, because the Band of
Forty welcomes all into its ranks, including European
expatriates, diverse Iraqi and Iranian tribesman of
Kurdish and Turkic stock, and Asian workers who don't
understand a word of Arabic. Where Arabic fails, edu-
cated Arabs speak English and French, thus bridging the
gaps further. Still, many expatriates are reticent to join
us, indicating that the barrier of language is deeply
rooted in other fears.

North Americans and Europeans face animosity
here on several levels, the first of which reaches back to
the colonial years. Westerners were the Middle East's
more recent invaders (albeit 50 years ago) and some
Arabs begrudge them this fact. Others blame Western
civilization for the moral decay of the Islamic people, or
they believe foreigners are resource predators and would
prefer to see them barred from the Middle East or even
killed. While the Band of Forty tries to rise above such
pettiness, the fact remains that Western expatriates
believe we still bear such grudges. I cannot blame them,
especially with the Beirut kidnappings in the ‘80s and
‘90s, Osama bin Laden's terrorist attempts to drive
Westerners from Saudi Arabia, and the recent fanati-
cism in Egypt. Westerners fear us and the language gap
does nothing to alleviate their concerns. So, they stick
to their communities and protect other Westerners,
leaving Wildcatter and Globetrotter to play intermedi-
ary on our behalf.

The opposite problem holds true for Asiatic hunt-
ers. There are some hunters from the Philippines and
India in the Middle East. These two countries alone
provide the region — especially Saudi Arabia, Bahrain
and Kuwait — with a huge domestic work force, creat-
ing near-invisible ghettoes of Filipinos and Indians.
These hunters are virtually blessed by their relative
anonymity within Arab society, allowing them to move
where American and European hunters cannot. They
work in hospitals, power stations, drilling facilities,
homes and anywhere else that needs affordable man-
power. Because of their "low-status" treatment at the
hands of Arabs, these people remain within their own


communities, protecting their own kind from super-
natural threats. Actually, I understand their reasoning
in this matter. Many support their entire families back
home and cannot afford to lose their well-paying jobs
(and often state-paid apartments). They are replace-
able, thanks to the many seeking work visas, so they
work hard in the day and try to ignore what they see
around them. At night, they return to their communi-
ties where they feel welcome and uninhibited. It's only
natural that they would protect their own people in-
stead of helping Arabs who mistreat or ignore them

Issues of RELIGION

Many Arabs can accept Christians, Zoroastrians and
even Jews among them on the basis that we are all people
of the book. The problem with religious barriers does not
always stem from these faiths, though, but from Islamic
heresies that many Muslims grew up hating. I find myself
embarrassed by this admission, but the more I tried to
learn of the "heretical" beliefs, the more | realized how
little I understood them. In my ignorance, I was willing
to call them enemy. Now, in my greater ignorance, I
realize | have no right to call them such. Over the
centuries, the struggle to create a centralized and legiti-
mate line of succession for the leader of the Islamic
people did more to fracture our religion than heal it. The
Shiite alone split into Zaydi, Ismaili and Imami. The
Ismailis, in turn, formed such groups as the infamous

sassins of the Crusades and the Lebanese Druze.

For one reason or another, Islam does not condone
movements like the Druze, Yezidis, Bahai or even the
Sufi. The Sunni distrust the Druze for their supreme
secrecy and because of their practice of hiding within the
Sunni community. The Druze are also the only "Mus-
lims" required to serve in the Israeli military, adding to
our further distrust of them. Yezidis, in turn, are often
mistakenly called demon worshippers for their refusal to
accept certain Shiite laws. The Bahai, formed from the
Babism movement in 19th Century, are widely con-
demned and persecuted in Iran because they claimed that
a successor of their founder Mirza Husayn Ali would be
"He Whom God Shall Manifest" (they also advocate the
merging of all religions). Sufism, in turn, seeks physical
transcendence and advocates becoming one with Allah,
which flies in the face of many Islamic beliefs.

Uponal-Ghariyyan, many kiswah condone these so-
called heresies, because they have greater concerns now
or because they understand what true apostasies mean
Many of us realize that if these splinter faiths were truly
evil, they would be affected by all our abilities (I know
kiswah who have tried to brand these fellaheen or hold
them at bay with their light, for example). And yet,
others who espouse more fanatical viewpoints still hunt

e fellaheen acolytes down, believing them the en-

. We've tried stopping such abusers, but eventually
discovered that the Druze in Israel and Lebanon, the
Bahai hidden throughout Iran and the Yezidis who are
strongest in Yemen all have their own hunters to


protect them. Indeed, the treatment of the fanatics by
equally determined Muslims only fosters an environ-
ment of distrust. Many kiswah belonging to heresies do
not trust us or seek vengeance against all Muslims for
their people's suffering. This leads to greater friction
and further distrust within the Band of Forty and with
kiswah whom we would have join us.

ResraicreD REGIOKS

The Middle East is a network of political and social
borders, forcing most kiswah into regional groups of like-
minded individuals. The Band of Forty hopes to
transcend these boundaries, but reality often kills hope.
Our only tools for bypassing various borders are kufic
script and the Internet, but they still limit the spirit of
our cause. How can we rush to the aid of an ally when
Iraq does not readily allow citizens from Saudi Arabia,
Kuwait or Iran to cross her borders. Or when Israelis are
not welcome in many Arab countries. Or when Arab
travelers in Israel are supervised carefully?

Dozens of limitations impede our hopes, thanks to
the tensions that bind the Middle East so tightly.

Arvirupes Toward Wonen

By: Globetrotter

Personally, I'm glad I wasn't a hunter 10 years ago or
even earlier when reforms were almost nonexistent.
While the Middle East's attitudes toward women im-
prove slowly (almost crawling in some places), there's a
fundamental shift among some groups for more radical
change. The Iraqi-based Mujahidin Khalq Organization
(MKO) maintainsa35%-female membership, and women
comprise 75% of its chief officers, including its leader
Maryam Rajavi. The Kurdistan Free Women's Union
(YAJK) and the liberation army/drug barons of the PPK
both rely on female suicide bombers to fight fora Kurdish
homeland. Not even Israel discriminates on the basis of
gender (or sexual orientation) in its standing military.

All this obviously flies in the face of the traditional
Islamic notion of ird, or sexual honor, which established
the precept that a man's job was to protect a woman's
honor and a woman's job was to safeguard her own virtue.
While fundamentalist sectors of Islam desperately try to
preserve this tradition, the wider Middle East struggles to
join the rest of the world in the 21st Century. Thanks to
pressure from Western society and the realization that it
cannot remain isolated in an age of global economies, the
Arab region is changing faster than fundamentalists
would prefer. Satellite-television and the Internet pipe in
equality 24-7, while more families send their daughters
abroad to study in the respectable universities of liberal
Lebanon, Europe, Australia and America. Many women
return with degrees, a taste for freedom and the self-
confidence to stand up for their rights.

At the forefront of the fight against emancipation is
Saudi Arabia and Iran. While Iran improves slowly,
Saudi Arabia enforces segregation in public places and
even prohibits women from driving. That's bound to

change, though, given the impending threat of oil short-
ages when OPEC's coffers run dry and the Arabs can no
longer dictate policy. Many Arab nations are trying to
advance themselves and change their economies, if only
because they fear becoming Third-World countries. By
improving conditions for women now, they have a better
chance of appealing to Western investors.

Even if certain parts of the world don't change, the
same doesn't hold true for hunters. The imbuing isa life-
altering experience. While hunters can retain old
prejudices and outlooks, necessity can demand that
they be relinquished. Many kiswah quickly accept women
in their ranks when they see us hold our own in a fight.
In fact, Bedu tradition says women command mysteri-
ous powers, lending credence to our presence in the
struggle as both warriors and wise-women. Whatever
misconceptions most male hunters have before the
imbuing generally vanish and may turn into mutual
respect afterward. Women like Hope 123, Yammah Selma
and countless pioneers are to thank for this growth.

Henna Tarroos

As I've mentioned, the Bedouin believe that only
women can tell magical tales without incurring the wrath
of the supernatural, because they possess "powers." Nor-
mally, I'd dismiss this as drivel or superstitious nonsense,
but the fact is there may be some truth to the belief. Islamic
culture's differences between men and women are so acute
that the two sometimes exist as separate societies. I've
heard that in places like Saudi Arabia or among Bedouins,
some female hunters reputedly bear or manifest abilities
that are unique from their male counterparts'.

One such tale that I've heard deals with henna
tattoos. Arab women have worn the intricate designs
for centuries, painting their hands and foreheads with
red henna and black kohl. Since Islam required women
to cover themselves from head to foot, chained jewelry
and henna were the only ways they could express
individuality or "beautify" themselves. Seemingly as
result, female kiswah raised in this restricted environ-
ment are able to manifest their gifts through their
jewelry and tattoos in a myriad of startling fashions.

I visited with the venerable Yammah Selma, the
Bedouin sheikha, or wise-woman, who trains female
hunters. I witnessed what no man is ever allowed to see.
Yammah Selma's best students showed me a stunning
array of tricks. One caused her almost gauntlet-like kaff
(a collection of chains, bells and rings that cover the
back of the hand) to erupt in flame. She broke steel with
her hand. Another used her kirdala (a choker with a row
of weighted pendants) like a flail, ripping through taut
cloth with the toss of her head. Others caused their
henna tattoos to explode into blinding light or to bum
like fire. They also claimed they could transfer their
henna tattoos to enemies by touch, allowing them to
track beasts to their lairs or to deny the creatures their
powers. I cannot confitm if this last claim is true or not,
but it seems amazing.


Anno vo War

By: al-Amin

Thear many kiswah claim that the end to our efforts
will coincide with the end of the world. The signs are all
around us in whatever faith you profess, they say. This
battle is the final war, when we, as God's servants, reap
the risen dead and prepare for judgment. I do not
believe this. | do not believe God gave me the tools to
help change the world knowing it would make no
difference in the end. We must be here to change
something. We must be here to help right the world.
Nobody fights the jihad believing they cannot win or
that there is no goal worth achieving.

Indeed, I hear others talk about the sacrifices they're
willing to make, including suicide bombings in the
name of the cause. For many Arabs, this struggle isn't
simply against the supernatural. This is their "ticket"
into Paradise, a chance to prove their worth to Allah. I
foresee two dangers on this path. The first is that each
kiswah's death robs us of another teacher or perhaps
some insight into our existence. Needless suicide only
diminishes our resources in this cause, and for what? I've
never seen the supernatural gather in some large enter-
prise or at least in great enough numbers to justify such
suicidal action. They almost appear as scattered and lost
as we are, so at best we sacrifice one chess piece for one
of theirs. This is madness.

The second danger with absolute commitment is
that many kiswah realize the supernatural exists across
the world. Wiping out or defeating the akhira here may
draw in more from elsewhere. The struggle might have
tobea coordinated labor. Hence, such efforts as hunter-
net and the Band of Forty.

Some fanatic kiswah, however, wish to take this
war a step further and launch their suicide tactics
worldwide. They claim that hunters of other nations
are not as resolved in dying the "righteous death" as
they are, so they plan to show by example. They
eagerly speak of visiting other countries — especially
North America — and continuing the war by draw-
ing fellaheen terrorists into the fray and creating
suicide bombers to attack monsters. I fear what their
actions may do to East-West relations, my friends. I
fear because I've heard some Middle Eastern hunters
are already in North America, ready to fight the war
their way, regardless of the cost.

AsPiRAY ION

By: Hajira252

Tam an Arab and a Muslim. | wear these titles as
proudly as a general bears his medals. But even I recog-
nize that the Arab world cannot win this struggle alone.
Our war is international, not simply limited to our
region. Were any of us to fight alone, we would scatter
ourselves unnecessarily and lose through attrition. By
uniting together, we occupy the enemy on multiple

CHAPT

fronts and stop him from ever concentrating in. one part
of the world.

I willalso share with youa truth I hold dear, a truth
that changed my heart. Before al-Ghariyyan, I hated
Westerners with a spiteful passion, believing myself
superior. Then, upon becomingkiswah, Allah revealed
a truth to me. He showed me the world, draped in its
simplest blues and curled whites. That's all 1 saw.
That's all I needed to see. Afterward, | realized that
each continent, each culture must hold some vital
clue to our origin and purpose. After all, we Arabs
possess a unique thing in our kufic script, a language
unlike any other (and not surprising given our passion
for words), while Westerners bear the spirit of revolu-
tion, the ceaseless energy to uphold what you call
"inalienable" rights.

Perhaps Allah scattered His wisdom in many people
to force us to work together and understand one an-
other. Perhaps we seek clues still hidden across Australia,
Asia, Europe and South America. Scoff if you will, but
1 believed in this enough to visit the Temple of Lord
Shiva in Oman. It is the only recognized temple in the
Middle East I know of that belongs to a polytheistic
faith. I spoke toa Brahmin kiswah who claimed hunters
were avatars of the Vedic gods and that each hunter
bore the potential to become aspired, fervent and for-
giving, depending on the situation. He then seemed to
manifest multiple illusory, glowing arms like his Lord
Shiva. Is this hunter's lesson another we have yet to
learn, but dismiss because Asian worship is different
from ours? Is it the Nightly Visitants who withhold their
secrets from us or is it our own ignorance?

I still believe in Allah, but I also believe He speaks
in different voices and in different tongues. We should
learn to hear themall. Perhaps then we can hope to win.

Ctemeney

By: Jibril

The others speak of war, but I see no victory in
death. Nor do I believe that destroying monsters is the
answer. By virtue of logic, we can no more eradicate
them than they can us. Our history is proof that the
wholesale genocide of a race or ethnic group eventually
fails — and for good reason. Aside from such an effort
being inherently wrong, the universe establishes enough
checks and balances to prevent such things from hap-
pening often (not always, but enough times). If God
meant for us to be holocaust-mongers, he would have
given us the tools for wholesale slaughter. Instead, our
powers are surgical at best and not entirely destructive.

I take my lessons from Islam's Golden Age, when
Damascus and Baghdad served as seats of learning. Back
then, we collected knowledge from across the known
world, including India's advanced understanding of
astrology, Greece's mathematics, Rome's architecture,
China's papermaking and Egypt's chemistry. We intro-
duced new fruits and vegetables into the European diet

aS


and employed revolutionary surgical techniques while
stressing the need for cleanliness. We discovered a
treatment for the bubonic plague. We even treated
insanity compassionately and as a disease, not as an
indication of possession.

1 often wonder if we're actually doctors tasked with
healing humanity, as Arabs were in our bygone days?
We could misinterpret the scalpel as a weapon, not a
tool of healing. What if we're humanity's physicians or
some complex system of antibodies? Regardless, the
duty falls to us to diagnose the world's symptoms and
understand the disease, much as Islam's physicians
advanced the comprehension of medicine in their time.
This doesn't mean killing or converting monsters, but
healing them. Simply wiping the supernatural out serves
no purpose and brings us no closer to the truth. Under-
standing the akhira and why certain portions of them are
malignant, while other aspects are seemingly benign is
crucial to surviving and thriving. It's the key to coexist-
ing and learning. That's why we can win this struggle
only by grasping the nature of our so-called adversaries
and exploring that nature. When it's evident that
"treatment" or alliances are out of the question, we can
rely on our surgical tools to excise the bad in the hopes
it makes the patient stronger.

Ferveny

By: Abu Qutayba

Ido not question the existence of the jinn any more
than I dare demand Allah to explain His actions. They
exist and I will not deny them this right as long as they
uphold their integrity as pious Muslims. The fervent, as
some refer to other warriors and myself, can believe in
the struggle to prohibit evil in all its forms. We also
recognize this is a never-ending struggle. | know of no
warrior who fights believing he can end all wars, or no
doctor who works to end all illnesses. We may hope for
such dreams eventually, but it will not occur in our own
lifetimes. We fight and struggle to ensure our children
grow strong and virtuous through our efforts. We fight
and struggle in the hope that they will take our place
when the time comes. We also fight and struggle to earn
our place in Paradise. After all, it is Allah, not us, who
ultimately deals with sinners. We should merely protect
the fellaheen and stop the wicked.

Our extended struggle does give me cause for worry,
though. I fear the "Lebanon languor"; a protracted war
might lead to complacency in the same way some

Lebanese seem to ignore theit predicament, like sheep.
[fear our society will eventually accept the presence of
beasts and grow soft in the fight. That is why I recite
Surahs from the Koran with my children every day, in
the hopes that their duties to Allah will keep them
keen-eyed and strong. Where others falter, the alert will
lead by action and example. There is no other way

THEEN Times

By: Tarjiman220

Iv is said that a soldier's very purpose is to ultimately
destroy a need for his own existence. In all likelihood,
when we win, it will mark the End Times when Allah
judges the guilty and rewards the good. I fight to help, but
Ithink L also hope to improve my standing in the afterlife.

What awaits us in the final accounting? I know |
fight believing it is for the greater good and that |
secured my place in Paradise. But my all-too-human
heart and questioning soul wonder if I'm wrong. An
ancient writer, Omar Khayyam, shocked, thrilled and
eventually changed society's views with his poems.
Unlike others who derived their inspiration from the
greatness or beneficence of Allah, Khayyam questioned
life's seeming futility, the joys of hedonism and the bliss
of existing for the moment. He believed we are worse off
than embers flickering at the edge of a campfire, for we
were aware that we were dying. It is funny that his
words, not the Koran's, come to mind now. Perhaps itis
because someone once said something about "the
unexamined life." Omar, in turn, once penned of God:

But helpless pieces of the Game He play.

Upon this checkerboard of Nights and Days.

Hither and Tither moves and checks and slays,

And one by one back in the closet lays

Ifunderstanding Allah is so far beyond our capacity
to reason that we must obey and not question, I often
wonder if the answers that await us are terrifying in the
reckoning. What if we are pieces in a majestic chess
game, no more important than our roles as pawns, rooks
or knights? If Allah knows all, does He not shape the
course of things to come? Are we therefore important to
himas individuals or as pieces? The questions terrify me
enough to stop asking. Faith, after all, is not knowing. If
this ignorance is the truth, then we humble men and
women are Allah's most pious servants.

Salaam a'laykuum. May you bring the thunder,
my friends.




Recite In the name of your Lord who created ~ created

man from clots of blood.

Recite! Your Lord is the Most Bountiful One, who by
the pen taught man what he did not know.
— The Koran, Surah: 96:1 [Clots of Blood]

As far as the imbued know, they are an interna-
tional phenomenon. At least, contact has been made
among the chosen from across the world, thanks for the
most part to the Internet and web sites such as hunter-
net. Rather than inspire solidarity and draw common
lines, however, communication among such widespread
people has quickly led to a pervasive confusion about
exactly who and what hunters are and what they're
supposed to do in the world. All have different perspec-
tives on their origins and intentions. All have different
ideas about how to deal with monsters. And, most
perplexing, the world's imbued claim to demonstrate a
wide range of bizarre and inexplicable capabilities, even
among those whose outlooks on and beliefs in the hunt
the run similarly.

The rainbow of interpretations and manifestations
ofthe calling would seem to be based on each individual
and what he brings to the mission. All imbued had lives,
faiths and lifestyles before. Now that they've been
changed and offered no instruction on what to do or
what to be, all they can do is draw from their past
experiences and value systems for guidance. The result
isa different answer to the call for almost every culture,
country and religion to which people belong. And
given different worldwide understanding and even uses
of some seemingly familiar powers, it would appear that
the Heralds adapt their gifts to each recipient's talents

and awareness rather than force one agenda and set of
tools on all of the chosen.

Thus far, Hunter has addressed a general perspec-
tive on the mission, on the edges that the imbued
display and on the ways hunters interpret their mission.
The game's sourcebooks have illustrated a common
denominator of how the hunt is carried out across the
world. Yet those same books have alluded to cultural
and regional differences in the calling, whether in ways
to use powers or in the appearance of otherwise un-
known capabilities. This chapter details the unique
rules behind the hunt as carried out in the Middle East.

Bring Kiswan

Your character, as one of the kiswah, is in many
ways similar to a Western hunter. Both have caught a
glimpse of the real world around them, the one most
people don't know about or don't want to know about.
They both have goals and aspirations and both are
forever changed by the calling. The game's "normal
people" theme applies just as well in a Middle Eastern
setting as it does anywhere else in the world. Most
characters are street vendors, students or waiters, not
special military operatives or "Arabian Night" war-
riors. They are real people caught up ina struggle that
they do not fully understand.


A Hunter game set in the Middle East does have
a flavor all its own, though. Most Arab countries are
described as "developing," a euphemism for the Third
World. Computers exist and are in broad use by com-
panies and schools, but few people own them. Many
own cars, especially in large cities, but people often
prefer to walk rather than drive simply because they
were brought up that way. Family values are much
stronger than those of the West. Children often live
with their parents until marriage, and may not move
far even then. Families stay close, both geographically
and emotionally, and most people can trace out their
family trees to cousins several steps removed. Political
correctness has not run rampant as it has in the West.
Racism and sexism are common, though many men see
themselves as women's protectors.

In this unique society, a variety of hunters have
sprung up to hold back the night. Some allow their
vigor to guide them, while others envision a better
future. Still others walk the path of peace. The
personalities and character types found here are as
varied as those that populate the West. Kiswah may
seek to attack, protect, destroy or aid on the hunt
according to their personal views on the calling and
on the world in general.

This chapter contains new rules for running a game
with Middle Eastern hunters. It includes hints on play-
ing a character from what may be a very different
culture, it offers modifications to the character-creation
process that help you design people who are true to the
region, and it provides a description of the unique
Middle Eastern hunter code. This chapter helps you
introduce your Western characters to the Middle East-
ern world, transport your kiswah to the West, or to play
ina chronicle based on Middle Eastern hunters in their
native land.

Roteriaving KiswaH

Roleplaying is a predominantly Western pastime.
For the most part, it's enjoyed by middle- to upper-class
young men. We comprise a specific world demographic
and we typically have a number of traits in common —
educated, affluent and raised on Judeo-Christian prin-
ciples. That's largely the context we know in life, and
that's often the perspective from which we create and
portray our characters. While authors write what they
know, we typically roleplay what we know.

So, when a sourcebook comes along that's dedi-
cated to possible characters from another part of the
world, we're challenged to depict those people realisti-
cally. Our characters have a different frame of reference
than we do. Their part of the world, upbringing and
values can be extremely different than ours. Playing a
character with a foreign religion, for example, can be

~ difficult enough without having to deal with a separate
cultural backdrop, as well. Many of the Middle East's

hunters are Muslim. How do we get into such charac-
ters' heads without doing exhaustive and extensive
research into their faith and cultural experience? In the
real world, people study foreign cultures and mindsets
for years to immerse themselves into those environ-
ments. But we want to start playing at some point, right?

The big thing to remember is that hunters, whether
Western or Arab, are human. They're fragile, fearful
and paranoid. Although Middle Eastern absorption of
and respect for folklore may make the supernatural
world easier to accept than it is in the pragmatic and
secular West, hunters there still have no more inherent
understanding of the real World of Darkness than do
other imbued. The kiswah are ignorant of the greater
truth. More importantly, they know they're ignorant.
They can slap the label "jinn" on a supernatural crea-
ture, but that doesn't mean they have any idea what it
really wants or how to make it go away.

Playing a Muslim kiswah is, at its core, not that
different from portraying a hunter of any origin or faith.
The character is still human, she still risks her life on the
hunt, and she upholds some things such as family that
are important to her, and she is willing to sacrifice other
things such as wealth for the cause. In terms of religion,
Muslims are no different from anyone else of faith. A set
of core beliefs is meant to guide them through their
spiritual and mundane lives. Some people adhere to
these tenets strictly, while others can dismiss their
relevance. Some obey the Koran to the very letter,
while others apply an interpretational reading, using
their own experience to construct a personal meaning
for their faith. Still others pay lip service to Islam and
rarely follow any of its primary tenets, let alone try to
incorporate religion into their daily lives. We can all
sympathize with these outlooks here in the West.

There, just as here, it's important to decide how big
an influence religion has on your character. Differences
in observation can be subtle. A woman who lives
conservatively and who is quiet and demure may not be
religious at all, while a street punk might make all five
prayers every day. Nobody wears a patch on her arm
declaring her faith, how seriously she takes it or what
form her worship assumes. The external appearance of
your character's beliefs has to do with her personality. If
she thinks of herself as devout, does she pray daily and
wear a head covering? Does she reject conservative
dress as old fashioned and speak her mind whenever she
feels like it? Does she worship and give alms in private,
but leaves the trappings of religion at home when she
ventures into the world?

At the same time, people can act faithful only for
appearance's sake. Does your character carry a masbaha
(similar to a rosary) around everywhere and mention
Allah's name constantly? This same character might
never pray or fast. Does she pretend to be a true believer
while rejecting or ignoring the faith in her heart? She
might have decided that prayer and fasting are unim-


portant — that she can live best by performing small
acts of kindness and acting devout to encourage others
Muslims. The character's outward appearance and in-
ner feelings make sense to her, while someone else who
hears her opinions on faith could call her a hypocrite.
She might, in fact, lie to the world about how important
religion is to her; her friends and family call her devout
while faith, in fact, plays no role in her lifestyle. Each
Western person and character also exercises her faith
(or chooses not to) according to her own values.

During character creation, decide how comfortable
your character is with religion. This is her personal
feeling; what everyone else sees comes later. Does she
pray daily? Does she fast during Ramadan and give alms?
Isit enough to think of herself as a Muslim and to hold
faith in Allah in her heart?

How does your character feel about expressing her
faith? Some people wear religious jewelry and clothing
associated with a particular faith, while others walk
around in jeans. If she prays, does she do so in public?
Will your character pray in a mosque if she can't get
home in time? Does she make it a point to pray at a
mosque with the rest of her community? People can lie
anywhere on a range from those who enjoy starting
religious discussions to some who categorically refuse to
go into the subject. Where is your character in terms of
her public actions and what she is or isn't comfortable
talking about? Religion, along with politics, isa favorite
subject of the Arab people. Those who are uncomfort-
able talking about either can stand out in a social
setting. A character's way of expressing her faith may
influence the makeup of her social group. Fundamen-
talists may choose to associate with those like them or
may purposely associate with the less devout in an effort
to bolster others' faith. Meanwhile, the non-religious
often shun those who openly express their beliefs,
feeling that the subject is best left for private discussion.

Finally, think about how your character views people
of other religious persuasions. Does she think of spiritu-
ality as a personal choice or is everyone else clearly
wrong? How tolerant is she of others? Many — if not
most — religions include the tenant that the faithful
should accept those of other beliefs in spite of their
differences. Amazingly, some of the most "devout"
members of these faiths are the ones who curse members
of drastically different religions. In fact, many different
factions exist even withina single faith like Islam. Some
people are able to accept those who fall under the broad
definition of Muslim, while others say that those who
do not share their exact beliefs are heretics. The same
is true of Christians and Jews within their own sects.

Religion aside, Arabs do tend to have different
hopes, dreams and cultural norms than Westerners. A
job is never just a job. It's a point of pride to support
one's family and to bring dignity to one's name by being
an upstanding member of the community. Neighbors
are themselves a kind of family, and most Arabs know

everyone for three blocks in any direction, unless they
live in a crowded city. Their sense of community is
extremely strong, and a threat to a neighbor isa treat to
oneself. Be sure that you establish your character's
priorities and goals along with her personality, since
these define her identity as much as her faith does.

With all these ideas set down, you have a solid start
on how your kiswah character carries herself and treats
others. Now add in the details of her upbringing and
cultural experience. Does she come from a conservative
family where everyone is expected to follow the party
line? Perhaps she grew up in a family to whom appear-
ances were important. This can affect how she presents
and expresses herself. Does she make it a point to wear
the best clothes? Is she a showoff, talking about her big
house and expensive car whenever an opportunity
arises? Your character could have grown up to a family
of farmers. This origin might give her a completely
different set of values and sensibilities. Does she think
it more important to say as much as possible or to try to
limit her speech to what's important? Is she more
impressed by material possessions or a work ethic? How
does this value system tie in with her religious beliefs
and self-image?

Remember that the bottom line is this: Your Middle
Eastern character has a personality before she has a
creed, and that personality may be markedly different
from anything seen in the West. Although priorities
such as family, wealth and faith are found everywhere,
Arabs have a different way of expressing them. It is this
personality that determines your character's way of life
and her style in pursuing the hunt. Given that a char-
acter holds her family's safety above all, does she stay
with them for their protection or leave, hoping to take
any trouble with her? Hunters the world over face
challenges like this, but Middle Easterners are in a
unique situation. Travel is more difficult and jobs are
harder to come by. Technology is limited and theft is
quickly noticed in any community. In many cases,
stealing just to save one's own hide is unthinkable and
kiswah must find other means to survive.

Asyoucansee, playinga Middle Eastern hunter can
be very different from playing a Western one. At the
heart of your character is a person with different beliefs,
biases and values. She may or may not be spiritual,
might appreciate appearances and she has a way of
presenting herself to the world. When you start building
your character's concept, think about her inherent
beliefs and what she upholds as important. Then decide
her more superficial qualities: her lifestyle, appearance,
sense of community and job. Although religion is im-
portant, it's only one facet of your character. Her
religious beliefs come out in how she lives and addresses
the world and underlie her personal choice of lifestyle.
When you've incorporated your character's religion
into her personality, you have a much easier time
playing her.


Cuarncren CReAvion

The process for creating a kiswah character is the
same as that for any Hunter character. It begins by
defining who the person is and by establishing her
personality and motives. Kiswah creeds are marginally
different than their Western counterparts, but the basic
Virtue structure of Mercy, Vision and Zeal is the same.
The major difference is that the kiswah do not recognize
the general concepts of Martyrs as unique individuals
within their ranks. All Arabs are assumed — expected
— to be prepared to sacrifice for their religion or cause.
The tenets of such a lifestyle are therefore spread among
all people, and the possibilities of the Martyr creed are
available to all kiswah, as is explained later.

You can also select edges from the standard sets in
the Hunter rulebook or in any of the creed books for
your character, no matter what his creed is. Middle
Eastern hunters have manifested certain edges rarely
found outside the Arab world, however.

There are also a few differences between certain
Abilities applied in the Middle East and in the West,
and your selection of starting Backgrounds and Abilities
is somewhat restricted.

Let's go through the process step by step.
Sep One: Cuaracren Goncerr

Choose your character's concept. As always, this
can be almost anything. We recommend that you
keep both Hunter's "everyday people" theme and the
Middle Eastern setting in mind. "Displaced Refugee"
or "Electronics Repairman" might work well, while
"Media Tycoon" is a slightly more unusual type of
character and might not suit your game's focus and
environment very well.

Next, decide on a creed for your character (or your
Storyteller may assign one to you based on your
character's reaction or motives at the imbuing). Creed
should reflect your character's philosophy and way of
thinking; it's the "why" behind what she does. Re-
member that assignments are broad categories and
there is room for a lot of different kinds of people
within each. Two Mudafieen (Defenders) might react
totally differently to the same situation if they have a
different Nature or Demeanor. Also, don't let your
choice of creed pigeonhole your character's identity.
It's the personality that dictates the creed, not the
other way around.

Creeds for the kiswah are similar to those of their
Western counterparts. The major difference is that
there are no Martyrs, per se, in the Middle East. Thanks
to the devotion Arab imbued bring to the hunt, any one
of them can give their all for the cause. It's part of their
upbringing, culture and religion. Although no kiswah
are considered pure Martyrs, all Middle Eastern hunters
martyr themselves to some extent. So, you can't create
a character of this creed.

The Martyr edge path is still available to characters
of the other creeds, however. Kiswah of the other two
primary Virtues — Zeal and Vision — can acquire
Martyr edges as follows: At least one point in Mercy
must be dedicated to manifest the edge, but any others
required may be from your character's primary Virtue.
For example, you want your Mudafi (Defender) to
manifest the level-three Martyrdom edge. You must
spend one point of Mercy todo so. The other two points
required to rise from level two to three may both come
from Zeal, one from Zeal anda second from Mercy, orall
three can come from Mercy. Characters still cannot
acquire an edge outside their creed path of a higher level
than the highest edge they have in their creed path. So,
to acquire the level-three Martyrdom edge, your Mudafi
must have at least a level-three Defense edge.

Merciful kiswah — the Uutafa' (Redeemers) and
‘Awlad (Innocents) — may choose a Virtue other than
Mercy with which to acquire Martyrdom edges. At least
‘one point of Mercy must still be spent, though. An
Uutafa' player may spend Vision in addition to Mercy to
acquire a level-three Martyrdom edge, for example. She
could spend one Mercy and two Vision, two Mercy and
one Vision or three Mercy points.

The choice of a Merciful character's "supplemen-
tary" Virtue from which points can be drawn to acquire
Martyrdom edges is usually permanent. One of Vision or
Zeal must be chosen. Thereafter, points are not usually
drawn from the other Virtue to acquire powers from the
Martyrdom path. This choice reflects part of your
character's philosophy on life and the hunt. Zeal suggests
an inner toughness and willingness to bear down, com-
bined with yourcharacter's inherent compassion. "Tough
love," ifyou will. Those who resort to Vision are typically
willing to look beyond misconceptions to seek higher
truths in their quest to help people and beings.

A Merciful character who undergoes an extreme
perspective shift during the course of a chronicle —say,
an Innocent with Vision as his "secondary" Virtue who,
is wronged horribly and becomes more violent thereat
ter—mightbeallowed to change supplementary Virtues.
The choice is ultimately up to the Storyteller. The
change depends on how the character would use Mar-
tyrdom edges thereafter. If they'd be applied to stop
creatures aggressively, a shift to Zeal as a complemen-
tary edge might be appropriate. If Martyrdom edges
would now be used to suffer personal loss to give others
insight, a change to Vision as a supplementary Virtue
might be right for a primarily Merciful character.

Tue Creeds

The following are the Middle Eastern interpreta-
tions of the creeds. As in the West, these groups are not
formally recognized institutions or societies. They sim-
ply reflect common patterns of thought, beliefs and
goals on the hunt. As in the West, each creed has
various names by which kiswah tend to refer to people
with these mentalities.


Sawece Cuaencren Concerrs

Taxi Driver— You spend your days in an old,
hot car driving people from one end of town to
the other. That suits you fine, because you can
earn a living without having deadlines or a boss
looking over your shoulder all the time. Of course,
you still have a boss; the only way to be competi-
tive was to join up with one of the transport
companies in town. "Company" seems like an
awfully big word for seven people with five cars,
a tiny office and a phone line, but it's nice to get
to know people around town. You have the most
interesting conversations with strangers, and you
don't have to listen to the annoying ones for more
than a few minutes. Besides, it's as good a way as
any to put your kids through school and to keep
food on the table.

Shopkeeper — Dad used to sell trinkets
and souvenirs to tourists, but you decided to
turn the place into a leather-goods store. You're
lucky to have a shop near the middle of town;
the late-afternoon rush usually brings in enough
business to cover the whole day. Haggling can
be downright fun, especially when you know
you're going to turn a profit no matter what.
You had a hard time starting out, but then you
found a quality supplier and managed to get
word out about your shop. Tourism fills the
pockets, but doing business with regulars is
much more satisfying.

Citrus Farmer — A few years ago, you bought
a few plots of land near your house and combined
them into an orchard. Even though it took several
seasons for the new trees to come in, this has been
your best year for lemons yet. You make the weekly
trip to the hisbah vegetable market and get what
you can for your harvest. Lately, it's been harder
and harder to make ends meet thanks to
longstanding debts, and you've been raising a few
chickens and rabbits to keep meat on the table
without paying extravagant prices. Your family
pitches in and your youngest boy is turning out to
have quite the green thumb.

Student — School is a pain, but you try to
remind yourself that your parents couldn't afford
to get much of an education when they were
young. Next year, you'll take the tawjihi exit exam,
which will tell you if you can go to college and
what you can study. And yet, you're not sure if you
want to spend four or five more years in school
when you're able to make a small salary as a car
mechanic right now. Even if you do score well,
where are you going to get the money to move
away and pay for tuition? You aren't sure whether
to keep going and hope Allah shows you a way or
to quit now and try to make enough money to send
your little sister to school, instead.

CHAPTERS: ALLAH'S SERVANTS

Pillar of Hajj: Hukama'/Hakeem (Visionaries) —
These kiswah are often educated, but some can be found
who have little or no formal schooling. The single bond
between Arab Visionaries is that they try to think
beyond the immediate situations they face and look to
the long-ranging effects of the decisions they make.
However, many get caught up in making choices that
benefit them yet hurt others. For example, as a hunter,
a Hakeem is better suited to fight the forces of darkness
thananormal person is, but does that oblige her to place
her own safety over that of the defenseless? The Hakeem's
foresight becomes a curse on those rare occasions when
the only way to help those she cares about is to sacrifice
some or to cause them harm. Hukama' rarely havea hard
time figuring out their options and laying down long-
term plans; living with the consequences and trying to
keep from sacrificing too much is where they run into
trouble. Some say that a Hakeem's greatest failing is
regretting what had to be done.

Pillar of Jihad: Muhajimeen/Muhajim (Avengers) —
As with their Western brethren, the Muhajimeen have
generally had some crime committed against them by
the supernatural and seek revenge. They tend to be
even more reactionary than their foreign counterparts,
however. Living in a harsh world where family is su-
preme and the government turns a blind eye to any
crime that doesn't concern it, Muhajimeen live by two
laws: act on behalf of your own and return every insult.
The largest moderating factor in a Muhajim's life tends
to be her family. Although these Avengers can lose
themselves in the hunt just like anyone else, family
unity is so ingrained into these kiswah that they can
sometimes be brought back from the edge by those they
love, even when other hunters have long ceased to care.

Pillar of Salat: Muhakimeen/Hakam (Judges) — Ina
world where religion and tradition are at the forefront
of society and culture, extremism runs rampant. Those
who see it as their place to decide who acts correctly
according to their set of values can become Muhakimeen
when imbued. Deciding which monsters should live
and which should die comes naturally when you've
spent much of your life passing judgment on others. As
usual, there are many ways to interpret the role of Judges
in the hunt. Some evaluate monsters and let others
carry out the sentence, while some Muhakimeen take
matters into their own hands. Once in a while, every
Hakam turns her watchful eye to her companions.
Although most realize they survive night to night
thanks to their comrades' help, a Hakam may decide
thata particular kiswah is unfit to be part of Allah's army
and either tries to talk her into changing her ways or
decides the ally's fate for her.

Pillar of Sawm: Mudafieen/Mudafi (Defenders) —
Middle Eastern Defenders sometimes concentrate their
energies on protecting a charge or place, as do Western-
ers. Most, however, spread their protection among
people, places and ideas they consider to be of supreme


value. For example, a teacher's priorities may be divided
among guarding her home and family, the school at
which she teaches and her students. As a result, the
Mudafieen often spread themselves very thin, having
great difficulty prioritizing which of their charges is
most important. These kiswah can be caught flat-footed
when forced to decide whom to protect and whom to
abandon. The stresses of the hunt mount more quickly
on the Mudafieen than on perhaps any other creed
members due to the losses they can suffer when they
can't protect everything they hold dear. Their typically
stoic nature, however, make them very good at hiding
their pain.

Pillar of Shahada: ‘Awlad/Walad (Innocents) —
Unlike Western Innocents, those of the Middle East are
rarely dismissed as foolish or childish. Rather, other
kiswah do their best to protect these people, recognizing
that they represent the best qualities of humanity. This
intervention is infuriating to regional Innocents, who
usually want nothing more than to do their part in the
hunt. They hate being made to feel helpless and being
talked down to. Many an ‘Awlad has gone off on herown
to prove that she can make a difference, only to find
herself rescued and chided by her friends. This treat-
ment further irritates these people, and episodes of
"running away" are often repeated. ‘Awlad are often
stuck in an ongoing struggle to prove their worth both
to their allies and to themselves.

Pillar of Zakat: Uutafa' /Aateef (Redeemers) —These
hunters are in many ways akin to evangelists. Though
they do not necessarily preach religion, they believe
that the way of moderation is essential to the world and
that itis their duty toshow humanity and the supernatu-
ral the way to coexistence. Unfortunately, as they see
more of the "real" world, the Uutafa' can become jaded
about their ability to affect real change. Some bemoan
their fellow hunters' inability to treat the "monsters"
around them fairly, while others turn against fellow
kiswah to help those creatures they believe to be worth
saving. The hunt can be very confusing for an Aateef,
and her conscience can easily drive her around the
bend, if she survives that long.

Arcueryees
For a list of Archetypes, see p. 97 of Hunter: The
Reckoning, or the various creed books.

Sver Two: Cuoost Arveigurss

With your character's concept established, decide
on how to rate her Attributes. There are two important
distinctions to be aware of between kiswah and Western
hunters.

Stamina — The Middle East environment is harsh.
Although most Arabs live in towns and cities away from
the swirling sandstorms of the desert, temperatures
routinely exceed 100-degrees Fahrenheit. People do a
lot of walking, and in some countries a five-minute
drive is considered a waste of gas. Few buildings have

amenities for the elderly or handicapped that are com-
mon — even the law — in the West. All this means
Middle Easterners are relatively hardy. When creating
a kiswah character, you must assign at least two dots to
Stamina, in excess of the one you receive automatically.
These Stamina points are still drawn from the pool with
which you have to spend for your character.

Appearance — Foreigners in the Middle East stand
out like a sore thumb. The locals have a walk (literally)
and a look to them that outsiders can rarely duplicates
Even though skin color can range from black to albino in
the Middle East, it generally has a certain quality unique
to Mediterranean people. This does not mean thatkiswah
are necessarily more or less beautiful than anyone else,
Butyoushouldmake anote next to Appearance that yout
character can blend into the Middle East. Characters
with foreign origins are unable to do so. Even those
outsiders who have spent years in Arab lands are distin-
guishable, and the way Storyteller characters interact
with your hunter is affected by whether they think she is
a local or not. Merchants target foreigners as marks and
try to take advantage of them, and people in the street
may not treat your character seriously (+1 difficulty onal
Social rolls when a foreign character tries to convince a
local of something).

Svep Tunes: Choose Apitiries

The Abilities available to the kiswah are the same as
those for any hunter. There are a few unique features to be
aware of when creatinga Middle Eastern character, though.

Intimidation — As with any pair of cultures, Arabs
and Westerners have different definitions of what is
"intimidating." While the latter are often impressed by
a large build and an emotionless face, a quick, sharp
tongue is often enough to earn respect in the Middle
East. Additionally, physical intimidation can take many
different forms, some more effective in one society than
another. Gesturing and yelling are normal parts of a
heated debate in the Middle East, while picking up a
potential weapon or invading a character's personal
space are immediately considered hostile actions. As a
result, kiswah are at a disadvantage to intimidate West-
erers, while visitors can have the same problem. A
character attempting to use Intimidate on someone
from the other culture loses one die from the pool. This
penalty does not apply when the character tries to
intimidate someone from her own culture.

Expression — Islam is a required course in the
public-school systems of all Arab countries, and in most
private schools. One component of learning about the
faith is instruction in the proper, melodic reading of the
Koran. Students can also learn calligraphy and a variety
of other art forms. Although it is not required, most Arab
characters should have a dot of Expression. Not having
this point probably means the character was taught these
skills but only acquired enough knowledge to pass her
classes, and then forgot what little she learned.


Streetwise — This Talent implies more in the
Middle East than it does in the West. First, Streetwise
is used to determine how easily a character can find
public transportation, in the form of a taxi or "Service"
car. You cho a destination, then roll Wits +
Streetwise, difficulty 7. The number of successesachieved
determines how fast and cheap the transportation your
character finds is. The exact interpretation of the roll is
left to the Storyteller, taking into account the size of the
town the character is in and how remote her destination
is. No successes mean your character doesn't find a way
to get where she wants to go. In general, a single success
means the character arrives within a few hours, while
paying a little too much. Three successes get the char-
acter there quickly and at a reasonable price.

Streetwise also represents your character's skill at
barter. The cost of most items and services (excepting
cab fare, groceries and government exchanges) can be
haggled up or down. When trying to agree on a price,
make a resisted Wits + Streetwise roll, difficulty 7,
against the same made by the Storyteller for your
character's opponent. The difference in the number of
successes achieve by the winner is multiplied by 10. The
result is used as a percentage that modifies the cost of
the item. For example, a character wishes to argue the
price of a lamp (which originally costs 30 Dinars) with
ashopkeeper. Dice pools are rolled for both. The player
gets three successes and the Storyteller gets only one.
The character wins by two successes, so the cost of the
lamp is reduced by 20%, to 24 Dinars. If the Storyteller
got, say, four successes, she would have had one more
than the player and the lamp's price would have risen to
33 Dinars. Such a price increase is possible because
prices are rarely listed on items. People working in
stores know what their stock is worth and gauge buyers'
gullibility while making an offer.

A few important points should be noted about
bartering. Non-Arab characters who attempt to haggle
are ata severe disadvantage; players can roll only half
their Wits + Streetwise pools, fractions rounded
down. If your character tries to argue a price, you are
obligated to make a roll. A person can't start negotia-
tions, then decide she doesn't like how they're going
and ask for the original price again. Finally, it's
considered bad form to haggle a new price and then
refuse to pay it. It's assumed that some characters will
threaten to walk out of a store if the shopkeeper
doesn't give them a better price — that's part of the
negotiation. But a character who arrives at a price
and then decides she doesn't like it and leaves is not
treated well if she ever returns. She finds that the
base price of everything in the store rises just for her,
and nearby shops may be resistant to offering her
good prices, as well. Once again, since prices aren't
normally predetermined, a shopkeeper can change
them at will. Haggling is a game. One of the unwrit-
ten rules is that if you lose, you should do so gracefully.

Drive — Although the Drive skill works the same
as it does in the West, driving in the Middle East is quite
different. Drivers are much more aggressive, and many
roads have no speed limits. Any Western driver in the
Middle East has an effective rating of one dot below
normal. The opposite is also true; Arabs take the same
penalty when trying to drive in the West. A foreigner
reduced to zero Drive is left trapped at the side of the
road, too afraid or confused to pull into traffic.

Firearms — Middle Eastern hunters should never
start with more than one dot in Firearms. Guns are
difficult to find in most Arab countries (outside the
military) andare illegal in many. Sport hunting isall but
nonexistent. Even if a character is able to obtain a
firearm, she has nowhere to practice with it. The maxi-
mum starting Firearms rating for Middle Eastern natives
1, and freebie points cannot be used to purchase any
dots in the Skill beyond the first. Spending experience
points can still advance a character's score during play.

Svep Foun: Cuoose ADyaNraces

As usual, advantages help flesh your character out.
Virtue points and edges are chosen normally, and a
character's first edge manifests at the imbuing. Back-
ground selection is also the same for Middle Eastern
characters, with the following exceptions.

Arsenal — Kiswah cannot start with any points in
Arsenal. Although a character may begin with a single
firearm and a small supply of ammunition at creation,
remember that the items are contraband in most of the
Arab world. Those with a lot of money and connections
can obtain some weapons, but the average person has
nothing with which to fight except what she picks up
and swings. Since it is as difficult for thieves and bandits
to obtain weapons as it is for those they attack, there is
not a great need for firearms where self-defense is
concerned. Kiswah who have traveled outside the Middle
East may be exceptions to this rule. When they return,
however, they are probably unable bring their weapons
with them. Not even a very large bribe keeps a border
guard from sounding the alarm if blatant smuggling is
discovered or she feels the least bit threatened. Baggage
and personal searches are common.

Contacts — Every kiswah must start with at least
one point in Contacts, dedicated to family. This point
must be purchased; it's not free. The tight-knitstructure
of the Middle East makes it all but impossible for anyone
to grow up without strong bonds to certain family
members. Even refugees and orphans become close to
those with whom they live, and they consider these
people their extended families. Further points may be
invested in Contacts to represent more family members
who are willing to help your character, or they may be
dedicated to non-family members.

Fame — Although a point does not need to be
spent in Fame, make a note of your character's home-
town. Whenever he is in that city or village, he


TRANSPORYAYION

Most countries in the Middle East have networks of
taxi cabs for both local and long-distance travel. Local
cabs can be found in any major commercial or business
district. Companies range in size from one person witha
car toa fleet of 15 vehicles and a maintenance garage.
Large cities with over one million residents tend to have
many firms, while smaller towns are served by fewer,
larger companies. Groups of more than five drivers
usually own. small office and havea telephone line that
can be used to request a cab, while smaller companies
subsist on the fares they pick up in the street.

Almost anyone can be licensed to operate a
commercial cab. A driver's license, vehicle and spe-
cial commercial certification are all that's required.
Since vehicles themselves need only be in good
working order, they range in size and shape from small
new Nissans to 30-year-old Mercedes Benzes. Local

ars that cruise the streets looking for fares are always
yellow. By-request, or talab, cars can be any color.

There is a well-known network called the Ser-
vice (sair-VEES) for traveling from town to town.
These cars drive aregularroute, looping between two
towns several times each day. Routes are well known
locally, and anyone who wants to take a trip to.
another city can simply wait somewhere on that
particular route for a car. Drivers who see people
waiting on the road flash their lights and pull over to
pick them up if flagged down. The passenger pays en
route and gets off wherever he or she wants to. Fares
for particular routes are also well known locally, and
there is no need to write them down anywhere.

Service cars, unlike local cabs, are almost always
Jarge. Many are Mercedes four- or seven-seaters,
new or old. In the last few years, drivers have begun
using 10-seater vans. Particularly busy routes, espe-
cially those between large cities, have hub stops
where drivers wait their turn to pick up passengers.
Criers work these hubs, indicating which cars are
headed to which towns. It's sometimes easier to find
aseatatahub thanalongaroute, since cars that have
left their hub are often full. Some countries such as
Lebanon and Saudi Arabia have begun using buses,
but these are often slow and uncomfortable.

Fares depend mainly on what kind of trip a
passenger wishes to take. Local trips cost a flat rate
of less than the equivalent of one or two American
dollars. Some citiessuch as Amman and Jordan have
moyed to a meter system, though fares are still quite
cheap. Service trips tend to be a little more expen-
sive. Exact cost depends on how far the destination
is. Passengers who wish to travel from one end of a
country to another can expect to pay a substantial
amount; the alternative is to make several short
Service trips from town to town, losing time waiting
for anew car in each city. Trips to an airport or land
border are often quite expensive, up to $100 Ameri-
can, since drivers often need special permits to be
hired or to even drive a vehicle at those sites

effectively has one point of Fame beyond his true
rating. (If he has no Fame score in general, he has one
point when visiting home.) This bonus is due to the
close relationship between neighbors and friends. Most
people live in one neighborhood for a significant part
of their lives, and neighbors and shopkeepers watch
them grow. People often feel proprietary about chil-
dren in their neighborhoods, so they pay attention to
their safety. There is a strong sense of community
among members of a town as a result.

Influence/Resources — There are generally two
ways to gain political power in the Arab world: wisdom
and wealth. Truly influential characters have a combi-
nation of both. A Middle Eastern character can never
have more dots in Influence than represented by her
Wits and Resources ratings. In order to determine a
character's maximum Influence rating, add her Wits
and Resources, then subtract two. So, a character with
three dots in Wits and one in Resources can never have
more than two dots of Influence. If she wishes to acquire
more Influence, you must first raise either her Wits or
Resources score. Note that her Influence rating doesnot
automatically rise to her new limit. You must still spend
freebie or experience points to raise Influence after
improving Wits and/or Resources

Svep Five: Lasy Toucues

Your kiswah is almost finished. By now, the details
of her personality should be well developed in your
mind, and you have a good idea of where her strengths
and weaknesses lie in terms of her capabilities. The last
step is to spend freebie points and to fill in her Convic-
tion and Willpower scores. Starting Conviction for
kiswahis the same as that of Western hunters; Muhajimeen
(Avengers) start with 4 dots, Mudafieen (Defenders)
with 3 andso on. However, Middle Eastern hunters start
with four points in Willpower instead of the usual three,
and this "extra" point is free. This increase represents
the harsher lifestyle they have to endure compared to
most of their Western counterparts.

EDGES

Although kiswah can manifest edges similar to those
of their Western brethren, some have displayed powers
that seem to be all their own. Those who have noticed
these differences usually ascribe them to a different
attitude and mindset among these hunters — life, faith
and upbringing in the Middle East creates opportunities
for capabilities among kiswah that are unique to them or
rare among hunters of other lands. The following are a
few of the edges available to the kiswah. They can also
be used by Western hunters in some cases, but you
should take care that your character has a good reason
for manifesting one of these capabilities

Other imbued who develop these effects are usually
Arabs who were raised abroad in fairly traditional fami-
lies. For practical purposes, they are Westerners, but
their outlooks on life, religion and the hunt lean toward


those of the Middle Eastern experience. It should be
rare for a non-kiswah to display one of these powers.
Ultimately, the Storyteller decides if a foreign hunter's
mindset or perspective on the hunt makes him a candi-
date for one of these powers. Perhaps an imbued professor
who has studied and taught about the Middle East in the
West for several years could develop some of these
capabilities. Or a foreign hunter who is allied with a
kiswah for some time, during which cultural and ethical
values are taught and exchanged, could manifest a
unique edge.

Remember, too, that triggers are typically different
among Middle Eastern and Western hunters. Just as
those from the West draw on their own beliefs and
cultures to wield their edges, kiswah do the same based
on their own context. They might pray to Allah, face
West momentarily or rely on an appropriate Middle
Eastern physical trigger, such asa henna tattoo. The last
is a body ornamentation believed to have personal and
religious meaning. Such designs could also be consid-
ered the source of or means to edges. Only women wear
such decorations. A character with Demand may be-
lieve that the tattoos on her arm help channel power
into her blows. Without those tattoos, she cannot
activate the edge, so she must constantly keep the
illustrations fresh. Although the edge is mechanically
the same as any other character's Demand, it feels
unique to the kiswah thanks to her particular culturally
based trigger.

Variations in triggers and in the manifestation of
powers between West and Middle East can also make
ostensibly familiar edges seem considerably different to
hunters and kiswah. While a Western bearer of Ward
might seem to crackle with energy, a Middle Eastern
user might cause sand to buffet creatures to keep them
at bay. The results are very similar but their means are
quite different, and the same trick might seem alien to
the divergent wielders. Another excellent example is
the kiswah interpretation of any number of effects that
involve scorning or verbally lashing out at monsters,
called hija. Western hunters might interpret the very
same effect as anything from Bluster to Insinuate to
Shame (Hunter Book: Redeemer, p.76) to Vow to
Confession (Hunter Book: Judge for the last two). The
point is, hunters' collective misunderstanding about
themselves, combined with different manifestations of
powers and capabilities across the world, makes answer-
ing the call both a regional and personal phenomenon.

Prucan oF Hay) (Vistongny) 2 — Revunn

Much like Delve, Return allows an imbued to cast
back for visions of the past. Return is based on an object,
however, rather than a location. Your character can
search for the lase time an item was used for a specific
purpose, or to determine whom the last person to hold
the item was. She can also try to see events that
occurred around an object, although this last effort is
very challenging for the inexperienced.

Using this edge is much like having a dream. Your
character's surroundings fade out of view, replaced by
a vision of the relevant object-related situation. There
is no sense of self while the edge is in effect, and the
kiswah feels more than a little disoriented. She can
move only slowly through the scene around her, but
cannot influence events witnessed. The more detail
she wishes to uncover, the longer she must remain in
her trance. She remains "out of body" until the effect's
duration expires, she decides to come back to the real
world or until another person touches her. Being
brought out of the trance artificially is like being
woken up from a deep sleep by a punch in the face.
Your character is woozy and confused and is unable to
do more than walk slowly for some time.

System: Declare exactly what event associated
with the object concerned that you want your character
to view. Roll Perception + Vision, difficulty 6. Your
character sees one minute of the event for every success
achieved. If the event occurred over a month ago, add
one to the difficulty. If your character wants to see
something that happened over a year ago, increase the
difficulty by two, and increase it to 10 if the event is over
five years old. If the object has been severely damaged
you must either add one to the difficulty or spend a
Conviction point for your character to see the vision.
Your character may see and hear past events if you spend
two extra Conviction points.

As with Delve, the exact nature of the vision is left
to the Storyteller's discretion. Since an object is used
instead of a location, the scene is clustered around the
item. Anything that occurs or moves more than a few
feet away is blurry, confusing or shrouded in darkness.
The size of the area seen depends upon the size and
mobility of the object. A knife that's carried and used in
a murder might reveal only who was killed and some
clues about the attacker, while a stationary sofa could
reveal most of the room in which it sat. If the object is
moved during past events, the vision follows regardless
of what happens in the item's original locale.

Second sight or observation edges can be acti-
vated before or while using Return to see possible
supernatural events or beings in the past. Ifa monster
seen uses a mind-, body- or emotion-control power in
a vision, your character is not affected even if second
sight is not active.

No living things, people or monsters can be the
objects of Return, although animate or mobile unliving
objects, such as cars or wind-up toys, can be.

Acharacter roused forcibly from her trance —against
her will or before the duration of the effect expires —
cannot do more than respond slowly to others' orders for
as many minutes as she spent using Return (add one to
the difficulties of all actions). You may spend a point of
Willpower to throw off this effect and your character
becomes fully conscious immediately.

Return can be used only once per scene.

=


Prccan oF Juno (Venceance) i — Wandance

Some Bedouin tribes have been known to prepare for
battle by enactinga ceremonial dance. It isalso known asikwan
al-harb (brotherhood of war). These spirited events often
involve lbrme Grouns of men and Wonieh circling'a firs picaee
itvanmssinging loudlyasthe undulating chain tnowes sera
faster. Others stand back and clap or stamp their feet rhythmi-

= cally, raising their own voices to join the dancers'.

Kiswah can perform a similar ceremony when they ready
tthémselvesfor the hunt. The practice usually requires at lea
direé hunters ot norsimbued people, one ‘of whom iat
possess this edge and leads the dance: Other participants dé
notneed to know the song and dance; they can be taughta few
basic steps to be involved. Once the event begins, all the
ldswah involved enter a state of deep concentration thee
sasually lasesarounnd halfan hour Nospecialpreparandnsne'
be made, except that the hunters must have clear ground to
dance on and must suffer no interruptions. When the dance
is completed, kiswah report a feeling of euphoria and empow!
erment along with a strong urgency to hunt.

System: Each player with a character involved in
the dance rolls Stamina + Zeal, difficulty 6. Even a
single success means the character receives the fall
benefits of the ceremony. She gains two points of
Conviction and one point of Willpower. These points
pacsist forse many hours aache playerscoved succeasen
on the roll. After that, the extra points disappear. If
dhe pomts are gpene before they exoue, the chances

loses no further Conviction or
Willpower as the effect wears off.
Conviction can be risked on a Wardance
roll by each kiswah participant to his own ben-
efit or detriment. Hunters don't have to be the
one with the Wardance edge to risk Conviction
on their participation rolls.

Note that while only one participant needs
to have this edge, only hunters can receive the
full benefits of the ceremony. Normal people or
bystanders may participate, but they gain only
one point of Willpower for their contribution,
without making any rolls to achieve it. The
dance is an empowering immersion in their
culture and community.

A character with the Wardance edge can per-
form the ceremony by herself, She must have some
source of traditional Arabic music and enough

room to dance. No character, imbued, bystander
or ordinary person may perform the dance more
than once per week and gain points from it, even
if she does so in different company. A character
with this edge who has performed the wardance


once ina week cannot confer its benefits on others
soagain. Nor may a participant join another wardance a few
days later and gain mote Conviction andjor Willpower.

If the edge bearer is Incapacitated before the cer-
emony ends, no participants gain the dance's benefits.

Pitan of Sacar Jupewenr) 2 —Yiew
Byusing thisedge, ahuntercan suddenly see through
solid miteectal: Staring'ar‘a'wall she‘eers'a momentary
"hapshot" of what lies beyond. Though often. hazy and
iciclear, this glimpse can give the'chiaracter the insight
she needs to plan her next move. Hakam describe the
sensation as "seeing," for lack of a better word. They
somehow have the information given to them but can be
ar 416s té explain where it comes from. Since'lt
tends to be only visual information, kiswah associ-
ate acquiring the knowledge with sight, although'
it does not have anything to do with the eyes.
Many kiswah believe Allah blesses them within
divine knowledge when they.need iermost.
System: Roll Perception + Zeal, diffi-
culty 7. Your character can "glimpse behind"
any solid objects within Zeal
im-yands. The. ellect requires
Gne action. t gerforn. The
more successes rolled, the
thicker or larger ani object she is
able tosee through, and the clearer
the picture. One saccess allowsher
to see through into a wooden box
andthe mone ieanuddys Two-suc-
cesses let her see through a normal
door and the image is hazy.
Three successes allow her to
see through a plaster-and-wood
fall ond the image is clear aa if
observeddirectly. Theeffectlasts
foronly an instant, soyourhunter
docon't Grow. if any objects or
mncople beyondia barticnare mov"
ing unless she can infer such from
their positions. One use of View
typically allows your charac-
ferto glimpse beyond
asingle object.
Second sight can
be activated before us-
ing View to gain their
benefits simultaneously.
Your character is able to
see everything she might
normally see with second
Sight, only beyond a bancier of
some kind. View cannot be used
concurrently with any other obser-
vation-based edges such as Discern,
Witness, Illuminate, Delve or Return

(see p. 97).

CHAPTER 5: ALLAH'S SERVANTS

Prcean oF Satay (Juocwenr) 3 ~ ConDewn
Every supernatural bears within it the force or
presence that makes it what it is — inhuman, unnatu-
ral. Some hunters believe this inherent "wrongness"
comes to bear through second sight. This effect is
similar, they say, to the instinct animals have for the
fear or ill intent of others. Some kiswah believe they can
actually enhance creatures' "wrongness" and make it
detectable to normal people
Simply by speaking with a monster, a hunter can
somehow reveal an aspect of the beast or create a chink
in its armor. The exact phenomenon is difficult to
describe, since a being affected by Condemn does not
appear different to hunters, with or without the second
sight. And yet, normal people
and bystanders somehow
know that the thing is differ-
ent or wrong. They do not


gain any sort of insight into the monster's true nature,
but people can tell that there is something unacceptable
about it. They shun the creature's presence; even a
creature's mundane family or loved ones, if any, are
affected. Perceptions range from fear to disgust, depend-
ing upon the exact nature and mood (such as violent
tendencies) of the monster.

System: A character using Condemn must speak at
least a few words to the target as an action. These
statements are generally threatening in tone such as,
"They will know you for what you are," or, "You cannot
hide from righteousness." Roll Manipulation + Zeal,
difficulty 6. The effect lasts for a number of hours equal
to the number of successes scored. This edge causes
normal people and bystanders to feel uneasy around the
creature. The monster is no more noticeable than usual
to other hunters, although the monster may be easier to
spot thanks to people's reactions to it rather than by a
hunter's instinct.

Although the monster cannot directly tell that its
illusions or defenses against detection are faulty, it
quickly notices that people look at it more warily than
usual. Their reactions tend to have to do with what the
monster really is. Rots seem somehow unclean and
disgusting, while shapechangers might be treated with
fear. Any Social rolls a monster makes in regard to
normal people while Condemn is in effect are in-
creased in difficulty by a number equal to the successes
achieved in your roll.

Not even those monsters that can make them-
selves invisible can escape the effects of this edge
completely. People and bystanders — but not hunters
— are able to sense such a creature's presence by its
unusual aura. A person in the vicinity of a ghost might
feel a gnawing dread until she gets away from the spirit,
even though it is otherwise incorporeal and undetect-
able. The intensity of a person's reaction, say between
a feeling of unease and blinding terror, should reflect
the power of the creature, but that's ultimately up to
the Storyteller's discretion.

A particularly ancient or powerful creature may be
allowed to reduce the duration of the effect. The Story-
teller can roll the creature's Willpower rating, difficulty
7, and reduce the number of hours the edge lasts by the
number of successes gained.

Note that although normal people get a sense of the
monster's presence and abomination, they certainly do
not leap to the attack. The average person on the street
simply steers clear, spits a curse or shies away. However,
if the creature's appearance or manner is already dis-
tasteful to people — say, the thing appears to be an
Israeli and is in a community of Muslim Fundamental-
ists — people might have more incentive than ever to
react with hostility now that the newcomer also seems
intuitively "wrong" or "unacceptable."

Any creature that reveals its true nature —a ghost,
shapechanger or goblin, for example — to normal

people still invokes any confusion or memory loss that
it normally would in their presence (see the Hunter
Storytellers Companion). Condemn does not allow
people to overcome monster-induced mass hysteria,

Multiple applications of Condemn imposed simul-
taneously on the same creature are not cumulative; only
the first one applies. If a curse is shouted at a group of
creatures, they are not all condemned. Only one is, as
chosen by your character. If any other creatures in the
group are to be similarly affected, the edge must be
activated again for each.

Piccan of Sawn (Detsuse) 3— Sranp

By activating this edge, a character can step back
from death's door for a time. Though severely injured,
she is able to keep fighting or moving. Some kiswah have
been seen to take devastating blows that should have
killed them, only to strike back or cover someone else's
escape . Unfortunately, this effect is temporary and
hunters who seem resolute one moment can collapse or
die the next.

System: Spend one point of Conviction and roll
Stamina + Zeal, difficulty 6. Your character's health
level is fixed at its current position for a number of turns
equal to the number of successes scored. She must
concentrate for one action to activate the effect. Al
though she can ignore any damage taken for the duration
— whether bashing or lethal— full damage is incurred
once the edge wears off. You must therefore keep track
of the damage your character should incur. If your
character takes three health levels of bashing damage
while standing, they immediately go into effect when
the edge fades, with all the appropriate wound and
movement penalties.

Accumulated wound penalties cannot be resisted
with the expenditure of Willpower point (Hunter, p.
126) when Stand ends. Your character can stave off the
effects of Incapacitation for a time with this power. She
can perform any actions she likes at this time, until the
power expires.

The duration of the effect can be terminated by
your character any time before it ends naturally. Stand
does not influence the effects of mental or emotional
attacks or derangements. Only bodily harm is "delayed."

Characters with the Iron Willed Background
(Hunter Book: Defender, p. 71) cannot possess
this edge, and vice versa. The two qualities are
mutually exclusive.

Precan oF SuauaDa (Innocence) 2 — Gonezat

The ability of some hunters to hide themselves from
the eyes of the supernatural has been noted among
kiswah. Surprisingly, some have learned to hide others
from prying eyes, as well, even in what would normally
be considered plain sight. Those people concealed can
be confused by a hunter who suddenly pulls them aside,
often with afew hushed words such as "be still" or "don't
move." These people rarely know that they're being


followed or are endangered in the first place, but for
some reason they find themselves trusting the kiswah
and doing as he says.

Hunters using this edge have found that it works on
only normal people and bystanders, not supernatural
creatures or fellow imbued. They also note that they can
hide themselves by only mundane means while using
Conceal, and must be careful not to betray their charge's
presence or must distract monstrous attention elsewhere.

System: By activating Conceal, your character can.
hide a single person or bystander from the senses of any
monster. The trigger for this edge often includes saying
something reassuring to the subject. Unless that person
has particular reason to mistrust the kiswah or is ex-
tremely afraid or paranoid, she does not immediately
resist. If the subject does have reason to revolt, make a
Wits + Mercy resisted roll against the subject's Wits,
both at difficulty 6. If you achieve as many or more
successes, the subject is calm and Conceal goes into
effect. If the subject gets more successes, she recoils and
Conceal has no effect. The Storyteller may also spend
apoint of Willpower on the subject's behalf to resist the
effects of the edge automatically if any reaction be-
tween she and your character would be downright
violent. A Muslim Fundamentalist is not likely to react
well to being grabbed by a Rabbi, for example. The edge
cannot be used against an actively resistant subject
again in the same scene.

Once Conceal has been activated, any supernatural
creature in the area rolls Willpower, difficulty 7. If you
have not already rolled Wits + Mercy to calm the
subject, do so now to determine the effectiveness of the
hide attempt. (The successes achieved from any previ-
ous calming roll are used again now, too.) If you get
more successes than the Storyteller does, a creature does
not notice the subject of the edge for a number of turns
equal to your character's Mercy score. Otherwise, Con-
ceal hasno effect —the subject can be detected normally.
Monsters with special abilities such as improved scent
or heightened hearing that allow them to sense their
target should roll against a difficulty of 6, instead of 7.

The subject must not attract special attention to
herself for Conceal to remain effective. She can move
slowly or talk quietly without being detected. If she
makes a lot of noise or does anything to make her
presence obvious, such as touching a creature, Conceal
fails. Once one creature detects the subject, all mon-
sters in the vicinity do thereafter. Subsequent uses of
Conceal in the same scene do not make the subject
suddenly disappear again.

The edge cannot be used to hide objects or animals.
If your hunter is rendered Incapacitated while a subject
is hidden, she remains so until the edge expires nor-
mally. The power cannot be used multiple times on the
same subject simultaneously; the first application is the
one that applies. If more than one subject is to be
hidden, this edge must be used separately on each.

CHAPTERS: ALLAH'S SERYANTS

‘As suggested previously, if a kiswah currently uses
Conceal on a person, he cannot activate Hide on
himself. The edges do not work cooperatively for some
unknown reason. If Hide is currently active and Con-
ceal is used, the latter will not function unless the
hunter deactivates Hide first.

Truly ancient or powerful creatures may still see
through Conceal at the Storyteller's discretion.

Piccan oF Zanar (Repewevion) 3 — Preserve

People, whether defenseless civilians or imbued,
die in the hunt. Monsters prey upon them, and they're
sometimes the incidental victims of the struggle be-
tween kiswah and monsters. Those lucky — or unlucky
— imbued who somehow manage to survive night after
night see many loved ones and comrades die. Some-
times, however, the injured survive long enough to
receive medical care. There are those among the kiswah
who manage to bring the dead and dying to healers just
in time, keeping them alive almost as if by will alone.
These hunters may have saved allies time and again,
even though the wounds of the fallen seemed mortal.

Imbued who are capable of Preserve do not neces-
sarily understand what they do to keep victims alive,
or even if they do anything other than what's required
in the moment. They simply urge their fellows to hang
on long enough, and pour so much attention into the
subject that the experience is noticeably painful, often
with headaches. Those they've saved perceive miracu-
lous results. They claim to have felt death's icy touch
for an instant, only to awaken, alive, sometime later.
Surely Allah expresses his mercy through his most
humble followers.

System: By using Preserve, akiswah can keep some-
one who has been severely injured from dying. Ifshe can
reach a person who has sustained damage beyond the
Incapacitated level, she can restore him to Incapaci-
tated. The kiswah must reach the subject and activate
Preserve within a number of minutes equal to her Mercy
rating from the time when the subject received his
debilitating wound.

Spend a Conviction pointandroll Stamina + Mercy,
difficulty 8. Your character suffers one level of bashing
damage automatically — it cannot be soaked — and can
keep the subject at Incapacitated fora number of minutes
equal to the number of successes rolled, multiplied by
Mercy rating. Once this period expires, your kiswah can
discontinue using Preserve or can incur another level of
bashing damage and spend another point of Conviction
to keep the edge active. This time, the subject stays at
Incapacitated for a number of minutes equal to the
number of successes rolled earlier, multiplied by Mercy
rating, minus one. Thus, if your character gets three
successes and has 6 Mercy, she can keep someone alive
for 18 minutes. When that time passes, renewal of the
power lasts for 15 more minutes [3 x (6-1)].

Your character can continue extending the edge's
duration until she runs out of Conviction or reaches


Incapacitated herself. On becoming Incapacitated, the
hunter falls unconscious and her subject probably dies.
Conviction can be risked on only the first roll in a series.
Preserve cannot be applied to a subject, discontinued
and applied again in the same scene.

Ifa subject suffers further damage once sustained by
this edge, he remains at Incapacitated. The "patient"
isn't killed outright and suffers no more harm. He's ina
form of stasis. Blood |

Assuming an Aateef manages to stay conscious and
get a subject proper medical aid, the patient can be
tended to using whatever skills, aid or edges are avail-
able. Regardless of what health levels are restored by
that treatment, the subject remains unconscious for 24
hours after being preserved while his body recuperates
from the near-death experience.

Preserve can be used to sustain animals, humans,
bystanders, hunters and even living, breathing mon-
sters with material bodies. The user can do nothing but
walk or run ata trot and carry a subject while sustaining
him. No other actions or attacks can be performed. The
edge cannot be used on more than one subject at a time.
Preserve cannot be used on one's self.

AcHn ir

Those kiswah who travel the world bring back
stories of strange creatures and even stranger phe-

loss also ceases.

nomena. Here and there, hunters claim to find places

that seem protected from monsters' influence, sites
guarded over by people of strong faith. It comes as no
surprise, then, that many Islamic holy sites appear to
be unmolested by the creatures of the night. That, or
the monsters' touch is extremely subtle and beyond
even chosen recognition.

Though these places of "safety" were originally
thought to be protected by individuals — mundane,
hunter or even in one case, piousmonster—some kiswah
have reported finding refuge in abandoned mosques
and, surprisingly, some burial grounds. Most of their
brethren dismiss these tales, believing that the tellers
either got lucky and shook their pursuers or that they
unconsciously invoked Allah's blessing in place, ward-
ing creatures away.

The kiswah who have been so protected, however,
swear that repelling the creatures that followed them
was not their own doing, but something inherent to the
places in which they hid. The have come to call this
phenomenon Al Ha'it, literally "The Wall." But even
this name is inappropriate, since no one has claimed to
see a physical barrier to the sight or by any more intense
perceptions. And yet, hunters who claim to experience
the phenomenon report a feeling of unusual calm,
although their fears are never alleviated completely.

Even stranger, Al Ha'it seems to come and go from
certain places. A kiswah may find monsters storming a
mosque where she had found safety the previous day. At
the same time, Al Ha'it's protection seems to extend


over many different kinds of holy places — mosques,
churches and synagogues alike. The older and better
regarded the place, the stronger the protection appears
to be. The areas around Mecca and Medina in Saudi
Arabia and Jerusalem seem to be particularly strong,
keeping out even potent beasts. At the same time this
protection can be fleeting, and powerful creatures have
walked into holy places while their lackeys have been
stopped outside.

The one point upon which kiswah who have expe-
rienced Al Ha'it's protection agree is that it is strongest
during the day. Many report that it is not limited to the
walls of a structure such as a mosque or church, but that
the protection seems to extend to the areas around
these buildings. Not only do supernatural creatures
have difficulty approaching protected areas, but their
strength seems to dwindle within it. Kiswah using capa-
bilities allowing them to see monsters' true forms claim
that the creatures seem to breathe more heavily and tire
quickly, even though their appearance does not change
to normal sight.

The most striking feature of Al Ha'it, and the one
which leads some hunters to give credence to the whole
concept, is the supposed change that occurs during
Ramadan. During this month, almost no monsters can
be found in Islamic holy places. Some speculate that the
creatures simply wish to avoid the mass of people, that
they fear being stuck down by Allah's warriors while
fasting, and that prayer increases kiswah power. Chris-
tian and Jewish hunters, however, have noted similar
phenomena during Lent and Yom Kippur. Those few
monsters that can be found in holy places at these times
inspire intense feelings of dread; their age and strength
can be sensed by the imbued using second sight. It is
thought that these are the greatest of monsters, and not
even the most foolhardy kiswah approaches them.

COMMUNICATION

While some Western hunters use the Internet freely
togather information and coordinate their movements,
the kiswah cannot. Local telephone calls are billed by
the minute, makingnet connections expensive to main-
tain. In addition, computer equipment can be hard to
come by, and free Internet service providers are a myth.
Some countries have even gone so far as to ban Internet
use beyond the needs of the government, schools and
businesses. This means that email and hunter-net are
used to communicate with hunters in different coun-
tries or even on other continents (when they're used at
all), but electronic messages are useless or too dangerous
for talking to those nearby.

Kiswah talk to each other the "old-fashioned"
way, instead. They meet face-to-face or make brief
telephone calls. Cellular networks in the Middle East
have grown to the point of competing with tradi-
tional phone nets for sheer volume of users, and in

CHAPTERS: ALLAH'S SERVANTS

Lebanon the old land-line system is being phased out
in favor of a countrywide cellular telephone system.
Most Arabs who can afford to do so invest in a cell
phone. Of course, no one has any illusions about the
security of those devices, so kiswah generally prefer to
arrange one-on-one meetings to handle important or
delicate business.

Toe Mipbte Exsrern Word

Unlike their Western brethren, the kiswah have
another communication option: their own unique ver-
sion of the Word. By studying pieces of script-based
Arabic artwork, Middle Eastern hunters can communi-
cate instantaneously and over great distances. Messages
are transmitted to kiswah studying similar art elsewhere,
seemingly instantaneously. Sender and receiver con-
template the art and its message before them, and then
intuitively interpret their own messages within that
script, as if a piece of art studied has overt and covert
meanings at the same time. The second is somehow
encoded within the first, and the covert one changes
each time a hunter receives a message.

Those who have learned Arabic calligraphy can
create scripted pieces of art for communication. For
some reason, the artwork in question must be Islamic in
style. This leads some Christian and Jewish hunters to
mistrust the regional Word, wondering why that faith
was chosen over theirs. Muslim scholars among the
kiswah surmise that the reason has to do with how
closely the language is tied to the Islamic faith. AL
though the three religions are seen as equal, Muslims
believe that only the Koran is truly in its original form
and language. Thus, they say, artwork derived from
Koranic writings are expressed truly in Arabic, whereas
Christian and Jewish art is too far from God's intent to
carry the Word.

Strangely enough, kiswah do not actually need to
understand Arabic to read the Word. Jewish hunters
who grew up in isolated kibbutzes report being able to
read the code within a piece of art, without knowing
aword of Arabic, as if conveyed messages are gleaned
intuitively rather than consciously. Westerners who
visit the Middle East can also use the kiswah Word
once they're informed of its powers or they stumble
across it for themselves. Non-Islamics therefore say
that any connection between the Word and the Mus:
lim faith does not validate Islam as the one true
religion. Naturally, this argument began around the
time the first Muslim and Jewish kiswah met. The one

Conviction Willpower
Required Required
Oneday 0 3
One week 0 7
One month 0 15
Six months 5 30

Two years 10 50

Rating Time


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

thing these hunters can agree upon, however, is that
understanding the code does not depend upon akiswah's
native language.

Each piece of artwork is assigned a rating from I to
5 that reflects both the effort put into creating it and
how well it works for transmission of the Word. The
amount of ereation time required varies according to PRI O bs
the item's rating, as does the number of Conviction KORY KS i Xx
and Willpower points that must be invested into the KSOKKKOXKK HT KX Yy;
piece. Total creation time can be spread over a broad MN retacececacacenenel Lys
period; apiece of art rated I can be made in one full day eeceeen Va
>

OO
of work, two half-days, or over six days with four hours POO
of work each. Art rated 3 or lower doesn't require a Otani ee
Conviction investment, so it can be created by non-
imbued artisans and still be used to communicate by
kiswah, The higher rated an object, the larger and more
beautiful it is.

ERROR
SVR

Artists can collaborate on a single piece of work if
it is rated at least 2. They must all know Arabic and
have Expression (Calligraphy) — see below. Each
contributor after the first reduces the creation
time of the object as if the piece were rated one
lower than itis. Thus, if two artisans work on a
piece that's normally rated 3, it's consider to be
rated 2 for creation-time purposes (it can be
completed in one week instead ofone month).

No collaborative effort can reduce an item's
rating by more than two levels, regardless of
how many people contribute, and no rating
can be reduced to less than 1 for creation-
time purpose:

The size and beauty of an object re-

flects the amount of time required for its <4

)
creation. A small silver medallion bear-
ing a passage from the Koran is rated 1, \
while a two-foot scroll painted in gold
and silver might be rated 2. An or-
nate painting or detailed, purely 4
geometric design rated 3 is usually

quite large, perhaps the size of a
tapestry. In order to have a rating
of 4 a piece must be at least the
ofa wall and contain intri-
cate detail. Artwork rated at
5 is huge and majestic, repre-
senting years of hard work by
several skilled craftsmen.
These last piecesare found only
in places of worship or in reli-
gious colleges.

Characters who wish to
create a piece of artwork for
transmitting the Word must
have at least one dot in Lin-
guistics (with Arabic beingone
of the languages known), two
dots in Crafts, and at least one


Difficulty Modifiers
+10 +3

Communication Situations
Stressful situation

(running from a monster)
Receiving and sending piece -1
created by the same artisan
Receiving and sending piece -2
created by the same group of

artisans (at least two members)
Character has 3+ Linguistics

and knows Arabic

Piece used is a permanent

part ofa large religious building

dot of Expression (dedicated to Arabic Calligraphy if a
specialty is called for). Finally, the character needs to
acquire the right materials: paint and paper for a draw-
ing, achisel for woodwork. These tools can be mundane,
but must be of good quality.

The character or group of characters then spends
the appropriate amount of time creating the piece. The
actual work is conventional and can be done by anyone
with enough Willpower. One point is spent when the
character starts work, and the rest must be set aside over
the creation period. Points allocated to the art cannot
be drawn upon by the creator again; they accumulate in
a "creation pool" which should be updated whenever
points are invested and time is spent on the project. The
same process is used to fill a Conviction pool for items
created by kiswah that are rated 4 or 5. Any contributor
can donate Willpower and/or Conviction to the pool.

Once completed, an item appears unremarkable to
second sight and to any means of supernatural detec-
tion. However, any hunter with at least one dot in
Linguistics (and who knows Arabic) is able to see
between the swirling lines of script and intuitively
divine the object's use — he might even receive a
message spontaneously. Those who do not understand
the language must roll Intelligence + Linguistics, diffi-
culty 6, to gain the same recognition. A single success
allows the character to begin using a piece of art to send
and receive messages.

Analternative to creating items that bear Arabic
script is locating ones that have already been created
by ordinary craftsmen. These pieces include jewelry
and plates, copies of the Koran that are ornately
engraved — all of which can be purchased — or the
walls of mosques or holy sites in public places. Most
kiswah who communicate through Islamic art do so
through such "acquired" pieces; why build a telephone
when you can use a pay phone? And yet, hunters truly
dedicated to the calling or who are passionate in their
faith might still be inclined to create items through
which the Word can be conveyed.

Acquired items must be of good quality; only hand-
made pieces will do. In general, an item rated 1 may cost

CHAPTERS: ALLAH'S SERVANTS

the equivalent of $20 to $50 American. The more
ornate the object, the more expensive. Artwork rated 2
can cost up to $500, while those rated 3 usually cost
several thousand. Also, since the merchant or artisan
involved knows the quality and often the rarity of a
given piece, attempting to bargain is challenging (+1 to
your difficulty roll). Pieces rated 4 and 5 are always
custom-made and must be commissioned individually.
These objects are usually immobile.

A large, immobile piece of art such as an en-
graved mosque ceiling would normally be rated 5
according to this system. However, if it was created
by ordinary (non-imbued) artisans, the piece is lim-
ited to a rating of 3. The same is true for any piece
that's large and complex enough to be rated 4 or 5,
but that was created by ordinary human hands. In
order, for such an item to realize its full communica-
tion potential, imbued praying at it or studying it
must invest Conviction into it over time, as if they
were creating the piece themselves, as detailed above
The only stipulation is that twice the number of
Conviction normally invested to create an item must
be dedicated now to "upgrade" an existing piece of
art. That would be 10 points for an item rated 4 and
20 points for an item rated 5.

These points can be invested all at one by one or a
group of kiswah, or over time with points going toward
an investment "pool." Such points assigned are for the
express purpose of "upgrading" the art alone, not for
using it for a short-term transmission (see below). A
point can't be dedicated to the art to raise it to its full 4
or 5 rating, and also be used to send or receive messages
in the moment. There's no duration over which an
object must be upgraded; points are simply accumulated
until the required 10 or 20 is met. Once points are
invested to get the most out of a piece, they cannot be
used by you again. Once a piece has been upgraded to its
full rating, it functions at that level for all hunters who
communicate through the item.

Furthermore, a "mundane" piece that would nor-
mally be rated 5 does not function as "4" when 10
Conviction have been dedicated to it. The process of
increasing rating is not incremental; it must go directly
from 3 to 5 after a total of 20 Conviction points have
been assigned.

SENDING AND REceI¥ING

When your character wishes to transmit or receive
a message through a piece of artwork — whether cre-
ated oracquired — spend a point of Conviction and roll
adie pool equal to the art's rating plus your character's
Expression score, difficulty 6. Your roll may also be
modified based on the circumstances surrounding the
transmission (see chart). Your hunter can then use the
piece for a number of minutes equal to five times the
number of successes achieved.

The clarity of any message sent or received is also
determined by the successes rolled. One success means


that short, halting statements can be sent ("help, sister,
quick") in the duration over which your character can
send. Five successes represent fluid dialogue. ("I need
help. A spirit has possessed your sister. Come quick.")
Note that your character is unaware of how strong her
link through the artwork is; you choose how to phrase
each message as if it is sent in full, and the Storyteller
decides how much gets through based on the number of
successes rolled.

A receiver —a person who studies a piece of script-
art elsewhere at the same time — makes the same roll to
get "incoming" messages. Her successes determine how
clearly she understands senders' messages for the dura-
tion that she studies a piece. If the receiver scores as
many or more successes than the sender, she gains no
extra understanding beyond that transmitted by the
sender and his successes, but she realizes that messages
may be garbled somehow and that more information is
implied. A receiver who has fewer successes than a
sender gets a garbled message herself and is left to
interpret its full meaning as best she can.

When beginning a message, your character may
decide to whom she wishes to send it. She can choose
an individual she knows or with whom she has used
the Word to communicate before, or she may simply
send the message to a certain piece of art. She can
also send a message to multiple kiswah at once. The
number of hunters she can send to simultaneously

equals to her primary Virtue score. They can bi
designated individuals, fellow kiswah within a speci-

fied range — say, one mile — or completely random
hunters scattered across the Middle East. Potential
recipients must already be looking at an appropriate
piece of art, ready to receive any messages. Sending a
message does not set off an alarm or alert an unwary
receiver to its presence; the kiswah must be watching
for a message. The process often requires establishing
a preordained time at which (and perhaps a place to
which) messages are sent.

Those who are novices with this system some-
times perceive messages without consciously
expecting them, but they are the exception rather
than the rule. Some kiswah say Allah truly means for
these people to receive word from their brethren, and
He intercedes on their behalf.

Messages cannot be "left" for fellow hunters by this
means of communication. If a transmission is not re-
ceived the moment it is sent by another kiswah, the
information is lost immediately. The equivalent is a
statement made overaphone when the recipient doesn't
have the receiver to his ear.

While your kiswah studies a piece of art, he can both
send and receive messages throughout the duration
determined by your die roll. Much as in a conversation
when two people speak simultaneously, if a messages
comes in while your character sends one, one voice can
be lost. The message sent with the highest number of

successes overwhelms that with the "weaker" voice
The latter is lost, but the message can be repeated if
transmission time permits. If messages collide and were
sent based on the same number of successes, both are
made indecipherable.

Once duration of communication has expired fora
particular effort (or a hunter breaks it off prematurely),
messages stop appearing through his piece of art and the
imbued cannot send any more. The swirling lines and
images simply come to a halt and the kiswah can no
longer divine any hidden meanings. A single piece ofart
can be activated and used a number of times each day
equal to its rating. After that point it simply seems inert.
Trying to communicate through pieces that are avail-
able publicly can therefore be frustrating for hunters in
an emergency, when other imbued have already ex-
hausted the objects for the day.

If a roll to communicate fails, no Conviction is
spenton the effort. Nor is one of the item's uses wasted.
Another attempt can be made immediately. If an
attempt to communicate botches, a point of Convie-
tion is lost and all of the item's potential uses for the
day are wasted.

Kiswah communication through Arabic script also
suffers another significant limitation. Messages cannot
be transmitted or received beyond the Middle East,
even if a hunter studies an appropriate piece of art ina
foreign land. Many Arab kiswah interpret this limita-
tion as further evidence of Islam as the one true religion;
the Middle Eastern Word cannot range far from the
faith's holy sites. And yet, other hunters point out that
some of Islam's sacred locations are also important to
other religions such as Christianity. So, there is no
definitive explanation for the bounds seemingly im-
posed on kiswah contact. Their existence, however,
cannot be denied.

Ifa piece of art is ever marred, its rating decreasesas
determined by the Storyteller based on the amount of
damage done. Ifa piece is destroyed, it can no longer be
used to communicate the Word.

While using pieces of artwork to communicate,
kiswah-enter a trance-like state and become almost
completely unaware of their surroundings. They ap-
pear to be in deep meditation and can be roused only
by being touched. Some mumble prayers and sway
slowly from side to side, while some are completely
silent. Others must actually touch the piece of art-
work to initiate communication. Fortunately, such
behavior is not out of place in most houses of worship.
However, akiswah using a simple piece of art in anon-
religious place may have a difficult time explaining
why she "prays" to it. Islam is a non-iconic religion.
Directing prayer to an object is widely considered a
form of sacrilege. Hunters involved in communica-
tion think, whisper or speak the words they wish to
send, and hear responses as faint whispers. Some
describe it as a kind of telepathy. People, including


other kiswah, in the vicinity of a receiving hunter do
not overhear the recipient's message.

The "Wesveen'" Word

Aside from their dynamic form of the Word,
kiswah also know and can create fixed messages
like their Western counterparts. Those of the kiswah
are portrayed slightly differently, however, with
symbols combined to make a statement flowing
together rather than being independent of each
other. The difference can confuse Western hunt-
ers at first, but they usually catch on quickly since

the code is fundamentally the same. Yet many
Arab hunters frown upon the use of this form of
contact. Yes, it's effective when no scripted art is
available through which to speak and some kind of
message must be stated. Each sign is more perma-
nent than the transmitted Word, but the symbolic
code carries less meaning than communication
through Arabic script. The symbol code can also
be understood by foreigners. It is referred to as
Kalam Alfugara', the "poor ones' speech," prima-
ily for the last "deficit" cited above.



We Have given you a glorious victor

, so that Allah may forgive

you your past and future sins, and perfect His goodness to you; that
He may guide you to a straight path and bestow on you His mighty

help.

— The Koran, Surah: 48:1 [Victory]

ESTABLISHING THE SEY TING

If you think playing a character from a distant or
foreign culture is tough, presenting the culture itselfand
making it believable to your players is even more chal-
lenging. It's especially intimidating if you've never been
to the region in which you plan to set your chronicle.
And yet, if you intend to set off a Middle-Eastern-based
Hunter chronicle, or simply want to send foreign char-
acters there briefly or want to have kiswah visit your
native setting, you have to portray another part of the
world and its people convincingly. The big question is:
How do you get past the mystery of far-off lands and
people to builda distant setting that doesn't feel like just
another place where people have funny names?

The answer is research. That doesn't necessarily
mean reading lots of books about the region, although
that's certainly an option. Research can mean just about
anything, from talking to a friend who's been there to
surfing the web for international news that covers the
area. News coverage on the Middle East is certainly easy
to find, although it should be taken with a grain of salt;
ifit isn't written in Arabic, it's probably been reported by
anon-local source and carries its biases.

That said, one of the first pieces you want to put in
place is the physical setting of your game. Large Middle

Eastern cities tend to be crowded, although each deals
with the problem differently. Amman, Tripoli and
Beirut are filled with high-rise apartment buildings,
while other towns have no buildings more than five
stories tall and the centers sprawl out horizontally. The
weather also varies from area to area. Towns near the
coasts and in the Al Arz Mountains between Lebanon
and Syria have cooler climates than landlocked, low-
elevation cities. The closer to the equator you go, the
dryer and more given to sand the earth becomes. Areas
close to the coasts such as Palestine and Lebanon tend
to be made up of a red clay, suitable for planting some
kinds of trees and brush. Don't make the mistake of
turning everything into a desert by default.

In general, snowfall is rare in the Middle East. Heavy
rains in January and February make up most of the
region's precipitation, although the Al Arz Mountains
usually get a few inches of snow. As a result, agriculture
ismostly of the citrus variety, and herd animals tend tobe
sheep and goats, since they are better adapted to the dry
environment than are cattle. These flocks pass right
through small towns, and it is not unusual to see a
shepherd and her small company cutting down a side
street instead of going around a village. The natural
vegetation, aside from trees, is mostly a low, spiky kind of
bush and thistle. Bluegrass is unheard of except in certain
parts of the Gulf, Amman and Israel, because of the


ITER: HOLY WAR

amount of water needed to maintain it. Portraying up this
unique climate and terrain goes a long way to giving your
chronicle a distinct feel.

Next, remember that Islam is all around. The call to
prayer is issued from every mosque five times each day.
Only in the middle of the desert can characters escape its
stirring sound. Some mosques are even built along lengthy
roads that do not run through towns, just to give travelers
aplace in which to pray should they find themselves on an
extended trip. The majority of the population is Muslim,
but there are significant Christian populations in many
places such as Bethlehem, Nables and southern Lebanon.
A relatively large number of Yemenis are Jewish, and
perhaps surprisingly, the indigenous inhabitants of the
area have coexisted fairly peacefully for centuries.

Ofcourse, reality isnota perfectly rosy picture. There
is always the potential for disagreements to become
conflicts, especially given the number of sects of all three
religions that populate the Middle East. The continuous
fighting between Muslims and Jews in Palestine/Israel is
the most obvious example, but Iraqi oppression of the
Kurdsand the poor treatment of the Druz in Lebanon and
Syria should not be discounted. For more specifics, do a
quick search through a periodical database for the latest
news about recent conflicts focused on religion. As arule
of thumb, you can always add religious strife in a commu-
nity, whether subtle or overt.

Another major difference between the Middle East

and some other parts of the world is the wide network of
connections and gossip there. Family structures are broad.
in scope, and news (rumors) gets around quickly. Char-
acters who think they can cause trouble in one part of a
town, go elsewhere and pretend it never happened have
another thing coming. The authorities may be called, or
the hunters may be spurned or perhaps even confronted

by amob, depending on the severity of any acts commit-
ted elsewhere. If characters pay any kind of attention to
the local people — or are local themselves — you can
assume they recognize how quickly gossip spreads. You
might want to warn your players before their characters
make a lot of noise. Or you could leave them to their own
devices and make them learn the hard way

Bear in mind that business tends to be conducted on
a smaller scale in the Middle East than in many other
parts of the world. Most Arab countries are considered
tobe "developing," which means the average person has
limited access to technology, and lifestyles are often
simpler than those of Westerners. Many people, espe-
cially those who do not live in big cities, do not own cars
and most don't use computers regularly, let alone own
them. There is no reason to own a lot of equipment
when everything you need to live is within a half-hour
walk, and there are taxi and Service networks to take
you wherever you need to go. So, there are no Middle
Eastern equivalents to mega-corporations like Sony and
GM. Most large high-tech companies are based outside
the Middle East; the largest local companies are usually

importers or dealers in food supply and delivery. And
even these tend to focus locally rather than abroad.
Small shops and merchants are staples of the economy.

With regard to technology, even telephone com-
munication is considered frivolous by some. In small
towns, as few as one in three homes has a phone. By
contrast, city dwellers have a line in every home, along
with cellular phones. The Internet is an educational
and business tool, and has not come into fashion as a
form of entertainment. Those who keep a personal
email account generally access it in a cybercafe rather
than spend a large sum ona personal computer and
expensive local phone bills.

Once you have your setting roughly put together, go
back to the Hunter rulebook and decide what kind of
theme you want for your chronicle. All are applicable in
the Middle East, but be prepared to tailor the setting to
the theme and vice versa. If your chronicle is about
courage, you might want to start the characters in asmall
town with limited means and little contact with the
world outside their village. A chronicle set in a large city
should have appropriate antagonists such as small-time
businessmen turned monsters (or just evil), and corrupt
politicians. Also make sure that your players' characters
fit your setting. Don't just assume that they will; a
shepherd is really out of place in the middle of a large
developed city such as Bahrain. And why would there be
a computer-repair shop in a village of 2000 people?

The devil is in the details. Use the skills you've
developed Storytelling chronicles set outside the Middle
East to keep track of the little things. Because of the
strong family structure in Arab countries, antagonists
can recur even more frequently than in the West. Did
the characters beat up a street tough for harassing them?
If they aren't careful, he comes back with five of his
cousins — or 10. Describe the scenery around the
characters carefully. Paint a solid picture of where the
characters are physically and your job is half done.
Finally, draw on real news and events. The World of
Darkness is a world much like our own world, and the
best place to find out about reality is reality.

Tue Word

Although the symbolic code of the Middle East is
similar to the Western code, that which is communi-
cated through script-art is unique to Arabia and its
hunters. Koranic writings can convey real-time mes
sages as well as carry a depth of meaning that's impossible
for the Western code to achieve. The nature, origins
and seeming exclusivity of this unique tool is a mystery
to most hunters, East and West. Several theories have
been proposed, though, from the greater evolution and
development of artistic Arabic script to Arabic being
"God's language."

The truth is that the kiswah Word is something
much more fundamental than the symbolic or "West-


en" code. The Western code is imposed by the Messen-
gers as a simple means of communication and has
purposely been made into a neutral set of signs unre-
lated to known languages. This system allows hunters
worldwide to communicate without the normal barriers
of language. In the Middle East, however, Islamic writ-
ings can be found everywhere. Moreover, with the vast
majority of the population being Muslim, a communal
faith lies behind the language. This religious, unified
symbol structure is much more intricate and self-con-
tained than many foreign equivalents, and the
Messengers immediately turned it into a versatile tool
for communication among kiswah.

While this means that almost any hunter in the
Middle East is able to use the calligraphic Word —
whether he understands ot speaks Arabic or not —
hunters throughout much of the rest of the world are at
adecided disadvantage. Such auseful tool simply doesn't
expand far into regions where language and belief aren't
so thoroughly intertwined. Indeed, kiswah who leave
the Middle East find themselves sitting in foreign
mosques or studying scripted personal possessions and
wondering why they can't raise their allies or receive
messages from them. These emigrants can attempt to
create pieces of script-art of their own, and although
their efforts produce works of beauty and value, the
items are completely nonfunctional in terms of trans-
mitting the Word. Even artwork created ot acquired in
the Middle East for the purpose of conveying the Word
is useless when studied abroad.

Tue Ineuine

Although a kiswah's imbuing has a distinct flavor,
itisnot wholly dissimilar from that ofa Western hunter.
Arab chosen rarely understand what exactly happens to

Orrionat Rute: Foreicn Rerwork

If you want to allow further freedom abroad for
kiswah, a Middle Eastern hunter journeying outside
Arab lands may be able to acquire or create a piece
ofartwork to communicate with hunters back home.
The item must be rated at least 3. It then functions
asa piece of art two levels lower in power and can be
used to communicate with only hunters using art-
work in the Middle East (no outside-art to outside-art
contact). The character can go through the stan-
dard creation routine, although it is sometimes
made difficult by a lack of proper materials and aid.
You, as Storyteller, decide when such an exception
tothe rule is possible —perhaps when an emergency
must be communicated that has direct bearing on
events or lives back in the Middle East, and perhaps
with the blessing of Allah, the Heralds or whatever jf
other force a transmitting hunter believes is respon-
sible for her new existence.

them. They are left confused and unsure of whom to
trust. They most often turn to those, if any, who were
imbued with them, but most begin to doubt even their
friends' motivations and sanity before long. Surely all
these inexplicable experiences have driven everyone
involved mad.

The major difference in regional imbuings is in
what an episode seems like to the hunter. As with the
Middle Eastern Word, the Messengers draw upon the
faith and imaginations of those they imbue. In fact, you
could say the imbuing looks like whatever would make
sense to an individual hunter. Even the most jaded of
people hold a series of basic tenets and beliefs, and the
imbuing is most powerful when it inspiresaction through
that faith. Even though they don't really know what
happens in the moment, kiswah are empowered by their
often-passionate faith to explore the world around
them and to try to understand what they have become,
rather than denying the event and trying to pretend
nothing happened.

So, the biggest thing to remember when planning
and then describing a kiswah imbuing is that the scene
is extremely personal for each. Group imbuings work
well for getting several characters started and giving
them a reason to work together, if only temporarily.
Make sure that each character has a unique experience,
though. Each player should be left feeling that her
character is a distinct individual, rather than part of the
homogenous whole.

To accomplish this, you should ideally imbue each
character separately. But this isn't always possible.
During the group imbuing, stop periodically and take a
player aside to go through the personal part of her
character's revelation. Although the characters' ac-
tions are real and affect the outcome of the scene, you
should describe what each goes through psychologically
to the player. That way, no player knows what the
others went through internally. The experience of each
is very intimate. Let players have their characters de-
scribe what they went through to the others if they
choose to do so. Since you aren't doing the talking, the
players and characters have to worry about how truthful
everyone is, as well as about what the others' real
motivations are.

A character's psychological experiencesat the imbu-
ing should reflect what you and the player decide the
character's motivations are. Start with the character's
creed. A Zealot's imbuing could involve fire imagery and
pursue a self-actualizing theme. Or the scene might have
todowithaspreading inferno, representing the character's
developing desire to wipe the world clean of supernatural
influence. Visionaries may be surrounded by winds and
watch as they blow back the cloak of lies hiding a
supernatural creature. A Merciful character could simply
see some kind of heart-aching scene, such as a monster
facing a loved one from its past. The reality that the
Merciful hunter has ignored forso long is forced upon her,


as if under a spotlight. The emotional scene skews the
character's perception, eliciting a response and personal
sentiment appropriate to the person's values.

With the general idea behind the scene taken care
of, think about what each character's reaction to the
imbuing is likely to be. Will she jump immediately to
the attack? Will he sit back and watch? How long will
it take for a character to do anything? Is a character's
motivation fear and hate, or will she be concerned for
the safety and freedom of others?

Based on what you think a character might do in
response to monstrous presence — or what you witness
her do during the event — give her some kind of avenue
for pursuing that action. This course probably involves
awarding the character her first edge. If she sits and
watches, give the character some kind of ability that lets
her stay out of the way or observe the scene from safety.
An aggressive kiswah who leaps into a fight or tries to
save a victim could get an edge that lets her lash out or
deflect harm. The important point is to let each charac-
ter get through the scene with the notion that there is
some kind of hidden world out there and that she can
play an active part in it — perhaps make a difference in
it — which might inspire her to explore that world.

But this "psychological empowerment" approach
to the imbuing isn't necessary a culturally unique take
on it. It's high time to put a more overt spin on it that
makes a kiswah imbuing different, not just from those of
the other characters, but from the kinds of changes that
Western hunters undergo. Grant distinctly Arab-feel-
ing edges. You can do so with those presented in
Chapter 5 or by modifying those in other Hunter books.
Say a Muhajim (Avenger) is imbued and her first edge is
Cleave. Rather than having her weapon simply vibrate
with energy or even smolder, Arabic words might ap-
pearas if drawn or carved along it, and she feels strength
flow from them up her arm. The character may later
remember the exact words revealed and decide to write
them on her striking arm in henna tattoos.

The winds that envelop a burgeoning Visionary
might whip up grit and dirt like a desert sandstorm.
Images like those of fabled jinn might even seem to
appear in the cyclone.

Ora Koranic surah about showing mercy and heal-
ing the weak might suddenly spring to a promising
Aateef's (Redeemer's) mind and inspire him to acts of
kindness toward the creature he witnesses

The point is to give each character's imbuing a
unique, exotic feel, something totally original and maybe
a little weird, even from the conventional Hunter
perspective. Doing so helps capture the unique flavor of
the kiswah experience.

Also remember that the characters might see each
other's imbuing. The event can mean one thing to the
character being imbued and something completely dif-
ferent to an observer. That onlooker may have just been
imbued herself, so she may already be driven, upset or

confused by her own experience. You can use the
imbuing of others to immediately complicate charac-
ters' relationships, adding an extra element of mistrust
and confusion to the chronicle.

Say, for example, two friends are imbued together,
one an Aateef (Redeemer), the other a Hakam (Judge).
The Aateef, a kind, quiet man, sees his old friend
engulfed in flames, unleashing shimmering heat at a
pitiful-looking creature. While the Hakam looks at the
monster and sees an unnatural beast that feeds on
humanity, his friend has the insight granted at his own
imbuing: that what they face is as fearful of them as they
are of it. What does the Aateef think when the Hakam
smashes the creature's head open and continues to beat
its bloody corpse? Doing so seems just to the Judge. The
Redeemer interprets things differently and it may bea
long time before he trusts his old friend's values again.

Also, use the terrain around the characters to create
a regional feel. If they are outdoors, you have lots of
visual imagery with which to work. The olive branch is
a traditional symbol of peace. Maybe an ‘Awlad (Inno-
cent) character activates Conceal and sees, in her
distorted mind's eye, the limbs of a tree gently encircle
and protect her subject. An Aateef's sharp words could
seem to intensify the very light of the sun and pierce the
soul of an unsuspecting monster.

Finally, don't forget the gossip factor. If the charac-
ters' imbuing is public, someone saw something funny
happenand chances are he tells five of his closest friends
about it. Make the characters worry about who thinks
what and how many people are suspicious. Kiswah need
to exercise a lot more restraint and subtlety than their
Western counterparts; one can never expect to keep
business personal. If a character keeps coming home at
three in the morning, injured, the neighbors notice.
And once one person knows, everybody hears some
version of what's going on. The result is an imbuing and
subsequent hunter lifestyle that very different from
those experienced in the West.

cH' ir

The truth behind this strange phenomenon issome-
thing most characters will never really understand. Like
the Middle Eastern Word, this mystical "barrier" is
powered by communal faith. It is linked to all types of
houses of worship — Muslim, Jewish, Christian — as
long as a sufficiently large regional community patron-
izes the mosque, church or synagogue concerned.

One of the reasons for all the conflicting reports
about the effect is that Al Ha'it affects only the undead
— shamblers, walkers, hidden and vampires.
Shapeshifters, warlocks and nightmares are rarely even
aware of its presence, and though ghosts can sense that
something unusual is going on, it does not have the
same kind of power over them as it does the living dead
— those that possess or control bodies. Few hunters


have the time or presence to figure out exactly what
kind of creature chases them when they seek sanctuary.
So none has yet made the connection between the type
of monster involved and the extent of Al Ha'it's protec-
tion. The fact that some powerful rots and vampires can
resist its effects adds to the confusion.

Asarule of thumb, when an undead creature comes
near a place of worship that is thoroughly patronized
and supported, roll the creature's Willpower, difficulty
7. Anything less than two successes indicate that the
monster is completely barred from entry. If the creature
achieves exactly two successes, it may enter the grounds
for a number of minutes equal to its Willpower. The
difficulties of all actions performed by the creature in
that time are increased by one, and the monster is
overwhelmed when the duration expires. It must flee at
that time. Three or more successes mean the creature is
unaffected by the place's mystical protection. You may
wish to decrease the entry roll's difficulty according to
a monster's age or power, or increase it if a deeply
religious person such as an Imam or Rabbi is present.

To the undead themselves, the presence of Al Ha'it
is more like an oppressive weight than a barrier. Those
able to bear it have great difficulty concentrating, and
only the strongest can stay for long. The phenomenon
is so powerful in the holy cities of Mecca, Medina,
Jerusalem, Baghdad and Damascus that weaker rots may
be unable to set foot in those towns at all. That means
the undead who actually live in those cities are more
than "average" creatures. Characters who think that Al
Ha' it provides them asafe zone may soon realize that the
effect is selective, and that the undead they do encoun-
ter are truly powerful.

Scorer Potice

Collectively known as Al Shurta, the was'its and
mujahidin are a subtle part of the kiswah world that few
hunters are aware of. Those who do know about these
groups are usually members of them or targets of their
investigation. Others may hear rumors about the groups,
but since being the focus of their attention is embarra:
ing and potentially dangerous, few hunters are willing
to share their experiences with the societies.

Members of Al Shurta claim to be keepers of the
peace among hunters — arbitrators of disputes who
hold themselves responsible for dictating "acceptable"
behavior for their kind. For the most part, members'
behavior is consistent with this ideal. The greatest
question, however, lies not in their motives but in
their ability to be fair and to understand the situations
they seek to judge. The hunt is fraught with moral
confusion and ethical dilemma, and very few kiswah
take to meddling outsiders dictating what they should
and shouldn't do.

An investigation is usually initiated by a local
member of the was'its, who reports to the nearest

group of mujahidin what she believes to be an abuse of
power by a hunter — perhaps harm inflicted upon
common people, theft or attacks on other hunters.
The was'it then takes a more detailed look into the
activities of the accused, sometimes with the help of
another of her group. The accuser is obliged to com-
plete her investigation and be ready to render a
conclusive decision for the mujahidin on its arrival
These judgments are often hasty and the was'it
information incomplete. Worse, the accused is rarely
informed of the investigation so has little or no
chance to defend himself.

When the mujahidin arrive on the scene, the
was' it presents the information she has been able to
gather, as well as her evaluation of the situation. The
mujahidin make contact with the accused and brief
him about the investigation and its outcome. This is
usually a total surprise to the hunter. Those whose
methods are found acceptable rarely hear from Al
Shurta again, adding to the paranoia and mistrust
that the groups engender. The guilty are usually
given a chance to repent. Turning down this oppor-
tunity results in a death sentence. Most hunters
found guilty put up a fight whether given the chance
to appease their accusers are not, since they under-
stand neither the reason for Al Shurta's decision nor
its right to render one in the first place.

Of the two groups which comprise Al Shurta, the
was'its have the more scattered membership. The
only way to join is by personal endorsement from an
existing member. Naturally, an investigation ensues
before the "applicant" knows she is considered. If the
hunter is found unfit, she never finds out that the
was' its were interested in her in the first place. Those
who are accepted are initiated on a trial basis and can
become full members after a year of service. Consid-
ering the uncertain nature of the hunt, there are few
set rules. The was'its tend to live by paranoia, sus-
pecting abuse and offensive behavior almost
everywhere they look.

The mujahidin, on the other hand, are much less
selective in their membership. They are divided into
roving bands, usually of two to five kiswah, which
respond to the call of local was'its. Membership is
determined almost entirely by individual group lead-
ers. The leaders are themselves screened refully as
the was'its are. Once accepted, they are granted a
certain amount of autonomy. Since the role of the
mujahidin is to receive the was' its' judgment and carry
it out, more brawn is necessary among members than
analytical thought.

At the "head" of Al Shurta is Tarjiman220. Due to
the group's loose structure, his role is usually limited to
making sure new members are investigated thoroughly,
and to relaying communiqués from the was'its to the
mujahidin. With the wide accessibility of cellular tele-
phones, communication is quick and expedient. One

aS].


Tarjiman has put a was'it in contact with a few groups
of mujahidin, the was'it becomes capable of calling in
their services without the figurehead's assistance. So,
although Tarjiman technically runs Al Shurta, the
group's members are able to operate without much
involvement on his part. In fact, he is aware of few of
the specific cases that Al Shurta deals with, and keep-
ing a record of them to review is too dangerous to
pursue in case such documents should fall into the
hands of the authorities or monsters.

Characters in the Middle East are much more likely
to be investigated by Al Shurta than they are to be
approached to join. When introducing Al Shurta, re-
member that operating procedure is up to the particular
was' it and mujahidin group involved. Some was'its actu-
ally approach their targets and give them a chance to
justify themselves before rendering judgment, while
others turn their cases over to the mujahidin without
ever speaking to the accused. Al Shurta can increase
characters' feelings of paranoia about the world; their
fellow imbued can seem no more trustworthy than any
person or monster

JINN

Although the supernatural creatures inhabiting the
Middle East can seem as different from Western mon-
sters as the kiswah are from their brethren, they are, in
fact, very similar to the rest of the world's inhuman
inhabitants. Some are mindless drones, while others are
completely conscious and sentient, with motivations
and drives of their own.

As with any other part of the world, certain kinds
of creatures predominate the Middle East. The walk-
ing dead (Thalmudites) and spirits (Amalikites) make
up the bulk of the supernatural population, with a few
shapeshifters (Midianites) and vampires (Adites) mak-
ing up the balance. Warlocks are rarely seen, perhaps
because of Middle Eastern society's increasing disbe-
lief in magic (just one of the corrupt influences of the
Western world, purists say), and because of wizards'
skill at hiding their presence. There are some night-
mares to be found in the region, but they are often
confused with spirits.

The generic term forsupernatural creatures is jinn."
It is commonly believed that a person or creature with
supernatural powers must be inhabited by a jinn. Most
kiswah, especially those with a traditional upbringing,
start out thinking of anything that appears to second
sight as jinn and do not learn to separate monsters into
types until much later, assuming they survive at all.

THatMuDITEs

Not surprisingly, the walking dead are the most
populous of the supernatural in the Middle East. Just as
in the West, everything from decayed corpses reenact-
ing their deaths to intelligent, malevolent zombies can

be found. Being a very spiritual people, Arabs can
easily accept the idea of a loved one surviving a
grievous injury or returning to them from near or
certain death. This acceptance gives the newly deada
lot of chances to insinuate themselves into the popu-
lation and start scheming. However, just as kiswah
priorities differ from those of their Western counter-
parts, Arab rots often have goals that would seem
strange to those outside the Middle East. One of the
walking dead might simply want to re-assert itself as
the head of its family, while another seeks to avenge its
death by eradicating everyone from the same ethnic
groupas its killer. The less sense these motives make to
normal people, the more difficult it is for the charac-
ters to deal with the creatures.

And yet, don't neglect the presence of shamblers
in your chronicle just because of the "availability" of
sentient rots in the region. These simple drones make
up the majority of the walking dead and you can give
them as much oras little intelligence as they require to
hide within humanity. A garbage collector needs only
to know how to walk his route and empty the barrels
along the way. Asa rot with supernatural strength, he
is a dangerous combatant to face. But can kiswah just
let him keep doing his job, knowing that he could
become violent at any moment? If they decide to
destroy him, how do they do so without attracting
attention? How do they keep people from asking ques-
tions about his absence?

The existence of jinn is an accepted part of Arab
folklore and Islam, but the walking dead are poorly
understood. One of the few traditional points of
agreement regarding jinn is that although they are
not necessarily malevolent, they should be avoided.
The creatures are believed to be extremely power-
ful, but their natural place is not on earth. Any
zombie encountered might therefore be considered
a traveler or of incomprehensible motives, and best
avoided or dispensed with. It's unlikely for one of
the Thalmudites to play on the emotions of former
loved ones' when those people are more likely to
send the being on with a prayer for its safe journey
than to actually listen to it.

In recent months, some kiswah have reported
encounters with exceptionally potent and vigorous
Thalmudites. The beings seem, for all intents and
purposes, alive and well, except that close inspec-
tion proves them better off in the earth. And yet
these beings walk and even breathe, going about
business that evades hunter understanding. If these
creatures are so potent, why immerse themselves in
humanity so thoroughly and yet wreak so little
damage or cause so little harm to the unwitting
masses? Some kiswah who have dared Spea eak with
these lingering beings describe them as "more alive
than even the living," as if the beings exceed life,
death and immortality.


Amauixires

Spirits come in a close second to the walking dead
in terms of their numbers. In fact, one could say that
there are more spirits, since each Thalmudites is argu-
ably a ghost trapped inside a body. The term "Amalikites"
generally refers to those spirits that have not taken

permanent form. Many cities in the Middle East have
old, worn-down districts, which make perfect breeding
grounds for ghosts and goblins. Arab ghosts tend to be
extremely curious and can be observed by hunters
watching ot harassing normal people for lack of any-
thing better to do.

If your main antagonist or antagonists are not
Thalmudites, ghosts can be used to set a tone of your
chronicle, in keeping with Hunter's predilection to-
ward spirits as the primary enemy of the imbued.
Ghosts are everywhere, popping up when characters
least expect (and want) them to. Spirits and polter-
geists enhance the fear of hunting because the imbued
could join the beings after death. The ghosts of the
newly dead may in some cases seek to help characters,
perhaps in return for taking care of a loved one or for
the return of some cherished item. Of course, kiswah
have no reason to trust these spirits and can easily
believe that some kind of deception is involved. Spir-
its also make good minor guides and can complicate
the characters' ethical views on the supernatural —
ghosts don't have to be malicious or even threatening.

Tales of possession are not unusual in the Middle
East. A certain part of the population readily accepts
the idea that a spirit can take over someone's body.
Even more believable is the idea that a ghost can
control physical objects, although such acts are often
limited to poltergeist-like effects (flipping light switches
and pushing over potted plants). Many believe that the
spirits who inhabit houses are kindly jinn, and people
are not terribly disconcerted by objects' tendency to
move or fall off tables. These spirits are accepted as
protectors of house and family, and some residents may
actually try to defend the ghosts from kiswah who wish
to see the spirits banished.

Note that although kiswah rarely recognize night-
mares (goblins) as distinct ftom possessing spirits,
nightmares are mechanically the same as those found in
the Storytellers Companion. The only type of monster
more rare than a goblin is a warlock, so be careful not to
use too many of these creatures. Their presence in the
Middle East is minimal. Introducing a nightmare just
for the sake of throwing in another monster type may
complicate your chronicle unnecessarily.

Abives

Of all the supernatural creatures in the Middle
East, vampires tend to be the oldest and most power-
ful. This is because the weak among their ranks are
either quickly weeded out or journey elsewhere to
avoid the oppressive presence of Al Ha'it. This also

CHAPTER 6: A BRAVE NEW WOR


HUNTER: HOLY WAR

means that their gross numbers are small and that each
bloodsucker's influence is limited to an area that it and
its servants can overs

Be careful using too many vampires in a Middle
Eastern chronicle. For all their power, these creatures'
small numbers keep them from maintaining the kind of
presence found outside the Arab world. Middle Eastern
vampires must be content with less control over people
and territory than creatures of equivalent power could
attain elsewhere. As a result, most of these creatures
have some kind of specific tie to their surroundings,
such as ancestry or plans they cannot carry out any-
where else. It's also difficult to recruit new vampires to
their cause, since disappearances of people are noticed
by their communities, and the disappearances of lesser
leeches are noticed quickly by those bloodsuckers' cre-
ators. Furthermore, the consumption of blood is strictly
prohibited in both Islam and Judaism, so newly created
vampires can seek to destroy themselves or starve before
accepting their new existence, especially if they were
strong in faith before undeath.

Those leeches that manage to endure find great
difficulty in acclimating themselves to their new exist-
ence. Al Ha'it's continuous presence weighs heavily
upon them, and these creatures are likely to lose their
focus or temper with little provocation. In addition, it
is challenging for them to find victims from which to
draw blood without endangering themselves. Although
areas of squalor and poverty exist in the Middle East,
even the most run-down refugee camp is acommunity.
The mysterious death or injury of several individuals
draws considerable attention. In order to prevail, a
newly made vampire must either travel far and fast or
must band together with established undead, learning
their tricks and gaining access to a large territory from
which to feed.

Mibianives

Shapeshifters are rarely observed in the Arab world.
Those hunters who do encounter them do not usually live
to tell the tale. Most hide in isolated villages or among
Bedouin tribes. These skinchangers are just as dangerous
as their Western kin, possessing the ability to assume a
fearsome battle form and the ability to perform magic.

Due to the strong sense of community and family in
the Middle East, those shapeshifters who breed with
humans become sedentary and found extended families
of their kind. Normally, only one in four (or fewer)
family members are true shapeshifters, while the others
are simply humans with a weak investment of super-
natural powers. All are considered family and important,
though, and all appear "wrong" to second sight.

One interesting feature of shapeshifter families
that their close proximity and tendency to intermarry
has produced a large number of genetically inbred
creatures. Though not necessarily true shapeshifters,
these creatures tend to be visibly deformed and may be
of lower than average intelligence. They are the shame

of their kind, Unmerciful patriarchs may ostracize
them. from their communities completely. Other
skinchangers ot family members may treat these be-
ings as they would a retarded child, although the
fouled offspring are often much more capable than
their relatives admit. These twisted creatures may
venture out of the protection of their communities and
try to live among the normal population.

Warriors of rue Fair

Although the Middle East's version of the Word
creates seemingly optimal conditions for hunters to
share and gather information, the very nature of the
region works against this advantage. Arabs and Israelis
are particularly proud of their heritage, faith and ideol-
ogy, often at the expense of any hope of solidarity. Ifleft
alone, these groups isolate themselves from each other
on point of pride.

The following individuals recognize the dangers of
a fractionalized front and serve as pinions for the kiswah
community, seeking to gather hunters under a common
banner — any banner. Theits is a difficult task, for they
must often fight or support old hatreds, including their
own, and play conciliator for disparate factions. Worse
yet, any hint of affiliation with one group automatically
places these mediators at odds with others. And yet they
continue at great risk to themselves, because nobody
else will do it or because they believe they're best suited
for the job. Either way, the following hunters' influence
earns them mention here.

Tansinan220

Farid Ishaq never saw himself as a great man des-
tined for anything other than quiet anonymity. Born
into a wealthy Riyadh family of bankers, Farid thrived
under a progressive Saudi father and his cosmopolitan
Lebanese mother. While Arabic remained the tongue
of the household, Mrs. Ishaq also taught her three
children English and French, knowing either would
serve as the language of international commerce. Farid's
brothers followed in their father's footsteps, adopting
his business savvy and working at the family bank, but
Farid adopted his mother's demeanor. He proved eru-
dite, cultured and a polyglot, grasping many different
languages easily. He spoke French, English and Arabic
fluently, and understood Spanish and Tagalog (the
Philippine's official tongue) from his Filipino nanny by
the age of 13. While his brothers attended the presti-
gious King Saud University, Farid studied at the
American University of Beirut and at the University of
Paris for his masters and doctorate. He returned to Saudi
Arabia, already in demand for his grasp of English and
French. By that point, he understood several languages
and dialects easily.

Farid served as one of Riyadh's chief translators
and interpreters for the business community. He
helped finalize deals and contracts between local


companies and international customers, and even
attended trade shows on behalf of clients. His expe-
rience and quiet manner eventually earned him a
spot in the interpreter's booth for a convention on
international commerce hosted in Riyadh. During
one presentation, when an American broker spoke to.
the Arab delegation, Farid heard the speaker's voice
emerge dry and gravely, as if the man's vocal chords
were on the verge of snapping. Worse yet, Farid heard
what the American said, but he also heard the lies in
his voice. Words like "investors" sounded like "vic-
tims" and "partnership" was "rape." Then a voice in
Farid's headset roared, "THE LANGUAGE OF LIES."
Farid excused himself under the pretense of illness
and left a number of delegates oblivious to the decep-
tions being preached at them by the thing that spoke.

Farid regrets his cowardice for not doing more.
When the convention ended, some attendees spoke of
the American's speech and their willingness to invest
with the broker and his clients. Farid could hear the
greed in their voices, their eagerness to sell out their
own people for a promise of wealth. He realized they
seemed stricken by a frenzied avarice. That is, those
who could understand the speech were influenced.
Those who relied upon Farid to translate it were spared
by his quick decision to abandon his post and refuse to
spread the "language of lies."

Despite sparing some diplomats from deceit that
day, Farid swore afterward that he would never allow
someone else to suffer because of his inaction. He
would observe and learn about this new world as he
had the false one, but he would commit himself when
the moment demanded action. Perhaps as a result of
that determination, Farid dedicated his time to sup-
porting the cause, and he listened more to those he
once ignored. He initially relied solely on kufic script

to communicate, because it felt like an extension of
his culture and thus comfortable. Over a few months,
however, his work allowed him relatively inexpen-
sive access to the Internet, through which he
discovered hunter-net. The thing that impressed him
most about this endeavor was Westerners' ability to
form communities regardless of prior affiliations.
Farid, posting as Tarjiman220, wrote at length to
Witness] many times on this issue, during which
Witness asked Tarjiman to compile a primer on the
hunt in the Middle East.

Work on the document took months to organize,
during which time Farid adopted "Tarjiman" as his alias
in both cultures. During the process, he relied on his
closest allies, but made more friends (and enemies) in
the endeavor. The primer grew beyond its original
mandate and slowly served as a rallying point. Many
kiswah desperately wanted to belong to something —
anything — that would give them purpose or an outlet
for their new existence. They thrust Tarjiman into the
role of leader.

If being imbued isn't frightening and confusing
enough, Tarjiman finds himself in an odd predica-
ment. He believes kiswah can benefit from Westerners'
example of solidarity, but sees himself as only an
interpreter between East and West (the unassuming
role with which he's most comfortable). He never
imagined himself a leader or rallying point, and
believes the charismatic al-Amin better suited for
the role. But because no one gives him the chance to
say no and because he's afraid to let people down
again, Tarjiman accepts his role with some discom-
fort. He finds he must surrender personal opinion and
even passions to better play the statesmen. Fortu-
nately, he enjoys the friendship of al-Amin and the
grudging support of Fatwa243, both of whom possess
a strong following of their own.

PROFILE

Creed: Judgment

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence (Insightful) 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics (History) 3, Alertness 2, Aware-
ness 2, Bureaucracy 1, Computer 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Finance 1, Firearms 1, Leadership 1, Linguistics 4,
Melee 2, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Destiny 2, Re-
sources 3

Edges: (Judgment) Discern, Burden, Condemn; (De-
fense) Ward; (Redemption) Bluster, Insinuate
Mercy: 3, Vision: 0, Zeal: 7, Conviction: 3, Willpower: 5
Derangement: Indecision (Hunter Book: Judge, p. 75)

Farwa243

There are few memories in Rafiq al-Isfahani's
history that he'd call pleasant. The Cairo of his


childhood was every bit as polluted and overcrowded
as the bustling city of today. He lived between the

open gray skies, filled with the smog of vehicle ex-
haust, and the soot-covered ground. Rafiq and his
family were occasional squatters then, earning enough
money to live in an apartment for a few months at a
time before his father's drug addiction forced them to

move. They stayed atop building rooftops, in mauso-
leums and even in the homes of vacationing families
for days at a time before picking up. They scavenged
food from piles of garbage often left exposed to the
hot sun for weeks, and stole from vendors at the local
bazaars. By the age of seven, Rafiq and his gang of
friends would swarm tourists for money and pick their
pockets. He'd also let men "touch him" for five
Egyptian pounds ($2 U.S.). By 10, he was robbing
graves for valuables and selling fresh cadavers to
criminals who sold them to medical students at Cairo
University. Rafiq might have lived and died in this
miserable life, except...

Rafiq's mother, the sole anchor of his life, was
dying of lung cancer thanks to Cairo's pollution,
while his father spent his days and meager earnings
on hashish. Knowing her son would probably perish
on the streets, Rafiq's mother approached the Makram
Madrasa, a small and charitable Islamic school, and
pleaded with the family patriarch Sharif Makram to
care for her son. He eventually agreed and Rafiq
entered the school as domestic help, where he worked
by day and learned by night. It wasn't a glamorous
life, and Rafiq often endured beatings for his disre-
spectful tongue, but he eventually accepted the
Makrams as family. In turn, Sharif Makram, an ex-
officer who once served with the local British army,
kept Rafiq under stringent discipline while teaching
him the Koran, Humanities and English

When Rafiq was old enough, Sharif even pulled
strings with friends at the British embassy to get him
work. Rafiq's grasp of English became near fluent, as
did his hatred for the English and Americans. All his
life, he'd seen how Western tourists looked down on
Arabs, how Cairo's government kowtowed to foreign-
ers, and how outsiders plundered Egypt's rich heritage.
Working at the embassy only enforced those views.
Still, Rafiq stayed with the consulate because the pay
was good, and he continued learning things he some-
times preferred not to.

One afternoon, an explosion rocked the embassy.
The car bomb never made it past the reinforced gates,
butit still shattered windows for several blocks around.
Dead and dying lay strewn about the road when Rafiq
arrived. Smoke drifted through the streets like a thick
blanket. Surviving British soldiers fired on a man
advancing toward them. Rafiq saw and heard what he
still believes were the spirits of the angry dead pointing
and wailing at the juggernaut. That's when Rafiq saw
the hollowed-out eyes and decaying flesh of this beast.
Rafiq leapt into the fray while the rot killed the last of
the soldiers.

Rafiq counts his blessings from that day. The explo-
sion knocked out the consulate's cameras and the smoke
kept most witnesses from seeing the battle. Those who
did witness it appeared to suffer from an odd amnesia,
leaving Rafiq's actions a secret. He also explained his
injuries away as a result of the explosion, though his
emergence into the hunter community forced him to
quit the British consulate for fear that his nature would
eventually be uncovered.

Since that time, Rafiq, as Fatwa243, has become
instrumental in local efforts against the akhira. His
adopted father had already taught him to fight, and
even now it takes little coaxing from Rafiq to convince
the old veteran to regale him with war stories. Rafiq
learns many lessons in this fashion, and what he can't
learn covertly he asks his friends in the Muslim Broth-
erhood. Meanwhile, Rafiq often enjoys the patronage of
tich kiswah who hire him to train them or help deal with
daunting monsters. In this manner, Rafiq becomes
increasingly familiar with the Middle East's bla
ket trade.

At-Jazinn

Few hunters know the Visionary al-Jazear (the
Butcher), and even less so by name. His voice oc

sionally emerges in the kufic script with warnings and
omens. He spoke during the great convention, some of
his thoughts finding their way into the transcripts of
the Dho ‘l-Nun and al-Hallaj factions. He railed against
Hajirah252 and Tarjiman220, warning them of the
Mosque of Webs. Hajirah and Tarjiman were right to
fear his words, He represents a growing band of hereti-
cal kiswah allying under the banner of this spider
prophet. This lot of acolytes believes it has discovered


the "true path," thanks to al-Jazzar's charisma. Little
do they know that their prophet is equally lost. In
seeking out the horizon, he has forgotten his way back
and the very reason why he underwent his journey in
the first place. He believes he has found truth again in
the Mosque of Webs.

ALJazzar is on the verge of becoming infamous
among kiswah if only because he's uncovered a terrible
new gift upon hitting the pinnacle of "understanding"
asa Visionary. He's learned how to transmit portions of
his terrible dreams to other kiswah through the kufic
script, and already torments other hunters with dreams
of the mosque. This effect of his influence spreads
slowly. Unless stopped, al-Jazzar could afflict many of
the Middle East's kiswah with a mental illness, forcing
the remaining few to rely on outside help to deal with
him and his movement


\

What Monsters Lurk...

Hunters may have been exposed to the truth of the
world — that monsters exist — but they know very
little about what stalks the night. Every hunter must
answer the call in his own way, according to his own
values and beliefs. What other choice does he have?
But what if a radically different outlook made the
hunt a radically different reality? What if you could
make the hunt your own?

la the Cradle of Civilization?

Hunter: Holy War invites you to travel
: to the Fertile Crescent — the Middle
East and Egypt — to discover
what beasts lurk even under the
desert sun. Whether your
hunter travels to this foreign
land or is the desert's son,
learn how different
cultures answer the call
and how their hunt is
different from that of
the West. Discover
how you can define
the hunt.

Wz DUM Wael Cou

THE RECKONING
