# File: Hong Kong by Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

WOKLD OF DARKNESS:

)

‘ as yan
y\*
bn


WORLD OF DARKNESS:

BY JACKIE CASSADA AND NICKY REA


A_A4_A A A A A A A A A A A A _A A _A_A_A

Wy

a
CREDITS

| Authors: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea
Additional Material and Accuracy Consultation:
Chris Parsons and Sarah Clark
| Developer: Robert Hatch
Editor: Allison Sturms
Art Director: Lawrence Snelly
| Layout and Typesetting: Robby Poore
Front Cover: Jay Geldhof
Back Cover: Jason Felix
Interior Art: Jason Felix, Michael Gaydos, Karl
Kerchell, Robby Poore, Matthew Roach, Ron Spencer,
Melissa Uran

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Witt WoLFL USA
GAME STUDIO
© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trade-
marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West,
Kindred of the East, World of Darkness, and World of
Darkness Hong Kong are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White

| Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-

mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at:

j http://www.white-wolf.com, alt.games.whitewolf
| and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

2 = vvevevvvvvvvvvvpevvveeéiwvypeéiéilqwyétiey
2 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


W.o.D. : Hong Kong by Night

>>>>> Scanned by Bata <<<<<
Edited by Dr Zoydberg.
Compressed by Nellie the Elephant.

A special release for the dc++ hub
named RPG BOOKZ & SCANS

available at this only adress :
rpgbookz.dyndns.org

Please Share me |!!!

10 September 2002 !!!

; =)

A _A A A A A A _A__A_A _A__A __A _A A __A__A __A_A

wORLE 0 F 0A Deed OD

CHAPTER ONE: IN THE DRAGONS' WARE 1 i
CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL 10
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK 26
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN 34
CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG 124
APPENDIX: WHISPERED WISDOM 146

|
|
|
|
|
CONTENTS
|
|
|
|
|

e
rvvevevovvvvvrevvrevrvvrvevvyveveigywyéivyv =


I

a EEG
K an

me EZ

ZEB


4_A_A

ES re te A ) rr ee a ie ||

A_A _A _A _A _A __A_A _A_A_A _A _A_A__A_A_A

CHAPTER ONE:
INTHE DRAGONS'

WAKE

On July 1, 1997, the British Crown Colony of Hong
Kong reverted to the People's Republic of China. Hong Kong
became a Special Administrative Region (SAR) of China,
theoretically able to retain the laws, culture and lifestyle it
had held under the British. Some residents saw this change
in government as the just restoration of China's territorial
rights. Others eyed the Chinese occupation warily, fearing a
loss of rights and, in some cases, personal freedoms and
fortunes.

For the supernatural denizens of the W orld of Darkness, the

repossession of Hong Kong signifies more than just a transfer of

power. Some wanderers of the night say the reversion of Hong
Kong to its place in the Middle Kingdom portends a larger shift
in the Great Cycle of Being — one that will unleash a whirlwind
of chaos and carnage on East and West alike.

THEME

The tripartite themes of uncertainty, risk and fatalism
reflect the changes afoot in Hong Kong and, by extension, in
the Middle Kingdom, or World of Darkness Asia. A cosmic
cycle winds down to its inevitable and recurrent end, rolling
from the current Fifth Age of the world to the catastrophic
Sixth. The exact time of the transition between Ages is a
matter for speculation and prophesy. Gambling and risk-
taking are endemic to Hong Kong — from multibillionaires
to boat people, everyone plays the odds. Now the stakes are

higher than they have ever been. Above all, however, looms
the sense that the gods have already written the future in the
stars, in the bamboo sticks, and in the turning of the Wheel
of the Ages. This paradox — that nothing is certain, yet
everything transpires according to the celestial patterns —
makes life for supernaturals and mortals a constant mystery
and a never-ending game of chance.

MOOD

Hong Kong attracts the exotic, the strange, the bizarre
and the supernatural. Here, at the gateway to the East, the
lines between this world and the spirit worlds blur. Belief in
the existence of celestial and infernal creatures is normal.
Dragons sleep in the earth, ghosts watch over their living
relatives, shapechangers and spirit beings mingle with mor-
tals in the crowded streets. Kuei-jin vampires stalk their prey
amid the clamor of Hong Kong's endless nightlife, while
sorcerers and mystic warriors strive to slow down or speed up
the turning of the Wheel.

Though Hong Kong is historically part of the Middle
Kingdom, the influx of Westerners — including supernatural
beings — over the last century and a half has left an indelible
mark on the island and its neighboring territories. Western and
Eastern cultures exist in an uneasy balance. Unlike the perfect

symmetry of Yin and Yang, values and philosophies face off

against one another, vying for precedence.

vvvv vT VY WY VY WY WY WY WY WY WY WY W WY WW

CHAPTER ONE: IN THE DRAGONS' WAKE

"ay

7 ey


A__A_A A A A _A_ A _A_A A _A__A_A _A_A__A_A_A__A__A_

While Western vampires strive to keep their presence
hidden from the mortals around them, their Eastern cousins do
not recognize the necessity for an elaborate Masquerade. Mor-
tals suspect their existence but believe that it is only "natural"
for the unnatural to have a place in the scheme of things.

SN

This awareness extends to all of Hong Kong's supernatural
denizens. Unlike their counterparts in Europe and the Ameri-
cas, these beings align themselves by common interests and
allegiances rather than by "species." The enmity between Kin-
dred and werewolves, socommon inthe West, has little meaning
for the Kuei-jin and the hengeyokai of the East. The dividing
lines that create enemies and make companions or co-conspira-
tors are determined instead by the particular goals and factions
of the supernatural beings in question.

For Western supernaturals, this creates a confusing and
often disturbing ambiance. The old standards for judging in
whom to trust and who to watch out for no longer serve to
distinguish friend from foe.

HOW TO USETHIS BOOK

World of Darkness: Hong Kong offers a unique oppor-
tunity for storytelling. In addition to information on the
history and geography of one of the world's most puzzling and
exotic locales, this sourcebook provides the means for Story-
tellers and players to participate in a chronicle that touches
on all facets of supernatural existence.

Each chapter focuses on a particular aspect of Hong
Kong, Kowloon and the New Territories, giving historical
perspectives, geographical information, and descriptions of
some of the prominent "movers and shakers" in the region.
In addition, this book provides a complete story that illus-
trates the intricate interplay among the living, the dead and
the undead in Hong Kong.

"Chapter One: In the Dragons' Wake" serves as an
introduction to World of Darkness: Hong Kong, setting the
stage through mood, theme and local color. A list of helpful
(or just interesting) references gives Storytellers and players
directions on where to go to embellish the details presented
here. A lexicon of terms used throughout this book also
appears in this chapter.

"Chapter Two: The Turning of the Wheel" chronicles
the history of Hong Kong in the present (Fifth) Age, from its
earliest inhabitants to the coming of Western trade and
eventual ownership. Since the mortal realm intersects
with the spirit worlds, the mythic history of Hong Kong
occupies equal prominence with mundane affairs.
Sidebars highlight cultural and philosophical topics.
A section on current events discusses the recent
transfer of power from Britain to the People's Re-
public of China and the implications for the mortal
and supernatural communities.
"Chapter Three: Atop the Dragon's Back"
details the local geography, describing the major
regions of Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the

\\
\

\\
VN

N
%®
\

6 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

vvovvivivvovwvwvwvevyewyéeé$w'eywyseVvVPGi'7'wvyéesé$=peéséYV'VYPW'YWvYYWvY iY

New Territories. The sights, sounds, textures and atmosphere of
HongKong come to life here. Hong Kongattracts large numbers
of visitors each year; this chapter explains where they go, what
they see and what they do when they get there.

"Chapter Four: The Spirits' Children" introduces the major
inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom. The change in rulership of
the former British colony has catapulted Eastern supernaturals
into prominence, but a few Western Kindred, werewolves and
other magical creatures remain, for they are reluctant to leave the
land that has been their home. Here the readercan meet vampires
from both East and West, Garou and other members of the
Changing Breeds, wraiths who serve the Dark Kingdom of Jade,
as well as those few allied with Stygia, and changelings from both
sides of the sunrise. In addition, the war for Ascension reaches new
heights, as Traditions and Technocracy find their allegiances are
not as clear as they once were. Even stranger creatures make their
homes in Hong Kong; a pair of mummies watch events unfold

from the sidelines — unprepared, despite their vast stores of

knowledge — for the roles they are to play in the turning of the
Wheel of the Ages. And yes, here be dragons....

"Chapter Five: Dragon of the Night" brings together the
major elements of the preceding chapters in a story that
combines several aspects of World of Darkness Asia. Begin-
ning in the Dark Kingdom of Jade with the loss of a powerful
artifact, the story breaks through the Wall between the living
and the dead, threading its way through the mortal world
until it reaches its conclusion in the Yin and Yang Worlds.

"Appendix: Whispered Wisdom" details information
on the spirit realms of the Middle Kingdom and how super-
natural creatures can travel between them and the material
world. Furthermore, this section details the real secrets
behind events in the story.

BACKGROUND MATERIALS

Storytellers wishing to embellish the information in this
book can take advantage of numerous resources available in
libraries and bookstores. A few helpful titles appear below.

FICTION

The Last Six Million Seconds, by John Burdett, is a murder
mystery that captures the tension and intrigue accompany-
ing the transfer of power. Extremely graphic scenes of violence,
while gruesome, bring a dark realism to the novel. Last Year
in Hong Kong, by Robert Elegant, provides a poignant de-
scription of an impossible love affair against the background
of imminent political change. Kowloon Tong, by Paul Theroux,
offers an introspective and broodingly cautionary tale about
the tribulations of foreigners who elect to remain in Hong
Kong. Hong Kong, China, by Ralph Arnote, provides a
typical "blockbuster" approach to current events (complete
with bad love scenes). Tai-Pan and Noble House, by James
Clavell, cover Hong Kong's history during its founding and
the 1960s with the author's characteristic panoramic touch.

vvvviv vv Vv VY VY VY WY WV WY WY WV WY W WW

CHAPTER ONE: IN THE DRAGONS' WAKE


ahh

NONFICTION

Guidebooks are not just for tourists anymore. Many
excellent travel guides depict Hong Kong and its surround-
ings. Of particular note, Travellers' Tales: Hong Kong and
Travellers' Tales of Old Hong Kong present essays on life,
geography and culture rather than the straightforward "go
here, do this" approach of standard travel literature. Fodor's
Citypack: Hong Kong provides information about the region
in condensed form, while other travel guides such as the
Insight Guides: Hong Kong, Frommer's Hong Kong, and Fodor' s
97: Hong Kong explore the area in greater depth.

Other nonfiction titles shed light on both China and Hong
Kong from decidedly Western perspectives. Hong Kong, by Jan
Morris, demonstrates an insightful (though somewhat dated)
assessment of Hong Kong's vigor and sordidness. China, Hong
Kong, Taiwan, Inc., by Willem van Kemenade, provides an up-
to-date evaluation of the impact of Chinese consolidation over
their old territories. City on the Rocks, by Kevin Rafferty, while
written almost 10 years ago, depicts the history of Hong Kong
and looks guardedly forward to what is now the present. Fragrant
Harbor: Early Photographs of Hong Kong, by John Warner, brings
to life the buildings and people of 19th-century Hong Kong.

Books on traditional Chinese topics such as feng shui, the
I Ching, martial arts and Chinese mythology abound. Most
libraries have at least a few of each. Don't forget to check out
the children's sections for Chinese folk tales and myths.

FILMS

Hong Kong has been the hub for the martial-arts film
industry for many years. The films of Bruce Lee and Jackie
Chan, besides their obvious cult appeal, often feature Hong
Kong settings. Any Hong Kong films directed by John Woo
are also a must. Dragon, the life story of Bruce Lee, has some
stunning harbor scenes and provides a glimpse of life in the
frantic and effusive Hong Kong of the 1970s, as does the
James Bond movie The Man with the Golden Gun.

WORLD OF DARKNESS RESOURCE MATERIAL

This is a World of Darkness sourcebook, containing
information from all five lines of the Storyteller System.
Storytellers and players can benefit from any or all of the
following rulebooks and supplements: Vampire: The Mas-
querade, Kindred of the East, Werewolf: The Apocalypse,
Mage: The Ascension, Wraith: The Oblivion, Changeling:
The Dreaming, A World of Darkness 2nd Edition, Dark
Kingdom of Jade, and Mummy 2nd Edition. In addition,
information on Hong Kong and Eastern supernaturals can be
found in Bastet, The Book of Crafts and the forthcoming
Hengeyokai and Demon Hunter X.

LEXICON

The following terms are used throughout this supple-
ment. Additional words and phrases may be found in Kindred
of the East, Dark Kingdom of Jade and other upcoming
Eastern supplements.

Amah: a female housekeeper or servant

Ancestor: roughly equivalent to a "prince"

Cathayan vampire: Eastern vampire (see Kuei-jin)

Cheongsam: Chinese-style dress, fitted to outline the
body and with a long slit up the side

Chi: the mystical energy of the Great Cycle

Chop: A personal seal or stamp depicting a Chinese
character or two that sound like a person's name. Each is
unique and difficult to forge. They are often used in place of,
or along with, personal signatures.

Dai pai dong: a street stall that sells food or snacks

Dragon boat: A long, narrow boat that holds several
oarsmen. Usually decorated to resemble a dragon, the crafts
are used in the races on Dragon Boat Day.

Feng shui: literally, "wind and water"; geomantic art

that specializes in the proper and auspicious alignment of

buildings, graves, and interiors

COMMON PHRASES

Cantonese Mandarin English

nei ho ma Ni hao How are you?

m'goy ching Xiexie Thank you

nei gwei sing ah? Nin jiao shenme mingze What is your name?
or sing... wo jiao... My name is...

joy gin zai jian Good-bye

cheung mun, gay dim le? Zhege duoshao qian? How much does it cost?
deui mjyuh Duibugi I'm sorry

Heung gong Hong Kong

Gau luhng Kowloon

San gaai The New Territories
Saan deng The Peak

Cheung wan Central

Seal sam Danger/beware

Lay say yun You're a dead man
Gow men ah! Help

vvvvyvy iv
HONG KONG BY NIGHT

vvvvvyvvyvvyv v VY WY WY WWW

A__A_A_A _A_A A __A_A_A_A_A__A _A _A__A__A__A__A_A_


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A__A_A_A__A_A_A

Gaido: motorized sampans used as water-taxis to ferry
passengers, usually used to take passengers from Kowloon to
the outer islands such as Lamma and Lantau

Godown: warehouse

Gweilo: "Ghost man." A term used by the Chinese to
identify all Westerners (much like the term "paleface").
Once a derogatory term, it is now accepted as a word that
identifies non-Asians.

Hengeyokai: shapeshifters

Hong: a major company

Hukou: a permit that designates where someone is to
live

Joss Sticks: incense

Junk: Large boat with a high deck, flat bottom and
overhanging stern. Fitted with triangular sails, usually color-
ful. The boat most identified with China (along with dragon
boats). Though usually confined to coastal sailing, they are
seaworthy, if slow.

Kapoo Gwei: vampire (any)

Kin-jin: Western vampires

Kuei-jin: Eastern vampires

Kumo: goblin spiders

Mahjong: A Chinese game played with tiles. Fortunes
can be won or lost playing mahjong. Many citizens of Hong
Kong are addicted to the game.

very:

rey

Middle Kingdom: World of Darkness Asia

Morlau: Literally, "black ghost." (All people outside of
Cantonese lands were thought to be ghosts, hence the term.)
It is like the word gweilo, but morlau denotes a brown or black
stranger (non-Chinese) rather than a Caucasian.

Pat kwa: Colorful octagonal mirrors placed in
windowsills or hung outside windows; the superstitious be-
lieve that they protect occupants by deflecting or repelling
evil through the mirrors' reflections. (Bruce Lee's pat kwa was
blown away by Typhoon Dot; Hong Kong believers think he
thus became vulnerable to evil spirits seeking his powerful
Chi and died.)

P'o: the inner Beast (for Kuei-jin), the Shadow (for
Eastern wraiths)

Samfoo: black pajama-like clothing associated with the
Hakka people and many peasant Chinese

Sampan: small, flat-bottomed boat, often used as a taxi
to ferry people about the harbor and to the boats in the
typhoon shelter

Shen: supernatural creatures

Snake-head: someone who smuggles illegal immigrants

Tai-pan: Boss of a major company. Gweilo became
particularly attached to this designation.

Yin: passive principle, entropy, darkness

Yang: active principle, light, creativity

Wy
AS

"a

vvrvveivvv vv VY WY WY WY WY WY W WY W YW

CHAPTER ONE: IN THE DRAGONS' WAKE

ou



*t EO

OU ———

_ > a =~

A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER TWO:
THE TURN

OF THE

WHEE

Squeezed between giant antagonists crunching huge bones of

contention... [Hong Kong] has achieved within its own narrow
territories a co-existence which is baffling, infuriating, incompre-
hensible and works splendidly — on borrowed time in a borrowed

place.

— Han Suyin

TELLING THE TALE OF AGES

To speak of the history of Hong Kong is to speak of the
history of China in microcosm. Though claimed by the
British throughout most of its modern existence, this small
and to the

region remains essentially Chinese in character
inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom, myth is often more
reliable than history. History, after all, is written by the
winners and, therefore, is seldom true; myth is written from
the heart by dreamers and poets, and sometimes by the myths
themselves.

Throughout this "history" of the Middle Kingdom are
interspersed legendary or mythical events. Without the
wisdom these events impart, the background of the region
becomes mere repetition of dry facts concerning Hong Kong's
past. Do not be misled by these "real" occurrences; the shen

know which version is ultimately more important.

THE WHEEL OF AGES

Like the spokes of a great wheel, the Twelve Ages of the
world flow outward from its core or heart. All is centered in
the beginning, but as the wheel turns and a new Age begins,
so do things spin away from that center, drifting farther from
oneness into disharmony. Things become worse as the Ages
advance, turning from paradise into legend, from loss to
devastation. Yet, when the nadir is reached in the Sixth Age,
halfway around the karmic circle, the wheel begins its up-
swing again, passing from sorrow into joy and back again to
the First Age, where the Cycle begins again. All history is but
a working out of this Great Cycle, all strife a necessary
turning of the wheel. Thus, while no sane being truly wants
the death, destruction, horror and agony that the Sixth Age
promises to bring, those who understand that "this too shall
pass away" accept it and seek to fulfill their roles in the
turning of the Wheel of Ages.

vvovvrvriveveviwewywewvyevypeswvyve iv ‘YT WY W WW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

®
"Ty BO
i


4
i

A_A A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A__A_A _A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A.,_A

i

THE FIRST AGE

The First Age was not an Age at all, but a oneness of
being in a time so remote that there was no movement to the
celestial clock. Heaven's will was All, for All were One,
seamlessly melded — with no differences, no disagreements,
no tension and no strife. Yet, Heaven foresaw that for all its
unity and greatness, it lacked change against which to
measure its perfect stillness.

THE AGE OF BEAUTY

All divided and became two, opposite, yet balanced one
by the other. So began the forces of Yin and Yang. Yin
denotes the passive force that reacts to stimuli and breaks
down that which is made, while Yang is the active partner,
the force of creation. Among the shen, these forces are often
called the Ebon Dragon and the Scarlet Queen. Though Yin
is considered female, its personification is the Ebon Dragon
—he who contemplates and reflects. The Ebon Dragon is the
force of cold reason and destruction. Yang, usually consid-
ered masculine, is symbolized by the Scarlet Queen — she
who feels and initiates. The Scarlet Queen is the force of fiery
emotion and creativity.

? Game
12

With this division, each one half of the whole, each
moving in reaction to the other, the Ebon Dragon and the
Scarlet Queen joined in an eternal dance, ever circling. And
as they danced, the Wheel of Ages began to move. The
Second Age came to be. Called the Age of Beauty, it was a
time when the Ebon Dragon and Scarlet Queen began to
breathe and their breath called into being the Ten Thousand
Things — dragons, gods and spirits, who took up places in
and under the earth and among the clouds. And Heaven
smiled, for the Two did Heaven's will.

Some of the Ten Thousand whom Heaven placed in
position within the spirit worlds grew tainted, taking on an
imbalance of Yin or Yang. These creatures became demons
and monsters. Despite this change, the Second Age was
paradise.

THE AGE OF LEGENDS

With the coming of the Third Age, the Age of Legends,
the Great Cycle began to move faster. Humans came into
existence, beings of both Yin and Yang. Dragons birthed
during the Second Age lay down within the sparkling seas,

HONG KONG BY MGHT

vvvvv vv Vv WY WY WY WY WY YW WY iW VW YW W WY WY YW


A_A _A _ A A A A A A _ A A _A_A_A

creating land on which the humans could live. Kuei-jin and
other spirit guardians watched over the newly born, driving
away monsters and demons who might harm them. Yet
sometime during that age, corruption surfaced. Where hu-
mans had offered their Chi (life essence) to their guardians
in grateful recognition of their help, now those same guard-
ians stole the Chi, both that of humans and of other shen. The
spirits cried out against the theft of their Chi.

THE AGE OF BEAUTIFUL SADNESS

With that cry began the Fourth Age, known as the Age
of Beautiful Sadness, for many wondrous things passed away
from the Middle Kingdom. This Age saw the wall between
the World of Spirit and the Middle World grow thick. The
Yin and Yang Worlds separated from the Middle Kingdom.
Heaven cursed the Kuei-jin, taking from them the knowl-
edge of how to breathe and with it the ability to inhale the
Chi of the world, so that they must ever after steal their Chi
to nourish themselves. As the Ebon Dragon and the Scarlet
Queen failed to discipline their unruly children and restore
the balance, so they were also punished. The dragons who
formed the foundation of the land slid into sleep and became
imprisoned in stone. Also during the Fourth Age, the
Cathayan Five Courts and Hundred Corpse Families were
born, and Cathayan civilization developed its essential char-
acter.

THE AGE OF DARKNESS

Some 500 years ago, the sages say, the Fifth Age began.
Roughly corresponding to the coming of Western barbarians
and the opening up of China, this modern era is known as the
Age of Darkness. It marks a decided decline in the fortunes
of both mortals and shen. Traditional values and beliefs have
fallen into disrespect, shen refuse openly to perform their
duties, and Chi is corrupted or destroyed. Greed, competi-
tion, ruthlessness and self-aggrandizement at the expense of
all others skip hand-in-hand with repression, rage, anxiety
and hatred. The Wheel turns; few doubt that the Sixth Age
is almost upon us.

THE AGE OF SORROW

The lowest point on the Great Wheel, the Sixth Age, is
called the Age of Sorrow. Many shen believe that the Sixth
Age will be a time of titanic upheaval, an apocalypse of
unbelievable proportions. Monstrous Yama Kings and their
demon minions will arise to rule over this violent and terrible
time, slaying wantonly, draining away the land's Chi and
issuing in a reign of darkness and terror. Some shen believe
that the Yin and Yang Worlds will reunite with the Middle

Kingdom, with dragons and spirits once again free to walk
the world. Those who believe so also look for this time to
begin the turning of the Wheel back to the positive, moving
it into an upswing to a better Seventh Age, then an Eighth,
and so on, back to the First Age and unity again.

Other shen are not so optimistic. They believe that the
weight of disorder in the world will slow the Wheel so much
that it will stop turning altogether, grinding to a halt before
it can climb back to the zenith. Thus, the Middle Kingdom
will come to an end, with matter and spirit forever sundered.

Whatever happens, though, the Wheel moves. The
passage of the Ages is inevitable. Whether it brings apoca-
lypse or salvation, none can say; they can only accept it, for
that is the way of the world.

RELIGION AND SUPERSTITION

To understand the culture of Hong Kong requires an
understanding of the philosophies and schools of thought
that shaped China. Hong Kong has three major Chinese or
Eastern religions — Taoism, Confucianism and Buddhism
—as well as Christianity (Catholic and almost all Protestant
denominations), Judaism, Islam and other Oriental faiths.
Some have few adherents, but all are tolerated and granted
religious freedom — thus far.

Most of Hong Kong's people practice the three tradi-
tional Chinese religions. Hong Kong boasts hundreds of
temples and shrines, located in the streets, countryside and
even homes. Many folk practice more than one faith —
attending Mass, for example, before burning incense and
having their fortunes told in a Taoist temple. Further, there
is a cross-pollination, as Buddhist deities may be worshipped
in Taoist temples, as is the case with Kuan Yin, Buddhist
Goddess of Mercy.

Both religion and so-called superstition form patterns of
belief that provide the backdrop against which Oriental
thought can be examined. Chinese (and the people of Hong
Kong are essentially Chinese) typically adhere to value
systems that differ from their Western counterparts. Many of
the same things are important to them (wealth, happiness,
physical well-being), but other concerns — personal honor,
fulfilling one's Dharma, providing for one's family and achiev-
ing harmony, for example — have equal value and are often
little understood by gweilo (literally "ghost men," so named
because of their pale faces, for it was believed only only ghosts
lived in the lands beyond China; the word indicates someone
of Western descent).

Hong Kong's shen population embrace these beliefs
every bit as fervently as their mortal counterparts. Indeed,
many shen are even more bound up with these forces, it being
the shen's cosmic duty to assist the spirits in their tasks.

v,vv vv vvvyvvyvvyvewyesw'w,ywes'w'®ééW'w''v"y?sieWwWyéiYVYiSOYv
CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

%
%
Ry

Ve


(2

LA
ys

CAL

THE CHINESE FUNERAL

Death, the afterlife and ancestor worship are essential

features of Chinese religion, and the Chinese funeral is
designed to ensure that a dead soul has everything it needs
in the afterlife. White-robed mourners, weeping, copi-
ously, burn hell-money and paper models of yachts, houses
and even mobile phones, items that may prove useful to the
spirit of their departed relative. In order to speed the soul's
path to its reward, mourners offer a veritable banquet to
please the gods. Additionally, the funeral must be held on
an auspicious day, which is determined by a fortune-teller,
so there is frequently some delay between death and burial.

TAOISM

Dating from the sixth century B.C., Taoism is a philoso-
phy that advocates following a path known as Tao or "the
Way." Those who follow Taoist teachings try to understand
the nature of all things — including their own natures. This
introspective path seeks perfection and unity with all things.
Taoist gods are legendary figures, beings formerly of the
Middle Kingdom who led lives worthy of imitation. Each god
has a sphere of influence dictated by aspects of its former
earthly form (such as Man, God of Literature, who is always
depicted holding a brush with which to write). Taoists search
for immortality through harmony, alchemy and prophecy.
Despite Taoism's introspective character, Taoist temples are
bright, colorful places filled with the perfume of incense that
cater to all sorts of fortune-telling. Taoism is the most
popular local religion, seldom practiced by non-Chinese. It's
often associated with alchemy and the search for immortal-
ity, and is linked to the supernatural — self-mutilation, hot
coal dances, witchcraft, magic, and fortune-telling are all
evident on visiting a Taoist temple during festivals, such as
Yuen Lan.

CONFUCIANISM

Confucius' philosophy has become a religion in the
2500 years since he died. Concerned with piety, humanitari-
anism and devotion to the family, the underlying ideals of
Confucianism are linchpins of Chinese life and thought.
Emphasizing loyalty and education, Confucianism espouses
respectful behavior toward one's superiors and parents, en-
couraging hierarchy and the acceptance of one's place within
the social spectrum. The least common of the Eastern reli-
gions practiced in Hong Kong, Confucianism nonetheless

colors the ideals of all Chinese — in principle, if not in actual

practice. Its emphasis on keeping to one's ordained place led
to its repudiation in China when both the Nationalists, then
the Communists, gained power and overthrew the old impe-

rial hierarchical system.

14

vvvv vv Vv VY VY VY VY WY WV WV WV WY WY WV WY WW"

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A _A_A_A_A A _A_A_A _A__A _A__A_A__A__A_A

BUDDHISM

Imported from India in the first century, Buddhism
centers around the idea that the suffering of the world can be
relieved only through the attainment of personal enlighten-
ment. Called nirvana ("extinction"), this occurs when the
self is extinguished. Nirvana, though nearly impossible to
achieve, can be reached through proper meditation. Though
there are several sects of Buddhism, the branch that is most
popular in China is the Mahayana ("Great Wheel") School.
It strives for enlightenment through following the example
of Gautama Buddha, who lived in India in the sixth century
B.C. It is the second most popular religion here. Though
Buddhist temples are not as bright as Taoist ones, they are
built frequently in relaxing, beautiful surroundings condu-
cive to meditation.

CHRISTIANITY

While many practitioners are sincere in their beliefs,
other Chinese convert to Christianity (at least nominally) so
that their children may attend parochial schools. In these
private institutions, children receive an excellent education,
which once almost guaranteed them acceptance at Hong
Kong University (considered the key to employment, as
important banks and corporations give priority to HKU
graduates in hiring — mostly due to their greater familiarity
with English). Other practical concerns encourage Hong
Kong's Chinese to adopt Christianity: Christian charities
provide funds for financially strapped adherents, and certain
businesses show preference to Christian employees.

SUPERSTITION

Superstition is Hong Kong's true religion. No matter
what faith they follow, almost all Chinese believe occult
forces control their destiny. Considering China's more than

5000 years of civilization, who is to say they are wrong? Of

most immediate concern is the almost universal belief in joss
(luck). Joss determines whether someone advances in busi-
ness, finds a suitable wife, wins at the racetrack, or even
contracts a life-threatening disease. Steps can, of course, be
taken to influence one's joss — burning incense or promising
donations to various gods in return for their intercession,
wearing the proper colors, and getting out of bed on the
correct side all might help someone attract good joss or
deflect bad joss. Working hard, putting aside savings, being
frugal, making the right friends and pleasing the boss don't
hurt either.

From arranging the furniture in certain ways (see also
the section on feng shui), to writing on "lucky" red paper, to
consulting astrologers for auspicious dates, to providing
ancestors with a good view from their gravesites in hopes that
they will send good fortune, Hong Kong's people engage in
hundreds of little superstitious actions every day. Certain

numbers are considered lucky or unlucky, mostly because the
words for the numbers sound similar to other "positive" or
"negative" words. For example, the number 4 (sei) sounds
like the Cantonese word for "death," and many people do not
accept a telephone number or license plate with that number
in it. The number 14 is even worse (it sounds like "certain
death"), and so Hong Kong buildings often have no 14th
floor. Other numbers, such as 2 (easy), 3 (longevity), 8
(prosperity) or 9 (eternity), are considered very fortuitous.
Many residents of Hong Kong pay extra or bribe the phone
company to assign them "lucky" numbers, while the best car
license plates (8888, for example) are auctioned to the
highest bidders each year; some bring in thousands of dollars.
Each of these actions, taboos and practices promises to give
people a way to control their lives and fortunes. And if
adhering to all the taboos, reciting the correct words and
utilizing the proper tools to bring prosperity, health and
happiness don't work? Well, that's joss.

LUCKY COLORS

Numbers are not the only "lucky" objects in Chinese
superstition. Certain colors also have particular signifi-
cance. Red and gold are lucky colors, signifying good
fortune and prosperity; this is one reason why Chinese

dresses are red. Writing in red ink, however, is not so
lucky, for it looks like blood; giving a Hong Konger a note
written in red ink is in very poor taste. Likewise, white is
an unlucky color, as white is the color of death and
mourning, so giving your date a bouquet of white roses
would not be well received.

HONG KONG FESTIVALS

CHINESE (LUNAR) NEW YEAR [FEBRUARY]

The New Year is the most important festival of the year
tor Hong Kongers, and it precipitates a three-day holiday
during which the whole of Hong Kong closes down. Revelers
must adhere to certain rituals (cleaning their houses, paying
off debts, making up with enemies), which can affect one's
luck for the entire year. During the holiday, every home
displays pictures of gods in the doorway to drive off evil
spirits, while golden messages on red paper welcome good
spirits. Small "lucky" trees bearing tiny oranges are placed
throughout the city. Hong Kongers hand dozens of Lai See
envelopes (each containing a few dollars) to children and
unmarried friends, relatives and employees; these symbolize
wealth for the coming year. Everywhere can be heard the
traditional greeting: "Kung Hei Fay Choi," which means

"good wishes, good fortune."
5 ‘ UB .

vvvvvVvVv Vv VY VY WV WV WY W W WY WW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

y

%
)
a

Ve


4_A_A_A_A_A A _A_A

System: The New Year is a celebration not only for
Hong Kong's mortals, but also for the city's werewolves.
Moots lasting several nights take place in the region's parks
and wild places.

CHING MING [APRIL]

During Ching Ming, Hong Kongers visit the graves of
their ancestors, repainting headstones, clearing weeds and
offering gifts of food, wine, hell-money and incense. At this
time, ancestors are asked if they are satisfied with the care
they have been given. During the festival, cemeteries are
packed to bursting, and roads leading to cemeteries (in areas
such as Shek O, Lantau and the New Territories) are severely
congested.

System: As noted in Dark Kingdom of Jade, the gifts
brought to the gravesites grant extra Pathos to wraiths thus
venerated (Memoriam roll, difficulty 6).

TIN HAU FESTIVAL [APRIL]

During this festival, Tin Hau, the goddess of the sea,
bestows good luck on all seafaring folk. Hong Kong's fisher-
men, sampan owners, junk skippers and sailors all go to town
to celebrate. Hundreds of boats head to rocky bays to make
offerings to the goddess, and brightly colored flags decorate
harbors and fishing communities.

CHEUNG CHAU BUN FESTIVAL [APRIL/ MAY]

This peculiar festival takes place on the island of Cheung
Chau. Revelers construct bamboo towers, which are studded
with buns and effigies of Chinese gods and spirits. The buns
are baked as offerings to please the ghosts and spirits that
inhabit the island. Additionally, the fourth day of the eight-
day festival features a great procession, as local residents deck
out in fancy dress, often representative of mythological
characters and spirits. The parade's children are particularly
spectacular; dressed in fanciful garb and balanced on bamboo
poles, they are carried above the heads of the adults, making
it seem almost as though they are floating above the parade.

System: For the duration of the festival, all wraiths on
the island gain an additional three points of Memoriam.

TUEN NG [JUNE]

Tuen Ng, or the dragon boat festival, celebrates a
Chinese hero, Qi Yuan, who drowned himself over 2,300
years ago in protest of government corruption. The towns-
people rushed to their boats to save him, beating drums and
throwing buns in the water to scare and divert sharks from his
body. Special festival dumplings of rice and meat are still
made, but Tuen Ng is most famous for the dragon boat races.
Long and decorated dragon boat canoes compete at a dozen
beaches throughout the territory. Both locals and expatriates

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

vvvovoviovivvvrivrivrewvyvvyeiq_yeséstwywyes+wseéséweéséée+?qwéswesioww


A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

take part, and although most see the races as a bit of a laugh,
some teams do take the event very seriously and may practice
for months beforehand.

SINO-JAPANESE WAR VICTORY DAY [AUGUST]

Although not a celebrated festival, this day is still a
public holiday. Wreaths are laid at various war memorials
throughout Hong Kong.

System: This day provides one point of Pathos for all
Stygian and Chinese wraiths who fell in the two world wars.

TUEN LAN [AUGUST]

The hungry ghost, or Wai Sic Gwei, festival. On this
day, say the legends, hungry ghosts are released from hell and
roam the world for a month. Residents burn hell-money,
incense and offer gifts of food and wine to the hungry ghosts
to avoid their evil tricks.

System: Spectres vomit forth from the Tempest and
roam the near Yin World, looking for prey to torment. In
addition, the difficulty for these spirits to penetrate the Wall
drops by one, unless a suitable offering is made.

MID-AUTUMN FESTIVAL [SEPTEMBER]

This festival celebrates a 14th-century Chinese uprising
against Mongol invaders. Rebels hid secret messages inside
cakes which were smuggled and distributed throughout the
country. In remembrance, celebrants bake moon cakes —
sticky, sweet pies made of ground lotus and sesame seeds with
a whole boiled egg yolk in the center.

Victoria Park, in Causeway Bay, becomes packed with
visitors upon the night of the festival. Thousands light
candles and paper lanterns, picnic and watch the moon,
hoping to see good luck fall from the skies.

System: The mid-autumn festival, due to its lunar
connections, is celebrated as a major moot by the Stargazer
werewolves of Hong Kong.

CHEUNG YEUNG [OCTOBER]
In the Han Dynasty (202 B.C.E.-A.D.220), asoothsayer

advised a family to travel to the hills to avoid disaster. This
is still remembered; thousands flock to cemeteries and high
ground to court good luck. In particular, the Peak is ex-
tremely crowded during this festival.

BEFORE THE FOREIGN DEVILS

Most Westerners, and certainly most Kindred, think
Hong Kong's history started in 1841, when the British took
possession of the island. In truth, this mountainous isle has
been inhabited for over 6000 years, mostly by small commu-

nities of fishers and farmers. The territory's lack of arable
land, coupled with its severe tropical storms, made it less
than idyllic for cultivation on a large scale. Its protected
harbors, however, offered prosperity to fishermen, both those
who lived ashore and the floating communities of boat
people who plied the seas around the island.

Hong Kong, which means "Fragrant Harbor," became
home to Malaysian seafarers; Punti or "local people" who
arrived from the north and intermingled with the Malay-
sians; Hakka ("strangers" or "guests"), a peasant people from
northern China who spoke their own dialect; Hoklo, who
were fishing folk from the coastal regions of Fukien; and the
Tanka, Cantonese-speaking boat people who lived on the
waters. The Tanka and Hoklo legacy continues to this night,
embodied in the thousands of people who live aboard their
craft in Hong Kong's harbors, some never setting foot on the
dry land of the territory proper. All groups viewed one
another with hostility and suspicion. The greatest dislike fell
upon the Hoklos and Tankas, who engaged in piracy and
smuggling.

Indeed, pirates infested the hidden coves and bays near
the Pearl River Delta, preying upon trade from the great city
of Canton. Lantau Island, Cheung Chau and portions of
Hong Kong Island became notorious pirate dens, with pirates
striking quickly, then fading back among the rest of the
inhabitants — thus forestalling their capture through ano-
nymity.

The earliest nights of the region are lost in the mists of
legend. It is known that the Court of the Scarlet Phoenix,
one of the first civilizations of Kuei-jin, established itself in
the city of Canton and spread its provincial net over the
surrounding lands. The wu — undead families — of the
Scarlet Phoenix Court exercised control over the region's
Chi while guiding subtly the daily lives of the area's denizens.

Some Kuei-jin speak of the Flame-Eater, a mighty and
malevolent bodhisattva who arose in the south during the
early nights. This fell vampire set itself up as a prophet and
cult leader among the pirates and wreaked great havoc in the
land before being bound magically by the combined efforts of
the Scarlet Phoenix Court's wu. Some say the Flame-Eater
sleeps beneath Hong Kong proper, feeding from the region's
dragons and awaiting the Sixth Age.

During the Ch'ing Dynasty (221-206 B.C.E.), which
unified China into a great empire, Heung Gong (the angli-
cized version is Hong Kong) had its own magistrate who
reported to the provincial official governing Guangdong
(Canton) Province. Meanwhile, the pirate problem became
such a nuisance that the emperor ordered all inhabitants of
the islands to withdraw from the area. This withdrawal
created a zone in which the pirates could be eradicated
without danger to law-abiding civilians. Obeying the
emperor's wishes, the people deserted the islands, not to

Wy
45

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

wWwv+»ys#+eivyrivyviewwyiWwYiWwYWwWwWeWwWYeWwYeheYeeaeeaweheSEewehSEMYSYSOYCOY
I


A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

return for decades. The region's Kuei-jin followed them, while native
hengeyokai fought bitterly with the emperor's minions.

When the mortals did return, they resumed a life not much
different from the one they had left. Though Hong Kong existed
under the governance of Canton for the next 1500 years, villages
were self-contained units whose people worked the land or

fished the sea untroubled by events in the rest of the empire. The
island remained a backwater, while nearby Canton became a
great trading city with connections to India, the Middle East
and the rest of China. Though still connected to the Scarlet
Phoenix, and later the Flame Court, Hong Kong's vampires were
largely a self-interested and insular lot.
Despite repeated attempts to wipe them out, pirates contin-
ued to prey upon shipping in the area for centuries (until well into
the British era, in fact); among their early haunts was the port of
Shek Pai Wan (later called Aberdeen), on the seaward side of Hong
Kong Island.
Kublai Khan and the Mongol hordes swept into China in A.D.
1100 and destroyed the Sung Dynasty. Their arrival caused land-
owning farmers (and their Kuei-jin parasites) to flee beyond areas under Mongol
control. A clan called "Tang" settled the fertile Shek Kong Valley in what became the
New Territories, establishing walled villages there. Other families followed. These
clans, along with the pirates, fishermen and farmers of Hong Kong, founded enclaves
in which the locals governed themselves. These people became used to doing what
they wanted without interference from higher-ups and they worked hard to make a
good living, whether from honest toil or pilfering. They passed on their stubborn self-
reliance and resourcefulness, coupled with a healthy suspicion of authority, down to
their descendants.

The lands became home to many shen during the early centuries. Khan claimed
parts of the forested peaks and southern reaches of Hong Kong Island, while Kumo
settled within a dark pit where the Walled City in Kowloon would someday rise.
Zhong Lung lay secretly among the boat people whose small crafts dotted the
sheltered waters. The newly arrived Kuei-jin mingled more
or less peacefully with the earlier vampiric set-
tlers, creating a cosmopolitan Flame Court,
whose ways differed greatly from those of
their northern brethren. Above their
little brothers reigned the Dragon Kings,
whose bodies rose up as majestic hills,
whose tears salted the oceans and whose
breath created the winds. While drag-
ons yet walked the Earth, the balance
was assured.

When the Age of Legends died, the
dragons became one with the earth. Nine
dragons curled into slumber, framing the pen-

insula of Kowloon (which means "Nine Dragons"),
while seven dragon kings lay themselves sinuously
across the breadth of Hong Kong Island. In the
centuries since then, the dragons of Kowloon have
been sorely wounded, as the hills have been flat-
tened to make way for "progress." Yet, even in

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A __A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

their agony, they slumber on until the time comes for their
release. Hong Kong's dragons rest as well, stirring occasion-
ally but never fully awakening — awaiting the turning of the
Ages.

Marco Polo visited China in 1279 and toured the Far
East for 20 years. His writings about "Cathay," published at
the turn of the century, were dismissed by insular Europe as
fantasies. Nevertheless, they proved to be the catalyst for
drawing Westerners to the fabled land over 100 years later.

ENTER THE EUROPEANS

China's ships sailed to India and the Persian Gulf in the
early 1400s, and her voyages reached as far as East Africa.
The emperor found little to attract him, however, and
forbade further expeditions among the "barbarians." Except
for occasional trading forays from the Arabians (and a few
disobedient Chinese traders who continued their lucrative
trips westward), the Middle Kingdom maintained its isola-
tion for almost a century.

Shortly after Vasco da Gama rounded the Cape of Good
Hope in 1498, Portuguese navigator Jorge Alvares realized
that the "Chin" merchants he saw in Malacca must be Marco
Polo's Cathayans. Sailing east aboard a junk, Alvares traded
with a smaller town when he was refused admittance to
Canton, but he took back word of the great Chinese empire's
existence. The Portuguese did not leave China in peace
despite recurrent difficulties (even a few massacres) in set-
ting up trade. Europeans smuggled goods in and out of
Canton until, in 1557, they were finally granted a trading
port and exclusive rights to the trade between Japan and
China. The Portuguese built the city of Macau, which
prospered so much that it rivaled Venice in its riches. Other
European ships arrived soon after the turn of the 17th
century, with its passengers hoping to make their own for-
tunes.

THE BRITISH ARRIVE

The British were latecomers, attempting (and failing) to
claim Canton by force in 1637. Fifty years later, they were
trading for tea and silks with Canton — on China's terms.
Many ships anchored off Hong Kong after long voyages,
using it as a watering place and safe harbor within sight of
their goal.

Two very different points of view sparked trouble be-
tween the Western traders and the Chinese: Europeans
thought the Chinese were opening Canton to trade as a first
step to opening all of China, while the emperor saw the trade
in Canton (a city considered barely civilized itself) as a
means to acquire silver without exposing his empire to the

foreign devils' "pollution." Though the British East India
Company established a warehouse at Canton in 1714, the
Chinese never meant for them to penetrate any farther.

The Great Cycle, weighted down by the arrival of so
many unmannered foreigners, groaned into motion again,
into the Age of Darkness. European changelings rode the
coattails of traders and colonists and met the strange fae of
the Orient for the first time. Garou Stargazers took ship
westward, seeking fresh horizons. Among the new arrivals
came magi, lured by the tales of ancient and powerful magics
to be found in mysterious China. Native shen met and
interacted with these arrivals, sometimes peacefully, often
with violence, as mortal misunderstandings prompted super-
natural retaliation.

A time of upheaval, blatant greed, selfishness and in-
creasing disregard for others, the 500 years since the coming
of the gweilo have seen enforced colonization, countless wars,
terrible epidemics and mass murder become the norm. Some
of these sorrowful events can be put at the doorstep of the
colonizers; others stem from hatred and bigotry among the
natives; all represent a working out of the balance. Though
it began slowly, the Wheel has begun turning ever more
quickly as the years allotted to the Age of Darkness diminish
rapidly, spinning downward toward the horror of the Age of
Sorrow yet to come.

THE OPIUM WARS

Hoping to minimize Western influence in China, the
emperor granted exclusive trading rights in 1757 with the
Europeans to the Co Hong (a Cantonese merchants' guild).
European traders labored under several restrictions: They
were barred from learning Chinese; they could deal only with
the Co Hong, and then only in Canton between September
and March; they were not allowed in the city itself, instead
being restricted to their warehouses on a nearby island; and
they were forbidden to bring their wives and children with
them. Further, the emperor demanded that tea and silks be
paid for with silver exclusively; no trading of goods for goods
was allowed.

By 1830 the English obsession for tea drinking had
created such a large market that 30 million tons of tea were
exported from China every year, but the British treasury was
being bled dry as the British could not trade anything in
return. The European traders were incensed that their profits
were restricted by such unequal terms, but they could do little
to change things until the British discovered the Chinese
craving for Bengal opium — in abundant supply from Britain's
colony in India and, incidentally, a legal commodity at that
time. The British East India Company began importing
opium to China, selling it only for silver, which they then
used to purchase tea, silk and porcelain. Soon China's
hunger for "foreign mud" wrecked the Chinese economy, as

wy

vvrviviv vv Vv VY VY WY WV WV WY WV W W WW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

%%
A)
i

a


sy
aay
Be

<* Game
20

A _A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A__A_A_A_A__A_A_A)—_A4

GIFTS AND SQUEEZE

When granted exclusive rights to European trade,
the Co Hong paid for the privilege through bribes to
the mandarin in charge of the region. The mandarin,
in turn, paid a higher official, who paid the emperor.
This way was the accepted practice in China. These
bribes were never referred to as such; they were
"gifts" given to friends who had done the person a
"favor." Every worker in China gave a small gift to
his employer in return for being granted the privilege
of working.

In modern times, gift-giving has become an
accepted part of corporate practice, with favored
customers or important officials receiving special
compensation in return for their patronage. Today,
such gifts are rarely hard cash; instead, memberships
at the Hong Kong Jockey Club, invitations to week-
ends in Macau, month-long jaunts aboard a fancy
yacht, even expensive French brandy or high-tech
entertainment consoles more than suffice. Of course,
money is still an option, as the recent scandal over
PRC donations to the Clinton election campaign
attests.

In the past, people who provided services (like
servants who bought food for a master's household)
took a tiny bit of the money for themselves (report-
ing the food as more expensive than its actual price
— itis bad manners to actually mention such charges),
sort of like a commission or a tip for services ren-
dered. That particular practice is known as "squeeze,"
and it too has lasted into the present day. Squeeze
seems like bribery to Western eyes, but to the
Chinese, it is a natural business practice. Many
valued and trusted servants and employees take their
squeeze without a second thought; they would not
dream of taking more than the amount they are
entitled to, however. That would be theft! Over
time, however, the custom has become corrupted, as
police demand squeeze to hurry an investigation or
look the other way, while triads extort protection
money from every small business.

Such practices infect even the shen. Though not
a widespread custom, certain important Kuei-jin
make it clear to their lessers that a small amount of
Chi donated to the higher-ups might ease their
sorrowful sojourn in the Middle Kingdom. As might

be expected, such practices are rampant within the
Dark Kingdom of Jade.

more silver flowed out than into the Imperial coffers (more
than $18 million, or one-tenth of the kingdom's revenue, in
1830). This loss, and the damage wrought on Chinese
citizens due to the ravages of opium, impelled Emperor Dao
Guang and the imperial court in Beijing to ban further
importation of opium. Rather than lose their profits, the
British became smugglers (assisted in their activities by the
Co Hong, who received a hefty cut of the profits, as well as
by corrupt Chinese officials who accepted large "gifts" in
return).

Britain ordered the traders to cease smuggling opium,
which had limited effect. Since government officials had
little idea of the realities of the China trade, the merchants
on the scene ignored government recommendations as "idi-
otic and unenforceable." In desperation, the Emperor of
China sent a new viceroy, the so-called "Lin of the Clear
Sky," to Canton to stop the opium traffic. The viceroy
surrounded the British, cut off their food supplies and de-
manded that they surrender their opium. They reluctantly
did so after six weeks, and the viceroy burned more than
20,000 chests of the potent drug.

The traders squawked. Loudly. Somehow they managed
to make the British government believe that her citizens had
been attacked and their property stolen by the strong-arm
tactics of the Chinese. Britain, apparently not realizing the
irony of going to war over a cargo that the British govern-
ment itself had expressly forbidden their traders to carry,
responded with a naval force sent to exact reprisals, negoti-
ate trade agreements and establish a permanent base along
China's coast (similar to Portuguese Macau).

The First Opium War was underway. Blockading and
attacking Canton, the British fleet sailed north, threatening
Beijing itself. The panicked emperor sent an envoy to nego-
tiate. In January 1841, the envoy agreed to the Convention
of Chuan Bi after further military threats. Among other
concessions, the convention granted Hong Kong Island to
the British "in perpetuity." The island possessed safe anchor-
age in a deep, easily defensible and protected harbor. Both
sides repudiated the convention. Despite that, a British
landing party planted the Union Jack at Possession Point on
Hong Kong Island on January 26, 1841.

The British again attacked soon thereafter, laying siege
to Canton and demanding a six-million-dollar indemnity for
the opium that had been destroyed. They were back a few
months after that, seizing Shanghai and other ports. Nanjing,
a major Chinese city, was under immediate threat. To save
the city, the Chinese accepted the Treaty of Nanjing, which
officially ended the First Opium War and again ceded Hong
Kong to the British "in perpetuity" — this time in an
agreement that was not rejected.

vvovovovvvvvpevpewvwewywevpéiwsi vn

HONG KONG BY MIGHT


A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A __A _A_A_A_A_A

COLONIZATION

At the time, no one really wanted the island, as it was a
barren, treeless rock with a population of 7,450, mostly
smugglers, drug traffickers and fugitives. The British govern-
ment (and Queen Victoria, in particular) thought the island
was useless and railed against their negotiator, Captain
Charles Elliot, for not acquiring a coastal city — or at least
an important island like Taiwan — to use as a trading post.
Lord Palmerston, Queen Victoria's foreign secretary, dis-
missed Hong Kong as "a barren island with hardly a house
upon it."

Their reluctance to accept the island appeared to be
prophetic in the first decades of the new colony's existence.
Huge trading companies (called hongs, after the Co Hong)
bought much of the land and built godowns (warehouses)
and mansions in the western portions of the island facing
north toward China. Almost as soon as construction was
completed, however, a killer typhoon tore through the
settlement and reduced most of it to matchsticks and claimed
many lives in the process. Five days later, with repairs
underway, a second typhoon swept through. In the storms'
wake, fire claimed what was left. Then malaria took its toll.
Had the early colonists consulted fang shih geomancers, they
might have had better luck with their structures. While the
Chinese understood that building atop the dragon's head was
bound to make the house collapse during a typhoon (as the
dragon exhaled), the gweilo didn't have a clue why their solid
English buildings kept falling down.

By 1846, many early colonists were now residents of the
hillside cemetery, but those left alive flourished. British
families lived along the waterfront, which was named Victoria
after their beloved queen (the area is now knownas Central).
The wealthy built summer mansions up on Victoria Peak to
take advantage of cooler temperatures. As the British aban-
doned their first colony in favor of Victoria and Happy
Valley, the Chinese arrived daily in record numbers and
occupied a shantytown farther west, now called the Western
District.

Many shen found places in Hong Kong alongside the
mortal population. As traders built their mansions and Brit-
ain added to her empire, a few Western Kindred, called
Kin-jin by the native shen, attached themselves to the
burgeoning colony. Because Hong Kong was seen as rather
insignificant, Robert Pedder, a British Ventrue, was able to
gain a position of power —becoming Tai-pan (Prince) of
Hong Kong. Pedder ruthlessly drove out or destroyed other
Kindred when they sought domains in Hong Kong.

Naturally, the Kuei-jin scoffed at the very thought of
this insolent foreign leech declaring himself Tai-pan of
anything. Unfortunately for the Kuei-jin, the reigning an-
cestor, Ghost-Killer, took a fancy to Pedder, seeing a pet of

sorts in the brash and vain Kindred. Ghost-Killer spent much
of her time dominated by her P'o, and she was protective of
Pedder while under the influence of her shadow nature.
Kuei-jin seeking to unseat the "prince" met with unfortunate
accidents, which Ghost-killer's P'o arranged to look like
shadow wars between Kuei-jin wu. Ultimately, the Flame
Court disintegrated into a hive of mutually distrustful wu,
weakening Ghost-Killer's influence in the process. By the
time the mess had been sorted out, in the early 20th century,
the Tremere had established a chantry in the colony. And
the Kuei-jin thought it best to lie low, avoid the Warlocks'
attentions, and wait for a more auspicious era.

Tensions flared again in 1856. Chinese officials boarded
a British merchant ship (a Chinese junk that was sailing in
China waters), searching for pirates. Calling it an unpro-
voked attack (as if enforced seizure of Chinese lands and
continuing sales of opium against Chinese wishes weren't
provocation), the British called for help and attacked, along-
side French, Russian and American naval crews. The so-called
Second Opium War was started. The devastation of almost-
undefended China led eventually to the Treaty of Tianjin, in
which China was forced to accept a British diplomatic
presence in their territory. Perhaps in response, someone
added arsenic to the dough at Hong Kong's main bakery.
While the Chinese in the colony ate their rice, gweilo became
ill (and some died) from the poisoned bread. The Occiden-
tals suspected that a plot to poison all Europeans was afoot
and deported thousands of Chinese. No one was ever caught
for the crime. Some shen believe that the Jade Emperor
himself masterminded the incident in a blatant attempt to
gain control over a large number of gweilo souls.

Furthering the turning of the Wheel through the Age of
Darkness, a British flotilla with the first British Minister
Plenipotentiary to Beijing tried to sail up the Pei Ho River —
against Chinese requests. Forts on either side fired on the
ships. A British expeditionary force landed and marched on
Beijing in response, which forced the Chinese to negotiate
the Convention of Beijing. The convention ceded Kowloon
Peninsula and Stonecutter Island to the British "in perpetu-
ity." This acquisition allowed the colony's Victoria Harbor
to be defended from both sides.

Barely 30 years later, following China's loss to Japan in
the Sino-Chinese War, the British were back at the door,
demanding more land. Weakened past the point of defend-
ing themselves, the Chinese agreed to a 99-year lease of the
lands north of Kowloon (called the New Territories) and 234
outlying islands. Now the colony possessed lands suitable for
full-scale farming, meaning it could now feed itself ad-
equately. (Farming on Hong Kong Island itself was forbidden
by law when the British discovered that the wet rice farms
were attracting malaria-carrying mosquitoes. )

vvvvv vv VT VY VY WY WV WY WV WV W W W YW
CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL


22

A_A4_ A A A A A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

THE 20TH CENTURY

By the turn of the century, the Wheel revealed what
would become one of Hong Kong's most pressing problems:
overpopulation, especially among the poor. The population
of Hong Kong topped 300,000 in 1900, most of them main-
land Chinese who arrived with nothing, set up housekeeping
in a shanty or shack, and sought desperately for work.
Farmers, peasants, coolies, even merchants poured into Hong
Kong, all following the dream of prosperity. As America
represented the "land of opportunity" for Europeans, Hong
Kong symbolized the Chinese belief that good timing and a
little good joss could be coupled with hard work to produce
untold wealth. Held down by outmoded ways in China, they
sought their fortunes under the laissez-faire business practices

hhLL

of the prosperous British colony.

Hard on the heels of those seeking economic opportu-
nity came political refugees, enemies of the hated Qing
Dynasty. Some among them were wealthy and influential,
and a few powerful Kuei-jin took the opportunity to emi-
grate. Many of these wealthy expatriates opened businesses
and offered employment to those who opposed the Qing
emperor; others drifted into criminal activities. Resistance
groups were secret societies known as triads; they spread
quickly throughout the Chinese enclaves in Hong Kong.
Because the Western merchants depended on the China

——
Yr

RAO) \ 1 lh

trade for their bread and butter, the colony soon outlawed
the triads. Nonetheless, many highly trusted and wealthy
Chinese members of the colony secretly were leaders in the
groups, or they supported them financially.

Kuei-jin wu flocked to the triads, using them as Scarlet
Screens to advance their ends and strike at the Tremere; the
Tremere, however, also gained a foothold in the triads, and
so the efforts of the warring supernaturals canceled each
other out largely.

Early in the 20th century, Hong Kong rode the turning
Wheel, adjusting rapidly to circumstances and, at times,
threatening to disintegrate into chaos. Electricity arrived in
the colony, trams provided conveyance along the water-
front, and the rich people imported cars to drive on the area's
few paved roads. The opium trade, bowing to worldwide
condemnation, was banned finally. Yet, all was far from
idyllic. Monstrous typhoons killed 10,000 and left 40,000
boat people homeless in a storm lasting over an hour (an
occurrence linked to agitation in the Dark Kingdom of Jade).
Hong Kong's population exploded to a million souls as
refugees (some of them shen) fled Sun Yat-sen's takeover of
China. Happy Valley Racetrack burst into flames, murdering
thousands trapped within it.

And if this were not enough evidence that the Age of
Darkness was fully established — warfare, inhumanity and
bloodshed took center stage.

vvvvv Vv Vv VY VY VY WY VY WY W WW

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

TW


A __A_A_A_A _A _A_A_A_A__A__A _A_A__A__A_A_A

WORLD WAR IT AND BEYOND

China thrashed into revolution and counterrevolution,
weakening itself further. The Japanese invaded the depleted
country in 1937. Over 500,000 desperate refugees fled to
Hong Kong. Then, just before the bombing of Pearl Harbor,
the Japanese Imperial Army bombed Kowloon and poured
across the border from already-occupied China. All planes at
Kai Tak were destroyed while still on the ground. After four
days of fighting, the remnants of the British withdrew to
Hong Kong, which fell on Christmas Day, 1941. British
civilians suffered harsh treatment and deprivations while
incarcerated at Stanley Prison. Ten thousand soldiers were
taken and interred in concentration camps. The Japanese
forces deported thousands of Chinese to the mainland to
work as slave labor. Hong Kong itself nearly met destruction
as Japanese troops rampaged through the colony, looting,
raping and slaughtering soldier and civilian alike.

The war years were a time of great anxiety for the Kin-
\in as well. Fearful that Japanese occupation would bring
with it an influx of Japanese vampires and fierce wolf-spirits,
the area's colonist Western Kindred sought sanctuary by
sinking into the earth and entering torpor. According to a
few tales, some still sleep there and might be trapped should
they awaken. Hong Kong's once-plentiful land has been
swallowed up by high-rise apartments and skyscrapers. Un-
lucky Kin-jin may awaken long after the handover to China
only to find their return blocked by several tons of concrete,
glass and steel overhead.

Despite Kin-jin and Kuei-jin fears alike, Japanese shen
never appeared. The Khan suffered greatly under Japanese
occupation, as many of the last tigers were hunted gleefully to
extinction by bored Japanese soldiers. Changelings, both Euro-
pean and native, turned grim and became nastier in response to
the chill despair affecting their dreamers. Mages made them-
selves scarce (though some cooperated with the conquerors),
and the Jade Emperor's smile grew wide as thousands of souls
poured forth and into the Dark Kingdom of Jade.

After suffering four years of deprivation, starvation,
torture and despair, the shattered colony reverted to the
British when the Japanese surrendered after the bombing of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Down toa population of barely half
a million people, Hong Kong faced a future with no remain-
ing industry, no fishing fleet, no public services and few
houses left standing. Returning residents found a ghost city,
situated behind a shipwreck-blocked harbor and populated
by hollow-eyed, starving remnants of people.

Britain, burdened by its own losses, had little to spare for
its tiny colony. Self-sufficiency, hard labor and making-do
became the watchwords of the decade. Nonetheless, helped
by the influx of refugees from China (the population doubled
between 1946 and 1967), Hong Kong rose from the rubble.

THE TRIADS

Triads (named for their emblem — a triangle
denoting the harmonious unity of Heaven, Earth and
man) are secret societies which originated in the 17th
century with the goals of overthrowing the Manchus
and restoring the Ming Dynasty. The triads moved into
Hong Kong, mingled with the other immigrants, then
split into different societies. All triads practiced (and
still practice) initiation rites and ceremonies designed
to integrate new members into the mystique of the
secret society.

Each triad has a supreme leader at the head of a
hierarchical structure. Ranks within triads are noted
by numbers beginning with the number 4, to represent
the four elements and directions. After World War II,
triads became endemic, most operating from the safety
of the notorious Walled City in Kowloon, which was
off limits to the police. Current estimates place the
number of triad groups operating in Hong Kong at 50,
with upwards of 100,000 members (the Sun Yee On
alone has over 40,000 members).

Though triads served as political agitators origi-
nally, after the fall of the Qing Dynasty, members
turned their attention to gambling, prostitution and
other illegal activities, like squeezing protection money
out of small businesses. In modern times, triads have
become the kings of drug dealing and are responsible
for almost all organized crime in the SAR (the Special
Administrative Region). Using the twin lures of easy
money and peer acceptance, triads attract young people
of both sexes into gang life. Once in, never out. The
triads, similar to the Mafia, control organized crime in
Hong Kong; unlike much of the Mafia, though, triad
constituents are noted for extreme viciousness. While
some triads encourage members to flaunt their status
(through wearing identifying clothing or haircuts),
most maintain secrecy and enforce silence by exacting
deadly penalties on those who do spill group secrets.
The best known triads in Hong Kong are the Sun Yee
On, the Wo Sung Wo and the 14K.

Yet, this rebirth was not without tension: Chiang Kai-
shek's Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan as Mao Zedong's
Communist forces seized control in China. Terrified Hong
Kong waited to be overrun across the all-too-vulnerable
border. Again, millions of mainland Chinese emigrated to
the colony. Many of these newcomers, though, were rich
industrialists from Shanghai. Although some continued on
to America or Australia, a good number remained in Hong
Kong and invested their money locally.

vvvvivvv vv YT WY WY WY WY WY W WY W YW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL

anf

2


This proved to benefit Hong Kong greatly. With the
advent of the Korean War, the United Nations' trade em-
bargo on China threatened the very lifeblood of Hong Kong
— China's "window on the world." The colony faced finan-
cial ruin without Chinese goods to sell. The refugee
industrialists from Shanghai proposed opening their own
local factories to produce the inexpensive goods the world
had been importing from China. Hong Kong was reborn —
soon to become a major producer of textiles, watches and
electronic goods.

Throughout the ‘50s and ‘60s, Hong Kong faced two
pressing problems: continuing threats of a Communist take-
over and an acute housing shortage. Hong Kong began an
ambitious public-housing program and built entire blocks of
cheap, but fireproof, housing in response to a devastating fire
that left over 50,000 squatters homeless. Realizing other

potential in their booming economy, Hong Kong's financial
and service industries blossomed, especially when Hong
Kong became a favored rest and recreation stop for American
soldiers stationed in Vietnam.

As the Cultural Revolution in China hit its height,
Hong Kong reeled in reaction as tens of thousands of more
Chinese refugees raced across the border in just a two-week
period. Riots and bombings, inspired by Chinese forces,
rocked the colony. Kuei-jin of different wu and Dharmas
used the chaos as a smokescreen to settle old scores. Then
China's Red Guard crossed into the New Territories. Though
intercepted and pushed back, the quasi-invasion devastated
confidence, which resulted in a plummeting real-estate mar-
ket — and the loss of major portions of China's
foreign-exchange earnings, as trade and tourism halted
abruptly. Sobered by this loss (Hong Kong was China's only
real source of marketing at the time), China ceased to
threaten its golden goose. Then, in a surprise move, after
years of isolationism, China emerged on the world market,
funneling goods, investments and tourism through Hong
Kong. The colony (now known asa "territory" due to belated
British political correctness) reached a golden age of prosper-
ity and growth.

Tai-pan Pedder and his cronies gloried in their wealth

and watched their own private empire grow, yet Pedder
realized (perhaps even before the mortals began to consider
the matter seriously) that Western control of Hong Kong
had a preset cancellation date — when the 99-year lease on
the New Territories expired in 1997.

Fleeing persecution and bitter poverty in their ravaged
homeland, the first Vietnamese refugees reached Hong Kong
in 1975. Within three years, they were coming at the rate of
600 a day. Unable to support or integrate the additional
refugees, Hong Kong constructed sprawling refugee camps
where the Vietnamese live even today — in appalling
conditions and helpless against ravaging shen. Despite the
outlawing of further illegal immigrants from China and

e. = vvvevvyvvyeVVWYW¥YWMeVeVVYWV.YWioWéoW
24 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


AAA _A_A A _A_A_A__A_A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A

Vietnam — except for genuine political refugees (as opposed
to economic ones) — the influx continues up to this night.
Newcomers disappear into the crowded Chinese sectors and
lose themselves among the masses. Thus, by all the glitter
and wealth rise ugly utilitarian apartment blocks, sprawling
shantytowns and desolate refugee camps held captive behind
wire barriers.

THE LAST DECADE

Realizing that the lease on the New Territories was
almost up, the British went to China to discuss the territory's
future. After several years of conferences, clashes and agree-
ments, the British and Chinese issued the Sino-British Joint
Declaration in 1988. In essence, it recognized that Hong
Kong Island and Kowloon were not economically viable
territories without the support of the New Territories, espe-
cially that region's food supplies. As China was adamant
about reclaiming its leased property, Britain felt it had no
choice but to return the entirety of Hong Kong to the
People's Republic of China. Hong Kong became a Special
Administrative Region of China under the agreement. As
such, China committed to leaving the region's capitalist
system alone for at least 50 years. Nonetheless, many of Hong
Kong's residents panicked at the mere concept of Commu-
nist China taking control of the greatest center of laissez-faire
capitalism in the world.

Britain didn't help calm matters. Instead, she passed the
British Nationality Act, which prevented Hong Kong citi-
zens who were not of British extraction from acquiring
British citizenship, effectively trapping those who had been
their colonials in Hong Kong and preventing their reloca-
tion to England. In light of the agreement to hand over Hong
Kong made soon after this act was passed, this policy has been
criticized as a sellout of Britain's subjects.

THE REALITY BEHIND THE FACADE

In Hong Kong, the fix is in, and the nature of this fix is clear
and grim. The men who are in the business of dictating business
will not get in the way of the men who are in the business of simply
dictating, and vice versa.

— Stan Sesser, "Hong Kong Betrayed?" in The New
Republic

Despite the publication of the Basic Law document,
China's intentions surfaced almost immediately. Britain
implemented democratic elections in 1995 in a last-ditch
effort. Of the 20 seats open in the legislature, Martin Lee's
Democratic Party won 12 of them. The Democratic Alliance
for the Betterment of Hong Kong (DAB), a confusingly
named pro-PRC party, won only two. Angered by the rejec-
tion of their candidates, Beijing's Preparatory Committee
(chosen by Beijing to handle transition problems) voted 149

BASIC LAW

To ease the fears of Hong Kong's citizens, China
published its Basic Law for Hong Kong in 1988. The
law included a guarantee by Beijing that Hong Kong's
citizens and institutions need not fear the future.
Under the law, individuals have the rights to travel in
and out of Hong Kong, to form trade unions, to freedom
of speech (including the right to express opinions), to
assemble and associate, and to uncensored correspon-
dence. Further, Hong Kong's people have the right to
choose their occupations, their academic research,
their religious beliefs, and even the right to strike.

The Basic Law provides for Hong Kong to be
largely self-governing, to remain a free port with the
right to continue independent membership in interna-
tional organizations. People are permitted to retain
their private property. The law also guarantees con-
tinuing employment for the colony's civil servants
(both Chinese and foreigners), though the PRC con-
trols the region's foreign policy and provides for its
defense. In reality, the majority of foreign civil servants
are being forced to leave under the "localization policy":
i.e., if you are not ethnic Chinese, then your job will be
given to someone who is.

In any event, few Hong Kong residents place much
value on Chinese assurances. The region is not allowed
to have its own democratically elected government,
even on a municipal level. Hong Kong's leaders are to
be appointed by Beijing. Skeptics note that China's
own constitution makes the same guarantees of free-
dom and human rights, with negligible impact on the
PRC's actual system. The Basic Law also gives Beijing
the option to interfere in Hong Kong's internal affairs
"to preserve public order, public morals or in the
interests of national security." Such a broad statement
actually means that China can impose any restrictions
it wishes or arrest whomever it pleases at any time,
simply by crying the words "national security." And
the People's Liberation Army is poised to assume
control of the Tamar Naval Center in Central (thus
housing a potentially intimidating military force and
grabbing some extremely valuable real estate — billions
of dollars worth, in fact — all in one maneuver).

to | to close down the legislature as soon as the handover

occurred. The PRC government then appointed a new
Provisional Legislature in December of 1996; many mem-

bers of which were on the selection committee and some of

whom were rejected DAB candidates.

Hong Kong's pro-democracy movement denounced
Britain's "sellout" and dubbed Basic Law as "Basic Flaw."
Their fears, alas, were well-founded. Following a heady,

vvvvv vv VT VY VY WY WV WY WV WY W WY WW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL


y=

A

_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A_A,_A

exuberant effort to liberalize China along with a call for
democracy, the student-led democratic movement in China
fell to PRC troops in the Tiananmen Square Massacre in
Beijing, just a year after China's assurances to Hong Kong.
Millions of Hong Kong's people took to the streets in protest.
The stock market fell over 20% in one day. Those who had
hoped for the best now moved their capital and company
headquarters to safer climes overseas.

Yet, another shock lay in store. Article 23, a little-
publicized portion of the Basic Law, calls for (indeed, orders)
the new legislature to enact laws against "subversion" — a
term so loosely defined it could include someone making a
snide remark about a Communist Party member's choice of
breakfast food. And what of the vaunted freedoms and the
promise to keep Hong Kong democratic? In essence, the PRC
really means it will allow horse racing, private yachting
parties, pandering to tourists and Hong Kong's famous
nightlife to continue.

Of course, China intends fully for business to continue
making vast profits. Tung Chee-hwa, Beijing's newly ap-
pointed chief executive for the SAR, is a shipping tycoon
himself and crafty enough to understand that the real politics
of Hong Kong is business. An ardent and open admirer of
Singapore, Chee-hwa (as well as most of Hong Kong's large
businesses, which enthusiastically support his plans) wants
to institute a Singapore-like solution in Hong Kong: no real
freedom or civil rights for the masses, but every freedom and
courtesy extended to business. Most of the multimillion-
dollar corporations aren't complaining. Controlled people
make better workers — they have few options and dare not
complain. A stable society, however authoritarian, makes for
steady and profitable business. As long as business makes nice
with the new bosses, they have nothing to lose and every-
thing to gain. The only losers are the people of Hong Kong
who were promised democracy. Already the electoral situa-
tion is being changed so that the corporations, not the
people, will decide Hong Kong's laws.

Many Hong Kong citizens who could not gain British
citizenship because of the British Nationality Act applied for
citizenship in Canada and Australia. The wealthiest, the
brightest and the most technologically proficient fled Hong
Kong in a steady stream as the dreaded date of the handover
approached. Whipped on by China's insistence that the
Vietnamese boat people be deported by 1997, Britain offered
monetary inducements to those refugees who returned vol-
untarily to their homelands. When even that incentive
failed to stop the influx (another 75,000 a year were still
arriving), the British began evacuating refugees forcibly,
which prompted riots and protests by camp inmates as well
as world criticism. Needless to say, Kuei-jin fed well during
the evacuations.

vvrvvv vv vyvvyvwvywvye'¥_yest'yYSi?'SG'VGeEgjW'wvevesvw—«é~wvysweséivV Sw

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

HONG KONG CHANGES HANDS

With the deadline for the changeover looming, Hong
Kong's Kindred fled. Led by the former Tai-pan, Ventrue
Robert Pedder, most of them departed just before the arrival
of Chinese Kuei-jin wu signaled the return of the Flame
Court. Ironically, the new arrivals harbor suspicion and
contempt for the Kuei-jin who have existed in Hong Kong
through the years of colonization, believing them to be
tainted by their contact with the Westerners. The Hong
Kong Kuei-jin rebut that belief since China destroyed most
of her own culture and rejected many traditions during the
Cultural Revolution. And only they are suited to reestablish
the Flame Court, since only they are truly still Chinese in
character.

Like their mortal fellows, neither the Kuei-jin nor the
remaining Kin-jin of Hong Kong place great confidence in
Chinese assurances. Tung Chee-hwa has promised that no
one is to be persecuted, that no arrests are to be made of
political dissidents. Chee-hwa has said he wants Hong Kong
to be run by Hong Kong's people. Ironically, the vacuum
created by the flight of mortal talent is being filled by
foreigners. And the restrictions, though not yet overt, are
nevertheless in place quite firmly. Publishers who once
reported the "massacre" in Tiananmen Square now refer to
it as an "incident," while artists who once freely created
highly original and provocative pieces now find that their
work isn't wanted anymore — unless it won't offend Beijing.

Refuting dire predictions, however, Hong Kong's
economy hasn't ground to a halt; construction continues,
especially on the new airport being built on Chek Lap Kok
Island. Hong Kong continues to glitter and crackle with
energy, with fortunes won and lost daily. Most Chinese plan
to stay, pointing out that China could have simply taken
over the region anytime, yet acted fairly. Further, they
emphasize that much of China's technological know-how
comes via Hong Kong, and around 60% of her trade and
finances are Hong Kong-handled. These hopefuls believe
China can't afford to mess up in Hong Kong.

More cynical residents understand that their tiny island
cannot continue to exist without the daily food deliveries
from across the bay, nor can Hong Kong's manufacturers
produce goods without China's cheap labor pool. Many of
the region's banks, hotels and department stores are now
funded through PRC capital. Each is dependent on the
other.

Despite uncertainty over its future, change continues to
assault Hong Kong at dizzying speeds. Whole neighborhoods
are obliterated to make room for soaring skyscrapers. The
harbor shrinks as more valuable land is reclaimed; soon, the
anchorage once known as "Fragrant Harbor" will no longer


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A

be capable of flushing itself. The stench and floating garbage
attest to the millions of tons of raw sewage dumped into it
every day (to the hengeyokai's dismay).

Hong Kong's population has exploded to over six mil-
lion, and real-estate costs have risen alongside the skyscrapers
that dominate the Central region. An average middle- to
low-range apartment could cost a family $HK1 million a year
to rent.

Even the optimists are admittedly uncertain as to how
long Hong Kong's protected status as China's economic
foster child will last. China depends on Hong Kong currently

'

for its economic strength and technological expertise, but as
time passes, China will acquire more knowledge, more ex-
perts and greater familiarity with entrepreneurship. Will it
need Hong Kong then? Most residents fear that it won't. And
as China becomes less dependent, she may resent Hong
Kong's freedoms. Mortals revel in denial or fix their sights on
making themselves indispensable, while China tightens her
grip in anticipation of ever-greater control. The shen prepare
for the inevitable bloodbath promised by the arrival of the
Sixth Age as the Wheel inexorably turns. The dragons stir,
tasting change on the wind, as Hong Kong waits and holds
her breath in anticipation. The clock is ticking...

Y_
7,

vvvvvyv vv Vv VY VY WY WY WY WY WY W YW

CHAPTER TWO: THE TURNING OF THE WHEEL



A_A A A A A A A _¥_A A A A A A A A A

CHAPTER THREE:

ATOF THE

DRAGON'S

BACH.

O sea-wet rock thronged, thronged and swarming with

hunger and misery and wealth and want and abundance and
waste, vice and purity and corruption and law and justice and
privilege, charities and private property and Monopoly and Big
Business and rackets and tuberculosis and beauty and
horror;...deep-roaring, bustling eternal market Hong Kong;
where life and love and souls and blood and all things made and

grown under the sun are bought and sold and smuggled and

squandered...

— Han Suyin, A Many Splendoured Thing

WWEVIEW FROM DRAGONBACH

Most gweilo see little beyond the physical make-up of
Hong Kong and environs — the sea; the ruddy, rubbish-
covered beaches; sinuous green hills and terraced levels that
are the bases for ever more and higher buildings. Without the
undulating, hilly landscape that allows for the creation of
multilevel terracing, Hong Kong could never hold so many
buildings in such a small space as it does.

Few outside the Chinese believe that they rest atop
dragons' backs. Where gweilo speak of superstitious nonsense
but consult geomancers to keep the peace among their
Chinese workers; supernaturals and mortals who know of the
dynamic pull of Yin and Yang manipulate supernatural forces
routinely in the land itself.

Many shen haunt areas of exceptionally strong Chi.
These special places are called dragon nests, forelimbs, heads
and even hearts. Whether used as caerns, haunts, havens, or
freeholds, such sites are hotly contested among the shen.
Whatever their names, these areas are widely acknowledged
to contain dragons.

Wise, immortal and fierce, dragons are the balance
point between earth and spirit. Symbols of potent luck and
power, dragons are a harmonious blend of Yin and Yang in
perfect proportion. Their connection to the spirit worlds
makes them the guardians of the four directions and five
elements, as well as keepers of the Flaming Pearl of Pertec-
tion, which is the fifth direction (the center of all) and the
sixth element (spirit). Their guardianship duties are symbol-

e
vveveveveVv,wvwyeVveVGWwpeVVO'VVWY®WwOViGYVioY a
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK 29


Us

ized by the number of claws they have on each foot, the
greatest among them having the five claws that show an
achievement of perfect unity. Thus, the five-clawed dragon
became an emblem that only the Emperor of China (as the
mortal symbol of stability) was allowed to use.

Sporting many colors depending on their age and origin,
dragons are divided into several groups, each with its own
duties. The Lung Wang, or Dragon Kings, support the man-
sions of the gods, bring rain, control the flow of rivers and
guard treasures and hidden mysteries. Because they have
sinuous bodies and the eyes of demons, dragons are powerful
forces against demonkind. Their sinuosity prevents demons
from passing (as everyone knows these infernal beings can
travel only in straight lines), while their eyes frighten off
demons who come too close (since demons mistake dragons'
eyes for their own and are afraid of their own reflections).
Mortals who seek protection place dual dragon images before
doorways or on rooftops to keep evil spirits at bay; one dragon
swallows any nearby evil while another uses its sweet breath
to disseminate good influence throughout the building.

Nostrangers to the mystic arts, dragons are adept sorcer-
ers. Their various parts (teeth, blood, scales and saliva) are
sought after highly by practitioners of magic, though only the
most evil of beings seeks to slay a dragon or steal its parts.
Mortals or supernaturals deemed worthy are sometimes gifted
with dragon relics, though these powerful artifacts usually

appear as something more mundane (crystals, gold, foam on
sea water). Nowadays, it is much harder to acquire dragon
parts, at least those that are actively magical.

Ages passed, the dragons went to sleep and sank into the
earth. Still, they breathe slowly. Dragon breath, which runs
through the earth, crackles with potent Chi. The channels or
runnels created by dragon breath are known to the enlight-
ened as feng shui, or dragon, lines.

Nine dragons sleep beneath Kowloon, but their magic
has faltered somewhat, for the hills that contain their curled
bodies have been leveled and removed. The wounded drag-
ons bleed slowly into the ground, sinking deeper as their Chi
drains away. Greedy shen, attracted by the Chi thus released,
flock to Kowloon to feast on the remaining strength of the
dying dragons. A few shen seek to protect the great beings,
trying futilely to stop their short-sighted brethren and to
staunch the bleeding somehow.

In Hong Kong, the seven dragons sleeping beneath the
island have had to put up with the silly mortals who terrace
their haunches and place precariously situated skytowers
atop them.) Hong Kong's dragons are happier than those of
Kowloon because most buildings have been constructed with
architectural idiosyncrasies designed to accommodate the
dragons' breath (or their view of the harbor). Responding to
the respect given them, the dragons acquiesce to the small
mortals who want to live atop their undulating backs. And
their view is breathtaking.

\
©)
\
s

usenet
Th Seerh

A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A_A__4_

oa

ct —™=| — = frre =

Ooi0O0er vn

vvvovvvrvivrievrivrevrievrevrivevivewyweiqwwvyewyst$teyw_

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A__A_A

TRANSPORTATION

Travelers from mainland China may enter the SAR of
Hong Kong via car, bus or train. The Hung Hom Railway
Station, east of Tsimshatsui (which is the southernmost
station of the KCR, or Kowloon-Canton Railway), is the
arrival point for express trains from China.

The Stygian outpost of Necropolis Hong Kong depends
on the railway station at Kowloon. The Midnight Express
pulls in local time —a concession made to the West because
of Hong Kong's British past and the presence of so many
Westerners in the area. Its regular run connects Hong Kong
with Stygia, allowing Western wraiths to come and go in
territory controlled chiefly by the Dark Kingdom of Jade.
Now that the territory is once again under Chinese control,
many wraiths wonder if the Jade Emperor will allow its
continued presence.

Sea travel to Hong Kong from foreign ports (except
Macao and Southeast Asia) is prohibitively expensive. Cruise
ships carrying those wealthy enough to afford this slow,
luxurious style of travel dock at Ocean Terminal (in
Tsimshatsui). Nonetheless, many visitors experience the
sensation of crossing the harbor from Kowloon to Hong
Kong Island via ferry.

Air travel is by far the most common means of reaching
Hong Kong, and it is an adventure in itself. Some people
describe landing at Hong Kong International Airport (known
as Kai Tak) as exciting; others claim it's an insane game of
mass Russian roulette. Despite the thrilling view, landing at
Kai Tak certainly requires pilots to have excellent reflexes
and pinpoint accuracy. All modern airports utilize an instru-
ment landing system (ILS) that leads pilots on a straight path
down to the runway. Not so in Hong Kong.

Here, the plane begins its run at the airport, zooming in over
the South China Sea. The lights of Hong Kong blaze forth,
visible for more than 100 miles out on clear nights. Roaring
through alternating vistas of dark seas, high irregular hills and
patches of obscuring clouds, the craft loses altitude steadily.
Suddenly, as hundreds of boats and ships come into view below,
the pilot banks the plane hard to the right. Rows of skyscrapers
rush by just beyond the plane's wingtip. The cramped conditions
have yet another surprise in store: Rather than leading the plane
to the runway, the ILS guides the pilot to a huge, red-and-white
checkerboard painted on a clifflike hillside nearby. Upon seeing
the checks (from a minimum altitude of 675 feet), the pilot pulls
quickly into a sharp turn (47.2 degrees, to be exact), and if
everything is correctly positioned, altitude acceptable and air
speed on target, the aircraft can line up safely with the runway
barely a minute later.

Just as all seems well, the plane dives steeply, streaking
down to meet the uprushing city below. Traffic and people
seem almost to be in passengers' laps, and blocks of buildings

fly by so close that they seem to scrape the underbelly of the
plane. Having reached its saturation point five years ago, Kai
Tak is overdue for a calamitous crash, an occurrence some
people believe could take over 5,000 lives due to the popu-
lation density around the airport. That hasn't happened...yet.
Atthe last instant, when it seems acrash into the heart of the
city is imminent, the plane settles to the airport's one runway
(another plane takes off or lands along the same runway
within two minutes), floating barely over the last obstacles in
its path. Suddenly, the pilot throttles back and the plane
taxis to a stop just before plunging off the runway into the
ocean liners and fishing craft that line the harbor. Welcome
to Hong Kong.

Actually, welcome to Kowloon. From the airport or the
train station, airbuses, city buses, taxis and the MTR (Mass
Transit Railway, the subway) take passengers to New
Kowloon, the New Territories or through the tunnels under
the harbor to the Central District on Hong Kong Island.
Ferries and hydrofoils ply the waters between the island and
mainland.

But, getting around in Hong Kong itself means using
public transport (bus, train, tram or MTR), taking a taxi or
walking. The MTR is the fastest mode of travel; it's clean, air-
conditioned, automated and easy to use. Sedan chairs,
enclosed seats slung on long poles and carried by bearers,
were the chief transport in the early days of the colony. None
now exists outside museums. Rickshaws are mostly a thing of
the past, too, catering to tourists who want a picture taken in
one. A few rickshaw "pullers" run slowly around a block,
pulling passengers, but the cost (as well as the advanced age
of the pullers, who look like they might expire if forced to run
more than a block) keeps all but the most determined tourists
from experiencing this passé mode of travel.

PHYSICAL REGION, POLITICAL TERRITORY

China is a sleeping giant. Let her sleep, for when she
awakens, she will astonish the world.

— Napoleon

Hong Kong is more than just a hill-decked island mea-
suring 29 square miles. Encompassing a mainland peninsula
(Kowloon and the New Territories) and over 200 islands off
the southeastern coast of China, it plays host to over six
million people. The distance from the (former) Chinese
border to the southern side of Hong Kong Island is approxi-
mately 40 km and can be traveled in a couple of hours. Under
British rule, Hong Kong (Chinese for "Fragrant Harbor") was
knownasacolony until changing political sensibilities in the
1970s encouraged the British to refer to it as a "territory"
instead. Whatever it has been called throughout its colorful
history, Hong Kong has never possessed political autonomy.

<€

wy

vvvovovovvrvrvrevvrvv Ww

vvyv
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

CLIMATE

The climate in Hong Kong is subtropical, which
means it's mostly hot, humid and often stormy. Only
the desperate and insane walk voluntarily anywhere
on hot summer days. In spring and autumn, tempera-
tures hover between 70 and 85 degrees; in summer,
the heat climbs well into the 90s; in winter, the
average temperature is 60 degrees. Oppressive hu-
midity saps strength during the hotter months, while
gray skies are the norm from winter through spring.
Summer also brings in the typhoon season from July
to September. Of all climatic difficulties, Hong Kong
has suffered most from the destructive typhoons (from
the Chinese tai fung or "big wind," and known to the
shen as "the flight of the dragons"). These killer
storms have roared across Hong Kong and devastated
the area time and again, leaving thousands dead and
costing millions of dollars in property damage. When
these tropical storms threaten, radio and television
carry the following warnings:

Storm Signal 1: Indicates a tropical cyclone is
within 800 km of Hong Kong. Those in the area
should keep abreast of weather warnings.

Storm Signal 3: Means the territory expects
winds of 60 km an hour with gusts over 100. The
storm is closing in; residents tie things down on
rooftops and balconies and bring lightweight objects
inside.

Storm Signal 8: Given once the typhoon is
imminent. Storm-force winds from 60 to 100 km per
hour are expected, with gusts to 180. Planes are
diverted from the area; local transportation (buses,
ferries, etc.) shuts down. People are advised to stay
indoors and away from windows.

Storm Signal 9: Indicates that storm winds are
increasing significantly. No transportation runs.
People should remain within strong shelter (difficult
when many live in shacks or tents on exposed hill-
sides).

Storm Signal 10: The most serious storm signal
given; means that the area is experiencing hurricane
winds of 120 km per hour and above, with gusts up to
220. Even strong shelters may be damaged. Ships may
be sunk or blown up on shore; cars can be hurled
through walls and roofs. Even the strongest of the
shen do not challenge this terrifying force of nature;
wraiths exposed to winds of this level can be
discorporated outright. Anyone caught out in the
open should crouch down beneath a solid structure
away from glass, put his head between his knees, and
kiss his ass good-bye.

The area has ceased even to be a separate entity from the
People's Republic of China since the handover on July 1,
1997, except through guarantees given ina flimsy agreement
granting Hong Kong status as a Special Administrative
Region (SAR) for the next 50 years. For several years before
the handover, Hong Kong's people lived with grave uncer-
tainty about their future; many dreaded the takeover and
prophesied a worst-case scenario. While the masters in
Beijing have not yet thrown aside all their agreements,
certain...adjustments...are being made. Those who once
spoke forcefully in favor of democracy now do so more
quietly, sometimes anonymously. Business and societal deal-
ings alike emphasize the importance of making friends with
the new overlords — or hiding former colonial partnerships.
Already, most of the guarantees given in the Basic Law have
been shunted aside or modified (as with the recent PRC
banning of the Chinese- language version of the book Kowloon
Tong due to its unflattering portrayal of mainland Chinese
businessmen). A few freedoms remain — for now. Many
residents wonder if Beijing is simply biding its time until it
reacquires Macau from Portugal in 1999. Perhaps the Chi-
nese, masters of patient manipulation, are just waiting until
all former European outposts are cleared from their territory
before they start the real crackdown. The uncertainty and
waiting are not yet over; indeed, with the Sixth Age just
around the corner, the countdown has just begun.

HONG KONG ISLAND

The "island," as Hong Kong Island is popularly known,
is home base for an array of enormous banks, luxurious (some
even say decadent) hotels, weirdly constructed futuristic
office buildings and skyscrapers, elegant mansions, amuse-
ment parks and modern resorts. Yet it is also host to the oldest
Chinese communities in the colony, whose wandering, nar-
row streets attest to a very different lifestyle. Quiet fishing
villages snuggle alongside tourist beaches, and the clamor of
crowded, floating communities is offset by peaceful hikes
through the island's wilderness preserves. Neon-sheathed
skyscrapers pose against the undulating green hills central to
the island, thus reflecting a million colors into the dark,
choppy waters below.

Even at night, the streets are awash with humanity,
gweilo and Chinese, Filipino and Indian, all thrown into the
cultural pot and left to boil. In the twisting streets of Wanchai
and the Western District, barhoppers rub shoulders with the
street vendors of the night market, radios and televisions
blare out different stations and mix with the cacophony of
voices laughing, talking, berating and cajoling. Shops oblige
old men who come to drink cha (tea) and "walk" their pet
birds, showing them off in elaborate bamboo cages. As the
people talk, their birds trill, having been taught to sing to one
another. All over the island, the smell of blooming bauhinia

vvvvv vv VT VY VY WV WV WV WV WV W WW

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

a a


A_A4 _A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A

flowers blends with car exhaust and diesel fuel, sizzling
sesame oil and ginger. Humanity's odors — washed and
unwashed bodies, aftershaves and perfumes — merge with
the salt sea-fish tang from the harbor and ever-present
incense sticks.

Moving among the throngs, silent hunters seek out their
supernatural prey, while those being hunted enact their own
search for Chi — the life-force they need to sustain them-
selves. Entrepreneurs and young businesspeople hurry from
meeting to meeting, moving respectfully around a fang shih
who studies his complex compass and tells a house owner
how to rid her property of the bad spirits it has attracted.
Boats, ferries and ships fill the harbors and wait to unload
their tons of goods or disgorge crowds of passengers. One such
ferry is guided safely through by an unseen wraithly hand that
deftly turns the boat at just the right time to avoid a collision.

Western Kindred stare moodily down from their cloud-
high offices, wondering if they should dare to walk the streets
now that the Kuei-jin have returned to claim their island.
Fae shiver in delight at a concert held in the Hong Kong Arts
Centre and drink in the beauty of music and of mortals, then
rip the Yugen from a rock group performing in the sports
arena. Horses thunder along the turf of the Jockey Club in a
glaringly lit night race, while one-girl sampans rock to the

rhythm and sighs of supposed sexual ecstasy in the semi-
darkness — and lack of privacy — among the boat people in
a typhoon shelter. Alone, roaming the darkness of a wilder-
ness preserve, a Khan Bastet removes his police uniform,
elongating and stretching to set free the beast within him and
let it roam the night. In a quiet alleyway off a back street, a
bearded ancient summons a minion, bartering several life-
times of service to the Yama King Mikaboshi in return for the
power to exact vengeance for past wrongs. East meets West,
and both wait for what the future brings, some with anxiety,
others with a toss of the head and a mumbled acceptance.
The dragons shrug and settle deeper in their stony beds. It's
Hong Kong.

CENTRAL DISTRICT

Wall: 9 in many places; as low as 7 near haunts and
dragon lines

Hong Kong thrives on contrast — the grossly wealthy
versus the shantytown poor; technological marvels juxta-
posed against traditional tools; science compared to
superstition; the modern, whirlwind world of moneymaking
set side-by-side with ancient mysteries. Nowhere in Hong
Kong is the world of finance and business more apparent than

ee
Tsing Yi Cry aX ha

Stonecutter's
Island

Victoria Harbow'

Coueway
Ulestern District

Bay

Yoo Do
Kowloon Sir |

North Point

Hong Kong Island

berdeen

Ap Lei Chau

Lamma Island Middle Island

N)
>
Hon Kong Vistri ots)

Round Island

wy

%
ae

vvvvv vv VY VY VY WV WV WY WY WY W W WW

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

su
ay!


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A\__A_

Vehicular
Ferry Pier

fo ome
Wing-on Cay boy, yade
House oem St
frchange a Central Bus
Square
o, General

oS Post Office

90 "se Plaza
St bing
"J Mandarin

ildi
Ro & Sti |
20° Peddie
Buildin _
the A> Wi Sain
Alexandra Hous
<

"| Bui —

y .
Old Dairy Farm ny Jt HK ee Shanghai
<

Chartered
onk Bank

in Central District. Yet even in the hub, a few small oases of
calm remain — a temple set between towering skyscrapers,
a pagoda occupying the courtyard of a modern conglomer-
ate.

The first thing to realize about Central is that it isn't in
the center of Hong Kong; rather, it fronts on the northern
coast, slightly on the western half of the island. Hugging
Victoria Harbor, the panorama of impossibly tall buildings
creates a jigsaw puzzle of interlocking white shapes inter-
spersed here and there with gray, brown, dull-red or gleaming
black. Dark, muted shrubs and trees pockmark the rare
spaces between buildings and rise behind, undulating up-
ward to the Peak far above.

Few of Central's towering constructions betray the four-
square symmetry prevalent in modern American and
European cities. Here, a terraced octagonal structure over-
looks a curve-fronted edifice, which in turn looks down on
a building that resembles a 10-layer birthday cake with holes
carved through it at odd intervals. A maze of glassed-in
skywalks crisscrosses many upper levels, while below,
multilaned streets twist and curve around the buildings,
meeting and merging, separating and opening into plazas,
branching off into graceful cloverleaves one on top of the
other.

Star Fern
Pier ¥

Jardi
i High Block

Gty Nall Low Block } |

a Kong Qub

mn ti

Ging ABP Hilton Hotel

Lower Peak Tram Terminal

| Hong Rong Centkal

Queen's Pier

pase of Wales
Building

a House

Bank of America
Tower

a i

Harcourt Road

Tower 1 4 dmip alty

Centre oe

eee

Queensway

&

. Queensway Plaza
St John's Cathedral gong Of China y thitked Uarbic
é rq One Pasific
US Consulgte © -_.
Government House y 7 & Supreme Court sl
\ Hotel
cotton Island

Shangri-La

Conrad a]

Quivering, vibrant, overflowing with humanity either
on their way to work or rushing homeward, this dynamic
nerve center never sleeps. Central becomes a fairyland of
twinkling lights and colorful illumination after dark. Silver-
white mutes into a soft gold, accentuated with purple, aqua,
crimson and green, which emphasizes the curvatures and
architectural details of each skyscraper and luxury hotel.
Glaring neon-red blazes company names and symbols into
the night. Nightclubs and restaurants swarm with affluent
natives and tourists.

If Central's watchword is money, its outward manifesta-
tion is constant, frantic motion. The rushing, pushing energy
that the district's mortals exhibit keeps Hong Kong vital in
the world marketplace. The city's very success works to
undermine it, though, as each hurdle jumped leads to a
higher, closer one that must be leapt even more proficiently.
Constant anxiety, competition and the Chinese compulsion
to succeed engender fantastic wealth, but also gives way to
widespread corruption. Everything is for sale; nothing is
sacred. Favors, payoffs, vendettas, hostile takeovers, inside
tips and money laundering proceed unchecked alongside a
blatant disregard for law, environmental impact, worker

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

Vv Vv Vv Vv VT WV WV WY WY WY WY WY WY VY WY WYWiWYVYTVaeYwY UY:

A_A A A A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_ A A A _ A ——= Wy

safety or a basic concern for human life. Pretty much any-
thing goes. If tourists think the nightlife is decadent, wait
until they get a good look at big business — Hong Kong-style.

Supernatural Central echoes its mortal counterpart,
checked only by the shen's more spiritual concerns. Kuei-jin
working out their Dharmas may be kinder (strange as it seems
to those more familiar with Western Kindred) and more
concerned with their impact on the mortals around them.
Naturally, many Kuei-jin also indulge in cruelties far beyond

what most mortals believe possible. Hengeyokai position
themselves to grease the wheels of commerce, seeing it as a
metaphor for the ever-turning Wheel of the Ages. Most
changelings find Central too frenetic and too distant for
them and lacking in anything other than tainted dreams of
greed and "making it."

The true overlords of Central are the wraiths. A gateway
leading to the Dark Kingdom of Jade (Wall Rating 5) sits
concealed in the most secret sub-basement of the Bank of
China Tower. The area, unseen by the community, was
intended as a secret underground prison and torture room
where enemies of the PRC could be questioned and dealt
with. Unknowingly, the designers (not the original archi-

tect, but "interior finishers") tapped into a dragon line of Yin
energy, breathed by a slumbering dragon aspected to Yin.

If the business of Hong Kong is business, then the

business of the Dark Kingdom of Jade is the acquisition of
ever more souls. Some mortals might mistake Central's
frantic motion and assume it is an area consumed by its own

.
=o

SS

L
PC
°

SS
Ld

ES

a
=)

passionate Yang aspect. In fact, the breakneck pace conceals
a frozen disregard for everything but the dispassionate world
of high finance. As money became Central's god, the district

long ago surrendered to Yin. Central serves as a counting

—
gi

house for the Jade Emperor; its cold, uncaring facade creates
a system in which bankruptcy, despair and suicide are met
with a shrug, a slight gesture of distaste for the mess, and the
promotion of the next guy in line.

\ lls

om.

Nonetheless, a few outposts of life — and pockets of Chi
— remain within the soul-deadening commercial region.

Ly,

a, 1

Temples dot the landscape here and there, injecting needed

ak. f

patches of color. A few older structures, tottering remains of
the colonial government, still attest to the dreams (however
chauvinistic) of empire that created modern Hong Kong.
Though commuters fill the streets, in plazas and on stairways
here and there, people still find room to perform their slow-
motion tai chi exercises. And the area is hardly inescapable:
Central is really quite small as "big cities" go. Walking from
Central to Causeway Bay, for example, can be done in just
over an hour. Many Kuei-jin do just that, strolling through
the streets of Western or Wanchai amid the throngs, savor-
ing the pulse of the city and the rich Chi available there.
Central has few historic buildings, partly as a conse-
quence of Hong Kong's mania for tearing down almost-new

structures to build even taller, more impressive ones. But, it's

mostly because the amazing business hub of Hong Kong was

e
vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvveweivy a
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK 35


y=

oe

———————————————EOOeeeeooOoOOEOEOOeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee aaa

underwater as recently as a century ago. Virtually all of
Central rests on land reclaimed from the harbor. Despite its
lack of real, antique character, Central does boast the follow-
ing famous (and important) features:

THE STAR FERRY PIER

An unusual business venture in such a modern setting,
the dozen green-and-white double-decker Star Ferries cross
the harbor from Kowloon's Tsimshatsui to Hong Kong's
Central District over 450 times per day. A fixture of daily life,
the ferries (which also provide harbor tours) play host to
tourists and locals alike, who take advantage of the ridicu-
lously low fares and the convenience of transportation that
leaves every few minutes. Hong Kong's residents were so
dependent on the Star Ferry line in the past that a proposed
rate hike of HK 5 cents caused a riot. Today, with the cross-
harbor tunnels, MTR (Mass Transit Railway) and even
helitaxis, the ferries are no longer the only game in town.

Still, they provide a quieter, more romantic mode of
travel, made more mysterious and beautiful after dark when
the fantastic lights shine and sparkle in the dark waters of the
harbor. While natives read the news or discuss the races,
tourists goggle at the myriad of ships that fill Victoria Harbor
sampans, junks, freighters, tankers, and other ferries — all
maneuvering for space in the harbor that has shrunk with
each year and each land-reclamation scheme. And once
docked, travelers come out of the underpass from the pier.
From the brief but relaxing trip, they're slammed into the
downtown Central bustle — back to business as usual.

ON THE HARBOR

Coming up from the harbor, two structures immediately
garner attention. The first is Jardine House — 52-stories high
and studded with rows of porthole windows, it more than
earns its Chinese name of "House of a Thousand Orifices."
The Hong Kong Tourist Association's Information and Gift
Center occupies a spot in Jardine House's basement shopping
arcade. The dominant structures on the waterfront, how-
ever, are the blue-glass towers of Exchange Square. Housing
Hong Kong's Stock Exchange, the exchange also offers
several major merchant banks and international trading
companies.

THE MAIN DRAGS

Three parallel streets cut through Central, linking the
area with the Western District and Wanchai. Queens Road
Central, farthest from the water, abutted the harbor in the
1860s. The great trading hongs such as Jardine, Matheson &
Co., and Swine & Co., who dominated China trade in teas,
silk and opium (and who now own huge chunks of the
world), built their headquarters along Queens Road and

A_A _A A A A _A_A_A_A_A A _A_A__A_A_A_A_A

established undisputed command of the waterfront. Today
the street is a shopper's paradise, lined with expensive
jewelry shops and large department stores. Des Voeux Road,
the central street, became the heart of Hong Kong's commer-
cial district almost as soon as it was built on reclaimed land.
The Hongkong and Shanghai Bank and Bank of Canton
established their sites on Des Voeux Road in the 1880s. The
MTR follows the layout of Des Voeux Road as it winds
through Hong Kong. Connaught Road, constructed from
more recently reclaimed land fronts on the harbor, becomes
Harcourt Road as it moves east toward Wanchai. Across
from Connaught Road Central lies Statue Square.

STATUE SQUARE

Wall Rating: 6

This green park in the foreground of the Bank of China
Tower once held a statue of Queen Victoria. Appropriately,
as testament to Central's overriding concern with finance,
the park now hosts only a statue of Sir Thomas Jackson,
manager of the Hongkong and Shanghai Bank for 30 years.
An open, pleasant place with fountains and benches, Statue
Square is usually an oasis of calm. On Sundays, the area is
inundated with Filipina maids (amahs) picnicking and so-
cializing on their day off. Some shen have noted that later in
the evening, the park provides a quiet place where private
meetings are rarely disturbed. Perhaps because of the happi-
ness that bathes the park at least once a week, the area has
developed a small store of Chi energy. Most beings find it
difficult to display deeply negative emotions (rage, hate,
despair) while within the park.

CENTRAL MARKET

Wall Rating: 7

Depending on the source, Central Market is either on
the westernmost edge of the Central District or comprises
the eastern fringe of the Western District. In character, the
Central Market is more like the Western District. Easily
located by following the smells wafting east from either
Queens Road or Des Voeux Road, the market is busiest in
early morning, when fresh fish, meat, poultry, fruits and
vegetables are delivered. Several floors are divided among
300 stalls according to the wares offered: live fish, eels,
turtles, crabs, chickens and quail being slaughtered on the
ground floor, meat one floor up and fruit and vegetables
available on the third. With its pervasive odors of fish and
blood and gruesome hacking apart of food animals (as an
example, fish are sliced lengthwise, but the cut is made above
the heart so it continues to beat, pumping blood throughout
the body...mmm...fresh!), Central Market is a delightful
oasis of Yin Chi. Shen who thrive on such energies often tour
the premises, either while the morning slaughtering is hap-
pening or after closing.

vvvovvvvvevvyvewyes''?#G'®VGi;W'YV'YiYVYsiVvYiSFYv

HONG HONG BY NGHT


A_A4 _A4 A _A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Central Market marks the start (or terminus) of the
2,600-foot-long escalator complex that rises up the hillside
to the Mid-Levels on Victoria Peak. Designed to assist
commuters who live in the Mid-Levels but who work in
Central, this series of escalators and moving sidewalks first
opened in 1933. These devices are on stilts above the
buildings, giving a weird view of the city below. Escalators
operate downhill from 6 A.M. until 10 A.M., then are run in
reverse to go uphill from 10 A.M. until 11 P.M., taking about
15 minutes from Mid-Level to Central.

KIOSHO TECHNOLOGIES

Japanese-owned and easier to work for than most Hong
Kong high-tech firms, Kiosho Technologies toes the razor-
sharp edge of modern invention and manufacturing. The
Hong Kong branch of the Tokyo-based corporation special-
izes in entertainment concerns and hopes to be first in the
race for the newest, smallest and least expensive video and
audio recording and playback units of the future. Workers
can benefit from Kiosho Technologies' Corporate College
(on the building's 21st floor) and housing and travel assis-
tance. (The corporation helps promising employees find
better housing and helps them defray travel costs to and from
work by buying travel passes in bulk and arranging for entire
floors or buildings in housing estates to be leased to company
employees.) Those who exceed company quotas, offer useful
suggestions or otherwise perform in ways beneficial to the
company often receive rewards ranging from bonus pay to
videotape players.

Shaped like a partially opened fan, the Kiosho Building
towers 45-stories high — a virtual dwarf among some of the
taller edifices of Central. Kiosho Masahiro, owner of the firm
and a Japanese Genji, claims the penthouse floor — includ-
ing a covered swimming pool and night-blooming garden —
for his own.

THE PEAK TRAM STATION

Before the advent of the Peak Tram, a trip up Victoria
Peak (via sedan chair) took three hours. Since the 1880s,
when the first Peak Tram was introduced, the trek has been
reduced to eight minutes. Actually, the world's steepest
funicular railway rather than a tram, the Peak Tram climbs
from its station behind the Hilton Hotel in Central District
up to the Peak Tower over 1,000 feet above sea level. As the
railway car moves upward, the tall buildings seem to lean in
over the train. Pulled up and lowered down via 5,000-foot-
long cables, the Peak Tram is considered the safest transport
in Hong Kong. In all its years, there has never been an
accident, even though it is used daily by commuting workers
and schoolchildren as well as a myriad of tourists. A pedes-

THE SHEN OF CENTRAL

The following shen can usually be found
around and amid the Central District.

e Angtio Chun: Kuei-jin who inhabits a
luxury apartment on the fringes of Central's fi-
nancial district.

e Bishamon Kazuko: A Japanese Kuei-jin,
she resides currently in a closet-sized apartment
near Central's western edge.

© Kiosho Masahiro: Japanese Genji who lives
in the penthouse of Kiosho Technologies.

© Lao Chi, heimin: He calls home a hideously
expensive apartment in Central's Blooming Gar-
dens Apartment Complex.

¢ Camille T'sien, Robert Pedder's childe:
Ventrue. An "entertainer," Camille maintains
several havens (including one very private one —
a cottage in Aberdeen on the south side of the
island); her primary refuge is in an older apart-
ment building in Central that is slated for rebuilding
early next year.

© Jo Wu, Glass Walker Garou: When not at
the Mother of Peach Trees Caern, she lives in a
penthouse apartment in Central's posh Dragon's
Tears Condominiums.

e Chika Masato, Japanese ronin Hakken
(Shadow Lord): He resides currently in the pricey
Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Central, but he spends
as much time as he can in the wilderness preserves
on the island.

e Simone Carsweld, Syndicate mage: As a
member of Pearl Paradigms, she rents a penthouse
atop the elegant glass-and-steel spiral Pearl Para-
digm building, where she has a stunning view
across the harbor to Kowloon.

¢ Lorenco Gil, Progenitor mage: He has an
apartment in the sublevels of the Pearl Paradigm
building as well as a getaway home on Lantau.

¢ Pavithra Adri, Iteration X mage: She lives
in her lab in the Pearl Paradigm building.

¢ Neng Shou, Syndicate mage: He also has an
apartment in the Pearl Paradigm building but
spends most of his time in his Kowloon apartment.

rye

i i a me, aa a, a a ce

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

anhiy
I ws


A_A4 _A _A _A _A_A_A_A__A_A__A __A_A__A__A_A__A__A__Aj_

trian walkway branches off from the Peak Tower, curving
around and offering a breathtaking view of the Mid-Levels,
Central and Victoria Harbor.

THE LANDMARK

Typical of Central's style, the Landmark consists of five
floors of chic, up-to-date shops surrounding a huge (20,000-
square-foot) atrium. Over 100 shops form the outer perimeter
of the atrium, while its center is graced by a magnificent
round fountain with water streams and brilliant lighting.
The fountain can be covered to become a stage if needed.
Exhibitions and lunch-time concerts are featured in the
Landmark. Younger Kuei-jin frequent the Landmark in search
of quick "snacks."

HONGKONG AND SHANGHAI BANK
Founded by China traders in 1864, this bank has played

a major role in financing the colony of Hong Kong since its
inception. Though occupying the same spot since the 1880s,
the bank's new building was completed in 1985. Known to
locals as the "Robot Building,"
triumph/monstrosity claims world fame as the most expen-
sive building ever constructed. Costing over $US 1 billion,
its unique architecture attracts serious architects and con-

the 47-story architectural

fused gawkers. Constructed "inside out," the gears, motors,
moving parts and gizmos that run the elevators and escalators
are all visible. Stairwells do have walls (for safety reasons),
but they are made of glass. Structural supports are external,
with the ladderlike walls hung from towers like a suspension
bridge.

The building is supported by groups of pillars, allowing
visitors to walk underneath and look up through the glass
into the high atrium above. Open offices ring the central
space. The entire building is anathema to those people who
are afraid of heights. Stone lions guard the entrance and the
escalators are set at a peculiar angle. The building's eccen-
tricities are attributed to a fang shih's advice to refrain from
offending the spirits (most notably a dragon whose view
would have been blocked by a more opaque structure).

BANK OF CHINA TOWER

The other side of the feng shui coin, this gleaming tower,
sheathed in reflective glass and incorporating a series of
defining triangular and prismatic angles, houses the official
financial institution of the People's Republic of China. At
just over 1200 feet, the structure was the tallest building in
Hong Kong (and Asia) until outdone by the recently com-
pleted Central Plaza. Designed by I.M. Pei, a

Chinese-American architect, the Bank of China Tower is

+ ae Ea \!

A ile Sn ili ili il, i, i, i a, i el el ll il! ll

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A A A __A__A_A

intended to impress upon Hong Kong China's might and
dominant position. Impressive it is, from its mirrors and
angles that reflect bad Chi and point it toward the other
financial institutions in the area, to its twin rooftop "chop-
sticks," to its barreled vaults modeled on Ming Dynasty
tombs. Housed within the ultramodern exterior, the Tsui
Museum of Art contains over 200 works, many of them
priceless antiques. Despite this attempt to humanize the
structure, bad vibes radiate from the soaring, spearlike tower
(see above for its connection to the Dark Kingdom of Jade),
and locals sometimes refer to it as China's rude, blue finger.

WESTERN DISTRICT

Sprawling, crowded Western District starts only a running
jump away from the skyscrapers and luxury hotels of Central, but
those few steps are enough to open up a different world. The
oldest settled part of Hong Kong, Western originally played host
tothe China traders and colonial British. The latter soon moved
toa less malarial area, leaving Western to the Chinese. Packed
with traditional businesses, crowded residences, small temples
and numerous street stalls, Western retains much of its early
character, color and energy.

SHEUNG WAN

A webwork of streets and narrow lanes running west-
ward from the Central Market, Sheung Wan features
traditional Chinese markets and shops. It adjoins the Macao
Ferry Terminal and is viewed as most representative of the
Western District. From Wing Sing Street's gloomy egg
sellers (some of whom make the famous hundred-year-old
eggs) to the stalls in Man Wa Lane, where official name seals
known as "chops" are carved of wood, soapstone or porce-
lain, Sheung Wan's businesses are far more interesting and
odd than Central's high finances. The Western Market has
kept its Edwardian brick and ironwork shell but hosts an arts-
and-crafts center within. Bonham Strand's fame comes from
its flourishing snake shops, which sell snakes' bile and gall
bladders in wine as a cure for rheumatism and most other ills
— the more poisonous the snake, the better the cure! Street
barbers rub shoulders with herbal wholesalers, whose main-
stay — ginseng — can cost thousands of dollars.

A few nocturnal businesses within Sheung Wan feature
even more bizarre wares, goods catering to the shen. One
store is run by an unscrupulous (and, if legend is to be
believed, centuries-old) slaver who sells human victims from
a sound-proofed underground abattoir; Kuei-jin aspected to
Yang particularly prize the vendor's stock of delectable
children. Another emporium hawks powdered rhino horn,
inks supposedly harvested from giant squid (which are re-
puted to secrete the best calligraphic inks), and other tools
of the trade for Hong Kong's Awakened.

FENG SHUI

It's not just in Central that architecture is a
major concern. Throughout all the districts of Hong
Kong, buildings look odd (with doorways set at
strange angles, bulbous windows or pagodalike tow-
ers atop flat roofs, mirrors hung outside windows 20
stories up). Many are constructed of strange materi-
als, incorporate weird symbols or colors, are set into
catty-corners or juxtapose modern design with tradi-
tional Chinese elements. That's feng shui at work.

Feng shui is an ancient and subtle art intended
to align dwellings and tombsites in harmony with
both heavenly emanations and earthly configura-
tions (blending spirit and matter). If both architecture
and landscape are in accord with the principles of
feng shui, happiness and prosperity accrue to the
occupants. This geomantic practice reaches beyond
the merely physical aspect of designing pleasing
spaces, seeing in that creation a means to promote
agreeable spiritual sites as well. Thus, a harmonious
house provides the atmosphere in which physical
well-being is coupled with spiritual growth.

The term feng shui means "wind-water," not to
overemphasize those two elements beyond others
(such as fire and earth), but because the nature of
feng shui is like the wind (incomprehensible and
changed by the most minute forces) and the water
(which cannot be grasped, though it can be held
within a physical vessel). The words acknowledge
the balance of spirit (symbolized by the wind) and
matter (the water).

So what exactly does all this mean?

In essence, using geomantic principles to deter-
mine harmonious placement of a structure ensures
that it won't interfere with the feng shui lines (also
called dragon lines), either cutting off their energy
flow or crossing them at bad angles. Poor placement
means disaster, though corrective steps (moving
doorways, cutting holes through the structure to
allow the free flow of Chi, etc.) can alleviate the
problem. More scientific followers believe that ad-
hering to feng shui balances buildings and tombsites
along magnetic lines and according to underground
waterways; traditionalists, on the other hand, aver
that following the geomancer's dictates pleases the
dragons who sleep beneath the earth. The bottom
line is that it works, and the Chinese are nothing if
not practical.

y

i i a, i a. i, i, ee a a

V RV VV. BY. 3¥.
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

39


wl) ge

=
A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A™¥

HOLLYWOOD ROAD

Hollywood Road curves through the district, stuffed
with secondhand shops, antique dealers, curio sellers, stores
offering everything from blackwood furniture to painted
screens, a few Chinese apothecaries and tourist junk. Also
along Hollywood Road are coffin sellers and shops that make
traditional silk funeral clothes (fashionable among certain
Kuei-jin). Almost anything can be found for sale along this
road, including jewelry, mystical tomes, illegal drugs and
specialty porno items. Shen haunt this area and browse for
bargains among mortal buyers.

THE SHEVOF POKFULAN AND KENNEDY TOWN

Any of those mentioned here can be found in the
area by those who look hard enough.

© Bai Chen, Kuei-jin: She is a member of Chun's
wu and resides near Kennedy Town.

© Oliver Thrace, Tremere: Head of the Tremere
in Hong Kong, he lives in the chantry, a small, two-
story building sandwiched between two brothels
(disguised as secondhand shops) on Hollywood Road.

¢ Wan Zhu, Tremere: Thrace's childe lives in the
Tremere Chantry.

© Stephen Bateson, "Tremere": He lives in the
chantry but has several boltholes throughout Hong
Kong and Kowloon.

¢ Miao Min, Sun Hou Tzu (Monkey King): She
lives near Hong Kong University with her family and
shares a lakshmi with other Monkey Kings in the
middle of Aw Boon Haw Gardens.

¢ Bian Tu, Chu-ih-yu (fae crafter): He has a shop
just off the Cat Street Market; his lakshmi (freehold),
which is just large enough to hold him, is in a small,
enclosed garden behind his house.

¢ Dai Yun, Heng Po (storm children): She occu-
pies a small hut nestled in a cove on the western shores
of Hong Kong Island.

¢ Lian Ting, Akashic mage: She lives in a small
temple off Upper Lascar Row.

¢ Ren Wei, Shih demon hunter: He lives in a tiny
basement apartment near Hong Kong University.

© Da Nan, wraith: He has a haunt in an old cove
where pirate ships used to dock on the western side of
Hong Kong Island.

MAN MO TEMPLE

The well-known Man Mo Temple sits on the western
end of Hollywood Road. One of Hong Kong's oldest temples,
its adornments and interior decorations evoke the mainland
China of a century ago. The temple is dark inside and filled
with smoke from hanging cylindrical bell-shaped coils of
incense. The temple's name derives from its two aspects:
"man," which means civil, and "mo," which indicates mar-
tial. The man aspect is dedicated to Man Cheong (God of
Literature, patron of civil servants), whose statue is clad in
red robes and wields a writing brush, while the mo aspect is
represented by Kuan Ti (God of War, protector of pawn
shops, policemen, the military and secret societies — an
intriguing combination that allows triad members, the pawn-
shop owners whose protection money they take, and the
police trying to arrest the triads, to worship side by side).
Kuan Ti is dressed in green and holds a sword.

The major attraction at the Man Mo Temple (where
both Buddhists and Taoists worship) is the fortune-telling
performed on the premises. People shake bamboo cylinders
filled with inscribed sticks until one of the sticks falls out. It
is then presented to an interpreter, who tells the person her
fortune.

Ladder Street crosses Hollywood Road right by the temple.
The last of its kind, Ladder Street is actually asteep stairway used
in the 19th century by sedan bearers to help them carry their
burdens up more easily to residential areas along Caine Road. It
is one of the few places in Hong Kong where older-style
shuttered houses still exist. Their balconies jut out over Ladder
Street, making it seem almost like a tunnel.

"CAT STREET"

Upper Lascar Row used to be called Cat Street (and still is
by many of Western's residents). In our world, the area once
housed a notorious red-light district; in the World of Darkness,
the district and its inhabitants still exist. The Cat Street area is
also known as the Thieves' Market. The two appellations
(combining tomcatting with cat burglary) give the street its
name. The area is also noted for its cheap flea markets (though
someone may find a piece of fine jade there occasionally). For
the more discerning (and discreet), other items can be pur-
chased at Cat Street Market, including guns, drugs and fake IDs.
Broken-down rooming houses, hiding places for mortal — and
supernatural — fugitives, dot the area as well. The region
provides ample hunting grounds for Kuei-jin wu.

Shen are sometimes attracted to a small, almost-hidden
temple in Ting Pai Shan (Hidden Mountain) — an early
Chinese settlement noted for its plague outbreaks and early
triad strongholds. The temple, dedicated to Kuan Yin, the
Buddhist Goddess of Mercy, is dwarfed physically by other
more impressive temples nearby, but it houses a nigh-tan-
gible node (Wall Rating 5) of Yang Chi beneath it. Several

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A a I a i a, i a a

A__A__A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A_A

shen, including Bai Chen and Miao Min, have made a pact

to protect the temple, and trespassers are typically dealt with
harshly.

POKFULAN AND KENNEDY TOWN

Aside from residential areas, there isn't much to see
beyond Sheung Wan before reaching Kennedy Town on
Hong Kong's western coast. One exception is the Fung Ping
Shan Museum of Chinese Art, which holds collections of
bronze mirrors, ceramics from Neolithic pottery through the
various dynasties, and swords and statuettes. It also holds a
rare collection of Nestorian Christian relics — over 900
crosses, some cruciform, others shaped like birds, circles,
stars and swastikas (an ancient mystic symbol long before
the Nazis adopted it). People can walk to the grounds of
Hong Kong University from the museum. Kennedy Town
itself is an overlooked area of the island that is somewhat
rundown with ramshackle tenements and markets, water-
front godowns, and cranes unloading ships and junks painted
in their traditional green and red. Kennedy Town serves as
a destination point for some of the seaborne smuggling that
occurs throughout Southeast Asia.

THE PEAR (AND MID-LEVELS)

The place to live since early colonial days, the Peak
boasts fabulous mansions offering a spectacular view of the
city and harbor below. Originally dotted with cool summer
homes for the wealthy, the Peak used to be almost bare rock.
A concerted effort to plant greenery has transformed it into
a verdant haven filled with birdsong. The only way up in
early times was to walk or be carried in a sedan chair, and the
racist colonists banned Chinese from living on the Peak.
Now, mansions vie for apartment blocks, all jostling for
position, the best view and reputations for the phenomenal
cost of owning or renting these exclusive properties. Since
the Hotungs broke the barrier and became the first Chinese
family to live on the Peak, the only criterion for residence on
the Peak is a whole lot of money (say, about $US 70 million
for a small dwelling). Interestingly, for someone so con-
cerned with "human rights," barrister Martin Lee, leader of
Hong Kong's United Democrats, lives on the Peak rather
than using his money to relieve the lot of Hong Kong's poor.

Mid-Levels is the community of high-rise apartment
buildings and attractive houses halfway up the Peak. Ranged
around a ledge cut into the mountainside, Mid-Levels pro-
vides housing that is slightly less prestigious than that on the
Peak. More development of Mid-Levels was planned at one
time but banned in the wake of the terrible (and costly)
mudslides in the 1970s.

SHEN OF THE PEAK

Only one shen resides openly on the Peak.

© Gwendolyn Fleming, Toreador: She owns a lavish
mansion here, complete with its own concert hall and small
theater. Gwendolyn stages evening entertainment for the
elite and showcases her latest discoveries. Her actual resting
place lies below the mansion in an elaborate crypt cut deep
into the mountainside.

Although the following two shen do not actually live on
the Peak, it is the closest point of reference for locating them.

© Qian Shi, Kumo (Goblin Spider): He occupies an
elaborate underground home beneath Victoria Peak, acces-
sible only through secret tunnels branching off from the
MTR or through the Yang World.

¢ An Sheng, Kuei-jin: This member of the Righteous
Devils lives beneath a small temple in the hills near the Peak.

WANCHAL

Wanchai, once the center of R&R for sailors, soldiers
and merchant marines, a place where a wink and a waggle
could signal an assignation, has now fallen victim to gaudier
"hostess clubs," discos and topless bars. Still the center for
nightlife, Wanchai has night markets selling everything
from fruit to tailored suits (not to mention any sort of illicit
sex one might desire).

This sleazy underbelly of Hong Kong is undergoing a
facelift in the real world. Not so in the World of Darkness.
Western tourists and natives flock to Wanchai like flies to
dung and lose themselves in the smattering of newer attrac-
tions or in the countless older sleaze-pits. The area is haunted
by certain recently arrived Kuei-jin who use the area as an
easy means of sustenance. In Wanchai, it matters little
whether one feeds by luring prey to one's haven or by
snatching them openly off the street; disappearances here are
as common as venereal disease.

THE ARTS CENTRE AND CENTRAL PLAZA

Wanchai's two latest claims to fame are the anomalous
Hong Kong Arts Centre, a 15-story venue featuring much of
the fine drama, films and contemporary art in the territory,
and the notable Central Plaza. Until the latter was built, the
Bank of Hong Kong Tower was the tallest building in Hong
Kong. Now that honor goes to Central Plaza. Its 78 stories are
built of reinforced concrete and topped by a glass pyramid
from which a 180-foot-high mast thrusts upward. Never ones
to be overly impressed by new architectural wonders, the
locals call it "the Big Syringe." Clad in reflective glass curtain
walls, bedecked with neon, and topped by the pyramid that

i i i i, i a i i a a el a a ee a, ee

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

"a
wl,

4


A __A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A—A—A__A_A,

shoots out computer-controlled, color-coded lights, Central
Plaza is the brightest, gaudiest combatant in the war for
attention along the harbor.

NIGHTLIFE

Lockhart Road epitomizes the character of Wanchai's
red-light district. Even after the Communist takeover, its
many bars and restaurants still attract a large nighttime

clientele, and a stroll down the street at night elicits all
manner of raunchy offers. Off Lockhart, down a quieter
alleyway, stands the House of Seven Tigers — a two-story
brothel with a reputation for clean, pleasant "hostesses" and
for little tolerance for rough trade. Most of the hostess bars
in Wanchai are not so genteel. Patrons are enticed into
sleazy bars through promises of cheap drinks and "interna-
tional model dancers," where a topless waitress brings a

SHEN OF WANCHAI

A disparate group of shen make their homes in the
area.

¢ Gan Shuo, pronounced akuma (devil) by the
Quincunx: He seeks to lose himself in the red-light district
of Wanchai. Involved in child porn and snuff films, he has
entered a pact with the Dark Kingdom of Jade. Gan Shuo
dwells beneath a stonecutter's shop, where he attempts to
lower the Wall and thus create a gateway into the Middle
Kingdom for his wraithly allies.

e Lang Shan, Kuei-jin: She keeps a small apartment
near Gan Shuo, but most often spends her time aboard her

ship The Golden Serpent.

5, Me ee Ma Oe, SG a,

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

¢ Wu Yong, Iron Ghost, Glass Walker: He has ties to
Wanchai's underworld; he stays mostly at the Mother of
Peach Trees Caern but shares an apartment off Hennessey
Road with members of the Iron Brotherhood.

¢ Melody Trelawny, Stygian wraith: She haunts a
brothel in Wanchai.

¢ Ji Pa, Wu-Keng mage: She pushes her food cart
through the streets of Wanchai disguised as a street
vendor. She inhabits a tiny flat in Wanchai's slum section.

¢ Ming Hu, a Wu Lung mage: An actor, he resides in
a small apartment above an herbal shop in the back streets

of Wanchai.

eee

oe, ce, gee, cee ee, de

A_A_A_A _A_A _ A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

drink and talks amiably for a few minutes. Soon thereafter,
a waiter gives the bill for $HK500 or so and points to an
illegible or mostly concealed sign explaining that talking to
the waitresses costs $HK400 for 5 minutes. Protests are
handled by triad members, who explain the situation happily
and accept cash or travelers' checks in lieu of breaking arms
or necks.

One such bar, the House of the Ebon Dragon (Wall 6),
is almost conspicuous in its unobtrusiveness. Located well off
any main thoroughfares, this place is dark and laid out in an
unhealthy manner, and far less lively than most brothels.
The Dragon's gloomy interior smells of unwashed bodies and
mildew. Vagrants, junkies, cripples, and hollow-eyed chil-
dren slump in corners, some chained in alcoves awaiting the
attentions of the shen who frequent the place. The House of
the Ebon Dragon is a neutral meeting ground for Hong
Kong's shen. Even Thrace's minions have been known to
consort with their rivals here, though they suffer occasional
ambushes after leaving the establishment.

Wanchai's market is similar to the Central Market, but
nearby is the Pak Tai Temple. Dedicated to Pak Tai, the
Military Protector and Emperor of the North who was
charged with maintaining harmony on Earth, it isn't surpris-
ing that the temple houses craftsmen who make traditional
burial offerings from bamboo and paper. These delicate
works of art are burned to equip the dead in the afterlife.

HAPPY VALLEY, PASTIMES AND GAMBLING

Happy Valley's best known (and some say only) attrac-
tion is the Happy Valley Racecourse, where thousands wager
amonth's salary on the outcome of a single race. Betting on
the ponies is one of the two legal ways to gamble in Hong
Kong (the other is at mahjong, see below). Gambling is a
mania among the Chinese, who have been accused of bet-
ting hundreds of dollars on everything from which pickpocket
will steal a gweilo's wallet to which fly will land on a plate of
food first. Secondary in interest are the many cemeteries
(catering to Muslims, Catholics, Jews and Parsee); the Hong
Kong Cricket Club; and Aw Boon Haw Gardens, a garish
"amusement park" and testament to the idea that a Chinese
Disneyland might be a really terrible idea.

THE JOCKEY CLUB

Thoroughbreds race at a course almost as old as the
colony itself, while Hong Kong's exclusive Jockey Club is a
hub for the social elite. It is thought that much of the true
business in Hong Kong is conducted in the club's restaurants
and posh bars, where business tycoons, multimillionaires
and government dignitaries meet and mingle.

AW BOON HAW GARDENS

Aw Boon Haw Gardens is a mishmash of grottos, stair-
ways, grotesque multicolored statues of gods and animals
from Chinese mythology, wall carvings of Hell's many tor-
ments, and pagodas. Built by Mr. Aw Boon Haw, amillionaire
who made his money from Tiger Balm, the "gardens" form a
bizarre and tasteless attraction.

Near the colorful grotesquerie of these gardens lies a
series of refugee camps. The squalid camp is enclosed behind
barbed wire and home to the dispossessed of Southeast Asia,
with a high proportion of the lame, the blind, and the
diseased clinging desperately to their dreary existences. For
Kuei-jin, this place is a disease-ridden, but nonetheless

THE NATIONAL PASTIME: MAHJONG

Like Hong Kong street life played out in
miniature, mahjong rushes along at a frenetic pace
— tiles clacking as they are slammed onto the
table, players betting and shouting, flashing through
the moves of the game at a pace too fast for the
uninitiated to follow. Betting chips and money
flutter from hand to hand. Loud conversation
accompanies each move, as if the participants
were screaming insults preparatory to a wild kung
fu match. The noise deafens when even there are
only a few games going on. When 100 games are
afoot, cacophony ensues. Some Westerners claim
to be driven insane by the din and the tension. It
seems as though multitudes of fistfights could
break out over disagreements at any moment.

Mahjong is all-pervasive. The Chinese play it
at the beach, during their lunch breaks, even at
dinner parties. One story tells of a wedding invita-
tion that informed the guests (in English) to arrive
for the ceremony and wedding banquet at 8:30. In
Chinese characters, however, was the notice that
mahjong players should arrive at six, so that they
might enjoy a rousing pre-wedding game. Despite
the clamor, the Chinese play mahjong to relax and
to polish their skill at betting. Some adherents
even believe they can judge a possible ally's or
enemy's personality and gain insight into his
thought processes through a challenge to a friendly
mahjong game — a ploy that the old Tai-pan
Robert Pedder never recognized. To the Kuei-jin
of Hong Kong, it was always obvious that Pedder
would flee rather than stay under Chinese rule.
They knew it from his style (and lack of expertise)
in mahjong.

i A a i, i i i a, a al, a, a el el

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK


NY)
\

ss

A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_Ah_

serviceable, buffet. Both Qian Shi and Gan Shuo come here
regularly to feast on the inhabitants' blood; the akuma and
Kumo have formed an uneasy truce, but each secretly plots
the other's destruction.

CAUSEWAY BAY

Causeway Bay actually was a bay until a land-reclama-
tion project in the 1950s. Today, thanks in part to the Cross
Harbor Tunnel, it has emerged as its own little city. Best
known for its huge typhoon shelter, Causeway Bay sports
deluxe hotels and the 42-story World Trade Center, which

itself abounds with offices, nightclubs and restaurants.

THE WATERFRONT

The Hong Kong Yacht Club shares the bay with the
typhoon shelter, and many of Hong Kong's people prove that
literally their ship has come in by owning a yacht. The
famous Noon-Day Gun, a cannon that faces out over the
waterfront, was fired each day at noon under British rule.
Though immortalized in a line by Noel Coward, the duty was
placed upon one of the Hongs in the 1880s as atonement for
a piece of Victorian skullduggery.

SHOPS AND RESTAURANTS

Causeway Bay may be mistaken easily for a continuation
of its western neighbor, Wanchai, at least in terms of the
traditional shops in the area that sell everything from funeral
effigies to woks. Near the Excelsior Hotel, which overlooks

THE SHEN OF SOUTHSIDE

Though scattered, these shen can be found on
Hong Kong's southern side.

¢ Dong Tao, Zhong Lung (Mokolé): He lives
among the Tanka boat people in Aberdeen Harbor,
staying with his great-granddaughter, her husband, and
his new grandchild.

¢ Kuan Hui, wraith: Her haunt is in Stanley,
where she died, but she also frequents the house in
Aberdeen where her gweilo lover's descendants now
live.

¢ Duncan Gordon, wraith: A soldier in WWII,
Gordon is now one of the Western wraiths of Hong
Kong. His haunt is in the ruins of the Repulse Bay
Hotel, where the British soldiers made a valiant last
stand against the invading Japanese.

© Michaela Neff (Merit-neferu), Shemsu-heru
vizier of Asia, mummy: She lives in a small, well-kept
house in Stanley.

the typhoon shelter, exists a block of cheap Japanese-owned
shopping outlets, movie theaters and hundreds of smaller
shops selling cameras and CD players. But Causeway Bay is
most noted for its many eating establishments: Food Street,
an 80,000-square-foot stretch, contains about 30 eateries
that attract 100,000 people each week to dine on Peking
duck, Japanese, Indian, and Szechuan delicacies, and even
American-style beefsteak. Italian, Vietnamese, Russian and
German restaurants are found on Hysan Avenue among
dozens of boutiques. Western Kindred come to the area to
sample the cooking secondhand.

NORTH POINT AND BEYOND

North Point and other reaches (Quarry Bay, Shau Ki
Wan and Chai Wan) sit east of Victoria Peak. Somewhat
shabby, they host industrial areas and high-rise apartments.
The main attractions (if they can be called such) in the area
are the Tam Kung Temple in Shau Ki Wan and an enormous
Chinese cemetery in Chai Wan. Many mid-range apartment
complexes take up most of North Point and the other eastern
districts. Besides a few movie theaters and department stores,
the area isn't much of a tourist attraction.

Past North Point and actually in Quarry Bay lies the
Hong Kong Funeral Home — the largest mortuary on the
island — and its attendant wreathmakers. Quarry Bay now
has Taikoo Shing, a recent vertical (high-rise) city, and
Cityplaza | and II, a shopping and entertainment area featur-
ing cinemas, bowling alleys and roller rinks.

THESOUTHERN SIDE OF THE ISLAND

Shek O, Stanley, Repulse Bay and Ocean Park are on
Hong Kong's south (ocean) side. The area features rocky
coasts, white beaches and small fishing villages, but no office
buildings and factories, and it is either quiet and seemingly
deserted or as noisy as a carnival and filled with tourists —
depending on which area you visit. Ocean Park, the world's
largest oceanarium, has attractions ranging from the Shark
Aquarium to the sky cablecars to Ocean Theater (where
dolphins and whales perform), and from the Dragon, one of
the longest rollercoasters ever built, to the animatronic
museum known as the Middle Kingdom, which brings 5,000
years of Chinese history to life. Ocean Park is adjacent to the
water slides and plastic beaches of Water World.

SHEKO

Shek O is best known for its beach, where Sunday
bathers gather. Hiding beyond Shek O Village and its bath-
ers' market are several beautiful, luxurious mansions owned
by some of Hong Kong's richest residents.

Ye Yee Oe Oe Oe aera Oe One OT he

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A _A__A_A_A__A_A__A__A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A

STANLEY

Founded long before being given the English name
Stanley, this town owes its existence to the pirate Cheung Po
Tsai, who captured the island in 1770. Though quieter
during the week than most other parts of Hong Kong,
Stanley's market (selling fashionable clothing, rattan, art-
work, food and almost anything else people might want) and
beach host thousands of visitors on weekends. Near the

SHEN OF CAUSEWAY BAY

Most shen who can be found in Causeway Bay
are not residents, but visitors attracted by the easy
access to mortals.

¢ Mao Lun, Kuei-jin: He resides in the basement
of an old feng shui shop down a little-traveled alley-
way in Causeway Bay, where he practices geomancy °
for his nighttime clientele.

¢ Huan Hai, Kuei-jin: She makes her home in a

sampan among the Tanka boat people, sleeping below

sea level during day; she oversees protection rackets
among the floating slums of Victoria Harbor and
Causeway Bay, and she helps shen find safe passage
and shelter from demon hunters.

e Liu Shao, Kuei-jin: He lives with the Hoklo
boat people in Causeway Bay.

village rests Stanley Prison, where the Japanese interned
British prisoners-of-war in WWII, and the Stanley Military
Cemetery. Both remind viewers of Hong Kong's grim past.

REPULSE BAY

Rising against the backdrop of the green hills over
which the Japanese army invaded in 1941, the noted Re-
pulse Bay Hotel (designed with a hole in the center — either
in response to feng shui considerations or for wind control)
overlooks often-widened Repulse Bay Beach. The resort
becomes a madhouse when weekend sunbathers descend
upon it. Named for the battleship HMS Repulse, it, too, once
served as a pirate base.

ABERDEEN

Aberdeen is best known for its ideal typhoon anchor-
age, which is home to some 20,000 of Hong Kong's 70,000
boat people. Not to be confused with the Vietnamese boat
people who have fled their homeland since the ‘70s, these
people are Chinese fisherfolk who make their homes aboard

sampans and junks (approximately 3,000 boats in all) and
have done so for centuries. The boat people consist of two
main groups: the Tanka (which means "egg people" because
they used to pay their taxes in eggs) and the Hoklo. Neither
group found acceptance by the Chinese, and the Commu-
nists view them with suspicion and disdain. In our world,
recent years have seen efforts to build schools and construct
housing for them; in the World of Darkness, the boat people
remain as miserable and oppressed as ever. Hungry shen often
snack among the boat people because crimes among their
number are rarely reported and even more rarely investi-
gated.

Though synonymous in most tourists' minds with the
"romance" of Hong Kong, this city on the water is little more
than a floating slum. Aberdeen is known to natives as Seal
Heung Gong or "Little Hong Kong." The Tin Hau (Goddess
of the Sea) Temple comes alive every April when gaudy
boats of all sorts come to Aberdeen's shores to celebrate the
Tin Hau Festival. Shen, particularly Zhong Lung, join in on
the Tin Hau Festival, typically pouring great libations of
blood into the waves. Perhaps the goddess indeed feasts; the
sharks certainly do.

ABERDEEN'S FLOATING RESTAURANTS

Though no longer in Aberdeen Harbor proper, Hong
Kong's famous floating restaurants, with their brightly painted
and carved exteriors, can be found in the yacht basin across
from the Aberdeen Boat Club and Marina. While they can
be reached via ferries, most folks prefer a more romantic ride
to the boats aboard sampans rowed out to the restaurants by
old women. A deadly fire aboard a Jumbo Floating Restau-
rant in 1971 turned the entire boat into an inferno within
minutes and thus prompted owners to move the cooking
facilities from the interior of the boat itself to a safer area
nearby. Still, the floating restaurants, lit by hundreds of
beautiful lights at night, provide a posh and exciting dinner
experience.

SHEN OF NORTH POINT AND BEYOND

Few shen bother with these suburban bedroom com-
munities. The exceptions are notable, however.

¢ Ling Chu, Khan Bastet: Ling Chu has a small
apartment in North Point, where this "supercop" lives
quietly when not on duty.

¢ Kun Su, wraith: The administrator for the
Necropolis of Hong Kong, Kun Su spends most of his
time near his grave in the Chinese cemetery in Chaiwan.

Te

7,

eee ee ee ee eS oe ee Se oe Oe oe oe ee UUme Uhl le

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK


ye SSSaaeeQvWwt eee ee See eee

Two minutes away from Aberdeen is Ap Lei Chau

= Island, which is noted for its boat builders. Yachts, ferries,
| sloops, speedboats, junks — you want it, they can build it —
including junks built by traditional methods, which means
| IQ ill "feeling" what is right rather than following blueprints.

Jaci UNDEVELOPED HONG KONG

| Most visitors fail to realize until they arrive that Hong

a Kong's developed communities hug the island's coasts and
wari te f hardly penetrate into the interior of the island. Much of this

part of Hong Kong Island is virginal and earmarked for
: wilderness preservation.

: : WILDERLAND 200

Unlike Hong Kong's other "zoos," parks and botanical
gardens, the Aberdeen Country Park is an open nature
. preserve designed as a check to the runaway growth of

business and industry, so there's still some "nature" left on

|
Hong Kong Island. No fences mark the perimeter of the park,
though discreet signs warn hikers they are about to enter an
| "uncontrolled" environment that houses potentially danger-
|

ous animals. Technology has been put to work for the zoo;
animals are kept within the park by underground sensors
cued to send an invisible tingling signal when an animal
LL approaches. The creatures dislike the shock and accompany-
ing high-pitched whine (inaudible to humans) generated by
= tt the sensors and they avoid it by staying away from the area.
|

| 1H | Though the zoo houses small herbivores and birds primarily,
\ several predators (including a mated pair of tigers visited by
the region's Khan) also roam the enclosed space. During the
Japanese occupation (before the advent of the sensors), the
area was not designated as a wilderness preserve. The Japa-
I y nese soon learned not to enter the area on patrol, however,
5 Bs as "terrible wolf-spirits" inhabited the region, slaying any
that they found infringing on their territory.

| 7a The zoo encompasses several acres of forest and its most
notable feature is High West Mountain, which lies in a

i central position in the park. The mountain itself is strictly
| off-limits, and the sensors surrounding it deliver a nasty
| >, shock to anyone crossing through their perimeter (except

| those who have the control wands, of course). On the
| mountain's eastern side, a waterfall plummets down the tree-

- lined rock to splash into a quiet lake below. Hidden behind

| the waterfall is a grotto leading into the Mother of Peach
_ Trees Caern; true to its name, the grotto is filled with
thousands of peach trees. On the far side, facing west, a

BP - (a ~ curious rock formation resembling an open dragon's maw
\ eal -—
+ aeSS forms a gateway to the Yang World.
1 i ¢ — -
|
| ag oe — =
si a Sa

e
. ,vyvr+vpsé#e#«°§G=iqwevr_w yey OOO
46 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A__&4 _A _A_A_A_A _A__A__A_A_A__A__A_A__A_A_A

The zoo, along its eastern edge, fronts on the beach and
looks out over the South China Sea. Quite nearby (almost
too close for comfort) are the newly constructed Smiling

Buddha Shopping Mall and the backlot of the Wok Wok Rik

film company.

MOTHER OF PEACH TREES CAERN

A powerful source of Yang Chi, this hidden caern lies
within the forested Wilderland Zoo. The source of much of
the Chi is the primordial growth called the Mother of All
Peach Trees. This enormous tree, and several nearby it, grow
so tall that they actually climb through the heart of the
hollow mountain and emerge into the sky, looking like
normal trees from a distance (hence, the restricted access to
High West Mountain). Sept members sometimes refer to the
caern as "the dragon's empty belly," a reference to the hollow
within the mountain. The trees form the heart of the caern,
which is claimed by Hong Kong's few but dedicated Lupines.
Led by Jo Wu, anative Glass Walker, the Sept of the Council
for Universal Trade protects the caern and zoo and promotes
the use of ecologically safe technology for Hong Kong.
Further protecting the zoo area, Jo Wu owns the Smiling
Buddha Mall, and an elder of the sept (Wok Wok Rik

himself, in fact) owns the film company that bears his name.

KOWLOON

The peninsula named for nine dragons is sometimes
called "the other Hong Kong." While some visitors are so
clueless that they don't realize Hong Kong has other parts to
it besides the island, others never set foot in Central or
Wanchai at all, immersing themselves in Kowloon's dense
spread of shopping arenas, restaurants and hotels. The main
areas found in Kowloon (only three and a half square miles
in size) are Tsimshatsui (the southern tip), Tsimshatsui East,
Yamatei (to the west) and Mongkok, which covers the
northwestern edge of the peninsula from Yamatei to Bound-
ary Street. The dragons for which the area is named hardly
exist anymore due to deforestation of the hills during the
Japanese occupation, and due to the British government's
penchant for carving the tops off mountains and dumping
the land into the bay to develop new living and recreational
areas.

TSIMSHATSUI

Tsimshatsui, meaning "sharp, sandy point," comprises
the heart of Kowloon's busy commercial district. Though
originally used by China traders as the perfect spot to build
vacation homes (or as discreet hideaways for their mis-
tresses), the area has grown into a tourist mecca. This small
area is literally covered with restaurants, pubs, topless bars,

fast-food joints, clothing shops and camera and electronics
stores, and as such, it is known to locals as the "tourist
ghetto." Many of Tsimshatsui's buildings are old and run-
down, with signs that hang out over the street, almost
blocking out the sky in places. The neon-on-neon jumble
creates such a bewildering array of advertising at night that
it's hard to figure out where anything actually is. More than
any other area of Hong Kong, Tsimshatsui epitomizes the
"get rich and get ahead" mentality that pervades the region.
Unlike Central with its calculated financial schemes,
Tsimshatsui vibrates with the energy of individual entrepre-
neurs selling every designer label, cheap brand-name
knock-off, watch, stereo, gizmo, gadget or bauble a shopper's
heart could desire. Yang energy literally screams from
Tsimshatsui — a fact that attracts lots of shen to visit, if not
to live. Tsimshatsui, despite its reputation, holds a few other
attractions beyond merchandise marts.

THE CLOCK TOWER

Adjacent to the Star Ferry Terminal stands the Clock
Tower, sole remnant of a railway station that once existed
here. Once the southernmost stop on the Kowloon-Canton
Railway, the old colonial station was judged as too small to
handle passenger influx and was torn down subsequently. Its
replacement is an ultramodern building located northeast of
Tsimshatsui. The only train that now meets its schedule
beneath the old Clock Tower is the Midnight Express, which
is the ghostly transport linking the area to Stygia. It stops
beneath the clock nightly just as it strikes the midnight hour.

SPACE MUSEUM

This three-part museum houses a planetarium and halls
of astronomy and space sciences. Exhibits include moon
rocks, telescopes, rocket models and the Mercury space
capsule.

NATHAN ROAD

The main drag through Kowloon cuts a north-south line
through the center of the peninsula. Shops on the street
glitter with gold and silver, gemstones, watches, stereos,
cameras and calculators, clothing, shoes and fine art. Of
course, it's sometimes difficult to actually get in the stores,
since the sidewalks overflow with street hawkers offering the
same goods at knock-off prices. The lower end is known as
the Golden Mile. Though "golden miles" in other cities are
noted for their swanky shops, Nathan Road's "mile" is "golden"
due to the real-estate prices in the area. Some wags have
claimed it's golden because of the shopowners' avaricious
abilities to extract the last dollar from tourists — right down
to the gold in their teeth. If the general area is overblown
with neon, Nathan Road holds the record for it. The road's

oy ee ae ee oe ee Ne OY oe oe ae UY ee oe Se ey oe ee

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

‘i

4


A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__ 4

signs are so numerous and illumined that, by law, they are
forbidden to flash, lest incoming planes mistake the road for
Kai Tak's runway.

TSIMSHATSUI EAST

Constructed over the last decade, Tsimshatsui East is
built completely on reclaimed land. Expensive luxury hotels,
entertainment complexes, shopping centers and restaurants
are offset by a coliseum, the new railway station and the
brand-new Hong Kong Science Museum. Hands-on exhibits
explain and guide users through the intricacies of everything
from flush toilets to robotics, computers and cellular phones.

HONG KONG INTERNATIONAL (KAI TAK) AIRPORT

With its one runway, Kai Tak is hopelessly outdated, yet
until the new airport on Chek Lap Kok Island opens, it's the
only game in town. Though technically in the New Territo-
ries area, the airport's main impact is on the Kowloon
neighborhoods that its planes fly over (and through); hence,
it's referred to as a part of Kowloon. See the travel section for
a description of the hair-raising approach to Kai Tak.

YAMATEI

Like the Western District on the island, Yamatei fea-
tures a gridwork of streets with traditional shops with a more
Chinese character. Jade and ivory shops specialize in mahjong
sets, while red Chinese wedding gowns vie for attention amid
hardware, embroidered pillowcases, joss sticks, bronze urns
and tiers of fresh fruit.

Yamatei's markets are famous, with the jade market
being the most important. Several hundred stalls display
wares ranging from uncut blocks of jade to tiny statuettes,
rings and other jewelry. The jade comes in many colors, and
quality varies widely. Small trinkets (little more than souve-
nirs) are largely available and cheap, yet certain pieces can
cost thousands of dollars. Hong Kong's shen prowl the jade
market, looking for useful pieces. A few stall owners comply
with the 4 P.M. closing time of the market but arrange for
showings at night for certain customers.

The area is noted for one other attraction — its floating
brothels. Those who wish for a tryst can arrange for a one-girl
sampan to pick them up and ferry them to Yamatei's typhoon
shelter. There, in the not-so-private midst of an entire
community of boat people, customer and oarswoman join
together in "rocking the boat." Arrangements concerning
payment are conducted before entering the sampan; bargain-
ing is difficult in the middle of hostile boat people, especially
when the girl may decide to dump an uncooperative cus-
tomer into the foul waters of the harbor. Nonetheless, some

Kuei-jin who thrive on blood (and a few Western Kindred)
patronize the sampan girls regularly, paying them well for (or
terrorizing them into) silence.

MONGKOK

Imagine packing 38 people into a room designed to hold
three and having them all live there together — indefinitely.
Welcome to Mongkok, the most densely populated area on
Earth. Calculations put the number of souls living in Mongkok
at 116,000 per square kilometer. Mongkok is north of Yamatei
and reaches up to Boundary Street, the official end point for
Kowloon and the beginning of the New Territories. Dilapi-
dated and dingy as it may be, the area's residents resist being
removed from their neighborhood even when promised
spacious new accommodations in modern apartments.

THE BIRD MARKET

Aside from its over-abundant population, Mongkok's
claim to fame rests on its bird market, where songbirds (the
most popular Chinese pet) — and lovely cages and even tiny
decorated porcelain eating bowls for the winged set — find
avid buyers. The bird market was moved from its traditional
location on Hong Lok Street to the fancy new Mongkok
Market, where it attracts serious buyers or those who come
just to look and listen. A few shopowners, having refused to
go, still sell birds from their old shops.

NEW KOWLOON

The area north of Kowloon proper is called New Kowloon
even though it is geographically within the New Territories.
Mostly taken up by residential enclaves and factories, New
Kowloon has almost none of the same sort of tourist attrac-
tions as Kowloon proper. A few areas are notable:

KOWLOON WALLED CITY

Wall Rating: 6

When the Chinese leased the New Territories to the
British, they used a legal flimflam based on this walled area's
former use (as a garrison) to retain it, making Kowloon Walled
City into a separate area. A notorious slum that was rocked with
disease repeatedly, the Walled City was a bizarre enclave and a
no-go area for Hong Kong police, since China claimed territo-
rial rights within the walls. Haunted by triad gangs, sweatshops
and factories, the area was perfect for criminals who committed
crimes in Hong Kong; they then slipped back into the Walled
City to avoid prosecution. During the Japanese occupation, the
walls were torn down and used to extend the airport. After the
war, even without their walls, the region remained and received
an influx of refugees from China. Brothels, unlicensed medical

oe ee Se eS Oe ele Oe hl

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

eee nn

A _A_A _A _A _A_A_A_A_A__A__A_A _A__A_A_A

and dental shops, abortion clinics, bars, gambling dens and drug
houses inundated the slum. Though evacuated and torn down
in 1991 to make way fora park, the Walled City's unsavory taint
remains over the area — giving it a strange aura.

Within the confines of the park rests a small pool of
brackish water. Mostly screened by weeds and ignored by visitors
tothe park, its faint odor of decay tends to deter those who might
try to investigate it. Known as Dragon's Pool, this uninviting
(and frankly, nauseating) spot collects the blood that seeps
slowly from the wounded dragons of Kowloon, making it an area
of powerful Yin Chi (Wall 5). A few Westernized Kuei-jin claim
the spot and feed from it regularly.

LAI CHI KOK AMUSEMENT PARK AND SUNG DYNASTY
VILLAGE

Filled with fairly tame rides, a pathetic zoo and a sideshow
or two, this amusement park fails even to enthrall children.
Ocean Park is a far more popular destination. Beside the
amusement park lies the Sung Dynasty Village, a re-creation of
a Chinese village from the Sung Dynasty "typically Chinese"
period. Shops sell souvenirs, but most of the attractions focus
around reproduced buildings, craft workshops, a teahouse and
village square with duck pond. Employees dress in traditional
costumes and provide entertainment — vignettes that feature a
martial arts display, a wedding parade, acrobatics and various
music and dance shows.

NEW TERRITORIES

The New Territories are the largest (and least visited)
area of Hong Kong and constitute more than 70% of the
SAR's land area. Most of the region is taken up by the New
Towns Program, with its government-built housing, land-
reclamation, road-building and sewage-disposal projects.
Opened up to fast travel between the New Territories and
the rest of Hong Kong by the MTR, the area has become
Hong Kong's bedroom. The New Territories are also noted
for their prime farmland. Much of Hong Kong's food is grown
here. Some of the region is set aside as a nature preserve,
which attracts hengeyokai to the area.

As more and more of Hong Kong's workers take up
residence in the New Territories, industry follows them. Of
the 900,000 people who live in the Tsuen Wan residential
area northwest of Kowloon, for example, over half of them
are employed in Tsuen Wan itself rather than commuting to
jobs elsewhere in the SAR. The Tsuen Wan Plaza, a full-
scale multilevel shopping mall, is the pride of local residents
and boasts one of only three musical fountains in Hong Kong
as its centerpiece.

SHEN OF KOWLOON

The shen of Kowloon reflect that area's disparate
character.

¢ Jun Yow, Kuei-jin leader of Victorious Whirl-
wind: She resides in Kowloon, where she can keep an
eye on Hong Kong without feeling like she's left the
mainland.

¢ Bing Kai, Kuei-jin: This former Mongol gen-
eral lives in Kowloon with Jun Yow and the other
members of Victorious Whirlwind.

¢ Bao Qun, Kuei-jin: He lives in Kowloon with
the other members of Victorious Whirlwind.

¢ Fen Jin, Kuei-jin: This ally of the akuma Gan
Shuo resides in Mongkok in one of the many tene-
ments, although he sometimes stays with Gan Shuo as
his bodyguard.

© Mona Ying, Kuei-jin: A member of the Sub-
lime Caretakers, she sometimes stays with the Tanka
boat people.

e Nuan Mei, Kuei-jin: This heimin has an
apartment on the edge of Kowloon but spends much
of her time in the wilderness areas of the New Terri-
tories.

© Clive Cooper, Nosferatu: He maintains nu-
merous places in the maintenance tunnels and access
ways along the MTR. His favorite spots are in Kowloon,
where he meets with his friend Brian Ang.

¢ Kintaro Tanijiro, ronin Hakken (Japanese
Shadow Lord): He finds a home wherever he can,
usually in some dark hole in the backstreets of Kowloon.

© Gao Kui, Khan (Bastet): She keeps an apart-
ment in Kowloon but has a Den-Realm in the Kam
Shan Country Park.

¢ Shui Fang, Zhong Lung (Mokolé): She lives
among the Hoklo contingent who inhabit the Ty-
phoon Bay at Yamatei in Kowloon and maintains
several private retreats on the small uninhabited is-
lands around Hong Kong.

¢ Brian Ang, Nezumi: Brian frequents numer-
ous boltholes in the MTR and sewers, sharing some of
them with Clive Cooper. He also has a few hiding
places scattered throughout Mongkok.

¢ Kito Sullivan, Virtual Adept mage: He often
stays at the company headquarters of Childplay Games
on the outskirts of Kowloon; he also maintains a
cottage on Lantau.

i i a i. i ee ce. el a, a, a ll, a, el el

4+

Wy.

Le
a

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

bain
49

Ry)
ws


A__A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A

Ay

|

Z
W

TAI MO SHAN

At 975 meters in elevation, this mountain is twice the
height of Victoria Peak. No Peak Tram eases the climb up
"Big Misty," though buses run there. The Maclehose Trail,
which spans the New Territories, follows the ridge line and
crosses Tai Mo Shan's peak, offering beautiful views along its
length.

SHEK KONG AIRFIELD

Not an alternative to busy Kai Tak, Shek Kong caters to
parachuting and helicopter enthusiasts. It is also used for
military training.

CHINESE UNIVERSITY

Established in 1963, Chinese University took a decided
back seat to Hong Kong University until recently. While
HKU teaches courses in English, Chinese U's main classes
are conducted in Cantonese. The Institute for Chinese
Studies is an integral part of the university and houses an art
gallery that exhibits paintings and calligraphy, 2000-year-
old bronze seals and jade flower carvings.

SHATIN RACECOURSE

A testament to the growing importance of the region,
Hong Kong's second racecourse cost HK$500 million, fi-
nanced through introducing night racing at the Happy
Valley course (some say at the behest of Robert Pedder, the
old Tai-pan). It opened in 1980 and has attracted steady
customers ever since. The center of the track is Penfold Park
— a greensward open to the public except on race days, the
day after common holidays and Mondays.

CLEARWATER BAY

A beautiful bay on the New Territories' southeastern
edge, Clearwater Bay has one of the best beaches in Hong
Kong — when it can be seen through the sardine-packed
weekender crowds, that is. The monied set have erected
Mediterranean-style villas on hillsides above the bay and
"improved" the area with the Clearwater Bay Country Club
(complete with golf course, tennis courts, and jacuzzi). The
Shaw Brothers movie company, one of Hong Kong's leading
film corporations, has a huge studio (known as Movietown)
on Clearwater Bay Road.

UNTRAMMELED WATS

Several nature reserves, marshes and country parks lie
within the New Territories and provide wide-open spaces for
the region's hengeyokai. Tai Po Kau Nature Reserve, just
above Tolo Harbor, holds a wealth of native woodland that
is shelter for both resident and migratory birds. Sai Kung

Country Park lies in the extreme east of the New Territories'
merging woodlands, grassland and scrub forest. Remnants of
abandoned villages and temples dot the park. Several species
of snake abound in the region; while most are timid, some
(like the king cobra) are highly venomous. Kam Shan Coun-
try Park is north of Kowloon and acts as a catchment area for
four reservoirs. Hilly and wooded, its best known feature is
Golden Hill, which provides a panoramic view of Smuggler's
Ridge, Lion Rock and distant towns and harbors. The wilder
areas within these regions can be used to open gateways into

the Yang World (the Umbra).

AGAMA TE

This small island (the name means "death journey") sits
off the southwestern coast of the New Territories. Though it
appears rocky, barren and uninhabitable, it actually serves as
the base of operations, temple and school complex of Ru
Mang, a Euthanatos barabbus. Aside from his experimenta-
tion with death and the reanimation of corpses, Ru Mang has
decided recently to "improve" his island through turning
part of it into an obstacle course, "game of death," and
opening up a competition (with appropriate monetary re-
ward) to a select, invited few.

SHEN OF THE NEW TERRITORIES

e Yao Lie, Chu Jung (fire-spirit): He has a lakshmi in
Kam Shan Country Park in the New Territories.

¢ Ru Mang, Euthanatos barabbus: He lives in quarters
underneath his school on the island of Agama Te.

THE MANY ISLANDS

Outside the glitter and glitz of Hong Kong's better
known regions are over 230 other islands that make up part
of her territory. Most of these islands are tiny, barren and
uninhabited; some are off-limits due to their use as detention
centers (rumored to be growing in number since the PRC
takeover) or as drug-rehabilitation facilities. The best known
trio (known as Lamma, Lantau and Cheung Chau) are just
southwest of Hong Kong Island, Kowloon and the New
Territories. These three comprise the most popular spots for
visiting among tourists and natives alike. Still largely un-
touched, the areas offer the timeless magic of grass and trees,
beautiful beaches, quaint fishing villages and quiet monas-
teries. Rock carvings from the people who lived here in
ancient times indicate that they were probably the ancestors
of the Vietnamese.

Today, the people of the islands (Hoklo, Hakka and
Tanka) are divided generationally. While the elders con-
tinue to live in traditional communities, almost all the
younger generations have fled for the excitement and allure

of Hong Kong, London or San Francisco. Their idyllic

ee. , ow Ww
50 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A__A__A__A_A_A

lifestyle is atrophying rapidly as land speculators snatch up
large parts of the islands to create resorts for the rich and the
tourist trade. Paved roads and electricity (with its attendant
power stations) have come to the islands. It's merely a matter
of time until traditional village lands become too expensive
for the local people to live there anymore.

LAMMA

Wall Rating: 6

Often called the "Stone Age Isle" because of archaeo-
logical evidence linking it to the earliest settlements in the
area, Lamma is the third-largest of Hong Kong's islands.
Mountainous and blessed with lovely bays, the island has
several fishing communities. The isle's major attractions are
the many seafood restaurants that line the quay of Sok Kwu
Wan's Picnic Bay. "Weekend admirals," as pleasure-junk
captains are called, sail the area and bring hungry diners to
the island. Once inland, there are vegetable farms and a
gentle climb to the top of its central hills for a view of the land
and water below. It's definitely the place to get away from the
frenzy of the rest of Hong Kong.

CHEUNG CHAU

Wall Rating: 6

Narrow enough in its central portion for someone to walk
across it in just a few minutes, Cheung Chau has few visitors and
no cars. Cheung Po Tsai, one of Hong Kong's greatest pirates,
used a cave retreat on the island to hide from authorities.

A nest of skeletons found many years ago prompted
islanders to hold a four-day-long festival each year. Known
as the Bun Festival, its intent is to exorcise wandering or
malicious ghosts. After operas are performed and street
entertainment provided, specially inscribed buns (taken
from decorative bamboo towers) are given to bystanders to
bring them luck for the coming year.

PING CHAU

Wall Rating: 6

Located in Mirs Bay, this crescent-moon-shaped island
once boasted a population of 3,000. Now only two people
live here full-time. Others come on weekends or holidays to

‘ Z
{ { bi
a oo \e
, i
an i Fu —=>S> 3,8 ¢
—_—
————
= = | _ |
> i.
eS Rm
y — OO eer a
= ———
.
—_— =
- — | <
—~ ‘
‘
. _
AS
ee ae ad toa
a =
—=

me
ah

i a ia Ma i eae a a a a ci ca i al ll cl, cl

CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK

an!

51

a a ie ell

A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

open up hostels and run restaurants catering to visitors.
When the tourists depart, so do those who once lived here.
Since it lies very close to the coast of the mainland, those
leaving China in a hurry often sought to swim to Ping Chau
— despite the sharks. Ping Chau should not be confused with
the island known as Peng Chau, which is densely populated
and boasts a village, a market and several cottage industries.

CHEK LAP KOK

Wall Rating: 9

The site of Hong Kong's new airport-to-be, this small
island just north of Lantau has had a mountain flattened and
land reclaimed to make it a suitable site. Some shen are very
concerned that this process is attracting very bad joss and
negative Chi to the new airport. They fear that there may be
a curse on the new facility, and they must do something to
restore the balance here. Bridges reaching out for Kowloon
and the New Territories are half-finished.

MAN WA

This flat, forested island off Lantau's northeastern tip
was once known as the Gate to Kowloon, where foreign ships
stopped before sailing into Chinese waters. The western side
abuts the Kap Shui Mun ("rapid water gate"), where danger-
ous currents have deterred unmotorized junks and drowned
swimmers. Legend states that the pirate Cheung Po Tsai's
treasure junk sank in these waters and is unrecoverable due
to the rough currents. Several fine seafood restaurants on the
island attract a large crowd of Chinese on weekends. Restau-
rant owners have nothing else to do but play mahjong during
the week.

With the new airport being built on nearby Chek Lap
Kok, Man Wa has undergone significant changes. A bridge
connects Man Wa to Lantau and the New Territories, thus
cutting a path across the lower third of the island, and plans
are afoot to transform the rest of the island into a Hong Kong
movie theme park.

LANTAU

Wall Rating: 6

Lantau, relatively untouched and one and a half times
the size of its "sister island" Hong Kong, basks in its own
potent Chi. Shaped like a lizard with its head pointed
southwest and tail aimed toward the New Territories, the
island has been a retreat and safe harbor for centuries. It is
sometimes called "the holy island" because of the temples
and monasteries that grace its slopes and the feeling of peace
that pervades its atmosphere.

Misty, tranquil Lantau (the name means "broken head")
received its name because of its most notable feature, the
two-headed Lantau Peak that rises raggedly over 3,000 feet
high in the center of the island. Though the island has
weathered centuries while remaining essentially rural, a
recent influx of weekend sunbathers (escaping the even
more crowded beaches on Hong Kong) and a steady stream
of international tourists may be the death knell portending
destruction of Lantau's legendary tranquillity.

The most attractive lands on Lantau (as elsewhere) are
being set aside for local or international investors who want
to develop hotels and resorts in the area. Potential housing
sites for the poor afflicted by urban crush are parceled out to
the rich instead. Still, new housing estates are also planned.
Partly, this is fallout from the new airport being built on
Chek Lap Kok Island, barely a stone's throw from Lantau's
northern shore; but mostly, it is the necessity of crowding
ever more souls into too little space. With the airport so near,
many of the island's residents fear they will be inundated
with the roar and whine of incoming and departing aircraft
at all hours.

Sheathed in a veritable spider's web of wandering trails
and half-overgrown paths, one of the island's major benefits
is simply room enough to walk without the press and bustle
of the city. Within its rolling greenery nestle the religious
communities for which the island is famous. Silver Mine Bay,
the small fishing village on the southeastern end just under
the lizard's tail, serves as the island's chief point of entry. Boat
people crowd together aboard their sampans and junks in the
harbor, living in the traditional way of their people. The
Silver Mine Bay Beach and Resort are the most popular
destinations for weekenders from Hong Kong.

Buses now travel from the bay to the grand Po Lin
Monastery, which is the most famous of the 135 Buddhist
communities on Lantau. Brightly painted in vermilion and
gold, Po Lin ("precious lotus") is home to the largest outdoor
bronze statue (over 100 feet high) of Buddha in the world.
Sprawled across a 2,000-foot plateau, the monastery holds
temples, gateways, quiet courtyards and lush gardens that
hover serenely above their surrounding tea fields. Dormitory
space is available; alternatively, air-conditioned chalets lo-
cated in the adjoining tea garden may be rented. Inside the
main temple, amid a dazzling array of decoration, stand three
bronze statues of Buddha —representing past, present and
future — as well as bright ceiling paintings of dragons and
figures from Chinese mythology. In traditional Chinese
style, everything in the temple is carved, filigreed, orna-
mented or twined about with red silk tassels. Their happiness
to entertain visitors helps to disguise the monastery's guard-
ianship of a huge node of Chi (Wall 4), which they consider

sacred.

e@
ee , w= +. VY Vv io. oT oY oe Ohl hlhUhmehUhUhhUhLhCUhLhCUlhCUmY
52 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A_A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Walking beyond the monastery, along a path that wan-
ders through mountain ridges and canyons and crosses several
streams, travelers reach the Yin Hing Monastery, which is set
ona slope facing the South China Sea and renowned for its
traditional Buddhist statuary and paintings. On the north-
east coast sits the Trappist Haven of Our Lady of Liese (Joy).
The order is sworn to silence but offers simple fare and
overnight accommodations in a simple dormitory to visitors
(when they have room).

Lantau's main town, Tai O, holds many Tanka boat
people who have become land dwellers. Not used to life in
cottages or apartments, many have turned their junks into

three-story living quarters, shoved together (partly on land,
partly in the water) into a semi-aquatic slum. Others have
constructed homes on stilts to weather the rising tides.

Just to the north of Tai O are the islands of Lung Kwu
Chau and Sha Chau. Boat trips regularly take tourists to
these islands to watch for Hong Kong's famous, but nearly
extinct, pink dolphins, as they swim about in Hong Kong's
polluted waters.

Discovery Bay, a housing and resort complex with its
own golf course and view of the beach, may point the way to
the island's future. Isolated from the rest of the island and
served by hover-ferries from Central District, it provides a

pleasant, uncrowded enclave for its upscale residents.

SHEN OF LANTAU

Two notable shen live on the misty isle:
e Zhan Xue, Stargazer Garou: Zhan Xue, a

wandering teacher, lives near Sunset Peak in a small

house so covered by greenery that it disappears into

the surrounding countryside. He knows about Lantau's

resident mummy, though he is fairly certain the |

ancient one knows nothing of his own presence. The

Stargazer stands ready to help the mummy defend the |

monks of Po Lin should the need arise. His presence

keeps Kuei-jin from exploiting the region's Chi; though
Eastern Garou do not hate vampires as do their

Western cousins, Zhan Xue nonetheless distrusts the
greedy Kuei-jin.

¢ Nian Shun, Asian mummy: He inhabits a small,
unassuming house near the Po Lin Monastery. Often
mistaken for one of the monks by visitors to the area,
he basks in the Chi that underlies the monastery and
he stays nearby to protect the monks from other
supernaturals who might try to harm the monks or

steal the vibrant life-force. |

YY ——- — * v=' + ee. VLU hor Shee
CHAPTER THREE: ATOP THE DRAGON'S BACK 5

EEOorooOoOOOOOeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee aaa



i

A_A_4 A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER FOUR:
THE SPIRITS
CHILDREN

Hong Kong hosts more supernatural creatures per square
mile than perhaps anywhere else in the world. Unlike West-
ern supernatural society, Eastern shen do not associate solely
with others of their kind. Common causes unite the shen, and
these ties take precedence over "species" lines. Political
factions and secret societies abound within both the mortal
and supernatural communities. For example, a pro-Chinese
group might consist of a Kuei-jin vampire, a Glass Walker
sept member and a Syndicate mage, while a criminal organi-
zation might include a resident Giovanni, a rogue Shadow
Lord, and a Kumo Goblin Spider.

This chapter presents a partial cast of characters repre-
sentative of the denizens of Hong Kong's Middle Kingdom.
Storytellers should feel free to alter these characters to suit
their own chronicles and fill in any gaps with characters of
their own devising. Hong Kong continues to serve as a
crossroads (though not always a friendly one) where East and
West confront and collide with one another and, occasion-
ally, agree to cooperate. The possibilities are limited only by
the imagination.

See Oe ee ee oe eee ee Oe eee
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


_A _A_A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A__A_A__A_A_A_A_A_i

y
4,4
|

CY
i ih

—
—

CROSSOVER CHARACTERS

The characters that appear in this section come
from the entirety of the World of Darkness. Their
descriptions employ the Traits that are standard for
their type. Kuei-jin characters use the powers and
abilities detailed in Kindred of the East, while
Western vampires and werewolves use those from
Vampire: The Masquerade and Werewolf: The
Apocalypse. In the same fashion, Asian wraiths
have characteristics drawn from Dark Kingdom of
Jade, while their Stygian counterparts in Hong Kong
reflect the character generation rules contained in
Wraith: The Oblivion. While it is useful for Story-
tellers to have access to Kindred of the East as well
as to the core rulebooks for the Vampire, Werewolf,
Mage, Wraith and Changeling games, it is also
possible to translate characters from one system to
another using the Crossover Guidelines detailed in
the Appendix.

Alternately, if you don't want to get involved in
crunching numbers and deciding equivalencies, or if
you don't have the necessary titles, simply use your
best judgment in determining appropriate abilities.
For example, Blood Points, Gnosis, Rage, Pathos,
Angst, Quintessence, Paradox, Glamour, and Ba-
nality correspond roughly to the concept of Chi
(whether Yin- or Yang-based); in other words, they
all represent positive or negative forms of supernatu-
ral power. Werewolf Gifts may be described in terms
of appropriate Disciplines, Spheres of magick,
Arcanoi, or Arts. A Western Kindred's Humanity
score or a Sabbat vampire's Path of Enlightenment
may be expressed in terms of a Dharmascore (though,
in all likelihood, a low one).

While attention to systems and character statistics
allows precise definitions of abilities for Storyteller-
controlled characters, such details should not impede
the capacity to create enjoyable stories. After all,
numbers are essential only for resolving combats or
other conflict-oriented encounters. Characters who
appear in a story in noncombative roles or to provide
information and local color need strong, vibrant per-
sonalities — not a series of statistics.

NUEI-JIN

Cathayan vampires form a race of supernaturals all to
themselves. Unlike Western vampires, whose Embrace pre-
vents the occurrence of true death and catapults the recipient
headlong into a new life as one of the undead, Kuei-jin literally
return from the dead as spirit beings, either to reinhabit the
bodies they occupied in life or to possess new bodies (if their old
bodies were destroyed). Kuei-jin do not have sires; rather, they
have mentors in the form of older Kuei-jin, who take upon
themselves the duty and responsibility of assimilating new Kuei-
jin into their society. Kuei-jin lack the clan-based structure of
the Kindred and are bound by allegiances to their "families"
(wu), their Dharmic paths, and the spirits.

QUINCUNK

Most of Chinese Kuei-jin at one time fell under the aegis
of the Quincunx — a group of five courts that itself harkened
back to an earlier model. Steeped in tradition, the Quincunx
once influenced the unlives of Kuei-jin from Mongolia to
Japan. Its power has waned with China's fortunes during the
Fifth Age; particularly in the east and south, few Cathayans
heed its dictates.

Hong Kong once fell under the dominance of the Flame
Court, the southernmost "arm" of the Quincunx. The city
was ruled during this time by the mighty ancestor Ghost-
Killer, who ran her domain nearly independently of the
Flame Court's Cantonese headquarters. The Flame Court
waned and collapsed during the 19th century, and Ghost-
Killer sank into corruption and was ultimately destroyed.

Today, Hong Kong is haunted by a patchwork of Kuei-
jin — legacies from the older court who are interested
primarily in self-advancement. Additionally, a powerful
militant wu, Victorious Whirlwind, has arrived in the city
and seeks to put the old Flame Court back in power. Victo-
tious Whirlwind's goals include reuniting the Kuei-jin of
Hong Kong with the other four elements of the Quincunx,
thus reestablishing the Flame Court, as well as its name, and
eradicating the taint of foreigners (i.e., Western vampires
and the mortal agents of European and American Imperial-
ism) from their homeland.

THE RIGHTEOUS DEVILS OF KOWLOON

This loose court consists of Chinese Kuei-jin who have
lived in Hong Konga long while. They had an understanding
with Tai-pan Pedder, who saw the advantage in keeping the
peace with these powerful local undead. Now that Pedder is
gone, the Righteous Devils plan to rule the night overtly.
Nominally, the Devils pay allegiance to the de facto ancestor,
Angtio Chun; because most are not bound by any ties of wu,
however, the question of who among the Righteous Devils is
fit to rule becomes an interesting one....

e. wv ww YoY ON oe VY ow UYU Ue Ul oe
56 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A _&4 _& A _A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

ANGUO CHUN (PROTECTOR OF THE PURE)

Background: As a member of the delegation respon-
sible for the cession of Hong Kong to the British in 1842,
Chun felt personally responsible for his emperor's humilia-
tion before the barbarians' guns and bluster. Seeing death as
the only way to atone for his personal failure, Chun took his
life. Yet, the Great Cycle destined him to another fate, one
far more fitting than simple abdication of the material world
and its pleasures. Chun was buried shamefully, as he had
committed suicide, and he slept in his tomb for 49 days, then
emerged as one of the Hungry Dead.

Discovered soon after by the Kuei-jin who was his mentor,

Chun adapted quickly to his
new life, recognizing and ac-
cepting as his kéa the

(/L
NG

lw N

(oS 2

yD

<

\

y

xy "97

regaining of Hong Kong and the reinstitution of the Flame
Court. Chun was indoctrinated into the Righteous Devils Court
and used his diplomatic skills to establish himself as a harvester,
maintaining harmony among the city's mortals.

Chun, after his mortal failure, kept one paranoid eye
ever alert for trouble. This practice served him in good stead
in the year 1913, when he discovered the Righteous Devils'
reigning ancestor, Ghost-Killer, indulging in loathsome sac-
tifices to the Yama Queen Tou Mu. Circumspectly, as was his
nature (and because he knew he could not hope to best
Ghost-Killer in combat of any sort), Angtio Chun fed misin-
formation to the akuma, trapping her finally in an old
godown, which Chun had had set on fire by his mortal
contacts. Chun dreamed of the purifying flames that night,
discovering blissful satori in his visions.

Thus freeing the city of one taint, Chun dedicated his
unlife to restoring Hong Kong to its rightful place among the
Ten Thousand Things. As a harvester, Chun concerns
himself not only with his duty to Dharma and court, but also
with the mortals who live in his realm.

Realizing that the Great Wheel turns at its own pace and
that certain things cannot be precipitated, Chun employed
the services of Lao Chi, a heimin of questionable repute, as
well as several mortal servants, to form a liaison between
himself and the Tai-pan of the Kin-jin, Robert Pedder. By
opening up relations with the Ventrue, Chun sought to
achieve concessions for local Kuei-jin and to assure the

Western vampires that their rule would not be threatened.
Thus, Chun was able to lull the gullible Kin-jin into
ignoring plans that he and the other Righteous Devils
were already making for Hong Kong's eventual return
and for the overthrow of the foreign interlopers.

Now that China has once again gained sovereignty
over its lost child, Hong Kong, Chun and the Righteous
Devils have the opportunity to make their presence not only
known (as it has been among the Kuei-jin), but felt. Chun
regrets that Pedder and most of the Kin-jin have fled; he had
hoped to see them brought low by the city's rightful rulers.
Still, there is much work to be done to bring back the glory
of the Flame Court and revive the fragmented Quincunx. Far
from having achieved his Dharma, Chun realizes that his
true purpose is just beginning.

Image: Chun appears in death much as he appeared in
life; he dresses in the manner of a 1 9th-century mandarin and
wears his hair in the same style. His Chi balance gives him
the appearance of a calm, tempered aristocrat, neither
obviously undead nor passionately mortal. Apparently in
his late 40s (give or take 10 years), he carries himself with
dignity and poise and never shows emotion of any sort to
barbarians (except his victims).

Roleplaying Hints: You have spent over a century
laboring under the yoke of the Kin-jin conquerors; now your
time has come to raise the Flame Court to prominence once

A i al ea, ea i a i l,l, a

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


4
=

ih

WS

more. This must be done, however, in accordance with the
ancient ways — not with crude, slashing strokes, as Victori-
ous Whirlwind would see done, but with delicacy and craft
equal to the finest calligraphy. The mortals under your care
must be carefully and judiciously inculcated with the proper
values after generations of false ones; the Kuei-jin, on the
other hand, need to realize that they are no longer expected
to conform to barbarian ways. Any Kin-jin who still remain
in Hong Kong do so at their own peril.

Haven: Chun has left Kowloon recently to take up
residence in Hong Kong's Central District, a fact that other
Kuei-jin find somewhat unsettling. It does, however, place
him closer to the action.

Secrets: He is aware that Pedder has left behind an
agent or two. Chun is unaware of these agents' identities or
exact locations, however.

Influence: Chun exercises great direct influence over
the Kuei-jin who acknowledge his leadership; likewise, he
controls large portions of the mortal population through
subtler means.

Nature: Penitent

P'o Nature: The Slave

Demeanor: Caretaker

Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: East

Dharma: Resplendent Crane 5

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimidation
2, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts (lacquerware) 2, Etiquette 5, Meditation 3,
Melee 3, Performance (poetry) 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 5, Finance 1, Law 4,
Linguistics 5, Medicine (herbal cures) 4, Occult 4,
Politics 4

Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Blood Shintai 4, Equilibrium
4, Internalize 2, Obligation 4, Yang Prana 1, Yin Prana 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Horoscope 3, Jade
Talisman (Yang) 4, Resources 4

Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5

Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'o5

Willpower: 8

MAO LUN (DILIGENT PATTERN)

Background: A geomancer in life, Mao Lun settled in
Hong Kong near the end of the 19th century and hoped to
propitiate the island's sleeping dragons by ensuring harmoni-
ous construction practices among its gweilo occupiers. He
soon hated the barbarian devils for their outright disregard of
feng shui and the mockery that greeted his efforts to correct
the mistakes made by their architects and builders. Never-

A _4 A A A A _A _A_A

theless, Lun persisted in his attempts until his good inten-
tions finally roused the anger of one of the construction
foremen. Lun was assaulted one evening as he returned home
from yet another fruitless meeting with an architect, and he
suffered the horror of being buried alive in the foundation of
an inharmonious building.

Cast into the whirlwind of Yomi, Lun's P'o howled at the
horror of his premature
intermentand lack of
proper funeral

SS

‘a

\

a

x9)

Ss ss oY + eae ee YT Ol

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A _A4_A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

rites. Unable to take it anymore, his P'o and Hun reunited
and Lun's corpse broke free of its torment and crawled up
through tons of dirt and stone to return as one of the Kuei-
jin.

Lun's ancestors had to be appeased first, of course. The
foreman who had assaulted him — well, Lun demonstrated
for him the principles of harmonious and inharmonious
alignment, joint by joint, before feeding on him and casting
his mutilated corpse into the harbor waters.

Accepting his fate, Lun soon sided with Angiéo Chun
against Ghost-Killer (whom he found terrifying). Now Lun
acts as advisor to Chun and, with him, targets certain
buildings — including the church that he died under — for
demolition once the current mortal regime is solidly in place.

A practitioner of the Tapestry Discipline, Lun is con-
cerned with the proper situation of graves and burial sites,
and he finds himself in great demand among the local
Cathayan population. Secretly (though he feels certain that
the other members of his court would approve), he searches
for the havens of the remaining Kin-jin, so that one night
soon he may invoke the powers of "wind and water" against
them. For now, Lun stands by Angtio Chun but feels that
Chun is not acting fast enough against the gweilo. Were he to
turn against Chun (or were his Demon to possess him for an
extended period), Mao Lun could use his knowledge of his
opponents' havens to terrifying effect, perhaps even black-
mailing his way to leadership of all of Hong Kong's Kuei-jin.

Image: A spindly-legged man in his mid-40s, Mao Lun
presents a unprepossessing image. Dressing in ill-fitting
Western suits, he seems to disappear in a crowd. His features
are bland and innocuous, concealing a keen and vengeful
mind. He wears his hair a little too long for Western tastes,
but too short for traditional styles.

Roleplaying Hints: Make yourself indispensable to your
court and to other Kuei-jin. Hide your less noble intentions
beneath a veneer of self-effacement. Nod and smile a lot,
especially when you are in the company of rivals such as
Victorious Whirlwind. When you are alone with gweilo, let
your Demon come out and play.

Haven: Mao Lun resides in the basement of his old shop,
in Hong Kong's Western District. He has reopened his feng
shui enterprise and still practices for a nighttime clientele.

Secrets: Mao Lun knows the resting places of many
local Kuei-jin; he also has some ideas about the havens of the
remaining Kin-jin, though he has not yet been able to
confirm his theories.

Influence: He has immense influence among local
Kuei-jin, who rely on him for maintaining the propitious
flow of energy around their tombs and gravesites.

Nature: Architect
P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Confidant
Chi Balance: Yang

Direction: North

Dharma: Resplendent Crane 3

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Crafts (wood-carving) 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 1,
Performance (poetry) 2, Repair 4, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Hong Kong) 3,
Bureaucracy 2, Law (building) 4, Linguistics 2, Occult
(feng shui) 4, Science (architecture) 4

Disciplines: Blood Shintai 2, Demon Shintai 1, Jade
Shintai 1, Tapestry 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Resources 3

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 6

Soul Virtues: Hun 6, P'0 4

Willpower: 7

BAI CHEN (PURE STAR)

Background: To make ends meet after her husband's
accidental death, Bai Chen went to work as an amah for one
of the rich gweilo families living on Victoria Peak. For 10
years, she mothered and nurtured Leslie and Aaron, a pair of
spoiled, privileged British "devil children," often at the
expense of her own son and daughter.

During a rare free weekend, Bai returned to her tiny flat
to find her children missing and her mother-in-law, who
cared for them in her absence, frantic. The entire apartment
building turned out to search for the lost children, but to no
avail. Bai Chen reported the disappearances to the police,
who could do nothing save fill out paperwork and add it to
the insurmountable files of "missing children."

Desolate, Bai returned to work. Her employers showed
minute sympathy for her misfortune and merely admonished
her to be more careful with their children than she had been
with her own. Although she tried to put her sorrow behind
her, Bai Chen instead began to experience seething anger
toward her charges, who were now approaching puberty. She
determined to get some small revenge on her employers for
their lack of concern. Perhaps, if Bai offered substitutes to the
gods of joss, she might get her own children back.

Bai Chen took Leslie and Aaron on an "outing" one
Saturday while their parents were at the races in Happy
Valley. She traveled with the children to Shanghai, where
she found a flesh-peddler who was more than happy to add
the comely pair of barbarians to his stable. Bai then traveled
to Kowloon and lost herself in the slums of Mongkok for two
years. Her sanity continued to disintegrate. Each morning,
she waited anxiously in her seedy apartment for her children
to show up — returned to her by the gods. Bai went to bed

TweweweweeiwwyYvTew a Oe Oe OU

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

S

WW

59

"
a)
:

ail)

A_A _A4 A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

disappointed every night. She stopped eating
and neglected her appearance until she
gained a reputation in the neigh-
borhood as a cursed woman.
No one was surprised
when her emaciated, filth-
covered body
discovered in her apart-
ment three days after she
had died from self-imposed
starvation. With no clue
as to her real identity,
her body was unclaimed
and she was buried
hastily at public ex-
pense.

yup"

was

Full of despair,
Bai Chen's soul en-
tered the Yomi World,
there to whirl in knife-edged
winds for what seemed a million
eternities. Finally, something
within her snapped; she had been
punished enough. Her P'o seized
control and propelled her back into
the Middle Kingdom. Her time as a
chih-mei did not last long, however.
By the time she was discovered by
the Righteous Devils, she was
relatively sane, though full of
despair that she had not been
able to sink gratefully into
Oblivion.

Assigned the kéa
of protecting the
young and helpless, Bai
Chen gratefully ac-
cepted the honor of

joining Angtio Chun's
own wu. Now she serves

as his conscience by re-
minding him of his duties
toward the mortals of Hong
Kong even as Chun tries to
consolidate his power among the
Kuei-jin.
Secretly, Bai Chen still
searches for her own children, as
well as for the ones she so callously
sold in the sex-markets of Shanghai.
She believes that she will never fulfill

x49)

her Dharma until she has found them — or their spirits —
and made personal restitution to them.

Image: Bai Chen is a woman in her mid-30s, plain-
looking and painfully thin. Her hair is streaked with gray,
which makes her look 10 years older than she was when she
died. Bai Chen finds it difficult not to weep, and her eyes
continually leak bloody tears. She dresses in simple clothes,
harking back to her days as an amah.

Roleplaying Hints: Even now, you sometimes hear the
tortured cries of your lost children and the plaintive sobs of
the gweilo children you delivered into slavery. Your existence
must be an atonement for your misdeeds. Chun has placed
much faith in you, and you will not disappoint him; you speak
to him in the name of all the children who fall under the
jurisdiction of the Flame Court. You are their only hope.

While under your P'o's dominance, of course, you prey
exclusively on children.

Haven: Bai Chen resides in Hong Kong's Western
District.

Secrets: None.

Influence: She has considerable influence over agen-
cies who care for abandoned or orphaned children.
Nature: Caregiver
P'o Nature: The Fool
Demeanor: Penitent
Chi Balance: Balanced
Direction: East
Dharma: 1,000 Whispers 2
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4,
Streetwise 2
Skills: Crafts (toy-making) 2, Etiquette 2, Melee 2,
Music (singing) 1, Security 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2,
Occult 3
Disciplines: Black Wind 1, Blood Shintai 2, Chi'iu Muh
1, Jade Shintai 1, Yang Prana 2
Backgrounds: Mentor (Ancestor) 3, Resources 1
Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 5
Soul Virtues: Hun 6, P'04
Willpower: 6

AN SHENG (PEACEFUL SAGE)

Background: Raised since childhood in a Buddhist
monastery in Hong Kong, An Sheng thought he knew all
there was to know about fulfilling his karmic duties. Unfor-
tunately, the lessons he learned were incomplete.

An Sheng detached himself completely from the world of
feeling instead of reconciling his emotions with his reason. He
refused to mourn the deaths of his family in a fire that swept

60 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

= aw ww Tara eel errr eel elle OU


A__A4_A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A__A_A_A_A_A_

through their Kowloon residence; inuring himself to the suffer-
ings of others, he watched dispassionately as the street violence
around him escalated. While protected by his monk's robes, he
felt safe from the depredations that haunted the lives of Hong
Kong's common people. Sheng occupied himself with prayers
and rituals, expecting fully to achieve enlightenment upon his
death — presumably at a respectable age.

It was his joss to be caught up in the angry demonstra-
tions that accompanied the tragedy at Tiananmen Square.
Surrounded by a mob of unruly protesters that filled the
streets of Kowloon, An Sheng had the misfortune of stum-
bling as he tried to make his way out of the crowd. A fight
erupted above his prone body and the police intervened. The
mob fled and trampled An Sheng to death in their haste.

An Sheng was thrown headlong into the spirit worlds
and he experienced — for the first time in his life — all the
emotions he had ignored for so long. Fragmented images of
the suffering and terror experienced by the less enlightened
masses tore through his mind, awakening his dormant capac-

ity for compassion. As quickly (or

so it seemed) as An Sheng had
entered the Maelstrom, though,
he found himself thrown back
into the Middle Kingdom,
beset by strange hungers and
helpless to prevent his P'o from
savaging a pair of factory
workers returning home
from their shift. The
violence of his attack
brought him back to
some semblance of

self-control; Sheng sought out others like him and presented
himself to them for punishment.

Instead, Angtio Chun and his court brought An Sheng
completely into the society of the Kuei-jin. As a member of
Chun's wu, the former monk now acts as an interpreter of
traditions. He has adopted Chun's commitment to restoring
Hong Kong's Kuei-jin to prominence. An Sheng seeks nightly
to learn the lesson that he ignored in life — compassion for
the suffering of others.

Nature: Autist

P'o Nature: The Legalist

Demeanor: Caregiver

Chi Balance: Yang

Direction: North

Dharma: Thrashing Dragon 2

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 1

Skills: Crafts (gardening) 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 2, Per-
formance (singing) 2, Repair 3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 4

Disciplines: Cultivation 2, Demon Shintai 1, Equilib-
rium 2, Flesh Shintai 2, Internalize 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Jade Talisman 2

Chi Virtues: Yin 2, Yang 4

Soul Virtues: Hun 7, P'o 3

Willpower: 8

Image: An Sheng wears the robes of a Buddhist monk.
His shaven head and austere features belie his inner turmoil.
He forces himself to display his emotions, but when he does
so, he appears to be wearing a mask. He moves with dignity
and his lips often move in silent prayers.

Roleplaying Hints: It is so difficult to break the habits
of a lifetime, although you realize that you have many years
ahead of you in which to do just that. It is your Dharma to
learn to feel, and so you attempt to plunge yourself into the
emotions of your P'o. Nevertheless, you long for the sterile
comfort of nonfeeling.

When under the P'o's dominance, An Sheng is the
epitome of callousness. He passes down judgments on Kuei-
jin and mortals alike, seeking ruthlessly to enforce "correct"
and "propitious" behavior.

Haven: An Sheng resides beneath a small temple in the
hills outside Hong Kong.

Secrets: None.

Influence: He has a reputation among other monks

v4 ‘9 as a sage of great wisdom and tolerance.

we Taare ee Oo Oe

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

|
RY
Nz
a=


= A_A _A_A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

VICTORIOUS WHIRLWIND

The return of Hong Kong to Chinese control has re-
sulted in the arrival, after over a century of waiting, of
Victorious Whirlwind — a militant wu dedicated to reestab-
lishing the Flame Court. Led by Jun Yow, a mainland
Kuei-jin warlord with strong connections in the PRC, Vic-
torious Whirlwind seeks to wrest control of the region from
the hands of the Righteous Devils, whom they see as irrepa-
rably corrupted by their former associations with the Western
Kindred. As well, Victorious Whirlwind scorns the Devils'
habitual reliance on the "old ways" rather than following the

path of proletarian progress exemplified by the People's
Republic.

JUN YOW (WOMANLY TRUTH), "THE WARLORD"

Background: One of many women who found long-
awaited egalitarian reform among the forces of Mao Zedong,
Jun Yow left her family and their expectations to follow the
charismatic leader on his Long March through China. She
did not survive the historic trek, falling prey to sickness just
before its completion in 1935.

She passed into Yomi and underwent a period of brutal
torture, as demons unceasingly ripped apart and reassembled
the jade of her spirit; each time bringing Jun Yow to a fresh
and painful understanding of her personal failures. She
returned as a ravenous and tormented chih-mei and embarked
on a vicious rampage until she was captured and brought
under control by agents of the Ancestor of Beijing.

The ancestor, seeing within the fledgling Cathayan a
spark of true fervor and desire to serve a greater goal, assigned
Jun to a jina charged with preparing her for undertaking a
great task. Fraught with shame over her incomplete life, Jun
Yow embraced the teachings and discovered her kéa — the
furthering of the revolutionary spirit among mortals and
Kuei-jin — in the process. She managed to compensate for
her Yin tendencies by deliberately cultivating her Yang-
related passions. Jun labored in the cause of reform throughout
China for many years. When the time was auspicious and her
enlightenment had progressed sufficiently, she and a few
other chosen Kuei-jin formed a wu named Victorious Whirl-
wind, which was dedicated to liberating the lost region of
Hong Kong from its decadent foreign yoke. In spite of her
relative youth, Jun Yow's experiences on the Long March
and her rapid progress along her Dharmic path led to her
leadership of Victorious Whirlwind. Over the next several
decades, Jun helped tweak the political undercurrents from
behind the scenes that led to China's recognition as a world
power on an international scale.

As the time for Hong Kong's reversion to Chinese rule
drew nearer, Jun Yow and her wu prepared for their trium-
phant entry into the lost territory of the Flame Court. Her
assessment of the Righteous Devils, and Angtio Chun in

¥4 75)

e
te a i a is ii lai cl deal i, lm ae al ail ie, le ell, ee ee
62 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

BOO OOOO QOOQOOO)OQGOQGG,G,G  ___—_—ooOOOeeeee ss...


» @

A_A_A_A _A_A_A__A_A__A__A A _A__A_A_A_A

particular, is not a kind one; she blames Chun's cowardice
and political kowtowing for the hideous state of Hong Kong's
moral barrenness. Despising the "old ways" of the Devils and
believing that Hong Kong's resident Kuei-jin want merely to
replace the now-departed Kindred hierarchy with their own
corrupted leadership, Jun Yow desires total control of the
region for its own good and for the fulfillment of her Dharma.

Image: Jun Yow dresses much as she did when she was
alive, affecting the serviceable uniform of the participants in
the Long March. Her hair is short and worn straight with no
concessions to style; likewise, she does not "prettify" herself
with cosmetics and despises anyone who does. Her stance
and attitude project a supreme contempt for those who fail to
meet her exacting standards. Her Yang tendencies, however,
give her a vitality and passionate energy, and they endowed
her with an attraction that comes from inner fire rather than
outward artifice.

Roleplaying Hints: You were unable to complete the
Long March, which you regret deeply. However, other con-
cerns now supersede that unfortunate circumstance. Your
goal is to reestablish the Flame Court in Hong Kong;
regardless of their proclaimed loyalty to the Great
Cycle, you believe that the Righteous Devils have
spent too long under the influence of the corrupt
and decadent Kin-jin. Your wu is destined to ¢
control the Flame Court, and everything you do
is directed toward that end. Your talent for
inspiring others has already won many to your
cause. You work through mortals when you
must, and you are not above unleashing
your P'o when violence seems the bestand ™
most effective course of action.

Haven: Jun Yow resides primarily
in Kowloon, where she can keep an eye
on Hong Kong Island while still feel-
ing a spiritual connection to the
Chinese mainland.

Secrets: None.

Influence: She enjoys a great
deal of influence among the new
mortal regime in Hong Kong.

Nature: Judge

P'o Nature: The Monkey
Demeanor: Fanatic

Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: South

Dharma: Resplendent Crane 4
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Music

(revolutionary songs) 3, Repair 2, Security 4, Stealth 4,
Torture 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 2, Law 3,
Linguistics 4, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Politics 4
Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Blood Shintai 2, Demon
Shintai 3, Internalize 1, Obligation 3, Yin Prana 1
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts (Communist
leadership in Beijing and Hong Kong) 4, Herd 3,
Resources 2

Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5

Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'05

Willpower: 8

BING KAI (TRIUMPHANT WARRIOR)

Background: A Mongol general of the Yuan
Dynasty, Bing Kai achieved a reputation
for courage in battle — and for hideous
brutality. Even the men under his com-
mand walked softly around the
fiery-tempered warrior, for
the slightest fault could
lead to an agonizing
Ss death under his watch-
ful eye. Bing Kai
reveled in battle, but
he took even greater
pleasure in its after-
math.

Ome.

ii i, a a a. a a. a ee a a,

| RE ARTE eee See sega eee a ga ok

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

pg See _C__CLt*F*=FEhR__,,____,_ ____|


y

a

|
|
|
|
|
|
|
|

A_d4_A A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The disposal of prisoners occupied much of Bing Hai's
"off-duty" time. He never ceased to delight in thinking up
new ways of tormenting his victims, particularly women and
children; their helplessness and weakness inflamed his basest
passions and excited his lustful imagination.

Fittingly, Bing Kai died at the hands of one of his
intended victims, a beautiful young woman captured and
accused of spying on the general's army. A few minutes after
she was dragged to his field tent for "questioning," a mighty
explosion rocked the area, as what looked like a gigantic
fireball engulfed the tent and everyone in it. While most of
Bing's men told themselves that the general (and his pris-
oner) were victims of ball lightning, a few whispered that the
captive woman was actually a fire-spirit sent in human form
to punish the general for his repugnant behavior.

Regardless of the cause of his death, Bing's spirit soon
found itself in Yomi, where he experienced the torments he
inflicted on his past victims. His own suffering was so great
that his P'o seized control of his tortured body and propelled
his soul back into the world of flesh.

Bing Kai does not remember what actions he committed
as a chih-mei, but he suspects that they put his mortal deeds
to shame in their excess. When he finally managed to control
his mindless fury and present himself to be judged by the local
Kuei-jin, he accepted the kéa given him — the atonement for
his past crimes against the helpless. Alas, his will was not
equal to his desire, and Bing Kai's progress along the Road
Back was measured in inches for centuries.

Then the unthinkable happened. The Council of Man-
darins for the Flame Court decreed that Bing Kai must join
anewly formed wu and accept an advisory position. Thus, the
Mongol general and torturer of women now finds himself
subordinated to the commands of Jun Yow, the leader of
Victorious Whirlwind. Kai's only consolation is in the knowl-
edge that his wu is charged with the reclamation of Hong
Kong for the Flame Court — a prospect that stirs the flames
of his warrior's heart once more.

Image: Bing Kai looks and dresses like the Mongol
general he was in life. Short and stocky, with long dark hair
and a plentiful mustache, he struts and postures as if he is in
command of his wu. His dark, calculating eyes and cruel
mouth make him appear truly formidable and forbidding.

Roleplaying Hints: Atonement is the torture you must
bear for your crimes in life. Accept your lot stoically, but
grudgingly. Give in to your P'o whenever possible; what you
do under its command is not your fault and provides you with
a few small pleasures in the midst of your long Dharmic
journey. Obey the woman who commands you, even though
you seethe inside at having to submit to her orders.

Haven: Bing Kai resides in Kowloon.

Secrets: He schemes to replace Jun Yow as leader of the
wu.

Influence: He is slowly building up a following among
the more militant-minded soldiers in the People's Liberation
Army that now quarters in Hong Kong.

Nature: Bravo

P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Autist

Chi Balance: Yang

Direction: North

Dharma: Devil-Tiger 3

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina5
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 4

Skills: Crafts (flesh-carving) 4, Etiquette 2, Melee
(sword) 5, Stealth 3, Torture 4

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Medicine (prolonging pain)
4, Occult 2, Politics 1

Disciplines: Black Wind 5, Blood Shintai 2, Demon
Shintai 3, Flesh Shintai 3

Backgrounds: Resources 2

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang6

Soul Virtues: Hun 3, P'o7

Willpower: 6

BAO QUN (HONOR THE MASSES)

Background: A product of China's Cultural Revolu-
tion, Bao Qun worked hard to revolutionize his consciousness,
throwing off the shackles of tradition and outmoded culture
and superstition. Serving in the People's Liberation Army,
he traveled throughout China, while stamping out signs of
cultural recidivism with a ruthlessness that earned him the
respect of his comrades-in-arms.

Therefore, Bao Qun's cadre genuinely mourned his
death from a blow to the head (caused by a stone thrown with
uncanny accuracy by a hidden reactionary). Not that Bao
Qun could appreciate their grief: Even as his devotion to the
principles of Chairman Mao was being eulogized, Bao Qun's
spirit was undergoing hideous tortures in the Yomi World.
Multiple crimes flashed through his P'o's consciousness —
ignoring and repudiating the sacred truths of existence,
executing innocents simply because they refused to give up
the old ways, and overweening pride in false doctrines.

Bao Qun grew enraged enough finally to rip free of his
prison and reenter the world of the living. He was found
almost immediately and brought before the Ancestor of
Beijing, who noted Qun's youthful fervor and questioned
him at length about his desire to atone for his rejection of
tradition. The ancestor was satisfied that Bao Qun could be
salvaged and assigned him to Victorious Whirlwind.

il ie i aa a. ama eal el ca aa cali da a lle a

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A _A _A A A _A_A_A_A__A_A A A _A_A_A

Arriving in Hong Kong with his wu, Qun now seeks to
fulfill his k6a by accepting the traditions he once rebuked. He
also ferries messages from the spirit worlds to his wu. Despite
his best efforts, however, Qun remains at heart a child of the
new China. If he cannot divest himself of the old ways, he
can at least help purge Hong Kong's Kuei-jin of their capital-
ist, foreign-influenced trappings.

Image: Bao Qun dresses in army fatigues or peasant's
clothes. When his P'o is in charge, however, he affects
Western dress (much to his chagrin). His hair is cut short and
his dark eyes have the intensity that only a reformed reform-
ist can display. He is short and stocky, with well-developed
musculature from his army discipline.

Roleplaying Hints: You are still learning to honor the
ways you once denied. Sometimes you forget to be properly
deferential to your elders. Your patriotic fervor must find new
channels, such as the conversion (or elimination) of the
Western-infected Kuei-jin in the new Special Administra-
tive Region. Observe the
traditions as best you

can; ask questions
about the ways you
don't understand.

Haven: Bao Qun shares a residence with the rest of his
wu in Kowloon.

Secrets: None.

Influence: Qun has some political influence among the
anti-Western administrators of the new regime in Hong
Kong.

Nature: Director

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Fanatic

Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: West

Dharma: Resplendent Crane 3

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2

Skills: Drive (army truck) 4, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4,
Melee 2, Repair 3, Security 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law (military) 3,
Linguistics 2, Occult 1, Politics 4

Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Blood Shintai 2, Equilibrium
1, Obligation 2, Yang Prana 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources |

Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5

Soul Virtues: Hun 6, P'o 4

Willpower: 8

THE BONE WEB

Although it does not function as an official wu, this
loose confederation of Hong Kong's renegade Kuei-jin works
to undermine the efforts of both the Righteous Devils and
Victorious Whirlwind, seeking to keep themselves in power
and prevent the disruption of their lucrative enterprises.

GAN SHUO (BOLD ACHIEVER)

Background: Even during his mortal days in the brutally
decadent courts of the Qin Dynasty, Gan Shuo demon-
strated an awesome lust for personal power and a taste for
cruelty to rival the emperor himself. Soon after the over-
throw of the Qin Dynasty by the Han, Gan Shuo was put to
death for his excesses and suffered a lingering torture that
lasted seven days. Propelled into the Yomi World after
his death, he underwent even more vigorous tor-
ments under the watchful eyes of the Yama
Queen Tou Mu, until his screaming spirit
broke free of his imprisonment and resur-
faced as a Kuei-jin.

Assigned to a wu and placed under
the tutelage of an exacting jina, Gan
Shuo chafed beneath the restrictions

et

"ay

vvveevpeVveOVGVWGeeVGVG'v?+W¥®f=pethiVWYWeOAYWoY

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

uy
wt

vo

A_A_A _A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

of his new existence. His hunger for power, particularly that
derived from the suffering of others, had not eased even after his
experiences in Yomi. He continued to pursue his own proclivi-
ties — feeding almost exclusively from the Chi of tortured
victims.

His actions brought him eventually to the censure of the
Quincunx, which pronounced him akuma and declared him
outcast from the ranks of the Kuei-jin. Sentenced to Face the
Eye of Heaven, Gan Shuo nevertheless managed to escape
his executioners and take flight.

His wanderings took him throughout most of the Middle
Kingdom. And he left behind him a trail of victims and a
palpable aura of terror in each place. Finally, in the middle
of the 19th century, Shuo found a more permanent refuge —
on the barbarian-infested island of Hong Kong.

Gan Shuo took advantage of the chaos in Kuei-jin
society and insinuated himself in Hong Kong's slums. Prac-
ticing subtlety for perhaps the first time in his self-indulgent
existence, he began building a network of allies among
gullible mortals and like-minded shen, constructing a finely
patterned web of corruption and vice directed toward satis-
fying his depraved desires.

Shuo controls a select subculture of Hong Kong's crimi-
nal underworld, one that caters to child pornography, the
slave trade and the snuff market. His customers, few of whom
know of his existence except as a cold, corrupting presence
lurking in the corner of a darkened room, include both Kuei-
jin and Kin-jin. Privy to a host of dark secrets, Gan Shuo has

also formed a pact with emissaries from the Dark King-
dom of Jade (ruled by his former emperor, Qin
Shihuang) to further their ambitions in the Middle
Kingdom.
Since the return of Hong Kong to Chinese rule,
Shuo has been forced to move even deeper into the
shadows. Reluctant to give up the empire he has built, he
hopes to take advantage of the conflicting factions who
seek control of Hong Kong's shen community, playing
them off against one another and gaining knowledge of
their secret vices and most perverse weaknesses. Kuei-jin,
Kin-jin, hengeyokai: It matters little. Gan Shuo acts
solely for-himself, remaining as he always has been

— his own master.

Deep within the Hell of Being Skinned
Alive, Tou Mu laughs.
\ Image: Though Gan Shuo dresses in
the ancient finery of the Qin Dynasty, his
elegant clothing cannot conceal his near-
skeletal, corpselike appearance. His
sunken eyes burn with the dark fires of his
negative energies, and the bare bones of
his hands move expressively when he
speaks, exercising a mesmerizingly repulsive grace. He is a
ch'ing shih in every sense of the word.

Roleplaying Hints: The pain of mortals gives you
sustenance and power. So do the secrets you hold within
you, as they grant you influence over your enemies. You
move, spiderlike, within the web of your plots and

schemes. Work to keep your enemies at each others'
throats and away from your own.

Haven: Gan Shuo dwells in the Wanchai district of
Hong Kong, below a stonecarver's shop.

Secrets: He knows most of the dirt on the colony's

supernatural community, both Eastern and Western.

Influence: Gan Shuo controls the most perverse ele-

ments of the vice market; through intermediaries, he also has
formed a tentative alliance with the Tremere Oliver Thrace
(see below) and with the Kumo (Goblin Spider) Qian Shi.

ie wo Lo Ss + ee Se SU ULShUULCmU LOU hCUmG em Ue Ue
66 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A __A_A A _A_A_A_A__A__A__A_A__A__A__A__A_A_A

Nature: Deviant

P'o Nature: The Bandit

Demeanor: Plotter

Chi Balance: Yin (imbalanced)

Direction: South

Dharma: Song of the Shadow 7 (corrupted by Yama
Kings)

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 6, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Crafts (bone-carving) 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 5,
Stealth 4, Torture 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Law 3, Linguistics 4, Medi-
cine 3, Occult 4

Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Bone Shintai 5, Demon
Shintai 3, Ghost-Flame Shintai 4, Jade Shintai 4, Chi'iu
Muh 5, Yin Prana 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Horoscope 3, Re-
sources 4

Chi Virtues: Yin 10, Yang 4

Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'o 9

Willpower: 8

FENJIN, "VIGOROUS ACHIEVER"

Background: Born into a triad family, Fen Jin grew up
on the streets of Mongkok. He had joined his triad brothers
in collecting squeeze money from the small businesses in his
district by the time he was 12. He later specialized in
kidnapping and torturing the sons and daughters of wealthy
Chinese families for extortion. Jin's favorite "sport" (be-
sides gambling), however, was fighting rival triads. He
became known for his vicious streetfighting abilities.

One evening, returning home from checking in on
his latest kidnap victim, Jin heard a soft thud in the air
behind him. He barely had time to recognize the
sound of a silenced rifle when he fell, fatally
wounded by ashot in the back of the head.
Propelled into the spirit worlds, Fen
Jin's P'o was too strong even for Yomi's
hells. Crashing through the Wall, Jin
rose and began rampaging through the
streets of Mongkok.

A group of Kuei-jin were sent by the
ancestor to put down the raging monster,
and they cornered the mindless and slavering Fen
Jin. Suddenly, a hand reached out from behind the chih-
mei and pulled him to safety through a hidden doorway in
a seemingly dead-end alley. His rescuer, the akuma Gan
Shuo, calmed Jin's raging P'o and explained to the

young Cathayan what had happened to him. Shuo spoke of
the Righteous Devils' evil and promised Fen Jin the fulfill-
ment of all his desires if he did for Gan Shuo what he did for
the triads in his life — extort from and eliminate rivals.

Since Fen Jin's entire knowledge of what it is to be Kuei-
jin comes from his mentor and boss, he has no familiarity
with the higher purposes of his state of existence. He lives
now to indulge himself in the same bloodthirsty activities he
excelled in before his death.

Image: Fen Jin looks and acts like a street tough, wearing
a leather jacket, tight jeans and dark glasses. He wears his
hair in a short buzzcut and smokes constantly (a habit he
believes adds to his "tough-guy" image). He spends much of
his time in Demon Shintai form.

Roleplaying Hints: Talk tough, walk tough. Speak in
monosyllables and act knowledgeable even when you're not.
The only person you respect is your devil boss.

Haven: Fen Jin lives in Mongkok, but he
often stays with his boss as a bodyguard.

Secrets: He still knows many secrets of

the brotherhood.

z

Yr. = ee SS oe oe Oe ee ee Ue ee ee ee Oe

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

¥

"an
wll


gSSS5QV5reKTEeoeoeoeeeeeeeeeeee ee eee

au,"
UA

Influence: Fen Jin has contacts within the triad net-
work.
Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Bravo
Chi Balance: Yin
Direction: none
Dharma: 0 (akuma)
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4,
Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3,
Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics
3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimidation
4, Streetwise 4
Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4,
Melee 4, Security 3, Stealth 3,
Torture 4
Knowledges: Area Knowledge
(Mongkok) 5, Area Knowledge
(Hong Kong region) 3, Finance
2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 1
Disciplines: Blood Shintai 2,
Bone Shintai 1, Demon Shintai 2,
Obligation 1
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 1,
Resources 3
P'o Nature: Deceiver
Chi Virtues: Yin 6, Yang 4
Soul Virtues: Hun 1, P'o9
Willpower: 6

pronounced, she grew pale but still said nothing. Fortunes
were made and lost by the gamblers who came to view her

execution. Lang Shan died silently while looking out
to sea as the platform opened beneath her feet.
Lang Shan's spirit flew beyond the Middle
Kingdom even as her body twitched in its final
agony. In Yomi, Lang Shan's P'o relived her
last battle and saw her secret lover, first-mate
Da Nan, throw himself into the sea. With his
name on her lips (the first words she had
spoken since her capture), Lang Shan
hurled herself through the Wall and
reentered the Middle Kingdom. Dis-
covered by Ghost-Killer, Shan was
brought before her court and initi-
ated into Kuei-jin society.
Ghost-Killer, seeing her useful-
ness as a sailor, charged her
with the kéa of keeping the
peace in the South China
Sea.

Lang Shan, however,
refused to cooperate with the
foreigners who had taken her
life and who had driven her

lover to suicide. Disavowing
her kéa, she broke with the
ancestor and her court, declar-
ing herself heimin. Ghost-Killer,
believing that Lang Shan would
eventually come to her senses and
beg for readmission into Kuei-jin soci-
ety, let her go.
LANG SHAN (BRIGHT CORAL)
Background: One of the fiercest pirates to
roam the South China Sea, Lang Shan cost the
British many good vessels and valuable cargoes of

Gan Shuo found Shan and gave her
sanctuary. He promised her protection from
both the ancestor, who (Shuo told her) would
eventually seek her out and slay her, and
opium. Determined to stop the depredations of from the Kin-jin Tai-pan, who had his own
Lang Shan, the British sent a fleet of ships to
confront the pirate. During a great battle on the
open sea, the flagship of the British fleet rammed
the pirate ship; soldiers poured on board, intending
to kill or capture the crew. Superior numbers car-
ried the day, and one by one the pirates either fell to
the foreigners or surrendered. The first-mate refused
to be taken alive and cast himself into the sea. Lang
Shan was taken prisoner and brought to Hong Kong
for trial.

reasons for wanting her removed. Gan Shuo
would also provide Shan with a boat anda
crew of willing mortals. All she had to do
in return was transfer some cargo be-
tween Hong Kong and various ports
along the China coast.
Lang Shan accepted. Eager
yay OFS be back at sea, she hoped she
would find some trace of her lover's
ghost. She saw little difference be-
Only then did the authorities discover that the tween piracy and smuggling until
pirate who had caused them so much grief was a woman she discovered that her "cargo" con-
— barely out of her teens. Lang Shan refused to speak sisted, not of drugs or weapons or
to her gweilo captors throughout her imprisonment and silver, but of human slaves bound for the brothels and child-

trial. When her sentence

death by hanging — was labor factories of Shanghai, Guangdong and other ports.

\ a
66

++ | = + |S Ys .! hUhYThULehULeCOUhehULl heheh
HONG KONG BY MGHT


A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A_A

Lang Shan protested, but Gan Shuo reminded her that her
continued existence rested in his hands. She had no choice
but to cooperate.

Shan has hardened herself to her job over the years. She
keeps her distance from her suffering cargo and concentrates
instead on searching for any trace of her dead lover. Thus, she
survives.

Image: Lang Shan no longer bothers to disguise herself
as aman, and therefore, she appears as the attractive young
woman she was in life. Her long black hair is usually worn in
braids to keep it out of her face; her dark, long-lashed eyes
have a clear, direct gaze. She dresses in modern clothes that
are sturdy enough to stand up to bad weather and strong
winds.

Roleplaying Hints: You hate the work you do, but you
need your mentor's protection and you relish the freedom
you have to continue your search for your lost lover. Think
about everything but what you do; as the captain of a ship
(and a smuggling vessel, at that), you have plenty to keep you
busy. Walk carefully on shore — you don't know who to trust
except your crew.

Haven: Lang Shan lives for the most part aboard her
ship, the Golden Serpent. When she must stay on shore, she
usually resides in a small apartment near Gan Shuo, who
provides her with guards to protect her sleep.

Secrets: She knows a lot about the flesh market, from a
conveyor's point of view.

Influence: Lang Shan is respected among other smug-
glers; her crew is devoted to her.

Nature: Rebel

P'o Nature: Barbarian

Demeanor: Survivor

Chi Balance: Yang

Direction: Center

Dharma: Thrashing Dragon 3

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3

Skills: Boating 5, Crafts (boat-making) 3, Firearms 2,
Melee 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (South China Sea) 4,
Finance 2, Investigation 2, Law (sea) 3, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 1, Occult 1

Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Blood Shintai 3, Obligation
2, Yang Prana 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor (Gan Shuo) 2, Resources
3

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 6

Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'o5

Willpower: 7

SUBLIME CARETAKERS

Led by a powerful penangallan, this wu consists of Kuei-
jin united primarily by their feelings of responsibility for the
forgotten masses of Hong Kong — the hordes who inhabit
the floating cities of sampans and junks that clog the territory's
harbors.

HUAN HAL (JOYOUS SEA), "CONVETER OF TIDINGS"

Background: Huan Hai remembers the first appearance
of the foreign sailing ships, for she grew up among the pirates
of the Pearl River. Her father had dealings with some of the
English traders, which formed an important link in the chain
of opium traffic so valued by the British mercantile forces.
The forceful, crude and uncivilized foreigners both fasci-
nated and repulsed the young girl, who watched her father
interact with them from a discreet distance. Huan's curiosity
was unfortunately her undoing.

A British sea captain saw Huan from afar. So smitten was
he by her beauty and grace that he determined to have her.
At first, he went about this
endeavor honorably by
asking to buy Huan
from her father as a

concubine. Her father
refused, so Captain
Shockley resorted to
kidnapping.

That night,
Shockley claimed
his prize aboard his
boat. Overwhelmed
pain and

Huan

with
shame,

.. = « + + + = + .hShUhUcemCOUmUhCUmULDhUmhSTChCUCUCLCUCUC.ChUCUL CU
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

e
ers i | Ve
6 (


y=

€

A 4 =

"WF

\
f

i

A_A_A _A~ A A&A A&A A A A A A A _ A A _A_A_A_A

sought release by casting herself into the sea. Huan Hai
passed from the world of flesh.

Finding herself tossed about in the tempestuous and
mind-breaking currents of the Yomi World, Huan Hai re-
lived her shame again and again until she had only one desire
— to be the vehicle for administering the spirits' anger on
those who treated her so badly, and on their descendants.

Driven by her P'o, she located and repossessed her body,
which was half-eaten by fishes at the bottom of the ocean
floor near the harbor of Hong Kong. She propelled herself
upward and arrived upon the land, starving for Chi and ready
to slake her thirst on foreign blood. Eventually, she was
inducted by the local Kuei-jin and set on her kéa, acting as
the voice of the spirit worlds to shen and mortals who dwell
atop the sea.

Making her home among the Tanka boat people, Huan
Hai and her wu, the Sublime Caretakers, involve themselves
in both Kuei-jin and mortal society in a number of ways.
They oversee much of the protection racket among the
floating cities of Causeway Bay on a purely mortal level. In
addition, they provide safe passage and shelter for local Kuei-
jin who need assistance escaping persecution by demon
hunters. As leader of the wu, Huan Hai spends most of her
time interpreting the directives of the spirits, particularly
those from the Yang World, to which she is most closely
attuned.

Huan Hui is able to separate her head and digestive
organs from the rest of her body, and she roams the harbor
and docks in search of prey while the rest of her body remains
in safety within its floating crypt. Her frequent communion
with the spirit worlds keeps her apprised of the spirits' will,
and she passes along their advice (including instructions for
eliminating offensive individuals) to her wu. The Kuei-jin of
the Quincunx see Huan Hai and her wu as one of their
foremost weapons in the coming effort to eradicate the
Western Kindred. They are not aware that their "weapon"
has a double-edge — Huan Hai serves the spirit worlds first,
and all others second.

Image: Huan Hai appears as a young, vivacious woman
in her mid-teens. She dresses in the clothing of the boat
people with whom she surrounds herself. Only the keenest of
eyes can spot the faint wrinkling patterns on her skin, as if she
has been immersed in water for hours (or, in her case, for
days). Because of her Yang imbalance, her skin is hot and
flushed and she often carries one or more diseases.

Roleplaying Hints: The spirits need messengers to
strike where they find it difficult or inconvenient. You have
carried out their wishes time and again and have found it
possible to satisfy your own urges for vengeance against all
foreigners as well. Now that Hong Kong has returned to the
Flame Court, any foreigners stupid enough to remain here are
fodder for your vengeance.

OO —Vv-

Haven: Huan Hai rests aboard a sampan indistinguish-
able from the thousands of others that clog the harbors at
Hong Kong. She sleeps during the day below the level of the
sea, an irony that never ceases to amuse her.

Secrets: She knows of the existence of one of the Zhong
Lung (see below) among the boat people. She also knows of
the existence of Gan Shuo, the akuma, whom she despises.
Finally, Huan Hai has recently been impregnated by a tourist
john (who did not survive the encounter). She is trying to
bear and keep the child, for the spirits have told her that this
dhampyr is of great importance to the future of the Middle
Kingdom.

Influence: Huan Hai's influence extends over the com-
munity of floating peoples, particularly the Tanka.
Nature: Mediator
P'o Nature: The Demon
Demeanor: Director
Chi Balance: Yang (imbalanced)

Direction: West

Dharma: Thrashing Dragon 7

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Portents 5, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Finance 1, Law 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine
3, Occult 5

Disciplines: Chi'iu Muh 3, Demon Shintai 4, Flesh
Shintai5, Yang Prana 4

Backgrounds: Allies (boat people) 5, Herd 5

Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 9

Soul Virtues: Hun 7, P'o7

Willpower: 7

MONA TING

Background: Mona Ying became interested in politics
as a student at Hong Kong University. Blooded during the
Tiananmen Square support rallies, she discovered her talent
for public speaking (or "rabble rousing"). Later, she found
herself to be equally critical of the British, whose economic
laxity doomed the majority of Hong Kong's millions to the
mercies of the fabulously wealthy (mostly British) upper
classes.

Urged by her friends to enter the political arena, Mona
refused. She believes that all politicians at one time succumb
to graft, bribes or personal ambition. She opted for a grass-
roots style of political agitation, organizing workers to lobby
for better working conditions. She eventually expanded her
"peoples' platform" to include women's and children's rights.
The plight of the thousands of boat people in Hong Kong's

i A Mi a Me ee a ee, ee ee ee, ce

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

harbors moved her to campaign for them as well. In this way, Roleplaying Hints: Speak your mind. You have already
she earned many enemies in both the Chinese and British — died once and survived; nothing more can phase you. There
camps. are too many important issues to worry about, particularly

now that the Chinese from the mainland are overrun-
ning Hong Kong and doing their best to bleed her dry
while putting on a good face for the world.

When Mona's P'o is in charge, it does every-
thing possible to destroy what Mona's Hun Nature
strives for. Mona's Demon half has been responsible
for several grisly murders among the boat people,

and, unbeknownst to her, she acts occasionally as
Gan Shuo's lackey while possessed by her
Demon.

Mona began to receive death threats, some
of which came from those who supported the
approaching turnover of Hong Kong to China.
Other warnings had a distinctly British cast to
them. She ignored them, for she was deter-
mined not to be dissuaded from what she
believed to be a righteous course of action.

And so, two days before an important rally
in front of the People's Bank of China,
Mona Ying's battered body was found
in an alley in Kowloon. Haven: Mona sometimes stays with the
boat people; she also has an apartment in

Kowloon.

Her spirit, rent by the extreme
violence of her death, split and
entered Yomi. Over and over
again, Mona confronted her
foolish idealism and her stu-
pid ignorance of the danger
in which she had placed
herself. Mona's P'o rescued
her finally from further humilia-
tion and thrust her out of the
Maelstrom and into the Middle King-
dom.

Brought before Angtio Chun for judg-
ment and placement within an
appropriate wu, Mona insisted that she
be allowed to continue her inter-
rupted life's work. Huan Hai, leader
of the Sublime Caretakers, asked
for Mona's assignment to her wu.
Chun assented.

Despite her disapproval of
her wu's connection to the pro-
tection rackets among the boat people, Mona
agrees with the necessity of caring for these
largely despised and denigrated residents of
Hong Kong. She is prepared to go to battle
against the PRC should they continue their
attempts to destroy a way of life.

Image: Monaappears thoroughly West-
ernized in dress, though she wears small jade
studs in her ears. Her black hair is cut short,
emphasizing her large eyes and expressive
mouth. She wears little make-up and gives
the impression of self-confidence and

Secrets: She is aware of most of
the back-door politicking currently
going on in Hong Kong and Kowloon.

Influence: She has the support of
the boat people and is encouraging

social activists who espouse the causes
she died for.
Nature: Caregiver
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Rebel
Direction: East
Dharma: Resplendent Crane 3
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3,
Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence
4,Wits3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl
1, Dodge 2, Empathy 4, Intimidation 1,
Leadership 2, Streetwise |
Skills: Crafts (flower-arranging) 2, Drive 3,
Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Performance
(oration) 4, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 2,
Finances 1, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 2,
Politics (Asian) 5
Disciplines: Black Wind 1, Blood Shintai 2,
Internalize 2, Jade Shintai 2, Yang Prana 1, Yin
Prana |
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resources 3
Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 5
Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'05
Willpower: 9

assertiveness.

yD

vvvevvVvwWwyew#weVOVGVWYGGW¥GeVGY-vvOGVNGVt.Y
: CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

71

A_A_A_A A A _ A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

y
ae
nat
|

sit)

" LIU SHAO (GLORIOUS YOUNG WILLOW) chih-mei, Shao sought and found his killer and slaked his
Bee uth: bis Shac's clear, melodicua sineing voice initial thirst on the murderer's flesh, blood and bones.
| and delicate features marked him as unusual among his Brought before the Kuei-jin of Hong Kong, Shao baa
Hoklo family. Where others saw a girlish boy ill-suited for the gained his senses and begged forgiveness an his loss of
rigors of life among the boat people, Shao's grandmother control. He was assigned to the Sublime Caretakers in
looked with clearer vision; she saw a child designated for a deference to his background.
| : special destiny instead. The old woman arranged for Shao to Although he has begun to reconnect with his Hoklo
audition for Hong Kong's Peking Opera Company roots, Liu Shao also continues to perform — for a
| after consulting with fortune-tellers and offer- more select audience of Kuei-jin. Occasion-
ing incense to the gods. Ain Oo' P ally, he attends the opera and has become an
The boy was accepted and, after his %& YS * invisible patron of his old company. He is
grandmother negotiated asuitablecompen- C=] —\ ae S; determined that the changes in Hong
aiiitnat howe ince ol fee grandson, 1a Shan x i) Kong Ss government do not mean the end
became an apprentice with the prestigious : to cultural excellence.
opera company. He took to his new life Image: Whether dressed as a man or a
P | almost immediately. He regretted having to woman, Shao is achingly beautiful. His finely
sever his family connections and deny his sculpted features and slender body are si-
| origins, but the intricate costumes and multaneously otherworldly and erotic. His
| make-up, the entrancing musical dra- manners border on the effeminate, though
mas and the joy of performing for an he is far from stereotypical; rather, he is
| appreciative audience more than quiet and self-effacing, except when
‘ | made up for his sacrifices. performing.
| Shao's supple body and ethe- Roleplaying Hints: You are
really beautiful face made both male and female, and it is
women's roles a natural for him, hard for you to decide which gen-
and he soon found it easier to der you prefer. Seduce everyone
adopt a female persona off- with your eyes and body language.
stage as well. Although he Speak softly; save your voice for
| took lovers of both sexes, he singing.
found himself more comfort- Haven: Liu Shao lives with
| able with male partners, the boat people he abandoned as

particularly when he could a child.

4 Secrets: His P'o's torment in
ines whose lives he enacted ‘ Yomi has left him with a fear of
nightly.

pretend to be the tragic hero-

singing, which he must (and usually
Shao accepted an invi- does) overcome each time he per-
tation one evening for what forms.
seemed to be a casual tryst with a Influence: His influence is mod-
wealthy fan who claimed to have erate among the boat people; he
desired him since his debut with exercises a considerable amount of
the Peking Opera. Shao did not indirect control over the operacom-

survive his encounter with the psy- panies in Hong Kong through his

patronage and support.
Nature: Deviant

P'o Nature: The Monkey
a Demeanor: Traditionalist
Chi Balance: Yin

Direction: North
Dharma: Song of the
Shadow 3
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity

Awakening in Yomi, he was
confronted with his abandonment
of his familial duties. Forced to sing
his tortured responses to the ago-
nies he suffered, his mind finally
snapped and his violent P'o escaped
the white jade prison for the Middle

Kingdom. More directed than most

% yy 9

| chopath.
|

ay VVVVVWYWYWwwW¥fetfbpepW¥wWwGWwGWwGW¥fGV¥VWYtW¥fOWWMiAVioWw.
12 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A __A A A _A _A__A__A__A__A_A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A

5, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3

Skills: Crafts (mask-making) 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 1,
Performance (Chinese opera) 5, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Mythology 2, Occult 3
Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Blood Shintai 2,
Bone Shintai 1, Internalize 1, Yin Prana3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Horoscope 3, Resources
3

Chi Virtues: Yin 6, Yang 3
Soul Virtues: Hun 5, P'05
Willpower: 6

GARI (JAPANESE NUEI-JIN)

Hong Kong's financial and business
interests have attracted Kuei-jin from Ja-
pan despite the enmity engendered by
occupation forces during WWII. Even more
enigmatic and inscrutable than their Chinese
counterparts, the gaki or ketsuki (as Japanese
vampires are known) walk carefully in Hong
Kong, cognizant of their tenuous claim to the
hospitality of the local Kuei-jin.

KIOSHO MASAHIRO (THE TOLERANT ONE)

Background: The Kiosho family rose to promi-
nence after the opening of Japan to the West.
Combining noble ancestry with financial acumen,
they attained wealth and power by embracing the
trend toward industrialization. Kiosho Masahiro, a
Kuei-jin of the Genji uji, has directed the fortunes of
his mortal family since the time of the Mongol inva-
sion of 1266 by foretelling subtle shifts in the winds of
intrigue and politics and taking advantage of them.

A consummate warrior as well as the head of his
house, Masahiro took part in the early efforts to
repulse the forces of Kublai Khan. Though he fell
nobly in battle, Masahiro refused to resign his duty as
the driving force behind his family and returned from
the Yomi World with a determination to continue
his leadership of the Kiosho line.

Serving as a mentor to generations of Kiosho
scions, Masahiro has worked diligently throughout
the centuries since his Second Breath to keep up
with the times and refused to let even the most
complex 20th-century technologies pass him by.
Masahiro saw the import of Hong Kong to the post-
war economy of Asia, so he founded a Hong Kong

branch of his Tokyo-based Kiosho Technologies. Masahiro's
benevolent corporate policies (not to mention discreet gifts
to the Kin-jin Tai-pan) ensured his company's place in the
colony's thriving business community, despite local aversion
to the Japanese.
The collapse of the Hong Kong stock market in 1987
nearly resulted in the ruin of Kiosho Technologies. Until
that time, Masahiro had delegated his expansion into
Hong Kong to promising family members. The near-
disaster led to his decision to take a personal hand in
business. Although he found it difficult to uproot
himself, Masahiro traveled from Tokyo to Hong Kong.
Masahiro has been keeping a very close watch on
the pulse of the business community since the re-
union with China. Uncertain as to the future of
his company, he feels the forces of joss strongly
at work in his existence. Masahiro's connec-
tions with the Kin-jin are worthless now, and
his status with Angto Chun is tenuous at
best. His hopes are with the Kuei-jin of
Victorious Whirlwind, banking on their
need for allies to help them assert their
oo control over the Righteous Devils of
Kowloon.

Image: Kiosho Masahiro has adopted mod-
ern dress as a sign of his willingness to change (at
least superficially) with the times. He appears to

be in his mid-30s and has a hard-angled face that
seldom conveys emotion. Masahiro's supreme
confidence in his decisions shows in authorita-
tive speech and in the way he carries himself.

Roleplaying Hints: You see the patterns
of the future and trust your insight to help you
make the right decisions. Speak only when you

have something significant to say; expect your
words to result in action from your subordinates.
You are simultaneously a wise and benevolent
mentor and a demanding taskmaster. It is the way
to success on the Road Back.
Haven: Masahiro makes his home in a pent-
house apartment atop the Hong Kong headquarters
of Kiosho Technologies, in the Central District.
Secrets: He has made overtures to a group of
technological wizards residing in Hong Kong and
hopes to gain their support and backing.
Influence: Masahiro has great influence in the
business community.
Nature: Director
P'o Nature: The Fool
Demeanor: Mediator
y4) Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: East

i. i i ai a a i a

TTY eS UYU
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

a=

Vii

y=

A_A_A_A_A _A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

a
Dharma: Resplendent Crane 7 even her early death from the same wasting sickness that
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5 claimed her father's life could keep her from discharging her
| Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3 duty. Kazuko returned from death as a Kuei-jin of the
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5 Bishamon uji. Immediately recognizing her kéa, she contin-
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation ued her relentless search for the accursed blade.
| 4, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3 Kazuko has received evidence recently that the weapon
Skills: Crafts (netsuke) 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms no longer resides in Japan but has somehow made its way to
3, Martial Arts 4, Melee (katana) 6, Stealth 3 Hong Kong. Following the dictates of her obligation, she
| Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 3, Finance 4, traveled there and attempted to attain an audience with
Law 4, Linguistics 5, Occult 3, Politics 3 Angtio Chun. Chun received Kazuko with cold politeness;
Disciplines: Black Wind 5, Blood Shintai4, Equilibrium he allowed her to stay but instructed her to refrain from
4, Flame Shintai 4, Obligation 5, Yang Prana 3 stirring up trouble or invoking the wrath of the spirits.
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 3, Resources 5 Realizing that she could expect no more assistance from the
Chi Virtues: Yin 7, Yang 7 native Kuei-jin, Kazuko has begun to seek help from other
Soul Virtues: Hun 8, P'06 sources among the local shen.
| Willpower: 9 Kazuko finds the relatively untainted Chi of Hong Kong
adequate compensation for her status as a barely tolerated
| BISHAMON KAZUKO (OBEDIENT DAUGHTER) guest. She does, however, find it difficult to remain apart
| Hethincundi The aaly child 64 an: from her homeland for long. The forces that bind the
Gene sattvural family' Kardkd dedicated Bishamon Kuei-jin to Japan exercise a continual pull on
Herself to atoning to het father for the Kazuko, one that she knows will inevitably result in a
¥ | Giforvanute deeident of her vender. deterioration as deadly to her as the sickness that led to
| since there would be no sons to carry her mortal end.
on the family line. After the death of Image: Kazuko dresses conservatively — wearing
her mother, when Kazuko was still traditional clothing in private but donning modest street
a child, she remained by her attire for mingling with mortals. She affects a disarmingly
fechier's hide and cared for hin meek attitude, but when she is thwarted, her intransi-
when he grew old and infirm. gence shows. She is small, painfully thin and almost sickly
SE thine coniessed tole on in appearance (the evidence of her wasting disease).
| his deathbed that his family Roleplaying Hints: Nothing is more important than
had been cursed centuries ago the fulfillment of your Dharma. Act with scrupulous
through their possession and deference and politeness, but do not let anything deter
loss of an ancient sword. The you from your search. Only by succeeding can you
demon blade, which could not return to your homeland and complete the Road
: be destroyed, was responsible for Back, escaping the perpetual suffering
the extinction of the family line, of your existence.
appearing time and again to mow Haven: Kazuko resides
down another scion. He charged in Hong Kong's Central Dis-
| his daughter with the duty of trict.
finding the sword and discov- Secrets: Her family's
ering the means to destroy loss of the demon blade is
it. both Kazuko's deepest secret
Kazuko searched and her greatest shame.
fruitlessly through old Influence: She has little in-
| manuscripts and fluence in Hong Kong.
hired many agents to Nature: Fanatic
ne the Middle P'o Nature: The Deceiver
Kingdom in search = '
| adeiuaen: Sid Demeanor: Traditionalist
waded 20 please bas Chi Balance: Balanced
father so she undertook Direction: Center
her task with feverish in-
tensity. Indeed, not ny
e
ie i i, A a a. a a a ca, ce i ce a ea a ce el
14 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

a


A _&4 A A _A_A _A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Dharma: 1,000 Whispers 3

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3

Skills: Crafts (brush-painting) 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 4,
Performance (samisen) 2, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 2, Linguis-
tics 3, Occult 3

Disciplines: Black Wind 1, Equilibrium 2, Internalize 3,
Jade Shintai 2

Backgrounds: Resources 3, Jade Talisman 2

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 4

Soul Virtues: Hun 4, P'o 5

Willpower: 9

HEIMIN

A few of Hong Kong's Kuei-jin walk outside the paths
ordained for them. Some do so out of necessity, others out of
scorn for outmoded ways and binding traditions. These, too,

have their place in the Great Cycle.
By denying it, they confirm
its existence.

LAO CHI (DISCREET
SERVICE), "THE G0-
BETWEEN"

Background: Lao
Chi's family hoped to
see their son rise to

ay

the top of Hong Kong's business community. After his
graduation from Harvard Business School and his return to
Hong Kong to participate in his family's independent bro-
kerage firm, Lao Chi seemed on his way to doing just that.
Then his joss turned against him and placed him in the wrong
place at the wrong time and, thereby, ended his life in the
shoot-out crossfire between rival triads.

The trauma of his death awakened his P'o in the other-
wise phlegmatic Lao Chi. He had died on the verge of great
promise, and even death could not keep him from filling his
predetermined role. Lao Chi rose as Kuei-jin only seven days
after his death.

Although he was rescued from his existence as a chih-mei
and inducted into the world of the Kuei-jin, Lao Chi discov-
ered that his Western sensibilities prohibited him from
feeling comfortable within the rigid structure of Kuei-jin
society. Although he acknowledged his Dharma, he found it
impossible to reconcile his path with that of the wu to which
he was assigned. Lao's decision to declare himself heimin was
met with great sorrow by his jina, who, nevertheless, re-
spected Lao Chi's choice and sought to turn it toward a useful
end.

In this fashion, Lao soon found himself acting as an
official liaison between the Righteous Devils and the Kin-jin
court of Tai-pan Robert Pedder. Through Lao's efforts, Chun
was able to communicate with the Tai-pan without suffering
contamination from the barbarian's uncivilized ways. Lao
enjoyed his task of using his diplomatic immunity in both
Kuei-jin and Kin-jin societies to improve the conditions of
his relatives. He attempted to continue the work he had
begun in life.

Now that Pedder has left Hong Kong without a clear
successor and the way seems clear fora total reassertion of the
Kuei-jin, Lao has lost his special status. He is an exile once
more and fears that his knowledge of Western ways, which at
one time served him well, may now prove to be a dangerous
liability.

Image: Lao Chi looks like a young Chinese business-
man. He wears Western suits and ties and carries a
briefcase. He affects British manners and even
speaks Chinese with a slight American ac-
cent. His intelligence is evident in his face,
which demonstrates his emotions more
readily than most Kuei-jin's.
Roleplaying Hints: Shake hands
rather than bow when introduced to
someone for the first time; sprinkle your
speech with American and British slang. You
are more Western than Eastern, and you
refuse to alter your ways radically until
absolutely necessary (which may be
soon). If youcan't weather the storm,
you may need to go elsewhere.

wy

wT ee ee Ye oe ee Oe Oe Oe Oe OU! Oe Oe Ul le

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

"ay
By)
s

Te
1

Ce! A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Keep your plans to yourself, however. You made your choice _ felt particularly amoral while she was alive, she realized that
to go it alone, and there can be no turning back from that she had no roots and no clear idea of who she really was.
decision. Nuan Mei was brought before Angtio Chun upon her

Haven: Lao Chi has a hideously ex- return to the Middle Kingdom, and he tried to fit her into
pensive apartment in Hong Kong's Central Kuei-jin society. After trying to conform to expecta-
District. tions, Mei realized that she still did not know any
more than she did when she was alive.

She broke with her wu and declared herself
heimin. Now she seeks even more ardently to dis-
cover her true purpose. Her method of doing so,
however, harks back to her mortal lifestyle. Mei
spends more time outside Kuei-jin society than
within its confines. Her friends and allies are
the nature spirits, the hengeyokai and, oc-
casionally, the ghosts who linger just

outside the mortal realm. From con-

sorting with all of these (and with the
remaining Kin-jin as well), Mei hopes to
acquaint herself with the real meaning of
her prolonged existence.

Nuan Mei fears the changes China's con-
trol over Hong Kong will bring, both to herself
and her spirit friends, particularly the
shapeshifting hengeyokai. She is determined,
however, to remain in Hong Kong and experi-

ence whatever the future holds.
Nature: Visionary
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Chi Balance: Yang
Direction: South
Dharma: Devil-Tiger 4
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 4
Social: Charisma3, Manipulation 2, Ap-
pearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits

Secrets: Lao knows of Pedder's
childe and plans to use her as "clout" to
help him leave town if necessary.

Influence: He has some influence
in the mortal financial community. His
clout with the local Kuei-jin is fading
quickly.

Nature: Loner

P'o Nature: The Barbarian
Demeanor: Confidant

Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: Center

Dharma: 1,000 Whispers 2
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation

4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence
4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Streetwise 1,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Security 2,
Stealth 3

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Computer 3, Finance
4, Law 2, Occult 1

Disciplines: Black Wind 1, Blood Shintai 2,
Equilibrium 2, Internalize 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Horoscope 1, Resources 4
Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang5

Soul Virtues: Hun 6, P'o 4

Willpower: 6

NUAN MEL (GENIAL ROSE)

Background: Nuan Mei, a hedonist and sen-
sual experimenter in life, spent her short life trying
to sample everything. Wilderness hikes, karaoke
bars, shopping sprees, pilgrimages to out-of-the-
way shrines, and Western movies all attracted
her equally. As the daughter of a wealthy Hong
Kong businessman, she grew up without fear
and without conscience.

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 4, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Melee 2, Music 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Computer 1, Hengeyokai
Lore 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Science (ecol-
ogy) 2
Disciplines: Black Wind 1, Blood Shintai
1, Equilibrium 2, Internalize 1, Yin Prana 1,
Yang Prana 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Re-
yay epg Sources 3
Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 6

Her untimely death in an auto accident
thrust her headlong into Yomi, where she
experienced the undifferentiated chaos that

her life had become. Though she had not

/

i a i i, a, el i, i a i ee ee ee.
HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A_A_A A _A A __A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A_A_A_A

Soul Virtues: Hun 3, P'o 5

Willpower: 5

Image: Nuan Mei is pretty, particularly by Western standards. Although
she sometimes affects traditional dress (cheongsam), she more often wears
casual American or British styles. She pulls her long hair back into a tight
ponytail for trekking in the wilderness.

Roleplaying Hints: Do everything you can to avoid coming into contact
with the Righteous Devils. You suspect that the Kuei-jin of Victorious Whirl-
wind are just as bad, so avoid them as well. The shapeshifters and
nature spirits have more to teach you than stodgy traditionalists.
Walk your own path and don't let anyone deter you from it.

Haven: Nuan Mei lives on the edge of Kowloon, and she
spends much of her time in the wilderness parks of the New
Territories.

Secrets: She knows the locations of the lairs of many of
Hong Kong's hengeyokai, as well as how to get in touch with
them.

Influence: Mei has contacts among much of the non-
Kuei-jin shen community.

THE RIN-JIN (WESTERN
VAMPIRES)

A few powerful individual Cainites stubbornly remain in Hong
Kong, despite increasing activity by the Kuei-jin. Some refuse to accept
the change in power, truly believing that their reign over the night will
continue despite the political and spiritual signs to the contrary.
Others realize just how dangerous their position is, but they remain
anyway — following the mandates of the Camarilla, their sires or
their own secret purposes.

THE HONG KONG CHANTRY

Although most of the Tremere abandoned Hong Kong before
the takeover, a small chantry continues to operate under the
direction of the Warlock Oliver Thrace. Determined to continue
his studies, Thrace has managed to convince clan elders (and his
mentor, Thomas Wynchan,, in particular) that his work in the
region is vital to Tremere interests.

OLIVER THRACE

Background: Thrace has been head of the Hong Kong
Chantry since Thomas Wyncham, the Tremere Inner Council's
East Asian Representative, invited him to act as his primary
agent. Ever hungry for power in both the material and
spiritual arenas, Thrace accepted the position gladly and
relocated to Hong Kong. His reputation as an implacable
enemy to the Sabbat, Setites, Assamites and other
enemies of the Tremere ensured his renown as a force
to be feared.

i i i i a al a. a. ll l,l, a
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

A_A_A _A_A A A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Toall appearances, Thrace is the consummate Tremere —
governed by reason rather than passion, driven by loyalty to the
clan and consumed by a thirst for magical knowledge. In reality,
however, Thrace lives a Masquerade within the Masquerade.
During his early contact with a Sabbat pack devoted to the Path
of Evil Revelations, Thrace captured one of the pack alive and
stripped the unfortunate diabolist's mind of the knowledge of
Dark Thaumaturgy. Since then, Thrace has become a con-
firmed devil-worshipper. His knowledge of Necromancy, derived
from illicit trafficking with the Giovanni (to their detriment),
has given him a passion for learning how to control the spirit
worlds of the dead and the infernal.

His assignment to Hong Kong has provided him with
the perfect opportunity to analyze the ways of the Kuei-jin,
and he has immersed himself in a study of the differences
between Eastern and Western vampires. On the material end
of things, Thrace has garnered a strong hold over the crimi-
nal underground, rivaling that of his opposition, the 14K
triads. Because he derives much of his wealth from prostitu-
tion, drugs and other illicit undertakings, he and his mortal
and ghoul allies compete directly with the 14K. This rivalry
takes many forms, including bloody street fights between
Thrace's goons and members of the triads.

Now that most of the Kindred have fled Hong Kong in the
wake of (and in many cases, well before) the Chinese reacquisi-
tion, Thrace finds himself in a tenuous position. Too stubborn to
leave before he has learned all he can about Kuei-jin philosophies
and magics, he finds himself forced to exercise both restraint and
subtlety, qualities in which Thrace often proves deficient.

Image: Thrace, tall and well-muscled, presents an impos-
ing figure to those who meet him. His silver hair and rugged
features make him almost handsome, except for the jagged scar
on his right cheek and the eyepatch over his right eye. Instead,
he appears fierce and uncompromising. He is never without his
silver-tipped walking cane. The cane itself is a formidable melee
weapon, while the diabolic rituals inscribed along its length
inspire fear in the hearts of any who recognize their general
nature. (Kuei-jin believe it to be a cursed artifact.)

Roleplaying Hints: You are ruthless in your pursuit of
your twin goals: material wealth and power over the spirit
worlds. While you usually maintain a facade of icy calm in
the presence of your clanmates (and particularly when around
Wyncham), you are actually prone to frequent frenzies and
enjoy giving vent to your inner demons. Your cruel streak
extends throughout most of your personality, although you
can be charming when you have to be.

Haven: The Tremere Chantry, located in a small, two-
story building sandwiched between two brothels on
Hollywood Road, in Hong Kong's Western District.

Secrets: Thrace keeps his Dark Thaumaturgy a secret
from everyone (except the spirits and demons he communes
with and seeks to bind and control). Any who discover this
side of him suffer his wrath. He has contacted both the Yama

King Mikaboshi and his rival, the Queen Tou Mu. Thrace
seeks to play the two demons against each other, not realizing
just how transparent they find him.

Influence: Thrace once enjoyed a great deal of influ-
ence among certain criminal elements in Hong Kong. The
reimposition of Chinese rule, however, has jeopardized this
important source of wealth and power.

Clan: Tremere

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1496

Apparent Age: 40

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 6

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finance 5, Linguistics 6,
Occult 3, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Dominate 6, Fortitude 2,
Necromancy 4, Obfuscate 4, Potence 4, Thaumaturgy 6
(Blood 5, Elemental Mastery 5, Lure of Flames 5,
Movement of Mind 4, Spirit Thaumaturgy 5),
Thaumaturgy (Dark) 3

Rituals: Thrace knows most of the rituals of his level of
Thaumaturgy, though he specializes in summoning and
binding spirits and ghosts.

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 4, Mentor (Thomas
Wyncham) 5, Resources 5, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Humanity: 2

Willpower: 9

WAN ZHU (GRACIOUS GEM)

Background: Born in Guangdong, Wan Zhu left China
at the time of the Cultural Revolution, knowing that —as an
intellectual — she would not long survive the cataclysmic
changes in her homeland. She escaped to Hong Kong, where
she accepted a job as a curator for the Museum of Chinese
Historical Relics in Wanchai.

She attracted the attention of a distinguished-looking,
silver-haired gweilo who visited the museum regularly just
before it closed for the evening. More and more often, Wan
Zhu permitted him to remain behind after locking the doors.
His genuine interest in Chinese culture won her respect, and
she shared much of her esoteric knowledge with him.

He asked to see her on urgent business one evening,
claiming that he had come into possession of a rare jade
artifact and wanted her to verify its authenticity before
donating it to the museum. That night, in Wan Zhu's office,

ee. Tw Os a Ol
16 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A_A _A_A_A_A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Oliver Thrace Embraced the curator and inducted her into
the Tremere Clan. He also secretly Blood Bound her, despite
his clan's prohibition against the practice.

Wan Zhu is Thrace's eye on the Kuei-jin community.
She has learned enough about the Cathayan vampires and
their society to "pass" for brief periods of time. Realizing that
her sire has cursed her with damnation, she finds herself torn
between resentment of him (and his overbearing treatment
of her) and the loyalty enforced by the Blood Bond.

She knows that she risks herself continually by her acts
of espionage, but Thrace's power over her is too strong for her
to break. Her orderly existence has become a nightmare of
constant abasement. Thrace pushes her to discover more and
more about the Kuei-jin, particularly with regard to their
abilities to enter the spirit realms.

Her hopes that Thrace would flee with the other Kin-jin
have long since dissipated. She continues to do his will, but
she plots to free herself of his ruthless control somehow.

Image: Wan Zhu appears to be an elegant-looking
woman in her 30s. At Thrace's command, she dresses in
traditional Chinese clothing and carries herself with a meek-
ness that belies her true assertive nature. She says and does
nothing to draw undue attention to herself, particularly
when around her sire.

Roleplaying Hints: You detest your enforced submis-
siveness, but you fear your sire's punishments even more.
Obey him outwardly, but nourish your resentment in any way
you can. You find a way to break the Blood Bond sooner or
later. If all else fails, you can always throw yourself on the
mercy of the Kuei-jin; your death should cause you less pain
than this miserable existence.

Haven: Wan Zhu resides in the Tremere Chantry with
her sire.

Secrets: She plans to find some way to free herself from
Thrace's control.

Influence: None.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Oliver Thrace

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1974

Apparent Age: 30s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Leadership 1

Skills: Crafts (brush-painting) 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Instruction 3, Performance (lectures) 2, Repair 3
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 2, History
(Chinese) 5, Investigation (archaeological) 4,

Ww

A i A a =

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN 79


y= A__A A A A _A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A__A__A_A_A_A

Linguistics 3, Occult (Chinese cosmology) 4, Science
(archaeology) 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 2, Thaumaturgy 2
(Blood 2, Elemental Control 1, Movement of Mind 1)
Rituals: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Communicate
with Kindred Sire

Backgrounds: Mentor (Thrace) 4, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 6

Notes: Thrace has deliberately neglected to teach Wan
Zhu the Dominate Discipline, for obvious reasons.

STEPHEN BATESON, "THE FLUNKY™

Background: Thrace's old nemesis — the Sabbat — has
come back to haunt him in the person of the newest addition
to his chantry. Posing as a Tremere sent to assist Thrace in his
maintenance of the Hong Kong headquarters, Stephen
Bateson is actually a Sabbat scout.

Chosen for his mercurial intelligence and ability to
assume alternate personas at the drop of a hat (he was a
quick-study improv actor), Stephen was Embraced by a
Tzimisce priscus from Toronto. He spent 20 years learning
Thaumaturgy in addition to his other Disciplines. Then, he
was sent to Hong Kong with a forged document from the
London Tremere Chantry.

Taking a gamble that Thrace would be preoccupied with
the chaos surrounding the impending change in Hong Kong's
political situation — and its repercussions for Western vam-
pires — Stephen presented himself to Thrace as a vote of
confidence from the London Tremere. The Sabbat spy's
natural acting ability disarmed the Tremere elder, who saw
in the neonate a perfect flunky to run his errands and take
risks he himself was reluctant to take.

Stephen's presence serves a dual purpose. In addition to
spying on Thrace with an eye to eventually bring about his
downfall, the Tzimisce scout has also managed to insinuate
himself into the fringes of Kuei-jin society. By altering his
features through Vicissitude so that he appears Oriental,
Stephen makes use of his errand-running to gather informa-
tion about the beliefs and practices of the Cathayan vampires.
So far, Stephen has managed to glean some intriguing pieces
of knowledge concerning an impending age of great blood-
shed and terror — uncannily reminiscent of Gehenna. He
hopes he discovers something that is very useful to the
Sabbat in the coming nights.

Stephen's long abstinence from regular participation in
the Vaulderie is weakening his ties to the Sabbat. He won-
ders if the risks he takes are worth the potential payoff.

Image: Stephen is short (5'5") and slim, with dark-
brown hair and eyes. As the "Tremere" Stephen Bateson,
he dresses conservatively and inconspicuously. He
moves so as not to call attention to himself. He behaves

yyy

. 7, 7 Vv VY 7 Y YY VY YY FY Y VY YY oY
60 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

deferentially toward Thrace; usually, Stephen succeeds so
well that he is ignored. His Oriental persona is even shorter
and stockier and dresses like a Hong Kong middle-class,
white-collar worker.

Roleplaying Hints: Sooner or later, your good joss is
going to run out. You have spent some of your time planning
for a quick escape, but you also consider the very real
possibility that you might not survive discovery. Still, the
gamble is exhilarating, and the information you are discov-
ering is potentially explosive.

Haven: Stephen lives in the Tremere Chantry, but he
has a few boltholes scattered throughout Hong Kong and
Kowloon.

Secrets: His biggest secret is his triple life; he also knows
the havens of several Camarilla vampires.

Influence: None. (He is on his own.)

Clan: Tzimisce ("Tremere")

Sire: Rowena Alden

Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Conformist

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1962

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 5
Talents: Acting (impersonations) 5, Alertness 3, Brawl
3, Dodge 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Body Alteration 3, Drive 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms
3, Security 3, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Camarilla Lore 3, Clan Lore (Tremere) 3,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 3

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Obfuscate 1,
Thaumaturgy 3 (Blood 3, Elemental Mastery 2, Lure of
Flames 2, Movement of Mind 2, Spirit Thaumaturgy 1),
Vicissitude 3

Rites: Defense of the Sacred Haven, Communicate with
Kindred Sire, Deflection of Wooden Doom
Backgrounds: Herd 2, Resources 2

Virtues: Callousness 3, Instincts 4, Morale 3

Path of Honorable Accord: 5

Willpower: 8

Notes: Stephen conceals most of his Abilities and
Disciplines from Thrace.

CAMILLE T'SIEN, "PEDDER'S CHILDE"

Background: As early as the acquisition of Kowloon
and the New Territories, Pedder realized that the night
would come when Hong Kong slipped from the grasp of the
Camarilla. He set about implementing a plan to keep his
hand in the pie, cultivating the perfect "sleeper" to act as his
spy even after he could no longer take an active part in Asian

Ay

, w+ aS se se ee eee ee eee Oe Oe eh

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

61


ye

\

N

.,

\

\\
=
hy A

sal

A _ds_A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A

politics. He found his ideal in Camille T'sien, a lovely
Eurasian byblow of an illicit tryst between a Cantonese artist
and the wife of a bored French diplomat.

Pedder discovered Camille when she was 18, seduced
her, Dominated her and arranged to have her mother's
husband (the diplomat) sent back to France. The Tai-pan
then had her natural father eliminated, which forced Camille
to rely solely on her mysterious suitor for all her needs. He
introduced Camille to the Eurasian community and made
certain that she received training as a "hostess." Then he
Embraced her, Blood Bound her and put her to work for him.

With Pedder's secret backing, Camille soon became one
of the most sought-after "entertainers" in Hong Kong; her
upper-crust patrons were a virtual Who's Who of British and
Chinese power-brokers, politicians and culture mavens. She
became adept at ferreting out secrets from these influential
men and reporting what she had learned to her sire. Through
the next decades, Pedder and his protégé planned for his
ultimate departure and her insinuation into a position where
she could act as his spy.

Camille has remained in Hong Kong, acting as both
Pedder's and the Camarilla's agent, with the express purpose
of discovering the plans of the Eastern vampires and deter-
mining whether they pose a threat to the Kindred of the
West. In particular, she has received instructions to learn all
she can about the "Sixth Age" predicted by many of the Kuei-
jin. As a Eurasian with Chinese physical features, Camille is
less noticeable as "Western" in her appearance than most
Kindred; she hopes that this acts as camouflage, preventing
immediate detection, while she learns what she needs to
know to pass as one of the Kuei-jin.

Image: Camille stands a petite 4'11". She wears her long
black hair in intricate styles to complement her clothing,
which is always elegant. Her delicate features blend Chinese
and European characteristics, though her father's blood
predominates. Her dark, almond-shaped eyes sparkle with a
keen wit. Graceful in her every movement, she combines a
youthful innocence with an unmistakable sexual allure.

Roleplaying Hints: You understand your duty to please
your sire and act as his agent in the very important task that
has been assigned to you. Your training as a hostess has given
you a keen insight into what motivates mortals, and you feel
confident that you can apply this knowledge to the mainland
Chinese who have come to occupy your home. The Kuei-jin,
however, frighten you. You have had little direct contact
with them — to your knowledge, they don't know that you
exist. Pedder has been careful to keep you under wraps with
regard to Kindred and Kuei-jin society. (At least you hope
so.) You do not believe that the monstrous vampires of the
East would take kindly to you if they discovered you or your
purpose.

Haven: Camille has several havens, including a very
private one on the south side of the island. Her primary
haven is in the Central District.

Secrets: Camille's existence as undead is her greatest
secret; she has been kept out of Kindred society to conceal
the fact that she exists.

Influence: Her influence among the mortal community
extends through all levels of political, financial and cultural
power.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Robert Pedder

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1922 (born 1898)

Apparent Age: 24

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 1, Leadership 1, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 1, Melee 3,
Performance (hostess) 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 3, Finances 2, Linguistics 3,
Occult 1, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Dominate 4,
Obfuscate 2, Presence 4, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Mentor (Pedder) 3,
Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 3
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 8

GWENDOLYN FLEMING, "PATRON OF THE ARTS"

Background: Gwendolyn Fleming studied music at a
time when such pursuits were considered fripperies in women.
Gwendolyn, however, had ambitions of becoming a com-
poser and performer of classical music. As a member of
Edinburgh's upper class, Gwendolyn attended concerts and
other cultural events with her parents. She basked in the
strains of Haydn and Scarlatti and became even more deter-
mined to excel in her chosen field of study.

As Gwendolyn aged, she attracted the attention of a
noble suitor, one Malcolm McCluan, Lord Blackloch. The
mysterious nobleman exercised a magnetic control over
Gwendolyn, although she bespelled him as well; he spent
entire evenings listening to Gwendolyn demonstrate her
remarkable musical talent on harpsichord and piano.
McCluan asked her on the final evening of his sojourn if she
wanted recognition and appreciation for her genius, telling
her that it meant leaving behind her former notions of

, as a Se oe Oe ae ee Oe Oe ee ee

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A_4 A iA A_A A A _A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A_A

respectability. Gwendolyn did not hesitate and accepted
McCluan's Embrace and, with it, her introduction to Kin-
dred — and Toreador — society.

Together they traveled extensively throughout England
and the continent for the next century, and they even
crossed the ocean to America in pursuit of new forms of

culture, especially music. The East called

to them, however, and sire and

progeny traveled to Hong Kong

in 1901, where Malcolm had clan
connections.

Although Malcolm hated
the city and found little in it to

appeal to him, Gwendolyn
found herself enraptured
by Hong Kong's vitality.
The strangeness of Chi-
nese culture fascinated
her and she was deter-
mined to understand
its music and opera.
When Malcolm
announced that
he had _ had
enough of the
"barbarous Far East,"
Gwendolyn informed her
sire that she intended to stay.

The split was amicable,
though fraught with sadness.
Malcolm returned to Europe,
while Gwendolyn set about es-
tablishing herself as one of the
lionesses of Hong Kong's cul-
tural community. Her

discovery and patronage of tal-
ented young artists and
musicians, both Chinese and
European, helped build
Hong Kong's prestige as a
center for the arts.
With the count-
down to the Chinese
takeover, the city's
Toreador packed up
and dispersed, with
the exception of
Gwendolyn. She
remained, as she
saw herself as
the last bas-
tion of
Western

Az

culture in Hong Kong. It is her fondest hope that, by
penetrating the enigma that surrounds Chinese culture, she
may encourage a unique blend of Eastern and Western music
and art.

Image: Gwendolyn is a slender, breathtakingly beauti-
ful young woman, apparently in her early 20s. She dresses in
the latest fashions from Europe, though she has developed a
taste for Asian jewelry (particularly jade) and often wears
jade earrings or bangles. Lustrous curls of chestnut-colored
hair frame her heart-shaped face and draw attention to her
pale-green eyes. Her presence in a room always commands
attention.

Roleplaying Hints: There is still so much about the
city's native music and culture that you do not understand;
no mere political fluctuation deters you from fathoming the
intricacies of the Chinese opera and the oddities of Asian
musical composition. You intend to bide your time during
the first frenzied reassertion of Chinese rule and then make
your presence known to the Cathayan community; you are
certain that they sense your sincerity and accept your desire
to further your musical education.

Haven: Gwendolyn has a lavish mansion on the Peak,
with a concert hall and theater attached. Here, she shows off
her latest discoveries and stages evening entertainment for
the cultural elite. Her resting place lies below the mansion in
an elaborate crypt cut deep into the mountainside.

Secrets: None.

Influence: Until the change, Gwendolyn enjoyed great
influence within the cultural communities of both Kindred
and kine.

Clan: Toreador

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Sire: Malcolm McCluan

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1758 (born 1735)

Apparent Age: 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 1

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 5, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Music
(piano) 5

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Computer 1, Finance 3,
Linguistics 3, Occult 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Celerity 3, Fortitude 2, Presence
4, Protean 3

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 5,
Retainers 3, Status 3

Humanity: 8

Willpower: 7

ie ll i Mi a, i a a cal ee, cl a a ce a

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

¥

ee


A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

NV iz

—————
7
|

wally

CLIVE COOPER, "LORD OF THE SUBWAYS"

Background: Embraced as part of an elaborate scheme
by London's Nosferatu to take advantage of the London war
between the Tremere and the Ventrue, Cooper has always
been in the thick of plots, intrigues and power struggles. He
was forced to flee London when his sire fell victim to a Blood
Hunt; he sought anonymity in the slums, back alleys, sewers

and subway tunnels of Hong Kong.

| During the course of the decade-long trek that brought
him halfway around the world, Cooper learned enough about
his clan and the legendary enmity of its Founder to scare him
silly. At first, he believed that losing himself in Hong Kong
protected him not only from his enemies back in London
(after more than 30 years in the city, he never presented
himself to Pedder), but also from the threat of the Nictuku.
| Exploring the vast underground of Hong Kong is noth-
ing new to Cooper; the subway system is second nature to
him and he spends most of his time below the surface of the
| colony, riding the trains or snaking his way through the
tunnel walkways. He acquires a formidable amount of infor-
mation here, which he then barters for favors among the
| other shen of Hong Kong. Cooper has befriended one of the

|

Nezumi, another subway aficionado, and has a passing ac-
quaintance with the city's heimin.
From his Kuei-jin contacts, Cooper has
come to believe that the Cathayan vam-
pires may know secrets that will enable him
to fight the Nictuku, should any ever sur-
face in his vicinity. He is desperate to know
more. Cooper suspects that something im-
portant is taking place with the
transfer of power and sees
this as his chance to pro-
I tect himself from his
: enemies and to garner se-
crets and knowledge from this
unique position. Cooper wel-
comes the new era in Hong
Kong, unlike the other
Kindred (both those who
| fled and those who re-
|

main). Only time will tell if
he has made a serious miscal-
culation.

Image: Cooper's monstrous appearance serves
him in good stead in Hong Kong; he resembles nothing
so much as a chih-meh, with his corpselike pallor and
desiccated features. His eyes constantly ooze a green-

| ish-yellow pus, while his skin has completely
disappeared in many places — exposing the
| bone and stringy musculature beneath. He

wears a skeleton T-shirt frequently, as well as torn jeans and
expensive running shoes (in case he needs them).

Roleplaying Hints: You believe that by remaining
outside the province of the Western clans, you can escape
destruction by the Nictuku. Unlike many of the other Kin-
dred, you firmly believe that Gehenna is just around the
corner; you hope, though, that it will not come to Asia. Still,
you have to be careful that someone hasn't followed you,
from London, New York, Atlanta, San Francisco or any of
the other places you've been. "Trust no one" is your motto
(well, maybe the Nezumi you rescued...).

Haven: Cooper frequents numerous maintenance tun-
nels along the MTR.

Secrets: He has discovered the crypts of many of the
newly arrived Kuei-jin. He is still deciding what to do with
the information.

Influence: Cooper is an unknown among mortals, al-
though he does hold some sway over the employees of the
MTR.

Clan: Nosferatu
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Loner
Sire: John Bullock
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1884
Apparent Age: ??
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3,
Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence
3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl
3, Dodge 3, Streetwise 5
Skills: Firearms 1, Melee 2,
Stealth 5, Survival 4
Knowledges: Computer 1,
Finance 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 3,
Auspex 1, Obfuscate 4,
Potence 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-
Control 3, Courage 3
Humanity: 6
Willpower: 6

,vvwwyewvTrwearelTrlrlCrwThOrr ahr YOU

an HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_—_A_A

CREATURES OF THE YANG WORLD

Hong Kong hosts a variety of shen affiliated with the
Yang World. Hengeyokai (shapeshifters) of many kinds
make their homes on the island, across the harbor in Kowloon
and in the New Territories. Hong Kong is a city of unquench-
able dreams, and the embodiments of these hopes — the
spirit folk of dreams — gather to harvest the Chi generated
by the region's multitude of dreamers.

HENGEYORAL (THE CHANGING BREEDS)

Hong Kong's hengeyokai include all manner of
shapeshifters, among them wolf-people, tiger-children,
Middle Dragons, and rat-folk. Some, like the wolf-people,
have organized themselves into groups dedicated to a com-
mon purpose. Others prefer a looser structure, content to let
joss dictate their connections with others of their kind.

SEPT OF THE COUNCIL FOR UNIVERSAL TRADE

Located in a secret caern within the grounds of the
Hong Kong Zoo, this sept has its origins in the earliest
settlement of Hong Kong. Dedicated to fostering ecologi-
cally minded technological progress and prosperity, the
Council for Universal Trade comprises several tribes of
wolf-folk under the leadership of the Glass Walkers. A
more complete description of this caern and its
members can be found in Caerns: Places of
Power.

JO WU, "LIMITLESS HARD-DRIVE"

Background: Born in Hong Kong,
Jo Wu quickly made a name for herself
in the business community. Her inter-
est in promoting environmentally
friendly power won her the respect of - +
the local Glass Walkers and led to her
assumption of the position of Sept
Leader.

During her tenure as leader, Jo Wu
has encouraged the harmonious growth
of business, investing in and spear-
heading new technologies that have as
their foundation the wise husbanding
of natural resources and the preservation of
balance.

Jo Wu has recently come under criticism for her
cautious endorsement and support for Hong Kong's re-
union with China. Her critics predict that the demands
of the over-stressed Chinese economy will drain the
resources of Hong Kong, thus forcing a decline in both
the economy and the environment.

Wu argues that a sick land can be healed only from
within and through holistic means rather than radical sur-
gery. She sees the vitality of Hong Kong's economy and the
efforts of the Council for Universal Trade as essential to the
good health of the Middle Kingdom.

Image: Jo Wu sports the dress and manners of a Western
corporate executive. She dresses conservatively, in power
suits and tasteful jewelry, and projects an aura of assertive
self-confidence. She ignores the inherent bias against women
: in business that still ex-
ists in Hong Kong and,

by sheer force of will,
inspires the respect of

i i a a i i a, a l,l, al

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

6

"
oH
ou

ve


% ih

Z

A_A_A A _A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A__A__A__A_A_A

Roleplaying Hints: You strive for balance and calm
within your personal life as well as in your business dealings,
uniting in your person the energy of the West with the
tranquillity of the East. As one of the shen, you also try to
balance your spirit-self with your flesh-being. You believe
that the underlying principles of the Council for Universal
Trade should take root in China first, and then throughout
the Middle Kingdom.

Home: When she is not at the caern, Wu resides in her
penthouse apartment in Hong Kong's Central District.

Secrets: Jo Wu has an obscene amount of money depos-
ited in accounts throughout the world, forming a financial
safety valve for herself and her sept in the event that her
assessment of Hong Kong proves erroneous.

Influence: Among the wolf-people and many other
hengeyokai, Jo Wu bears a formidable reputation; her influ-
ence over the business community is considerable, particularly
in the fields of energy resources and low-impact technology.
Position: Sept Leader, Council for Universal Trade
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Glass Walkers
Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Alpha
Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 2 (4/5/5/5)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5 (4/2/2/2),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Expression 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3,

Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Leadership 5, Melee 3,
Performance 4, Repair 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 1,
Law 4, Linguistics (English) 1, Medicine 2, Politics
(global trade) 4, Rituals 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 3, Pack
Totem 5 (the Smiling Happy Buddha), Resources 5
Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Scent of True Form, Smell of Man,
Truth of Gaia; (2) Jam

Technology, Strength of Purpose; (3) Cybersense,
Tongues, Wisdom of the Ancient Ways; (4) Scent from
Beyond; (5) Geas, Summon Netspiders

Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Willpower 10

Rank: 5

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of the Opened Caern, Moot
Rite, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Wounding
Fetishes: Coin of Wealth, Dream Trap, Loon's Refund
Merit: Corporation CEO

WU TONG, "IRON GHOST"

Background: A native of mainland China, Wu Yong
became active in the local smuggling trade and black
marketeering. When his true nature emerged, he was ac-
cepted into the ranks of the Iron Brotherhood, which is a
group of Glass Walkers and Kinfolk dedicated to the ad-
vancement of Asian trade. Relocating to Hong Kong, Wu
Yong rose in the Brotherhood, and assumed a position as
Guardian in the allied Sept of the Council for Universal
Trade.

His ties to the criminal underworld of Hong Kong bring
a gritty worldliness to the idealism of the sept. He under-
stands that the way things should be is not always the same
as the way things must be done, and he takes upon himself the
duty of undertaking the "dirty work" of the sept.

Asa firm believer in Asian supremacy in Asia, Wu Yong
supports China's reacquisition of Hong Kong. He would like
to see Western influence phased out and eliminated entirely,
although he does concede that the territory profited im-
mensely from its association with European-based economics
and American investments. That time, however, is past;
Asia, spearheaded by Hong Kong, must take its own place in
the world community, without the patronage of or exploita-
tion by Western countries.

Image: Yong is a small, slender man in his human form.
His outward gentleness and calmness of spirit belie his
swiftness to anger in the face of injustice and oppression. He
can go from one aspect of his personality to the other in a
heartbeat.

Roleplaying Hints: Carry yourself with honor, no mat-
ter what the situation. Never allow yourself to lose control,
even when you surrender to your spirit-frenzies. You are an
extremely private person, even by Hong Kong standards.

Home: Wu Yong spends most of his time within the
confines of the caern, though he shares an apartment in
Wanchai with members of the Iron Brotherhood.

Secrets: Yong's ties to triads and other illicit elements
of society provide him with a great deal of clandestine
information, such as where to launder money and procure
contraband items (such as firearms).

Influence: He has connections with both the Iron
Brotherhood and numerous illegal business organizations.
Position: Guardian
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Tribe: Glass Walkers
Nature/Demeanor: Director/Autist
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

a

eo "VY VY VY YY oY oP oY oY ol

66 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A _&4 A _A_A_A_A__A __A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Primal-Urge 4, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Disguise 2, Drive 3, Fast-Draw 4, Firearms 5,
Instruction 3, Kalindo 2, Leadership 4, Repair 2, Stealth
1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 2,
Law 1, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 1, Politics 3,
Rituals 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Kinfolk 5, Resources
3

Gifts: (1) Control Simple Machines, Mother's Touch,
Persuasion, Smell of Man; (2) Heat Metal, Jam
Technology, Power Surge, Staredown; (3)

Control Complex Machines, Disquiet;
(4) Corner Shot, Doppelganger

Rage 2, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9

Rank: 4

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Cleansing, Ritual of

the Questing Stone, Rite of Talisman Dedication,

Gathering for the Departed, Rite of Binding, Rite of

Wounding, Rite of Spirit Awakening, Ritual of

Summoning, Rite of Passage, Rite of Ostracism, Stone of

Scorn, Rite of the Totem

Fetishes: Dream Trap, Sands of Sleep, Death Door, Fire-

Elemental Bullets (Gnosis 5; ifa
successful firearms hit is scored,

= roll activation. If successful,
the round bursts into
flames upon impact,
inflicting three dice of
aggravated damage. Wu
Yong has five of these
bullets. )
Merits/Flaws: Underworld
Ties, Ambidextrous/
Intolerance (injustice)

OTHER WOLF-PEOPLE

THAN XUE(FAR-SEERING SCHOLAR)

Background: A native of Pui O Village on the island of
Lantau, Zhan Xue spends most of his time wandering through
Hong Kong and searching for the origin of the strange Chi-
currents he feels moving through the spirit worlds. Whether
these energies indicate the reemergence of the Flame Court,
orare side effects of the dragons' stirring near Hong Kong and
Kowloon, or simply delineate the passing of the Ages as the
Great Cycle presses relentlessly onward, Zhan Xue does not
know.

Posing as a traveling student, teacher, entertainer or
mendicant, Xue makes friends quickly with the local shen
— sharing his observations with them and soliciting their
own evaluations and insights on the powerful doings in
the spirit worlds. While he does not seek the company
of other wolf-people actively, Xue never turns down
the opportunity to visit the caerns that lace the wild
places of the Hong Kong region. He is a welcome,
though infrequent, visitor to the Council for
Universal Trade and has spent many happy
hours roaming the slums of Mongkok and
Wanchai with local Bone Gnawers. When
Xue returns to Lantau, he sometimes visits
with Nian Shun, the Ageless One, whose
nature he discovered and whom he considers
to be a font of knowledge.

y

ii Ci i a i. i i a a a. el i ee a a i ae

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

"
"
su
yy

— ke
6

h =

SS

||

"

ON

eR.

GF

Za

_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A

Using his keen sense of humor to disarm potentially
hostile individuals, Xue seems blessed with good joss. He
travels safely in areas and among groups that are avoided by
more cautious individuals.

Image: Zhan Xue usually dresses in clothes appropriate
for hiking through the wilderness, alternating between West-
ern gear and the loose-fitting garments of a traveling monk.
His long, straight hair is tied at the neck with a leather cord
or held away from his face with a cloth band. He carries
a staff, which serves as both walking tool and weapon.

Roleplaying Hints: You search for omens not
only in the stars but in the ground beneath your feet,

the movements of the rivers and the wind's passage ¢ |

across the land. Something momentous is aboutto J
happen, and you wish to understand it even if you 4
cannot — or should not — affect it. You disguise i:
your earnest search for knowledge beneath a ve- 4
neer of clownish behavior. Those who greet you m

violence.

fj
4

i

len fprorte Bsr

ae
;

*U
ant

first with laughter seldom meet you later with } y,

Home: Xue has no fixed abode, though he feels most at
home on the island of Lantau.
Secrets: He knows of the existence of Lantau's most
ancient resident, Nian Shun, the Immortal One.
Influence: Zhan Xue has little direct influence over
anyone, but the Spirit Courts of both Yin and Yang seem to
smile on him (and anyone currently associated with him)
more often than not.
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Galliard
Tribe: Stargazers
Nature/Demeanor: Visionary/Jester
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7)
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 3, Primal-
Urge 4
Skills: Crafts (origami) 2, Etiquette 1, Melee 4,
Kalindo 4, Performance (poetry) 3, Portents 3, Stealth
4
Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Investigation 2, Linguistics 2,
Occult 4, Rituals 3
Backgrounds: Contacts (Nian Shun) 1, Past Life 2
Gifts: (1) Balance, Beast Speech, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm (2) Dreamspeak, Inner Strength, Staredown,
Surface Attunement (3) Clarity, Eye of the Cobra,
Merciful Blow
Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7
Rank: 3
Rites: Rite of Cleansing, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Summoning
Fetishes: None.

CHIKA MASATO (COMING OF JUSTICE)

Background: Son of a distinguished Japanese military
family, Masato felt the blood of generations of warriors
flowing through his veins from boyhood. With the revela-
tion of his Hakken lineage came the desire to serve as the
virtuous weapon of the Lord of Thunder. Filled with heroic
ambitions, Masato led his pack of brash young Hakken in
search of deeds to bring honor upon themselves and to
cleanse Japan of its spiritual taint.

One of the pack's exploits led Masato and his friends
deep into the Yang World where they fought against a host
of Banes and drove the evil spirits to retreat, and then
pursued them along a twisted, blighted dragon line. Too late,
Masato realized that their enemies had led them into a trap,
for they stood just outside the hideously warped and spectral
ruins of Nagasaki. Here the Banes made their stand, drawing
strength from the poisoned Chi endemic to the region.

i a i aa a a aa a, al ee, a, a lf

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


——————— amma aaaaa iiaa R aaI

A__A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A r= &

Masato has tracked Tanijiro to Hong Kong. Con-
cerned that his one-time friend plans to cause some
great trouble in this political tinderbox, he is |
Bb\ anxious to locate and stop him. He has
SS AK : ee N \ 3 heard rumors that the corrupted Hakken
a ee SS La seeks an ancient, cursed samurai blade, |
) SS : a a. : ?, wy RE V4 undoubtedly for a malevolent and
— : e ‘i a . _ ' * Nee destructive purpose.
Image: At 5'10", Masato is |
taller than most Japanese men.
He is slim and well-muscled,
and in superb condition from his
constant attention to martial dis-
ciplines. He dresses in conservative,
unostentatious clothing, preferring not to
call attention to himself unless he wants to. His hair is |
cut short, which emphasizes his harsh, angular
features. He projects an air of cold superiority, |
despite his respectful behavior. |
Roleplaying Hints: Your youthful fool-
ishness cost you not only the lives of your |
|

packmates and your standing within your
Hakken tribe, but also the soul of your closest
friend. It is up to you to atone for your shame by
finding and thwarting the schemes of Tanijiro.
Nothing will stop you.

Home: Masato stays in one of the pricey
hotels in Central District currently, though he
spends a great deal of time amid the island's

Aw Gcw-eh, G7, Wilderness preserves.
‘ Secrets: His disgrace is his biggest secret.
Sure of their deaths, the Rallantbes Nene:
Hakken fought fearlessly and desperately, managing to rout —_ position: Ronin
their foes. At the end of the battle, only Masato and one Based: Homid
other packmate, Kintaro Tanijiro, remained. The pair re- Auspice: Ahroun
turned to their Sept Leader and recounted the deeds of their Tribe: Hakken (Japanese Shadow Lord)

battle. Their bravery was recognized, as was their lack of  Nature/Demeanor: Autist/Traditionalist

wisdom and foresight. Both men were pronounced ronin Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
since they had proved themselves unworthy of bringing Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

unqualified victory to the Hakken and equally incapable of — ggcial: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), |
dying alongside their comrades. Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3)
The two outcasts traveled together for several months, — Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3 |
until Masato began to notice the growing bouts of strange- Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Expression (haiku) 2,
ness that afflicted Tanijiro. Finally, his companion — [ntimidation3, Primal-Urge 2 |
disappeared, and Masato feared that Tanijirohad succumbed — §kills: Crafts (swordsmith) 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
to Harano, the lingering despair that afflicted many of the Leadership 3, Martial Arts 4, Melee (katana) 4, Stealth 2 |
wolf-people. Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics 3,
| Masato has learned recently that Tanijiro still lives, but Occult 2, Rituals 2
that he has found another master. Instead of serving Grand- Backgrounds: Past Life 2, Pure Breed 2, Resources 4
father Thunder, he has given his loyalty to the Kuei-jin Lord Gifts: (1) Fatal Flaw, Inspiration, Persuasion, Razor
Hakari. Masato has taken upon himself the duty of finding | Claws (2) Clap of Thunder, Sense Silver, Spirit of the
his former packmate and slaying him, thus freeing his spirit Fray, Staredown, True Fear (3) Heart of Fury, Silver

| from its foul bondage. Claws
e
i A. aa we! a. i cae aaa, Sie, ae ee Aaa SM, fie, fee, cae coe. Saas =
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN 69

Wa

A_A_A A A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A_

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 8

Rank: none (formerly 3)

Rites: Rite of Contrition, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Rite of Wounding

Fetishes: None.

THE KHAN (BASTET)

The great tigers that once roamed China and Asia are
nearly extinct. Nevertheless, their spirit-kin, the Khan tribe
of the Bastet, still exist as protectors of their decreasing
Kinfolk, both human and animal.

LING CHU (CLEVER STONE), "SECRET AGENT"

Background: Fearless pursuer of justice, tireless avenger
of crimes, swift punisher of the wicked, and bumbling seducer
career as a member of Hong Kong's police force covers his
true identity as an Interpol agent — not to mention his
Khan.
Over the years, Chu has built a reputation
unorthodox methods of bringing in his prey.
His superiors have turned a
adhere to proper protocol; "=
they can find no convincing
incrimefighting. Even his supposed
association with the Japanese
(see Bastet) has received no
censure from the
Hong Kong police.
But all that may
new regime already estab-
lished in Hong Kong, Chu
continue to act in an official capac-
ity as a policeman. China's dubious
Tiananmen Square) concerns him, since he
cannot countenance such blatant disregard for

of beautiful women — Ling Chu is all this and more. His
membership in the tribe of weretigers, also known as the
for his legendary feats of policemanship and

blind eye to Chu's failure to

arguments against his success rate ~S

Yakuza warlord Tiger Toranaga

official brass of the

change soon. With the

must reconsider whether he can

sense of justice (as exemplified by

human rights and individual freedom of expression.

Chu's Interpol bosses urge him to remain at his post
for as long as possible and provide them with an insider's
view of Hong Kong, China. His Khan instincts tell him that
the coming days will test his self-control and, quite possibly,
reveal his feline nature to the world. Still, Hong Kong is his

home; its people are his to protect. No Khan, however
desperate or besieged, would ever suffer the shame of backing
away from a challenge.

Image: Rakishly good-looking, with his dark hair worn
as long as regulation permits, Ling Chu carries himself with
anatural, "catlike" grace. His body is lean and muscular, with
broad shoulders, long legs and powerful arms. He dresses in
police uniform when necessary — and in comfortable, loose-
fitting clothing whenever possible.

Roleplaying Hints: Your friendliness and affability hide
your hair-trigger temper. Remember where you are at all
times so that you don't embarrass yourself (or hurt others) by
giving in to your anger at the wrong time. Though you usually
succeed in acting like a suave man of the world, everything
falls apart when you are around a beautiful woman, trans-
forming you into a graceless, babbling fool. Such failures
never stop you from trying, however. One day, you might
succeed.

Home: Ling Chu resides in a small apartment in North
Point.

Secrets: He is a repository of secrets, including his

membership in Interpol, his Khan nature, and Tiger
Toranaga's cell-phone number. He also knows how to
get in touch with Gao Kui, who is a Khan that lives
across the bay in the New Territories.
Influence: Among Hong Kong's law-enforce-
ment agencies, Ling Chu's influence is widespread.
Breed: Homid
Pryio: Twilight
Tribe: Khan

Nature/Demeanor: Competitor/
Gallant
Physical: Strength 4 (6/7/8/

6), Dexterity 5 (6/7/7/7),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8)
Social: Charisma 3,
Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/
0), Appearance 4 (3/0/

Mental: Perception
4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4,
Athletics 4, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge
3, Streetwise 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2,
Drive 4, Escapology 3,
Fast-Draw 2,
Firearms 4,

Mijas G7

wegen ea Oe Oe Oe Oe

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


_A_A_A __A_A_A__A_A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Leadership 3, Martial Arts
5, Melee 3, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Area
Knowledge (Hong
Kong)5,Computerl, g& > ~ ie
Enigmas 2,
Investigation 4, Law
3, Linguistics 2,
Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Allies
3, Contacts 3,
Resources 2, Rites 3
Gifts: (1) Cat Claws, Catfeet,

Command Attention, Lick Wounds, Razor Claws, Silent
Stalking, Skin of Jade (2) Cat Sight, First Slash, Heart of
Fury, Jam Technology, Ricepaper Walk, Sense of the
Prey, Shriek (3) Caper, Cat Fear, Gift of Rage, Ignore
Pain, Paws of the Raging Spirit Tiger, Righteous Gaze
Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8

Rank: 3

Rites: Dedication Rite, Rite of Contrition, Speaking of
the Name, Rite of Recognition, Rite of Cleansing

Notes: More information on Ling Chu is available in
Bastet.

ae ps)

GAO KUL (TALL SUNFLOWER)

Background: Born in a small village north of Kowloon,
in the New Territories, Gao Kui stood out among the local
children. A full head taller than even the tallest boys in her

Be) Ape a od

age group, she excelled at physical activities and considered
training as a professional athlete. Remote places and wilder-
ness regions also called to her, though. Gao Kui cajoled her
family as often as possible to take her on weekend outings,
where she dreamed of the days when the whole world was
unspoiled by the ravages of human endeavors.

When she experienced her first transformation and
learned that she belonged to the tribe of the Tiger, the
Khan, she gave up on the thought of athletic awards and
threw herself wholly into her new life. While attempting
to maintain her place in her human family was difficult,
Gao Kui bided her time until

she could strike out on her

.

E- = "Ny own. Then she joyfully an-
swered the call of the
Asif wilderness and of her true

: ~— qi nature.

Gao Kui works as a
nature guide and park em-
ployee at the Kam Shan

Country Park north of

Kowloon. A few careless hikers

have "gone missing" due to her culling of

the mortal population. Her nurturing side

emerges when she encounters lost children,

thus guiding them to safety with a warning to learn the ways
of nature before trusting themselves to its mercies.

Gao Kui travels throughout the Hong Kong district
when she can, sampling its natural beauty while it still has
some. She is dubious about the new regime's concern for the
serenity of nature. Kui cooperates occasionally with Ling
Chu, but the two Khan usually maintain a respectful distance
from one another.

Image: Gao Kui is 5'10", a giant by Chinese standards,
but her natural grace and poise prevent her from looking
awkward or gawky. In her early 20s, she wears her black hair
cut short to keep it out of her way. She dresses in clothes
suitable for her job as a park employee — either her uniform
or in comfortable hiking clothes.

Roleplaying Hints: What wilderness remains in Hong
Kong and the New Territories needs protecting. You do this
in two ways — by educating those who are willing to learn
and by eliminating those who aren't. Your usual cheerful
disposition can erupt into violent rage at a moment's notice.

Home: Gao Kui has an apartment in Kowloon, but she
spends as much time as she can in the park, where her Den-
Realm is located.

Secrets: She has some contact with the fire-spirit, Yao
Lie, who also visits the park to replenish his Chi.

Influence: Gao Kui has some influence among wilder-
ness-protection groups and park-management authorities.
Her good relations with Yao Lie help her in the spirit worlds.

a*

‘TT TT, TT. YY vr. VT. SS

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

91

A_d4_A A A A _A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A

Breed: Homid

Pryio: Daylight

Tribe: Khan

Nature/Demeanor: Predator/Director
Physical: Strength 3 (5/6/7/6), Dexterity 4 (5/6/6/7),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),
Appearance 3 (2/0/0/3)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 3

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 3,
Repair 1, Stealth 4, Survival (wilderness) 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Law 1, Linguistics 2,
Medicine 2, Occult 1, Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Resources 2, Rites 1
Gifts: (1) Banish Sickness, Dowsing, Lick
Wounds, Open Seal, Pathfinder's Pride,
Razor Claws, Silent Stalking (2) Call

Spirits, Cat Sight, Sense of the Prey, Shriek,
Touch the Mind

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rank: 2

Rites: Dedication Rite, Rite of Cleansing

THE ZHONG LUNG (MIDDLE
DRAGONS)

The ancient dragons have long since fallen to
the weight of the Ages. Even now, their slumbering
forms rest beneath the earth — in the process, some
say, forming the very substance of the land. Their
children, the great reptiles or crocodile-people,
remain active in the world and keep alive the
memories of the past Ages until the time when
their great sires awaken once again.

DONG TAO (MASTER OF THE CRASHING WAVES)

Background: Dong Tao has lived all his life on
the water, among his Kin-
folk, the Tanka boat
people, who consider
hima living repository
of history and leg-
ends. Now nearing
the end of his life, «9
Dong Tao spends g
most of his time in a
deep, preservative
sleep, waking only
occasionally to keep

an eye on his human family and to check his brood of new
grandchildren for signs that one of them might have the
blood of dragons.

In his youth, Tao led the fishermen of his extended
family on many expeditions into the open sea, where their
catch was always plentiful. Now, his years prevent him from
such prolonged outings, though he sometimes accompanies
his eldest grandson on short trips just to keep his hand in.

As one of the Zhong Lung, Dong Tao bears within him
a prodigious ancestral memory (see Mnesis, below). Many of

the local shen consult him from time to time on

matters concerning the coming changes.
Tao senses in his bones the creaking of
the Great Wheelas it read-
ies itself for another turn.
Tao's goal is to live long
enough to witness the passing of

the Ages.

On the day Hong Kong
reverted to Chinese control,
Tao's third granddaughter

bore a son who seems to
bear the marks of one of
the Zhong Lung. This
child, named Chao (tides),
has become Tao's most pre-
cious possession, for he sees in
him his legacy made real, his spirit
renewed.
Rumors that the new govern-
ment is preparing to force the Tanka
people from their floating homes con-
cern .Dong Tao greatly. Some believe
that the new administration means to
assimilate the Tanka into the land popu-
lation; others predict more sinister
plans. Tao cradles his great-grandson
and sings to him of his mighty ances-
tors, who even now stir uneasily in
their sleep beneath the island of Hong
Kong and neighboring Kowloon.
Image: Despite his silver hair and
cloudy eyes, Dong Tao still projects an im-
age of great physical strength; his bones
ache, but his physique has not yet

failed him despite at least a
century of existence. Tao
wears the customary clothes,

dark and loose-fitting, of
his Tanka Kinfolk. His
Suchid (reptilian) form is
that of a large crocodile,

e

yew rYo@v ry + iTY cy eY oF Te

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A_A__A_A_A _A_A_A__A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

AS

—
Z

S

while his Archid (Crinos) form resembles nothing so much
as one of the dragons of legend.

Roleplaying Hints: Watch and wait; hear the Great
Wheel turn. Share your stories with any who ask, so that the
legends will not be forgotten and that their lessons may
instruct the young ones in the coming hard times. Protect
your great-grandson with your life, if necessary. Should
anything happen to him, your Rage will know no bounds.

Home: Dong Tao lives aboard the sampan of his grand-
daughter and her husband in Aberdeen Harbor. This
proximity allows him to be close to his "heir."

Secrets: Tao has been in Hong Kong for a century; a
flurry of information has been passed to him through his
Kinfolk. Coupled with his ancestral memories, it gives him
the potential to know almost anything (Storyteller's deci-
sion).

Influence: His family, numbering in the hundreds,
respects him as their elder. Many of the shen look up to him
as well, as they honor him for his long life, memories, and
connection to the "backbones of the world."

Breed: Homid

Aspect: "The Shining" (Midnight Sun)

Age: at least acentury, maybe more

Nature/Demeanor: Visionary/Visionary

Physical: Strength 5 (9/7), Dexterity 3 (2/2), Stamina 5
(9/8)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2 (0/0), Appearance 3
(0/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Primal-Urge 5, Swimming 5

Skills: Animal Ken (crocodiles) 4, Boating 5, Etiquette
(Tanka) 4, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Performance
(storytelling) 5, Stealth 3, Survival 5

Knowledges: Enigmas 4, Linguistics 2, Occult 4, Rituals
5

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Mnesis 5*

*This ability allows access to the ancestral memories of
the Dragon Kings. Tao's high score enables him to
"recall" events relevant to his species as far back as
the Second Age.

Gifts: (1) Bellow, Talk, Cooking, Resist Pain (2)
Become Log, Clap of Thunder, Tame Sunbeam,

(3) Clear Mind, Dragon's Breath, Eyes of the

Cobra (4) Hot Ichor, Infest (5) Song of the Great
Beast, Sleep of the Dragon*, Walking Between
Worlds

*This Gift allows Dong Tao to place himself ina
state of limited hibernation, during which he does
not age. Physical harm or excessive motion may
end the sleep prematurely, but otherwise, the
Sleeper remains dormant until the conditions for his
Awakening (set when the Gift is invoked) are fulfilled.

Rank: 5

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Archid Characteristics: Armor (dragonlike scales, +3
soak), Horn (Str. +3, Head Butt), Huge Size (20'+ in
Archid form), Spikes on Tail (Str. +2, Tail Lash),
Terrible Claws (Str +3 Claw)

SHUL FANG (FRAGRANT SEA)

Background: Also descended from the Dragon Kings,
Shui Fang does not remember her life before her change —
when she lived as acrocodile in the waters surrounding Hong
Kong. She recalls the shock of her sudden transformation
into human form, as well as the flood of memories connect-
ing her to her ancient ancestors.

It is her present, however, that looms most importantly
in Shui Fang's usually placid life. Finding a home among the
Hoklo boat people, she spends her days operating a kaido, the
motorized water taxi that ferries passengers to
and from Kowloon or the main island f
and the other islands in the Hong 4, P
Kong region. hy Vs tn

Although she has no 4 Y eee <i
particular animosity for rH bes
humans, theirclutterand fa"
disregard for the purity "Ne
of the waterways ap-
pall Shui Fang. She
does not dare risk ex-
posing her true
nature by taking di-
rect revenge on
individuals who
knowingly defile the
sea and rivers, but

2 i i, i, i a, a a Bl A

ii 2 Mi Ml a a i
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


A_A _A A _A_A_A_A_A __A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

y
<€

V
{]

RAY

her contacts in the Yang World aid her in visiting punishments
on those she targets as deserving of such.

Shui Fang sometimes travels by herself to one of the
uninhabited islands, where she returns to her natural form
and basks on the rocks, dreaming of a time before her birth.
She intends to mate one day, but only when she can
find a suitable male — preferably a bull
| crocodile. In the meantime, she learns

‘ ‘

all she can about humankind and
seeks to increase her understand-
ing of their place in the Middle
Kingdom.

Image: Shui Fang is an
imposing woman, large-boned
and muscular (though not
obese). She wears the simple
clothing of her adopted Hoklo
community, and conceals her
short, choppy dark hair be-
neath a broad straw hat. Her
face usually appears tranquil. Her
movements are slow and mea-

|
| | sured.
|

We
Y oars

Y
/,

‘

Roleplaying Hints: Ask ques-
tions of the passengers you take from
place to place. That is the only way you can
learn about humans. Rebuke anyone you see
littering the waters; if they refuse to stop, tell
the water-spirits as soon as you can.

Home: Shui Fang lives among the Hoklo
boat people; she also maintains several private
retreats on the small islands around Hong Kong.

df

Secrets: She knows many things about
life among the boat people, though she does
; not always realize the significance of her

information. She also has a phenomenal
knowledge of Hong Kong's outlying islands.

Influence: Her spirit contacts (particu-

larly among water-spirits) are numerous.
Breed: Suchid (crocodile)
| Aspect: "Ward" (The Setting Sun)
Age: 20s
| Nature/Demeanor: Caregiver/Survivor
Physical: Strength 4 (8/6), Dexterity 4 (3/3), Stamina 5 (9/8)
| Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1 (0/0), Appearance 2
(0/2)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidate 3, Swimming 5
Skills: Animal Ken (sea creatures) 4, Drive (kaido) 4,

Stealth 2, Survival (ocean) 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 1, Occult 2, Rites 2,

a &

% =

~—

pst

\@
t

.
2s

Spirit Lore 3

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Mnesis 2, Resources 1

Gifts: (1) Bellow, Razor Claws, Cooking, Resist Pain (2)

Armor of the Tortoise, Become Log, Clap of Thunder

Rank: 2

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Archid Characteristics: Back Sail (+1

soak, rear attacks only), Fins (double
swimming speed), Huge Size (Sta

+1, +2 damage Body Slam),

Water Snorkel

SY

BRIAN ANG, "EARS OF THE
~ RAT"

Background: This wary

child of the Rat-God makes
his home amid the congested
squalor of Mongkok. Eking out

a living as a messenger for the
small businesses (legal and il-

licit) in his neighborhood has kept
him in practice for his real work —

acting as a go-between and message
carrier for Hong Kong's shen.
Born as one of a litter of rats, Brian soon
adjusted to his shapechanging ability, adopting
his new human and ratman forms readily. The
idea of having hands that can actually grasp all the
interesting stuff he has collected never ceases to
amaze him.
The brash young Nezumi knows the sewer and
subway systems of Hong Kong like he knows his own
tail; he can travel between any two points in half the
time it takes anyone else. Brian spends days at a time
underground, coming up only when absolutely nec-
essary to receive or deliver a message, or to indulge
himself in visits to the many topless and karaoke
bars in Mongkok and elsewhere.

A few years ago, during one of his regular "runs,"
Brian crossed paths with a gang of toughs who was using the
sewers as a getaway route. The gang leader spotted Brian
before he could get out of their path. Deciding that the
young, scrawny street kid was one witness too many, the gang
attacked. Although Brian could have taken any one of them
alone, they were too many for him to handle all together.
Praying desperately to the Rat-God of Hopeless Situations,
Brian braced himself for his final battle.

. ",vwww iw
94 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

GQ OQ ———————eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEeEeeeeeeEeEeeeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeeeeeeeeee

"7" ~~ Ys TY ee Oe

A__d&_h4_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Then, the heavens intervened. Seemingly out of no-
where, a misshapen hulk appeared at Brian's side. The
red-eyed, long-taloned demon made short work of the re-
maining toughs, then picked up the badly wounded Brian
and carried him to safety through the sewers. Since that time,
Brian has considered the Kin-jin Clive Cooper one of his few
non-Nezumi friends.

Through his association with Cooper, Brian has learned
much about the gweilo undead and more about the nameless
monsters that his Nosferatu friend fears. He has tried to
reassure Cooper about the coming "Gehenna" by explaining
to him the passing of the Ages, but the inevitability of the
Sixth Age seems to make the Kin-jin only more nervous.

Image: Brian stands about 5'5". His muscular body and
wiry legs give him a spindly, slightly out-of-proportion look.
His shoulder-length black hair is shaggy and falls into his eyes
unless he holds it back with a headband. Brian's habit of
constantly shifting his gaze gives him the look of a man on
the edge. He dresses in Western jeans and a T-shirt and
usually goes barefoot.

Roleplaying Hints: Never stay in one place too long, on
general principle. Stay away from the authorities — it makes
no difference to you whether they are British or Chinese.
Speak rapidly, punctuate your human speech with ratlike
squeaks (a holdover from your days as a "normal" rat). Play
hard, run hard, live smart. If the Wheel is turning, there's
nothing you can do about it, so go about your business but
survive.

Home: Brian has numerous boltholes (both in the
physical and spirit worlds) throughout the sewer and subway
systems. He shares a couple of them with Cooper.

Secrets: Brian knows where almost anything can be
found. He has personally viewed many treasures long be-
lieved lost to the world.

Influence: As a Tunnel Runner, Brian has some respect
from his fellow Nezumi. His value as an information broker
is considerable.

Breed: Rodens

Aspect: Tunnel Runner

Nature/Demeanor: Survivor/Bon Vivant

Physical: Strength 2 (3/1), Dexterity 5 (9/7), Stamina 4
(5/6)

Social: Charisma 3 (1/0), Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
(0/3)

Mental: Perception 4 (5/8), Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Crafts (subway art) 2, Melee 3, Performance
(karaoke) 2, Repair 4, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Kowloon) 5,

Area Knowledge (Hong Kong Territory) 4,
Investigation 3, Linguistics 2, Medicine 1,

ce i, ee i, a a i i

Occult 1, Rituals 2, Sewer/Subway Lore 5
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Kinfolk 2, Resources 1

Gifts: (1) Cloak of Shadows, Dark Sight, Shadow
Throw, Smell Poison (2) Attunement, Fly-Feet
Rank: 2

Rage 3, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5

Rites: Rite of the Birthing Plague, Rite of the Bolthole

NATURE SPIRITS (THE FAE)

A host of nature spirits, children of the Xi Wang Chi
(the Dreaming), exist in the wild, untouched places of Hong
Kong and the New Territories. Children of the elements,
trickster spirits, makers of enchantment — all find traces of
Yugen (Glamour) remaining despite the changes wrought by
the modern ear and its fast-paced,
frenetic worldliness.

YAO LIE (DAZZLING FLAME)

Background: Yao Lie's
fascination with fire began
when he was five-years old.
His parents lost him during a
New Year's celebration; they
find him sitting happily —
and unharmed — in the
middle of the launchsite

7, << ° 7+
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

=
9

u
"@
su
ve

h
,

W
S

f;

ss 7.

A_A_A4 _A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

for the fireworks display. He was surrounded on all sides by
exploding rockets and firecrackers. As he grew older, Lie
studied the art of burning things: origami figures, discarded
toys, his mother's antique rice-paper fan. Though his parents
scolded him harshly for fear that their strange young son
would set their apartment on fire or, worse, grow up to be an
arsonist, Lie couldn't resist the alluring song of the flames.

His discovery, shortly before his 13th birthday, of his
fire-spirit nature filled him with an explosive sense of joy.
Discovered by other Chu Jung and given his duties to
preserve the remnants of Xi Wang Chi (the Dreaming), Yao
Lie threw himself into his new life whole-heartedly.

Yao Lie travels with a small company of spirit-folk and
performs street theater and dances for the populace of Hong
Kong and the New Territories. His fire-dances draw gasps of
amazement from his audience. He also practices the art of
fire-glazed pottery, trying to craft lasting beauty that will
remind mortals of past splendor and instill a sense of wonder
in them.

His nature has a dark side, however, brought to the fore
by witnessing the callous actions of cold-hearted people. He
has made some friends among the twilight ladies of Hong
Kong and Kowloon, and he is aware of the brutal conditions
under which they live and work. He occasionally exacts his
own particular type of revenge against the most blatant
abusers of women (especially prostitutes and performers) —
usually setting fire to the homes or cars of these vicious flesh-
peddlers.

Image: Yao Lie is a slender, willowy boy in his late teens.
He has the body of a dancer and a face that draws the
attention of both males and females. His hair is long and
black (though it has red undertones); he wears it loose and
flowing, like the flames he so admires. His eyes have areddish
hue. He dresses in bright colors and wears a flame-shaped
pendant of red jade.

Roleplaying Hints: Something inside you compels you
to frenetic bouts of activity — the source of your prodigious
energy for dancing. You rarely unleash your inner fury, being
content to expend it gradually in your artistic endeavors.
When you do act in rage, it is usually in just retribution
against the depraved actions of evil men; you seek to warm
up their inner coldness so that they can feel the suffering they
cause others. You enjoy making public speeches, though you
care less about the topic than about the emotions you are
capable of arousing. Your friends have told you this might get
you in trouble with the new rulers of Hong Kong, but that's
joss.

Home: Yao Lie has a lakshmi, or House of Yugen, in
Kam Shan Country Park, north of Kowloon.

Secrets: He is responsible for the deaths by "apparent
spontaneous combustion" of a pair of notorious Kowloon

pimps.

Influence: Yao Lie is popular among other elemental
spirits and enjoys the favor of most of them.
Court: Shinma (Seelie)
Legacies: Troubadour/Peacock
Kith: Kamuii, Chu Jung (Fire-Spirit)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression (fiery speeches), Intimidation 2, Kenning 2
Skills: Crafts (fire-glazed pottery), Etiquette 2, Firearms
2, Melee 3, Performance (dance) 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 4,
Occult 3
Arts: Fire Mastery (as Lure of Flames) 4, Primal 3,
Soothsay 3
Realms: Actor 3, Nature 4, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 3 (fire cat), Lakshmi 2,
Resources 2
Chi: Pa (Banality/Yin) 3, Yugen (Glamour/Yang) 6
Ninjo (Humanity): 6
Willpower: 5

MIAO MIN (WONDERFULLY SHARP)

Background: Asa child, the boisterous Miao Min could
not seem to stay out of trouble. Despite the efforts of her
mother, grandmother, four aunts and three older sisters to
instill in her the most rudimentary aspects of decorous
behavior, Miao Min insisted on doing things her way. Her
family consulted an astrologer to determine if she had been
born under a curse.

The astrologer examined Miao Min, questioned her
mother about her birth and consulted his scrolls before
coming to a decision. He informed Miao Min's family that
the child had a "monkey-spirit" living inside her, and that
they — not she — were the unfortunate ones. The astrologer
advised the family to resign themselves to the fact that joss
had given them with an "interesting" child.

Miao Min's exuberance tapered off as she grew older and
developed a greater sense of self-preservation; her mother no
longer had to keep watch on her every movement to make
certain she did not throw herself headlong into danger just
for the excitement. In school, Miao evinced a keen mind,
although her attention drifted with the wind and she could
not always remember her lessons.

Miao Min experienced the true Awakening of her inner
spirit when she was 13. A group of Sun Hou Tzu (Monkey
Kings), attracted by the celestial clamor caused by her
discovery, found her in the park where she had gone to play.
Without thinking, Miao went off with these spirit-folk. She

7, '* ¥ TY VY YY YY ee YY oY VY oY VY oY OY TY oe oY Ue

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

eee

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A __A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

stayed with them for almost a week and pestered them with
questions and feelings. For the first time, she was among
those who understood her.

She returned home elated with her newfound knowl-
edge and discovered her family in mourning, sure that their
ill-fated daughter had been kidnapped or killed — or both.
Their grief turned to anger and Miao Min realized finally just
how little of the real world her family could see. Their limited
perception blinded them to what she was, and she could not
expect them to understand or accept her for herself.

Thus began her great deception. Putting on a contrite
expression, Miao bowed before her father and mother and
professed a heartfelt apology. She promised that she would

never again give them cause to
worry.

Miao kept
her promise to her family. One
of the many things
her new companions
taught her was the joy
of living a double life.
Her parents saw only
that she had changed;
she applied herself dili-
gently to her studies and gained admission to Hong Kong
University.

With the greater freedom accorded her as a serious student,
Miao Min now spends most of her time cavorting with her Sun
Hou Tzu friends. At first, the group contented themselves with
minor pranks on unsuspecting bystanders. Recently, however, at
Miao's suggestion, their grandiose entertainments have taken a
more timely and political turn. Mysterious displays of porno-

graphic wall art have started appearing near government build-
ings, while public monuments and statues have acquired new
adornments — fake designer clothes purchased from the many
tourist traps in Hong Kong.

On the evening of the takeover, Miao Min and her
friends held their own public ceremony in which they ceded
China to Hong Kong. They plan to continue their joking
commentary on political events.

Image: Miao Min appears to bea typical college student.
She is small, with delicate bone structure and an open,
friendly face. Her dark hair hangs to her shoulders, with long
bangs hiding her wide forehead. She prefers casual clothes
that allow her freedom of movement, as she detests standing
still for more than a few minutes at a time.

Roleplaying Hints: Stagnation and seriousness

cause most of the world's ills. Your purpose in life is

to make war on both conditions. People need to

‘. have their most cherished beliefs challenged,
. " _ and humor is the best way to do it and survive
x 7 (you hope). Keep both your faces (your

ny Ss 4! . Serious face and your monkey face)

Bs "SA ':/ \ closeatall times; younever know when
—

a you will need to make a quick change.

Home: Miao Min lives with her
family not far from Hong Kong Uni-
versity. She also shares a lakshmi with

other Monkey Kings in the middle of
Aw Boon Haw Garden.

Secrets: None.
Influence: Miao Min has many friends among
the students of HKU; she also garners a great deal of respect
from the spirit-folk for her elaborate pranks.

Court: Shinma (Seelie)

Legacies: Troubadour/Fool

Kith: Hirayanu, Sun Hou Tzu (Monkey King)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts (wall art) 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Leadership
2, Melee 1, Performance (acting) 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 1, Linguistics 2,
Mythlore 3, Occult 1, Politics 3

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Soothsay 3, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Prop 3, Scene 3

Backgrounds: Dreamers (students) 3, Resources 2

Chi: Pa (Banality/Yin) 3, Yugen (Glamour/Yang) 7

Ninjo (Humanity): 7

Willpower: 8

aie ae cima simenmmnsinea tame

(AA
CAA

Hy

PP
hw

—————————————

i i i a a i i i el i i

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

=,
= 4, =
i

A __d4_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A

BIAN TU (DISCRIMINATING PURSUIT)

Background: From his father, Bian Tu learned the art of
carving wood, from simple bamboo flutes to intricate puzzle
boxes. Soon his talent outstripped his father's, and Bian Tu
began setting impossible challenges for himself, fashioning
pieces of such great delicacy and subtlety that it seemed as
though he were carving the air itself.

When Bian Tu was 14, his father died. The boy inher-
ited the business and set about making some long-desired
changes. Bian Tu stopped producing the easily made wooden
trinkets and curios favored by the gweilo tourists; instead, he
concentrated on refining his technique by crafting elabo-
rate screens from paper-thin sheets of teak and
mahogany. His work drew the admiration of
browsers who came into his shop, but
there were no buyers for the oddly
shaped, almost intangible pieces.

Bian Tu lost money; eventually,
unable to pay his squeeze money, he
ran afoul of the local triads who warned
him that he must come up with his "con-
tribution" or face the consequences.

The night before the payment was
due, Bian Tu had a strange visitor. An
old man dressed in archaic clothes
entered his shop just before closing
and handed the young woodcarver
a piece of wood unlike any-
thing he had ever seen. "Seek
the form hiding within," the
man intoned, "and all will be
well." The old man left without
another word.

Bian Tu spent the night in
a fever of work. As he concen-
trated on the elusive slab of
translucent, fine-grained wood,
the world around him seemed
to shift in and out of focus. Bian
Tu thought he heard voices
singing from within the wood,
and he worked furiously to free
the spirits he was sure were
trapped within it. Finally, he
lost consciousness and fell to
the floor — his hands still
gripping the tools of his
trade.

When he woke, the
wood had disappeared.

In its place was a figure of
a blue jade dragon — and

Bian Tu realized that what he had been carving was himself.
He had Awakened the Chu-ih-yu spirit within him, and his
life was never the same.

The collector for the triad came to visit Bian Tu the next
morning to thank him for his payment. Bian Tu said nothing,
not daring to question his joss. He never saw the strange old
man again, but the dragon figure enjoys a prominent place
above his front door.

Soon after his Awakening, Bian Tu received a new
clientele. Shen from all over Hong Kong came to him and
requested fine weapons and other items.

Bian Tu's business once again pros-

pered, more so because he no longer

had the need to purchase large

amounts of wood for his carving, since the
materials he used came from within the Dream-
ing.

In the last few months, Bian Tu has no-
ticed a great demand for serious weaponry, as
if the spirit-folk were preparing themselves for
a great conflict. He senses that the Sixth Age is
about to dawn.

Image: Bian Tu appears older than his
actual years (mid-20s), because of his stooped
posture from years of leaning over his work-
bench. His dark hair is long and tied back away
from his face, which is marked with lines of
worry. He wears a large apron over his clothes,

though he rarely has to worry about
woodshavings anymore.

Roleplaying Hints: You are happiest

when you are working, but your joy is tem-

pered by the knowledge that war — celestial

war — looms on the horizon. Your speech is
clipped, and you pay less attention to conver-
sation than to what your hands are doing.
Home: Bian Tu's shop is in Hong Kong's
Western District. His lakshmi lies in back
of the shop, in a small enclosed garden just
big enough for him.
Secrets: He senses a great influx of
Chi-charged items in the area.

Influence: Bian Tu enjoys great respect
among the spirit-folk because of his skill in
producing the items they request.
Court: Shinma (Seelie)

Legacies: Crafter/Riddler

Kith: Chu-ih-yu
Physical: Strength 3,
Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

5 > F YEN CL GF i
WA y Mental: Perception 4,

jr
96

i iii. ie, i, i, a, i il ee a, a i! i ci i i a!

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A __A_A4_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Kenning 4,
Streetwise |

Skills: Crafts (wood-carving) 5, Crafts (metallurgy) 4,
Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Melee 3, Security 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2, Mythlore 2,
Occult 3

Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 3, Primal 4
Realms: Nature 3, Prop 5

Backgrounds: Lakshmi 1, Mentor (the old man) 4,
Resources 1, Treasures (katana) 3

Chi: Pa (Banality/Yin) 5, Yugen (Glamour/Yang) 7
Ninjo (Humanity): 8

Willpower: 8

CREATURES OF THE YIN WORLD

The forces of entropy and death also have their propo-
nents in Hong Kong. Wraiths from the Dark Kingdom of Jade
share the land with a few Stygian adherents. The uneasy
face-off between the Eastern and Western worlds of the dead
has yet to erupt into direct conflict, but there are some who
say that the time for battle is not far off.

NECROPOLIS HONG KONG

The uneasy relationship between East and West reaches
its apex in Hong Kong. Although part of the Dark Kingdom
of Jade, Western wraiths allied with Stygia also reside here.
An agreement between the emperor and Stygia formerly
ceded the souls of Westerners to Hierarchy control, but
numerous breaches occur yearly. Since the reversion of Hong
Kong to China, this arrangement is up for renegotiation, and
many wraiths believe that the emperor will now assert his
dominion over all who die in this corner of the Middle
Kingdom.

The wraiths of Hong Kong's Necropolis enjoy strong ties
with their mortal families. Celebrations and holidays such as
the Dragon Boat Festival, the Ching Ming Festival and the
Festival of Hungry Ghosts honor the dead throughout the
year, while most families maintain the graves of their ances-
tors regularly.

KUN SU (RESPECTFUL ELDER BROTHER), "PROTECTOR OF
HONG KONG"

Background: In his lifetime, Kun Su served as
compradore for one of the British merchant houses. Al-
though he fulfilled his duties admirably, he harbored a
lingering resentment of the usurping barbarian devils. Forced
to walk a thin line between his duty to the merchant house
and his desire to see the foreigners driven from the Middle
Kingdom, Su involved himself in clandestine triad activities.

The strain of his conflicting urges fractured his inner
harmony, which led Su to make unwise decisions concerning
his personal safety. He seemed to court death by deliberately
placing himself in its path whenever he could. One evening,
he left the safety of his home to wander the most disreputable
streets of the city. Soldiers discovered his battered body in an
alley behind a notorious opium house, apparently the victim
of one too many risks. Out of respect for his social standing,
the authorities covered up the cause of Su's death, calling
him a victim of "misadventure."

Incorporated into the society of the Yellow Springs, Su
began to seek the harmony he had lost once more. His
superiors recognized his natural capacity for organization,
and Kun Su soon achieved the position of Protector of Hong
Kong.

J a a a a i a a a! i

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

os

aX


A__A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A__A_A__A__A_A_A__A_A_A

As administrator for the Necropolis, Kun Su oversees
the loyalty of the wraiths within his Protectorate, scrupu-
lously monitoring any contacts his subjects have with Stygian
wraiths. The end of British rule in Hong Kong filled him with
great joy; he hopes to see Hong Kong's importance to the
Dark Kingdom of Jade increase with the waning of Western
influence.

He is keenly aware of the threat still posed by the
Westerners who remain, particularly the attempts of the
Kin-jin Oliver Thrace to bind the spirits of the dead to his
will. The thwarting of Thrace's nefarious schemes is Kun Su's
top priority.

Image: Kun Su appears as a 19th-century Chinese
aristocrat, dressing in fine clothing and bearing himself with
the dignity of his office. His dark eyes assess his surroundings
constantly, while his hard, unforgiving expression rarely
softens. Slight of build, though agile in his movements, he
appears to be in his late 40s.

Roleplaying Hints: In life, you were forced to compro-
mise —serving the barbarian while longing for his destruction.
Now you have no such constraints. Exercise your authority
with meticulous attention to detail; your duty to your sub-
jects demands that you protect them from foreign devils —
whether living, dead, or undead.

Haunt: Su spends most of his time near his grave, where
his family continues to observe rituals of remembrance.

Secrets: He knows most of the mundane goings-on in
Hong Kong and is aware of the subtle incursions of the Yama
King Mikaboshi.

Influence: Kun Su enjoys a great deal of influence over
the wraiths of Hong Kong.

Nature: Bureaucrat

Demeanor: Mediator

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 3, Intimidation 3

Skills: Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Investigation 3, Law 4,
Linguistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Living Family 2, Magisterial
Office 4, Status 2, Wealth 3, Wraith Family 3
Passions: Ensure Subjects' Loyalty (Duty) 3,
Exterminate Foreign Influences (Hatred) 4, Serve
Mortal Descendants (Love) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Embody 2, Fatalism 2, Puppetry 3,
Way of the Scholar 4, Way of the Soul 2

Fetters: Descendants 3, Street of Lingering Desire (alley
where you died) 2, Gravesite 3

Corpus: 8

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 7

eee

P'o: The Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Bad Luck

Dark Passions: Undermine Subjects' Loyalty (Deceit)
3, Protect Foreigners (Treason) 2, Seek Oblivion (Self-
Hate) 2

DA NAN (DISTINGUISHED ONE)

Background: As the first mate aboard the 19th-century
pirate ship commanded by Lang Shan, Da Nan was the only
crew member to know that the fearless captain was a woman.
Serving as both Lang Shan's lover and her second-in-com-
mand, Da Nan guarded her secret closely, especially from the
British authorities who had put a price on the notorious
pirate's head.

When a huge naval force attacked and overwhelmed
their vessel, Da Nan fought desperately until he saw that
defeat was inevitable. Rather than be taken alive, he threw
himself into the sea, hoping that Lang Shan would do
likewise.

He found himself in the Dark Kingdom of Jade, drawn to
the vicinity of Hong Kong because of his many Fetters to that
region of the Yellow Springs. As an assistant to the Protector
of the Hong Kong outpost, Da Nan's duties include making
certain the Stygian wraiths remain in their own section of
the main island and preventing them from laying claim to
souls that belong to the Jade Emperor. Of course, Da Nan is
not above practicing a little "piracy" upon the gweilo when-
ever he has the opportunity.

Not long after his arrival in the Yellow Springs, Da Nan
discovered that his strongest Fetter was, in fact, his lover
Lang Shan, who had become one of the Kuei-jin. Despite his
efforts to contact her, she remains blind to his existence. Her
ignorance of his nearness drives Da Nan into fits of despair.

When not occupied with his administrative duties, Da
Nan plies the western coast of Hong Kong ina ghostly vessel
—the battered remains of his sunken pirate ship. In his more
compassionate moments, he sometimes guides endangered
ships to safety, whispering words of warning in the minds of
their pilots.

Da Nan recently witnessed the landing of a small,
unidentified boat in a secluded cove on Hong Kong's western
shore during one of his midnight patrols along the coast. The
cargo smuggled ashore by the crew radiated destructive
energies, and Da Nan sensed a malicious intelligence sur-
rounding the mysterious package. What it bodes for his
portion of the Yellow Springs he does not know, but he feels
compelled to warn someone in the Middle Kingdom of the
dangerous Chi energies about to be loosed in the world.

ie a i i a a a i il el i a i i i i a a

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

Image: Da Nan appears in death much as he did in life Angst: 5

— asa brawny Chinese pirate of the late 19th century. His Thorns: Trick of the Light
weathered face is tinged with the gray of adrowning victim, Dark Passions: Lure Ships into Danger (Deceit) 1,

though he bears no other marks of his death.

Destroy Lang Shan (Twisted Love) 2, Shirk Your Duties

Roleplaying Hints: Although you spend much of your (Sloth) 2, Help the Gweilo (Treason) 2

time on land, you are a man of the open sea and prefer sailing
the "waters" of the Yellow Springs in your ghost ship. You

speak rarely; instead, you encourage others to speak, and you se
. ‘ 7
listen carefully to what they say. Thus, you acquire a

useful knowledge. sT

Haunt: Da Nan's Haunt is the old
cove where his pirate ship is some-
times docked, on the western side of
Hong Kong Island.

Secrets: He is witness to much
of the smuggling traffic in the waters
of the South China Sea.

Influence: Da Nan has moderate
influence among the wraiths of
Necropolis Hong Kong.

Nature: Confidant

Demeanor: Gallant

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3,

Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2,

Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits

3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3,

Dodge 3, Empathy 1, Intimidation 3,

Subterfuge 4

Skills: Boating 4, Crafts (wood-carving) 2,

Etiquette 2, Repair 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Area Lore (South China Sea) 3,

Enigmas 1, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2,

Occult 2

Backgrounds: Magisterial Office 1, Resources 2,

Wraith Family 2

Passions: Reunite with Lang Shan (Love) 4,

Harass the Gweilo (Revenge) 2,

Protect Sea Travelers (Compassion)

1, Serve the Jade Emperor (Loyalty)

2, Perform Assigned Tasks (Duty) 1

Arcanoi: Argos 3, Embody 1, Puppetry

2, Way of the Soul 2

Fetters: Lang Shan 4, Deathsite

(underwater) 2, Favorite Docking Site on

Western Shore of Island 2, Wooden

Carving Given to Lang Shan as Present

(now ina museum) 2 j
v

\
iN)
\\

\

Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6
P'o: The Beast

i i a a a el ll! a i i a! i a

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


\

ss

=.
‘aay

is
Sa

K

A __A4 _A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A _A__A_A_A_A_A_A

KUAN HUI (HAPPY ORCHID)

Background: Always a dutiful daughter, Kuan Hui
complied with her father's wishes and became a concubine to
the rich gweilo shipping merchant whose business interests
her family handled. Though she detested her barbarian
master's uncivilized ways and unclean habits, she suffered his
attentions for many years. Kuan Hui even agreed to keep
their relationship a secret from his wife, whose strange
religious beliefs rejected the idea that a man should have
more than one pillow upon which to lay his head.

4

Afooe B97

102

When she bore ason to her British merchant, Kuan Hui
thought he would rejoice. Instead, he grew angry, calling her
irresponsible and refusing to acknowledge the "bastard" or
provide for him in any way. Kuan Hui was forced to give the
child to her family, who raised the boy as their own. Kuan
Hui's master forbade her to have any contact with the child
and swore to kill her if she became pregnant again.

A year later, when his wife died giving birth to astillborn
child, the merchant accused Kuan Hui of placing a curse on
his family; he beat his mistress so savagely that she died the
next day from her wounds.

Assigned to Necropolis Hong Kong, Kuan Hui now
assists in the administration of the outpost, acting as a
Censor in charge of reaping new wraiths for the Jade Em-
peror. She enjoys stealing barbarian wraiths for the Jade
Kingdom when she can, even though she realizes that the

emperor's pact with Stygia forbids this practice.
Kuan Hui still searches for her missing son among
the wraiths she encounters in Hong Kong. She keeps
track of her extended family in the mortal world and
appreciates the attentions they pay to her grave and to
her memory. Her hatred of her former barbarian
master, who married a second time and raised a large
family in Hong Kong, has driven her to persecute his
descendants — haunting their house in Aberdeen and

causing mischief for them whenever she can.

Image: Kuan Hui appears as an attractive Chinese
woman in her early 20s. She dresses in traditional women's
styles of the late 19th century; her dark hair is elaborately
styled and she often carries an ornate fan. Her bound feet
cause her to walk with a delicate, mincing step.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a gentle Reaper of souls,
except when those souls belong to barbarians; then you
become an avenging demon. You were trained to be meek
and graceful; that is still part of you, but now you have real
power. And you are not afraid to use it.

Haunt: Kuan Hui stays near the residence that her
gweilo lover bought for her and in which she died.

Secrets: She conceals her smuggling of souls from her
superiors.

Influence: Kuan Hui enjoys power over newly arrived
wraiths. She also has some influence over her living descen-
dants.

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Caregiver

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Crafts (fan-painting) 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 1,
Performance (singing) 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 2, Linguistics 2,

ii. a. ei aa cr a ek li ie i ae ae a ee ee

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A

Occult 3

Backgrounds: Living Family 2, Magisterial Office 1,
Resources 2, Wraith Family 1

Passions: Find Lost Son (Love) 3, Cause Harm to Former
Master's Family (Hatred) 2, Perform Assigned Duties
(Loyalty) 1, Capture Barbarian Wraiths for Jade Empire
(Revenge) 2

Arcanoi: Argos 2, Lifeweb 3, Way of the Artisan 2, Way
of the Farmer 3, Way of the Soul 3
Willpower: 7

Pathos: 7

P'o: The Martyr

Angst: 6

Thorns: Shadowed Face

Dark Passions: Cause Harm to Descendants (Spite)

3, Help Barbarian Wraiths (Betrayal) 2, Undermine he j

Superiors' Authority (Rebellion) 1

STYGIAN WRAITHS

Despite its position as an outpost of the Dark Kingdom
of Jade, Necropolis Hong Kong also maintains ties with the
Stygian Underworld. A contingent of Legionnaires, repre-
sentative of all the Legions, maintains a garrison in
Stanley Village, as well as several other small Haunts

scattered throughout the island and across the bay in = *

Kowloon.

DUNCAN GORDON, "THE SENTRY"

Background: Lance Corporal Duncan Gor-
don, stationed in Hong Kong at the time of the
Japanese invasion in 1941, died in the
attack on the Repulse Bay Hotel, the
headquarters of British troops on the
island. Reaped by a member of the
Grim Legion, Duncan watched in grow-
ing horror from the Shadowlands as his
comrades-in-arms fell to the rifles of
their executioners or languished as in-
mates in the Stanley Internment Camp. }
Duncan was inducted quickly into the }
army of the Smiling Lord and spent the
duration of the war battling the forces
of the Jade Emperor over the souls
of European soldiers and civilians,
who were now arriving regularly
into the Necropolis.

After the war, Duncan became one of the
fiercest protectors of European and American wraiths, en-
forcing rigidly the reinstated division of "spoils" between
Stygia and the Jade Emperor. His hatred for the Japanese,
however, also made him one of the agreement's chief viola-
tors. Duncan has done his best over the years to deprive the

‘SS
Pr hh

lf

Dark Kingdom of Jade of as many potential servants as
possible, either by sending Enfants straight to Oblivion or by
Moliating their features to disguise them as Europeans and
smuggling them aboard the Midnight Express bound for
Stygia.

For the last 10 years, Duncan has prepared for the
Chinese takeover of Hong Kong, realizing that this event
signals the end of Stygian influence in the Necropolis. He
stands ready to serve as Stygia's last line of defense on the
border between West and East, even if he has to defy the
Hierarchy to protect it.

Image: Duncan's clean-

.. shaven appearance and careful

"a grooming present the image

of the ideal British Army

‘ Bs recruit; he dresses in the

eas uniform he wore on
the day he was shot.

~~ + VV TY oS Orel eelCUereOeelOU eel Oele lhl hl hl

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

WW

<=
<¢


A_s _A A A A&A A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A

4

Roleplaying Hints: Despite the overt "peace" in the
Skinlands, you know that a state of war continues to exist in

| Hong Kong. Your duty lies is to protect Western wraiths from
slavery to the Jade Emperor. Behave with the outward
propriety your uniform and

| standing demand; take any
, opportunity to weaken
| the ranks of the enemy.

Haunt: The ru-
ins of the Repulse
Bay Hotel, a solid
structure

Shadowlands, are \ ae

Duncan's primary

resting place. He also

| spends time at the
Kowloon Station of the \ i

| Midnight Express.

| Secrets: He is respon-
sible for the disappearance of a
number of Eastern (particularly

| Japanese) wraiths from Necropolis
Hong Kong. Duncan has

discovered a secret gate-

|

fay AY

way to the Wicked City
of the Yama _ King e
Mikaboshi, though thus far,
he has explored only a little
of the Hell-realm.
Influence: The Stygian
wraiths consider Duncan as
one of their most valued pro-
tectors.
Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Director
Physical: Strength 4,
Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3,
| Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4,
| Intelligence 3, Wits 3
|

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics
2, Awareness 2,
Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2

Skills: Drive 2,

Investigation 3, Linguistics 1, Occult 2, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Haunt 2, Memoriam 1, Status 3
Passions: Defend Stygian Wraiths (Devotion) 4,
Destroy the Jade Kingdom (Hatred) 3, Obey Your
Commander (Duty) 2
Arcanoi: Argos 4, Inhabit 1, Moliate 3, Outrage 3,
Puppetry 2, Usury 3
Fetters: Deathsite 2, Stanley Military Cemetery 2,

Stanley Prison 3
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6

Shadow: The Martyr

: Angst: 5
Cs Thorns: Tainted Relic (pistol) 2
Dark Passions: Betray Stygia
(Deceit) 2, Undermine Your Superiors
(Resentment), Surrender to the Jade
Emperor (Self-Hate) 1, Destroy Eastern
Wraiths (Vengeance) |

MELODY TRELAWNY, "THE RUNAWAY"

Background: Naturally rebellious, Melody
ran away from her upper-class home in Arkan-
sas when she was 14 and hitchhiked her way
across the country to San Francisco, where she

caught the tail end of the summer of love. An
aspiring model, actress and even groupie, she
migrated to Los Angeles. There she encountered
Roth, a dangerously handsome man who called
himself an "agent" and promised Melody a career
in acting.

He put her in an apartment with four other
girls who quickly told Melody of Roth's real
purpose in taking her under his wing. He was a
pimp and she had just joined his stable of under-
age girls. Roth introduced her to drugs, and soon

Melody depended on him for her daily fix —
doing what she had to do to get it.

Roth announced he had bigger plans for
Melody when she turned 16. He introduced

her to a Mr. Fong, who spoke with her
briefly before indicating to Roth that he
was satisfied with her. It took Melody
only a few moments to realize that she
had just been sold.

Firearms 4 Mr. Fong took her to Hong Kong
Leadeishing and presented her to the world of X-
Wela« 3 Gechels rated films. To her chagrin, Melody had
3 ; ae achieved her dreams of celluloid fame.

i Knowledges: She looked frantically for a way out of
Bureaucracy 1 the morass into which she had

ae , descended; she tried runnin

Enigmas |, Minkgea 7 u g

e

ie ral , Ww ww wv YY wy wv & Vv wv sy ay wv Vv oy Vv oh OY hf
104 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

EE &


A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

away, but Mr. Fong's hired goons caught her and several days
of painful repercussions convinced her that escape was futile.
Melody began to sabotage her film scenes. Exasperated, Mr.
Fong told her that he no longer needed her services, but that
he had another client who would appreciate her special
talents even more.

When Melody arrived at the home of Qian Shi, she
realized that she had reached the bottom of the abyss. Her
"patron" introduced her to a whole new world of perversity,
one she knew she would not survive. After Qian Shi had
completed her "training," he informed Melody that she
would star in her very own film. Melody knew exactly what
he was talking about — she had heard horror stories about
the snuff trade, but had refused to believe it existed.

Qian Shi denied her pleas for drugs, insisting that he
wanted to capture her genuine reactions. The film took eight
hours to make; Melody lived through all but the last 15
minutes.

Awakening in the Shadowlands of Hong Kong, Melody
encountered Duncan Gordon, who removed her caul and
introduced her to her new existence as a wraith. Although he
has never taken advantage of her, she cannot forget the other
patrons and protectors and sponsors who came before him.
She suspects Duncan of some hidden purpose and spends as
much time as she can distancing herself from him. Melody
instead seeks out young girls and tries to warn them of the
dangers they face in looking for easy money and instant fame.

Image: Melody is a pretty American teenager, with a
slim body and a winsomely attractive face. She dresses
provocatively in tight-fitting, short skirts and skimpy tops.
Her sandy-blond hair falls in loose curls around her face,
giving her expression an innocence she lost many years ago.
Her eyes are green and usually look slightly unfocused, as
though her thoughts are elsewhere.

Roleplaying Hints: Never trust any man again, ever.
You were stupid when you were alive; surely you've learned
something since your death. "Don't touch me!" is your
favorite expression. Use it a lot.

Haunt: Melody stays most of the time in Hong Kong;
she "reports" to Duncan now and then so he won't come
looking for her.

Secrets: She knows the location of Qian Shi's private
abode (see below), as well as the identities of the vice trade's
chief movers and shakers.

Influence: None.

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Rebel

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1,
Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Seduction 4, Streetwise 3

Skills: Etiquette 2, Melee 1, Performance (dancing) 4,
Stealth 4

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1, Occult 2
Backgrounds: Eidolon 1, Mentor (Duncan Gordon) 2,
Resources |

Passions: Protect Other Victims (Determination) 4,
Avenge Your Murder (Vengeance) 3, Retain Your
Freedom (Desire) 3

Arcanoi: Argos 1, Embody 2, Inhabit 2, Keening 2,
Outrage 3, Usury 2

Fetters: Snuff Film 3, Deathsite 2, Apartment in
Wanchai 2, Alley (where her body was dumped) 1
Willpower: 6

Pathos: 7

Shadow: Perfectionist

Angst: 5

Thorns: Tainted Relic (needle)

Dark Passions: Lead Others to Share Your Fate (Misery)
2, Run Away from Gordon (Fear) 3, Seek Oblivion (Self-
Destruction) 1

INDEPENDENTS

A few shen have deviated from their tribe, kith or group.
Some of these have given themselves over to dark and
destructive forces. Others pursue purely personal ambitions.

QUAN SHI (A THOUSAND SEEDS)

Background: When Qian Shi realized that he belonged
to the hengeyokai spider-people, his heart rejoiced. The
patient ways of the spider and its potential for ruthlessness
and viciousness fascinated him as a boy, as if his true self were
already calling to him. Following the pull of his inner nature,
he applied himself to the study of poisons and restricted his
mind to patient thought and meticulous planning.

Hong Kong had just fallen under British dominion, and
Shi's family members were brokers and liaisons between the
conquerors and the Chinese merchant houses. Qian Shi was
expected to learn skills suitable to his place in the household,
but he found those practices boring and demeaning. When
his parents and siblings chided him for unruly or willful
behavior, Qian Shi did nothing at first, but he began planting
seeds of discord and distrust in their hearts. It took him
almost four years to erode the ties of honor and affection
among his family. And at the completion of his methodical
plotting, he pulled a single strand of his vengeful web.

Convinced of his wife's infidelity, Shi's father slew her
and her alleged lover in a rage. The lover was actually an
innocent friend of the family. Shi's oldest brother was horri-
fied at his father's actions, knowing that his mother was

as
Aa
<=
i

y

i i, i i i i a i a! i a i

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

10!

A __A _A A A A __A__A _A__A__A__A__A _A__A__A__A_A_A

innocent, and defied his father — calling him a murderer and
threatening to take him to the police. Shi's remorseful father
killed himself in front of this eldest son.

The next brother, hearing of his parents' deaths, refused
to believe the circumstances and accused his brother of
orchestrating the tragedy. The two brothers fought, fatally
wounding each other with knives that were poisoned by Shi
in anticipation of this outcome. Left with only his sisters,
brothers-in-law, his brothers' young widows, and his many
nieces and nephews, Shi enacted the second phase of his
grand scheme.

Over the next month, Shi's brothers-in-law fell deeply
into debt and drew the wrath of the local triads (whom Shi
had been cultivating throughout his planning phase). After
the mysterious disappearances of Shi's sisters' husbands, Shi
himself stepped in to clean up the remains. He sold his sisters
and sisters-in-law to brothels throughout Hong Kong and as
far as Shanghai and Macao, then he imprisoned his nieces
and nephews in an underground tunnel that he had prepared
for them. Mutilating them so that they could not escape, Shi
fed on their fresh young blood for several years and discarded
the bloodless husks as they died,
one by one, from
neglect,

abuse and blood loss. Shi kept only his favorite niece, a
delicate-looking girl-child named Qian Jing (Thousand Crys-
tals). He preserved her beauty, though he severed her
hamstrings to appease his other hungers. When she died, Shi
acquired a replacement, whom he also named Jing; he has
worked his way through six of these pleasure-pets and is now
on his seventh "Jing."

Free of his family (except as a food supply), Qian Shi has
cultivated ties with the triads, who know him only as "Our
Benefactor." He has grown extremely wealthy through his
participation in the opium and prostitution trades, and he
specializes in acquiring and training girls and boys for "spe-
cial" clients —including the snuff trade. Shi's knowledge of
poisons has brought him into contact with local apothecaries
and alchemists; he has managed to amass a small hoard of
magical artifacts over the years that have extended his life far
beyond its normal span. In spite of his innate hatred of the
gweilo shen, Shi has active ties with the Kin-jin Oliver Thrace
and supplies him with rare types of blood and sells him bits
and pieces of information regarding the spirits of the dead
(much of which is blatantly, but unprovably, false).

The changeover does not concern Qian Shi; he has

hidden from the foreign overlords for more than a

century and does not expect the

cue hy

new people in power to

present him with much
of a challenge. He has
ensnared some of them
already into his web of
bribes and depravity,
catering to their bas-
est desires.
Image: Qian
Shi's Homid form re-
sembles a Cantonese
man in his prime (mid-
30s). Although he is
not handsome by any
means, he can appear
strangely seductive
when he wishes. He
dresses conservatively, so
as not to call attention to him-
self. In his own lair, Shi prefers to
wear mandarin-style robes of dark
silk and other luxurious materi-
als. His Lilian (or man-spider
form) stands seven-feet tall, and
is covered with a coat of fine
velvety-black hairs. His six arms
and two legs give him great mo-
bility and multiple attack
capability. In Pithus (or Pit Spi-

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

vovwveweovVpWeivvpoepivivvpiwwyiveféeovsf#¥


A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4_A

der) form, Shi becomes a gigantic (five-foot long) black
spider, with all its attendant capabilities. He assumes
Crawlerling form (in which his body breaks down into
hundreds of tiny black spiders) only for purposes of escape or
espionage.

Roleplaying Hints: The spider-spirits have blessed you
with their likeness and you intend to make the best use of
your special powers. You think in complex patterns, sensing
the diverging strands of joss and turning them to your
advantage. Young blood appeases your hunger, and the
prolonged agonies of your helpless victims sate your lust. You
particularly enjoy watching the faces of the tender creatures
you sell to the makers of snuff films. The moment of discov-
ery, in which the "stars" of these films realize the terminal
brevity of their moment of fame, fills you with an unending
sense of satisfaction and repletion. You covet anything
magical that can prolong your life, for you intend to live well
into the Sixth Age, which promises an orgy of blood you are
determined not to miss.

Home: Qian Shi maintains an elaborate underground
home beneath Victoria Peak, which is accessible only through
a complex labyrinth of secret tunnels branching off from the
MTR line or through the Yang World. He keeps his latest
crop of victims here, as well as his stable of trainees: young
women and teenage boys he has lured away or kidnapped. Shi
amuses himself by schooling them to extremes of obedience
and submissiveness before farming them out to brothels in
Hong Kong, Shanghai, Macao, Bangkok and even Beijing.

Secrets: In Crawlerling form, Qian Shi has penetrated
almost every place of political power in the former colony.
He has enough information on most of Hong Kong's former
and current movers and shakers to ensure his political safety
and continued wealth for years to come.

Influence: Qian Shi has contacts among the triads, the
police and the media (particularly the pornographic film
trade). He also has some influence with the residents of the
Tremere Chantry and with the akuma Gan Shuo. Anything
related to vice or corruption bears his mark somewhere.
Breed: Homid
Tribe: Kumo (Goblin Spider)

Age: 100+ years

[The numbers in parentheses refer to alterations for the
Lilian (or Crinos), Pithus (Pit Spider), and Crawlerling
Forms respectively.]

Physical: Strength 4 (6/7/0), Dexterity 4 (7/6/0),
Stamina 4 (5/5/0)

Social: Charisma 2 (2/0/0), Manipulation 4 (0/0/0),
Appearance 2 (0/0/0)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 2, Seduction 5, Streetwise
5, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Animal Ken (insects) 4, Crafts (calligraphy using

blood for ink) 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Repair 2, Stealth 5,
Torture 5, Webmaking 3*

Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Hong Kong and
Kowloon) 5, Enigmas 3, Finance 3, Linguistics 2, Occult
4, Science (toxicology) 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Resources 4

Gifts: (1) Blur of the Milky Eye, Control Simple
Machines, Create Element, Eyes of the Cat, Resist
Toxins (2) Replenishment of the Flesh, Blissful
Ignorance, Insect Eyes (3) *Spinnerets, Wall Crawling,
Bug Lord, Control Complex Machines, Visceral Agony
(4) Attunement, Crawling Poison

*The Webmaking Skill works in conjunction with the
Level Three Gift Spinnerets, allowing the Kumo to
create sheer, yet thick, webbing for purposes of capturing
victims, sealing off places, and climbing.

Gnosis 6

Willpower 8

Blood Pool: 15 (Unlike most shapeshifters, Goblin
Spiders must drink blood to sustain themselves, similar
to Western vampires. Most Kumo have Blood Pools of
10, but Qian Shi's life span and alchemical knowledge
have enabled him to transcend this limitation.)

Rank: 4 (acknowledged by other Kumo in the Middle
Kingdom who serve the principle of destruction)

KINTARO TANIJIRO (SECOND-BORN SON OF THE GOLDEN
VALLEY)

Background: Like his packmate Masato, Kintaro
Tanijiro dreamed of bringing Glory and Honor to himself,
his pack and his tribe — the Hakken Shadow Lords. More
skilled at the use of his spirit Gifts than with claws or blade,
the bold young Theurge nevertheless attained considerable
expertise in battle, sometimes rivaling his friend Masato in
his prowess and fiery determination to succeed at all costs.

Then disaster struck. A doomed foray into the tainted
spirit realm near Nagasaki cost the lives of all Tanijiro's
packmates except for himself and Masato. The two survivors
shared the ignominy of being branded ronin — outcasts —
and struck off together to seek their lonely fortunes, their
hopes of fame irretrievably shattered.

The dreams began shortly thereafter. Visions of fire and
whirlwind, of screaming human torches and mutilated hun-
gry ghosts, of holocausts past and future, became nightly
visitations and disturbed Tanijiro's sleep and remained with
him throughout the day. He was unable to speak of these
ghastly images to Masato, for fear that his companion would
desert him. Tanijiro grew sullen and withdrawn instead,
listening more and more to the whispering voices that
seemed to promise him delivery from his torment.

hh

y, Vv 7 VThoTrhUhTThUrhUCUC VLU TVTLUhUCTLhUCUCTY CT YT Th ehl ehhh

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

A__A _A _A_A_A_A__A_A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A_A

Finally, Tanijiro succumbed to his nightmares and slipped
away from Masato in the middle of the night and following
his spirit-senses to a secret place on the outskirts of Tokyo.
Entering the spirit realm, he traveled with a guardian spirit
who had been awaiting his arrival. Tanijiro emerged in an
underground audience chamber and met the source of his
mysterious voices — Lord Hakari, the powerful Kuei-jin
commander of the armies of the dead. Perceiving through his
magics the madness of Tanijiro's soul, Hakari desired the
service of the ronin Hakken. He offered Tanijiro surcease
from his horrid visions and a chance to command a group of
tireless warriors in return.

Tanijiro accepted Hakari's offer and the Kuei-jin lord
enacted a series of monstrous and painful rites centered on
his newest recruit, transforming Tanijiro into a twisted
caricature of a werewolf. Armed with a new knowledge of
forbidden magics, he set out to do his master's will: the
ushering in of the Sixth Age with all possible speed.

Nobunaga has ordered Tanijiro to Hong Kong
recently in search of a magical katana. Eager
to prove himself worthy of Hakari's trust,
Tanijiro has every intention of locating
the weapon and delivering it, un-
sheathed, to his master.

Image: Tanijiro is a worried-
looking young Japanese man in
his mid-20s. He dresses in
dark-colored clothing, pre-
senting the appearance of
a street tough. His dark
hair is shaggy and un-
kempt; mirrorshades
conceal his haunted
eyes. His Crinos
and Lupus forms
display evidence
of his inner cor-

ruption; his dark \\ \\ "
fur, formerly sleek, WAS:
has become matted ®

and mangy, with
whole portions of bare
skin showing on his
back and legs. His
bones glow translu-
cently inside his skin
inall but his Homid form.
Roleplaying Hints:
Hakari took away your night-
mares and substituted his own.
You see millions drowning in a

great tidal wave of blood beneath a giant Sky Wheel that has
stopped its revolution at the nadir. Your master and his
undead armies are responsible for this monstrous vision, and
you, as his willing accomplice, share in the culpability for
bringing about the destruction of the world. Speak only in
dark, cryptic phrases. Appear full of menace, so that no one
notices the terror within your heart.

Home: Tanijiro now makes his home wherever he can
find a safe, dark hole in the backstreets of Hong Kong and
Kowloon.

Secrets: His corruption to the service of Oblivion is his
greatest secret.

Influence: Tanijiro has some command over the spirits
of the dead.

Position: Ronin
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge
Tribe: Hakken (Japanese Shadow Lord)
Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Conniver
Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4
(4/5/6/6), Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4
(3/1/1/1), Appearance 2 (1/0/1/1)
Mental: Perception 4,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 4, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 2, Primal-
© Urge2
Skills: Animal Ken 1,
Drive 1, Etiquette 3,
Firearms 1, Melee (katana) 4,
Leadership 1, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 3,
Linguistics 3, Occult
4, Rituals 4
Backgrounds:
Mentor
(Hakari) 4,
Resources
4
Gifts: (1)
*Bane
Protector,
*Blood
Omen, Fatal
Flaw, Persuasion, Spirit Speech
(2) Clap of Thunder, Command
Spirit, *Ears of the Bat, Sight from
Beyond, Staredown (3) Disquiet, Icy Chill of
Despair, Pulse of the Invisible

Yj A
vy

*These Gifts resemble the
Black Spiral Dancer Gifts found

e
e. 7 ww as YY Ye ae re eee Oh
106 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A __d4 _A4 A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

in Book of the Wyrm

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7

Rank: none (formerly 3)

Rites: Rite of Binding, Rite of Talisman Dedication,
Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Summoning, Rite of

the Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge

DAI YUN (DARK CLOUD)

Background: Storms of one kind or another have her-
alded every significant event in Dai Yun's life. She was born
during a typhoon that nearly destroyed the small fishing
village where her family eked out a precarious existence. Dai
Yun developed an angry, petulant nature that mirrored her
storm-tossed life.

When she was 14, a man wearing the elegant clothes of
an old-fashioned mandarin visited her village. He left a few
days later with Dai Yun and three other village girls. He told
them he was taking them to Hong Kong, where they would
learn to be amahs (nannies) for the children of the rich gweilo.
They would earn good money for their families and enjoy
luxuries they could not otherwise afford.

During the boat ride from the island of Peng Chau to the
main island, Dai Yun overheard a hushed conversation
between her mysterious benefactor and one of his crewmen.
Thus she discovered the true purpose for which she and the
other girls were intended — not the life of an amah, but that
of a prostitute. Dai Yun confronted the man, demanding that
he return her and her companions to their village. He
laughed at the young girl's impotent tirade and signaled lazily
to his crewmen to toss her overboard.

As soon as the water surrounded her, Dai Yun felt
strangely at peace. She noticed the sky darken with threat-
ening clouds. A minute or two later, when the boat was
nearly out of her sight, a bolt of jagged lightning struck the
craft, and split it in two. A great wind blew up around Dai
Yun and propelled her to dry land — dumping her on Hong
Kong's southwestern coast.

The storm increased in intensity and followed Dai Yun
onto the land. It also attracted the attention of one of the
local storm-spirits, who took the stranded girl in hand and
calmed the storm with a word. Dai Yun had found both a
mentor and her true nature, for Lin Meng — her rescuer —
recognized her as one of his own, a Heng Po or Storm Child.

Although Lin Meng has tried to curb her unruly charge
and teach her that storms need not always be destructive, Dai
Yun's natural proclivity toward pessimism makes this a
difficult task. Yun lives with her mentor not far from where
she washed up onto shore, but she travels into Hong Kong
frequently and loses herself among the teeming streets (them-
selves storms of a sort). She sometimes fashions beautiful
windchimes from detritus deposited by the sea and sells her
creations in the little shops that cater to the gweilo tourists.

When Yun's passions overwhelm her, she swims out into
coastal waters and calls up great swells, occasionally endan-
gering passenger boats and small commuter craft.

Yun has sensed a great storm brewing in the Xi Wang
Chi recently. Whether it presages disaster in the mortal
world or something far greater and more tempestuous, she
does not know. She expects the worst, however; after all, she
is a child born of bad weather and raging inner storms.

Image: Dai Yun's physical ap-
pearance mirrors her tempestuous
spirit. Although pretty, she rarely
smiles; her dark eyes smolder
with pent-up anger. She wears

peasant's clothes, which always
look slightly mussed. And
even when braided, her long
black hair is tangled and
wind-blown.

Roleplaying
Hints: You know
you are a Storm
Child, but some-
times knowing is
not enough. The
turmoil inside you
often grows be-
yond your ability to
control it, despite
your mentor's gentle
teachings and your own
meditation. The gweilo talk
about tempests in teapots;
that seems to describe you
perfectly.

Home: She lives with
Lin Meng in a small hut
nestled in a cove along the
western shore of Hong Kong
Island.

Secrets: None.

Influence: If the power
to call and direct storms is
"influence," Dai Yun has
plenty.

Court: Kura Sau
(Unseelie)

Legacies: Fatalist/
Wayfarer

Kith: Heng Po (Storm
Children)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity
4, Stamina 4

i i a. ai a a a a i a a a a! ee

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


yy SSQGrrFt eee eee ee eee eee

<=

ay

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3 SIMONE CARSWELD, "CHAIRMAN"

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Kenning 3

Background: One of the first women to graduate from
Radcliffe College (thus receiving the equivalent of a Harvard
Skills: Crafts (windchimes) 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4 education), Simone traveled to London to further her inter-

te ests in business. Although Carsweld was considered eccentric
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Linguistics 1, Mythlore 3, d fb ee | h +
Occult 2 an ee y fe e ac moguls of t e 1910s, her
Arts: Primal3, Wayfare 4, Weather Control 5 ect ie uneadt a oftia Syotiott EUG aa ae
Realms: Actor 2, Nature 4, Prop 3, Scene 4 Y ; . Y "

BSehoeddided bukshini 2. Manor itn Meng) 2. Awakened under their tutelage and has risen quickly to a
<i position of prestige within the organization.

: ee Ordered to sort out the Convention's interests in Hon
Chi: Pa (Banality/Yin) 5, Yugen (Gl Yang) 6 .
Nieteteton a a Sugar Glemaur'yang) Kong after the market collapse of 1987, Simone ac-
Willpower : cepted the challenge with confidence. Pearl

Paradigms was founded through her efforts and has

directed the flow of money and power in Hong
Kong ever since.

In addition to the shen, Hong Kong's abundance
of Chi attracts Awakened mortals. Technocracy and
Tradition mages alike find the atmosphere of this
global crossroads both invigorating and chal-
lenging. The Ascension war goes on in
boardrooms, back alleys, market-
places and temples, as each side tries
to align the forces of spiritual and
financial power to its ends.

Simone can look out over the harbor from
her penthouse office atop the PP building
and see the skyline of Kowloon and, be-
yond it, the landscape of China. Assured
by her superiors that the political changes
will not affect her position in Hong Kong, she
nevertheless keeps a wary lookout for indica-
tions to the contrary.

Image: Simone is nearing her cen-
tury mark, but she looks 35 due to the
ministrations of her Progenitor allies and
her own Life magicks. She dresses in
executive chic, wears her silvery-blond
hair in a short bob and uses make-up
sparingly. She exudes an aura of unmis-

takable power, so much so that the

predominantly male business world of
Hong Kongaccepts her presence among
them without thinking.

PEARL PARADIGMS (SYNDICATE
CONSTRUCT)

The elegant glass-and-steel
spiral building that is the head-
quarters for Pearl Paradigms rises
in the center of Hong Kong's fi-
nancial district. Ostensibly, a
marketing research enterprise
(though no one knows for cer-
tain what it markets), this
corporation houses a Syndi-
cate Construct dedicated to
nothing less than financial
control over Hong Kong.
Well before the changeover,
PP began soliciting invest-
ments from China and
insinuating itself into the
People's government. It ex-
pects to weather the change,
since no matter who con-
trols the reins of power, it is
the Syndicate that cracks the
whip.

Roleplaying Hints: Youno longer
have to prove yourself to anyone, but
old habits die hard. Operate from a
position of strength at all times; domi-
nate your subordinates and lovers by
force of will and personality. Never
give over control to another. Hong
Kong is your bailiwick, and you do
not allow anyone to take it from you
— not even the People's representa-

tive sent by the Asian arm of the
Syndicate to "facilitate" the admin-
istration of your organization.
Construct HQ: Pearl Paradigms
office building in Hong Kong's Cen-
f tral District

a iid
110

‘li Ea ll. ils ie. ails. iti Ais a Mi a a i a. a
HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A_A _ A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_ A _A_A_A

Secrets: Simone is aware of most large-scale (and many
small-scale) financial fluctuations in Hong Kong's economy.
As such, she has pinpointed the existence of many other
shen, through the strange financial eddies their doings create
in Hong Kong's economic current. If any shen were to
attempt an overt manipulation of mortal society, Simone
would be aware of it.

Influence: Simone enjoys great influence over the
economic fluctuations of Hong Kong.

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Visionary

Essence: Pattern

Convention: Syndicate

Methodology: Financiers

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Dodge 2, Expression
(motivational speeches) 4, Intimidation 3, Intuition 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Leadership 4,
Research 2, Stealth 2, Technology 3

Knowledges: Computer 3, Culture 2, Enigmas 3, Finance
5, Investigation 4, Law 4, Linguistics 3, Science
(Economics) 5

Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 3, Matter 4, Mind
4, Prime 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Avatar 4, Influence 5, Node
(Pearl Paradigms building) 4, Resources 5

Arete: 7

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 3

LORENCO GIL

Background: Born in the Portuguese colony of Macao,
Lorenco Gil showed an early aptitude for science, especially
biology. He was recommended by his elementary-school
teacher, who was a recruiter for the Progenitors, and Lorenco
received a scholarship to study bioengineering at Stanford
University. His advisor oversaw his Awakening and induc-
tion into the Progenitors.

Now assigned to Pearl Paradigms as Administrative
Vice President for Life Sciences R&D, Lorenco supervises
the various lines of "life-enhancement" products marketed
by the company. He also oversees anumber of secret projects.
His primary concerns include the development of a "clean
drug" for use in the selective sterilization of certain elements
of the population. Lorenco acquires many of his test subjects
from the local flesh-peddlers, who believe they are selling
their merchandise to a wealthy Macao businessman for his
personal and disposable entertainment. (In a way, his suppli-
ers are right.)

Lorenco's American education and exposure to the
west-coast lifestyle have left their mark on his off-duty
habits. He enjoys Hong Kong's nightlife, seeing it as the
perfect way to combine business with pleasure.

Lorenco Gil views the political changeover with mixed
feelings. On the one
hand, hehastaken
advantage of
Hong Kong's
free-market men-
talityandhighrate
of consumerism to
dispense his products
throughout the terri-
tory. He expects
repressive social mea-
sures to evolve as China
secures her grip on her
newest region, though.
This may produce a large
number of discontented
peopleseekingsome release
through easily accessible
"stress medications" and
"homeopathic tinc-
tures."

Lorenco's addi-
tional responsibility is
to maintain longevity
treatments for Pearl Para-
digms' upper echelons, all
of whom expect to survive
the 50-year grace period
China has granted Hong
Kong.

Image: Lorenco has olive-
colored skin and black, curly hair.
He dresses in conservative suits
for dealing with his peers within
the company, but he changes into
streetwear when he hits the streets
to conduct "field research." His
smile and studied geniality win him
many instant friends and ready
guinea pigs for his latest "feel-good"
medications.

Roleplaying Hints: Just because
you're out to save the world
doesn't mean you can't have a
good time doing it. Greet
strangers warmly, make eye
contact and win their trust. You

i a i a i a ll. i a a i i ae a cel a, se

J

~.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


»

never know how useful even casual acquaintances can be. It
always pays to have friends in high and low places.

Home: Lorenco keeps an apartment in the sublevels of
the Pearl Paradigms building so that he can be close to his
experimental subjects whenever necessary. He also has a
getaway home on the island of Lantau.

Secrets: He has "primed" his col-
leagues for future addiction to certain
behavior-modification drugs in case his
position in the organization ever war-
rants taking control of Pearl Paradigms.

Influence: Lorenco enjoys a fair
amount of prestige on the street; his research
has gained him several commendations within the
Progenitors.

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Questing

Convention: Progenitor
Methodology: Pharmacopeists
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4,
Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness
2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Instruction 3,
Intuition 2, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 2, Melee 3, Research 5,
Stealth 2, Technology 3
Knowledges: Computer 3,
Culture 2, Enigmas 4,
Investigation 4, Linguistics 3,
Medicine 5, Occult 1, Science
(pharmacology) 5

Spheres: Entropy 2, Life 4, Mind
3, Prime 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Contacts
5, Library 2, Resources 4

Arete: 5

Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 2

PAVITHRA ("PAVE") ADRI

Background: Pavithra arrived
from New Delhi with her parents
when she was seven. In spite of her
outgoing nature, Pavi discovered that
her Indian features isolated her from

F

A_A_dh A A _A A _A_ A A _A_A_A__A__A_A__A__A_A

the rest of her classmates. Ostracized by both Chinese and
Europeans, she grew introspective and spent most of her
after-school time reading books on philosophy and spiritual-
ity. The idea that she could escape from the confines of her
body through the practice of rigorous self-denial, fasting and
meditation appealed to her. By denying the existence of the
body that differentiated her from her Chinese and white-
skinned classmates, she gained some measure of control

over her unhappy circumstances.
Pavi's parents, who worked as medical tech-
" nicians at Queen Mary Hospital in Hong Kong,
ie were unaware of their daughter's unhappiness
until the child collapsed from self-imposed
malnutrition — anorexia. After a lengthy
hospital stay, Pavi returned home and re-
verted promptly to her pattern of nutritional
neglect — refusing to eat and subjecting
herself to a rigorous regimen of exercise.
This time her parents saw what was hap-
pening to their daughter and sent Pavi to
a rehabilitation center in the United

States.
| |

\J Pavi was assigned to Hong Kong to admin-
ister Pearl Paradigms' Division of Bionics
Interfacing; she has brought her department into the van-
guard of research in the fields of nanotechnology and

cybernetic implants. Her own body is living proof of the
success of her experimentation.

The Berkings Institution, which
specialized in the treatment of adoles-
cent physical and emotional disorders,

masked a recruiting arm for the Tech-
nocracy. Pavi's "doctors" discovered
and Awakened her Avatar; she joined
Iteration X, responding to the prom-
ise that, through advanced
biotechnology, she could succeed in her desire
to transcend the prison of her body.

Image: Those who describe Pavi as a mere shell of a
woman are not far from wrong. She has redesigned herself
from the inside out. She has replaced many of her vital organs
with cybernetic implants and controls her necessary bodily
functions through nanotech devices. She no longer eats,
sustaining herself on a daily intravenous infusion of
biochemical "soup" that supplies all her nutritional
requirements and needs no elimination. Pavi stands
just under five-feet tall and weighs less than 100

pounds; her dark hair is clipped close to her
skull, which gives her a ghostly appear-
| f ance. Her large dark eyes glow with a

fanatic's intensity when she works.

112

_wT Trlr wTrmUermhUCOrCrUC TCU TOrChUCUC CUCU CTLChUC1TDChU TCU VOhUCrhCULTlhUllhlUh

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A_& _A_A_A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Roleplaying Hints: Soon you will rid yourself of even
the most rudimentary trappings of the flesh. You hope to
provide the masses with the advantages you now have and
bring an end to all kinds of discrimination. If humans no
longer have to worry about physical differences, and if each
person exists as a collection of cybernetic and nanotech
interfaces, then the major reasons for conflict and prejudice
will disappear. Encourage others to stop concentrating on
such useless and divisive concerns as appearance, food, sex
and entertainment. The perfection of the form — no, the
elimination of the need for form — is all that matters.

Home: Pavi lives in her laboratory at Pearl Paradigms.

Secrets: None.

Influence: She enjoys the respect of her Iteration X
colleagues and has some standing in the local medical com-
munity.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Director

Essence: Primal

Convention: Iteration X

Methodology: BioMechanics

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Instruction 1
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Research 5, Stealth 1,
Technology 5

Knowledges: Computer 4, Enigmas 1, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 4, Occult 1, Science
(nanotechnology) 5

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 2, Forces 4, Life 2,
Matter 3, Mind 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 4, Library 2, Resources 4

Arete: 6

Willpower: 9

Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 3

NENG SHOU (CAPABLE LEADER)

Background: A recent addition to the administrative
level of Pearl Paradigms, Neng Shou represents the interests
of the Syndicate's Asian operations. He was recruited after
the Cultural Revolution and demonstrated a prodigious
grasp of mass marketing and the politics of indoctrination.
The Syndicate has nurtured his progress within the PRC,
ensuring his rise in journalistic circles and protecting him
when necessary from the vagaries of China's purges and
sweeping reforms.

The transfer of power in Hong Kong has placed the
Syndicate on a 50-year timetable in which to ensure that
their interests are protected adequately and that their poli-

cies are integrated into the new China. Pearl Paradigms is

their window onto the East and their foot in the door to the
world's largest concentration of human resources.

Neng Shou oversees the Media and Mass Marketing

Division of Pearl Paradigms; he handles

press releases and promotes the

various products offered by the

company. In addition, he acts

as a liaison between the

Chinese government and

Yew iweye'Ty ir. YY YY Se Yee Te ee

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

A _4 A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A

the company's non-Chinese upper management.

Although he appears to be a "team player," Neng Shou
secretly despises his superiors in the company. He believes
firmly that only Asians can adequately represent Asian
interests, and his long-term goal is to replace the upper
echelon of Pearl Paradigms with more suitable executives. In
this goal, Neng has the support of the Syndicate Board's
Asian Vice-President of Operations.

Image: Neng Shou dresses in business suits and affects
Western manners to increase his effectiveness in interacting
with his colleagues. When he conducts his unofficial opinion
"polls" in the streets, he transforms his appearance and

Paradox: 3

TRADITION MAGES

What few Tradition mages exist in Hong Kong belong
primarily to the Akashic Brotherhood. In addition, a couple
of Virtual Adepts have successfully established themselves in
the region's software and electronics industries.

LIAN TING (GRACE OF THE LOTUS)

Background: Lian Ting grew up among the boat people
of Yamatei Typhoon Shelter in Kowloon. Her older sister

actions by becoming more traditionally Chinese in his be-
havior.

disappeared into the brothels of Hong Kong. She had been

Roleplaying Hints: You are here to do a job — sell
| the people of Hong Kong on the new government and

prepare them for the changes that are scheduled for the
near future. Smile constantly; a friendly and open
| facade can do more to disable the opposition than 100

guns.

Home: Neng Shou has an apartment in the Pearl
Paradigms building, but he spends most of his time in
his Kowloon apartment, where he hasa direct line to his
superiors in Beijing.

Secrets: Although he supposedly works for
Carsweld, Shou actually reports directly to the Syndi-
cate Board.

Influence: Shou's control of marketing and public
relations gives him influence throughout much of the
Special Administrative Region of Hong Kong.
| Nature: Conniver

Demeanor: Gallant (
Essence: Dynamic

Convention: Syndicate

Methodology: Media Control

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge

yn

|

| 2, Expression (media speeches) 4, Instruction 4,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership
| 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4, Technology (media) 4
Knowledges: Computer 4, Culture 3, Enigmas 2,
Investigation 4, Linguistics 3, Science
(communications) 5
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Life 2, Mind 4, Prime
3, Time 3
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Contacts 5, Mentor 4,
Resources 5

| Arete: 6

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 7

e. wv VY oY Vs Vv se VY ee Ye oe oe
114 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A _4 _A _A _A_A_A _A_A _A __A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

sold by her father — she later learned — to the local triad
boss to pay back a debt. When she was 12, Lian Ting began
having dreams in which her sister cried out for her help and
urged her to "Wake up!" One such dream resulted in Lian's
true Awakening.

Shortly thereafter, a strange, forbidding man approached
Lian's father and offered to purchase her services. Having
already sold one daughter, her father did not hesitate to part
with another. Lian tried to flee her "owner," certain that she
would end up like her sister, but escape was impossible.
Although she ran from him as fast as she could, she could
never out-distance him. Exhausted, Lian Ting surrendered
finally to the inevitable.

Thus, she met her sifu and joined the brotherhood of
Akashic mages. Once she discovered the true purpose for
which she was intended, Lian Ting gave herself whole-
heartedly to the pursuit of perfection. She realized that the
dream-voice of her sister was actually that of her Avatar,
which had chosen to remind her of her duty to protect other
children from those who exploited their helplessness. Lian
became one of the Scales of the Dragon, who specialize in the
protection of women and children (particularly girl-chil-
dren).

Lian Ting frequently poses as a prostitute and seeks out
the worst offenders and abusers and corrects their behavior
— permanently. She has aroused the enmity of several
criminal groups, both Western and Eastern. As far as she is
concerned, her enemies are the symbols of her honor.

Image: Lian wears her long black hair tied out of the way
when she is not "working" her self-appointed rounds. On the
prowl, she dresses her part, but she prefers comfortable
clothing at other times. Her face is expressive, though she
often looks as though she is listening to something only she
can hear.

Roleplaying Hints: Long ago, you realized that when
your sifu "purchased" you from your father, he actually
bought your independence from your family, which freed you
to devote yourself to the work of self-perfection. Your chosen
path toward Ascension lies in restoring the imbalance cre-
ated by the deeds of evil men and the suffering of innocent
victims like your sister. Speak softly and provocatively to
your intended targets, then loosen the arrow of your retribu-
tion.

Chantry: A small temple off Upper Lascar Row in the
Sheung Wan section of Western.

Secrets: Lian is familiar with a great deal of Hong Kong's
underworld, including certain powerful Night People (Qian
Shi and Thrace) who manipulate the triads from behind the
scenes.

Influence: Her actions and words carry weight among
those she has helped.

Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Judge

Essence: Questing

Tradition: Akashic Brotherhood
Sect: Scales of the Dragon
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1 Awareness 2, Dodge 4,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Do 3, Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Cosmology 3, Culture 2, Enigmas 2,
Linguistics 1, Occult 3

Spheres: Entropy 1, Life 2, Mind 3, Prime 2, Spirit 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Destiny 2, Resources |

Arete: 6

Willpower: 9

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 2

KITO SULLIVAN

Background: Born in Los Angeles to an Irish father and
a Kenyan mother who were both students at UCLA, Kito
grew up in a nontraditional household. His extreme intelli-
gence and hyperactivity prompted his parents to enroll him
in a private school, which specialized in alternative methods
of education. This unstructured classroom environment fos-
tered rapid progress in his schoolwork; by the age of 12, Kito
was performing at a college level in math and science,
particularly in the field of computer studies.

At home, Kito's love for video and computer games
provided his parents with a ready-made baby-sitter; the boy
spent most of his evenings happily surfing the developing
Internet or embroiled in his latest "conquer the world/
planet/galaxy" game. Since his liberal parents refused to limit
his access to the Internet, Kito soon discovered areas of the
Net not commonly explored by the average computer jock.
Through contact with the Digital Web, Kito Awakened at
the age of 13, and he joined the Virtual Adepts without ever
leaving home.

Kito's mentor, a shadowy Net persona known as "Bud-
dha," advised him to go to Hong Kong to take advantage of
the technological discoveries going on in Asia. Furthermore,
Kito could keep an eye on the activities of the Technocracy
there, whose influence in China and Japan merited close
monitoring by someone with Kito's distinct capabilities.

Following Buddha's advice, Kito enrolled in Hong Kong
University; he graduated in two years with a degree in
computer science and launched his own small company,
Childplay Games, which specializes in computer and video
games designed to introduce young children to the joys of the
virtual world and, not incidentally, to Awaken any potential
mages who interact with his products.

ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee oe

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN


iy = A_A_d A _A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Ze
Although he spends much of his time designing inter- of their part in this "game." Although you prefer to spend
faces aimed at young minds, Kito keeps abreast of your time jacked in to the constant flow of information
| developments in the "real" world. He hopes to be able to available on the Digital Web (and its mundane counterpart),
remain in Hong Kong despite the changing politicalclimate, you take as many opportunities as you can to connect with
but he has begun seeking a back door out of the regionincase the other world. You also enjoy the nightlife and restaurants
| his presence becomes a problem. of Hong Kong and know the importance of feeding the body
Image: Kito's physical appearance combines the best _ as well as the mind.
i features of his Irish-African background. He is tall and slim, Unbeknownst to Kito, his presence has attracted the
| with green eyes, dark skin and strong, angular features. His notice — and the ire — of certain more traditionalist shen,
hairstyle changes on a whim, from red-dyed spikes to tradi- —_ including the Goblin Spider Qian Shi. The Iteration X mage
tional African braiding. Pavithra Adri has also become aware of Kito's existence; she
Roleplaying Hints: Children know instinctively that is evaluating whether the adolescent willworker is a threat
life is a game and that the stakes are the highest imaginable. _ best recruited or destroyed.

Your products serve to teach the young how to make the best Chantry: Kito's company headquarters on the outskirts
of Kowloon is situated on a Node. He has a small cottage on
Lantau Island and either commutes to work or telnets from
his home.

Secrets: If it can be accessed on the Net, Kito probably
knows it.

Influence: How much influence can a master hacker
have?
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Avant-Garde
Essence: Questing
Tradition: Virtual Adept
Legion: Cyberpunks
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Instruction 5,
Intuition 4
Skills: Drive 4, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2,
Research 4, Technology 4
Knowledges: Computer 5, Cosmology (Digital Web) 4,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Science (computer
science) 5
Spheres: Correspondence 3, Entropy 1, Forces 2, Life 2,
Mind 3, Prime 2, Spirit 1, Time 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Avatar 5, Mentor 3, Resources 5
Arete: 6
Willpower: 7
Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 4

DEMON AND DRAGON WIZARDS: THE WU-
NENG AND THE WU LUNG

The ironies of history place two warring Crafts in Hong
Kong, each ignorant of the other's presence. The Wu-Keng
are a sect of male wizards who assume the guise and role of
women to hide their presence from society at large and from
their enemies (the Wu Lung in particular). This sect fled

e. i i i ie, a a, Ol a i i, a a, a i i el
116 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A__A __A _A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A

persecution in mainland China long ago and sought refuge in
British-controlled Hong Kong. With the return of control to
mainland China, the Wu-Keng fear that they face a new era
of persecution.

The Wu Lung, or Dragon Wizards, exercised great
control over Chinese politics until the Japanese invasion of
the 1930s. Removing themselves to safety in Hong Kong,
they plan for the day when they can retake the mainland and
reestablish themselves at the side of its rulers. For the time
being, they exercise their elaborate political aspirations
from the shadows.

The Book of Crafts contains detailed informa-
tion about both of these ancient and opposed magical
societies.

JEPA(LUCKY FLOWER)

Background: Raised since infancy by
her Ng (family) of sister-wizards, Ji Pa now
serves as one of the three a-jis (or aunts)
who performs their assigned duties for the
spirit-masters who give them their magi-
cal abilities. Disguised as one of the
thousands of street vendors who hawk their
wares daily, Ji Pa pushes her food cart
through the streets of Wanchai, her senses
constantly alert to the people around her.

Because she has known no other way
of life, Ji Pa feels comfortable with the
inherent contradictions of her existence
as a woman's spirit inside a man's body
costumed in women's attire. (She did
not even discover that she was techni-
cally a "man" until an anatomy
textbook called it to her attention.)
Knowing only that she belongs to an
ancient school of wizards who tradi-
tionally conceal their identities
through masking their gender, Ji Pa
accepts the stringent rules under
which she lives and obeys her a-ma
(the head of her Ng) without ques-
tion, and she carries out the
assignments given to her by the
spirit to which she is bound. Like
all but the most powerful Wu-Keng,
Ji Pa remains unaware of the de-
monic nature of her Yama King
spirit-master.

Through her influence over
a local triad boss who visits her
food cart daily and receives
(along with his lunch) advice

and counsel in return for information, Ji Pa exercises control
over much of the local protection racket in her part of town.
The tasks given to her by her spirit-master take her from her
comfortable routine occasionally; these duties tax her usual
peaceful nature and require her to assassinate or bring tor-
ment to someone that the spirit desires punished. Not daring
to question the intricate designs of the spirit worlds, Ji Pa
simply accedes to her master's wishes and then returns to her
hidden existence.
Image: Ji Pa appears as a middle-aged peasant woman
with bound feet and a weathered, friendly face. Within
the safety of her Ng, however, she dresses more
elegantly, dropping 10 years of false age in the
process.
Roleplaying Hints: Smile and nod as you
bargain with customers. Save your advice for your
Ng. Listen to all that goes on around you so that
you can share your information with the others
in your Ng.
Secrets: Ji Pa's existence is her biggest
secret.

Influence: Through her Neg, Ji Pa's in-
fluence stretches throughout the lower
echelons of Wanchai. She serves the Yama

King Mikaboshi, who is engaged in an elabo-
rate contest with the demon-queen Tou Mu.
When the contest spills over into the gameboard

of Hong Kong (as it inevitably will), Ji Pa will
be a useful and powerful pawn.

Nature: Autist

Demeanor: Conformist

Essence: Pattern

Craft: Wu-Keng
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4,

Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 1, Melee 2, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Science

(toxicology) 2
Spheres: Entropy 2, Life 2, Matter 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Avatar 1,

Resources |

Arete: 2
Willpower: 6
Quintessence: 7

Paradox: 2

7. oe TY Ve ow VW 6 OU Ue Ue le. ee

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

<€

ay

II

Mh

A,

wu
:
wl


_A__A__A_A

A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A)_

MING HU (BRIGHT TIGER)

| Background: Ming Hu's parents raised him in a tradi-
tional Chinese household and never let him forget the
ancient and mighty culture from which he descended. The
boy grew up venerating his ancestors and petitioning the
Celestial Bureaucracy for everything from good luck at the
; races to better grades on his exams. Despite all this, the
modern world just outside his door attracted Ming Hu. Like
| many Hong Kong natives, he soon learned to juggle his
parents' teachings with the lure of bright lights, the club
scene, high-tech gadgetry and, above all, the movies.
The first time Hu saw a film crew set up in the
back streets of Wanchai, he was hooked. The excite-
ment of seeing famous actors in the flesh and of
watching stuntmen perform impossible feats, the
| rolling cameras and the harried directors — these
things stayed with him for days afterward.
| Finally, Ming Hu approached the offices of
| Joyful Thunder Films and asked for an
audition. He was turned down, but he
tried again — and again — and again,
| until he got his wish.
Although he lacked the martial skills
of the industry's most popular actors, Ming
|

Hu's good looks and engaging persistence
translated well onto celluloid, and he landed
a few small roles (usually involving early
deaths). It was enough to keep him hungry
for more.

Then the dreams began. Hu's dead
grandfather appeared to him in a succes-
sion of cinematic dreams, urging him to
follow the path set out for him long before

| his birth and showing him a vision of a
small herbalist's shop. When he spoke to
his parents about these disturbingly real
dreams, his father simply said, "Follow them."

The next evening, Ming Hu let his dream-
grandfather lead him through the back streets of
Wanchai to the door of the herbalist's shop. Hu
knew exactly where to go when he woke. His
introduction to the world of Wu Lung magic was
complete.

through the rigorous training demanded of all Wu
Lung initiates. Asa follower of the Tiger School, he
received mandatory training in the Kuei Lung
Chan, the specialized martial-arts form of the Wu
Lung. He has also gotten lead roles in Joyful
Thunder's latest films.

Although Ming Hu has come into conflict
with some of the elder wizards who scorn his

| Ming Hu has progressed quickly since then
|
| deplorable attraction to the modern world,

y Roleplaying Hints: Pay proper respect to your
magic, your ancestors and your traditions, but re-
member that the Cycle goes forward, not
backward. The time for battle approaches, you
are told, and you are ready and trained to
participate in it. In the meantime, there are
things to do, people to see, and a movie career
in the making.
Secrets: None.
Influence: Ming Hu has built up a small,
but avid, fan following.
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Essence: Dynamic
Craft: Wu Lung (Tiger School)

he has convinced even the most vocal of his critics that he
still honors the traditions and venerates the ancestors who
provide him with his magics.

The transfer of power in Hong Kong, according to Ming
Hu's superiors, means that the time is nearing when the Wu
Lung can one day assume their rightful position as advisors to
the Chinese government. According to them, the day of the
rabble's rule will soon come to an end, and Hong Kong will
show China the way home. Ming Hu tries to convince
himself of his dedication to that end, but there is always the
next film, the next moment in the spotlight...

Image: Ming Hu wears his dark hair long and tied
back at the neck. When he is at home or studying with
his master, he dresses in traditional clothing. On the
streets, he is no different than millions of other mod-
ern Chinese young men. His manner is always pleasant,
if sometimes a little pushy, and his smile is infectious.

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina

4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2,

Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Dodge 3,
Expression (acting) 2
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Martial
Arts 4, Melee 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Cosmology (Chinese) 4, Culture
(Chinese) 3, Linguistics 2, Science (film) 1
Spheres: Correspondence 1, Forces 2, Spirit 2

Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Resources 2
Arete: 3
Willpower: 6

| Quintessence: 6

il Paradox: 5

i, i i i i, a i i a al a el el a ce a a

116 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

NEPHANDI

Some mages fall from grace. Hong Kong provides them
with a fertile environment in which to describe the arc of
their plummet. Unlike the Wu-Keng, who typically do not
realize the nature of their corruption, the mages who will-
ingly compact with infernal masters form a dangerous,
unpredictable component to the progression of the Great

Cycle.

RU MANG (LIKE BRILLIANT LIGHT)

Background: Even as a child, Ru
Mang was attracted by death. His father
worked as a caretaker for the Chinese
cemetery in Chaiwan, and Ru Mang
assisted the old man in tending
the graves. He loved attend-
ing the elaborate funerals
and participating in the <
holidays that commemo-
rated the dead.

His fascination
with death and its trap-
pings drew the attention
of a visiting Euthanatos
mage, who struck up a
conversation with Ru
Mangand detected the
boy's latent Avatar.
The mage decided to
prolong his stay in
Hong Kong and cul-
tivate the child. He
oversaw Ru Mang's
Agama Te (or death
journey), which Awak-
ened the boy's Avatar.

KD }
QW

ittian

ocLImmOrsecunanss

BHT

le

¥ pied

Ru Mang's instruction in the ways
of the Euthanatos Tradition had barely
begun when joss intervened. His master
died suddenly and under mysterious cir-
cumstances; his body was never
recovered. Upon receiving the news of
his master's loss, a desolate Ru Mang
held his own private ceremony in the
center of "his" cemetery. He placed
himself in a trance and attempted to
summon the spirit of his teacher.

ah

<

Something answered Ru
Mang's call — something that
claimed to be the spirit of his de-
parted mentor. He joyfully accepted

the spirit's offer to continue his teaching from beyond the
grave, and thus, without realizing it, Ru Mang had joined the
ranks of the Nephandi.

Now, nearly 50 years later, Ru Mang fully understands
the nature of the mistress he serves and accepts his fate with
more than simple resignation. If anything, his interest in
death has led him to an active participation in his demon-
mistress's
design. Ru Mang
works diligently to

grand

bring about the
coming of the Sixth
Age, knowing that
the terror and blood-
shed it will unleash
can only help provide
his mistress with many souls.
From his hidden base of op-
erations on a small, apparently

the New Territories, Ru Mang sends
4 out feelers throughout Hong Kong
(and mainland China). He has con-
§ structedatemple to his Yama Queen,
disguising it as a shrine to one of the
many Chinese gods of death. Posing
as a priest and teacher, he runs a
clandestine school that indoctrinates
others to the service of the demon.

Ru Mang's necromantic experiments have attracted
the attention of numerous shen, but so far, they have
proved unable or unwilling to divert their energies to
stopping his intrusion on their territories. In particular, the
Dark Kingdom of Jade views him as a dangerous foe, but
one to be avoided rather than confronted.

Image: Ru Mang has transformed himself into the
image of a walking corpse by altering his skin to a deathlike
pallor and crafting his flesh so that his bones show through
in strategic places. He dresses in elaborate robes marked
with symbols honoring his master. When he appears in
public or conducts classes for his acolytes, he dons a formal
mask to conceal his true face.

Roleplaying Hints: The only interesting thing about
living is that it results in dying. Your mistress has made
this fact clear to you. Your purpose is to bring as many

people to the other side of life as possible, so that your
mistress's armies may grow strong. Of course, you are
not above building up your own forces as well.

J

Home: Ru Mang resides on a small island,
where he operates a temple and school.
His private quarters consist of an under-
ground series of chambers.

uninhabited island off the coast of

v

, vv wv ww of UF
CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

—
119

Mh

——— —

ba


Ze

A _&4 _A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Secrets: He secretly conducts experiments in the reani-
mation of corpses. Following successful reanimation, Ru
Mang uses the zombies as personal attendants and couriers.

Influence: His influence extends over many of Hong

Kong's deceased population, which results in the denial of

many souls to the Dark Kingdom. He serves Tou Mu, a
monstrous Yama Queen who rules the Hell of Being Skinned
Alive; Ru Mang is one of her favorite pets and a vital
component of her Hong Kong plans.

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Caregiver

Essence: Pattern

Tradition: Euthanatos barabbi

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Instruction 2, Intimidation 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Stealth 4,
Torture 4

Knowledges: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 3, Linguistics 3,
Occult 5, Spirit Lore 4, Science (embalming) 5

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 3, Life 2, Prime 3, Spirit 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Mentor (Tou Mu) 5, Resources 4
Arete: 6

Willpower: 7

Quintessence: 5

Paradox: 4

THE REBORN

Perhaps the rarest of supernaturals are the ancient
beings known in popular myth as "mummies." Though most
of these creatures have their origins in ancient Egypt, as
servants/ambassadors of the "god" Horus, a few have arisen
through other means.

Hong Kong hosts a pair of these immortals. Although
naturally reclusive and noninterventionist, they may soon
discover that the changes sweeping the former British colony
demand their attention.

MICHAELA NEFF SHEMSU-HERU VIZIER OF ASIA

Background: In the days when Egypt's power spread far
beyond its own borders, Merit-neferu and her husband,
Horem-rebket, made their fortunes as merchants. Their
lucrative caravans and sailing expeditions carried rare spices,
precious woods, fine dyes and other precious commodities
back and forth throughout the known world, always at a
profit. Numerous and generous were their gifts to the Pha-
raoh and his ministers; thus, the unexpected and untimely
death of Horem-rebket resulted in great funerary honors
bestowed upon him by the Royal Court of Egypt.

After her husband's death, Merit-neferu refused several
offers of marriage, vowing to continue her husband's business
as though he were still alive. Her shrewd intuition and quick
intelligence soon doubled the enterprise's profits. She con-
tinued the practice of making large donations (above and
beyond any taxes) to the Pharaoh.

Merit-neferu's devotion to her husband's memory and
to her Pharaoh did not go unnoticed by the Cult of Isis, who
offered her immortality in return for her service to their
cause. Already in her middle years, Merit-neferu decided to

-_\
120

i i iil ai. cl ai. ai ai, i a i, li a. i i ee el ae

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

accept their offer — believing that it would give her the
chance to search in both the lands of the living and the dead
for any trace of her husband's soul. Thus, a simple (and
extravagantly rich) merchant woman joined the ranks of the
Shemsu-heru and became one of the Reborn.

Through all her subsequent lives, Merit-neferu has al-
ways plied her trade, even when it meant defying convention
or working behind the scenes. She has amassed great wealth
in every instance.

When the British established the Crown Colony of Hong
Kong asa center for world trade in the East and thus opened the
doorway to China, the appointment of Merit-neferu as Asia's
vizier seemed particularly appropriate. She has occupied that
position, under a variety of names, since 1901.

Currently calling herself Michaela Neff, Merit-neferu
keeps track of the changing political climate in Hong Kong.
While she has no political loyalties, she does monitor care-
fully the actions taken by Hong Kong's new government.
Though she does not fear death, Michaela does exercise great
caution and circumspection in her activities, realizing that
she cannot afford an unplanned interruption in her duties
during this critical period of world history.

She has discovered some ancient writings recently that
hint of the existence of uniquely Asian mummies, whose
immortality derives from a process similar to the Great Rite
that creates the Shemsu-heru. Locating one of these crea-
tures has become her primary pastime.

Image: Michaela is an attractive woman in her mid-40s,
with olive-colored skin and lustrous dark hair. Her features
are Middle Eastern, though not obviously Egyptian. She
wears modern dress, although she adorns herself with antique
jewelry occasionally.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite no success in your searching,
you refuse to give up the hope of locating some vestige of your
husband's soul — either in some reincarnation or as a shade in
the lands of the dead. You keep busy in the meantime with the
task of serving as one of Horus' surrogate eyes. Stay in the
background, lest you draw unwanted attention to yourself. Rely
on your retainers, servants, and various news services and local
information sources to alert you to anything of true importance.

Secrets: Michaela has reason to believe that one of her
Asian counterparts dwells on one of the many islands —
possibly Lantau — that make up Hong Kong.

Influence: Her investments give her some influence
over Hong Kong's finances.

Known Name: Merit-neferu

True Name: An-merit-nefer-katseru,
Nature: Director

Demeanor: Loner

Occupation: Merchant

Year of Birth: 380 B.C.E.

First Death: 340 B.C.E.

Apparent Age: 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise
3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Bribery 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Fast-Talk 3,
Firearms 2, Haggling 4, Melee 2, Repair 3

Knowledges: Accounting 4, Bureaucracy 3, Computer 2,
Finance 5, Linguistics 3, Mythology 2, Occult 3, Politics 4
Hekau Paths: Alchemy 3, Amulets 2, Necromancy 2, Ushabti 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Journal 2, Resources 5,
Retainers 2, Tomb 2

Virtues: Memory 3, Integrity 4, Joy 3

Willpower: 7

Humanity: 7

Sekhem: 6

Ba: 5

Ka: 6

NIAN SHUN (UNHINDERED AGES)

Background: An early follower of Lao-tzu, Nian Shun (not
his original name) sought incessantly for the perfect balance of
the Tao. It always defeated him for one reason — the nature of
suffering. No matter how he sought to accept the existence of
pain and sorrow, Nian Shun could nothelp but weep at the sight
of anyone so afflicted. Even the just torture and execution of
hardened criminals moved him to tears.

He sought to cope with the fact of suffering by inflicting
pain and hardship upon himself in order to inure himself to its
effects. This method failed, so Shun sought to avoid the sight of
pain, wandering throughout the Middle Kingdom's most iso-
lated and desolate places. This, too, brought home to Nian Shun
only the knowledge that others outside his immediate awareness
were undergoing tribulations and grief. Finally, he sought to do
everything within his means to alleviate pain; he studied the
human body and the ways of healing.

This path brought Shun to the attention of Lung Li, a
traveling alchemist and one of a small group of self-created
immortals. Seeing in Nian Shun a great reservoir of Chi as
well as asleeping Enlightened One (Avatar), Lung Li offered
to take Nian Shun on as an apprentice and teach him how to
make potions and elixirs of a magical nature in order to effect
true healing of body and mind.

Nian Shun proved to be an eager and rapid learner, and
his master gave him a choice: Lung Li could attempt to
Awaken his student's inner sleeper, thus making him a
worker of true magick, or else he could gift Shun with the
means for immortality. Nian Shun spent two years pondering
his choice, during which time he continued to travel and
study with his master.

Finally, he decided that immortality would lead him
closer to his goal of alleviating suffering, for it would give him
more time to explore the means of solving the eternal
dilemma. Asa believer in the Great Wheel of the Ages, Nian

+ oY TC Te Oe Te Te oe ee Oe oe eee ee eee

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN

nal

I

2

I

we


Ze

aa;
Ue,

a Gane
122

A_d4 _A A A _A _A_A

A_A_A _ A A A A _A_A_A_A

Shun also reasoned that as the Great Wheel turned from
cycle to cycle, each worse than the previous one, so, too,
would suffering increase. He wanted to witness each turn and
do whatever he could to ease the pain of as many innocents
as possible.

Lung Li taught Nian Shun how to prepare and imbibe
the elixirs of extended life, and he attended the consumma-
tion of his rite of transformation into one of the Immortals.
Nian Shun has never ceased his wanderings in the centu-
ries since that time. Although Shun still studies new
ways to ease the pain of humankind, he has begun to
realize that his search for an end to suffering is a futile
one. To mask his failure and to keep from inflicting his
own inner pain on those he meets, Shun has cultivated
an outwardly lighthearted facade. He masks his
sorrow in laughter and uses humor to leaven
his often bitter observations.

Nian Shun has retreated to the island
of Lantau, where he lives near the Po Lin
Monastery and is often mistaken for one of
its monks. Dwelling mostly in seclusion,
Shun prepares to witness the end of the
Fifth Age and the beginning of the Age of
Sorrow. At that time, he reasons, he will
either find the answer to his lifelong quest
or else give in to despair and imbibe his
latest magical creation, the Elixir of Bliss-
ful Oblivion.

Image: Nian Shun resembles a men-
dicant monk, with a bald head and a
wispy white beard. His bright, youthful
eyes and ready smile give his face an
ageless expression, which makes it diffi-
cult to guess how old (or young) he truly
is.

Roleplaying Hints: Laugh so that
others may not see your tears; they are too
busy dealing with their own sorrows to be
burdened with yours. Help anyone who is in
need of healing, whether physical, mental or
emotional. You live in isolation now, but you
turn no one away who seeks you out for some
good purpose.

Secrets: Nian Shun can sense the pres-
ence of a powerful magickal artifact somewhere
within the vicinity of Hong Kong Island.

Influence: The Celestial Courts are very
interested in Nian Shun, though he does not
know it.

Notes: The magical figures Nian Shun fashions through
the use of Ushabti are actually intricate jade or origami
likenesses. His Ren (name magic) can affect entire families
rather than individuals.

Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Jester
Year of Birth: 550B.C.E.
Year of Transformation: 500 B.C.E.

Apparent Age: 50s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2,

Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Awareness 2,
Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 5
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts (origami)
5, Meditation 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Cosmology (Chinese)
4, Enigmas 4, Linguistics 4,
Medicine (holistic) 5, Occult 4,
Science 3

(Hekau) Paths: Alchemy 7,
Amulets 4, Necromancy 3, Ren-
Hekau 4, Ushabti 4

Backgrounds: Journal 4, Mentor 3
Virtues: Memory 5, Integrity 5, Joy
2

Willpower: 9

Humanity: 9

Chi (Sekhem):8

Ba: 6

Ka: 4

"age?

The brotherhood of witch-hunters
knownas the Shih have agents seeded through-
out the Middle Kingdom. Although they do not
always actively pursue every bit of supernatural
evidence, they keep an eye on the movements of
the shenandare quick to intervene when the more
than human creatures take advantage of mortals.
The Shih are protectors of humanity, and, as such,
are capable of extremes of kindness and impla-
cable cruelty.

REN WEL (BENEVOLENT STRENGTH)

Background: Ren Wei remembers little of his
childhood before the great nightmare that destroyed
his family. There was a time, he believes, when his
life differed little from that of his neighbors in
Hong Kong's Wanchai district. Then the

‘ad = time of blood and screaming happened.

» ie, ie ie ae, Sama A
HONG KONG BY NIGHT

.. . VS Ye ee

A__A A A A A A A __A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A

Huddled in a tiny closet where his mother had stashed him in
haste, Ren Wei can recall only waves of darkness and terror,
sounds of screaming and pleading. Then there was only silence
and the overpowering smell of blood and, later, decay.

When the boy was discovered by the police after three days
of unmitigated fright, he was nearly dead from dehydration.
Instead of being placed in an orphanage, Ren Wei was adopted
almost immediately by a tall, thin stranger who took him to a
small hidden monastery on an "uninhabited" island south of
Lantau. Under the relentless tutelage of his adopted "father,"
Wei spent the next 20 years studying the perfection of mind and
body practiced by the Shih.

From his teacher, Wei learned the true (or most likely)
story behind his early trauma. His family had been victims of
an enraged and mindless flesh-eater — a chih-mei. Arriving
on the heels of the official investigators (who never solved
the apparent gang-style murders), the veteran witch-hunter
had tracked down the guilty creature and destroyed it; that
done, Ren Wei claimed the young survivor as his own.

Since completing his training, Wei has returned to
Hong Kong Island and spends his time searching for traces of
supernatural activity (usually, he doesn't have to look very
hard). Unlike the majority of Hong Kong's residents, Wei
does not discreetly look the other way when confronted by
evidence of the shen. He seeks out the shen and destroys them.

Although his teacher warned him that not all supernatural
creatures merit extermination, Wei finds the concept hard to
grasp. He has yet to meet a shen worth sparing; he believes that
all the "good" ones abandoned the world long ago. The ones that
remain do so in anticipation of the coming feast of blood and
savagery that will signify the arrival of the Sixth Age.

Image: Ren Wei's body is lean and hard, schooled by years
of rigorous discipline. He dresses in casual, loose-fitting clothes,
usually favoring dark colors. His shoulder-length hair makes
him look like a student, and he does little to disabuse others of
the notion. His face typically assumes a guarded expression,
rarely betraying any emotions.

Roleplaying Hints: Your mentor took upon himself the
burden of avenging your family; now you must avenge the
families of others who have fallen prey to forces beyond their
control. You do not seek out the shen actively, but when they
bring their brutal ways to your attention, you follow their trail
until you find your quarry. Then you destroy it without mercy —
and without emotion.

Home: Wei keeps a small basement apartment near
Hong Kong University.

Secrets: He knows more than any mortal should know
about the ways of the shen; his knowledge of specifics,
however, is spotty.

Influence: Ren Wei deliberately avoids entanglements
of any kind.

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4 %
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 4, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, |
Martial Arts 4, Melee 4, Stealth

4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Investigation
2, Linguistics 1, Occult 4
Backgrounds: Mentor 2,
Resources 1

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang
4

Soul Virtues: Hun
4,P'ol
Willpower: 10

ee Se eee oe ee ee ee ee ee eee ee ee ee

CHAPTER FOUR: THE SPIRITS' CHILDREN 12

y

WY



A_4 A A A A A A A _A_A__A_A__A__A_A_A_A_A

CHATTER FIVE:

DRAGON OF THE NIGHT:
A STORY FOR HONG KONG

a Storyteller without a framework in which all these ele-
ments can come together. Dragon of the Night, a story set in
Hong Kong, provides just such a vehicle for Hong Kong-
based characters to explore the varied locales and encounter
\) many of the personalities described in this supplement.

|
History, geography and people — all these are useless to

Storytellers need not feel bound by the strictures of the plot;
i they can change any or all of the story to suit their players'

wishes or their own vision.

STORY SYNOPSIS

A wondrous magical weapon, a katana originating in the
Fourth Age, has arrived in Hong Kong. The shen, who are
attuned to such things, sense its presence, which prompts a

seek the enchanted blade. The sword has its own agenda,
though: It contains the spirit of its maker, an evil master
swordsmith, and thus, it has plans of its own.

The characters become involved in the machinations of
the sword and with the various factions who seek control of
it. In the beginning, the characters seem to be pawns in the
plans of others; later, as they discover more about the sword
and those who desire to own it, they can formulate their own
= opinions and take charge of their fate.

1 afi. Si |

scramble among several supernatural factions, all of whom
|
|

~. . VY. YY iY oY YY oY YY YY UYU = ee
CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG 12


A __A _A A _A__A__A__A__A__A A _A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A

y=

Ze
MOOD

Hong Kong acts as a repository for the weird and the
wonderful. Its crowded streets, wilderness regions, and many,
many magical places hold a treasure trove of secrets. Even
seemingly normal encounters often contain elements of
strangeness or outright eerieness. Characters should feel
caught up in the interplay of cosmic forces, tossed headlong
into a cacophony of sights and sounds calculated to throw
them off balance. Suspension of disbelief is an everyday
occurrence in Hong Kong.

THEMES

Four interweaving themes form the story's subtext. The
first involves the phenomenon of contiguity: Everything
touches everything else. All things are related in one way or
another. Actions have consequences that lead to further
actions in an ever-widening circle (or, for the linear-minded,
an ever-lengthening chain of events).

The second theme involves the importance of main-
taining the cosmic balance. The cursed katana has upset

grossly the delicate harmony in the region, overwhelming
the Middle Kingdom and forcing the Wheel of Ages into

overdrive. In order to preserve the cosmic scheme of things,
the balance must be restored — or else dire consequences
ensue.

The third theme involves the viewing of existence as a
test of moral character. The events each individual faces in
her lifetime (whether natural or supernatural life) test her
mettle. Just as fire and water temper a fine blade, so do
personal challenges and problems help perfect those who
overcome them. Failure teaches a lesson, though frequently
a harsh one.

Finally, the unpredictability of joss forms an ongoing
pattern throughout the story. Again and again, characters
must risk themselves (or others) in order to grapple with the
problems they face. Whether they succeed or fail is in the
hands of fortune.

THETROUPE

While the story assumes that most characters are Kuei-
jin of one faction or another (or that a group includes at least
one Kuei-jin character), the plot can accommodate any
number of permutations. With some modifications, a Story-
teller can adjust the story for troupes of shapechangers,

C= " " VvVV ww" ¥ 7 + ¥ ¥"Y VY + VY Vo YY
126 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A_iA A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

wraiths, spirit-folk (Eastern changelings), or mages (both
Tradition and Technocracy). It is also possible to adapt the
story for Western supernaturals — Kindred, Sabbat vam-
pires, Garou (including Black Spiral Dancers), Stygian
wraiths, Seelie or Unseelie changelings, and non-Asian
mages. With more dramatic changes, weaker characters such
as ghouls, Kinfolk, mediums, consors, Enchanted mortals,
and hunters can become involved in the story's events.

THE LEGEND BEHIND THE STORY: THE
SWORDS OF ISAMU

Japanese legends from the time of the Kamakura
Shogunate tell of the swordsmith Isamu Harujiro, who was
supreme among artisans for the superb quality of his blades.
So finely balanced and harmonious to the eye were the
swords of Isamu that the kami themselves desired them;
taking the form of mortals, they left their spirit dwellings and
traveled to Isamu's home to request his wondrous swords.
They brought a great store of gems and fine jade ornaments
with them to present to Isamu as payment for his good work.

Atfirst, Isamu considered himself honored to have such
illustrious and noble petitioners (for he did not recognize the
heavenly beings in their mortal guises). But, he grew angry
when he heard their demands, for these wealthy clients not
only ordered that he make their blades from the finest
materials, with hilts of precious jade, but they also required
him to destroy the blades after their making. Having made
their wishes known, the kami departed the world and re-
turned to their homes to await the arrival (through
destruction) of their swords.

Isamu found himself in a difficult position: His patrons
were obviously gentlemen of means and status, but the
thought of destroying his perfect blades was unthinkable. He
conceived a plan, believing that he could outwit his noble
customers and still garner their acclaim.

Per their instructions, Isamu labored for three years to
forge seven blades. When his work was completed, he la-
bored another 10 days to craft seven false blades — hastily
made copies of the originals. He took these false blades with
him on his journey to the mountain that his patrons had
designated as the place of delivery and destruction. There,
they had told him, he would find a fiery pool. Isamu was to
drop the swords one by one into the pool, whose heat would
melt and destroy them utterly.

Isamu did just that, but the blades he consigned to fiery
oblivion were the seven false blades. Satisfied that he had
met his patrons' requirements —

for how could they know which blades were destroyed
after the deed was done? — Isamu returned to his home.

When the blades arrived in the spirit worlds, the kami
were furious. These were not the elegant weapons they had
requested, but inferior toys that broke as soon as they were
used. They all placed a curse on Isamu together. His blades
would continue to be balanced to perfection; their edges
would retain their keenness; their appearance would delight
the eyes of all who saw them — but each sword he made
would hereafter bear a curse. Additionally, the kami sent
lightning and great typhoons to plague Isamu, until the
blades they had commissioned were destroyed by the ele-
ments' anger.

This would be a cautionary tale intended to warn mor-
tals of trying to deceive the gods if the story ended here, with
Isamu contrite and ruined by his pride and duplicity. But
there is more to the legend.

Isamu Harujiro grew yet more prideful and arrogant
despite the curses placed upon his work. He used his blades
as instruments of vengeance, giving them as presents to
unsuspecting nobles and samurai, then watching from the
sidelines as the curses ruined the wielders. An evil spirit grew
within Isamu, urging him to commit even more heinous acts.
He learned finally that dark magics enabled him to direct the
specific nature of each curse — so that one blade could not
return to its sheath without drawing blood, while another
required the sacrifice of a loved one's finger or toe each time
it left its sheath.

Of all his swords, Isamu's masterpiece — made for his
personal use — was a flawless katana, which he named
Tatsuko Sayo (Dragon of the Night). Using his mightiest
magic, Isamu crafted a piece of his P'o into the blade and
invested it with a special curse: Once drawn, Tatsuko Sayo
could not be sheathed unless it drank the blood of a shen.
With this weapon, Isamu Harujiro declared war on the spirit
worlds.

Thus began the period known to the shen as the 4,000
Nights of Unending Sorrow, when many wise and gentle
spirits (and an equal number of malicious and stupid ones)
fell to Dragon of the Night. The spirit worlds shook with
anger at Isamu's offenses and sent their own champion, the
great spirit warrior Ishitaro, the Stone's Child, to slay the
master swordsmith.

A great battle ensued, resulting in the deaths of both
Ishitaro and Isamu. Because of this melee, there was no one
left to claim the cursed blade of Isamu, and Dragon of the
Night disappeared.

The spirit of Isamu Harujiro entered the Dark Kingdom
of Jade. There he underwent many torments before coming
to the attention of the Jade Emperor, who had heard of the
swordmaster and his shen-slayer sword and coveted Dragon of
the Night for himself; he had the tortured wraith brought
before him and commanded him to reveal the location of the

\\

* ve °F oF oY °Y oY Y oY OY TY TY Se SY SY oY mY ee oF

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

wat

|
:
|
|
|
e
12

A_A__A_A _A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A__A_A_A_A

sword in the Middle Kingdom. The Jade Emperor promised
Harujiro an honored place in his palace if he cooperated, and
then he threatened an eternity of agony if he refused.

Harujiro pretended to agree but secretly determined
that none but himself would ever possess his sword — his
greatest and most powerful Fetter in the world of the living.
Isamu alone knew where the sword had fallen into hiding,
and he alone could retrieve it. By the force of his will (and his
angry P'o), Isamu Harujiro escaped the Dark Kingdom of
Jade and returned to his own body — not as one of the Kuei-
jin, but as a Risen wraith.

His arrival in the Middle Kingdom provoked a storm of
fury among the shen, who sensed his return and sought out
Shizuko Kokoshin, mightiest of the Shih demon hunters, at
great risk to themselves. Though Shizuko despised most shen,
he agreed to a temporary truce and set about tracking down
the Risen monster. Isamu did not even have time to recover
Dragon of the Night before he fell to the whirling blades and
potent Chi powers of Shizuko Kokoshin. The swordmaster's
Hun fell once more into the Yin World, where the winds of
the Tempest ripped it to shreds, casting it into Nothingness.

THE UNTOLD LEGEND

For those who still remember the story of the Wonderful
and Terrible Swords of Isamu Harujiro, the story ends with
the swordmaster's "final" destruction. But there is more to
the tale, a third part that has never been told, until now.

Isamu's P'o escaped destruction miraculously by hiding
itself within the white jade grip of Dragon of the Night, still
Fettered to the sword and now trapped inside it. By melding
its substance with the precious white jade (the magical
properties of which it discovered while imprisoned in the
Jade Emperor's dungeons), the P'o has attained a certain
ability to act in the Middle Kingdom.

The swordmaster's P'o also has discovered that it can
still work magic and has added embellishments to Dragon of
the Night's curse: Not only can the sword not be sheathed
without bloodying itself on one of the shen, but any wielder
who fails to accomplish this requirement must sheathe the
sword in his own body. In this manner, "Isamu" can use and
discard unworthy or incompetent carriers. Further, the beauty
of the cursed katana ensures a steady supply of greedy warriors
desirous of possessing such a marvelous and perfect blade.

Through these powers, Dragon of the Night made its
journey slowly across Japan. It passed through the hands of
many samurai families (inevitably leading to the ruin of
those noble houses), found its way aboard a seagoing vessel,
transferred itself to the captain of a pirate ship that traveled
the South China Sea, and roamed the Chinese mainland
until it made its way back to Japan in the early part of the
20th century. There Dragon of the Night remained until it
sensed that one of the Bishamon Kuei-jin, the sole survivor

of one of the samurai families who possessed it briefly, was on
its trail. Unwilling to be found and destroyed, the demon
blade sought another hiding place. Maneuvering itself into
the hands of smugglers, it arrived in Hong Kong during a
particularly chaotic time.

Its arrival has been noticed by the local supernatural
population. Even now, Kuei-jin factions and other groups of
shen engage themselves in a frantic search for the potent
artifact. Few suspect its true nature, and only one individual
can recognize it for what it truly is. Nevertheless, the hunt is
on and hunters are in demand.

ENTER THE CHARACTERS

The Fettered P'o, however, has plans of its own. It
desires to avenge itself against the Dark Kingdom of Jade by
destroying its Hong Kong outpost. Likewise, it seeks revenge
against all who caused it so much travail. The P'o's enemies,
thus, include the denizens of the spirit worlds, the shen
(especially the nature folk and the shapeshifters), and the
Dark Kingdom of Jade.

AN OVERVIEW OF THE STORY

"Dragon of the Night" begins in the Dark
Kingdom of Jade, as an obedient minion reports to
the Jade Emperor that the katana he has sought for
centuries has come to rest inside the boundaries of
the Necropolis of Hong Kong. Since the weapon

exists as a material object in the Middle Kingdom,

the story's action must cross the Shroud and enter
the world of the living. The bulk of the story takes
place in the physical world, but the resolution
requires the characters to visit either the Yin or
Yang World.

If the characters involve wraiths, it may be
possible to play through the prologue in the Dark
Kingdom. At different points in the story, alternate
approaches are suggested for specific groups of
players characters.

126

i i. i a i i ll i ee ek el

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A

Though, even greater is its hunger to possess a new body
and achieve the semblance of human existence once more.
Its preferred means of accomplishing this is by psychically
possessing a powerful Kuei-jin with a potent Yin rating, thus
resurrecting itself in a new body. By using its own negative
energies to overpower such a host, the P'o could move about
freely in the Middle Kingdom (and be subject to the physical
restrictions of the Kuei-jin).

The characters can become involved with the action of
the story in a variety of ways, a few of which are detailed
below. Their decisions may lead them to all sorts of unusual
places (even for supernaturals) and take them to the region's
most exotic and elegant (or sordid and squalid) locales, or
even into the Dark Kingdom of Jade and the Yin and Yang
Worlds. They may literally need to go to Hell and back to
realign the land's cosmic balance and lay the evil P'o to rest.
Alternatively, they may fall prey to the sword's attraction
and attempt to help it achieve its goals. Whatever they
decide will determine the fate of Hong Kong's shen popula-
tion for years to come.

PROLOGUE: AN AUDIENCE WITH THE
JADE EMPEROR

Behind his screen of carved white jade, Yu Huang, the August
Personage of Jade, Emperor of the Dark Kingdom of Jade and Master
of the Yellow Springs, listened carefully as his Second Minister of
Information received the cowering messenger's report. Smiling to
himself, the Jade Emperor felt a deep satisfaction in learning that
Tatsuko Sayo, the fabulous sword of the traitor Isamu, had once again
surfaced in Zhongguo, the lands of the Middle Kingdom.

That the sword had come to restin Hong Kong disturbed his inner
harmony only mildly. Although now officially and totally under Yu
Huang' s jurisdiction once again, that fractious and unstable outpost
was still not his ideal choice to sequester a treasure. Trusting the
imperfect tools who administered that distant region of his domain was
out of the question. The possibility of corruption through proximity to
the barbarian ghosts was ever prevalent.

No, far better to send his own agents — skilled, but not so skilled
that they succumbed to ambition. He intended to possess the great
blade for himself, not deliver it into the hands of mere lackeys. The
situation called for subtlety and delicate maneuvering.

The Minister dismissed the messenger, then turned and
crawled toward the Imperial throne. Stopping a respectful distance
from the concealing screen, the bureaucrat prostrated herself
before her hidden overlord and waited.

"Select a handful of competent and loyal subjects to travel to
Hong Kong. They shall inform the Protector that he is to assist
them in their efforts to procure my missing treasure, but that he is
not to interfere with their methods. Tell the subjects to leave

immediately and to tell no one where they are going. After you
have done that, find the messenger you dismissed and reward him
suitably before sending him to the Nine Abysses of Hell. When
those things are done, report back to me for your own reward."

The Minister signified her acceptance of the emperor's com-
mands and backed out of the throne room. Once outside the Jade
Emperor's presence, she rose and quickly went about her duties.

The emperor studied his elegant hands, extending elongated
fingernails and carving elaborate patterns in the air before him.
The Minister had served him well for many centuries; it was time
for her to rest. He could always use a new footstool...

RUNNING THE PROLOGUE FOR WRAITH
CHARACTERS

If the troupe contains wraiths, or if the Storyteller is
adapting "Dragon of the Night" for use with Wraith: The
Oblivion and Dark Kingdom of Jade, the option exists to play
through the events described in the prologue. This decision may
entail beginning the story with only the wraith character(s),
bringing in the nonwraiths for Scene One or constructing an
additional scene to gather the characters together.

In this case, the story should begin with an interview by the
Minister, who has selected the characters—perhaps because they
belong to her wraith family or are in some way indebted to her.
The Minister tells the characters only that they must travel to
Hong Kong and retrieve an artifact, bring it back to the Imperial
Palace and place it in the hands of the emperor himself. She gives
them an Imperial document to show the Protector of the
Necropolis; the message instructs the local wraiths to provide
assistance to the emperor's agents (the characters). Italso cautions
the Protector against interfering with the characters' actions. The
Minister describes the katana and says only that it is somewhere
in HongKong, probably on the island itself. She warns them of the
price of failure and urges them to leave without delay.

Wraith characters who qualify as Rebels (Renegades) or
Buddhists (Heretics) may begin the story by overhearing the
events of the prologue and deciding to take matters in their
own hands. They may ambush the Minister's selected wraiths
and steal the document, thus legitimizing themselves in the
eyes of the Protector of Necropolis Hong Kong, or they may
decide to travel to the Necropolis on their own and trust joss
to direct their course of action.

Note: In order for wraiths to participate fully in the
events of this story, they should have fairly high levels in
Puppetry; other Arcanoi allowing interaction with the world
beyond the Shroud are also helpful.

— + oe ee wT Oe OOOO Oe OOO

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

7AM


yx

ants
3
TA

SX

"

A __& _A4 A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

SCENE ONE: WIND OVER WATER -
AUSPICIOUS OMEN ("BEGINNINGS")

In this scene, the characters come

ae

together with the intention of locating
SIRE legendary sword that has just arrived
es: Wm oon Hong Kong Island. The troupe's

make-up may determine whether the
HOES MMMM characters receive a summons (from
EE | Chun, Jun Yow, or some other author-
ens onus ity figure), hear of the sword on their

own (through local contacts), or ac-
quire the information and impetus to
search for the sword via dreams or omens.

Although many players may resist the cliché of having a
mission "assigned" to them, the hierarchical nature of Chinese
society — including its criminal element — makes this a
perfectly acceptable choice. Unless characters are playing heimin
vampires, ronin werewolves or other outcast types, they most
likely work for or are accountable to someone.

The Timeline (see insert) lists the progression of the
story's events as they would occur without the characters'
intervention. Some of these events provide opportunities for
characters to get involved in ways that seem less contrived
than an "official summons."

The setting for the scene depends on who, if anyone,
calls the characters together. Angtio Chun holds a formal
audience in his court (located in Hong Kong's Central
District), while Jun Yow conducts a military "briefing" from
her headquarters in Kowloon. If Bishamon Kazuko hires the
characters, she meets them in an out-of-the-way tea room,
where she hopes her rendezvous goes unnoticed.

Wraith characters actually receive their instructions in
the Prologue; for them, this scene takes place in the Hong
Kong outpost of the Dark Kingdom and consists of a reversal
of a usual "superior summons inferiors" scene. Instead, the
characters must inform the Protector of their business in his
Necropolis and request his cooperation (backed by the
authority of the Jade Emperor's Minister).

Since members of Hong Kong's supernatural community
interact better with one another than their Western counter-
parts, it is possible that the characters may include a variety of
shen. If so, the Storyteller should adjust the location of the
"meeting" to accommodate all concerned; for example, a group
containing any of the fae needs a site relatively free of baneful
influences. Hengeyokai may prefer to meet somewhere outside
the urban centers of Hong Kong or Kowloon.

Wherever the characters come together, they hear the
following information: A powerful item — a great source of
Chi — has arrived on Hong Kong Island, possibly along the

coast near Aberdeen. Such a treasure needs to be recovered
by those who can deal with it properly. There is some urgency
to the quest, lest the item fall into the wrong hands.

Storytellers should tailor the above information based on
the knowledge available to the individual who brings the
characters together. Kazuko, for example, knows the sword is
cursed; she may or may not decide to inform those she hires of
this fact. Jun Yow knows only that the item is powerful and that
it might give her an edge in her struggle against Angtio Chun.

Characters may make an Intelligence + Occult roll (diffi-
culty 8 for Chinese characters, 7 for Japanese characters, 9 for all
others) to recall legends about magic swords. Three successes
allow a character to remember general details about such swords
—such as their ability to retain Chi, their possession of special
powers and the attachment of certain conditions to their use.
Five successes actually enable the character to realize that some
swords bear curses, and that these usually come into effect only
if the weapon is unsheathed.

Note that only characters with very high scores in
Occult or specializations in Japanese legends should actually
"remember" the story of Isamu's cursed swords, unless Kazuko
herself tells them.

ALTERNATIVE BEGINNINGS

The characters may also hear of the sword's arrival
through sources other than "official" ones. Rumor and gossip
spread quickly, and characters who possess either the Allies
or Contacts Background may hear of the arrival of something
valuable on the Aberdeen side of Hong Kong Island. Dreams
or omens concerning the sword may plague characters with
the Portents Skill or Awareness Talent. Storytellers should
decide what method of getting the characters to the Aber-
deen coast (Scene Two) is most effective.

SCENE TWO: THUNDER OVER
THUNDER — SIGN OF THE SACRIFICE
("MURDER AT ABERDEEN")

eee eee Following their instructions or pro-

ceeding from clues received (whether in
aha ieee adream or from street sources), the char-
acters wind up along the southwest coast
a eer of Hong Kong Island, a little outside

Aberdeen, a city once notorious for its
SRS; ME pirate settlements. Regardless of the time
SEeeRenesy of day, the sky is overcast; thick clouds

and the distant rumble of thunder prom-
ise a storm in the not too distant future.

150

i, iin a. it. aii. ci aii i iil ai. il ei ai i i i i i i ll

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A__A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A__A__A_A_A_A

TIMELINE

Isamu's P'o does not rest idly waiting for someone
worthy to find it. It has a plan of action that it will carry
through to its conclusion unless the characters intervene and
interrupt its schemes.

The following timeline is intended to help Storytellers
keep track of the sword's movements after its arrival in Hong
Kong. In the event that the players diverge from the in-
tended order of events (and, in all likelihood, they will), the
Storyteller can use this schedule to pull the characters back
on track.

In addition, other events complicate the search for the
sword; the arrival of such a potent magical presence in Hong
Kong has imbalanced the region's Chi, causing ripples in the
spirit worlds that have the potential to disturb shen (possibly
including some of the characters).

¢ First Day: Dragon of the Night arrives in Hong Kong
in the company of a group of smugglers, one of whom it
controls. Needing to replenish its Chi, it assists its wielder in
locating and killing a shen — a Heng Po who happens to be
in the wrong place at the wrong time.

Qian Shi, the Kumo (Goblin Spider), attempts to meet
the smugglers, but the sword, sensing Qian Shi's desire to
destroy it rather than wield it, has other plans and manages
to abort the rendezvous. The Kumo launches his own search
for the weapon, possibly using intermediaries or even hiring
the characters to do his legwork.

¢ Second Day: Tiger Toranaga (see Bastet) tips off Ling
Chu that something powerful has left Japan and is headed for
Hong Kong. Toranaga associates it with the mysterious
deaths of several Japanese persons, including a number of
shen. Ling Chu begins his investigation, not knowing exactly
what he is looking for. Near evening, he discovers the slain
Heng Po.

One of the friends of the dead spirit may contact fae
characters or allies of the spirit-folk and solicit their help in
finding the murderer, thus involving them in the story. In
addition, wraith characters (or characters who have connec-
tions to the Dark Kingdom of Jade) have now received their
"marching orders" from the Jade Emperor's Minister.

¢ Third Day: Kazuko arrives in Hong Kong and seeks an
audience with Angtio Chun. She receives a barely civil
reception, along with permission to pursue her mission as
long as she does not disturb the harmony of the local shen.

She begins casting about for someone to help her. (This is
another opportunity for the characters to get involved with
the story and provides a "natural" excuse for hiring the
characters or soliciting their help.)

¢ Fourth Day: The sword compels its wielder, the leader
of the smugglers, to search for a suitable vessel for it to
possess. This element throws the sword and the characters
together. If they are already involved in the story, this may
be their first opportunity to cross paths with the sword. If they
have not already come into contact with the events of the
story, this serves as a collision with a "runaway plot device."

¢ Fifth Day: By this time, most major figures in the shen
community (as well as some of the mages) have figured out
that something powerful is loose in Hong Kong. If the
characters are not already involved, one of these groups may
require their services.

e Sixth Through Tenth Days: Unless the characters
claim the sword and deliver it to the spirits for judgment,
Isamu's P'o attaches itself to one of the following "most likely
candidates": Gan Shuo (the akuma), Kiosho Masahiro of the
Japanese Genji Clan, or — as a last resort — Oliver Thrace
(the Tremere).

Once this attachment has occurred, one of two events
occurs. If Isamu's P'o dominates the sword's recipient, it takes
over the shen's body, replacing the host's personality with its
own. It then begins a deadly rampage through Hong Kong,
using the host body's powers and the deadly katana to slay
one shen after another. The P'o first attempts to eliminate the
Jade Kingdom wraiths of Necropolis Hong Kong. This ven-
detta and the ensuing Maelstrom created by the sword's
presence prompt the arrival of the Jade Emperor's armies.
Spectres, summoned by Isamu, boil up from the Tempest,
and the spirit landscape around Hong Kong becomes a
battleground for months, which may well lead to political
repression and endemic violence in the Middle Kingdom.

If, on the other hand, the recipient manages to subdue
Isamu's P'o (through Necromancy or by besting the Spectre
in a contest of P'o versus Being), a dangerous adversary has
just acquired a very deadly weapon. The possible conse-
quences of this are manifold, depending on the personality
and motivations of the sword-wielder, but will very likely
prove extremely inauspicious for Hong Kong's shen.

ig

ee a ee eee ee ee ee oe ee

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

——,

u%
‘a
asl,

131


% Ay dj

A__A4 _A A _A_A_A_A _A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A__A_A_A

Exploring the coastline near Aberdeen brings the char-
acters eventually to the site of the murdered Heng Po. The
concentration of death energies around the pieces of the
dismembered corpse are tangible to anyone with the Aware-
ness Skill, Disciplines or Gifts that allow them to sense
disturbances in the local Chi.

As characters approach the site, they see a lone figure bent
over the ground: This is Ling Chu, who has arrived here to
conduct an investigation on a reported murder. Unless the
characters take extraordinary precautions to sneak up on him, the
Khan policeman realizes their arrival and rises to confront them.

If the characters do not attack immediately, Ling Chu
questions them about their business in the area. Unless the
characters' behavior or response to his questions warrants it, he
does not identify himself as a police officer right away. He is more
interested in finding out what the characters know about "his"
investigation than he is in revealing his own reasons for being
there, but if the characters are particularly persuasive, Ling Chu
may reveal some of what he has discovered so far. Hengeyokai
or spirit-folk (changelings) may elicit his cooperation, although
he has worked with Kuei-jin presumably from time to time and
may respond to characters working for Angtio Chun.

Should he be so inclined, Ling Chu can tell them that
the victim was one of the spirit-folk, a Heng Po (as far as he
can tell). The murder weapon seems to be some kind of blade,
possibly a ritual sword (from the residual Chi energies). The
characters may already have this information, but Ling Chu's
conclusions can confirm what they know.

The Khan prefers to work by himself (or with Toranaga),
but he has come under censure from his new superiors for not
being a "team player." If characters actively win his favor or
seem genuinely concerned with solving the murder and
tracking down the murder weapon, Ling Chu may offer to
assist their independent inquiries, possibly even enlisting
their help in an official capacity.

In either case, the trail ends here apparently. If the
characters attempt to trace the Chi energies (using Lifesight,
Death/Ghostsight, or similar powers), hoping they can track
the sword through its emissions, they can follow them north
toward the Hong Kong-Kowloon side of the island. Once the
characters are in the city, the overwhelming interplay of
energies makes following any one impossible.

SCENE THREE: WATER OVER
THUNDER — APPOINT HELPERS
("THE WAITING GAME")

The characters may need to spend
some time gathering information from
Allies or Contacts before they can pro-

See MMS ceed further in the search for the sword.
This "scene" provides the Storyteller with
a .
the opportunity to use several of Hong
Ve ME Kong's more exotic or less savory locales.
wheres The potentials for ferreting out informa-

tion include, but are not restricted to, the
following ideas:

AY THE RACES

Characters not limited to nocturnal hours may visit the
racetrack at Happy Valley or Shatin, on the chance that
someone who has come into possession of a powerful Chi-
repository may seek to use it to draw luck at the betting stalls.
And knowing the propensity for gambling among Hong
Kong natives (regardless of their nationality), this is not a
far-fetched idea.

Races take place on the weekends and on Wednesday nights.
One of the smugglers has, in fact, gone to the track and placed a
bet for an upcoming race, on a horse named Luck of the Blade.
Bribes, favors or other kinds of persuasion (including supernatural
ones) can elicit the name (false) of the bettor and an address in
Wanchai (a brothel called the House of Seven Tigers).

FINE DINING

Another possibility for the characters is that whoever has
the sword may attempt to make contact with the monied crowd,
hoping to cash in on the weapon's probable monetary value.
Hong Kong's floating restaurants in Aberdeen provide a look at
what's left of local high society. Here, the millionaires who have
decided to cast their lot with the new government retire to
remind themselves of the finer things in life, while the incoming
administrators from the People's Republic take advantage of the
luxuries offered by their new province.

Characters may learn that certain executives from Pearl
Paradigms have been making inquiries about the purchase of
rare Japanese artifacts. In addition, Gwendolyn Fleming,
noted collector and patron of the arts, has also been seeking
information about antique swords, claiming she wishes to

ii il ail cl a. a. a aa ail i a ari. ci i a ea mel ia aie

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A__A__A__A__A_A_A_A_A

give one to a "friend." Storytellers wishing to involve char-
acters with either the Syndicate or the Kin-jin may use this
setting as a way to bring disparate groups together.
Pursuing any line of inquiry leads to a rumor that more
information can be found among the boat people, who "know
about smuggling and all sorts of black-market activities."

FORTUNES, ANYONE?

Belief in joss and the telling of fortunes may lead the
characters to one of many temples in Hong Kong where
professional fortunetellers and interpreters can cast the |
Ching or read the fortune sticks for them. Storytellers may use
this scene to give characters broad hints as to where to go
(i.e., The clash of blades amid the water holds misfortune for those
who make their home on the sea.) or express a sense of urgency
in the completion of their quest (i.e., A great storm builds

overhead— when it breaks, disaster for the Middle Kingdom. ).

STRANGE BEDFELLOWS, OR TALK ISN'T
CHEAP

Characters who decide to visit any of Hong Kong's red-light
districts have a storehouse of information waiting for them if they
ask the correct questions and make the right moves. The denizens
of the twilight world have been shaken by recent events. One of
the most popular "girls," a gentle and ambitious individual named
Mo (Jasmine), has disappeared after entertaining a customer in
the House of Seven Tigers, where she works. Characters who do
notalready know where the pleasure house is may roll Intelligence
+ Streetwise to locate it in the heart of Wanchai.

Discreet inquiries (or a successful Wits + Streetwise roll,
difficulty 7) reveal that a pair of rough-looking individuals
(one of whom was definitely Japanese) requested Jasmine's
services earlier in the evening. One of them carried a long
bundle that he seemed reluctant to let out of his sight.
Jasmine felt uneasy about taking both of them up to her
room, but she needed the money to bankroll her departure
from Hong Kong. If characters ask to see the room, they have
to purchase one of the girls as the price of admission.

The girl assigned to them gives her name as Ping (Apple)
or "Pinkie." After she takes them to Jasmine's old room, she asks
the characters what they want and tells them she charges extra
for multiple partners. If told that all they want is information,
she merely says, "Sex, talk, same price. Never mind."

[Note: If the characters speak Cantonese, Ping comes
across as articulate and polished in her speech. If, however,
a serious language discrepancy exists between her and the
characters, her conversation has a pidginlike quality.]

|
= .
OP A ee
nn y |
rae |
lage, |
|

YwtVvrw+Tw$wyvy VY sVv VY oY OY hl hl hh =

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG 155


y=
Ze

A__d4 _A4 _A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

WHAT REALLY HAPPENED

Two of the smugglers, including the one carrying
the cursed sword, decided to combine the need to hide
with the opportunity to enjoy themselves by renting a
girl for the night. The two began making demands on
Jasmine for services they had not agreed to pay for, and
she protested. One of them unwrapped the sword and
drew it to scare her. Jasmine conceded to their de-
mands but raised her voice to alert her friend Ping,
whom she knew was listening for signs of trouble.

Unfortunately, by the time Ping was able to roust
the pair of burly triad members who worked as guards
for the brothel, the damage was done. The smuggler
who had drawn the katana found himself unable to
sheathe it except by plunging it into his own body. His
partner, thinking quickly, forced Jasmine to help him
bundle up the body (and the sword, which he sheathed
with no trouble) and escaped through the window to
the alley one floor below. He elicited Jasmine's reluc-
tant cooperation by threatening to claim she had
murdered her customer if she refused to help. Disposing
of the body in a nearby alley, the pair fled to Mongkok.

PACING THE STORY

Despite most players' beliefs that characters
can accomplish "six impossible things" before
breakfast, followed by a full schedule of going
places and meeting people, even supernaturals
have their limitations on how much they can
actually get done in one 24-hour period (especially
if their activities are restricted to night hours or if,
like most creatures, they need to sleep).

The characters become involved in the story
on the day after the sword's arrival in Hong Kong,
at the earliest. The investigations described in
Scene Three should take at least a full day (or
night), or perhaps two. The Storyteller should
attempt to enforce a realistic sense of time's pas-
sage.

In addition, life (or unlife) doesn't come to a
grinding halt while the characters attend to their
quest. Social concerns, duties to wu or pack,
demands from Allies or even mundane events like
classes, jobs or familial responsibilities intrude on
even the most focused individual. (Any fan of
detective stories knows that the ex-spouse, ailing
relative, dependent child or despondent best friend
always interrupts the investigation at the worst
possible moment.) Storytellers should make cer-
tain that the characters do not lose track of their
personal lives while being embroiled in the events
of the story. The Timeline (see above) should help
set the pace for the actions; if the characters are
moving too fast for "necessary" events to occur
logically, the Storyteller should feel free to insert

scenes involving the characters' other duties or
personal relationships. Although, in a sense, these
scenes are "time-wasters," they help to flesh out

the characters' development as individuals and
allow the Storyteller to include settings not cov-
ered in the story itself.

134

ee Co Zo me cA, 2 A A a a a a) a Se 2 A, A a i

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A __A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Ping watches the characters search the room. If they
display any evidence of supernatural abilities, she pretends
not to notice. (Mages who use magick in her presence do not
accrue Paradox, since she does not count as a Sleeper. If
anyone questions her feigned ignorance of their activities,
she replies, "I see what I'm paid to see, nothing more.")
Characters may also take this comment to mean that, if paid,
she can remember "seeing" quite a bit.

Ping did not see exactly what went on between Jasmine and
her customers, but she overheard some of their discussion from
the room next door. "Not that I was eavesdropping," she tells the
characters quickly, "that would be rude. But Jasmine and I were
friends and looked out for each other. She gave me a signal that
she was worried, so I tried to listen for signs of distress."

From the little bit Ping heard, she could tell that Jasmine's
clients first asked and then demanded more than they had
paid for. The girl protested and the men became harsh. Ping
heard a strange noise, like something metallic rubbing against
another surface. Then Jasmine pleaded, "Okay, I'll do what-
ever you want. Just don't cut me." Ping ran downstairs to
summon help from the brothel's strong-arms, but by the time
they could intervene, it was too late. "The window was open,
the room was a mess, and the bed sheets were missing."

Jasmine's old room has since been cleaned up. Never-
theless, anyone with the ability to see into the past or sense
Chi emanations can discover something about the sordid
events surrounding Jasmine's disappearance. Storytellers
should determine how much information to give such char-
acters based on the success of their attempts.

The characters should at least be able to determine that
Jasmine's disappearance is connected to the sword. If joss is
in their favor, they may discover clues pointing them to the
smugglers' safehouse in Mongkok.

OTHER SOURCES OF INQUIRY

If the characters make inquiries among the Kuei-jin or
report back to one of their patrons, they hear that a member
of the Bishamon uji from Japan has arrived in town and has
been asking about a family relic —an ancient katana that she
believes has come to Hong Kong. Characters who are not
already working for her may seek out Kazuko and attempt to
obtain additional knowledge from her.

SCENE FOUR: HEAVEN OVER EARTH
— OBSTRUCTION
("BEHIND THE SCENES")

This scene does not involve the
characters, but it must take place be-
fore the characters have the
opportunity to visit the boat people.
Frustrated in his attempts to gain pos-
session of the sword that he paid to
have smuggled into Hong Kong, Qian
Shi (the Kumo) has decided to proceed
with the second part of his plan, which
involves acquiring a potent source of
untapped Chi to power the longevity ritual in which he
intends to sacrifice the sword.

His Crawlerling form has enabled him to spread his
awareness throughout most of Hong Kong — even extending
to the domains of the Hoklo and Tanka boat people. Thus,
Qian Shi knows of the birth of the Zhong Lung infant, who
fits his requirements perfectly. He arranges for the kidnap-
ping of the child (and his mother), using a group of thugs to
snatch the pair during one of the rare times when they are
unattended by Dong Tao. Once this group has done this, the
constituents flee into the streets of Aberdeen and attempt to
make their way to their rendezvous with Qian Shi. Should
they succeed, the Goblin Spider takes mother and child to
his lair beneath Victoria Peak.

SCENE FIVE: WATER OVER WATER -
SEER SMALL GAINS
("AMONG THE BOAT PEOPLE")

eee See Sooner or later, the characters'

investigations lead them to the com-
munity of the Tanka in Aberdeen

ees Gag = Harbor. The PRC has been making an

effort to eliminate the unsightly (and
al nan: ungovernable) chaos of sampans and
Eee junks that crowd the floating cities of
a Spee the Hoklo and Tanka peoples. Unease

has settled like a thick mist over the

insular and, to outsiders, the closed
community. And that is at the best of times. Now, the Tanka
are in an uproar.

The characters can feel the tension as soon as they
arrive. For this reason, inquiries made by strangers are not
met with as much caution as usual; anyone asking about
someone "in the know" finds herself directed to "the old
man's sampan, over there."

Yr SY oY Oe OS Oe oe ee Ye

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

y

TAS


eo) Wy
iy Pe
el)

'
S

vn
y

A_A_A_A_A iA _A_A A_A _A_A A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_

Characters with Allies among the boat people or those
who know any of the members of the Sublime Caretakers wu
may already be aware of the presence of one of the Middle
Dragons (the Zhong Lung) in the Tanka community. If so,
they may suspect (correctly) that he is the "old man" they are
being sent to see. Those who do not know Dong Tao's true
nature do not have long to wait.

The ancient Zhong Lung is ina rage over the theft of his heir
and hovers between mindless fury and overwhelming despair. In
other words, he is not in the mood for conversation about magical
swords. Characters can sense his "otherness" immediately; at-
tempts to penetrate his human form succeed automatically
regardless of whether supernatural powers or Skills such as Dis-
guise or Sense Deception are used. Dong Tao is not concerned
with concealing himself from anyone at this time.

His reaction to characters depends largely on their
conduct when they approach him — and his Kinfolk make
certain that they do approach him once they have been
pointed in his direction. If characters attempt to broach the
subject of the sword, ignoring Dong Tao's obvious state of
agitation, he turns his anger on them, railing at them for
expecting him to be concerned with inconsequentials when
his world has been turned upside down. "My future has been
stolen! My past lies in the dust!" He makes it clear that he will
not talk to anyone until the child has been returned to him.

If the characters persist, or if he has any reason to suspect
that they are connected with the kidnappers, he shifts into
his Archid form right in front of them, filling the low-
ceilinged cabin with his bulk and looking like a dragon out
of legend. Storytellers may want to have characters roll to
avoid surrendering to their P'o (if they are Kuei-jin) or to
some form of frenzy (if they are Kindred or shapeshifters).
Wraith characters may find themselves ripped from the
Skinlands and thrown into a Harrowing by the overpowering
nature of Dong Tao's transformation. Changelings or mages
could enter a state of panic.

Unless the characters provoke him further or attempt to
attack him, Dong Tao does not initiate a violent confrontation.
If a fight between the characters and the Zhong Lung does break
out, however, the Storyteller should go with it; it may be necessary
to remind the characters that they will be in dire trouble if they
actually kill one of the Middle Dragons (not to mention destroy-
ing any chance for using him as an information source).

The most sensible course of action for the characters is
to offer Dong Tao their services in tracking down his son. He
is able to compose himself enough to answer questions that
may assist the characters in achieving this goal.

Dong Tao can tell the characters that the kidnapping
occurred just before their arrival. The abductors timed their
approach to coincide with his daily swim. His granddaughter
and her son (his heir) were taking the air on the deck of the
sampan. Dong Tao had heard the child's mother scream and
made his way back to the boat just in time to see a group of

dark-clad figures heading swiftly away from his sampan
toward the shore, making use of the other boats as stepping
stones in their flight.

By retracing the kidnappers' route away from Dong Tao's
sampan, characters should be able to pick up a trail that leads
onto the shore and into Aberdeen. From there, characters can
either ask people on the street if they saw a group of people, with
a young woman and an infant, running past them. At least one
person saw such a collection of individuals heading toward the
Central Bus Terminal in Exchange Square just a few minutes
ago. Characters native to Hong Kong know that two regular bus
routes run from Aberdeen to the north side of Hong Kong
Island; one bus goes via the university, while the other goes
through the tunnel that cuts beneath the island and connects
the settlements on the north and south sides.

As the characters arrive in Exchange Square, the No. 70
bus is just pulling away, headed for the tunnel. The chase is on.

CLOUDY, WITH A CHANCE OF RAIN

The negative Chi energies of the sword have
caused a ripple effect that has spread across the Wall
into the Middle Kingdom. Since the weapon's arrival
in Hong Kong, storm clouds have gathered in the skies
above the region. Muffled thunder rumbles perpetu-
ally in the distance, while the wind (particularly
outside the urban centers) fluctuates between a brisk
breeze and a strong blow. As time passes and the
sword's energies build, the weather worsens. By the
end of the story, Hong Kong should face a full typhoon
(mirrored in the Dark Kingdom of Jade by a Mael-
strom of equivalent force).

Not only does the weather suffer from the sword's
presence, the balance of Chi has been seriously dis-
turbed, and everyone (mortals and shen alike) is feeling
the effects. Yang-aspected Kuei-jin, shapeshifters, and
other shen attuned to the Yang World find themselves
beset by bouts of depression and other negative emo-
tions (frenzy difficulties increase by one). Riots occur
spontaneously over apparently trivial concerns among
the populace; political plans go awry; business takes a
decided turn for the worse; and, horror of horrors, the
stock market dips precipitously. The Storyteller can
insert descriptions of the overall malaise to call char-
acters' attention to the fact that all is not well in the

Middle Kingdom.

136

, = + 7 = +s TY le Oe Oe Oe lee

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

_4_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A__A__A_

SCENE SIX: LAKE OVER THUNDER -
THE CHASE ("CHILD-CARE")

No story is complete without a

ES Dea! :

chase scene and, as in most chase scenes
i. which one vehicle unerringly pur-
ER sues another through traffic-congested

streets or cops chase robbers through
eee aia the cars of a speeding subway, realism
ae MM ogoes by the boards in the interest of
mE | XCitement and plot resolution.

The Storyteller should make note
of whether characters have their own vehicles (cars, motor-
cycles or bikes), or they grab a taxi or employ supernatural
means of pursuit (such as flight). Systems for running chase
scenes are available in the Storyteller System basic rulebooks,
or the Storyteller can make up her own rules for adjudicating
the pursuit.

In any case, just as the characters are about to close with
their quarry (or lose them altogether due to bad joss), traffic
screeches to a halt as a vehicle ahead of them (maybe it wasn't
the bus, after all...) stops suddenly. Several figures leap from the
stopped vehicle and disappear into the side of the tunnel.

This is the signal for the characters to bail out of their
own vehicle, abandon their taxi or take a hard left into the
stone facing of the tunnel. They can easily find a door in the
wall that opens into a maintenance corridor that runs the
length of the tunnel. Within this confining place, the char-
acters should have no problem running the kidnappers to
ground. Doing so without harming the child or his mother
presents complications, however.

The kidnappers do not surrender the child willingly,
even when they have evidence that their opponents are
something other than "normal" humans. The goons hired by
Qian Shi are cold-hearted and prepared to sacrifice their
victims to save themselves if necessary. They may threaten
harm to the mother or child (or both). If nothing else, one of
them thrusts the mother in the path of the characters, hoping
to use her to deflect an attack. Only as a last resort do they
harm or give up the child, knowing that if they fail to deliver
it to their boss (the Kumo) at the rendezvous point (further
down the tunnel), they will suffer for it.

The scene should end with the characters in possession
of the child and, with luck, the mother. Either or both of the
mortals may suffer injury; it is possible that the mother dies
in the course of the battle.

The kidnappers who survive their encounter with the
characters attempt to flee the scene; if captured, they refuse
to volunteer any information about why they stole the child
or for whom they work. (Of course, the characters have ways
of making them talk.)

The characters can learn that a local flesh-peddler paid the
abductors to acquire the child and his mother. Their boss'
insistence on these particular individuals surprised them, since
"the girls he fancies are usually prettier and the kids are usually
at least a few years older," but they didn't raise any objections.

Characters with a high score in Streetwise or those who
have ties to the criminal underworld might connect the
goons' boss with rumors of a quasimythical figure who report-
edly controls the most perverse and esoteric elements of the
flesh trade. It should not be possible, however, for characters
to finger Qian Shi at this point. Returning mother and child
to their family is the next order of business.

[Note: If the characters are working for Qian Shi, they can
still involve themselves in the rescue of the child. Their job
consists of retrieving the sword, which assumes primary impor-
tance in the Kumo's schemes. Acquiring vital information from
the Zhong Lung may, therefore, necessitate preempting the
kidnappers' mission. Since Qian Shi hired each group separately
for their task, the characters may not even realize they are
interfering in their employer's business unless they speak to one
of the kidnappers. In any case, in order to proceed with their
mission, they need to return the child to Dong Tao. (If neces-
sary, the heir can always be stolen again....)]

KIDNAPPERS

These are some of Hong Kong's toughest professional
goons. Although they have no special abilities, they excel at
their job (killing, maiming, stealing, strong-arming, etc.).
Storytellers should feel free to alter their statistics (within
the limitations for normal humans) in order to present a
challenge for the characters.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Martial
Arts 3, Streetwise 3, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Area
Knowledge (Hong Kong) 3

Willpower: 6

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

——<~. ' - SS SS YS LCL Le ee

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

13

wl y
WY 2

"an
wll


y= A__A _A A _A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A

TTT IT SCENESEVEN: EARTH OVER LAKE -
| PREVAILING
| TP OC THEDRAGON'S REWARD")

When the characters return the
mother and child to Dong Tao, the
ancient Zhong Lung welcomes them
with open arms. If the mother died in
the battle, Dong Tao expresses his
grief and instructs his family to begin
preparing the body for the funeral

~ rites. (Ifthe characters left the mother's
} body in the tunnel, the old man sends
rT | | | : = some of his Kinfolk to retrieve her and berates the characters

=
I
a

for their thoughtlessness. )

<a in ] He does not refer to the characters' original reason for
coming to see him until after they have eaten with him and

passed several minutes in casual conversation. Only when

: Reus | | sought him out among all the denizens of the floating city.
ann t This is the opportunity the characters have been waiting for.

| LT] [ | Dong Tao uses his Mnesis as well as his general knowledge

of storytelling to recall the legend of the cursed swords of Isamu
Harujiro. He knows most of the information related in the Story
Background, up to and including Isamu's destruction at the
hands of Shizuko Kokoshin, the legendary demon hunter.
7 Dong Tao can offer his own speculations about the subsequent
history of the sword called Tatsuko Sayo (Dragon of the Night),
suggesting that this might be the katana the characters are
seeking. If it is, he warns them, it is probably cursed and they
should treat it with caution should it come into their hands.

|
| i : | Dong Tao is ready does he ask the characters why they

wae N . If the characters take heed of his wisdom (provided they
cA have behaved respectfully toward him), Dong Tao offers to
os : have his oldest daughter cast their fortunes. The Storyteller

can use this as an opportunity to point the characters in the
desired direction (i.e., toward Mongkok and Scene Eight).

, SCENE EIGHT: HEAVEN OVER FIRE -
| vf GATHERING ("TRAVEL ACROSS THE
— Kt GREAT STREAM")
|

pas Ki Rear es ea The characters need to travel to
RACER Mongkok to pick up the trail of the
\ sword. They can cross the bay from
| \ ER the island to Kowloon via the Star
mu = (erry or by one of the other means of
above- (and below-) water travel avail-
SERRE a able. A tunnel runs beneath Victoria

Seas

%
fie vvovrvivvevyvevyvevyGvyYivY ivi YW

136 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

—A _A _A_A _A_A _A_A _A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

THESWORD AT WORK

In fact, the characters are not expected, but
someone else is. Isamu's P'o has not been idle
while the characters have combed Hong Kong in
search of the sword it inhabits. The smugglers,
acting under Isamu's compulsion, have contacted
agents of both Gan Shuo and Kiosho Masahiro,
either of whom would make an ideal host for
Isamu's P'o. Both Kuei-jin indicated an interest
in acquiring what they believe is an antique sword
and which Gan Shuo suspects may have magical
properties. Both have agreed to send emissaries to
the shop to negotiate a price.

Although Gan Shuo leaves his stonecarver's

shop rarely because he prefers to conduct his
business through intermediaries, Masahiro comes
to the shop personally, provided the rendezvous
takes place after dark. This may place him hard on
the heels of the characters, if they arrive during
the evening hours.

Harbor, connecting the island to the mainland, so charac-
ters may elect to drive across the water.

Although this subdistrict of Kowloon is one of the most
densely populated places in the world, finding someone or
getting information becomes relatively simple — merely a
matter of finding the right price. Characters with Streetwise or
appropriate connections need only to put out the word that
they are willing to pay for news of a valuable sword, Japanese
smugglers, or a runaway pleasure girl (Jasmine); information
rains down on them suddenly with monsoonlike intensity.
Incidentally, characters who have remarked on the phenom-
enally bad weather that has been building up since the sword's
arrival may notice that the skies over Kowloon appear even
stormier than those above Hong Kong Island.

Characters who know either the Nezumi Brian Ang or
the Kin-jin Nosferatu Clive Cooper — and who can locate
either of them — can gain precise knowledge of the sword's
location. Otherwise, word on the street alerts the characters
to the fact that a group of Japanese toughs (with a pretty
woman in tow) have moved into one of the few remaining
bird shops on Hong Lok Street.

Since most of its competition has relocated to the new
Mongkok Market, the Harmonious Nightingale Songbird
Emporium (a sign on the door advertises in bad English and
in better Chinese: GOOD-SOUNDING BIRDS FOR
YOUR HOME AND PROSPERITY/REASONABLE
PRICES/CAGES AND FOOD) is not hard to locate. The

shop stays open until late, closing down well after midnight.

From outside the shop, despite the street noises vying for
precedence, the frenetic chirpings of hundreds of birds acts as its
own advertisement. The noise is deafening inside. The shop is
tiny, with walls lined with shelves and crammed with cages in
which songbirds of every size, shape and tonal variation warble
incessantly. A rack full of bins containing masses of small,
writhing worms bears the label: CHOICE MEALY WORMS
FOR YOUR FINE BIRDS. Cages made of wicker, bamboo and
wire stand on tables that demarcate barely negotiable aisles. An
old woman sits at the back of the shop playing mahjong with a
group of friends, all of them elderly. She looks up briefly as the
characters enter and waves them inside, then returns to her game.

If the characters interrupt her to inquire about the
presence of the sword, the smugglers or Jasmine — presum-
ably in a less than direct manner — she nods at them and
smiles. "Downstairs in the back," she tells the characters.
"You're expected."

SCENE NINE: WIND OVER HEAVEN -
IMPENDING STORM
("INTERESTING TIMES")

The characters can proceed with-
out impediment to the back of the
shop and down a narrow, rickety flight
of stairs (unrepaired deliberately in
order to alert the smugglers to visitors,
expected or otherwise). Characters at-
tempting to avoid making noise on
these poor man's "nightingale floors"
must make a Dexterity + Stealth roll
(difficulty 9) and score at least three successes to mask the
sound of their footsteps completely.

A small storeroom at the bottom of the stairs contains
several crates marked "Bird Cages." If characters attempt to
move them, the weight of the crates indicates that many of them
contain something more substantial than wire or wicker con-
structions. The characters can make out a door equipped with a
spyhole at the far end of the room; knocking on the door gains
them entry after a cursory examination by the smugglers inside.

Characters should already realize from their reception by
the shop's proprietor that the smugglers are, in fact, expecting
someone to show up for the sword. Whether they attempt to
convince the smugglers that they are the prospective buyers, or
they decide to go for a frontal assault against obvious mortal
opponents, should be left up to the characters entirely.

The door opens into a small apartment containing an outer
room and a small back room; the door to the inner room is
slightly ajar, revealing part of a bed. Jasmine is there, tied to the
bedposts to prevent her escape. The smugglers have also blind-

o

pie 2 Be ee ee ae ee ie ee a ee a a ee ee, a

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

y


iy
‘aay

A__A _A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

folded and gagged her "for her protection" in anticipation of the
coming negotiations. They are considering taking her back with
them to Japan, so they are reluctant to kill her at this point.

Four of the original smugglers remain. They are desperate to
unload the sword, confused about why they did not keep their
scheduled rendezvous in Aberdeen. Furthermore, the smugglers
are agitated by the unexpected and inexplicable suicide of their
leader and are completely unaware that the sword has been
controlling their actions since their arrival in Hong Kong.

Characters attempting to masquerade as the smugglers'
"expected" guests may succeed initially in their ruse. The
Storyteller should require either good roleplaying or a suc-
cessful Intelligence + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7). Unless at
least one of the characters meets the sword's criteria for an
acceptable host (i.e., Dharma of 6 or higher and a high Yin
rating), however, Isamu's P'o "voices" its own objection by
forcing the smuggler currently under its direct control to
unsheathe it and attack the characters.

Even if the characters succeed in acquiring the sword
through subtle means (or through more direct methods), their
efforts are interrupted before they gain actual possession of the
weapon. The sound of footsteps on the creaky basement stairs
announces the arrival of either Gan Shuo's agents or represen-
tatives of Kiosho Masahiro (Storyteller's choice). If this scene
takes place at night, then Masahiro accompanies his agents. The
other potential buyer arrives a few minutes later.

If the characters are busy fighting the smugglers, then
the new arrivals attempt a hasty withdrawal. The sword,
however, switches tactics, forcing its wielder to deliver it to
an appropriate individual. If one of the characters has man-
aged to wrest the sword from its smuggler wielder during the
battle, then she must make a resisted Willpower roll against
Isamu's Being (see Appendix) each time she attempts to use
the weapon. If she fails, she must immediately attempt to
hand the sword over to its preferred target instead.

If the agents of Gan Shuo or Masahiro acquire the
weapon, they break off combat and flee rapidly; their objec-
tive was to retrieve the sword, not engage in combat. (If the
sword has already inflicted at least four Health Levels of
aggravated damage to a shen, it allows itself to be returned to
its sheath; otherwise, its wielder cannot do anything except
continue fighting or else, as the late leader of the smugglers
discovered, turn the sword upon himself.)

If the characters seize the weapon, they face the same
dilemma. Now that the weapon is in their possession, their
next step is to deliver it to their patron or employer, not to
finish off their opponents. Any character holding the sword
who has not used it to draw shen blood must either continue
fighting or else follow the same compulsion to harm herself.

This scene serves at least two purposes. First, it places the
characters in the sword's vicinity, giving them a chance to
acquire it (if they can successfully grab it from the smugglers and
retain it after the rival factions arrive), or at least to get a good

look at it before someone snatches it out from under them. The
scene also exists to bring together some of the parties interested
in the sword — a precursor to what follows as word of the sword
spreads like wildfire through the supernatural community. The
scene ends when either the characters or one of the rival groups
gets the sword and leaves the shop.

BACK AT THE HARMONIOUS NIGHTINGALE
SONGBIRD EMPORIUM

Any surviving smugglers decide that a speedy return to Japan
is the best course of action. They leave the shop as soon as possible
and make their way out of Hong Kong by whatever means
available, forgetting about Jasmine in their haste, to put as much
distance between themselves and the "demon sword" as they can.

Jasmine manages to free herself from her bonds during
the battle and slip out unnoticed in the confusion. Shaken by
her experiences with the sword and her captors, she goes to
the police, where she hopes to clear herself of any connection
to the "murder" of her Japanese client, as well as to detail her
mysterious disappearance.

Fortunately, Ling Chu handles her initial interview.
The Khan believes her story, since it fills in gaps in his theory
about the weapon used in the death of the Heng Po. Unfor-
tunately for the characters (unless they are working for Ling
Chu), Jasmine's tale (which includes a graphic replay of the
battle in the basement of the bird shop, as well as accurate
descriptions of the characters) draws Ling Chu's attention.

SCENE TEN: CAKE OVER WATER —
TRAPPED
("THE HUNTERS BECOME HUNTED")

The characters either have the sword

a :

(or vice versa), or they have seen a rival
SSR RATS: group lay claim to it. In either case, a
EE = pursuit through the streets of Mongkok

ensues, as the characters (if they have the
acai ad sword) attempt to evade their rivals or (if
they don't) catch up to the group that
See cg acquired the blade.

Storytellers should take pains to

describe Mongkok's congested, tene-

ment-lined streets and incorporate the inevitable problems
posed by attempting to follow anyone amid sidewalks clogged
with pedestrians and vendors. Weaving in and out among
the cars, people, carts, rickshaws, bicycles and other ob-
stacles requires several Dexterity + Dodge rolls, while more

12>,

<* Game
140

ia i. ii. ai. mi. ila, Mi, i. i i a a, a al a a a, el

HONG KONG BY NIGHT

\_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

TAKING POSSESSION

The Storyteller should be prepared to run this
mini-scene at any time after the characters gain pos-
session of the sword. Even if none of the characters
qualifies as an ideal recipient for Isamu's P'o, it still
tries to control one of the group in hopes that it can use
that individual to deliver it to a suitable host.

If the sword succeeds in a Manipulation + Pup-
petry roll (difficulty of the subject's Willpower), it
possesses the mind of its target. The victim enters a
semiconscious state and carries out the P'o's wishes
while the P'o remains in control. The controlled
character may try to resist the possession by spending
a Willpower point and rolling Willpower versus the
P'o's Manipulation + Puppetry. Each success reduces
the number of scenes in which the P'o controls the
character by one.

Should the P'o succeed in taking over one of the
characters temporarily, it compels that individual to
search for either Gan Shuo or Masahiro. The allies of
the controlled individual may notice some odd behav-
ioral changes in their friend. Successful Wits + Occult
rolls (difficulty 8) or the use of an appropriate Disci-
pline, Gift or other supernatural ability may permit a
character to perceive the cause of these personality
changes.

A controlled character could leave her group
suddenly and wander off in search of either the akuma
or the Genji, or she may endeavor to convince the
others to delay delivering the sword to their patron or
employer. If the characters are working for themselves
and think to offer the sword to the highest bidder, the
P'o maneuvers its host into suggesting one of the top
two candidates. If the characters were ordered to get
the sword by Angtio Chun or Jun Yow, Isamu's P'o
strives to delay or subvert its delivery.

If the characters are wraiths working for the Dark
Kingdom of Jade, the sword may not discover this fact
until it actually gains control of the body that the
wraith character inhabits currently. In that case, the
sword tries to throw the resident wraith into a Harrow-
ing, even if that denote loosening its control over the
host body. This may lead to some odd complications if
the mortal host regains consciousness and finds herself
in a strange place among people she does not know.

The Storyteller may need to repeat this "scene"
several times over the rest of the story, as long as the
characters maintain possession of the sword without
taking precautions to avoid falling prey to its powers.

elaborate maneuvers (such as leaping across the tops of
moving cars) entail Dexterity + Athletics rolls in order to
accomplish them successfully.

If the characters are pursuing their rivals, it should be
possible (barring serious misfortune or bad joss) for them to
catch up with their quarry and make another attempt to
retrieve the sword. The characters should succeed on their
second attempt, since the agents for both Gan Shuo and
Masahiro are relatively weak Kuei-jin, or else mortal assis-
tants. If Masahiro is present, the characters face a greater
challenge, particularly if they have no desire to slay the Kuei-
jin outright.

If the characters are the pursued rather than the pursu-
ers, they may need a respite or a way to shake off their rivals.
Both Brian Ang and Clive Cooper noticed the brouhaha
(especially if the characters consult them earlier). One of
them could come to the aid of the characters, stepping out
from an alley or emerging from a manhole and motioning for
the characters to follow him. Their rescuer leads the charac-
ters on. a circuitous, deliberately confusing path through the
sewers and tunnels under Mongkok, finally arriving at one of
Ang's or Cooper's numerous boltholes. Here, the characters
may rest in safety and take stock of their situation.

Either Ang or Cooper summarizes the characters' pre-
dicament in a few succinct words: "You have something that
everybody is looking for!" This is an understatement. Their
host informs the characters that news of a magical sword has
begun circulating throughout the shen underground, and
anybody who is anybody wants it. Both Ang and Cooper
know the identities of most of the movers and shakers among
the shen and cheerily (in the gleeful manner in which
disaster-hounds recite the latest catastrophes) enumerate
most of the individuals who are interested in acquiring the
sword.

Both the Nosferatu and the Nezumi know that Chun, Jun
Yow and the Genji want it. Cooper knows that a few of the
remaining Kin-jin may also desire the weapon, either for its
value as an antique art object or for its potential as a bargaining
tool; whether or not he chooses to divulge this information to
the characters is left up to the Storyteller. If the characters do not
know who sent the rival groups to the smugglers' hideaway,
either Ang or Cooper can identify Gan Shuo and Masahiro from
their own street knowledge. Neither Brian nor Cooper, how-
ever, is aware of Thrace's interest, and neither suspects the
involvement of the Dark Kingdom of Jade.

The characters should begin to get an idea of the sword's
import, both as a focus for Chi and for its symbolic value.
They should not yet realize the extent of the sword's powers
or the trouble that waits ahead of them as they decide the
disposition of the sword.

We

, +... +r es Ss + hl SlhUhLelUehUhLe he Ue hl OU le

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

141

Wy)
iy
a!

A _&4 A _A _A _A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A

B Ben
+ SCENE ELEVEN: LAKE OVER HEAVEN

Storytellers should keep in mind the fact that the sword

— ALARMING NEWS
("THE HORDES DESCEND")

has its own opinions as to who should possess it, and it does
not hesitate to make its intentions known (either through
controlling a character and making her agree to hand over
the sword, or through compelling her to attack an unsuitable
candidate regardless of the consequences).

eae aes Shen society, like any other com- The following examples offer a few suggestions for
plex and hierarchical structure, incorporating potential groups or individuals desiring to take

PRE demands rituals of protocol to main- _ the sword. The Storyteller should also feel free to construct

ERR tain itsintegrity. Despite thecharacters' her own rival factions and introduce new personalities into

SAREE AUR perceived urgency to complete their _ the mix if none of these suits his story or his version of the
mission and deliver the sword to their Middle Kingdom.

EET: patron or employer, they must follow ¢ Chun, Jun Yow, and Kazuko all prefer to approach the

= pope procedures. If they work for characters discreetly and formally, requesting a meeting and

Chun or Jun Yow, in particular, they
may have to wait for an "auspicious" time for a meeting.

One of the few exceptions to this custom occurs if the
characters have agreed to work with Ling Chu in his search
for the "murder weapon" used in the killing of the Heng Po
(see Scene Two). The Khan does not stand on ceremony
where matters of life and death are concerned, and he agrees
to see the characters immediately (provided they are able to
deal directly with him rather than with the front office of the
Hong Kong police).

While the characters cool their heels waiting for the
proper time to hand over the sword, the other factions
wanting it go into action. Unless the characters begin as
complete newcomers to Hong Kong, they are already inte-
grated into shen society (even at its lowest levels). This factor
means that other supernaturals have a chance of knowing at
least one of their dwelling places or how to get in touch with
them, either directly or through a third party.

The characters thus begin receiving a series of "visita-
tions," as various shen seek to take the sword from them. The
nature of each faction's approach depends on a number of
factors, including motivation, relationship to the faction
supported by the characters, a sense of honor and general
moral leanings.

The Storyteller needs not to involve all the possible
factions listed in the Allies and Rivals section at the end of
the story; a few choice rivals allows for greater interplay
among characters than a gallery of antagonists. Additionally,
Storytellers can decide which groups to include based on the
make-up of the characters. A group with a mage character
might respond more enthusiastically to challenges from the
Syndicate, while hengeyokai characters might relish en-
countering rival shapechangers such as Kintaro Tanijiro, the
ronin Hakken. Changeling characters are ideally suited to
deal with an attempt by Miao Min, the Monkey King, to steal
the weapon.

opening up negotiations for the sword. If pressed, Jun Yow
and her wu become aggressive in their pursuit of the sword.

¢ The Syndicate's initial approach might take the form
of an invitation to discuss the purchase of "a rare item of great
worth." Refusals by the characters opens them up to strong-
arm tactics or subtler means of exercising pressure to gain the
characters' cooperation. Resources might dry up suddenly, or
the characters might become victims of extortion or black-
mail. (See Technocracy: Syndicate for the arsenal of dirty
tricks available to this Convention.)

¢ Oliver Thrace works through middlemen since he
desires generally to keep himself hidden from the Kuei-jin
and the shen. If he somehow suspects that the sword is
connected to the Dark Kingdom of Jade, he does not hesitate
to use his necromantic powers and Spirit Thaumaturgy to
gain control of the sword or its wielder. Thrace is also not
above hiring someone to steal the sword from the characters.

¢ The Wu-Keng and Wu Lung wizards do not confront
the characters directly, but they use subtlety and, in the case
of the Wu-Keng, seduction to entice the characters into
handing over the sword. Of course, each faction warns the
characters against letting the sword fall into the "evil"
clutches of the other group.

MORE ON WEATHER - WATCHING

The weather continues to worsen until the
sword's fate is resolved. Regardless of the season,
meteorologists begin predicting a storm of monsoon
intensity for the Hong Kong area. Thick clouds
cover the sun, bringing perpetual twilight to the
Fragrant Harbor. A constant drizzle makes travel
miserable.

This phenomenon does not go unnoticed by the

shen. Nature spirits and hengeyokai, in particular,
realize that something momentous is hay ng in

the spirit worlds.

i , Vv Vv VY Vw yw ®y vy + Ys Yo lO
142 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

A_ds4 _A A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A

¢ Wraiths need to employ extremely indirect methods
to gain the sword (unless the characters are wraiths them-
selves and free to interact directly with others like them).
The characters may be approached by mediums or possessed
mortals speaking on behalf of a departed relative. (See Dark
Kingdom of Jade for the continuing relationships between
Eastern wraiths and their living family members.)

¢ Michaela Neff, the Reborn (mummy), might get
involved at this point. She, too, prefers civilized discourse to
outright hostility. She takes great pains to appear to the
characters as nothing more than a normal human who is
interested in preserving and protecting ancient artifacts for
posterity.

® Qian Shi and Gan Shuo employ the most drastic
measures to acquire the sword. Qian Shi arranged for the
sword's arrival in the first place and feels he has a right to it;
he sends more thugs to wrest the sword from the characters,
kidnaps (if he can) anyone close to them, blackmails them
and sends professional thieves after it. Shi may strive to have
the characters assassinated. Gan Shuo, while he has only
recently been made aware of the sword's existence (via the
smugglers in Scene Eight), nevertheless, he wants the katana,
for he believes he can control its power. He, too, sends not
only his mortal minions, but also his army of animated
corpses after it.

¢ Ling Chu's approach is, perhaps, the most up-front. If
the characters are not working for him and if he suspects that
they are concealing a murder weapon deliberately, he con-
fronts them directly. He first orders them to surrender the
sword; if they refuse, he demands an explanation. If that
proves unsatisfactory, Chu tries to commandeer the sword
from them. Things could get ugly.

Just when matters seem to have become as complicated
as possible, the arrival of Ren Wei, the Shih demon hunter,
adds another level to the story.

SCENE TWELVE: HEAVEN OVER LAKE
— TAKING RISKS (THE TRUE
HUNTER APPROACHES")

By this time, the characters' knowl-
edge of the sword should have grown
considerably. From Dong Tao's re-
counting of the tale of Isamu, they
know the sword bears a curse; their
experiences with the katana may allow
them to intuit the nature of the curse.
If any of them have fallen victim to the
sword's mind control, they may also
realize that something or someone inhabits the weapon.

Wraith characters have the best chance of recognizing
the presence of a P'o within the sword, but other characters
can sense that the blade contains a great deal of Yin energy
without any Yang to balance it. The thought of placing such
an item in the hands of any individual with power over others
(even their patron or employer) may seem less and less viable
as the sword becomes a focus for the basest impulses of greed
and covetousness.

When the Storyteller feels that the characters (or the
players) have had enough convolutions, she should intro-
duce the catalyst that launches the final phase of the story.
Enter the demon hunter.

The increase in supernatural activity has attracted the
attention of Ren Wei, a Shih hunter who specializes in
controlling marauding supernatural creatures. He is able to
find the characters without a great deal of trouble, unless
they go into deep hiding. Ren Wei's abilities to track the
supernatural enable him to trace the strong emanations of
Chi put out by the sword.

He does not stupidly pit himself against multiple oppo-
nents, but he does begin stalking the characters, by trying to
get them alone and picking them off one by one. After the
first such attempt, characters may choose to do something
about the pesky hunter.

If they can reason with him rather than try to eliminate
him, Ren Wei exhibits at first a singular lack of willingness
to trust any paranormal creature. Only the most careful
displays of good faith have any chance of scoring points with
the fanatic. Any attempt to control or affect Ren Wei with
supernatural powers garners his unrelenting hatred.

Should the characters manage to convince him that the
matter requires either his help or his agreement not to
interfere, Ren Wei considers their arguments carefully be-
fore demanding to examine the sword for himself. If the
characters let Ren Wei draw the weapon, the sword's P'o
seizes control of the Shih and forces him to attack the
characters.

Although Ren Wei's mind is strong enough to throw off
the sword's control after the first minute or so, the experience
convinces the Shih that the blade must be destroyed despite
its power as a shen-slayer. He is, however, subject to the
strictures of the curse; Ren Wei must either draw shen blood
or turn the sword upon himself before he can sheathe the
weapon. Unless one of the characters offers herself as a
sacrifice to fulfill the conditions of the curse, Ren Wei thrusts
the sword through his own body, inflicting enough damage
on himself to bring him to Mauled. Remember that the sword
needs only to inflict four Health Levels of damage before it
is satisfied; it's possible that the characters may not know this
or may have forgotten this piece of data. Thus, although it is
possible for a character to die at this point in the story, it is
not absolutely necessary.

]

x
Mp

wT ¥ «+. ee +. OY SO ee ee

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

14

vt

ih

_4 _A _4 _A_A_A _A__A__A_A_A__A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

If the characters attempt to care for the stricken Shih,
they may be able to heal some of his damage. He begins to
reconsider his opinions about the characters if they do so.
Ren Wei also agrees with them that the sword must not fall
into the wrong hands, but he has no idea whose hands are the
right ones. He has, however, heard of a very wise man who
lives near the Po Lin Monastery on Lantau Island. If anyone
can help determine how best to deal with the sword, it is the
venerable monk, Nian Shun. If Ren Wei is able to travel, he
offers to take the characters there as soon as possible.

SCENE THIRTEEN: HEAVEN OVER
WATER — CONSULT THE GREAT
PERSONAGE

("WHAT'S IN A NAME?")

"RRR Ren Wei uses his contacts at the
Po Lin Monastery to arrange a meeting

Sita with Nian Shun. Because of the ever-

ES increasing severity of the weather,

me eee however, travel to Lantau Island is
risky.

ESET, Storytellers should emphasize this

cig HMMS fact as the characters make their way

across the waters that separate Hong
Kong and Lantau Islands. Wraith or Kuei-jin characters may
see the ghostly ship of the pirate Da Nan shadowing them as
they make the crossing.

Nian Shun meets the characters in front of the temple
at Po Lin. There, they can explain to him what they know of
the sword. Like Ren Wei, Nian Shun asks to see the sword;
however, unlike the young Shih, the ageless one does not
attempt to unsheathe the sword but instead examines its hilt
carefully. At one point, Shun stops his analysis and looks up
at the characters, his eyes full of compassion. "So much
pain," he says. "So much sorrow."

After he has finished assaying the weapon, Shun in-
forms the characters that he might be able to help them
destroy it, assuring them that, in his opinion, the continued
existence of the sword will result only in great catastrophe for
anyone who comes into contact with it.

Shun invites the characters to stay at one of the guest
houses on the monastery grounds and asks their permission
to take the sword with him to a place where he can study it
safely without invoking its curse. Characters can examine his
motives freely through any means available to them; they
find that his honesty is without question.

If the characters allow him to, Nian Shun takes the
sword away and returns to his retreat near the monastery.
Ren Wei shows the characters to a small guest house where
they can stay in safety until Shun finishes with the sword.

It takes at least five days for Nian Shun to complete his
studies and make his preparations. The characters can take
advantage of this time to heal any wounds they might have
sustained over the last few hectic days or otherwise replenish
their resources of Chi.

When he summons them again, Nian Shun tells the
characters that he has discovered the sword's True Name and
has fashioned an amulet that empowers the characters with
the ability to destroy the sword and obliterate its essence
from the world. That is the good news. The bad news is that
this event cannot take place on this side of the Wall. In order
to dispose of the sword properly — banishing the spirit
trapped within it and freeing its Chi to mix with the cosmic
energies of the spirit worlds — the characters must them-
selves travel to either the Yin or the Yang World and enact
the ritual there. Nian Shun unfortunately cannot advise the
characters as to which realm would be the better choice.
That decision, he says, is theirs to make.

SCENE FOURTEEN: WATER OVER
FIRE — FULFILLMENT
("THE SPIRIT COURTS")

Armed with the amulet inscribed

eee a with the sword's True Name, the char-
Sone 22 acters must now cross the Wall into
ae MMMM one of the two spirit worlds, there to
ER perform the ritual that will destroy the
possessed sword and lay to rest (or ban-
ae MS ish) the P'o of Isamu Harujiro.
Vee By now, the storm that made it

difficult for the characters to reach
Lantau has crescendoed to a full typhoon, making it impos-
sible for them to leave the island (or for anyone else to arrive,
for that matter). As luck has it, openings to both the Umbral
(or Yang) Court and the Jade (or Yin) Court lie within five
miles of each other on Lantau. Getting to either gate in the
midst of a typhoon may present dilemmas of its own, though.
Characters with the ability to locate such portals into
the spirit worlds may determine the location of each gap in
the Wall (+1 difficulty due to howling winds, rain, and
pervasive roiling Chi). Nian Shun also knows the locations
of these passageways, but he waits for the characters to make
their decision as to which world to enter before he shares this
knowledge with them.

. Yy,vveVvveVTvvYVYveVvVY?V¥VeEeéiVieVWYyYiseYosFMs
144 HONG KONG BY NIGHT


—_i_A_A _A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

The group may debate long and hard over which world
to choose, or they may elect to use some method of fortune-
telling or divination to determine the more auspicious of the
two choices. In truth, there is no clear-cut, "right" choice,
and each world presents its own challenges.

THE YANG WORLD

An opening into the Yang World sits within the Po Lin
Monastery grounds at the center of a small, out-of-the-way
shrine. Characters who possess the ability to cross the Wall
and take others with them may do so. Because this event
forms the climax of the story, the Storyteller should facilitate
the characters' ability to enter either world as a group rather
than cut some players out of the finale. (Nian Shun is a good
source for amulets of various kinds. Also, the Stargazer Zhan
Xue, who frequents Lantau and knows Nian Shun, may show
up to assist matters with a timely fetish.)

Entering the Yang Realm throws the characters into a
raging sea of chaos, amplified by the resonance from the
typhoon in the Middle Kingdom. Characters must expend
Willpower to maintain their focus in this place of seething
life energies. (All Yang Chi pools are refreshed instantly by
exposure to this potent barrage.)

The presence of the sword acts as a klaxon announcing
an invasion of pure Yin energy, and the spirits that make
their home in the Yang World sense the sword's intrusion
and flock to defend their territory. While one of the charac-
ters chants the prescribed ritual and breaks the amulet
bearing the sword's True Name, the other characters must
fend off forays from various bizarre, amorphous guardian
spirits.

GUARDIAN SPIRITS

Rage (P'o) 7, Gnosis (Hun) 5, Willpower 6, Chi Reser-
voir 40

Charms: Armor, Blast Flame, Dragon Sight, Material-
ize, Shapeshift

The Storyteller should play this scene for maximum
drama and tension so that the culmination of the ritual
occurs nota moment too soon. When the ritual is completed,
the sword's spiritual essence explodes into a brilliant display
of fireworks, delivering three Health Levels of damage
(soakable) to any creature within 20 feet of it — including
the spirits. Isamu's P'o materializes briefly as a medieval
Japanese master artisan before it dissolves, howling, into the
overwhelming energies of the Yang Court.

The characters may take advantage of this distraction to
make a hasty retreat back across the Wall.

THETIN WORLD

To reach the opening into the Jade Court, the charac-
ters must brave the elements and travel to the port village of
Tai O. The small temple to Kuan Ti, the God of War, also
houses a passageway into the Yin World. Once again, Story-
tellers should assist players in finding a way for all the
characters to make the crossing into this world.

Entering the Yin World catapults the characters into
the midst of a full-fledged Maelstrom, also reflective of the
storm in the physical world. Here, in the realm of death
energies, characters must contend with the possible emer-
gence of their P'o (in the case of Kuei-jin or wraiths) or fight
off frenzies (in the case of Kindred or hengeyokai characters).
Storytellers should call for an initial Willpower roll from
each character upon arriving in the Yin World. Additional
rolls are left to the discretion of the Storyteller.

Again, the sword's presence does not pass unnoticed.
Wraiths from the Dark Kingdom of Jade seek to claim the
sword for the emperor. In addition, the creatures spawned by
the Maelstrom attack anyone who comes too close, includ-
ing the emperor's minions. Here, too, one character needs to
perform the ritual while the others protect her from harm.

WRAITH/SPECTRE ATTACKER

Rage (P'o) 8, Gnosis (Hun) 5, Willpower 5, Chi Reser-
voir 40

Charms: Armor, Calcify, Corruption, Dragon Sight,
Possession

An additional complication arises in this world, how-
ever. Isamu's P'o separates itself from the sword and
materializes as a Spectre to battle the characters for its one
remaining Fetter to the Middle Kingdom. (Statistics for both
the sword and the P'o are given in the Appendix.) Again, the
Storyteller should attempt to extract as much drama and
excitement from this final confrontation as possible; the
characters, if they succeed, should feel that they have accom-
plished something more than challenging.

When the ritual is completed, the sword implodes with
a deafening clap of thunder, causing three Health Levels of
damage (soakable) to anyone within 20 feet (as above);
Isamu's P'o continues to battle on, though the sword's de-
struction has weakened it considerably. When it finally falls
due to the concerted efforts of the characters, it shatters into
hundreds of fragments, which are sucked up into the Mael-
strom. Once this destruction happens, the characters are free
to return to the Middle Kingdom.

—_ + +e + YY. YoY Ye OY ee Oe ee

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

y


A _d4_A4 A _A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A&

ENDING THE STORY

When the characters return from their journey into the
spirit worlds, they see that the typhoon has dwindled into a
gentle rain. The characters may be surprised to learn that the
physical sword still remains in their possession; only its
spiritual counterpart — along with the P'o that inhabited it
— perished in the ritual. Now, however, the sword is nothing
more than a finely crafted katana, with its blade and hilt
showing signs of wear and aging. All the magic that empow-
ered it and the Chi energies that made it so destructive have
dissipated at last.

The characters need to decide what to do with the still-
valuable, spiritually worthless antique. The choice may be
obvious, such as delivering it (late) to their patron along with
an explanation of their actions. This may be possible for

characters in the service of Angtio Chun or another honor-
bound individual; other employers may not be so generous,
and the characters may face further complications as a result.
If characters know of Bishamon Kazuko's connection to the
sword, they may feel it appropriate to present her with the
evidence of the fulfillment of her personal quest. Some
characters may decide that the best course of action lies in
destroying the physical sword to eliminate any future possi-
bility of its attracting some other malevolent spirit. The
Storyteller should leave this matter entirely in the hands of
the characters; they have earned the right to decide this part
of their destiny.

As for what happens next, that remains in the hands of

joss and the inexorable turning of the Cycle toward the Sixth
Age.

"eZ ~

- ct

WY, |

opi

: : ¢ ; 4 3 [s
soar dpa, Fesloes oe

a ~

e
co 7, 2 oY OY oY YY oY Ys Ss UT Ye oe Se ee OUT Ue
146 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

—i_A_A A A A A A A _ A_A_A_A__A__A A A __A_A_A_A

ALLIES AND RIVALS

The factions interested in acquiring Dragon of the
Night include most of Hong Kong's supernatural commu-
nity. Below, in no particular order, are the major players in
the game, along with their particular motivations, disadvan-
tages and strong points.

¢ Angtio Chun: Chun believes that possessing the
katana will enable him to prevent the mainland Chinese
Kuei-jin from usurping his rightful place as ruler of Hong
Kong's Cathayan population. In addition, he plans to use the
weapon as a means of eliminating the remaining Kin-jin who
are polluting his realm.

¢ Jun Yow: Jun Yow hopes that with the katana, she and
her wu can overcome Chun and assert true rulership in the
name of the mainland.

¢ The Tremere: Oliver Thrace suspects the sword's
necromantic powers and desires it as a tool to assist him in
gaining control over the wraiths of the Dark Kingdom
outpost.

¢ The Kin-jin: Camille T'sien, Pedder's agent in Hong
Kong, may try to acquire the sword (if she hears of its
existence) to use as potential leverage in dealing with the
Kuei-jin. Unless someone informs her otherwise, she does
not know the katana has supernatural powers. On the other
hand, she has little reason to unsheathe the blade other than
simple curiosity.

¢ Qian Shi: The Kumo arranged for the katana's arrival
in Hong Kong through his smuggling connections. Knowing
of the sword's power, he wishes to use its Chi to bolster his
own magical abilities. If he discovers its effectiveness against
the shen, he may consider employing it to eliminate some of
his enemies in the supernatural community.

¢ Gan Shuo: The akuma desires the sword for himself
and for his master. He does not learn of its existence until
several nights after the sword arrives in Hong Kong, but once
he does, he attempts to get his hands on it through any means
possible.

¢ Dark Kingdom of Jade: The wraiths of Necropolis
Hong Kong are under direct orders from the Jade Emperor to
acquire the katana, and so they turn all their efforts toward
succeeding in their mission. They may attempt to influence
mortals (particularly living family members) to assist in
locating and gaining possession of the blade. The sword
itself, however, resists them actively, since the last thing it
wants is to fall into the hands of the Jade Emperor.

¢ The Stygians: Wraiths who serve the Stygian Hierar-
chy are a minority in Hong Kong, but they are determined to
continue their protection of Westerners who die in the
region. In their hands, the sword might give them the edge
they need to do this. They may even attempt to smuggle it out
of the Shadowlands of the Middle Kingdom by means of the
Midnight Express.

¢ The Syndicate: Despite their Technocratic alle-
giance, these mages want the sword to make use of it in
dealing with reality deviants.

¢ Ren Wei: The Shih demon hunter desires to use the
sword against the creatures he hunts and also seeks to keep it
out of the hands of the shen. He believes in the nobility of his
actions; this makes him, unfortunately, particularly vulner-
able to the katana's wiles.

¢ The Wu-Keng and Wu Lung: These rival wizard
factions both want the sword. The Yama King masters of the
Wu-Keng covet the weapon's corruptive magic, while the
Wu Lung see it as a symbol of power that may help them
reassert their place in the hierarchy of China. Both groups
sense the katana's potent magical energy and proceed with
caution should the opposing faction acquire it.

¢ The Reborn: Horus' Asian vizier, Michaela Neff, has
a great respect for ancient artifacts of any culture. If she
acquires the katana, she may study and preserve it. Con-
versely, Nian Shun, Neff's Chinese counterpart, has heard of
the sword's cursed nature and sees it as another source of the
world's pain. By destroying it, he hopes to lessen the amount
of suffering in the Middle Kingdom. Neff's and Shun's
conflicting intentions may bring about a confrontation be-
tween them.

e Ling Chu: The Khan "supercop" is looking for a
murder weapon. Unless he actually comes into contact with
the katana, he may not suspect its true power. Unfortunately,
like Ren Wei, Ling Chu may prove to be susceptible to the
sword's seductions.

¢ Bishamon Kazuko: This Japanese Kuei-jin arrives in
Hong Kong looking specifically for the sword. Because she
does not know her way around and acts alone, it takes her
some time to trace its activities. Her purpose in finding the
sword is to destroy it and end the curse on her family,
restoring their good name, even though the family itself has
passed into history

. Vo + or 2 oe ee ae Se ee

CHAPTER FIVE: DRAGON OF THE NIGHT: A STORY FOR HONG KONG

14)


VV ar

— \M Me I SES

A__A A A A A A A _A__A__A_¥_A A __A A A A A _A

APTENDIK:

WHISPERED WISDOM

THESFIRIT WORLDS

Just beyond the material world of the Middle Kingdom
lie the worlds of Yin and Yang. The following section
provides brief descriptions of these two source-worlds for Chi
energy. The Yang World corresponds roughly to Western
shen's idea of the Umbra, while the Yin World encompasses
what Western supernaturals call the Shadowlands, the Dark
Umbra or the Underworld. For more information on these
realms, see Kindred of the East, Dark Kingdom of Jade and
the forthcoming supplement Hengeyokai.

THE YANG WORLD

Just as the Yang principle embodies change, chaos,
creativity, fertility, passion, violence and all types of action,
so does the Yang World reflect the spiraling, inchoate mad-
ness of forms without form and substance without structure.
Each individual brings her own perception to this "fuzzy"
realm, imposing sense upon the senseless swirl of figures
without ground and interpreting the images that assault her
according to her own peculiar world-view. Thus, hengeyokai
view this realm as a primal wilderness, where wildness reigns
unchecked; the inhabitants of the Yang World personify the
spirits of nature, both benevolent and malign. Creatures of

the Dreaming (changelings) view this world as their lost
homeland, an ideal place of creative energies and the birth-
place of dreams, ideas, illusions and nightmares.

In describing this realm, Storytellers should attempt to

evoke the unpredictable, fractious and exhilarating nature of

pure, unadulterated creation. Brilliant colors, heady aromas
and cacophonic melodies should assault the senses (syn-
thetic experiences can also add to the utter strangeness of the
Yang World). To creatures with high levels of Yang-based
Chi, the experience should be an inspiration and a catalyst.
Yin-based creatures, on the other hand, feel distinctly un-
comfortable and disoriented — literally out of place — in
this antithetical realm.

THE TIN WORLD

Entropy, decay, stagnation, passivity and rigidity consti-
tute the hallmarks of the Yin principle and form the
cornerstones of the Yin World. Though more familiar in its
similarity to the Middle Kingdom, the Yin World (otherwise
known as the Dark Kingdom of Jade) appears dark, forebod-

ing and a little shabbier in comparison with the world of

living beings. This is the abode of the dead (the truly dead,
as opposed to the undead); wraiths and Spectres inhabit this
dreadful landscape.

O

rywvpevy+eiVGV¥YfW¥#feGM¥MbekiVe.GeVvVVYw+pePVO-ViOW?®WViY® OY =

q APPENDIX: WHISPERED WISDOM 149

A _4 A A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Storytellers should emphasize the dull colors, foul odors
and rot and dissolution. Buildings (unless they are fashioned
from white jade — a substance refined from the souls of
unfortunate wraiths) seem worn and decrepit; the "sky"
overhead bears a leaden cast, and only the howling of the
great Monsoon (or Tempest) that surrounds the settled areas
of the Dark Kingdom pierces the silence in much of the
realm. Yin-based characters should feel at home (if not at
peace) here; Yang-based characters find this realm almost
unbearably confining and claustrophobic.

THE YOMI WORLD

The Yomi World also makes itself felt in Hong Kong,
albeit sporadically and indirectly. The Wicked City of the
Yama King Mikaboshi adjoins Hong Kong (as it does with
many other places); from here, Mikaboshi sends bakemono
and elemental agents to do his bidding. The Hell of Being
Skinned Alive, ruled by the Yama Queen Tou Mu, also
juxtaposes Hong Kong at certain inauspicious times and
places. Tou Mu has few agents, but possesses the body of
a mortal or shen occasionally, and uses the hapless husk
to enact her schemes. Tou Mu's hatred for the Kuei-jin
is rivaled only by her loathing for Mikaboshi; the two
plot against each other ceaselessly, using Hong Kong's
shen as pawns in their war.

ASWORKD AND ITS MASTER

This section presents full descriptions and
statistics for the enchanted sword and its resident
P'o, both of which form an integral part of the
story outlined in Chapter Five.

TATSUKO SAYO: DRAGON OF THE
NIGHT (CURSED KATANA)

Chi Reservoir: Yin 30 (used to activate
sword's powers)

A katana made of the finest steel, ham-
mered and folded more than 200 times to
achieve its strength and durability, Dragon of
the Night is set into a haft of carved white
jade. The sword possesses an elegant simplicity
lacking in more ornate weapons. Its perfect bal-
ance makes it easy to wield, even by a novice, and lethal in
the hands of a trained swordmaster.

POWERS

Dragon of the Night possesses a number of powers given
to it by its maker, the master swordsmith Isamu Harujiro.
These powers, which utilize Chi (from the sword's reservoir)
to activate, include:

7

¢ Enhance Skill: Should its wielder be unfamiliar with
swordplay, the katana grants her two dice in Melee. If she
already knows Melee, it increases the wielder's skill by two
dice (to a maximum of 7). This power costs one Chi to use
and lasts for one scene.

e Extra Damage: In addition to the standard damage
listed for a katana (Strength +3), Dragon of the
Night also allows the wielder to add her level in
Melee to the Dice Pool for damage. Those who
have only the two levels of skill granted by the
sword add only those leveis. Wielders who have
Melee skill add only their natural skill level to the
damage, not the extra levels granted by the sword.
Shen take aggravated damage from the sword. The
cost of this power is one Chi and must be declared
before each swing of the weapon.

This power may also be used to enable the
sword to cut wraiths and spirits. While the sword is
charged with energy, the wielder may make a
normal attack against a wraith or

spirit, provided the wielder can
sense the presence of the in-
tangible being. The blade
inflicts damage to Corpus,
Power or Chi, whichever is
most appropriate.
© Chi Bestowal:
Whenever the
sword draws
shen blood, it
drinks in Chi
points to replen-
ish its own Chi
Reservoir. It also
generates a point of
Chi, which it bestows on
its wielder (one point for every
three points the sword takes in). This

Chi can be used just as if it were the wielder's

own Yin Chi. Such a heady inrush of Chi may
cause the wielder to seek other opportunities for
acquiring more Chi through the use of the sword.

e Spirit Crossing: When Kuei-jin seek to cross

into the spirit worlds, many do so through using jade
figurines enchanted for such a purpose. Dragon of the
Night lets such crossings be made without need for the
figurines — its haft of white jade serving in their stead. When
used for such a purpose, the katana is not left behind as the
figurines usually are, but it travels with its possessor. Note
that the katana is filled with Yin energy, making crossings
into the Yang World more difficult (+1 difficulty); con-
versely, crossing into the Yin World is made easier by a
corresponding amount. Ironically, the P'o animating Dragon

150

<0 Mae, SE, So, Me Ok Pe ea ee A Oe Mi ei, a i. ae a ae

HONG KONG BY NIGHT


A__A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

of the Night has no desire to enter the Yin World, from fear
of falling into the hands of the Jade Emperor. It therefore
attempts to prevent its wielder from entering the Yin World,
trying to Dominate (see below) her into compliance with its
wishes. There is no cost to cross into the spirit worlds when
using Dragon of the Night.

¢ Reflection: Because the katana wants no one else
controlling its wielder, it adds its potent magic to her attempt
to resist anyone or anything else's control. When used to
offset Dominate and Presence Disciplines, Mind Magick,
Puppetry or the mind-controlling powers of the fae or
hengeyokai, the katana grants its wielder a Willpower of 9 to
resist. If the wielder already has a Willpower of 9 or better,
this portion of the power has no effect.

Further, the sword's wielder may utilize Tatsuko Sayo's
Chi to resist commands as if the wielder were spending
Willpower to overcome the effects. Usually, the sword does
not grant more than three or four points of Chi to such an
endeavor, since the wielder should have sense enough to
either leave the area or draw the katana to slay the shen
causing the trouble. This power costs one Chi to activate,
plus as many points of Chi (to a maximum of four) as the
katana allows its wielder to use. Note that the katana may
refuse to utilize this power on its wielder's behalf if a Kuei-jin
suitable to Isamu's needs is trying to Dominate the wielder
into giving him the sword. Additionally, it grants no immu-
nity to its own attempts to Dominate (see below) its possessor.

CURSES

Offsetting the powers of the sword, however, are various
curses that have made Tatsuko Sayo the object of the spirits'
wrath and the bane of those who have attempted to hold it
over the centuries.

© Dominate: The P'o within the sword can attempt to
control its wielder, thereby causing that individual to obey
its wishes (which usually consist of instructions to attack
chosen targets). Other uses of this power include compelling
the wielder to take the sword to a particular place or search
for a certain person. The sword need not be unsheathed for
noncombat-related commands.

System: The P'o engages in a resisted roll, pitting its
Being against its target's Willpower. One success allows the
P'o to control the actions of the sword's target for one scene.
Additional successes increase the number of scenes during
which the victim must heed the sword's instructions. The
controlled person may expend Willpower to overcome the
weapon's control temporarily or to take an action detrimen-
tal to the blade (such as asking someone for assistance in
breaking the sword's control). This power costs five Chi
points for each use.

¢ Attraction: The sword's beauty and quality are such
that individuals trained in the use of a sword (particularly a
katana) must resist actively the temptation to possess it.

System: Any character with a rating in Melee must
succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) or try to acquire the
sword in the manner most appropriate to her temperament.
For example, a thief might try to steal it from its current
possessor; an affluent individual, however, is more likely to
attempt to purchase the weapon.

© Blood of the Shen: Once drawn, the sword cannot be
returned to its sheath without spilling shen blood. If this is not
possible, the wielder feels a compulsion to plunge the blade
into her own body. In this fashion, Dragon of the Night
ensures that inept or unsuitable individuals do not possess it
for long.

System: The sword must inflict at least three Health
Levels of (aggravated) damage on a shen before its wielder
can return the weapon to its sheath. Each level of aggravated
damage inflicted restores one point of Chi to the sword and
is the only way in which the weapon can replenish its power.

Furthermore, the three newly acquired points of Chi
permit the sword to generate a fourth point, which is be-
stowed upon the wielder. (See above for uses of this Chi.)
Receiving such bursts of Chi can become addictive.

To resist the suicidal compulsion resulting from the
failure to draw shen blood, the wielder must succeed in a
Willpower roll (difficulty 8). Self-inflicted wounds generate
no Chi for the wielder (but grant the sword three points of
Chi if the wielder is shen). Once the sword has inflicted three
Health Levels of damage on its unlucky wielder, it lets itself
be sheathed (until the next time).

ISAMU HARUJIRO, "VENGEFULSPECTRE"

Background: As a master swordsmith and swordmaster
in medieval Japan, Isamu Harujiro took justifiable pride in
his craftsmanship, so much so that he attempted to cheat the
gods rather than see his work destroyed. Using his prize
katana Tatsuko Sayo (Dragon of the Night), he declared war
on the spirit worlds, annihilating many spirit creatures before
falling finally to the legendary shen warrior Ishitaro.

Imprisoned in the Dark Kingdom of Jade, Isamu came to
the attention of the Jade Emperor, who coveted the famous
sword for himself and ordered the wraith to procure it for him
from the Skinlands. Instead, Isamu escaped from the Yellow
Springs and reentered the living world as one of the Risen
(though not as a Kuei-jin). As such, he sought out to reclaim
his sword and finish his self-appointed mission to slay as
many spirits (and even the gods themselves) as possible.
These plans never came to full fruition, though; a Shih
demon hunter, Shizuko Kokoshin, caused Isamu's second
(and final) death, sending Isamu's Hun to Oblivion.

The swordsmith's P'o proved to be harder to dismiss; still
bound to Dragon of the Night by its desire for vengeance,
Isamu's P'o imbedded itself within the hilt of the sword,
imbuing the weapon with a crafty intelligence and a hatred

vy ee ee ee ee ee ee eee ee

APPENDIX: WHISPERED WISDOM

151

W
<

=

Y /

ss

"an
sy,

FO

GG eeeEeEeyEeyrEEEEEEEEEEEEE——_e EEE ee eee

for those who caused his demise. The sword passed from one Fetters: Tatsuko Sayo (cursed katana) 5
samurai family to another for centuries, bringing destruction Corpus: 9
| on each family in turn through the workings of its curse. Being: (Covetousness) 8

Finally, in the 20th century, the resourceful P'o conceived a

Angst: 8
| plan to possess the body of a powerful Kuei-jin, thus enabling :

Psyche: C I
it to assume a bodily presence in the Middle Kingdom apart SS Seer a es

‘ from the sword that has been both its vehicle for revenge and
| its protective prison.

Passions: Seek Forgiveness (Humility) 3, Destroy Cursed
Fetter (Righteousness) 2

Fronds: Guilt

As long as it remains in the Middle Kingdom, Isamu's
Composure: |

P'o remains confined to the sword it inhabits. Should Isamu
enter the Yin Court once more (particularly if brought there
by the player characters, as part of the conclusion to the story ‘,
in Chapter Five), he may separate from the sword and
materialize as his true form — a Spectre of the Doppelganger
Caste. In this form, he can both wield the sword and use his
own powers, thus presenting a formidable challenge for any
who dare to confront him.

| Image: Isamu Harujiro appears in Spectral form
| muchas he did in life, except that his face is twisted
into a perpetual mask of hatred directed at the
creatures of the spirit realms. His muscular "body"
| testifies to his membership in a demanding craft,
while his quick, lithe movements proclaim his
agility in physical combat. He retains the medieval
|

Japanese dress and hairstyle familiar to him from his
mortal life.

Roleplaying Hints: No one can best you with a
sword, particularly one of your own making. Anyone
wielding a lesser weapon is beneath you. Show no mercy to
your inferiors, unless they happen to possess bodies suitable
for your purposes. Under no circumstances will you let
yourself fall prey to the Jade Emperor or his minions again.

[; of
i} |

Hy]
jl /

Note: More detailed information on Spectres and /
their powers is available in Dark Reflections: Spectres, a
supplement for Wraith: The Oblivion.

Caste: Doppelganger

Le et eee pee ,
ae

Nature: Perfectionist
Demeanor: Director
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

<i

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1:

a
wo,

| Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4, Intimidation3 |
| Skills: Crafts (swordsmith) 5, Melee (katana) 4, |
I

NN

Stealth 4
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Enigmas 3, Linguis-
tics 4, Occult 4

Backgrounds: Artifact (cursed katana) 4,
Shadowlands 3

Dark Passions: Destroy the Shen (Hatred) 4, Ac-
quire a Suitable Body (Covetousness) 5

Arcanoi/Dark Arcanoi: Contaminate 3, Embody 3,
Larceny 3, Shroud-Rending 5, Usury 3

TINO
WO ZZ

Wh

a
<t-

ie a vvifv
152 HONG KONG BY NIGHT

a i i Ge Ci a file

THE OLD WATS
ARE NO MORE

Hong Kong: China — the world's
greatest bastion of capitalism is now

engulfed in the coils of the Communist

dragon. But more important changes are

afoot in this crossroads city, where vampire

and werewolf, ghost and Goblin Spider, mage

and mummy mingle. The future is now, and

tonight's deeds may lead to apocalyptic retribution
in the mortal and spirit worlds alike.

THE END OF THE WORLD

er
\E 4

ee
2

ram

> ) |
Pent DEGINS TONIGHT
a Se, aii World of Darkness: Hong Kong is a city book that
ee ws fe ° ‘ i
x oy (; Bi; describes the unique and deadly metropolis of Hong Kong.
le si fh. This volume includes a never-before-seen mix of all character
"ke =: nS ) types, from vampires to wraiths to mages. All have their roles
al =: , , to play in the spirits' game.
4 Hg ‘
e FS Kh
op ' Ss) %
% — Zs
| ei Os
eons 9 WOKLD OF DARKNESS: HONG KONG
. Aa
1 . INCLUDES:
2 ® :
e
at | e A setting in which characters of all types can mix and mingle
4 e A crossover with every Storyteller game
ay ¢ A complete story that immerses characters and players in
Hy Hong Kong's supernatural culture
Bw
"
DIX

OO9

7

9°181565°042223

PRINTED IN U.S.A

CAME STUDIO

< a a = . a mn SEREI ai oe ee ee ee ee
