# File: House of Tremere.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

$6) ic SOURCE) BOOK
i MPIRE: THE be AGES*

=


By Rosin D. Laws


CREDITS

Author: Robin D. Laws

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

‘Additional Developments Richacd E. Dansky
Editor: Richard Ruane

SpectaL THANKS

To Chad "Vodka Silverpants" Brown for being the one,
true Patsy Cline fan;

To Astrid "My Favorite Gen
things to name here. We miss

(* Mosler for woo many

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Artz Mitch Byrd, Guy Davis, Vince Locke,
‘Conan Venus

Front Cover Art: Patrick Lambert

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction
735 PAIK NORTH BLD. wihoue the writen permission ofthe publishers expressly arbidden
except fr the purpones cf reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
smay be reproduced fr penonal se only. White Wol, Vampire, Vamnpre
CUURISTON, GA 30021 Se Maced, Vangie the Dak Age Mage the Ascension, Wek of
Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publish
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewol the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf
POPLISHING the Will Wes, Mage the Sorcerer' Craade, Wraith the Great War,
Trinity, House of Tremere, Blood Magic Secrets of Thaumanurg, Blood Treachery, Libellus Sanguinis2 Keepers ofthe
Word, Liege Lord & Lackey, Sorcerer Revised Edition, Transylvania by Night, Transylvania Chronicles, Tanya
Cinronicles Dark TidesRisingand Year ofRevelations are tadematkscf White Wolf Publishing Inc. llrightsreserved.
All character, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc
The mention of or reference to any company of product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
of copyright concemed.
Thisbook uses thesupematural forsettings, charactersand themes. All mystical andsupematural clementsare fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains marure content. Reader discretion is vied
Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF,
Check out White Wolf online at
herp:fwwwwhite-wolf.com; alt. games.whitewolf and rec games frpstoryeller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


CONTENTS

Pretape: AN INTRUDER'S BroGREss

INTRODUCTION: AL HOSE ENSSPIvE OF FrseLr

Cuaprer ONE: AN ANCIENT Rot

Cuaprer Two: A Faraway Cfrapet

CuaprTer THREE: A House DpvipeD

CHAPTER Four: THE BELLY OF THE BEAST
CHapTER Five: THOSE DAMNED AND SOON TO BE

CHAPTER Stx: SECRETS OF THE WORKSHOPS

CHAPTER SEVEN: SHADOWS OF CEORIS



Progres

Gs the secret dooce sealed chust bebripx> bine

Bogdan fourrd that he could not move foeward

Dis body voould not ober hirn De voatched his

firigees felt the urmrevirig Hood within: birt

fuer gelid iter an instant, Bogdan krevo vobat he

felt as irmpeobatle as it seerned: This vwoas tervoc This

voas not tobe expected Ddariksscvohirrsed! ashis

beetheen reve bir as the feactess ore De woos the

one vohed astonished all by voadirig intto a bortice

toretcicvehis sice'sbat tle helin Bogdan vos the ore

whod defied the Tzirnisce voher ther tried to beeaks

Y) hin Viothirig theryd dore to his body coudd irmuce

hirn to betcay his beothers' secrets Bogdan vous the

ors voho could not be broker Orly he condd be teusted,

if captuced to ceveal nothing Oe voas the ore who'd stood

lorie int the sriove belove the lupirse pririce anid derrcarided

of bin bis rreat chacrn Bogdan belted the leather bag

containing the chacrré it had worked, neutealizirig woacds

and opening locks It voas the accused Trerrere vwoho

showtd feet fene - of pir Bogdan vonifed arid his dood lost

its chill De tried to move his fingers arid save that he coudd

Be closed his eres foe a moment. arid thers woent forvoard
into the secret charrber's depths


lf Colga were anywhere in this cok, wind rattled edifice, it
would be her; in the hidden chambers where only the Cainite
Tremere ventured, Colgahad not been heardfrom in monthsand
tha srely been found out by the clin whore allesiance he'd foe
solong feigned. Bogstan ch nt ibe many Caines hisclanmates
‘included, but fle affection for noble, nacureloving Cola.
Boyghin had spent many weeks in Coes in this guise as
retainer to one ofthe mortal mages, As washis woot he'dimade
‘himself unnoticeable. He'd listened tothe servants gomip, He'd
ated himself with the mortalapprentices. He'dsniffedout
the Cainites among them. His own suppesed master knew
‘nought of theCainite world. Itamused Bogdan. For hundreds of
yen he'd heand of the these wizards' might. They could make
forests walk or cause castes to crumble with the meres gesture.
Yet they couldn't se that Usurpers walked among them
A clattering sound echoed up the stairs towards him. He
brought himself short. He shrank back against the stone wall,
ling its dampness through his wool tunic. If someone
the sain he had no hope of escape
He stood still for while, but heard no further noise. He
quickly made his way down the res ofthe steps tothe comridoe
below: It was no grander than the ones above. Several doors
al before him. Although he'd well acquainted himself with

the chanery's public areas, bed never been through the hidden
kaw before unl teal no ides of the extent of these urecen
harnbers. He hal no choice but to open doors at whim till be
nl the cell where the prisoners were kept. They had to be in
thesectet pur, forthe mortal magessworeCeorishekinocaptives.

Bogdan froze again as he heard sounds from the nearest of
thedoors. Thedoor was thick, and casein iron. He wasconfident
that he coukd carefully creep along the corridor' length without
‘ising an alanum with whoever clattered incite Surely
‘would nor be among the fint rooms an
ter. He moved carcflly along the son

abo lined with metal door. He beard no wun, and
lf so far asto testa door, Hiscreepings would come
to nothing if all the doors here were well locked. But the door
groaned slightly as he shouldered it, and opened. He lifted his
{amp to illuminate the darkened room. Inside were Gargoyles
He braced hienself tor die combat
Bur —he let loose a foreshortened gasp of relief, isin in
decades — the Gargoyles were not moving. They were deat,
stuffed and mounted lke hunter's trophies. Each boee a pussing
rmalformanon separating them tom the animated specimens
Bogsian knew from the guardhouses outside the chantry. Then,
Bogslan hard scratching ar skiterings from ebewhere in the
room. Along two walls ofthe room were stacked cages most too
small whokladoe: Boysian peered into the cages and saw beasts
‘whore pars did not belong together. rat with the filmy wings
of a dragonfly. A smging maggst-thing, bigger than
propelling itself along the floc ofits cage on several pair o
tongues. A mouming dove whose brews auppurated
with the slow pubingsof what could only be
Bogshan had seen many awful sights

cuan'sprivates


resembled. he creaturesinthe cages were dferentin some way
Boylan did't have the words for. They were ill-tted patch-
‘works, bom cutofacolder kind of madness than the Tzimisce's
‘Colga could explain it. He would find Colga and all would be
right. He should be leaving this room to find Colga — there
‘would benocellkeyshere—but he caukdnotstop himself from
Peering into the cages. He told himset that his brothers woukl
want to know the secret ofthis room.

Obe cae: wan obscured by a ntstained clth. Bogan
‘moved it aie, then cuned himself for his lack of caution. The
‘beast inside was formed from the hindquarters of two wolves 50
thateachsetofleg facedthe other and metin the middle tomake
a bucking, headlew beast. Doscnsof sharp spines rose up through:
itsnaked, pinkish hide. Then the pines opened and Boyshan srw
that they weve infact the beaksof counclessbirds The bird began
twochirp. Began wanted to nah tothe door, make ure that no
‘one could hear the eruption of squaeeking. Bur something about
the noise bound him to the spot. Among their screeching,
‘cxophonous song be soon heard words. Words in his home
dle. Then he ea the names hs te. ser i
long-dead children. He: shaking Then the words
changed. They named al ofthe times Bogdan had been threar-
«ened, ule, tortured. They gave word tothe terror he'd told
himselt he'd never felt. They put the lie w his fearlesnes,
screamed of the temo he'd pushed down inside himself. The

creature'ssquilingplledthese tert from Jeepineie hi ard
‘wrapped him up in them, 0 that the Beas took him.

Boyan awoke and thought ie natural that he would be
found toa stoo! in an ill-itcell His arms were tied behind
him, and his ley wo those ofthe stool. He tested his bonds but
‘wasteasingly scolded by the insinuating voice ofa woman who
stepped, on soft-shod feet, into the chamber.

‘She came closer

Boyghan saw her beaury: an abohute teardrop of face, sin
that drank ofthe lamplight. The cu of her bleach-white robes
reminded Bosian vaguely ofa nun' habit. She foed him in a
hungry gaze he'd seen before in other captors. They all thought
thot with a few crazed looks and some eloquent threats they
cou fngheen bien ino betraying his brothers

"Tam Mendcamina. {will earn who sen you and why."

‘They were always confident, at first.

"1 won't promise you your life," she continued. "We
both know such a promise would be an absurd lie. But you
«can spare yourself pain."

Bogdan resolved to stay silent. It was the best way to
frustrate them, he'd discovered.

"You've learned dhe jay mind somewhat to
thought-stealer," she J, her eyes sparkling in the
Jamplightasshe leaned towards him. "But! know that your
name is Bogdan, that you've come to rescue someone, and
that you believe yourself immune from my blandishments
Bat chat is because you are an unimaginative man. Your
mind cannot begin to encompass the agonies I wield. The
‘Trimisce and what they did to you —I could by comparison
make that a pinprick."

Bogdan was surprised at how deeply she'd been able
to cleave into his mind. But the things she wanted to
know were well protected, hidden beneath layers of
willfulness and concentration.

She caressed his face with dry-skinned fingers. "You
pride yourself on your fearlessness. Yet the chitterer broke
down the walls of your courage as sure as Hebrew trumpets
felled Jericho."

Bogdan decided that it would be right to ask questions.
Even though he had failed to find Colga, he might glean
useful knowledge to take back to his brothers, after his
inevitable escape. "What was that beast!" he asked.

Mendacamina smiled and leaned back from him. "A
trifle served up by one of my colleagues. Her perpetual
experiments with nature always amuse and sometimes
prove useful. I've found her chitterer a fine thing to soften
aan over-proud mind."

Bogsdan heard objects being moved behind him. He
strained to tum his head to see, but could not. He heard
pethaps four people. They grunted,asif iting a heavy obect
Then there was a scraping nove — something large and
metalic being pushed across the cell's stone floor

"Itdrove me to blood-rage, itis true. But now Lam not
frenied, and whatever torture device you ready, I tell you
ic cannot force me to apea."

Mendacamin's retainers wheeled the apparati ito sight
{wasa lange box, cas in bronce inscribed with tocere'ssyubuls
Jurting a few inches out from the box was a whee the ste of
footman's shiek Mendacamina strode over wo the box and
withdrew from ita long tute, ako of browe, made of many
ticulaed pars, each nested in the other. Boystan fel rough
hands on his face. They twisted his neck to one side. He hear
chanting there were others in the oom, beyond the lamp's circle
filumination. They were makingmagc. Bogsdan felt seething
most beingarphiadtohistemple Hiseyeswateredaspeuriaated
for the spot. He thought e could smell his flesh melting,

"You desire information to take back to your brother.
Though you will never again se them, Ishall nonetheles tutor
you The tube I hold isa. carmuda. And this—" She revealed to
‘hima sharp, trangia blade affixed to the end of the tube.
this is called a pocar. Together they allow me to aspiate laid
froma subject. The larger device—"she indicated the box itself
*—makes of your mind a pasty sort offhuid." She signaled fr the
lighting of ether lamps, a tak her minions inumedtely per
formed. The new light revealed a table, upon which sat a
slobe-shaped thing, hidden beneath a length of dyed linen. "As
you can see, a second tube travels from the apparatus, where it
feeds someone | wish you to meet, Bogdan." She pulled the cloch
quickly away from the object, revealing it asa thice-fot beon
head, with hinged jaws and bobblang eyes of ivory encased in
‘aqui illed glass globes The face seemed to grin a him. "This
is Paracelaus He is eager to tte the pulped contents of your
brain. You said, Bogdan, that I cannot force you to speak, and
that is true. But Paracelsus, he shall speak for you."

‘And she advanced, trocar in hand, ready to plunge i
{nto Bogdan's temple.



4
(
Gnd the cain descended and the y/I
floods carr, and the wirids blevo
and beat upon that house ardit fel: I
and great voas the fall of if
-Matthevo 7227


BESIEGED

Ceoris stands as the ultimate symbol of House

Tremere, the brash conspirators of the

izards of Europe and the beazen Usurpers of

tlie Cainite darkness, Its magic-hewn walls, soaring

towers and impregnable foundations seem to repre-

atall the power of the blood magicians within. But

J perches in the most inaccessible part of

mia. Dark things creep about it at night,

stony monstrosities flit from its towers and screams

echo in itshalls. Ceorisisa testament tothe Tremere's

efforts to keep the world's predators out and their
own evils tightly locked within.

And predators and evils there are aplenty.

ENEMIES WITHOUT

Newcomers on the Cainite scene, the Tremere
have made enemies with blinding speed. Their "theft"
of vampirism and their founder's diablerie of Saulot
have cas nas Usurpers, powerful snd dangerous.
‘Some try to destroy them outright while others wish
to profit from the newcomers.

Tue Fienns or Carparnia
eoris's most implacable foes are the Tzimisce
voivodes who rule much of the Transylvanian night.
‘These inhuman ancients beara terrible grudge against
the Usurpers for its from them thar the Tremere stole
the secrets of unlife. But that disgrace only fanned the
sof an already brewing hatred bred in pride and
ter ‘The Tzimisce were loathe to share their
domains with prancing mortal hedge wizards and the
move to vampirism has only made the conflict greater.
The Tzimisce know that Ceoris stands as an affront to
them, proof that they are notasdominantand superior
as they claim. Destruction is the only solution.

Te CLANS oF CAINE

The other Cainites, both in Easter Europe and
chewhere, are slightly less vengeful. Gangrel and
Nosferatu have suffered in Ceoris's dungeons, and
many do wish to avenge Saulot, but vampires are a
pragmatic lot. The Tremere show a few signs of fitting
in just fine — their lust for power and brash actions
have echoes in all clans — and many princes and
cldersare willingtoaccommodate them. Ifthey weaken
and embarrass the Fiends, so much the better.

More importantly, the Tremere have their uses.
They wield a potent new kind of blood magic and

HOUSE

seem willing to use it in exchange for some petty
considerations. They are also neophytes in Cainite
ways, and so more easily manipulated. Far better to
cstablish a few links to the Usurpers, use them as best
‘one can and then destroy them from within. Outright
warfare isa last result.

Andanyway,Saulotandhisbrood really were prigs...

Tue Dreap Kapaa
The very air of Transylvania seems to bear ill
‘omens like dry leaves in the wind. The nights are

deeper, the storm fiercer and the winters colder than
they should be. Friends turn to enemiesand insults to
violence in a heartbeat. The grace of God seems very
far away, indeed. While Tzimisce lords and simple
human hatreds have their share of the blame for this
dark atmosphere, a good deal of it comes from an
infernal influence. Kupala, a devil of ancient origin,
has suffused the lands of Transylvania and surround-
ing countries with its dark aura. t feeds on pride and
lust for power, encouraging dark magical workings
and other dread deeds and slowly turning practitio

ners to its ways. The magi of House Tremere. so full
of pride and hunger, are ideal candidates.

Tue Orber oF HERMES
House Tremere, before its fall to vampirism,
was a founding member in an association of mortal

Root oF ALL AND Stars Apove
Throughout House of Tremere there is
mention of two powerful and enigmatic spiri-
tual beings: Root of Allaid S
are invoked at the fost

the epich raneyHfgnia

ere archer posltises

' RaronicletiThey

fine spirits invoked for power;

We Kupala or Saulot; Tremere

himself (or another vampire) may have ax-
sumed their mantle to better control his brood.


affairs while maintaining the pretense of humanity
before their hermetic co the time
being, the deception hol ans are grow

well that they d

Rivats WITHIN

If the walls of Ceoris resonate with the at
tacks of enemies, 5p « that force
that keeps the m4 * ful, ambi.

them. Pi

resumed in m
some factic
and the house as a whole

CONSERVATIVES

atives are
hey are har
3c. P al
rival Goratrix are thi
truly bind them together.

ConsPIRATORS
The s are the
servative who de:
them from far where he
Tremere. In Transylvania, his childe and appren
a in. Conspirator
ng the rest of the mortal

on charisma. (
to Etrius's caution, and
as the future. Only the «
for caution forces Goratrix's allies
instead of acting openly


TS

Not a faction per se, independent magi still
account for mast of the Cainite and mortals war-
locks in C is. It is the head chantry of the house
and the center of its power, so most see working
there as a validation of their own superiority,
Pa ing in Ecrius's and Goratrix's feud is a waste
of time when there is war w be fought and great
new magical vistas to be opened. Every magus feels
hers is the most vital field of research, the most
enlightened view and the best way forward. So
most hunker down in thetr laboratories and strike
at rivals for personal slights more than any real

ise of ideology.

Mortars
Little do they know it, but the mortal magi of
is — and of House Tremere as a whole — are
shrinking minority. Many in Ceotis stick to their
Jabs and libraries and ignore the nightly skulking of
their betters. An instinctive recognition of the
predatory nature of the Cainites cows some into not
asking too many questions. Some of the mortals are
not $0 easily dismissed, however. In. particular,
Tosia, a powerful sorceress burning with a Christian
belief, sees evidence of the infernal in the nighttime
activities of her fellows. She is preparing to move
against them,

RVANTS AND SLAVES

The vast majority of Ceoris's inhabitants are no
‘magi at all. They are soldiers and mercenaries, Gar-
sgoyle beasts of war, servants and apprentices. They
are beneath notice as far as their betters are con-
cemed, but they see and sense a great deal about the
place. The Gargoyles are a new bloodline taking its
first steps toward some form of freedom. The mortal
servants are free enough, until they accept special
blood potions from certain magi...

How.To
Use Tus Book

House of Tremere is your guide to one of the
most secret and hidden place in the Dark Medieval
world: Ceoris, the head chantry of Clan Tremere
Behind itsdark wallsand in itsserpentine catacombs,
‘Tremere took the step toward vampirism and shared
hiscrime of diablerie. Cainite captivesscreamed and
were forged into Gargoyles. From this place, the
vampiric world has been shaken to its foundations.
Now its secrets are laid bare for you.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

House of Tremere is mostly intended for
Storytellers, providing them with a complete set-
ting ready to welcome enterprising Tremere
neonates or other Cainites. The material here
can stand on its own, but additional context
appears in Transylvania by Night (which covers
the entire region around Ceoris and the other
<lans' doings), the Transylvania Chronicles
(which tell of Ceoris's fate) and Libellus San-
guinis 2: Keepers of the Word (which reveals
other Tremere secrets). The profiles of various
mortal magt also use the hedge magic paths found
in Liege, Lord & Lackey.

Gerine THere Is HALF THE FUN

Ceoris and House of Tremere pose # conun+
drum toa Storyteller. Much of the place's mystique
exists precisely because it is inaccessible. But if
the players' characters never get to Ceoris, then
this book ts hardly that useful, now ts it!) eral
options exist to actually get characters into Ceoris.
The easiest, of course, is to play a coterie of
Usurpers. They may arrive in Ceoris for training
and research, to help in the war with the Tzimisce
‘or even to gain the Embrace in its dark halls.

In most cases, players will want to play a
variety of clans, however. Getting them to Ceoris
then depends on when the coterie coalesces. If
the Storyteller wants to use Ceoris as the center
of the chronicle, then those with non-Tremere
characters can portray envoys from the other
clans secking information and possible alliance
with the Usurpers. The characters can then come
together with a few Tremere neonates for their
‘own reasons (possibly to forge just such an all
ance). If Ceoris is to be only one stop (or the final
stop) in a more varied chronicle, then the charac-
ters should come together elsewhere. With even
one Tremere in their midst they could garner an
invitation to Ceoris after proving their willing-
ness to stand together.

ConTENTS

Chapter One: An Ancient Rot chronicles the
history of Ceoris and through it the fall of House
‘Tremere to its own pride and desperation. Hatred,
jealousy and bile have tainted efforts in
‘Transylvania from the very beginning and the
magi's damnation is only the culmination of their
self-made fate.

Chapter Two: A Faraway Citadel reveals the
hard road to Ceoris. In the words of one of the


chantry'scnemies, this chapter sh
cult it is to get to the Usurpers' home.
Chapter Three: A House Divided chronic!
the nightly affairs of the chantry. The
reports on the various rivalries and petty hatreds
that tear apart his house
Chapter Four: The Belly of the Beast reveals
the rooms and hullls of the chantry. From the lowly
quarters to the resting place of Tremere
self, it isall exposed for enterprising Storytellers.
Chapter Five: Those Damned and Soon to Be

ils the prominent inhabitants of Ceoris. Most are

other
clans, mortal magi, ghoul servants and Gargoyles also
lurk in the dark halls.

Chapter Six: Secrets of the Workshops pro:
vides a variety of new game systems for use with the
inhabitants of Ceoris. This includes otal
magi, new paths and rituals of Th and the

fed beasts from the chantry's ies

Chapter Seven: Shadows of Ceoris examine
the other prominent Tremere chantries in Europe
Paris, Vienna and Dutham are home topowerc
in the house that will outlive € alt.

TE OF ITSELF



Cut is the bearich that might have
growon full steaight.
Gnd bucred is Apollo's leuel bough,

That sometime grevo withirs this
learried rrscart

-Onistopher Wlaclowe, Doctor


REVELATIONS

‘The Posthumous Testamentof Ponticulus, Former
Mage of Ceoris

Biciurges,

How strange it sto have flesh again... tofeelapen in
my hands, chair beneath me... corun my hands over the
surface of thisdesk. [fecl ascnse of joy uf inmuxication. But
this isa ods with the reason I have taken your body, why
Thold your pen in your borrowed hand. [already feel your
will fighting with me, and | have much to write.

‘Thouyl: I died long before your birth, Bitwurges, 1
know you well. I have watched you. Do not be sur-
prised. Know that Ceoris is full of eyes, no two pairs
working towards the same precise end. My eyes are
those of a wretched and helpless shade. I see all thar
transpites in this cesspit of blind and murderous am-
bition. 1 have seen enough of you to know that
cloaked beneath your strutting airsand peacock's garb
is sharp mind, hungry for che truth. I will write until
your arm is sore. Feed you more truth than your

fh can take. It may give you pause, Bitiurges.

let fear or caution deter you from doing the

at are necessary, You, of all che still-living

magi, offers me my best hope. I know you to be more

worldly than that stupid, cross-kissing Tosia. You

surely see that the missive compose in your own hand

is more than just the sending of some interfering imp

|. Investigate the facts I lay before you, Bitiurges.

wow their truth. Act, I implore you. The monsters
can still be destroyed, before all is lost

‘Your hand did not slip when it wrote "stll-living,"
Bitiurges. Read on, and I shall explain.

THE ConsECRATG
AANNOo DoMINI

‘Twenty years before the turn of the millennium,
seven men and women gathered in the mountainous
wilderness of central Transylvania. They stood to-
her on a rocky outerop near a rough trail. | was
one of the seven. | remember how the dusk welled up
in the sky, driving off the swollen sun, swallowing its
nge-lit clouds. Though the beauty of the
ent had a strangeness about it, it was beauty
nonetheless. It was the last pleasing sight my living
eyes would ever drink in.

Our guardsmen, guides and servants kept their
distance, watching the horses. There were twodozen of
them, | suppose. I was not in the habit of paying
attention to our retainers. At the time, | would not
have noted their fear. Now that I spend hour after hout
watching the human servants of Ceoris, observing

HOUSE OF TREMERE

them in their passions and in their drudgeries, I can
better guess. They'dhave been wisely frightened. They'd
seen and heard many unsettling things during their
Years of service to us. Like the women who sceuh your
pots and the men who guard your walls, they saw us as
eccentric and forbidding masters. Few of them were
born Transylvanians, but by

well enough to fear a night in ite wil

dangerous creatures, sent by Satan, haunted the hills
and valleys. They knew they could not depend on us to
use our power to protect them if the creatures came. It
would be they, the servants, wha would he expected to
stand fast, axes raised high.

‘And why should we, the robed figures on the
‘outcrop, care for the fate of mere expendable men? We
had already lived for hundreds of years, our vigor main
tained and extended by mystical rites and alchemical
extracts. We were magi, wonder workers whose mastery
of sorcery's secrets allowed us transcendence over the
laws of nature, including the aging of our own bodies,
Leading us wasa tall man with coal-blackeyes: Tremere,
head of our house, who once nearly became absolute
ruler of all Europe's magi. To each side of him were his
closest aides, fervid Goratrix and cautious Etrius. Across
from him stood placid, consoling Meetlinda. Complet-
ing the circle of seven were Arundinis, whose doom
would come before the next century; Anguisa, who
would not survive anather spring; and Ponticulus, who
hhad but minutes to live.

That is my name—Ponticulus. The day Ceoris was
bom was the day I died. And I have been sealed in its

cage ever since.

Tue Rirua

Goratrix had surveyed the location, devised the
ritual and chosen the autumnal equinox as the auspi-
cious moment for the inauguration. On this site we
would erect Ceoris, the crowning jewel in the string of
chantries Goratrix had placed throughout Transylvania.
‘The entire territory was rich in vis, the raw material we
we to power our workings. (Forgive me, Bitiurges, if 1
write what you already know. Pethaps you will need to
press these leaves of parchment into the hands of one
unfamiliar with our practices.) This spot, Goratrix's
painstaking calculations had told him, would reveal the
most abundant vein of all. When he passed his agate
pendulum over a mere map of the region, it quivered and
‘scopped above this spot.

Actacks against the villages chat supported our
other chantries had increased over the past months.
There was no question that the hellspawn were behind
them. This spot would require extraordinary defenses,
in keeping with the great power ic offered. It would be
less a tower of learning than a fortress of might,


strongpoint from which we could do
natural landscape for hunde
direction. Such a ca

nate the super:
of leagues in every
struct well-suited our leader
<i. The last rays of light
leeched from the sky. Goratrix began the rite. He
withdrew the miter of gold from his sack and unscrewed
ieces. He handed one to each participant,
of the staff to Tremere, his ma
the chalice of the spheres, pe
into itthe ancient wine they'd found at Runcu, adulter:
ating that with the salt of Thoth. He passed ir first
Tremere, who drank of it and gave it back. G
gulped it, top, and passed the vessel to Etrius. C
waited until all seven of us had taken the potion. He
led to his manservant, who was ready and blew a
unting horn to wam the other retainers to turn their
backs. They did . We stepped out of our robes,
exposing our sun-starved, flaccid selves to the cold
winds. Goratrix asked if any present wished to make a
sacrifice than his. We knew not to gainsay hi
rt of the ritual. He would provide the roots,
the trunk of the great tree that was to be
s. He would invoke the power of the axis mundi,
the mythic world tree that isthe center of ll existence.
Tremere handed him the sickle. He took it in his right

Goratrix revea

ing arc of
2ok more than
n to the blade

the sickle to sever his phy
that. The flesh does not always yield,
trix had to saw away at it. Where

jus. But it

it, the d gushed like « fount

[still remember the warm wet fe

against the naked skin of my be!

We knew Goratrix had the magic

his phallus back. And I confess that we ha
become inured to dark tt

a taste for the grimmer pag

tantly, we knew that any outburst

the chant, would be fatal t

maced, stecled himself, tore at what w:
it up for us to see. Staggering, he place
desired spot

eft, and held

dit upon th

Then my shame. Perhaps a shame that saved my
soul. Certainly one to grant me one monstrous existence
instead of another.

I did what I should not have dor
myself. I remember the feeling rising up in me, the desire
tosuppress it. my attempt to constrict my throat. My eye
filling with water. Then my knees betraying me, falling
beneath me. Finally, the purging of my stomach. The bile

AN ANCIENT ROT


came up in me and out of my mouth. I knew even then
what they would have todotoprevent my weakness from
forever spoiling this perfec site. Not for an instant did |
think they'd spare me.

Tremere must have nodded to Goratrix, sanction-
ingthe inevitable. Despite his injury, Goratrix found the
strength to step forward and, using the sume blade with
which he'd maimed himself, cut my ehroat. I brought my
hands to the wound. | must have withdrawn one of them
im my last moments, for the final image of my living days
is of my palm, eed and slick.

Though | hate them. | will not claim thar my murder
played easily on their souls. They were not as yet accus-
tomed to slaying their own. Arundinis and Anguisa
wordlessly withdrew knives from the pockets of their
discarded robes and got to work on my unworthy corpae
The knives, meant for ritual display, proved ill-suited to
the task. Isaw the rest asif from on high. I watched them
cut my flesh and saw my bones

Frrius took the lead for the remainder of the ritwal.
He procuced asack of Cretan earth and emptied it in the
middleof the circle. He waited for Arundinisand,
to finish, then took my severed head by the hair. He
planted ie in the mound of earth.

Now a question danced across Etrius' face. Where
to put Goratrix's severed phallus, now that my head
hhad to be buried in the mound too? Etrius studied
Goratrix's face; neither was permitted to speak. Eerius
would have to decide

Why did Etrius make the choice he did? 1 have
never been privy to anyone's thoughts. All I can say
for certain is that, with his fingers, Etrius pinched my
ddead mouth open. The soul-roceed son of a Viking
bastard put Goratrix's member inside my mouth, which
he then closed. He spaded the earth over my head.
‘The six remaining magi completed the chant. They
ppt their robes back on. Etrius cleared his throat,
loudly. Goratrix' servant heard, and blew the horn.
Arundinis and Anguisa bore Goratrix toa tent, where
Meerlinda performed the spells to stop the bleeding
and commence the regrowth,

That | remained there, an invisible shade with the
consistency of smoke, is surely no coincidence, how-
‘ever. The order's tomes had said it was common for our
ilktolurkin the realm oflivinga few moments, but that
T have remained all these centuries testifies to the
power afoot that accursed night. By placing Goratrix's
member in my severed head, Errius bound me to the
spot. That bookish devil will claim innocence in any
such endeavor, but do not trust him Bitiurges. He rose
to Tremere's right hand chrough guile and betrayal just
like the rest of us. He meant for me to linger and grow,

pethaps as his spy orslave, pethaps for his own pleasure.
Trust him no.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

CONSTRUCTION

‘Construction would begin in earnest in the spring. In
the meantime, my murdered soul watched teams f retain
ers comb the mountainside, exploring and mapping its
‘many natural caverns. Builders and miners consulted with
Goratrix, more sullen than usual in his winter of second
puberty, working out the details ofthe grandest engineer:
‘ing project since the fall of Rome. Goratrix wanted hard
things, mundane things, to make his bulwark against the
‘creatures: battle-toughened fighting men, reinforced wall,
murder holes, a portculls, traps.

| found a home for myself ina tiny seed beneath the
earth. Spring came. The seed began to grow. had aform
again, though not a human body.

One day, Goratrix came, with Arundinis and
Anguisa, to ascertain that the sign was present. If the
‘omen was right, the hundreds of workers they'd readied
could be brought to the site. There was supposed to be a

ling growing on the spot where they'd buried my
Sateeisess Tsavored the looks of shock and
anger on their faces. I was a great, oak-like thing with
writhing, oily leaves. They drew closer and saw that
etched in its bark my mocking feacures. | opened my
newly-grown mouth, drooling sap, and wamed them
that they did the bidding ofa thing none of them knew.
| felt the beings Stars Above and Root of All clawing
through my dark roots. I was about to name them when
‘Goratrix et the tree alight with aspell.1 fought back. My
branches punctured Anguisa's chest before Goratrix and
Arundinis killed me for the second time. Again I was
reduced to the status of pitiful shade. I heard Goratrix
swear Arundinis to silence. He looked about for another
sapling, pulled it from the ground, and replanted it where
my tree had been.

JyF Se STRUCTION:

For nearly five years I watched them complete the
structure. Antlike, a small corps of masons, carvers,
miners, hewers, smiths, carters and laborers toiled under
the supervision of Goratrix's chief engineer. Again,
these were all ordinary men, beneath the notice of
prideful mages.

‘As dedication time drew close, Etrius came to
survey the site, and to ch-so-dispassionately questioned
the efficiency of his rival's building methods. | saw
Goratrix bristle. Did Etrius? He was always cold as an
eel, even when the blood that pumped in his veins was
his own. I could not read his intentions. Errius asked
for, and received, Tremere's authority to magically
‘enhance Ceoris' fortifications. He created a massive
fissure in the earth, cutting a miles-deep trench around


Gonurix's mountain chanuy, always the little acolyte,
displaying his capabilities before the master.

‘When the building was complete, Goratrix and
Erriusexamined the listofhirelings who'd worked on the
construction. They selected the men who knew more
than was convenient about their new fortress. They told
the more sensitive magi of the house that the builders'
memories would be magically erased. They'd be borne to
their various homelands. They'd awaken from their
walking slumber with gold in their purses, and would
forever wonder how it got there

Goratrix and Errius had these builders killed. The
others were permitted to settle in the villages around
Ceoris. The magi promised them fertile land to farm
and the protection of thei mighty castle. Those who
did not see the attraction of this offer were also mur-
dered. Some of their fates were delayed: They died
many years later on the tables of Tremere or Goratrix:
I believe they were trying to construct homunculi from
human tissue. One laboratory subject in particular
screamed in a singular way, like acat being flayed alive,
and his eties still ring in my ears

(There is something that creeps among the pines
‘outside Ceoris to this day. Lean glimpse itonly faintly,
for it is too far from the foundation to which [ am
bound. Its howls remind me of those ancient screams
You should find this thing, Bitiurges. It might be an
escaped homunculus, eager to balance accounts. It
could confirm this tale, or tell you secrets to which
even I am not privy.)

Jus Fagy ‘YEARS:

Tremere did not move into this new chantry. As
was his custom, he kept moving from one enclave to
another. He made Goratrix lord of Ceoris, but also
installed Etrius to work at his elbow. The rivalry
between the two men turned gangrenous. Goratr
who previously exercised an interest in matters
nal unusual for a magus, now slept in an unshared
bed. I will tell you that his regrowth left something
tobe desired. He muttered ceaselessly about it in his
private moments. He blamed Etrius for his sorry
condition; if Etrius hadn't put the member in my
mouth, all would have been well. Etrius did litele to
case Goratrix' turbulent mind, continually chiding
him for his supposed rashness. That conniving
lickspittle cast me asa shade and Goratrix as a
cunuch in one fell swoop. Other magi from the
House of Tremere moved in. Some tried to remain
‘on good terms with both men; others enthusiasti-
cally sided with one or the other of the rivals

‘Over the next decade and a half, Ceoris repelled
the occasional nighttime raid launched by forces w
the time called night creatures. There were bandit
attacks, too, surely motivated by the region's fiendish
tulers. Aithough the raiders slew many in the surround:
ing villages, Ceoris itself proved impregnable to them.
Act first, the attacks greatly concemed the magi. The
other Transylvanian chantries suffered more seriously
from enemy assaults, but the raiders always fatled to
press their advantage after successful strikes. Goratrix
and Etrius became equally complacent. The haphazard
timing and half-hearted execution of the attacks led
them to surmise that the night creatures were a disorga-
nized, barely intelligent lot

A Disquierinc Mystery

During this time, the magicians of wis faced
increasing frustration in their researches. Fruitful:
seeming avenues of magical inquiry began, one after
the other, to disappoint. Rediscovered spells found in
mildewed texts wouldn't work as described. New in:

ons took longer to formulate. Each sequestered
behind his own stack of arcane tomes, none of the

at first noticed that their colleagues shared
thatr coseping senex of having reachodn craps lim
In France, LeDuc's Grand Emanation of the Emerald
Knives collapsed without warning, slaying both of his
apprentices. Some found that their philters of immor-
tality did less to lift sagging muscle or invigorate tired
bones. Only in 995 did the magi of Ceoris discuss their
mutual dilemma and resolve to inquire into its causes.
1 saw their fear and took pleasure in it, They were
supposed to be masters of all! Their occult knowledge
gave them surpassing understanding of all the forces at
work in the world. Yer now they were proven to be
fools. Some force they did not understand was slowly
stripping from them their sense of control over exist
‘ence. My laughter became audible then, echoing
through my corridors and up to the cupola of the
Grand Library.

In 996, Etrius proved that the potency of the
chantry's vis was slowly but measurably diminishing.
In 997, Ceoris hosted a grand conclave of Tremere
magi who came from as far away as England and
Jerusalem. The house now realized that they faced a
universal diminishment of their powers, Their schol
ars extended various hypotheses to account for it, The
approaching millennium had changed the numero-
logical basis for magi, one popular theory claimed
Others said the stars were shifting. Der
winning the war in Heaven, still others

J. The
conclave concluded in an orgy of wishful think

only a few dissenters were willing to even entertain
the possibility chat the power they'd worked so long.

HIN ANCIENT ROT


for, that in many cases maintained thelr immortality,
could snuff itself out like a spent candle. Whatever
the problem was, it was surely cyclical.
‘Tremere himself had decided otherwise. When the
conclave members left, he gathered the magicians of
‘cori together and proposed that they proceed as ifthe
¢ were about to happen. He put Goraerix in charge
of a grand investigation into the failure of their work-
ings. From 998 to 1000, Goratrix cajoled and coerced the
other resident scholars of these halls to bend their
researches as he wished. Through augury, visionary
reditation, astrological calculation. and alchemical
Isis, they eventually uncovered that their workings
were beginningto fade. The hermetic path was fading for
sod, Both Goratrixand Etriuscontributed tothe project
seat leaps of understanding.
Etrius wished to share their results with mages of
He argued that if Ceoris researchers could
in so short atime, the combined effort of
Europe's hest mindswenld certainly find an even quicker
jon ro the encroaching mystery. (Bitiurges, if you
assthis etter toun uninitiated reader, you will certainly
explain that the magi of House Tremere are but one of
many groupe who make up the Order of Hermes.)
Tremere enjoined Etrius, and all the others, to
silence. They obeyed him, of course, but whispered
behind his back. Why would he withhold the know!
edge they'd gleaned? Goratrix guessed that Tremere

meant them to find new means of achieving immor-
tality (0 eclipse the known method, the future of
which now seemed in doubt. With so great a new
ccret in hand, their House would finally rule the
others. Tremere would reverse his eatlier failure to

take over the Order of Hermes.

I was at about this time that Arundinis vanished
while on a journey south to Athens, along with a quartet
‘of the House's stoutest bodyguards. A search party fol-
lowed Arundinis' trail to the Danube's banks, where
they found nothing but a destroyed encampment and
oddly tangled vegetation.

Beas Y=

Tremere ordered his followers to investigate ev-
ery possible substitute for their immortality workings.
Ceoris split into rival groups, each certain of its
methods and anxious t0 prove the others wrong.
Nuntius oversaw a project co distill potent herbs into
«new immortality drug; it would not require magic to
brew, he claimed. Paul Cordwood researched ways of
measuring and then distilling the human soul. Epistatia
pursued a discipline she called spiritual migration, by

HOUSE OF TREMERE

which magi could abandon aging bodies in favor of
healthy ones. The alchemist Therimna sent parties
‘out to the farthest comers of the world rocapture some
of the monsters of legend. whose parts were then
admixed into a variety of foul-tasting and utterly
inefficacious potions.

Errius's Hett- Mourn

Hypocritical Etrius delved into diabolis, seckin
to duplicate the effects of that forbidden fields rituals
without actually making direct contact with demons.
How typical of him to make such a meaningless distinc.
on! Tremere himself had dabbled in diabolism after
his failed attempt, centuries past, to take over the Ordet
of Hermes, but had abandoned ic after pinpointing its
central paradox. Demons weak enough ro be domi
nated by a mortal mage are never powerful enough to
perform workings worthy of the trouble involved. De-

‘mons mighty enough to grant great boons cannot be
dominated: they always cheae the magur in some way.

Tremere forbade his followers from engaging in infer-
nal dabblings not out of moral or spiritual qualms, but
because the spells weren't effective enough. Etrius now
reasoned that the power of diaholic worthip might lie
(or be made to lie) not in the demons' power but in the
repetition of ritual demands. He won Tremere's ap-
proval to embark on a careful course of research into
this proposition. After seeing poor results from the
sactifice of pigsand chickens, he sent retainers out into
the countryside to seize the virginal daughters of farm-
cers and foresters. He sacrificed over two dozen young
women over his two decades of research. Etrius re-
peated his experiments with newborn babes assacnificial
subjects, to no better effect. Sometimes he summoned
demons unintentionally, sometimes he got nothing but
2 few foul smells for his trouble.

His most spectacular failure, though, came on
the autumnal equinox of 1003. The stars were right
for appeals to Hell, he had discovered, and a grand
ritual was in order. He had the secret names of three
princes of Dis, or so he thought, and was ready to
make demands backed by the blood of eight new
victims. He succeeded far beyond any hopes, and
opened a doorway to Hell, allowing demons to take
over an entire floor in the chantry's dungeons! | feel
no shame at the queasy delight that shook me as the
‘creatures poured up from the infernal depths, searing
flesh and cutting bone. Two magi, four apprentices
and a half-dozen retainers were consumed by hellfire
‘or torn asunder by demonic claw before Etrius found
4 way to partially reverse the ritual, closing a door
and sealing Hell behind it.

When the crisis had passed, recriminations com:
menced. Naturally, the others wished Tremere'sfavorite


humbled, expelled, even slain, for the danger in which
he had placed them all. They dragged him before the
‘conclave and demanded that he justify himself. His
sputterings and twistings in defense of his actions were
delicious to behold. First, he argued that he had done
everything correctly, that another had surely sabotaged
him. How Goratrix's eyes bulged when he saw that
Etrius sought to shift the blame to him! I could not
contain my laughter; the magi did not hear it, but saw
the flames of their candles gutter. At Tremere's com-
mand, Etrius withdrew the accusation and then claimed
thardemons had addled his senses. Surely, he said, they
would be compelled by his devout faith to strike at him.
The disclaimer of fault was ludicrous, and one by one
the others spoke for his descruction. Yet at conclave's
end, Tremere held up his hand and took on himself the
responsibility for Etrius' failure. He had advised Etrius,
aided his theory, sanctioned his experiment. If Etrius
was to face expulsion, so should he. Did any wish to
szand for his destruction? The conclave fell silent.
Etrius' wet eyes, aimed adoringly at Tremere, were
those of a lap dog.

Tue SOLUTION oF GoRATRIX

It was Goratrix who arrived at the fruitful theory.
Noting that the night woods supposedly crawled with
reputed immortals, he resolved to investigate the crea-
tures, He spent several years combing hermetic texts for
vampiric lore, finding litle of use.

‘Then someone left Arundinis' head at Ceoris'
threshold. Servants crossing the drawbridge found its
desiccated remains one damp November morning. In-
dividuals unknown had placed it just on the other side
of the chasm separating the fortress from the terrain
around it. Goratrix claimed the head, wishing to test a
spell he'd found in the necromantic texts he'd been
consulting. Performing a ritual which involved pow-
dering and ingesting the skull, Goratrix relived crucial
moments from Arundinis' last days live. His party had
been set upon during the night by creatures he soon
came to know as vampires. He was kept alive for
months and tortured to the breaking point. He'd re-
vealed many of the House's secrets to his chief torturer,
a sneering beast named Roland. However, in moments
of self-control he'd supplied much false information as
well, greatly exaggerating the power of the Ceoris
‘mages. Goratrix dictated the contents of his visions to
an apprentice, and later sifted them for clues to the
civatures' whereabouts. He sent partiea out to find
landmarks he'd seen.

In 1005, Goratrix sought Tremere's blessing for a
daring raid. He personally led a war party to Roland's
haven. His most ferociously loyal fighting men hacked
their way through the Tsimisce elder's own corps of
retainers. Dozens were slain on both sides of the

battle, but the assembled mages ultimately bound
Roland in sigil-inscribed chains and scorched him
with fire. Goratrix promised him his freedom in ex-
change for answers. From Roland, he gained his first
inklings of the breadth of vampire history and power.
He leamed that the vampires belonged to factions,
called clans. Roland, for example, was of the Trimisce,
a family of decaying aristocrats who mold flesh like
clay. He also learned that these beast reproduced by
draining the blood of mortals, hence transforming
them in a process called the Embrace. | cannot in the
short time I control your hand convey all Goratrix
learned about the night creatures, Bitiurges; | must
continue my narrative.
When his head reeled with answers and further
guetion cluded him, Gortrix commanded Roland to
‘two shocked and unsuspecting apprentices,
‘Stephen and Pharus. Upon his retum to Ceoris, Goratrix
bade Stephen and Pharus follow him down into his
private suite of He secluded himself for
Years without boasting of any progress at all. Ceoris'
inhabitants soon came to speak of Stephen and Pharus
in the past tense.

DESPERATION SETTLES IN

As the years ground on, and one group after
another saw promising queries sputter and fail, an
atmosphere of desperation descended upon ‘the
chantry. When experiments went awry, magi cast
bitter looks at their rivals, certain they'd been sabo:
taged. Vincius, apprentice to Paul Cordwood, was
found strangled in his bed in 1011. This happened not
long after Epistatia humiliated herself in front of the
assembled magi by failing to project her consciousness
into the mind of a captured hunter. She'd accused
Vincius of putting the evil eye on her during her
demonstration. She denied involvement in Vincius'
death. Nothing was proven against her

Goratrix came to her defense, but at a price: He
insisted she abandon her researches and assist him
with his, Episeatia was recruited to assist him in cast
ing his consciousness about the world, of perhaps
through the ghostly realms of the underworld, in
search of further information about vampires.
Epistatia's aid allowed Goratrix a series of break
throughs. So much so that one might be forgiven for
suspecting him of murdering Vincius in order to lure
her under his sway. (I did not see it happen, but think
it more likely than not.) He contacted at least two
different entities who provided him with crucial in
structions. Having been the world tree of Ceoris, |
recognized them as Root Of All and Stars Beyond, the
beings who had filled my roots with hate. Goratr
inquiries continued for another eleven years,


learn who these beings really are
Without them, the damned
been built and our house
nd damned. Perhaps, armed
nd trustworthy others might
ride and willfulness have dane tous

Ti i BECOMING!

sed tw a select few that
in his final experiment.
re, Etrius, Meerlinda,
associates. For
icipants went with

heritual. Atthe
» fell upon the Em-
ind Pharus, tore them
cir flesh and blood, like
int days. From violent delirium
ecstatic agony, and then into
they awakened, hours later,
living. Vampires

HOUSE OF TREMERE

None but Goratrix expec
tard Calderon lunged at his

commanding voic
all sense and decency, and

them close at hand, ordering t
chantries in their stead. They
ext seven years, struggling t
laws that ruled their bodies. E
dwelling recluse, worried tl

see through the ruse. But
magicians were too p
searches to notice the

Ieried screaming into their ea
could not make myself heard.

For decades I had cr

condition, to exercise some


‘Ceorts. One night, in 1024 1 think it was, | watched
Errius feed upon a once-innocent giel stolen from a
nearby village. I wept at my helplessness, as I had so
‘many times previously, weeping tears as insubstantial as
the rest of me. But this time the tears fell upon Etrius'
brow. He looked up, startled, and ceased his feeding.
Etrius could see me.

Thated him, and yet here I had an opportunity to
speak, Was there still enough rationality left in him to
make him see the slope on which he and the others
slid? If could have seized him by the throat and shook
him to his senses, | would have. But Thad words as my
‘only weapon. I told him | had observed the explor-
atory rituals of Goratrix and Epistatia. They'd sensed
imy presence and tried several times to drive me off,
bur each time I'd found a crack through which to slip.
‘When humansdrink the blood of vampires, I'd learned,
it is far from usual for them to become vampires
themselves. They become ghouls, half-mortal slaves
tothose whose blood they consume. But Goratrix and
Epistatia's otherworldly patrons had provided the
means to ignore this law of vampirism. They'd also
supplied power to the ritual. Etrius shook his head,
rejecting my words. | demanded that he think back to
the ritual, remember the forces invoked. | had smelled
All-Root and Stars Beyond, knew one of them as a
sort of demon, the second as something other. The
greatest of the Tremere, who'd always considered
themselves the masters of all, had made themselves
mere puppets. And for what? For what? Mere life, |
fairly shrieked, mere life! There was only way to te-
verse the slide, tohonor whatever greatness they once
had. The eight would have to take the ultimate
control over their own existences, and end them
Suicide would be the only way.

Etrius nodded and agreed to kill himself. He sought
‘out Goratrix, and told him of his encounter with me.
Joined by Epistatia, the two came to me, mouths full of
lies, and attempted to bind me forever into an astral
cage. Do not think me stupid. 1 was prepared for
possible betrayal, and had readied a ghostly trick of my
‘own — for in Ceoris my power is great. In a way, | am
Ceoris. At least, !am as much a part of it as its stomes
and its mortar.

Destroy me, Bitiurges. Destroy Ceoris.

How THE TZIMISCE
LEARNED OF CIs

Ifthe Tremere vampires would not kill themselves,
[realized that I would have to motivate their enemies
to do the deed instead. I waited for a Tsimisce spy to
appear among our retainers, and sure enough, one did.
took over his hand as I now take yours, and wrote

letters to his master, a vampire called Rustovitch. The
letters repeated Goratrix's account of the capture and
slaying of his childe, Roland, the Embrace of Stephen
and Pharus and the ritual of usurpation. The letters
found their mark, and soon Rustovitch's armies were
besieging our chantties.

AL War In EARNEST

\Vampire-led ghoul armies swept through the other
Tremere chantries of Transylvania, destroying most
of them over the course of a mere two years. I have
since learned about the other vampire clans who
joined Rustovitch's war: the barbaric Gangre! and
hideous Nosferatu. Even magicians fell as wave upon
waye of shrieking, hissing soldiers swarmed pi
defenses. Survivorshid in the woos and then stragled
to Ceoris. Ceoris itself suffered a number

intended by Rustovitch more to demoralize the
Tremere than to deliver a death-blow. He and his
allies were winning. but «till had no real means of
breaking through these walls.

Like a naif, 1 had hoped Rustovitch would have a
way to slay only the eight. I did not mean for him to
make all mages his foe. I never wanted a war. | ceased
imy letters, and despaired at the failure of my gambit. |
beseeched fate to let madness seize me, o that |
forget my errors. But it would not do so. It haunts me
‘still that | managed only to accelerate our damnation in

pe it.

¢ Cals os Wi Yeu

The escalation 10 056 war against the night crea

tures made these walls into a cage of terror. The mortal
‘magi smelled dread in the air. The mote perceptive of
them noted that something was gravely awry within the
ranks. Both Goratrix and Etrius had withdrawn from

day-to-day activities. Others close them were be-

coming equally reclusive. They restricted access to
many of the experimental chambers, Strange noises
emanated from the dungeon, now also forbidden to all
but a few. I admit I played a small role in opening eyes.
Opening a doorway. Leaving a book open to a crucial
page. Yet I feared to intervene too closely, having
behaved so stupidly before.

L took what petty pleasure I could in watching
hostilities break out among the usurpers. Goratrix
argued that only the immediate Embrace of all howe
members would give them the strength they needed to
fight back on an equal footing against their vampire
attackers. Etrius proved an equally passionate advo
cate of caution. The Embrace of unprepared magi


would bring nothing but confusion and betrayal. Their
colleagues had to be carefully, methodically prepared
wndon their illusions of morality. Tremere agreed

rius but played the two men against one an-

other, stoking the long-simmering hatred between
them. On several occasions, Etrius found himself
warding off exploratory magical attacks against him.
He blamed Goratrix and petitioned Tremere for re-
lief. Tremere placated him but did little to check
Goratrix's rage. The two rivals concluded that their
waster was Cesting them. They would fight, and the
winner would earn Tremere's favor. Each recruited
allies among the other Cainite magi. Calderon and
the Frenchman LeDue took Etrius' part, others sup-
ported Goratrix, and skilled Meerlinda sought an end

to the dispure. Despite her efforts, the two sides
pericxlically struck at one another over the course of
the next decade.

THE INCIDENT AT
THESSALONICA

This crucial tale I know only second-hand, for it
happened far from my gates and towers. In 1036, Etrius
vieited the chantry of another hermetic order, the
Bonisagi, in Thessalonica. There he sought books of
lore concerning the vampires. While there, he faced
assault from an army of tiny, hissing homunculi with
teeth of fire. They were born of a spell cast by Vitorio,
a mortal magus under Goratrix's sway, which misfired
ina bloody manner 1am cruel enough to find amusing.
Whether it failed because he too rashly tried an ill-
formed ritual, or duc to the ongoing volatility affecting

Ido not know. The spell drew the material
essence for the doll-like automatons not from the brick
and mortar of the chantry, as was intended, but from
the flesh and blood of other magt sleeping near Etrius"
chamber. None of the magi of Thessalonica were slain,
but several were crippled: One had his eyes punctured,
and another lose the flesh from both of is legs. Furious
Bonisagi traced the fell mayic back to its source. They
concluded that not only was Ceoris in the midst of a
civil war, but its mages were surely drawing upon
infernal powers. Within months, this tale spread, wich
the virulence of a disease, through Europe's chantries.
Tremere spent five years visiting one mighty peer after
another, persuading each that the Thessalonica Inci-
dent had been grossly misunderstood. Vitorio was
avurdered and held up as the sole guilty party. How |
wish | could have traveled at Tremere's shoulder, tosee
him dissemble, beg, wheedle, and grovel before those
he regarded as his lessers! Alas, his accursed powers of
persuasion, no doubt taking clever advantage of the
others' fear and narrow perceptions, won out. The

HOUSE OF TREMERE

others agreed not to pursue any action against his
house. I fear he even recruited some of them without
telling any of his followers that he'd Embraced promi-
nent magi of other houses.

CORNERSTONES OF

TEP YRAMDD!

Tremere then committed an act which hat become
the most open secret in clan lore. Using the Thessalonica
incident as a pretext, he summoned the seven to his
chambers, where he forced them all into the blood oath
with him. By commanding the mystical loyalty of each,
he would end the civil war. Thus only Tremere gained
from the struggle between Goratrix and Etrius. Did he
deliberately stoke the flames of their rivalry, hoping
‘one of them would precipitate an action justifying the
blood oath? Of course he did.

Tremere told the seven that the blood oaths were
only the first step in the renewal of the House,
‘Survival depended on the exercise of a single detes-
mined will. He would institute an iton-clad hierarchy
through which each newly Embraced Tremere Cainite
would ultimately obey his orders. He unfurled a scroll
upon which he laid out a diagram mapping a pyramid
of loyalties. Tremere stood at the top of the pyramid
The Inner Council of Seven, as he now called his
confederates, lay immediately beneath him. When
the Embracing of the house was complete, cach
would command a number of lords, who in turn
would oversee large areas, or realms, containing many
chantries. The regents, each head of aminor chantry,
would command the magi and apprentices who lived
there. The blood oath would secure the vows each
Cainite made to his superiors within the hierarchy,
Upon initiation, apprentices would drink the blood
of their masters, admixed with that of Tremere and
the councilors. Magi would sup of their regent's
vitae; regents, of their lords, and so on. This tight
control over the actions of underlings would prove
an even greater weapon against the other Cainites
than the Tremere mastery of magic, he told his
council. Chaos was sweeping Europe and those who
could stand firm would triumph.

Before dismissing the Council of Seven, Tremere
informed them that Etrius would be accompanying hin
‘on a trek across Europe and the Holy Land in search of
Cainite secrets. Goratrix would finally rule Ceoris alone.
A smile crept across each man's lips — uncil he saw the
other. Then the rival' faces mirrored one another in
wary displeasure.


te REIGN OF
1037" 1133

1 saw Goratrix swallow his misgivings as Tremere
and the other councilors departed. Now he exuleed
in his sole dominion over Ceoris. He had always
intended to rule it single-handedly. Why else would
he have bound so much of his personal magic up in
it? As long as Etrius, of any other participant in the
original ritual, occupied it, the center of his power
would be obscured. I occupied it, too, of course, in
my way, but evidently dead old Ponticulus did not
enter into his calculations.

He tumed his fury to the war against the Trimisce,
whose ghoul armies once again stepped up their at-
tacks. These assaults waxed and waned over the ensuing
‘Uccades. The night creatures would savage the outlying
cchantries, come howling to the very gate of Ceoris, and
lay siege co it. Then the desperate magt would marshal
their dwindling power, blast the creatures with a ter-
rible working, and send them yelping back w their
havens in northern Transylvania. At first I had hopes
that the war would change things, but as the cycle
repeated, I saw in it only tedium and perhaps a cryptic
joke of destiny. Perhaps you are fond of dates, Bitiurges,
10 | will list the years ofthe worst fighting: 1040, 1046,
1062, 1066, 1086, and 1105. I do not entirely under-
stand the long pauses between assaults, for I claim no
Insight inco the Tzimisce mind. At any rate, the magi,
during the periods from 1047 to 1061 and from 1067 to
1085, were able to erect wands to keep night creatures
from even approaching our holdings. They rebuilt the
coutlyingchantries during these times, frantically stock-
piling vis for future use. Then the wards failed, the
‘enemy armies once more descended, and the magi fled
back to their chantry of chantries.

Many who dwell within these walls were Em-
braced during this time. You know blade-tongued
Malgorzata, Did you know she is not « noble, but a
young local Goratrix purchased from field-worker
parents? He made her his apprentice, sheltering her
from his rivals. As is so often the case with appren-
tices, she became a coarser, less subtle version of her
master, emulating and exaggerating his most blatant
tits. Her boldness and quick rise won few friends but
won the admiration of other apprentices. Five years
after her own Embrace, she brought her most wet-
lipped admirer, Jervais, into the Cainite fold.

A great Tzimisce offensive came in 1105. It crushed
all of the Transylvanian chantries outside Ceoris.
Goratrix struggled against the call of the blood cath,

wishing to Embrace all of Ceoris' magi at once to better
enlist them in the war. Although he Embraced a few
individuals then, he could not break with Tremere'shold,
con him so s00n after the blood oath ceremony.

THE MAKING OF GARGOYLES

Needing a weapon with which to fend off the
Trimiece and thei allies, Gorateix turned once more 60
his research libraries. With Malgorzata and Epistatia at
his elbow, he Embraced captured peasants in order to
study the changes wrought on their anatomy by the
progress of vampirism. He gleaned much from his pro
gram of live dissections, but by 1109 found that the
study of newly Embraced Cainites had attained its
limit. Epistatia, her mind swimming with otherworldly
insight, advised Goratrix to scck experimental subjects
even older than himself. He would have to capture
some genuine Cainites.

Goratrix began to Embrace not the magi of Ceotis,
bur cheir retainers, expecially fighting men. This did
not directly contravene the letter of Tremere's orders,
you see. He sent his neonates on suicide missions to
capture seasoned Cainites. Five or six dozen of them
died working w fulfill his commands. A few parties
succeeded, dragging back furious Tzimisce, Gangrel
and Nosferatu to face their master's scalpels. From
1110 to 1120, the dungeons of Ceoris reverberated
with the cries of mutilated Cainites. A new name
centers the tale here, one you will recognize: the newly
Embraced mage Virstania, who even then was three-
‘quarters mad. It was her twisted love for the creatures
they were making that rendered them malleable, and
infused them with hatred for their former brethren.
Goratrix's most loyal apprentice, Malgorzata, kept the
participants from indulging theoretical flights of fancy,
chiding them when forgot that their lives de
pended on the project's success.

In 1121, Goratrix unveiled the first of this remade
race. The first Gargoyle was named Chaundice. It was
to become typical of its kind, with a demonic visage,
stony skin, fearsome claws and bat-like wings. But
‘Goratrix, Malgorzata and Virstania spawned many other
types of Gargoyles, ultimacely less successful in design,
during these years.

By 1125, they'd created enough of these fearsome
servants to turn them loose on theit foes. The Gargoyles
tured the tide of war against the Teimisce. They flew out
‘over the battlefield, homing in on the few vampires
among the throng of blood-crazed ghouls and terrified
mortal warriors. They swooped down and plucked them
up, bearing them to Ceoris, where they too would be
come raw material for new Gargoyles.

In 1126, Chaundice was sent out on such a mis-
sion and did not come back. | presume the Tsimisce

AN ANCIENT ROT


found him, tore him apart, and learned what he was
made of. They attacked us with renewed ferocity soon

after we lost Chaundice, allowing us to presume that
they reacted with horror and hate. (I have heard

a whispering to her Gargoyle disciples about
ir number who has escaped and created his.
ony beyond Tremere control. They call him

the Rock Lord. From what they say, Ido not think this

chaundice, but it might be.)

Errius: 1037 ~ 1133

Tremere and Etrius were not idle during this near-
century of bloodshed. From 1037 to 1121, they traveled
from one chantry to the next, conducting the secret
experiments that spawned their vampiric art of
Th ny. They had begun such work in Ceoris and
now continued it abroad. It converted the spells and
incantations of hermetic magic to a system of power
dependent not on vir, but on the supernatural potency
of blood as converted and stored by the vampire's body,
The two appeared at Ceoris only to exchange theit
insights with those pearled from Goratrix's
wle project. Much of the first seven decades of
inquiries consisted of theoretical work. Practical
breakthroughs were apparently slow in coming and 1
watched Goratrix use the addictive properties of his
i to enslave several magi to serve as his proxy in
the Gargoyle project and other matters.
Tremere and Etrius expended the final twenty years
finding specific hermetic spells and rituals amenable to
conversion and translating them into
umaturgic formulae. Perhaps, Bitiurges, you might in
conversation raise the names of the mages Gyrus,
. Decorar and Cautus, See what reaction
nes provoke. They were enslaved by your sup-
posed betters, used as magical workhorses, then slain,
theirbrainsand hearts dissected forthe insights Tremere
thought might be found within them — to no useful
purpose, as best I could tell

Tue Hunt

By 1121, knowing Goratrix's success in creating
the Gargoyles, they felt ready to pursue various hincs
and references in the literature of vampirism. Accom-
panied by a few early Gargoyles, they traipsed through
the dark comers of Europe, sometimes posing as vam-
pire of otherclans. (Here Irely again on conversations

wetheand in Ceoris, whose boundaries may not cross.)
They pieced together more basic facts of vampiric

HOUSE OF TREMERE

‘existence. They discovered that they could increase
their power by drinking blood closer to that of Caine,
the first vampire. (Yes, Caine, the first murderer.)
‘Tremere immediately tested this theory, slaying an
‘older vampire in Rome and consuming his vitae. As
soon as he knew that a hierarchy existed, Tremere
feverishly worked to find its apex and topple whoever
‘occupied it. From 1126 to 1132, he and Etriue tracked
down the ancient vampires known as Methuselahs
‘Whenever they found one, they carefully planned an
assault, summoning the other Councilors from their
poste £9 join in the kill. Through thie means they
increased the power of theie own blood, in tum bolster
ing the strength of their Thaumaturgy

Tue Next Drpraviry

In the sorry state Etrius and the others condemned
‘me to, my awareness goes no further than my own walls,
Bitiurges. Ido noc know what the monsters l once called
olleaguce do when awary fro eau thre neat cthaptes iv
this sorry tale is only conjecture. From what I have
gathered, the hunt for the various elder vampires led
Tremere to wish tofind a creature he called an Antedih
vier. This dhing was a father of vaunpires, founder
of the great lines of the hellspawn. Tremere wanted its
power for himself, I can only presume so that he could
establish his claim to vampiric superiority,

Errius and Tremere journeyed far and wide and |
have surmised that their journeys bore fruit in the
ands now controlled by Moslems. | have heard whis-
pered that they were seeking the resting place of Set
himself, vile god of ancient Egypt and a father of
vampires. Even if this were true, they didn't find him,
Instead, in 1133, Tremere summoned the Council of
Seven to him and I spied Goratrix report that his
master had uncovered the tomb of a creature called
Saulot. Bearing the third eye of wisdom, this ancient
‘vampire was father ofa line of creaturescalled Salubri.
Goratrix left with hopes of new power. He did not
return empry-handed, or alone. The entire council
arrived, with the prostrate body of Tremere in tow.
‘Some were flush with new power, others raged against

folly of hubris. Goratrix remained silent, but
walked with a new hate in his step.

I do not know exactly what happened, Bitiurges. It
seems that Tremere drank the blood of Saulot and slew
him. He now has the power ofthe ancients, buthas been
prone to deep sleeps and mysterious shifts of personality
and even physical shape. Tremere was once a man, once
a vampire. Now he is a monster out of legend. No one
seemed ready for this result and | have heard some
whisper that they foresaw House Tremere's downfall
when Tremere committed this new crime

Find out the truth if you can Bitiurges, but beware.


SINCE 1133

During a petiod of wakefulness in Ceoris, Tremere
{aid our the future development of his wel named clan
LeDuc, master of the burgeoning Paris chantry, was to
travel to the Levant to pursue further clues as to the
events that had unfolded. He would hunt Salubri and
theie secrets. apparently. Goeatrix would step down ae
Lord of Ceoris and head to France to take over the
Parisian hall. Steadfast Etrius would take over at Ceoris,
seeing to it that Tremere's rest was undisturbed.

Tuer Fury oF GORATRIX

Goratrix contained his apoplectic rage until he
reached his chambers, where I saw him vent it in the
presence of Malgorzata and Jervais. [ewas he, Goratrix,
who had saved the house by creating the Gargoyles
and driving back the night creatures! It was he who
had sacrificed his mystical essence to build Ceoris. It
wae always supposed to be his! His strength would be
forever rent asunder if he did not occupy it! The
craven Etrius had out-smarted him after all. That
lackey knew that the real seat of power was right
ide. What contribution had he made?
He'd surely coaxed Tremere into taking Ceoris from
him. What a slap thae was! What a renunciation of all
Goratrix had done! Etrius had merely been there to
flatter Tremere, to attend to his comforts. Etrius had
done nothing, but won all!

Goratrix seized a sword from the wall and said he
would walk down the corridor to the chamber where
Tremere lay and take his life as Tremere had taken
Saulot's. But then a change of expression fell upon his

¢; Lam sure it was more than just a trick of flicker-
ing candlelight. Sometimes, as | bring the moment
back to recollection, 1 think he must have been
‘overcome with love for Tremere, as the blood oath
demands. But then itis just as likely that he was loath
to call whatever curse had faced Tremere in Saulot's
tomb directly upon himself. So instead he told
Malgorzata that he would go to France and find a way
to make of the Paris chantry what Ceoris should have
been. Etrius would rule in name only, he said. She
would have to rule covertly, conspiratorially. Al-
though it was true that they wished to move at speed,
and that Etrius was timid and overcautious, she must
never forget the true matter of the struggle. It was
about two men, Goratrix and Etrius, and about the
loathing between them. Goratrix felt hatred s0 great
that any number of others might take shelter beneath
itand draw strength from it. To grant one's loyalty to
aman, that is a mistake, Goratrix said, because men
fail you. They surprise you. They waver. But give your
soul to hate, and you will grow and gain strength. He

was really quite stirring. I might myself have fallen in
line with him, had my own being not already been
long ago consigned to hatred — a hatred which in-
cluded him as one of its foremost objects

AN Otb Rivatry REKINDLED

Goratrix decamped to the Paris chantry, from which
he launched a distant chess game to thwart Etrius. Boch
‘men used thaumaturgic means of communication +0
recruit allies in the struggle. Malgorzata kept Goratrix
informed of events transpiring within these walls. Un

r hee reports kept me well-apprised, as well; |
listened to them with the mordant detachment time has
taught me to cultivate

Iwatched.as Malgorzata, more charming than Etrius,
ewayed the sympathics of many neunates to Goratrix's
conspirator faction. Goratrix moved carefully for Tremere
now showed little wolerance for the continued prosecu-
tion of the feud. In 1140, one of Goratrix's most effective
new pawns, Misia Gics, attracted Tremere's attention; |
am still not sure what she did. He summoned her here.
‘Months later, he finished with her and sent her back to
Paris, her consciousness utterly expunged. Goratrix, |
would imagine, saw thisasa ning from his master and
ceded the battleground to Exrius

The way Goratrix thinks is so well known to me
that sometimes I believe f hear him whispering in my
car. Until a more propitious time for confrontation
arises, he will wait, building his power. | do know that
he has Embraced, or perhaps made ghouls, courtiers to
King Louis VII of France. He tells Malgorzata he finds
mortal politicking incriguing. AC first, it seemed re-
freshing: Afterall, mortals could act quickly because
their life spans were short. Then he discovered that
other courtiers were playthings of vampire clans only
vaguely familiar to him. He entered that world, and
there forged links to vampire clans. He found particu:
lar success with clans called Lasombra and
Cappadocian. You rub shoulders with their spawn,
Bitiurges: Giacomo Guicciardini and Margaret Vasa,
frequent guests of House Tremere, are in fact v,
envoys to Clan Tremere. They first started coming
here in the early 1150s,

Etrius could not allow Goratrix to outdo him as a
schemer. In 1155, he proved his mettle at intrigue by
recruiting the first defector from another vampire
clan: Dauud the Copr, formerly a follower of the
Egyptian snake god, Set. Etrius also aggressively re-
built and defended the outlying chantries. The mortal
mages clamored for him to reclaim the chantries
richest in vs... Although he assured them he would do
80, he instead built chantries at strategic locations.
They were fortresses in all but name. He hited merce
naries and bandits who used the chantries to harry the


 Tsimisce villages. They were also used
ting expeditions when the vampires

(DLESS WAR CONTINUES

fight with Transylvania's other
1169 was an especially bad year

from swarming thro
Far be

original wards have
he vampires, not the
that keep the enemy
ont gate.
he much of the time vuffers

sleep the vampires call torpor,

Tremere dreams and p
time perched near his
the sense in his mutterin,
will one day look

intriguiny

together in
You

see that,

not t

you fighting m

see this until
with this kn


Born in murder and betrayal,

and many tribulations face the

This wite
Neither si
donot sep;
assaults,

Tremere. The Cait
¢glad for their iri
decades, but the hactetl
tofight about, Etrius a

Etrius f only by his inact
lowed and builds a rebellig

their moments of weakness.

Both Goratrix and Virstanja we
less than secure. Armed with ff
Tremere and the mantle of
decades later, the twp ca
lies in ruins by 1600.

house heading toward an ignoble end. But it isu ill
leave her behind once and forall

pers. Ceoris faces devastating
ally vanish
al members of House
ike hungry wolves and most o
red. This quiets the rivalries within f
ind Goratrix refuses to fade, They fi
Efogaction. The torpid Tremere ultima

pyal, many flee into the
he hared Usurpers in

|, making the chantry
il tosanction moving
rsee Ceoris. A few

's prize creation,



Bella, hocrida belle,

€t Cybern rndtes spurneritern
SEMIghitte Cerro.

QO see voars, horrible voars, anid the (

Tiber foarring vith rrnsch ood)
—Vie gil, The Berets


TO THE FIENDS

‘Thereportof Alexandru Basarab, Servantofthe Voivedes

My blessed liege,

You know that Iam nota man of words. Lask the scribe
yousent me to write with flowery words, so my poe way of
sreaking will nt offend you. You want me to tell you bow
others may get inside the keep of the damned magickers. I
syeakhonestly and say all that know and hope that youdo
not mistake my foresters blunt speech for disrespect.

oubt that there are ways to get inside those

ways of honeyed words of which the

dip into each other's ears. There be

\ways of deception, no doub, of taking on other guises 30
thar the cursed witch-men let down their drawbridge and
welcome you in with arms outstretched. I know nothing
of those ways. Iam a man of the woods and of the
‘mountain and the rivers, and know only how you might
approach Castle Ceoris by means simple and material. So

these | will now lay down oo your scribe here.
=
GETTING THERE
Along with the words he writes I will send chis map. I
mark now where Ceoris is, in relation to the rest of our land.

Ielieswithin the boxom of the mountains which yourservants
‘might know as the Transylvanian Alps. Ir stands roughly

fb Buda Pest

aes

ight leagues east of the source ofthe River Anges, high in
those same mountains. This puts it abo east of the tll
‘mountains Mindra and Negoit. I is, say, 70 leagues, a the
row lies, from Bucharest, which eto the south and east of
it. Buda-Pest lies 40 leagues tothe north and east of it, also
as the crow fies. Your servants mayhap need me tosay travel
times instead of leagues. Now this is where the calculation
becomes difficult, for the terrain is rough and laden with
dificulties. Let ws reckon, though, on a smal party traveling
with hones and weighed down with the general equipment
needed forsafery and survival im aplace so inhospitable tlie
and limb. Were youto go overland from Bucharest, naturally
notable togoasthe crow lies, butavoiding che moat hilly and
cor wont forested lands, you would spend 11 days in journey
ingtime. Were you to come from Buda Pest, oushould take
aa woterjoureyon the Duna River, which your servants may
kknow as the Danube. You should expect a ewo-day joumey
until you reach the village where the wornen cannot spa
except to utter cures. The village has no name which the
people there willl dhare with outsider, but on the mop Thave
marked twith anevileye. Donotdrink any ofthe aleor water
they give you there, but you may safely sup from the dinners
they cook in thet large pors inthe village circle. From there
‘youbegin a land joumey of four score leagues twill rob you
of 7 daysoftraveling ime ifyouarelucky, more ifyouare noe
‘The eek isall uphill, from the lowlands ofthe Dunav to the
mountains where Ceoris waits. One of your servants once

Sere the Dont


told me Ceotis was nearly 6,000 fet up from the level ofthe
sea, though | donot know how he arrived at that figure. Were
itpomibe to travel up che River Anges, the umeying time
would be shortened to less than a day. Peart
impassable in its upper teaches and heavily patrolled
‘Gargoyles lower down.

(Should your servants be traveling in winter, which
I say they should do only in circumstances dire. they
should double the times for travel overland. Water travel
te the sane as I said just now, and safer to boot, for i is
accomplished by sleds on the frozen rivers.)

GUARDHOUSES

The accursed wizards keep many guardhouses
through the area. They construct them of pine wood.
They are made to be put up quickly and then aban-
doned or tured to firewood. By my reckoning, it takes
them but half a day, what with two dozen or 30 of their
mortal workmen laboring away to erect one of these
posts. Thus they may continually move their posts
about in an effort to confuse us. I could mark the
locations where guardhouses have in the past been, but
to what end? By the time you gaze upon this map, they
will be ih different places. So instead I make a dotted
line, a limiting point. [have never seen a guardhouse
‘outside the limiting line thar I now draw.

| can but guess at the foree you should expect when
stumbling across these temporary guardhouses. Thirteen
‘s however, awitcher'snumber and the magickers seem to
ie nthe onanizaton of thes servann. You thould
probably expect a least one complement of minimum 13
war-hardened axmen, half as many steel-eyed archers
(with eyes as night-adepe as owls) and a brood of Gar-
goyles which may number as few asthree or as many as 13,
(You do not need me to remind you that there will be no
Gargoyles by day.) How many of the axmen and archers
are still pure mortal in stock and how many have supped
‘of the blood of the wizards, cannot say. Only rarely have
[found the demon-couplers themselves these posts and
never at one more than a league distant from Ceoris itself.
When they are present, one must fear the fire they cast
from thei fingers, the earth they move beneath your feet,
the wind that cuts flesh like an oft-blooded blade and the
\waterthat rises up in the back of your throat, drowning you
from within. Though in truch I must say thar the appear-
ances of magickers themselves have been les frequent of
lage than in decades past, and that theirfury abates quickly
after one or pethaps two shows of their fearsome magic.
Ontwooccasions, when stumbling upon the guardhouses,
T saw creatures pour from within thae were so awful in
aspect [swore they must be demons from the Blackest pits
‘of Hell. Yet your servant, she with the laugh that turned
wine to vinegar, said them to be Gargoyles sill, though
they had neither skins of stone nor a wyrm's wings.

‘We have from time to time overrun the guardhouses,
‘and I have studied them closely. Their floors measure ten
feet across andeight feet deep, the walls perhaps halfahand
in thickness. They are but simple constructions, granting
those within the advantage of height over their attacker
"They stand three stories in height, I'd say forty hands high
witha The top story sits unroofed, so that Gargoyles might
easily fly from their perches atop it. Battlements hide the
archers, whose murder holes give them ample room to fre
at any who try to storm the guardhouse

The second story provides shelter and warmth to
them among the watchers that need it

The ground evelisgiven over tothe storage of weapons
and provisions. There is no need fr flooring there, and the
witch-men do not provide for it. Never have 1 found
anything worth looting in these places. They are not prises
tobe taken, bur places of trouble, to be shunned

‘Thekeenness with which the guards watch isasreliable
as a woman's virtue, which is to say one night is very
different from the next. Should the magickers be alarmed,
‘or otherwise have reason to be wary of asl, itis most
dificult for a party of any size to creep past ane without
notice. Thave done it, but would not eust any tocreep at my
tide, for they have not my experience in the exercise. Ale
itis dificul to pass by them in times when game is scarce,
for in hungry seasons the Gargoyles are eager to nose out the
faintest scent of prey. And make no mistake, we are but
drink to those beasts, whether we be of mortal flesh of the
secret nobility or lie Somewhere in between. But when the
Gargoyles are fat and the sorcerers occupied with other
matters, the fighting men may pay better attention to their
dice games and japes than to the snapping of twigs in the
forests surrounding them. With a skilled man's furtiveness
youmay creep past one, two oreven three such guardhouses
in the course of a day's joumey

Teannot sty how many guanthouses the enchanters
keep on any single day. There isno way to know, until the
day we overrun the place entire. I can attest that I have
never seen more than three guandhouses over the course of
an entire trek from the Dunav's banks to Ceoris's brink.

AAMBUSHERS

Guards may waitin ambuscade, secreting themselves
behind boulders, in gullies or up in trees. Rarely dothey do
this unless you have made your presence known to thei
by dint of some unnatural commotion. The patience to
establish ambuscade without the reliable hope ofa party to
fall upon exceeds what these foresters ean muster,

PATROLS

‘Your servants must also be wary for the patrols that
beat the brush around the castle. I will mark on the map,
second line showing the line of safety. North of this line,
‘one must listen alertly for the presence of patrols. South of

AFARAWAY CITADEL


attended by ser
sinelves ulfer ant even beter

aterthan age thus at
ga Youmight


R
Z

‘ Missive E

TRAPS



+

O Conspicacy!

Sharrist thou to shove thy dar
gerous brows by night.

YOhen evils ave rrost free?


EPORT OF THE
-ASTELLAN

Master Errius—

| know you have no need of the flattery a lesser lord
would expect from his loyal factotum. You have always
been a man to demand the facts, co value clarity over
frippery, and to see in brevity the wisdom of the ages. I
shall therefore do as you have charged me, and answet
your questions with all due frankness. But because the
‘words | pur down on this parchment are laid out with a
comrade's fortrightness, I must bid you to take great care
in the disposition of this document after you have read it.
It is not to be dreame of that I would think of you as
irresponsible, or thoughtless as to the dangers that might
result ifsome of those described herein were to lay hands
‘upon it. Youknow that isnot so! Ie és merely that there are
some within the wall of this hallowed center of leaming
who might fairly be described as vipers stirring in their
nests, restlesly seeking a foe to strike at. Knowledge is at
its sharpest asa weapon when kept well-scabbarded. Out
knowledge as to the truth of their motives must be
withheld from them until the night comes when we are
best prepared to seize them from behind the head, pinch-
ing the hinge ofthe jaws as one must do to catch a viper
while staying unbit. The writhing of these snakes reminds
us that treachery springs from newly-gained power as
naturally as oaks from acoms grow.

Herein I shal say how Ceoris works, and what must
be done to improve upon its perfection. You have
charged me with making craft of your art of taking your
principles of understanding and applying them to the
nightly direction of this chantry. In this report you shall
judge if | have succeeded and whether I am worthy of

reward for my efforts

How Went

THE ANCIENT

Surely the greatest advantage we enjoy over the
creatures from whom we have liberated the secret of life
etemal is our new thinking on the hierarchy as the
natural expression of ll order. While verily our Tzimisce
foes love to strut and swagger as they profess to lord it

‘over all creation, they are too ancient of mind to have
applied the new science of reason to the relationship
between mastery and servitude. They perceive rulership
over others as their birthright, as a thing that will
‘naturally accrue to them because it has always been so.
They do not stop to consider the constituent elements of

HOUSE OF TREMERE

nulership, co determine how the means of rule might be
extended and bettered. No god or authority determines
our destiny. We rule because we must; were we deprived
of power over others, too many would seek our destruc
‘tion. Only through sharpness of mind, through a profound
unlocking of the hidden methods and structures of the

‘world around us, can we do what is necessary and impose
‘our will on those who would otherwise bring us dawn,

The moment that our understanding and diligence fails
us will mark the beginning of our downfall. [i said that
the Cainite mind ossifies over time, that its patterns
become set. If this isso, we must make the future now 90
thac the world will be ours even a thousand years hence
when the veil of dotage shrouds our thoughts.

‘What Ceoris is today, the rest of the world will
‘become int ditys ahead. All shall be sorted by their worth
and categorized by their duties as they are here

Lorp OF THE CHANTRY

"Tremere, he whois master of usall, has in his wisdom
chosen as the guiding symbol of our quest the pyramid,
redolent of the esoteric mysteries of ancient Egypt. As
the Egyptians placed their pharaohs, who they thought
were manifestations of the godhead, at the top of their
pyramid, we place a single Lord and master at the head
ofeach chantry. Atthischantry of chantries, youare that
‘master, sagacious Etrius. Answerable only to Tremere
himself, whose shumbers have, alack, grown too long of
late, you sit wisely atop our pyramid, looking down on
the restof us. When apost here becomes vacant, itis yout
who reaches down and selects a successor. Though we
below you may take apprentices, perhaps grooming them
toperform our roles, the final decision lies in your hands.

THe CASTELLAN

From your lips to my ears, milord Etrius. It is I, as
castellan of the chantry, who enforces your edicts and
attends to niggling, nightly matters. You are thus free to
pursue your researches and further the goals of the House
in this troubling time. I do not see much of you of late,
milord, and thus 1 dare to believe that I have ably
discharged my duties.

1 shall now list che many tasks 1 must commonly
fulfill, so that — should some terrible fate befall me —
you might appropriately tutor my successor. At leas, |
trust that is why you ask me to list chem. It is T who
supervises Ceoris's defense. Each evening when I arise,
soar, who captains our guard forces, comes to my side
to give me his report Ifeither Ceoris or our villages have
been attacked during the day, he tells me what has
happened. We may have lost peasants, soldiers, ghouls,
Gargoyles or magi. Buildings in the village may have
been bumed down. Supplies may have been looted from
cour village storehouses. Ifany of these have happened, he


tells me what he will do to carve regret into the hides of

those impudent enough to wrong us. I hasten to specify

that on most nights, none of these things have occurred

The day has passed without moment. P

minor problem of discipline: A soldier needs flogging, or

pecome too mad to be trusted with further

ara knows I take great interest in matters

ice. Our thralls must fear us, and I am the face

Jeliver, I stand te

jeants wield the lash
study their art

haps there is a

pitslesh. Esoara'sse
so adeptly; it would be a shame not

COMMANDING THE SLAVES
Should Esoara report difficulty with the Gargoyles,
irstania I seek out.

my role as castellan demands respect,
she should seck me out tw prese

her Gau

any times have I insisted to
nd that
oyles. Perhaps if you
he would accept the necessity of
al cannot stand if its foundation

‘own tunes. [must confess that
ws of now I must go to her each night in her damp an
tunneled catacomb. If Esoara has told me of some prob-
lem with one of our slaves, { must repeat the change tc
vexing treks, but ‘twas clear her capriciousnes

her activities and those
spoke to her, milord,
bedience. The p
blockscaper ale

on these

not wish to force our ferocious champion

to stoop to base and fawning dip

disposition towards her creations is, if you will forgive my

macy.) Virstania's
troubling you with such petty plaint
These creatures are our best weapons against the foe
that so sorely beset us, I will freely admit. Yet she cluck
and coos over them in all maternal

lly absurd, Woe betide

he believes. They are qu
capable of obedience fo
Thave taken ring Esoara t "i
Then tell Vir hey were felled in the fight with th
Trimisce. Matters are intolerable as they

Theg you to help her again rightly see the pyramid's lis

Tue RecrarrMent oF MERCENARIE
Iris often my task to approve the hininy

at-arms. Before our present troubles
considered how

d in this forgo
up pethap
strength and &
defense. Yet we lose doze

‘Must attract mercenaries from elsewhere. Much of my


communication with other chantries concerns this vex-
ing question. In any city boasting a Tremere chantry,
certain rumors float. One might hear the woed in the
worst taverns, in the slums and bawdy houses — wher-
ever vermin swarm. Only the roughest, most despised,
most hopeless hear in these rumors a siren's call. The
tales say that there isa place far away, nestled 'gainst the
Transylvanian Alps, where gold flows like water for
those desperate enough to come and serve its terrible
‘masters. From Paris, Madeid, Byzantium and even Cairo
they come. They mutter and scrape and say they've
heard tell of a fortress full of gold and silver and of hard
barons who need it protected. Curthroats, madmen,
rapists and berserkers, most of them. Without our arcane
sifts, these men could not be safely herded into a cage
M: of my hours are given over to the workings
required to strengthen their obedience and temper their
bloodlust. They must serike as savage beasts, but only
‘when we ordain itand only against our chosen targets. A
very few of them are truly cunning and well-favored by
fate, as well as brutal and desperate. These we ghoul or
propose for the Embrace. Esoara, of course, was one such.
Esoara's scouts comb the land for chances to strike

ne Guaguyles. We need

imisce, Nosferatu and Gangrel. When they see

a likely chance, Esoara comes to me with maps he has
drawn. He tells me how many men he will need, how
long they will be gone, and what supplies they will

require. I decide if the reward is worth the risk. I say yea
oF nay to any assault.

Foop AND Suppues

Yer the management of war is but one of my chores.
| must see that Ceoris ts amply supplied with food for the
mortal and blood for the immortal. The villages we
control provide for Ceoris's simplest needs. From them,
we get meat and bread and ale. The village women weave
the cloth upon our backs and spin the thread with which
iissewn. The men hew our wood and take the odd bit of
game with which to spice our mortals tables. They catch
fish in the rivers and pick berries in the forest. These
delicacies fall first to our unaware fellows, then as special
rewards for warriors who fight well for us. Other goods
‘come from afar. Ghoul-run caravans being parchment,
inks, arcane essences, alchemical supplies and rare tomes,
from other chantries. They (and afew mortal merchants,
well-rewarded for their necessary courage) drop these
shipments at the villages, then tum around for the
dangerous journey back out of enemy territory. Our own
servants take a cart every month of so to the villages,
gathering up what they've stored for us. If a mage,
breathing or not, wishes to have an ingredient extential
tohis workings, he asks me to secure it. Ifhe does not get
iin the time he deems agreeable, I suffer his reproaches.
‘A magus's capacity to ignore the practicalities surround-

HOUSE OF TREMERE

inghis existence seems nowhere more evident than in the
attitude of certain of ourfellows. She seems to know we're
at war only when battle rages at our very gates. When the
enemy temporarily withdraws, Ube dhreat vanishes from
her awareness. She once mote thinks herself master af a
world in which the difficulties of moving goods ncross the
continent are but someone else's concem. When I tell
such haughty scholars about enemy patrols, difficult
terrain, weather conditions and the limits of eommunica-
tion, I see their attention depart from me. I suggest that
pethaps their next researches ought to figure ways to
instantly transport gouds fous Uauusands of miles away 0
‘one's doorstep. But such comments naturally fall on ears
by indifference deafened.

Toversee our mortal servants, so that our day-waking
fellows need not worry thetr heads with the warmth of
their blankets, the flavor of their meals, or the timely
emptying of their chamberpots. Thankfully, those taken
into the blood appear less concemed with material
comforts. They can find their own way to the feeding
chamber, at least

Bioop MAsTERs

Those of our mages initiated into the blood mystery
— the term Camite, | avow, still writes itself only reluc-
tantly upon this page — make up the next level of the

pyramid. This isnot, alack, to say that they acknowledge
‘the rank I hold over them. | fear that you have not made
it fittingly perceptible to them that, as castellan, I am
more than their dogsbody. Each places herself on a
pedestal only slightly less elevated than yours, milord.
‘They do not shy from making requests — nay, demands
— of me, but do not obey orders, even those | pass on
directly from your lips. When I require them to participate
in the chantry's defense, 1 must argue and explain and
justifyand wheedle. Ifwe are to win this war, Imustbe able
‘to;command certain basic obediences without taking the
time to coax our arrogant peers. As it stands, they accept
‘ordersonly from Tremere, whom they fear without bound-
ary, and you, whom they sill believe to have your master's
car. Yet it pains me to point out that there are some here
— Malgorzata and Jervais, to put names to the matter —
who obey you only so far as appearance demands or
vigilance ensures. Aye, if they know you watch them,
they doas you ask. But what they can cook upbehind your
back, milord... Let us only say chat their hearts are still
with Goratrix. They mean todagger youdown the instant
they can do so safe from Tremere's reproach. And as far as
obeying my ordinances... they do not fear me enough to
waicuntil my backis turned before they begin to mock me.
‘We will never have a true pyramid of authority until you
make them either love or fear you. | intend no offense
when I say thatthe former is already impossible; they are
incapable oft. They must be brought to heel, milord, and
atmue hierarchy made.


Ifthere ts comfort vo take from this unhappy circum-
stance, it is chat our blood-made fellows show as little
love for one another as for you. They intrigue as if i isa
substitute forbreathing. The librarian Celestyn, pechaps
your most reliable inferior save for myself, found a
month's worth of notes burned. What crime led to this
punishment? Why, the night before, he'd refused wo
intervene in an argument between Epistatia and
‘Mendacamina on the probable arrangement and nature
of the celestial domes. Both became more offended at
goodly, unintriguing Celestyn than they'd been with
one another. Either of them could have destroyed his
work with no motive berter than simple spite.

Two months back, Therimna tried to poison Paul
Cordwood with an alchemical draught, | am sure of it.
‘What the potion was meant to do, | cannot guess.
‘Therimna's apprentice lay open-throated at the end of
it. Yet the two reached some sort of accord and neither
will now say a word against the other, at least not to me.

I know | belabor the point, but our fellows seem
determined to slay one another before the enemy cando
them the pleasure. We need to rally together every
night, not just when we face attack. Whoknows what aid
Celestyn's destroyed research might have done us? He
smiles, shrugs and says it was of little consequence, but he
is too anxious to avoid conflict. Sometimes one must
precipitate it in order to end it

‘Scholars easily make rivals of one another, but the
blood mystery seems to have sharpened this proclivity,
‘transmuting it from nuisance to threat. This gaping hole
in our pyramid must be filled with discipline from above
and obedience from below. Milord, you must act.

Mortat Maci

"The blood-made mages' humor cannot be improved
by the need to treat mortal mages as their equals. Do not
mistake me for a member of Goratrix's faction. I do not

that they should all be Embraced forthwith. And
Tavow that I have no easy deception with which to
convince the unaware mortals to accept the sudden
elevation of the blooded above them. Still, everything
bout our former peers grates upon my senses, though |
bbe but the most mild of our hidden cabal. The longer
they accept our deception, the mare foolish they seem
and the more trying it becomes to countenance their
blind arrogance. We never appear by day. Our pallor
exceeds even that of the typical scholar, for whom
sunlight is but a reminder that he's strayed too far from
his library carrel. We speak in a code in front of them,
exchanging meaningful glances and furtive gestures.
Indeed, we did have to behead Jacobus last year when he
scumbled upon a feeding. Bue the athers — they were ton
cccupied trying to wring the last deams of vis from the
land to rake notice ofthe flaws in our hastily -constructed

tale of hisdemuse. | should not be infuriated that our plan
effects irself so well upon them, but by the tears of
‘Croesus, | am! I once thought these fools to he my peers

in leaming, cunning and ambition! Magi of House
"Tremere, masters in the making of the Onder of Hermes!
‘That they be fooled so easly galls me. And as I said, | am
the mildest among us

"The paradox doubles in upon itself when youconsidet
that the mortal mages are infinitely more pliant and
obedient than their secret masters. They greatly feat the
‘vampires hammering at our gates, especially asthe power
of vis drains away from them. We blooded ate nothing if
‘not cocksure, and they instinctively defer to our sense of
surance. They accept me as castellan, as your eyes and
ears, and follow my commands with as litte argument as
can be expected. Malgorzata awakensin them thei primal
instincts to submit, as if they see in her the incamation of
some primordial and capricious bog-goddess. They se
Virstania as ther savior for making the Gargoyles. They
do not ask themselves how she came upon the vampiric
‘secrets needed to construct them.

Therein lies the truth, I judge. Its not so much that
wearefooling them as hey are allowing themselves to
fooled. They smell the coppery tang of blood in the ait.
They sce what drips from the walls when the moor is
wrong. The screams from below do not escape their eats
Bur they fear to broach the subject, comprehending that
their fate is entirely in our hands.

MENDACAMINA'S SUSPICIONS

For the sake of completeness, | shall here repeat
the opinions of Mendacamina, mistress of our torture
chambers. | urged her to speak her own mind directly
0 you, which she resisted for reasons she said that
you would know.

Mendacamina warns me not to overestimate the
‘mortal mages' credulity. The avowedly Christian mages
who came here from the ruined chantry of Umar Mons,
led by Tosia and Omnifer, cleave closely to one another
Mendacamina claims that they are better-informed than
they seem. All around them, she says, are signs of what
they would see as our corruption. She points to the low
‘moaning sound which issues periodically ftom the sealed
doors to the abandoned laboratories far below us. The
blood which lows like tears from the statues ofthe great
philosophers in our disused foyer. Mendacamina says
that they ask too many questions regarding the Gar-
goyles' provenance.

‘We must tread carefully around Tosia's cabal itis true.
Even with diminished supplies of ws, they can do us great
harm should we antagonize them. In particular, Ornnifer's
mastery of creo ignem givesone pause. But we rmsst take care
that we do not, by obvious and excessive vigilance, foster
suspicions which do not now presently exis.


inform our me

oe th
bey

ak hi


threaten superior, arouse suspicion in the mortal magi or
allow the Tzimisce to learn about usaretoo grave to indulge.
‘One error is misfortune. A second warrants castigation.
‘The third means death at Therimna's hands.

Wno We Fien6e

‘Once we fledged none but magi, but now we more
greatly need keen warriors, stealthy foresters, and men
well-placed to «py upon our foes. The first two sorts prove
‘easiest to find. Esoara, captain of our guard, keeps open
his falcon eyes. He picks favorites, charging them with
plum tasks. Those who please him greatly he submits to
meas practicable apprentices. In these he looks not only
for proven successes against our foes, but quick and
ingenious minds. They must be clever enough to devise
sudden solutions when faced with trials unanticipated
hy the orders they've been given. When an aspirant
‘eas Esoara's trust bid him to visit me in my chambers.
{Task him questions to test whether his cleverness isin
nature subservient or rebellious. ask hi ifhe has given
any thought tothe true nature of his masters. ffir hows
and scrapes and clucks his tongue and claims to have
allowed his head to remain untroubled by such things, |
dismiss him asa clot-head or base dissembler. He may

instead say that he knew that this day would come.
hinting that he knows of us. His breast pumps with fear
buthe wishesto join ourranks withal, he says. know the
‘one who speaks such words as an over-clever schemer,
possibly sent by the foe. I seek the middle ground, the
‘one who showshe has thought but not too much, that he
{s cunning but not against those above him.

Weealso Embeace those who nest in the bosom of out
foe, or can inveigle their way to it. These dwell not
within Ceoris; they nest themselves behind Teimisce
walls. It is Paul Cordwood, our master of spies, who
chooses which of these to fledge. How he chooses them
isa matter he does not share with me. His childer are
made away from here, on his long travels through the
north, in the cities ofthe foe. When Cardwood is here,
he receives many messages. He reports to you: you know
what is in them. I do not. It seems to me that I, as
castellan, should know their contents for they may tell
of likely dangers to this chantry. Cordwood hints to me,
when he must, but treats me not as friend but rival. On
several occasions his warnings of the enemy's approach
have come too late. With greater preparation, we could
have dispatched scores more ofthe forman's vassals. Yet
he intrigues against me, accusing me of trying to amass
more power here than is my due. He isa Tremere magus,
sivorn to reason, I beg you, milond, to make him sce it,

Morrat AppreNTICES

The still-breathing apprentices of the mortal mages
are the most questionable stones in our great pyramid. It
instill left co each mortal mage to select his apprentices.

Few come from hereabouts. Our former fellows tend, as
wwe did, to pick apprentices met on travels. They look for
initiative, imagination and a thirst for knowledge: all
things most deadly to our deception. Not yet learmed in
the techniques of ignoring all but their researches, often
flush with lusts and other curiosities ofthe flesh, they are
twolikely to probe where they should not asthey blunder
about in search of experience. We have had to see to the
sudden disappearances ot eleven apprentices in the last
five years alone. In making war against us, the Tzimisce
do us one service: They provide an ever-credible expla
nation for anyone's sudden demise. If we merely suspect
trouble from a mortal apprentice, we wait until his
‘master sends him beyond the fortress walls to complete
some errand. Ifthe need for haste is greater, I demand the
apprentice's attendance in a war party. Their masters
‘inevitably come to quibble and entreat with me. All
‘must be ready to venture beyond the walls in waging this
war, tell them. However we design to separate appren
tices from their masters, Therimna waits for them.

Itisthe mortal apprentices who offer the foe his best
chance of breaching our walls by deception. We do not
know the extent of the Trimisce's knowledge of us. How
difficult would it be to plant a pleasing servant in one of
tour nalve fellow's path? They would train him in the
right words tosay, the correct prostrations woadopt. They
will one day try, you can be certain of that, milo

| propose that you instruct the mortals in new rules
governing the bringing of apprentices to Ceoris. No
apprentice may come beyond the furthest watchtower
without fint answering questions posed by Exoars and
myself. The Tzimisce have surely prepared their cuckoos
with false tales oftheir livesand of how they came to mect
our mages. We shal look deep into these neophytes' eyes,
to see the souls within. We shall ferret out the intriguers
and make of them fountains to slake our thirst. Until this
rule is done, milord, itis as if we have flung our gates open
for the foe to enter. Even Paul Cordwood agrees with me
con this; he says it isthe fine stratagem he would use against
us, were he the enemy's master of spies.

SERVANTS AND OTHERS

Five score servants attend us in Ceori. Though once |
though such lowly creatures unworthy of attention, now
that am castellan ofa fortress at war, Hook upon each with
withering scrutiny. Our servants largely hail from the
surrounding villages and serve with little enthusiasm, Per
hhaps one in six came here as bride or child to a foreign
mercenary. These former camp followers, mast other now
widowed or orphaned, prove both more sensible and mare
loyaltous. A smal ew Paul Cordwood has Embraced; their
talents lay in realms greater than the empeying of chamber
poss and the peeling of parsnips. The mortal servants of
course provide usa reliable font of fresh, vigorous blood, to


supplement the wasted vessels languishing in our feeding
chambers I must aver, however, that we feed upon them
‘co readily. When at our most improvident, we leave them
{oo weak (o perform their duties. Beneath day's searing
light, a surprising number come to actually resent their
status as our blood stock despite the pleasures our touch
em. Ian only attribute their aullenness to ances-
tral recollection of their centuries under crue! Teimisce
overlords. More than one resentful servant has cultivated
‘an attachment to a mortal mage in order to confess of our
doing. In such cases, we must dispose of servant and mage
alike, The servants appear dispensable. but cannot he as
readily replaced asone might suppose. We need peasants in
the village totillsoiforusanl to guand our stored goods. We
cannot take many more farmers, then. And the camp
followers do not come tous frequently enough. [urge you.
mmilord, to iste edicts to the others restricting unchecked
feeding upon the servants. Genera ill-treatment must also
te forbidden. Last month Mendacamina disemboweled a
ing wench merely for disturbing her during an experi-
ment. Such behavior is wasteful and reduces the eagemess
of our other servants.

Each of us has taken the liberty of making ghouls of
fone oF two of the mote hright-eyed or firchaired of the
servants, in accordance with our own proclivities. 1
rnyselfam served by aquintet of wise-eyed old chralls. My
zhouls are the head cook, lead washer, mistress of linens,
the master repaiter, and a fifth, whose quiet omnipres-
ence nearly led me toomit him here: Hadu, our steward.
‘Though none are salubrious to look upon, they know
better than any of us what transpires between these
walls. | speak to each more than once a night, and it is
from them that know much of what here report. The
old men and women are cunning and wise and have
provided me with much good counsel on local ways.
From their tutelage I can now predict the actions of
villagers and Tzimisce alike. One day I shal be forced to

blood them, but it would be a loss to raise them from
theirlowly vantage points from which they see so much.
PRISONERS

Then there are the prisoners in the dungeons. They

re of course not of our pyramid at all. Some are human,
others of the Cainite fold. It is Mendacamina who
attends to them, drawing from them what we wish to
know. Some we keep as hostages. They do not fully feel
the thoms Mendacamina hides within her Kiss, for when
we someday return them to those who want them, they
must still be in good repair. Most are used in other ways
after their secrets stand revealed. If they are vampires,
they are given to Virstania to transmute into Gargoyles.
Mortals feed us. Alas, many of the prisoners are fellow
‘mages, and the blood of such is like a rudely fermented
wine, too heady a draught for the likes of us. We must
keep our senses clear to see the dangers all about us.

OBTAINING BLOOD

(Our need for blood is great. We need itto live, and it
power our workings both majorand minor. wonder ifthe
ancient Fiends use even a tenth as much of this ife-liquid
as we must do. It is Epistatia who organizes out hunts for
‘mortals on which to safely feed. Having wrested a number
of Gargoylcofrom Visstania's too-loving bosom, she makes
cof them her forward forces in her searches, which must
roam ever farther afield s0 as to escape the notice of our
«enemies. They have fallen upon our hunting parties more
than voce in dhe past decade, and each time we have lost
‘many precious Gargoyles and well-heeled men-at-arms
Last year Epistatia'schilde, Roman, was los, and she wept
for consolation for many months after. (She recetved iil
when I suggested that the incident showed the danger of
caring too greatly for those beneath us on the pyramid.)

Epistatia's method is to take many mortals at once,
‘most often a dozen or so. This tactic lessens the chance of
discovery by the foe and eases the suspicion at our unblooded
mages. The ruckus raised by the hauling of prisoners into
the chantry always arouses questions from out fellows, x
‘tisbettertodo it rarely. We keep them in the dungeon til
they grow sick and die. I do my best to keep the wretches
alive, heirhearts pumping. Epistatia wishes tocontrol the
schedule of feeding, but I say that is better left to the
castellan. Others, especially Malgorzata's faction, say they
should be free to feed at will. This matter threatens to
dominate the intriguingamongscus, for control ofthe food
supply is power at its basest level. You must grant it to me,
mmilord, so youknow the blood will be fairly dispensed with
nofavor toany faction. Asitstands, the vessels wasteaway
too soon, forcing Epistatia to once again risk the wilds to
find another dozen.

Envoys AND VISITORS

Despite the risks to our safety, we must occasionally
welcome outsiders into our chantry, the better to forge
links to the pre-existing vampire world, Their minds
clouded by coffin-dust, our new peers see us as callow
interlopers who reyard their vaunted traditions with
both ignorance and contempt. We cannot make them
Joveus, but we can make some of them see how we might
all prosper by pursuing mutual interests, We cannot
‘expect to ever make amends with the clan Trimisce orto
soon befriend the Gangrel or Nosferatu. But the others
might be brought to understanding eventually.

‘The envoys of two clans, Giacomo Guicciardin\ of
the Lasombra and the Cappadocian Margaret Vasa,
spend much time here, and are treated as visiting schol-
axs by the mortal mages. Of course there is no way (0
make them submit to the pyramid, though the
‘unpredictability they imply sometimes troubles me.


We have received visitors from most other clans not
named above. Most are oflow rank; evidently a mission to
Ceoris is assigned only to the dispensable. The Ventrue
have agreed to send usa warrior retainer in exchange for
certain information provided to their leaders in France. |
‘now negotiate an arrangement to send one of our appren-
tices to advise a worthy Toreador in Florence. In return,
hewillsend one ofhisfledglings, pledged toobey us. These
arrangements are not without risk these are strangers to
us— but agree with your wise jdgment that our House's
furure depends on forging new alliances.

OTHER CHANTRIES

Ieisalso my duty ascastellan to oversee relations with
other chantries throughout Europe and the Neat East. |
communicate with the chantries using ritual of my ow
devising, which permit me to commune with ocher
cavtellans who have undergone a ritual upon visiting
Ceoris. Once that bond is made, distance matters little.

My goal, as you have instructed, is to slowly trans-
form each Tremere chantry, so that it mirrors Ceoris.
Though, fate willing, they will not need the defenses we
have constructed here, they will each conceal the same
hidden pyramid of authority. Accordingly, I use your
‘name (0 summon mages from other chantries to come
here. I see if they have in them sufficient pride to
‘overcome the morality that keeps them weak — if they
can be remolded so that they lose their qualms without
noticing the deficie.Iftheir moral defenses need further
erosion, I do not move. The coming years will bring
much opportunity to wring conversions from our former
fellows. During these visits, 1 must carefully watch
Malgorzata and Jervais, who like scavenging dogs circle
‘my prey, hoping to Embrace before I do. ! have already
alluded to the disastrous consequences of this. Many
mages who would in time have properly succumbed to
me rebelled when surprised by Malgorzata's bite, and
thus made themselves fit for nothing but destruction.

When | succeed, as I did with Probitas of Vienna, I
allow the fledgling to accept his condition. Then have
him send others to Ceoris to also meet the Embrace.
When more than four blooded mages safely head an
‘outer chantry, I permit them to begin embracing. Yet
vipers vex me here, for Goratrix's whelps already fan out
across the land, secretly making their own pyramids of
authority within each chantry. Alas, the continual power
struggle here is yet one more thing mirrored from Ceoris.
Monly you could persuade Master Tremere to intervene
and puta top to this unreasoned self-laugheer! Only his
word will unite ws to fight our foes and not one another.

‘The others spread the Embrace at a rate that will
surely appall Tremere when you make him aware of the
circumstance. Once | arranged to meet a promising can-

didate, a certain Cuculus at Perugia, only to find that he
had alzeady been taken by one of Goratrix's persuasion!
‘Were our pyramid pure, its authority would move in only
‘one predictable direction. | know that you will see that this
stave of affairs stands revealed to the proper eyes, milou,

IN PARTING,

A Proposat

AsI complete this missive, toccurstome to mention
an undertaking which has grown in my mind of lare. With,
‘each passing year, it becomet more greatly dificult to
‘conceal from visitors and mortal magi the atmosphere of
dread which permeates our walls. The hallways too often
‘echo with whispers and scratching noises, the source of
which can never be pinpointed. of what seems to
be blood materialize on the walls or ooze up between the
flooring stones — yet the substance is not nourishing, but
nauseating. Chill breezes waft even through sealed rooms
Along with them come odd moods: One might eudsenly
be seized by melancholy, or rage, of giddy Laughter
some intoxicating elixir has seeped through one's skin

We explain these manifestations tothe mortal mages
by naming them the night creatures' malign scndings.
(In like manner, we have explained the sealing of the
windows and che shutting out of all sunlight, saying that
this is the only way to ward Ceoris from night-creature
magic.) These things happen most at night, but, from
what the ghoulssay, have now begun tostrike even atthe
height of noon. There is perhaps one major manifesta-
tion every four weeks or so, but the minor ill-omens
become all roo frequent. The ghouls say that a mood of
panic has slowly crept up on Ceoris's mortal minds, The
living leave their chambers only when they must, and
travel swiftly down the hallways, heads bowed.

CCelestyn has told me of the ritual hat consecrated
CCeoris. Surely the cause of these manifestation les inthe
‘unfortunate errors that marred it. Pethaps we should inves
tigate waysin which ourfoundations might bereconsecrat.
‘Though such a ritual would be complex and difficult, 1
submit that it would more than repay its cost in time and
resources. Otherwise, the strangeness of our abode will
become so obvious as to threaten our entire pyran

I shall think on this more, and detail my proposal at
alacer date. I include it here merely asa parting thought

| trust thar this report has been all that you wished!
Naturally shall make myself available to respond to any
queries that might arise from it.

Your most faithful of servants,

— Curaferrnm
‘Castellan of Chantry Ceoris


=


Pee rrse si 0a reella cit ta dolertte,
Ker re si va nell' efernio dolore.

Pec re si on tea la perduta gente.
Lasciateognisperar np coicherttcate! |
(heough mre is the way to the

sorrow city Through me is the

wan to eternal suffecinig Cheough rite
is the voan to joirtlost people... Abert
dor all hope you voho enter!)

-Wante  Glighieri, Divina
Commedia Iriferno"


THE APPROACH
ithe valley from

theyare equally hike
ilantly beating the underbrush for intruders slouch:
aly ine of the many houkders aroun! which
the tail to Ceoris winds. They are more wary by night,
when hunched, hulking Gargoyles stride amongst them,
noting threateningly at any mortals who dare to meet
Jefenses, sce Chapter Two.)
The trail leads through the valle
incline to the gates of Ceorts. Iris suffi

fege weapons within range of th
At many points, troops must di
dectile around huge boulders Gi
into the roadway. The huge rocks provide ideal ambush

puints for Ceoris' defenders.

Gaarpnouses
As described in Chapter Two, the Tremere
ary guardhouses throughout
their pertmeter, ned at the guardhouses
mount regular patrols, watch for signs of movement, play
at dice and drink wn their fea
Acany given time, there are nine guardhouses, more
less evenly distributed throu the surrounding
area, Manning each ate ten to fifteen axmen, five to ten
archer six Gargovles. Lower numbers of guanks
are posted at times of low alarm; higher ones, when
sulities are imminently expected. Esoara, the captain of
jl, may be forced to assign lower numbers of
cent enemy assaults have depleted his forces

CEORIS
From Ai DisTANCE

The vast tower-like structure that is Ceoris, bristling

anian Alps. Great gobbets of
unnaturally cohesive fog veil the chantry from the workd,
‘outer face. Four days out of five, the ap:

The Grounds
Surrounding Ceoris

True
Entrance


proaching visitor sees nothing but a thick mantle of gray
‘mist that occasionally breaks to reveal a fragment of moun-
tain clifor crag. Rain-laden, howling wind lashes it, bur, in
defiance of logic, does not dispel the fog. Instead the mist
billows and courses about the seructure like an unholy spirit.
Visitors who well know the nature of Ceors' inhabitants
might correctly speculate that the concealing weather is
the result ofa great ritual working. Originally conjured by
Etrius and other of Tremere's inner circle during their
mortal days it now kept active through blood magic.

Crorts By Day

Even the mightiest of rituals can't constantly ward off
the sun's rays. One day in five, daylighe struggles through
the perpetual cloud cover to drive off the rain and fog. On.
those days, Ceoris stands revealed in all of its incimidating
slory. [tis a vast shaft of black rock juttine up from 3
manmade plateau Irssurface, sill eaning the pickax marks
left by the hundreds of laborers who slaved to hew it from
the mountain, is unmarred by decoration. Only dozens of
Jong, narrow windows, now bricked up and sealed over with
lead sheeting, interrupt the perfect sheemess of its vertical
surfaces. Visitors who choose to stare for long periods a its
surfice sometimes begin to sce shapes, such as enormous
shulls oc mocking Garzovle erimaces, forming in the pat-
temsofpickax marks. Thismay be ane ofthe illomens that
periodically manifest themselves in and around Ceoris or
simply a vivid imagining on the part of the viewer.

Towers AND TURRETS

Like spears in a rack, eight turrets and towers rise up
‘unevenly from the structure's bulk. Although originally
asstraight and direct as Goratrix's determination tole,
they have begun to list slightly, each in a different
direction. One in particular, the tallest on its easter
face, seems especially precarious, a if readying itself to
plunge to its death into the chasm below.

"The towersand turrets exist merely to tempt airborne
foes to their dooms. None provide entry to the castle.
Most are built to break away, crumbling t their constitu:
ent stones when forced to bear the weight of a party of
men. A couple of them burst spectacularly into consum-
ing flames when weight is placed on them. Despite their
desire to keep a low profile, the Tremere can't entirely
restrain their theatrical impulses, despite the fact that the
winds have weakened these once-great architectural traps.

Errius' CHASM

‘A greatchasmn,tom into the mountainside by Etrus's
carth-moving magic, rings the chantry. Fifteen feet
across at its narrowest point and twenty at the widest, it
represents a serious obstacle to intruders. Guards sta-
tioned at the gatehouse command the lowering of a
drawbridge to bridge the gap. The heavy drawbridge ts
sturdy enough to support several tons of weight.

Over the drawbridge, on the chantry side, sits astone
‘gatehouse that controls access to the structure. Soldiers
stationed behind a battlement atop the gatehouse watch
anyone approaching the chasis. They challenge visitors
with the traditional "Halt! Who goes there?" Even the
cchantry's most powerful must stop and identify them
selves. The soldiers fear to cross traveling magi but know
the castellan Curafccrus will sce them flayed if caughe
failing to challenge

Ifthe guards decide that would-be en
tile, the senior officer makes a quiet calculatio
they try cocapture them orstmply refuse them! Ifhe thinks
they can safely capture these possible enemies, he invites
them to come forward. Then, when they stand under the
gatehouse archway, the guards release a pulley-whel that
‘Causes portcullises on both sides to slam down, trapping
the suspicious ones inside. If they're equipped with some
‘extraordinary means of fighting back, like magical spells,
the guards can open a trap door and dump a cauldron of
‘caustic liquid down on thetr attackers.

After capturing the entrants, the guards clang a bell
in warning. If available, Esoara comes to personally
determine the disposition of the captives. If he decides
that the guards have acted wrongly in detaining the
‘entrants, he frees them and ushers them to theit proper
destinations within thechantry. Although he may prom
ise todiscipline the guards, he will in fact reward them for
vigilance — better to momentarily discomfit an honest
entrant than admit a dangerous intruder. If Esoara is not
available (during daylight, for example), a dozen or 40
guardsmen, led by a ghoul sergeant, arrive to haul the
‘captives to the dungeons. There they wait until Esoara,
‘Curaferrum or another of the chantry'stuling citcle finds
the time to interview them. They release innocent
‘entrants with profound apologies, false promises to pun:
ish those responsible and reminders of the extreme
vigilance the denizens of Ceoris must maintain,

The four to six men posted at the guardhouse ste all
seasoned archers. During hostilities they re reinforcesthtce
fold, and supplemented with a force of up to six Gargoyles.
Ac night, they see by lamplight. If attacked, they douse the
lights. The ordinary archers have no way of seviyg tare
night and so fire at postions on the drawbridge's ly

Welcome entrants are quickly biden to enter. The
suandsmen clanga great bell to alert the pulleyoperatorson,
the other side of the chantry wal in the Grand Foyet. The
<drawbridge takes about five minutes to raise and, thanks to
saavity, one to lower. If objects exceeding two thousand
pounds st on the bridge, it may he impossible

CourTYARD

The space between the gatehouse and chantry is ust
a small field of rocks dotted by the occasio


wolfsbane, but the Tremere are grandiose enough to
refer to it as a courtyard. Keen eyes might notice an ill-
defined trail leading off wo the left. The real entranceway.

\stothe right, butspells prevent the many feet that tread
upon i from forming any kind of visible trail

e TRAIL
‘The courtyard trail curves around the mountain to
« precarious shelf of rock about a foot wide. An intruder
ccan carefully eke her way up this trail until she reaches
a 60-foot gap where the rocky shelf has crumbled away.
The trail continues after the gap. Should the intruder
manage to strugsle her way past the gap, the abelf
‘continues to a small, barely detectable door ingeniously
to look like the rock around it.
{t'satrap. The door doesn't open. The door and trail
‘exint merely (0 coax enemies w risk their necks seeking

on-existent back door to the chantry.

ENTRANCEWAY

A graveled path, about thirty feet in length, extends
pase the gatchouse, through the courtyard, to Ceoris
‘proper. It terminates ata ffteen-foot high set of double
doors, banded in iron. These are carved with arcane
symbols; they throw off wan, yellow-green light. A third
portcullis stands between the visitor and these doors. It
‘makes an eerie sound when the winds blow through it,

ausing each bar to vibrate like the string ofa lute ot harp.
Those foolish enough to stand and listen may become
winced that they hear barely perceptible moaning
voices. Listeners become convinced over time that the
portcullis voices say discernable things. Unfortunately,
those things can drive an unprepared mind mad.

The doorshave been permanently shut from within,
sealed by molten lead. A war party with a battering ram
could get through both porteullis and double doors. This
would lead them to the disused Grand Foyer and to
another trap. See p. 53 for more.

Truk ENTRANCEWAY

The small rear gate chtough which the chanery's

friends enter it can't be seen head-on. It's around the

omer, tothe right. Ac the secret door, would-be entrants
tmust speak a password. Guests are given different pass-
words than residents. The guards here must be literate in
‘onder to correlate a long list of passwords to their rightful
‘owners. They consult lists created by the castellan,
Curaferrum, which include questions to ask guests. The
questions ask for information which should be known
only to the true pasword holder. The category of one's
pasword reflects the pyramidal hierarchy of House
‘Tremere. The list if liberated from its owner, could yield
«great deal of information about Ceoris's organization.
The list is kept in a rather complex code, but Curaferrum
hhashad to teach i¢to the guards stationed at the entrance.

HOUSE OF TREMERE.

The four axmen on duty bow awkwardly wo greet
superiors and grunt in acknowledgement to fellow sol-
diers. Unaccompanied guests are asked to seat thetnselves
{in a small antechamber. The senior guardsman rings a
chime to attract a serving boy who then runs to fetch the
chantry resident who will serve as the visitor's host,

the guards hear the gatehouse bell rung init distine-

tivewarningpaten, they intum baneabitnethathanes
peepee gee repped

‘own bells and gongs (including several placed in strategte
‘parts of the chantry) and rouse the house to the danger
Gong inthe bracts andin Visa's Gane erste
the chantry defenders to goout and engage the foe. Several
ingenious systems of ropes and bells allow a few guards to
raise the alarm throughout the great house without relying
‘on magical workings.

INSIDE CEORIS

‘Although those who know the name Ceorisshudder at
sts utterance, and it certainly a place to inspire nightmar-
ish visions, the chantry also serves asa home to hundreds,
from Cainite thaumaturges to humble servants. Newcom-
‘ers scon make general observations about the mood of the
place and the interactions between is inhabitants.

GOVERNED By FEAR

The governing emotion of Ceorisis feat thangs in the
air lke a contagion. The vampires fear the machinations of
the Teimisce, atacks by Gangrel and Nosferatu and, when
‘external threats recede, one another. Cainite anxieties in
tum infect their ghouls, who dread the day when they can
rolonger nourish themselves on theit master intoxicating
blood. Lowty servants fear the rulers of Ceoris even more
than outside attackers. Mercenaries dread the next battle.
‘Stil-living mages fear destruction at the hands ofthe night
‘creatures. Those who suspect Ceors's leaders of diabolic
activities worry that their suspicions might be exposed
before they discover the secrets at the macter's heart.

"These apprehensionspermeate the behavior of Ceoris
residents Its inhabitants tend to speak in whispers as if
concerned that someone might overhear them, Tempers
flare easily; even a small misunderstanding becween
soldiers or servants can explode into a vicious brawl.
Sudden noises, such as the dropping ofa fark in a dining
hull, jolt startled people from their seats.

Fear heightens other emotions, especially among the
chantry's human inhabitants. The everyday presence of
imminent death prompts them to extremes of desire,
anger, sorrow and joy. Many periodically find themselves,
for no apparent reason, breaking down into racking sobs.
Aumildly amusing jest may provoke uncontrollable howls
of teary-eyed belly-laughter. A momentary flicker of at-
traction between a male and female servant may prompt


them to leap upon one another fora bout of furious rutting,
— despite Curaferrum's violent prohibitions against such
disorder. Ceoris's residents, including the Cainite magi-
cians, believe that this heightening of passions is
supematural in nature, They theorize that stray emotions,
pethaps sent by enemy magic, waft through the halls to
tear at the resolve of the mentally weak. This opinion
reflects theit bias towards cioteric explanations and theit
tenuous understanding of mere human nature. The mor
tal population is under great pressure and about to crack.

‘The chantry's perpetual lack of sunlighe reinforces this
sense of dread, atleast for is mortal inhabitants. ts outer
surface was exginally covered in long, narrow windows, but
these were all bricked up long ago. (Goratrx taok the
precaution of ealingut the aunsrays inthe 1080s justifying
itavaprotective measure to he chanery/'s wards)
‘The chantry' ordinary folk yearn for daylight and feel
themselves withering under Ceors' teral night. Soldiers
covet daytime guard duty. Servants contrive reasons to g0
course during he day, oreven abandon ther poststo fel the
suron theirskino. Mosc morcal mags, bookish sors indie
enttothe benefits ofthe outdoor he, dismiss the possibilty
that the absence of sunlight could in any way alter their
moods. They do not see that it renders them snappish,
perpetually ured and highly seaggestible.

Apst It OMENS

CCeoriswasbom under an illstar. Even had itsconsecra-
‘don gone perfectly, it would have been a dark place. With
the bungled ritual that required the murder of Ponticulus,
cone of its participants, it has become a gloomy abode
indeed. The ritual actions of the chantry founders trapped
their peer's spirit in the building. The passage of time has
amplified his anguish, self-loathing, despair, bitterness and
mordant humor, s0 that they now physically manifest
themselves ina variety of ways. These include sudden chills
in the air, bleeding corridors and flooring stones (though
the blood providesnonourishment or thaumaturgic power),
whispering, laughter or moaning with no known source, a
pervading dampness, nightmarish images (often of decapi-
tation) tha bubble up into the dreams of sleepers, similar
fags that momentarily appear in mirrors and other
reflective surfaces, and the disappearance, materialization,
or movement of objects when no one is present. These ae
‘not so much the willful acts of Ponticulus' shade as the
echoes of his anguish and anger.

The gloom and foreboding that wafts through Ceoris
‘xevident to visitors, but those who end up dwelling here
for prolonged periods become inured to these feelings.
The place insidiously erodes resident' judgment so that
they come to casually accepe its many signs of impending
doom. Victims of the effect still perceive the ill omens
but lose sight of the fact chat ic is unnatural to live in a
place where they are commonplace.

Constant Actrviry

Ceoris is home to well over a thousand individuals
and hums with activity day and night. Its halls are full of
furtive-eyed servants maving quickly about their tacks.
silently praying that they will neither attract the atten
tion of the masters nor witness any of the eerie
manifestations that plague the place. Any of them carty-
ing an item too heavy or bulky to he held in one hand
must travel with a second servant to carry a lamp.
(Ceoris'swall sconces, which once held buming torches,
have been plastered over to accommodate the unreason-
ing vampiric fear of fire.) The lamps throw lang shadows
along the corridor floors and send new layers of soot to
join the black encrustation that cakes each ceiling

Soldiers, their boots slathered with muck as they
fetum from guard duty, tramp down the halls, trading the
crude jests that form the common currency of warriors
everywhere. Others of their number, assigned to roving
guard duty, do their best to appear menacing and vigilant
as they stalk down the corridors, hands on «word-hilts
‘Those ondered to stand before doorways slouch against
walls, keeping a keen ear out for the confident tread of
sergeants and masters. When a superior approaches, they
quickly adope a posture of stolid attentiveness

Now and then, a magician (Cainite of mortal)
‘comes sweeping through the hallways, attended by an
entourage consisting of one or two servants, an appren-
tice, and pechaps others. The often unsociable masters

acknowledge only their equals (or betters) when they
‘pass others in the halls and even then with the merest of
sgrunts or slightest of nods,

CHAMBERS

OF THE House

The following chambers are devoted tothe business
of House Tremere. Here visitors find mages, blooded and
mortal, as well as their apprentices and the most trusted
of the chantry's servants. High-ranking mages salk
proudly through them, drinking in the admiration of
their inferiors. When before their betters, apprentices
‘bob their heads with appropriate deference. When not,
they stare wide-eyed and drink in the chambers' sights
and smells, dreaming of the time when they, too, will
march through them, puffed with a sense of ownership
and entitlement. The Chamber of the Blooded on the
fourth flooe (see p. 56) is the grand exception, reserved
forand known to the Tremere Cainites alone. Of all the
chambers of the house, itis the most important.

Counc. CHAMBER

The mages of Ceoris conduct their official business in
this lange, ostentatious chamber. When the chantry meets in


council, Etnus and his tnsted lieutenants ofthe moment st
he haa table. Tremere spends most of his time in torpor,

«chair reserved for him isalmost invariably empey. The

atellan, Curaferrum, conducts the business ofthe meeting.
‘When a speaker ackireses the council, he eaves his seat at
citer the officers' table or in the spectators' court and walks
the long floor area as he speaks. eis bad form to look directly
atthe officers table while addressing the council, although
the people siting there make all the decisions.

Tremere rarely appears these days; when he does show
vp. bush falls on the participants —a master of the gravest
importance is about to be mooted. Seating arrangements
betray the current progress of power struggles within the
chantry, Those invited to sit with Etrius are on the rise.
Soxneone who recently si a the head table but now haunts
the risers has clearly suffered a setback. As it stands, the
vdicerofthecouncilare theeascellan, Curafemums Vistania,
mistress of Gargoyles; Esoura, capeain of the guard: Jervas,
gatherer of vis; Paul Cordwood, master of spies; and
Mendacamina, keeper of the dungeons. Malgcezaea rounds
cou the group, wannal w Goran's faction, even though she
at present fulfill no official function in the house.

Moctal mages and their apprentices attend council

do some of the chantry's guests. Accordingly,
130 real business ts conducted there. The council is now a
sham meant to convince mortal mages and outsiders tha
the business of the chantry goes on as usual. The officers

Ground
Floor

sive
Sonsion we
These mays
requested faroe Been
created sofelp from

nce, pou will find
Some areas eft lank
Ge Fcan not recatl or
never visited these

reas During MP
Bret stay at Corts

discuss the progress of the war against the Trimisce and
announce new policies affecting the rights or conduct of
‘mortal magi and their entourages. Any house member ot

chantry resident may bring up matters of concem. The
amount of discussion Etrius allows ona given matter shows

how important it is; on trivial matters, everyone is permit-
tedample time tofulminate. Truly important decisionsare
made by the chantrys leading officers (i.e. the Cainites)
and announced to the assembled mages as tits accompli

Still, the ceremony that rings in council meetings
‘may seem most impressive to visitors. It reaffirms chantry
residents' sense that they belong toa group with a grand
history, one which surely offers them the strength to
survive their current crisis. Each conclave opens with a
procession. The council officers' apprentices enter first,
‘swinging smoking censers and chanting an invocation to
protect the participants from magical sttack. They take
‘up a standing position behind the head table as their
‘masters proceed into the room, decked out in full cer

emonial garb. Each officer wears an ermine-trimmed red
velvetrobe and a golden helm. Stag homs top the helms;
‘cach boasts ull face-plate depicting adifferent allegori
cal figure: War (worn by Esoara), Benevolence
(Curaferrum), Are (Virstania), Mercy (Mendacamina),
Plenty (lervais), Vision (Paul Cordwood), Fealty
(Malgorzata), Wisclom (Etrius) and Mastery (Tremere, if
he happens to show up.) Still masked, the officers tke


Aheit seats, The caotellan then reads a stirring passage
from the Tremere Chronicles, a grandiose and wildly
slanted history of the house's early days. He rings a bell
three times, cueing the others to remove their masks.
Then the busines of the mecting commences.

‘When council is notin session, the chamber remains
empty, except forthe debates held there pethaps ance or
twice a week. Two mages with differing opinions on some
‘matter, usually conceming an abstruse principle of arcane
theory, argue it ou in font oftheir peers. At the end ofthe
formal argument, onlookers pepper the debaters with ques-
tions. Each debater usually brings with him afew partisans to
ask vexing questions of his opponent. Eventually the suppos-
coly neutral arbiter appoinoed to oversee the debate callsit to
alone. Spectators then mark pot shards with the name of
their chosen victor. An attendant collects them in a cloth-
lined hamper. The arbiters apprentices go through the
shards and count out the vote tally in front ofall concemes.
Listening to debaters is the chantry's most popular social
activity. Iris noc unknown for sore losers to magically strike
‘out against their opponents — or audhence members who
asked emburrasing questions —afteran especially humiliat-
ing defeat. In the old days, debutes often peefigured power
scruggles within the house. An ambitious mage could mea-
‘sure his support by challenging his chief rival. Victory by a
‘wide margin showed him he could move against his enemy
withoutfearof reprisal loss warned him topullback. These
days, the importance of debates has receded as the Cainite
smuges grow increasingly disneerested in them. Support from
the mortal mages means nothing to their power struggles.
‘Theyneverscek debacesnow, though they may feel the need
tomaintain the pretence of normalcy when challenged by a
high-ranking moral mage. They do, however, attend the
matchesofothers especially when they wish to2se visiting
smagesthey don't yet know well. Curaferum and Malgoecata
fare the most frequent attendees; each looks for prospects
worthy of the Embrace.

The room, longand rectangular, serves as the keeps
official meeting place. The walls are lined in oak, save for
the southem wall, which has been covered over with
masonry. (This is the wall abutting the shaft trap, laid in
after the construction of the council chambers.) This
unsightly wall has been covered with a tapestry depict-
ing Tremere and Etrius standing before the Great
Pyramids at Giza in Egypt. Close examination of the
tapestry reveals that Ecrius' face has been sewn into the
tapestry, to replace someone else who's been cut out.
(The face on the tapestry used to be Goratrix's)

"Two sets of tiered risers run along the east and west
walls. Each riser contains three tiers of seating. The chairs
are made of oak, with staghoen armrests. Seag's hooves
adom the chairs feet. Sigils and other arcane marks have
been idly scratched into many of the seatbacks over the
years. An observer might assume that these are mighty

procective magics. They in fact owe their existence to the
bored indifference of attendees who'd rather have been
making calculations for their latest experiment than lis-
tening to the petty details of chantry business.

Atthe south wall, in front of the tapestry, sits ahead
table of polished walnut. It has not been defaced by any
idle mages. Before official business is conducted, atten-
dants lay a velvet cloth upon the table so that Tremere's
crest, embroidered in gold, faces the attendees.

‘Three candle-laden chandeliers overhang the cham:
ber, keeping it well-lie when in session. Curaferrum has
recently ordered than only one chandelier be used at any
given time to decrease the unease of his fellow vampires.

Granp Foyer

Before irssinsricted the servants toselthe main doo
(sce p. 50), this chamber provides die vist fifi srw
inspiring glimpse of Cooris' wonders. Now it is occupied only
‘by servants stationed here to operate the drawbridge pulleys.

A gigantic staircase dominates the room, leading up
wa panel tnerlecladksiea A eastooc arene
the doors l seed in the shape of bearded man's head,
to people passing through te doorway must eavel into
his mouth. The figure is meant to be an allegorical

tation of wisdom, but che play of flickering
torchlight on the face lends it a sinister aspect. Mounted
‘on the massive staircase's marble banisters are two rows
of busts depicting the eat sages of ancient times,
‘Ansong those sepcescated ae" Arlutocle, Pythagoras,
Archimedes, Simon Magus, Anaximander and
Anaxagoras. They're carved in stone in the distorted,
highly stylized manner of the 10th century. During the
day, these busts show a multitude of tiny cracks, unusual
because they were recently made. At night, the busts of
Aristotle and Pythagoras weep tears of blood. The amount
of blood is too small to provide nourishment, but it
carries the heady tang of magus blood. This ix the most
consistent of the ill omens described above.

‘Two massive pulleys, one on each side of the sealed
main doors, allow for the operation of the drawbridge.
Four guardsmen are always on duty here. When the
gatehouse guards clang a big bell, the men at the driw.
bridge pulleys know to raise or lower the drawbridge.

The chamber is kept unlit now, though an iron
chandelier with prongs for two dozen candles still hangs
up above the staircase. Its lowering rope is still intact,
should anyone wish to put candles on it and raise it up.

ARCANE Trap

This trap leads from the grand foyer (see above). Its
doorway, framed by the head of Wisdom, once led directly to
the council chambers. A false room has been partitioned off
from the chambers to serve asa trap for invaders. To make the
‘uapscem more credible, the door sholted fromthe nse. Any
sroupsucceeding in battering itdown and charging inside finds

THE BELLY OF THE BEAST


{elf trapped. A second metal door, hidden in the wall hove
the entrance sams into place behind them. As the intruders
struggle two find the non-existent exit, a crimson mis appears
a if rom nowhere and begins to strip them of flesh.

Masters' ComMon Room

+ provides an informal meeting place for
the chantry's ull fledged mages. These masters come here to
hhobnob with thetr brethren. However, they'e a fairly ant
ot. The room is rarely populated by more than a trio
ages. Some take their meals here, but the vast majority
of magi order servants ot apprentices to bring food to them
while they work. Those whodo gather here st apart from ane
another. Although they sometimes discuss their work or
ccul theory, the main topic of conversation isthe com:
plaint. Mages gripe about wrongs done them by absent
colleagues and speculate on the doomed progress of theit
work. Although circumspect for a few minutes
‘tugs visiting from elsewhere, the freedom to back
biceis well nyrained inchantryreskdentsand they soon forget
themselves. Guests can therefore gather considerable gossip
bbysiting circumspect in the master common room. They
won't, however, get a true picture of goings-on in Ceoeis
because the Cainite mages almost never come here.

Well-made but long-mistreated tables and chairs lie
about the room ina state of perpetual disarrangement. Six-
asstand equally haphazardly throughout the

foot cande

oom; the mages drag them wherever they want the best
light. The furniture, floors and even walls are bespartered
with decades worth of stray candle wax. A series of frizesin
ivory depicting a variety of saints and allegorical figures
Secocate the walls. The delicate figures have suffered over
the year, asirreligious mages have repeatedly covered ther
in wax, and devout ones have angrily picked it of, lopping
off many canonized noses and fingers in the process

Charen,

Afterherescape from the war-ravaged Tremere chantry
of Umor Mons elsewhere in Transylvania, the pious
‘mortal mage Tosia insisted that achapel be installed in her
new haven of Ceoris. Although Malgorzata and others
opposed the measure, citing the House's traditional dis
tance from the Church. Tosia appealed to Etrius, who, sill
seeing himself asa faithful if somewhat tamished servant
of Christ, could scarcely tun her down,

The result is this small chamber, dominated by a
painted icon of the Christ child and Virgin Mary scav.
enged from the ruins of Umor Mons, It sits atop a small
altar, behind which rises a large brass rood (free-standing
crucifix). Four benches face the altar, They offer only
enough seating for sixteen people, but the chapel is never
this full, even during Tosia's Sunday services. Ceoris has
nopriest, so the worship services (also held each evening)
consist merely of group contemplation before the altar


Ot the Cainites, only Etrius makes a point of attend-
ing the services, doing s0 once a week, at most
Mendacamina may be seen hovering outside in the hal:
way, as ifon the verge of entering the chapel. She always
stops herself, though, and then strides briskly away.

Because the conspirators they fear avoid the chapel, it
provides a natural meeting place for Tosia, Omnnfer and
other mortal mages who suspect diabolism among the
chantry snight-dwellers. They may befoundhere, whisper-
ing together, after their daly shift on watch duty ends
When they hearoutsidersappreaching, they quickly change
the subject of their conversations to theological matters

Liprary

‘Theheartofany chantry ists library, and this massive
chamber on the chantry's third flooe is designed not just
to impress visitors, but to overawe them. Although ail of
CCeoris' magi could easily ue the stacksand carrelsat once,
noself-respecting mage allows himself to be seen studying
in public. Instead, he takes the materials he's using back
to his laborarory or private chambers for uninterrupted,
unobserved study. Tremere mages have always been highly
Proprietary about their researches. They've been known
tosxquirrel away important works for years, ifnot decades,
sometimes just to deprive their rivals

CCelestyn, the curiously affable Cainite in charge of
‘Coors library, wages losing battle against the residents

efforts to denuke his collection. His apprentices, who man a
long, heavily-scarred desk separating the roeunda from the
stacks, tr to get wrs to sign a log book whenever they take

an tem. The withdeawing mage is suppose to list her natne,
the name ofthe item, Celstyn's catalogue number and an
‘timated time by which the item will be returned. Because
magi never like others toknow what they're workungon, they
almest invariably supply fase information they deientosisn
the register atallLifraryawistantsare much more frightened
cof most ofthe users than they areof Celestyn andl aren about
toconfront their seniors If anew assistant seems too zealous,
|his fellows tell him about poor old Sedulus, who disappeared
a decade ago after demanding that Paul Cordwood account
forthe many items he'd taken without signing the regster
‘Sometimes, late at night, the libeary ai seems till with the
ddecinctive sell of acrid sweat and fried onions, which in hfe
followed Sedlus wherever he went.

CCelestyn himself is absent during the day, and often
gone from Ceoris altogether in search of new materials for
the library. Heis thusunable to discipline hisapprenticesfor
allowing themselvestobe cowedby the others. Hiscon
cataloguing system, its principles known only to himself,
falls to pieces whenever he is gone. He seems to enjoy
‘puttingthe pieces back together again each time he returns.
Teis lke playing at puzles, he says. He spends many « night
going from laboratory to laboratory in the chantry's lower
levels knocking on door and politely requesting the retum


of vanished materials. Celestyn, unusually diplomatic and
‘known neutral in most power struggles, manages to do x0
without arousing the ire of his colleagues. Even the most
belligerent of them is loath to harm him because he's afont
‘ofknowledge onallsubjectsarcane andhashelpedeachand
every one of them advance her research.

Over a thousand tomes, scrolls, lose documents,
journals, maps. clay tablets. chunks of hieroglyph-in-
scribed rock and fragments of papyrus await the occult
researcher on the high wooden shelves that line the
south and east walls of the massive library chamber and
‘on stand-alone shelves filling its southern annex. The
study area is topped by a rotunda forty feet high. A
mosaic, depicting a complex dance of demons, angels
and elementals through the celestial spheres, adoms the
rotunda. Many of the tiles are covered in gold leaf or
have been silvered. Beneath the rotunda are three rows
‘of wooden study carrels, each line accompanied by a
long, communal bench, The cartels are mostly deserted.

Apprentices' Common Room

This chamber serves the dozens of mortal apprentices
who live in Ceoris. In contrast to the masters' room, this
chamber is usually filed to capacity. Apprentices drink

heap contempt on their masters, lament their general
mistreatment and even engage in the occasional rapt
aliscussion of their fields of study. Masters aren't barred
from coming here, but rarely appear. If they do darken its
‘doors, the room plunges into immediate silence. Nor-
mally, if a master wants an apprentice, he sends a servant
tofetch him. A personal appearance can mean only that
the mage is furious with the apprentice and wishes to
liver an immediate tongue-lashing, or worse. An infil
trator who's established herself as a full mage wouldn't,
then, be able to spend time here and gather useful infor-
mation. In the guise of an apprentice, though, she could
quickly learn Ceoris' ins and outs. The apprentices don't
know that they serve in a nest of vampires, but they're
more attentive than their mortal masters to the fact that
something ts severely amiss at Ceoris. Their noses aren't
buried so deep in study that they're divorced from com-
mon sense. They notice things like the bleeding busts in
the Grand Foyer (see p. 53) and the wailing from below.
They know that their fellows disappear at a high rate.

This chamber is smaller and humbler than the
‘masters' room. ts walls are of bare stone and its furniture
is of barely-finished pine. Though more modest in every
way than the master's room, itis better maintained. The
apprentices take care to clean up wax spills from their
mismatched candelabra. They've decorated the walls
‘with maps and occult diageams raided from the library.

CHAMBER OF THE BLOODED
This dark and unadomed secret chamber serves as
Ceoris! true council chambers. No particular ceremony

HOUSE OF TREMERE

attends the opening of a meeting of the blooded magi
CCastellan Curaferrum runs the meeting, though i is Etrns
‘who wieldsthe authority. Tensionsat true council meetings
are often palpable. Malgorzata sometimes uses the meetings
to test Esrius, directing her barbs at his man Curaferrum.

Topics for discussion generally include the state of
Cooris's defenses, the seaus of outlying chantries, the

conwersion of such chantried leaders and diplomatic overs
‘tures to other Cainite clans. The magi chart the progres f
attempts to infiltrate the enemy, and share information on
Trimisce forces and movements. After discusing urgent
Fuiness, the hackbiting hegins. Participants propose pet
projects which typically bring the responsibilities of others
under their control. For example, Paul Cordwood might
demand that Esoara cede him a numberof his best merce:
aries forajoumey to Trimisce tertory without explaining
how he will make use of them. Or Curaferrum might
complain that Epistaria has been lax in capturing new
mortals toed from and must be urged to organize ahunting
party forrhwith. When the chantry ix hard.presed by
enemy attacks, the formal part of a true council meeting
takes up the bulk of is time, and the competing Cainites
postpone the prosecution of grievances. When they feel
safe, the bull of a council may be given aver to wrangling,

Visiting members of Tremere's fold are often taken
aback bythe open calumny that fills the air, Noone is made
to feel more welcome at Ceoris than a visitor with no
<eclaredalliances. Everyone wishes tobefnend her inhopes
of using her to further personal ends. Ifthe visitor has no
‘lear allegiance to a faction, both sides attempe to ensnare
her in their stratagems. Even if avowedly a conspirator ot
"conservative, she may be drawn into pettier disputes. Its at
the true council thatthe visitor is expected to chooxe sides
and join the fray. Doing so is dangerous; Ceoris's Cainites
feel safer attacking guests than long-time residents

Cainite councils are held only on the first and third
Thundays of each month. Etrus calls emergency sessions
after assaults on the chantry before anticipatedattacksand
when significant new information on enemy activities
(presents itself. He has also been forced to-call a number of
‘emergency meetings to attempr to enforce peace on feud-
ing Cainites. Because he leads one of the factions, he i
successful in these mediations only when the fight does
not revolve around conflict between conservatives and
conspirators. All Tremere Cainites currently present at
Ceoris are required to attend any meeting of the true
‘council, even if they'te visiting from elsewhere. Tremere
himself almost never appears, however. If he is there, it is
because he has urgent business and wishes to isue direct
‘orders to see that iti taken care of

‘The chamber's tables and chairs are blocky and
utilitarian. The walls and floors are of unfinished stone,
hewn directly from the rock by Etrius' magic. The door
is indistinguishable from the stonework of the surround:


ing corridor and thanks toa powerful ward is part of that
stonework for all intents and purposes. Temporarily
dispelling the ward, allowing the door to swing open,
requires a simple Thaumaturvic ritual that involves
carving a triangle in the palm of one's hand. Vampiric
blood is a necessary component of this rite (although
blood loss in negligible). Any of Ceoris's Cainites would
view the presence of an intruder with great alarm and
would go to great lengths to dispatch her.

BARRACKS
AND ARMORIES

‘These chambers are dedicated tothe chantry' defense
and belong to the soldiers and theit commanders. When
‘conscious and off duty, the soldiers rough house, engage in
rude banter, drink, eat and otherwise attempe to distract
themselves from the probability that they wll soon be dead.
‘The rooms reek of curled sweat. The soldiers ae careless
of their surtoundings; generations of them have carved
ribald designs into the stout furnishings or scratched them
‘nto the stone walls. Only the rooms managed directly by
Esoara truly reflect the commander's Spartan ways.

Scryine CHAMBER

Paul Cordwood, master of Ceorss spies, maintains this
chamber on the ground floor ofthe chantry. Esoara is also a
regular visitor, along with a few of his trusted ghouls. This
chamber is dominated by a precise (by the standards of the
day) mapoftheregion around Ceoris, upon which Cordwood
and Esoara have marked the placement of various serying
devices, These gruesome talismans, forged with the eyes of
innocene victims allow certain Tremere rose through them
{rom ithin the chamber. The other wallsof the chamber are
lined with lead coffers containing vials of prepared vita.
‘These humersare the rsultofthe same ritual that createsthe
serving eyes. By quaffing the right one, the Tremere can see
through the talisman even if iis leagues away.

Drinking from these unique blood preparations is
necessary for the use of a scrying eye, but presence in the
chamber is not. Cordwood uses the scrying devices
planted by his spies from the privacy of his own cham.
ters, for example. It is helpful, however, to be in the
seryingchamber as the geometry of the stones of the floor
create a circle of power, augmenting the Thaumaturgy
that links potion and eye. See p. 110 for more informa:
tion on Now Its Sight ls Ours, the ritual that creates the
sctying eyes and accompanying concoctions.

ComMAND CHAMBER

From this small office, Esoara manageshissoldiers. He

meets with his sergeants to get nightly reports regarding
the discipline of the men and their progress in his raining

regimen. Sergeants alo pas on any reports of suspicious

activity. A smaller version of the area map from the sryinig
chamber (above) iscarved into the east wall. soara paints
the current locations of guardhouses onto the map. The
room is spare and functional, in accordance with hie
respect for all things Spartan. Histable and chair are well
made and sturdy but of unvamished pine. The walls are
adored with weapons and armor pieces taken from en:
cemies Eaoara hachinmelf dispatched Esoara securely locke
his door whenever he leaves the chamber.

BARRACKS

Soldiers don't get beds to call their own. The datk:
‘ened barracks are always full of sleeping men, When the
force is langer than usual, men must sleep in bedrollson the
floor. Some prefer bedrolls anyway; the beds aren't much
more comfortable and their straw mattresses are invariably
infested with fleas, lice and bedbugs. The chamber occa
sionally flies into a commotion asa sleeping soldier bursts
cout of bed, having been awakened by a rat moving about
inside his mattress. The soldiers keep theit meager per
sonal possessions in sacks beside their beds. They alsokeep
‘weapons and armor heaped nearby should a general alarin
be sounded, calling them to battle.

Ceors's quand caprain, Esoara, tries to maintain a
force of five hundred and fifty fighting men to protect the
chantry. His preferred balance of forces ts follows: 330
aaxmen, 160 archers and 10 woodsmen to act as scouts and
patrollers. After a prolonged series of battles. his forces
ay be reduced by as much ashalf. Poor recruiting success
could also reduce numbers. The applicants tend to appear
in waves, Often, at the end of a war somewhere else in
Europe, rumors spreads through the ranks of idle merce-
raries thac there is great wealth to be had in working for
the sorcerers. When large numbers come at once, Esoara
has been known tohire on more mercenaries than he can
comfortably house, knowing that the next resumption of
hostilities will quickly whittle his forces down to a man
ageable level. So at any given time, the entire roster of
fighting men housed in the barracks can range from 200%0
(600. Combined, the various barracks provide beds for 160
‘men. The soldiers serve in eight-hour shifts, manning the
sguardhouses outside the chantry. Assuming thar Esoara
hhas about as many men as he wants at his disposal, he'll
hhave 130 stationed at the guardhouses at any given time:
Another 170 will be sleeping. Forty stand guard at various
points throughout the chantry. The remaining 170 are off-
duty. While off-duty, they're expected to devote at least
half of their time to training.

SERGEANTS' BARRACKS
Esoarahas chosen about twenty-five solders to serve as
sergeants. A couple of themare recently-EmbracedCainites,
‘but most are ghouls. Escara begins the process under the
‘guise of magical elixies, and only revealsall the details of the
(Cainite conspiracy in time. He does not fully rust the power

THE BELLY OF THE BEAST


‘ofthe blood oath The ghouls who are in the know all wish
tobecome Cainites. The Cainites look forward to promo-
tion as guard capeainsof other chantries. All ofthem regard
the mortal mages as prize fools and have difficulty conceal-
ing their amused contempe when ordered about by them.

The sergeants sleep in this gloomy chamber. Each
has a bed to call his own and a locked wooden chest in
which tw se0re his penonal possessions. The walls are
tunadomed and the torches in the sconces unused. As
status-conscious fiends on theit way up the pyramid, the

sergeants are fiercely teritorial. Anyone without proper
authority who ventures invo the barracks (or the ser-

‘geants' common room, below) faces angry interrogation.

SerGeAnts' ComMoN Room

‘This small chamber allows the sergeants a place to
congregate when off-duty. They play dice games, throw
darts, sharpen their blades, repair their armor and drink
Mostly they speculate on events within the chantry and
thatch schemes to propel themselves up into its hierarchy.
An odd few of them may be, with varying degrees of
success, teaching themselves to read of even to lear the
‘waysof magic. They're better informed on the true nature
‘of events here than anyone outside the inner circle of
Cainites who tun the place. The sergeants react bitterly
when intruded upon by anyone other than their rightful
commanders. Esoara they respect or revere, for he seither
heirsie,sitessineor regnant. Most regard Curaferrum, to
whom they must also answer, as an annoying fusspot.
Although they'd surely fall on their knees in sincere
pprostration if Tremere or Errusever deigned tospeak with
them, the respect they show to the chantry's other leading
Cainites is determined solely by the fear they inspite.
They regard visitors with hostility and suspicion, reckon-
ing that they're either spies or rivals who stand between
them and advancement up the pyramid. The way to win
a sergeant's favor is to credibly promise him faster ad-
vancement than he'll win without the alliance.

‘The walls of the room are adorned with dare tangecs,
‘mounted say¢homs and small tokens looted fom the bodies
‘of especially hant-fighting enemies. The well-beaten, hap-
/hazandly constructed furniture sof ragged pine. The servants
don't like to come here and the sengeants don't seem to care
when their room goes without cleaning for weeks at a time.

TRAINING Room

‘This lange chamber serves asa gymnasium for combat
training. Day or night. it is filled with men wrestling,
sparring. at swords, running or firing practice arrows at the
tangets in the archery annex. Medieval Europe isnot known,
for the rigor of its combat training methods, but Esoara
knows about the ancient Spartansand the lengthsto which
they went to transform themselves into ideal warriors.
Through his sergeants, he tiesto instill Spartan virtues —
‘or at least Spartan ferocity and readiness to die — in his

HOUSE OF TREMERE

corps of otherwise lazy, drunken mercenaries. About a
quarter of the men-at-arms enthusiastically embrace the
taining program, reasoning that it might mean the differ-
‘ence beoween life and death in a bucte agaist a for with
abilities beyond their ken. The rest engage in the program
‘only half-heartedly, putting full effort in only when barked
at by one of the sergeants. Assuring ideal force strength,
beoween 80 and 100 men, plus a couple uf sergeants, sweat
and strain here at any given time. The room's walls and
flooring are primitively padded with straw stuffed burlap.
Rough training dummies and poles stand throughout the
‘chamber, Piles of blunted practice weapons lay haphusardly
about. the racks where they are supposed tobe stored when
‘not in we almost invariably bare. The room stvels like
several generations of unventilated man-sweat. The sol
dices scarcely sccm to notice its rock.

ARMORY

This room houses spare weapons. Wooden racks
hold shout a hundred axes and fifry hows Archers ckilled
as flerchers spend their off-hours here, making arrows.
‘There are usually no more than four of them.

Tue Maer SulrEs

Every senior magician, blooded or not, claims suite
‘of rooms. They sleep, conduct thei research and social-
ize behind closed doors. Despite this, che floors devoted
to mages' suites are hardly quiet. A constant stream of
servants and apprentices flows through the corridors,
doing their masters' bidding. Each mage keeps a servant
fr two at his elbow, ready to execute errands on com-
‘mand — a mage who wishes to speak toan inferior sends
his dogsbody to find him. For hours on end these ser-
vants, whom the magi would never dream of admitting
to their laboratories, are sentenced to wait outside the
doorway to their masters' suites. A very few kindly magi,
like Celestyn and Omnifer, might allow their servants to
squat on tiny stools or benches by their doors, Most
expect their servants to show proper deference to theit
majesty by standing until called upon

Room assignments separate the Cainites from the
mortals. This arrangement came about gradually over the
decades as individuals moved in and out of the chantry.
Although it was nacural for the vampires to wish to be
close to one another, Curaferrum has become concerned
that the arrangement may too closely mirror the chantry's
secret power structure. He would like to reassign the
chambers, gain mixing mortals and vampires, but knows
that their occupants are creatures of habit fiercely at-
tached to their present rooms and laboratories. They'd
fight any forced rearrangement.so any change will have to
come about as gradually as did the current situation.

The suites themselves are generally similar. The
bedchamber is small, and usually piled high with books


and scrolls. Ie typically contains a writing table, which
‘may of may not have a few square inches of bare surface
showing, and a locked wardrobe for clothing, boots and
other personal effects. A washing table holds a hasin and
‘pitcher; the more fastidious mages may actually make
regular use of them. A receiving room contains several
chairs, comfortable by medieval standards, and perhaps
:ismall side able. The bulk of floor space is given aver to
the mage's laboratory. Each laboratory contains one ot
more long work tables, thei surfaces scorched by count
less alchemical spills. Magical equipment, from strange
contraptions of copper tubing to crystal skulls, may he
<arefully arranged or strewn chaotically about the tables.
They compete for table space with scrolls and books
Shelves filled with jars, each containing a chemical,
perfume or other me I ingredient. line the walls
Some labs contain cages containing live specimens
ranging ftom snakes to songbirds to chickens

Each suite has a sig of power on its door that bars
entry to all but a select few. Although no one is supposed
{o create sigil which bars Curaferrum or Etrius, many
dhare to set them so that only they and theie apprentices
can enter without triggering a magical attack. Some are so
protective of their research projects that they place sigils
(or other booby traps) throughout their laboratories.

Common features aside, each suite reflects the per-

sonality and activities of its occupant.

CELESTYN'S CHAMBERS

Celestyn's roomsare unusual in that they contain no

hypocricical of him, he feels, e

materials away if he did so himself, He keeps
journals of his travels under lock and key, writ
complex numbered code. The journals fully describe

trandformation into a vampire is
terms, They do not provide much of interest on Ce
politics, a matter of profound disinterest to th

Instead, the uninvited reader will find pa

nature description, hictorical specu

of dig sites where Celestyn expects tofind ancient relics,

CUrAFERRUM'S CHAMBERS

The castellan'sroomsshow that his laboratory his fallen
into disuse. Too occupied by the running of Ceoris, he 110
longer practices hiscraft. Wrapped in cloth and hidden in the
false boxtom of his wardrobe isa desiccated human toe. He
believes that this once jutted from the haughty foot of
Malgorzata. He thinks he can use i to cune, control oreven
destroy her should Ceoris' power struggles demand it

Episraria's CHa

Epictatio's rooms are decorated with maps abe's muake of
thesurroundingterrtcry. The maps are amazingly accurate for
the I2thcentury.theycoverallof Transylvania and ange tacts
of Hungiry, Bulgariaand Poland She'smarkedovertwodasen


locations with red Maltese crosses. These indicate villages she
deem vulnerable t raid in her capacity as mistress of the food
hhunt She always keeps atleast three human pisoners in her
Laboratory. Imprisoned in modified barreb, they wear the
‘lank, shocked faces of absolute despair. Even though they're
twsuallychikiren, the barels ae too small even foe therm, and
they spend their hours in a perpetual, painful hunch. Epseacia
telenses them only to feed upon or for use in her:
{in soul migration. Every 30 often she kills a prisoner ana tres
to capture its soul. She thinks thatthe spirits ofthe dead can
betumed intoasourceofpowergreatereven than blood maygc.
‘When in convertion with anally apprentice, she may aly
sande overtoaburreland jabashuup stick incoitssmallopening,
jot for the pleasure of hearing its occupant yelp.
Esoara's CHAMBERS

The war leader's chambers lack a laboratory, writing
desk, books or any other accoutrements of the mage's
profession. He is a soldier, not a sorcerer. The pitted
surface ofthe wood paneling isan artifact ofhisinceseant
knife-throwing practice. He pursues this activity obses-
sively while thinking about Ceoris' defensive position,
or even while entertaining another chantry resident.
Like his office (see p. 57). the walls of his suite are
decorated with trophies taken from slain enemies.

Errius' CHAMBERS

Etrius' chambers reveal a compulsion towards onder.
Every item is neatly arranged in its proper place. A light
smell of perfume hangs in the air. Over his bed hangs a
symbol at odds with the arcane and allegorical imagery
favored throughout Ceoris: a painted icon of the Virgin
Mary, her serene face surrounded by a gilt halo.

Gorarrix's CHAMBERS

The rooms of Goratrix stand disused since his exile
to the Paris chantry, but he still keeps chambers here for
his occasional visits. Blankets drape his lab table, with
‘magical equipment still in place beneath them. Servants
ccontinwe to dust the room and clear out cobwebs.

Tervais' CHAMBERS

‘Theitemsinervasschambersareimpesingandoutsied.
\Wherehisfellowssleep insimple beds, Jervais thick mactress
lies upon a vast oak pallet with elaborately carved posts and
headboard. His wardrobe is eight feet high, its doors inlaid
with a grim-visyged allegorical figured representing Might.
Locked ina lange chest in the laboratory isis personal eache
cof ts, which he keepson hand forthe bribery of mortal mages.
Stored in vials and jars, i i in the form of ws vaca,
«colorless cxorless liquid which iscastlytorefine but pleasing
to the widest variery of mages (seep. 129 for more on ws).

Maucorzara's CHAMBERS
These rooms betray their occupant's love of luxury.
She sleeps under velvet-lined blankets; her basin and

HOUSE OF TREMERE

pitcher are made of silver; her candlesticks are gold. Tapes-
tries, the boory from raids against Tsimisce strongholds,
cover every wall, save for those in her laboratory. They
depict the processions and pastimes of kings. The most
impressive ofthem hangs beside herbed. tshowsaferocious
king on rearing hors, spearing a gigantic, vicious-looking
tar, as his slavering hunting dogs ring around it
Dauup's CHAMBERS

Only the occasional bauble dug from ancient Egypi's
sands distinguishes Dauua's suite. Several faience neck-
laces, with scarahs or hippex, hang on a peg in his locked
wardrobe. A small obelisk, graven with hieroglyphs,
decorates his wash-stand.

MENDACAMINA'S CHAMBERS

Mendacamina's chambers give off the lush reek of
decaying vegetable matter. Her laboratory overflows
with potted plants. Racks along the laboratory ceiling

hold hundreds of drying sprigs, branches and leaves from.
cover alz dooen plant type. She has decoraed hor well

with hundreds of small pieces of parchment, each in-
scribed with one of her own sketches of plant anatomy.

Paut Corpwoon's Ciamprrs

Paul Conwood!'s rooms contain a number of ancient
Greek plates and pots depicting either erotic scenes or
well-muscled men locked in battle. Laid out on his work-
table are texts documenting various conceptions of the
afterlife, from the Egyptian Book of Traveling Forth By Day
tw various Greek works. In a locked and heavily warded
‘cabinet are written reports from his various spies through
out Transylvania. They contain a great deal of useful
information about the Tsimisce, Nosferatu and Gangrel
clans in the province, hidden within an even greater array
of false suppositions, crazed rumors and outright lies.

THERIMNA'S CHAMBERS

Therimna's suite smells like sulfur. Having already
filled her laboratory to bursting with all manner of al
‘chemical equipment, she's crowded her own bedchamber
with additional tables to house her ever-growing collec-
tion. Items include scales, burners of unquenchable fire,
cauldrons, mortars of al sizesand as many pestles. Miles of
copper tubing twist and tum through the chambers like an
encircling snake, wrapping around bedposts, across shelves
and uponto racks hanging from the ceiling. Therimnacan
navigate through this vast copper web of hers, bt anyone
else attempeing to move around in her chambers is bound
tw trip and run into things.

Alppe.o's CHAMBERS,

‘These chambers look a8 though a wild boar ran
through them. Appello's periodic rages move him to
uupend his laboratory table every month or 40, throwing
books and equipment every which way. He picks upafew


things, but always leaves items lying about. Shamed by
his increasing lack of self-control, he goes to great
lengths to avoid inviting anyone inside his rooms.

Briukoes' CHAMBERS

Biciurges' rooms make this mortal mage's academic
interest in earth sciences obvious Samples of rocks, precious
metals and gems lay strewn across is lab table. A panoply of
‘colorful cloch skull-caps, each encrusted with a series of
valuable gems, lies heaped atop his wardrobe. The robes
inside are peacock like in theie color and omamentatice

Onnirer's CHAMBERS

"The most norable feature of Omnifer's chambers isthe
huldosen peoteypical artifical arms thac be, vari states
of completion, on his laboratory table. Each is made of a
different substance, inchading clay, able and keal Aluhcaggh
(Onnnfer never speaks abour i reluctant to make chums until
succesiscertain itis cher coanyune taking look around that
heintendsto make areplacemens for hissiowly petnfying arm,

Tosti''s CHAMBERS

These rooms are second in tidiness only to Etrius.
Tosia has woven a chain of wikiflowers intoan adomment
for the head of her bed. She's painted her walls in. 2
soothing shade of light blue. A colorful tapestry over her
bed depicts the re-emergence of Persephone from the
Underworld, as spring flowers blossom up around her feet

Several suites and smaller chamberson thy
are set aside for Ceoris' guests. Some of these are na
but bed chamber snd ocher rooms, while othershave full
Jabs and are intended for visiting magi of House Tremer
That Dauud the Cope occupies ane of the latter "guest
chambers" (see p. 60), speaks of his tenuous place in the
chantry. Currently, envoys from Cainite clans occupy
‘two of the simple chambers (see below). Storytellers may
need more guest chambers to accommodate player chat
acters; they can place them on the sixth floor, which we
have left undefined.

Giacomo Guiccrrpint's CHAMBERS
These guest rooms are heavily decorated, suggesting
thot Guicciardini, an cnvoy of the Lasennbra,
stay for an extended period. He's covered his walls with
tapestries and silver plates taken on raids against the
sce. (He undertook these in partnership with Paul
(Cordwood.) Ifentextaininy in hischambers, be eloquently
discourses on the quality of these plundered items

Maroarer Vasa's Cuamsers

The Cappadocian envoy's roome are, by contrast,
tunadomed. Aside from a second raiment hanging in her
wardrobe, not a single object in her room so much ix
hints as to her personality or int

Apello's
Chamber


APPRENTICE QUARTERS
Apprentices live communally, eight to a room. The
cramped, anonymously appointed chambers remind their
residents of their lowly status. Apprentives therefore
avoid spending time in their rooms, except to sleep in.
Apprentice quarters smell of sweat and spoiled food —
‘many apprentices sneak bits of meals out of the common
room ( munch on at odd hours. Each apprentice claims a
humble bed and a chest to hold personal posessions. Most
lock ther chests, but know that their masters ean demand
tosearch themat any time. They don'tadorn the walls with
maps and char seulen from che library as chey have done
with their common room. It's too easy for Celestyn to spot
the culprit if she hangs something above her own bed.
Etriushas winnowed the unturned apprentices from
the Cainites. The Cainites dwell in the rooms nearest
the stairs. Vampires' chambers are empry during the
night, as are the mortals' by day; when awake, appren-
tices prefer to congregate in their common room (see p.
56). Occasionally an apprentice might come here for
privacy when he expects his oom to be abandoned. Any
single, awake apprentice encountered here is likely to

resent anyone of equal or lower status intruding on his
bubble of quiet. However, if a master enters, any stray

apprentices must leap to their feet, eager to serve.

Tue Back STAIRS

Though the masters of Ceoris may have divorced
themselves from many mortal needs, their chantry must
still bring in food, feed its human population and dispose
of its waste. A veritable hive of servants works tirelessly
tokeep the chantry running, in ways most of the place's
mages and Cainites are only dimly aware of.

In these areas the lowly inhabitants of Ceots try to
‘escape their fear of the masters and enjoy simple human
pleasures. These are the only rooms in the chantry that
‘occasionally echo with laughter. Their inhabitants group
together whenever they can, to jest and gossip and feel
a sense of safety in numbers. Whenever a figure of
authority intrudes into their island of ordinary human-
ity, they freeze and silence themselves, reminded once
‘again that no place in their world is truly a refuge

‘SMitny

This smithy manufactures and repairs weapons and
‘nem of armor forthe guards. It makes shoes for their horses
and other metal items for general use in the chantry. Pots,
pans, forks prongs and other kitchen appurtenances are
another of the smithy's specialties. I¢ also manufactures
Jewelry and similarly delicate items of precious metal, many
of which are used or consumed in the course of magical
rituals. For example, the delicite gold settings for Paul
‘Condwood!s scrying devices (seep. 110) are made here bythe
‘chantry' goldsmith, Ziphias Ash. Ash isa doddering mortal

HOUSE OF TREMERE

who can't see a foot in front of his face, but can perfectly see
the tiniest details on the head ofa pin. Hei utterly oblivious
tothe goings-on at Ceoris. Paul Cardwood toys with the idea
‘of making him a ghoul or even a Cainite, simply to keep him
alive sohecan continue hisexcellent work. The grosset work
with swords or horseshoes is done by a recent metal recruit

‘named Tescu. He's big, burly, hairy, sweaty and extremely
‘territorial about his tools and work spoce.

Dininc Hau.

Inthislange hall furnished withlongtablesandhenches,
‘mortal apprentices. servants an soldiers eat. The dining
hall must serve the 560 soldiers and 150 servants who live
in Ceoristwo meals each per day. Given the shiftsin which
both servants and soldiers work, the dining-hall sin near
constant use. Thisisthe loudest rom in Ceoris. Ir isone of
the few places where the servantsand sokdiers are permitted
toact like ordinary people. They tell sores, joke with one
another, trade insults and occasionally start brawls, Al-
though perpetually crowded. they treat the hall as their
refuge against the hushed madiness ofthe rest ofthe chanry,
The susurrus of its dozens of conversations reverberates
through the entire floor.

Mages eat in their personal suites, their food delivered
by serving girls. (Cainites pretend to have food brought to
them when the mages grow over-watchful.) Occasionally
‘one comes down to this floor in a rage, his concentration
interrupted by the mufiled sound of dining hall conversi.
tions as they echo up through the structure. The sudden
appearance ofamasteriscause for fear and shame. Suddenly
the place falls nto absolute silence, and the diners fx theit
gazes down to their feet. Apprentices may be slightly less
fearful, butsill now thatitisalwaysabad hingforamaster
toamrive. Any visiting dignitary entering the hall will elicit
similar state of alarm. Attempts to cariverse as equals with
the people here are doomed to fail. The servants and
suardsmen know thei place, and understand that familiar-
ity with masters always redounds to their misfortune sooner
cr later. The odd guandsman or serving boy may hope tobe
elevated to apprentice status and taught the ways of magic.
‘Although he might speak up in answer toa query, he toowill
kkeep a safe social distance from any potential patton.

Kitchen

‘The kitchen fires bum nearly constantly, as dosens of
serving women tol to feed the chantry' inhabitants. They
knead dough, boil soup, haste sptted boars or calves, chop
‘vegetables and stir great, gluey pots of gruel. The chief cook,
Zaha, serves as Curafernum's watchful eyes here. She repors
to him any untoward activities she happens to observe. The
appearance of any high-ranking personage in her domain
‘would definitely be cause for suspicion. Surely they would de
50 only with poisoning in mind, Food not yet prepared is
stored in the pantry, a room perpetually dusted in flour. The
chantry's needs for fresh water are served by an artesian wel.


Knowingthatthe well scrucialtoCoors survival, Curaferum
assigns large guard complement to thwart saboteurs.

Srewarp's QUARTERS

Hodu, a gray-haired, skeletally-thin ghoul, heads
CCeoris'corpsof servants, Answering directly to Curaferrum
(both his superior and his regnant), he assigns duties to
cach servant, meres out iron-handed discipline and gath
ts information on backstairs doings for his master. He
<dwellsin thissmall, musty cubbyhole. His prize possession
is his oversized bed. Compulsively obedient even for a
shoul, he devotes his every waking hour to his duties, and
ts thus rarely found here except when sleeping.

SERVANTS' QUARTERS

Servants live in large communal areas not unlike the
suardsmen's baciacks. The quarters are segregated by
tex. The Tremere make no concessions for the fleshy
desires of their servants. Those who wish to couple with
spouses or lovers must do s0 furtively. Hadu punishes
‘only those whose assignation attract the actencions of
the masters. He is, however, under strict instructions to
report any guardsmen dallying with serving girls to
Esoara. Esoara prescribes lashings for those of his men
unable to contain theis busts

Ceoris' strict prohibitions against sexual conduct
were instituted by Goratrix and are enthusiastically con-

tinued by Curaferrum, who sces lustful behavior as an
affront to good onder. Of all ofthe masters rules, this is the
‘one the servants and soldiers are most apt to violate. Even
sabliers who otherwise admire Bzoara bitterly resent his
rigid enforcement of this cold and impossible rule. Ser
vanes and soldiers alike devo onsiderable ingenuity to
making their assignations without getting caught.

Bach room contains around cightcen beds. Servants
keep what few personal items they own in rough sacks
stored under their beds. The beds are used througho
the day as servants sleep in shifts. Like those in the
barracks, the rough straw mattresses are infeated wi
lice, ticks, fleas and the occasional nt.

Launpry

Scrubbing women wash clothes and sheets in the
laundry room. (The average garment in Ceoris gets washed
perhaps once every three months.) Seamstresses repair the
masters' damaged robes in a small alcove in that roorn
Cleaned clothing and sheets are stored in the annex tothe
north. Clothing in need of cleaning is stored in is twin to
the east. The women who labor here would be surp
and alarmed tose any of the mastersex their visitors enter
these rooms. The most cominan interlopers here are the
apprentices of Malgorzata and Tosia, who are periodically
dispatched to berate and threaten the laundresses when
delicate piece of fine clothing ts damaged in the wash,


E COLLECTION AREAS
Thedozen or soCainitesatthe pyramid'sapex may no
but the hundreds of servants and
ill produce sizeable quantities of
piss and shit. The lowliest servants in the complex are
those who collect the chamber pots and wheel their

contents on primitive gumeys down to a storage room.
The wastesare then collected in large barrels which when
fullare piled onto a cart. The muck-carriers then pull the
down the long corridor to the alcove they've dubbed

c "Anse of Ceoris." This isa hole in the chase wall,

m outside obververs by the thick cout of

ly-enhanced fog that shrouds the outer face. A

Wy portcullis provides additional protection against
any intruders capable of making their way down there.
The ordure-haulers must raise the portcullis before drop
istheit load. Ifthey happen to be obeying instructions,
they pause to listen for any sign of watchers up on the lip
cof the chasm. Then they unlatch the back of their cart,
sending the barrel rolling out the hole and down hun
dreds of feet to the chasm's bottom. The shithaulers are
neither bright nor attentive, and are certainly not armed.
Although no one has yet done so, the Arse of Ceoris
remains perhaps the heat (if moat undignified) way to
sneak into the castle. Those willing to stomach further
indignity might don the servants' crap-spattered vest-
iments after overcoming them. Even other servants treat
the shit-carriers as invisible. Nobody bothers to lean

their names or memorize faces. They live in their own set
cof quarters and eat at a separate table in the dining bal,
They enjoy access to all of the castle's living quarters, but
have been told never to bother cleaning chamberpots out
of the rooms of certain mages. These are, of course, the
Cainites, who no longer defecate. Thus, an intruder (ot
mortal Tremere) wanting a complete list of Ceoris' vam:
Pires could get it by asking the shie-men which private
suites they've been told to avoid.

THE THINGS BENEATH

Ceoris' lower levels hide its secrets. Some lower
chambers are hewn from the mountain rock, just like
those on the upper floors. Others are enlarged versions of
the original caverns that first inspired Goratrix and
Errius co build their keep here. They did so because the
largest of the caves was rich in vis

(Couraferrum keeps this area off-limits to all but the
most trusted guests and discourages the mortal mages from
entering it. The magi know that the laboratories which
spawned the Gargoyles are here, along with other unsa
vory locations such as a torture chamber and dungeon
Aside from Toxia's group of Chistian mogi, hey sre quite
content to put the upsetting realities of these places out of
their minds. Naturally, they are central to the Tosia's
suspicions; she imagines an enormous demonic cathedral
complete with bloodstained altar. Unbeknownst to her,


(Omnifer and his retainers have made several trips to this
forbidden area, penetrating many of Virstania's laborato-
ties. They even heard the moans of the prisoners in the
feeding chamber (see below), but assumed them to be
furure sacrificial victims, not sources of blood.

‘The air here is damp, and projects a chill into the
‘most vigorous bones. In the corridors, one might en:

counter vampires such as Virstania, Malgorzata, Etrius,
Paul Cordtwood or Mendacamina, along with their reti
‘ues. The former two would be most likely heading tor
from an experiment. Etrius will be heading towards, or

ing, an audience with Tremere. The business of the
latter two takes place in the cells and torture chamber.
Allare especially on theie guard down here and any of
them would be quick to interrogate those without right.
ful business in these forbidden hallways

VirsTani's CHAMBERS
Virstania's chambers are drab and undecorated: she's
too obsessed with her Gargoyle project to concem herself

with petty matters of appearance. Servants don't come

down here, 0 the comers of her chamber are draped with
cobwebs. The naked stone flooring holds decades worth of
dire and grit. The sheets and blankets on her shabby bed
haven't been laundered in years. The thin layer of slime at
the bottom of her wash-basin betrays her increasing
disinterest in personal hygiene. Her sitting room is used
only fr storage, its chairs piled high with books. None of

Sa eaara waaeesue

MYSTERY OFTHE CAVERNS |

The caves ten' antaral' They look like caverns
created by water erica through limestone, buroceut
im the volcanic rocefftan whigh the region's
tains are made. No apipsn Ca8ns equipped to make
this distinerion: Ie'vall be Yaiy venturies before

geological Knowledge adwmoges to the point where |
even an educated Penton woukl raise an eyebrow at

extensive Quen netwotks in volcanic rock
A long rime fig, Tremere and E

understand! thts sigs
to wonder aber Syste aCe

‘They will hesivantly guess thac ie was Kugpas

vastly |

powerful local demuminditece!y resporisibte for many |
of the region's harttits Bien then they will not fully
picce cogethey the detog's complete-involverent |
in their trantereting frm magi-to Cainites. For
‘more on Kupala and its possible role in Tr

activities see Transylvania By Night. 78 and 126.

het peers enjoys visiting with Virsta
them to endure her presence, the
Chamber of the Blooded (see p.
‘The most notable feature of her chambers is the long
corridor abutting the Gargoyle pens. A series of seven
peepholes punctuates its wall and -ather padded
bench allows observers to sit and watch the creatures'


behavior. Virstania does so for hours each day, marking
her observations down in a series of blank-paged, bound
books which she leaves in heaps on the benches. When

she sees them doing something worthy of note. she
reaches for the nearest book and begins to scribble. Thus,

the observations ofany given day could be scattered across
«as many as half adozen of her notebooks. A wooden shelf
hangs beneath the peepholes. Virstania has placed an
inkwell and quill pen under each peephole.

of connected cavems, enlarged by earth:
moving magic, provides a home to Ceoris' Gargoyle
complement. Their number now stands at three hun-
dred battle-ready beasts, plus about seventy-five
malformed individuals. Virstania feels too great a sense
of ceion fx tepice Ge ating vs cso path
on their own. Healthy Gargoyl a surprising
solicitude for theit weaker kin, bringing them captured
«animals — or sometimes enemy soldiers —to feed upon.
‘Scrong Gargoyles fight amongst themselves on occasion,
but never attack the crippled ones. About a third of
Ceoris' Gargoyles gather here at any one time.

The chambers themselves are rough-hewn and
adorned only by piles of bones. Although you can find the
‘xkd human skull or bone among the piles, most are cattle
tones, stripped clean and cracked open for the marrow.
Every woften the Gargoyles lean up the bones, bringing
the piles co Virstania' le apprentices. They then

sort the bones by type of creature and powder them with
‘mortar and pestle. Bone powder is a useful alchemical
ingredient, which Ceoris exports to other chantries in
exchange for salts and essences harvested elsewhere.
Aside from fighting, Gargoyle activities in the pens
are largely confined to eating and sleeping. Now and
then they'll capture a large animal, enemy soldier or

hapless villager to chase, torture and ultimacely kill.
They do this for the sport of it, and to teach the newly-
made Gargoyles, who are awkward when first spawned,
how to hunt and slay. Virstania does not like to watch
them when they do this. She once forbade these torture
sessions, but saw morale suffer when the Gargoyles tried
to obey het. She now unhappily accepts the games.
Coors can't supply the Gargoyles' vast appetite for
blood. Each adult Gargoyle is allowed to spend about a
thind of ts time hunting. (Another third isspenton duty.)
At fist, the creatures consistently raided the herds of
nearby farmers and took deer and other game animals
from the surrounding forest. They soon depleted the
forests of game and drove the farmers they preyed on to
leave the region. Virstania taught them tocasta wider net,
and now some of the stronger specimens fly hundreds of
miles a night to bring back meat for the community.
The Gargoyles sleep in large piles, as if comforted by
physical proximity to others of their kind. They sleep

HOUSE OF TREMERE

soundly but not quietly, emitting a cacophony of snores,
wheezes, shrieks and grunts that waking Gargoyles seem
to find comforting but other observers (Virstania ex-
cepted) are apt to find ear-rending.

The Gargoyles react poorly to unfamiliar faces in
their lair. They bow down before Virstania and shirk in
fear from Esoara. Ceoris's other Cainites give this place
a wide berth. Anyone else entering without Viretania or
Esoara would be immediately confronted. At first, the
Gargoyles war intruders by hissing. lapping their wings
and baring their teeth. Interlopers who fail tslowly back
‘out of the lair face immediate attack by at many Gar

‘goyles as can physically lay hands on them,

Eyre

This exit allows Gangovles to fly in and out of Ceoris
‘without walkingup through thecastle. Irisalongchamber
‘opening up into the chasm separating the chantry from
the surrounding mountainside. Its length allows the Gar-
szovles to get a running start as they work to take flight.

Here the Gargoyles display their trophy bones: the
skulls of slain enemies arranged on poles. The exit is
‘currently lined with six poles, each displaying upwards of
twenty skulls. Many ofthe skulls show complerely-amashest
in craniums oF large ‘wounds from nusk-like Gar-
syle teeth. Pikes of finger bones lie at the bottom ofeach
pole. Viestaniaaidstheir trophy collection. She wes aminor
ritual of her invention to reconstitute sain Cainites'seulls
from the dust they immediately disintegrate into.

The eyrie is seventy feet down the cliff face. Six
Gargoyles always stand guand here. Their orders are to
destroy any mortal or vampire who attempts t come 10
(Ceoris through the eyrie, even if they look and smell like
Virstania or Esoara. If attacked, the guards immediately
shrick for help, alerting the approximately one hundred
adult Gargoyles likely to be elsewhere in the lair complex

During the day, the eyrie is guarded by about adozen
ghouls. These are crazed individuals who have been
made ghouls by the Gargoyles themselves. To qualify for
this dubious distinction, a mercenary must display low
intelligence and a rabid bloodlust. Curaferrum sputtered
apoplectically when he learned that Virstania had per-
mitted her Gargoylestotake ghouls. He petitioned Etrius
forthe ghouls' immediate destruction, reasoning that the
slavish beasts could not be trusted with the right to
initiate blood oaths. Malgorzata, seeing an opportunity
to mend relations with Virstania and vex Curaferrur,
stood up to argue that the strength of the pyramid could
not be threatened by a handful of drooling guards in a
forgotten comer of the chantry. Etrius infuriated
Curaferrum by merely taking the matter under advise-
ment and then doing nothing. Curaferrum would still
like to see the ghouls here destroyed and not replaced,
and may seek junior allies to further this goal.


Simanacrka ANNEX

‘This small, unadomed chamber contains four beds,
‘washstand with basin and a wardrobe. This room provides a
home to Ceoris'simulacra — Gargoyles created in the image
‘of Cainites (see p. 126). These forlom, doom-wracked
creatures can't mix with the other Gargoyles. They register
to the creatures' senses as either Gangrel, Teimisce or
Nosferatu. Most Gargoyles feel an instinctive, violent loath-
ing of at least one, it not all, of those three clans. Although
they yam to join the others in the Gargoyle pens they know
they be set upon and tom apart. So they while away their
time here, waiting to be given a dangerous mission by Paul
‘Cordwood. Pastimes which might alleviate the boredom of
a geruine Caine, like reading, are of no interest to the
simulacra. They just sit, staring at the wall, their faces
‘contorted in misery. Virstania takes pity on these creatures
and used to come and visit them. However, she expected
them tobe able to respond to her as peers and was distrested
vwhen they could not. Her misshapen Gargoyle apprentice,
Fidus, has overcome his primal dislike of simulacra and does
his best to provide them comfort during their short stays in
thischamber. Sinee he sonlyahalfway-acceptable Gargoyle
himself, thesimulacrafindhiscompany encouraging, butstill
somewhat wancing..

Although there are four beds here, Ceoris rarely houses
that many simulacra at once. There may be none at all.
Simulacra are generally created for specific missions and
‘rnmediately set out to perform them, Often they are caught
sled So there aged chanced chi wom willbe
‘ary, Ifs0, only a strange air of unquenchable sadness wil
areet the Cainite who ventures into this chamber.

EXAMINATION CHAMBER

Virstania examines CCainites in this long,
damp chamber with walls of rough-hewn rock. Her objec-
tive isto measure their potential as raw materials for new
‘Gargoyles. Ghoul guardsmen run the victim, blindfolded,
chained and hobbled, from his cell, through the guard-
house and down the corridor, They then slam him
backwards onto Virstania's examination table and buckle
restraining straps around his wrists, ankles and neck. The
leather straps are reinforced with steel wire. Virstania,
asisted by her quartet of Gargoyle apprentices, then
performs a series of measurements. She repeatedly pierces
the victim's body cavity to draw fluids for analysis in her
lab. Finally she places a numberof artificial gemstones on
the victim's skin to measure the flow of magical energy
through the body. The gems turn various colors, depend
inig on the degree of energy detected. As they do s0, they
bum and scorch the victim's flesh. As incrusive as this
examination is, it draws little blood.

Virstanin's Stupy CHaMper

‘This room looks like a smaller version of laboratories
connected to the other mages' private apartments. A shelf

full of books fills the eastern wall. Shelves on the other
walls contain tubs and jars full of various alchemical
powders, pastes and solutions. In this chamber, Virstania

measures and tests the fluids gathered during an examina
tion. She mixes them with various alchemical powders,

pts them in solution to see what salts crystallize out of
them and then bums the salts. She eatches the smoke on.
parchment, then divines from the pattern the powers she
‘might impart to a Gargoyle using the subject's dismem-
bered remains. The room smells like burnt meat.

CONVERSION CHAMBER

Virstania and her apprentices dismember their
Cainite prisoners in this chamber before turing them.
into Gargoyles. Each victim must be dismembered

cording to a separate exacting procedure, the details of
which Visstania has aleady deermined during the

prisoner's stint in the examination chamber, To remind
herself of the precise incisions required, she makes a life-
size diagram of the victim with dotted lines marked on it.
‘The blood spatters 50 freely in this room that she usually
slaps this vellum chart onto the wall, where the sticky
‘gore of past dismemberments holds it fast.

‘This floor of this round room is permanently coated in
‘tacky, mostly dried blood and is docted with small knots of
desiccated viscera, some as big as thumbs. Hair and cloeted
‘blood clogs a drain in the middle of the floor. Wooden pegs
jammed intoholes in the stone wallshold asuccessinvcf axes,
ssrws, rasa, pins, scalpels, scissors, pincers, pliersand clamps.

Tom scraps of old charts still stick to the wall in
various places. Ifa character happens to have infiltrated
Ceoris looking for a kidnapped comrade, it is not inco
ceivable that he might find a chart fragment bearing ¢
lost one's name still blood-pasted to these walls
Srepinc CHAMBER

Inthis small oom, is dimensions mathematically deter
‘mined to be ideal for the task, Virtania and her apprentices
take the "converted" victims, now reduced to chunks of meat,
and bone, and begin to treat them. Same parts are scakesd in
chemical solutions. Others are tanned. Sull other parts are
left to dry out, or preserved in salt. When all are ready,
Viestania takes them and sews them together. She then
places them inside afresh, untreated cow's hide, sewing the
‘whole thing up into asac meant to mimic a uterus. Then her
assistants haul the sac into the gestation chamber

Gestation CHAMBER

The walls and door of this room are heavily paxided in
anattempt to muffle the non-stop screaming ofthe creat
that dwells inside. Dubbed Alvusia by its creator
tormentor, this twenty foot long, twelve-ton creature isthe

spawner of Gargoyles. (Virstania prefers to think of herself
as their mother.) Its most notable feature is its distended,

dome-like bell, its taut surface woven with pulsing veins


and capillaries. A raw, reddened scar, threaded shut with,
h of the belly, perspiring dots of green.
undteet.

P

in her back. Althc
pinay neck e uppoRtng ts we
avy. Her yard-long, toothless
syle apprentices profess to find the sound! 300d

Jthey awoctate with their months in the womb

the sac full of

int — she brings it to che

ly sharpened knife, she once

ices open

corpse-sized sac into the gaping belly. She resews the

aches a crescendo, Over
cothe chamber
necessary to the birthing pro-

y return
to perform various 1

cess. Final .
mathemati

ict with,
sainty, Alvusta shudders, screams even

HOUSE OF TREMERE

4 begins to give birth. Other Gargoyles gather,
pushing their way into the chamber to witness the miracle.

way down her massive birth canal, parting the w
flesh to emerge, coated in greenish blood. The witn

les nearest the front rush forward to fall upon hitn,
the Gargoyle to the rest ofthe pack. Later they will teach
him two worship Virstania as mother, creator and goddess.
heir holding

pen,as Viestania satisfaction at her new creation.

Srconpary GestaTion CHAMBER
Four rows of man sized casks dominate this oom. Atany
given time, aboutathind of the casks have lidson them, These

led with copious quantities of wax. Each cask

se remind her when the fetal Gargoyles
inside were first installed, and when they were last checked.
Births using Alvusia resulc in better-quality Gargoyles,

and provide the rest of the Gargoyle colony with a mu

han do these casks. As much as Virstania might lke
ly prepare each Gargoyle the ritually perfect way
leagues call on her to produce many more than the


few per year that would allow, So the bulk of the Gargoyles
ae gestate in casks, their sacs attached to the undersides
ofthe lids, suspended in nourishing alchemical fluid.

Virstania might invite atrustedallytofollowheronher
rounds as she carefully opens a cask or two and takes a
sample of fluid. She won't allow anyone to tear open the
sacs to sce the developing Gargoyles within. Fetal Gar-
spylescan sicken and die ifexposed to the ait'ill humors."

"To deal with possible intruders who wish to tamper
with the Gargoyles, Virstania places destructive wards
on the tops of each active cask' lid. Only she wears the
counter-amulet that prevents them from going off. Be-
‘cause she wearsa lange number ofsimilar-looking amulets,
even when sleeping, itis very hard to get the counter-
amulet from an unknowing Virstania

In addition to Virstania, Malgorzata keeps a key to
this chamber. However, she rarely comes here these
days, having long ago lose interest in Gargoyle making

‘SPECIMEN CHAMBER

‘Virstania forbids her creations to come to this room,
atepository both for preserved, dead Gargoyles and living
‘examples of her other experiments in sorcerous hybeidiza-
tion, Stacked from floor toceiling along the eastandnorth
walls are dozens of wire cages, each containing a hideous
animal spawned from Virstania's experiments. They in-
clude fist-sized spiders with agonized human faces on the
tops ofttheirabdomens, disembodied srag'sheads rendered
mobile by hundreds of millipede-like legs and a clump of
squamous, grayish tissue that can envelop and devour arat
in less than a minute. The caged creatures chirp, whistle,
hhum, cluck and hoot when anyone enters the room.
‘Virstania lovingly feeds them by hand. Few of these
creatures are capable ofbreeding or survivingon their own
for any length of time. Some of them are very dangerous
predators, though. On several past occasions, when en-
emy armies forced the abandonment of all watch postsand
withdrawal into the chantry, Virstania released hordes of
these bizare creatures to harass besieging forces. A small
‘number of them still survive in the woods. Ceoris's own,
guards and Gargoyles kll the things whenever they catch
them in the wild or place them at the bottom of pit traps
toawait unlucky intruders.

Deep shelves along the south wall contain the salt-
preserved bodies of dead Gargoyles. Some have been
thoroughly vivisected, while others are stil intact. Vitania
studies these in her efforts to perfect the Gargoyle form.
Many were stillborn, and appear grossly deformed. Some
specimensdisplay malformed claws, multiple faces, strange
worm-like appendages or bifurcated limbs.

Its door is of solid iron. Only Virstania hasa key, but
she is sometimes forgetful about locking it. She thinks
her Gargoyle apprentices remain ignorant of its con-

FED BS apo

tents, but the boldest of them, Luma, once ventured
inside and carefully examined its contents.

BirtHinc ANNEX

In this annex of the Specimen Chambes, a very lage,
barely alive doe ofthe red deer lies, tied down on its back,
its belly sliced open and restitched like the Alvusia, the
spawner of Gargoyles. This unfortunate creature is to the

specimen chamber's altered animals what Alvusia isto the
Gargoyles: living incubation chamber.

Ichor Cowwection CHAMBER

Thisis another chamber the Gargoyles know nothing
about. In the center of the room is a gigantic, manwally
‘operated vise-like press. The device is big enough to crush
a man-sized object. Between the two sides ofthe press is
section of meshed flooring. Reneath the mesh is
‘trough used to catch the bodily fluids squeezed from the
creatures crushed by the vise. A channel in the trough
leads toa spout. Ifthe vise is in use,asilver bucket isplaced
under the spout. Otherwise. careful inspection might
reveal aring ofa red sticky substance on the floor beneath
the spout: This residue is spillover from a now-absent
bucket. Leaning up against a wall are a series of heavy
planks. A perceptive investigator might note that the
planks are just the right size to place on top of the press to
prevent the escape of any unlucky soul facing the vise.

An observer sneaking into this room might well be
puzzled by its purpose. It seems an inefficient means of
blood collection. In fact, it's used in the bizarre ritual to
extract a useful juices from an even more bizare creature,
the Gargoyle offshoot called the hexaped. See p. 113 for
a description of the ritual and 124 for the hexaped itself.

Prisoners' CEUs

The Tremere occasionally keep certain peisoners in
reasonably good condition, to ransom them for the free-
‘dom of their own captured clanmates. At present, though,
the Tremere are so hated and feared by thei enemies that
the opportunity to swap prisoners rarely presents itself
‘They keep prisoners primarily toextract information from
them. They may offer freedom to those who t
not in the habit of keeping their word in such
Captured Cainites, as vital ingredients in the Gargoyle
transformation, are a resource not co be squandered.
Mortal mages who suspect the Tremere's transtormation
are too dangerous to be allowed to tell theit tale.

The Tremere keep their important prisoners in small,
damp cells. Each is magically hewn from solid stone: There
are no loose stones to hide objects behind, and no chance of
digzing one's way out. Designed to break thetr inhabitants
minds, they lack windows or sources of light. Food for the
‘mortal captives s thrown into the cells through small slits in
their iron doors. Prisoners are not provided with plates or
bbowls and must pick theie filthy food of the floor, morsel by
morsel. Drinkingwaterisladled tothem through the slit;they
THE BELLY OF THE BEAS


twat sit beneath the ladles like dogs to lap the water up.
3ueurds are not permitted to speak to prisoners, even toshout
abuse at them. The door cannot be unlocked from the
inside. The only way out the cell tod what the Tremere

demand. Naturally, even the most intransigent prisoner is
taken from cell to torture chamber every so often.

Current prisoners are described in Chapter Five.

Feepine CHamBer

In this much langer cell, from one hundred and fifty
three hundred frightened peasants huxkdle in chains. These
ane the victims of Epistatia's latest food raid. Ceoris's de-
mands for blood! are inordinate even for a large nest of
vampires because the practice of thaumaturgy requires enor.
mous quantities of vitae. Although Ceors's Cainites try to
feed upon them in moderation, sometimes they grow over-
hungry and drain a victim dry. The prisoners also tend to die
from malnutrition or sickness. Sometimes they try to kill
order to end their misery. When the number

below sixty, Epistatia organises another

The captves have sea lite of Ceors knowing only
prured by fiends and are now fed upon by

them. However, because the feedings arouse feelings of
ccatisy in the victims, they offer the only moments of relief
from misery these wretches ever experience. Whenever
anyone enters theit prison, the vessels surge forward heed:
lessly neil bought shore by their chains, each begging tobe

stasre Down
to Lower Level Sine

HOUSE OF TREMERE

sacked from. The pale, scrofulous prisoners often seek theit
coun deaths by putting themselves forward even neat to
fainting from blood loss. Whether they knowingly seek
suicide or have simply lost their reason ic a question Covi'
vampires regard with studied incuriosty

GuaRDHOUsE

‘Six guards are always stationed here: one ghoul, one
Gargoyle and four mortal soldiers. Despite the bone:
roating dampness ofthe area and the disquieting steams
of tortured prisoners, this is considered a plum task, It's
nether ial dangers nor epecilysrenuns
The guards station the Gargoyle at the bottom of the stairs,
nearer the cells With him out of the way, they can play
dice, eat, throw darts at a makeshift board and generally
loaf about. Until that they hear approaching foosteps
coming down the corridor, te which point they snap f
attention and hide the evidence of thei shitking. The
shoul, of coun, repore all to Cordwood, whois secretly
Content to allow the men to enjoy their task

The guardhouse contains a bench, some darts, 4
removable target and a few plates liberated Irom the
dining hall. Former guards painted a lascivious picture
(on the wall; ft shows a woman in congress witha boa
The paint is now peeling off

Torture CHAMBER

‘This lange and well-equipped torture chamber pro
Vides a site for Paul Cordwood's lengthy interrogations. I

to Lower Level Six

ad

<< Store up


anaunes

sqvuy MOQUDg yd
2OLF J20IF AVWOF

pal saxp 4008 sh SuIppng jo ayes sup ‘sesodoud
say aye o1 any wax dung YO weADf sIeqU
eaecaoseyy 20y adn >uwod9q wap yo yey SOU 3y |
‘iow equated furpeans 20 sayeUID|qHON Uo Suds
ayy] ‘sys Auonnsun ang Anad umopod soy area
Ur ss tisep Sumayo Aq maKp osm 3p -saews enous
Jo Aagesoy 99 ng 01 sa sy so5n 3p -SxDOB8 WO aA> 80]9 8
‘ekaay ang sfosunny 9 40y aen ou sey sant) s9qO 9
‘Jo spuend upodan sry BuzU0I700 UY FA ISUIKA
usa mu AOYL "asoUad 4a sod stp on parmodde
yeaa HEY MOK SUDPISALS S400") ‘S44 posNfuUOD YIM
AoquoUr uo,oRUy axp aeoa|go 01 allun jpamod e asua
uaa ayn peu arouse Aq porous smdiews yBry Ase
YBoowry ‘ua sole soxTy YY ‘spuENs syp oN
suaunuo> ruaforun aan aoey uy afueq on Kx oY 2804 |
2xb4 Tujuio> toy satin J94po PausEg sey 3y PUL SOK
S141 940 ase e Aq po shuange ane adoy spuend any m8
oxfi on sande sonuo9 seauDf Aem-sraaze atp waop pueda
«gut 01 2jdood moyre aysoy sx Swope pazeds suns Pep
sation qs §AaIuEYP aep wos FuypeDy [auUmD feRLDA
oop Amp © ypnouyp S9uOD AXED se yD 02 DD
sSunUEY> J24p0 Woy
s2m09 mou sa snnuEYD aya JO OYA "YSIY AJqEPEUDE S|
EOP € MON "YAUOU Jad sfexa> yo suazop py>AA
«9 pan jood ay 1 aa3e0 ayp dn dey on asaya eaus 09 And
{jjeuoyness0 pue «asaya Surae>pxouu} sa} Jo Pause>| 24ey
s|d08eg awiog "aye sfeOW pur saarUTe-) Aq paRqust

uayre sioaye AcreuFan|pey avy s90p 2} ‘s]]ads s9Mod
©3 Jryamn ou YinoypTY "YoENUASUO> Mo] MI
Je>wew sureauor jood axp uy sa9eM ay], "Jood punait
-a9pun Ue yo pag 242 uo s}sodap auy|PEAsksD se aeadde
21 "2AKD so aU Ul "easeaq [EDK yo suEdO a4 UL
20 ary yeoiteun se "uno fesoures tit — sudo) yo ssquuns
Auge ur seadde ue> 914 "yew soup samod 02 2sn sate
Jewow aoueasgns yesmeuiadns atp ‘na Jo soaanos soy SH.
§,2domngyo 240 posnoy 250 WiasK> s)iL| "YOREDH} $8409)
29) worteanow jeuiiun ap paprsaid iaqumey> punaid
"opun snUERS sip ‘mou pouista Ajanes ynoupTYy
YAK SIA
ayshu 2xau ayp worssas soxOURN aataans Pine WIA ap
ssqurtp 2y p uoResouaiuy we spus zasou ay ‘ssounysincvorp
{uy saA91}2q AYP zaKPO AuAAa Agu InEXE UooL If
somn 2} "spunom todo pur so42 oyu ysepds 03 20 da qruss
(1 post ag Aus hou axaty 00p axp seu ats 244 pu 32
jonaypng spuens agp uicyySurystjod aryndtas 20% pure s9aps
joase squauuj dust aumaoa axp yo Aureus fxay uw ss
Supppeds uo saseus poompror "49;TEIq, SYP 40} Boge
douunyp yews w Aq poyziew ‘sa1U29 s.tv0c 9y
Aqjona> sune2(% pooyg 20y ureap ‘y "suey WapOoM AaKoq,
soqumeyp ayp yo auo uo sdiens saxpeay au Aa pauTesas
2q how 3per oy uo pase|d you swN>4A "Alum]> pue
soapy sx3yod yo Aaauna w se jams sje yo yt 49139
f ‘sae ang yo Araea w "Ape] UO] UE "ype e sauNde}

sd


Guard duty at the vis pool is another coveted
assignment. The guards here get to loaf, sitting on
improvised couches they've made from stolen sheets
and old crates. They hop to when they hear someone
coming, though. They're usually bolstered by a Gar-
goyle of the fearsome iecur variety, a sub-type
uninterested in drinking the waters.

‘The warers faintly luminesce. casting an eerie ripple
pattern along the domed roof and across the faces ofall
whogaze onit. A thick, colorless mat of fungus creeps up
the sides of the cavern from the pool. It smells like good
ted wine but is highly poisonous to those foolish enough.
to taste it. Jervais sometimes harvests i¢ to slip into the
drinks of his faction's breathing enemies,

ABANDONED Lans

During Etrius' eatly-11th century inquiries into
diabolism, he made a dreadful mistake,
of demons into the level of the chantry which at that
time housed the laboratories of a dozen mages. Seven
apprentices, two mages and sixteen servants were
devoured by the invading devils. Etrius and colleagues

rallied to drive the fiends back and cast spells of
warding to seal the door.

resumably lurk there still. Etrius and

ta join forces every few years to strengthen the

lof warding which prevent their escape. Perhaps to

Tremere's

Chamber

‘unt him, Malgorzata has openly speculated that Etrius
opened a doorway to Hell. As the demons have never
made it past the wards, Ceoris' leaders are content to let
the matter lie. The entrance to the abandoned labs is
heavily guarded. Mages and apprentices are warned not
even approach the area. Ghoul or Gargoyle guards

sand skittishly at chetr disquieting post, under orders to
attack and kill anyone trying two meddle with the wards
after sounding an alarm by banging a large gong that
hangs by their post. Even if the door is opened, wards
along the hallway are strong enough to keep the demons
from pouring past the doorway. The sigils seream when
interfered with

The inhabitants of the other side are quiet unless a
person comes within a foot or so of the sealed door. The
door begins to shake and rattle in its hinges, droplets of
slime condense on its surface, a sulphurous stench fills the
air and billows of acrid smoke rise up from the flooring.
The guards' orders instruct them to stop anyone from
setting close enough to the doo to prrwake this action.

The labs take up all of the filth underground level of
‘Ceoris. Note chat the map represents the lab complex as
built by Etrius and Goratrix. For all anyone at Ceoris
noms, it new residents may have since altered the
floor's dimensions. Anyone somehow making it inside
the abandoned lab is immediately set upon by extraordi
narily powerful demons.


Here lies Tremere, who rarely emerges
oftorpor with symptoms that, tothe conster
clan, seem unlike anything else in their study of C
lore. Although unconscious and insensate, he thrashes
about on his elaborately carved oaken bed. He is always

ie that he does not injure himself in his tremors. The
apprentices view this duty with intense trepicl
Sometimes Tremere, infused with unearthly strength,
sing them as agents of Saulot. One
apprentice was driven into torpor by one of Tremete's
attack; second was tom to pieces by amere glance of her

ondition; over the years Therimna has
several for breaking this admonition. Thus no one save
Etrius knows that Tremere frequently breaks from his
torpor to speak, that he does so in two distinct voices,
and that one of the voices speaks in a tongue none of
them recognize. Nor are they anxious tw describe his
periodic changes in appearance. Sometimes his arms
recede is corso and his legs fuse together. His
already-pale skin sometimes becomes glossy and grub-
white. New eyes bubble up like buboes on head
only to pop in an eruption of pus and ca

Periodically he conducts a
store Tremere's cons

apply a poultice or spea
possible insight into Tremere's condit
ered into his chamber to observe it for themselves, but
only if they enjoy Etrius' absolute trust

ycealed the
ataand

Etrius believes that he has successfully ¢

passes the gist of his
s willing to take th

ix might be 2 them in
jer not already

ceuphemistic terms likely to confuse

familiar with Tremere and his co
s sealed with an iron
ity, guard the

1echamberdrip with rivulets of w



ze Samnes
nnd Soon to Bie


Atop Ceoris' ever-bloody pyramid of ambition sits
anelite circle of Cainites, most of whom were Embraced
during the [1th century. They are the chantry's survi-
vors. Apprentices and guests prove less durable, dying in
the place of the masters who manipulate them. Mortal
ther obliviously pursue their own narrow goals,

of, with frightened caution, seek to find proof to bolster
their suspicions about Erriusand his circle Beneath the
ice of the schemers, ghouls go about their duties and
Gargoyles unknowingly construct asociety of their own.

A Wes or AmpiTion
AND

Although the two factions thatdrive power struggles
Tremere certainly make their presence

known, politics inside Ceoris consists, above all else, of
a web of temporary alliances between isolated players

pursuing plans driven chiefly by bitterness and spite.
Even before the Council of Seven undertook the arro-
gant and reckless bargain that made chem vampires, the
leading magi of House Tremere were as noted for pursu-
‘ng vicious internal rivalries as for scheming for power
within the greater Order of Hermes. From its inception,
House Tremere alwaysexemplified the worst traits ofthe
scholarly mind, from a lofty disdain forthe ordinary man
to a green-eyed loathing for colleagues whase achieve-
ments outshone their own. For most vampiric magi the
transformation has only intensified those flaws. Some,
regretting theit reversible error, fall into the depths of
self-hatred and lear to turn thei spite outwards. Others
take greedily to vampine existence, finding in the indul-
gence of cruelty a sense of power purer and more primal
than any they'd jained from the working of magic. As if
this were not enough to ensure that the high chantry
‘would become a cage full of ras battling one another for
dominance, the siege against Ceoris by enemy clans
makes each of these ferociously self-willed individuals
dependent on one another for survival — and for them
there is no condition more hateful chan being beholden.
toanother. Their accursed interdependence brings fur-
ther heat to thei festering grudges and jealousies.

VaMpIRIC FACTIONS

The two coherent factions at Ceoris are the con-
spirators and conservatives. Conspirators argue for the
immediate Embrace of all mortal Tremere. Conserva-
tives espouse a slow approach that ensures that no
individual istaken into the fold before her accepeance of
itiscertain. Thisdifference in straregy seems flimsy peg

‘on which to hang a deadly, centuries-old conflict, and
must be understood as a battle of personalities between,

two men who despise one another with undimmed
fervor. They ate, of course, Etrius and Goratrix.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

Errius heads the conservative faction at Ceoris, ashe
does within the clan asa whole. His most loyal factorum
‘shis castellan, Curaferrum, who makes of sycophancy a
personal creed.

The conspirators would rather be open and frank
about their wish to Embrace, but must use guile to get
around Etriu's power and Tremere' intendicts. The lead-

ing conspirator is Malgorzata, pooregé and dhitall of Guratrix.
She has sworn to keep his chantry ready for the inevitable
day when he will once again rule over it. She can count on
the absolute devotion of Jervais, the chantry's master of
sts. Through his access to that substance, Jervais enjoys
leverage over the chantry's mortal magi.

The rest of the Cainites occupying senior posts in-
clude Esoara the war master, Paul Cordwood the master of
pics, Epistatia the huntress, Celescyn the librarian and
Mendacamina the torturer. They obey Etrius's orders
(which are generally conveyed by Curaferrum) without
considering themselves members ofthe conservative fac-
tion. They follow Btrius because he is Cooris'scurrent lord.
They would likely obey his successor just as readily. Most
safeguard their futures by occasionally siding with
Malgorzata, justin case she topples Etrius. Only Celesryn
is frankly more interested in his own research (leaning
Trimisce secrets) than in contending against fellow
‘Tremere. The rest determinedly encroach onone another's
responsibilities, saboage experiments and attempt tosub-
‘om others' apprentices. For most, chantry politics is a

<qecionof echieving perry butpolnted vengeance spine
most

whichever colleague recently offended them.

FAiwonc THE Maat

Many of the mortal magi especially visitor from other
chantries, join in the internal rivalries without knowing
they intrigue with or against vampires. For example, the
deceptively clever Bitiurges recently joined with
Merdlacamina to tur a would-be protégé of Curaferrum
‘against him. He was pleased to eam a future favor from the
fearsome Mendacamina and acted without knowing that
the chantry interrogator went on to Embeace the apprest
tice, whom Curaferrum had earmarked as his own.

A relatively new faction among the mortal magi,
unique to Ceoris is that of the Christian sorcerers. They
take their lead from Tosia, a venerable mage who redis-
covered her religious faith after a humiliation at the
hhands of Tremere. At her now-destroyed chantry of
Umor Mons, she surrounded herself with like-minded
magi. The younger members of her faction increasingly
worry about her fitness to lead them, and turn quietly to
her former apprentice, the cursed but vigorous Omnifer.
‘The Christian magi know that something is hideously
awry at Ceoris, and, in secret conclaves, point to Etrius
as its author. However, they think thar he leads a cabal
‘of diabolists and do not suspect vampirism.


VistTorS

Despite Ceoris's reputation as an impregnable for-
tress, Erius is in fact strongly motivated to open its gates
touseful outsiders. He is especially concemed with culti-
vating possible allies within other clans. Goratrix, he
knows, is doing the same, and he does not want to see his
faction eclipsed through his rivals superioe diplomacy.

ExpENDABLE ENvoys

High-ranking Cainires ftom other clans are reluc
tant to enter Ceoris themselves (the Usurpers' magics
acest ll-understood), but send their more expendable
inferiors as permanent or temporary envoys. Some send
trusted agents, but others select fledglings, too-ambi
\dousrivals and violators of clan discipline. Sometimes a
Cainite who wishes to indirectly dispose of an inferior
assigns him to Ceoris, knowing thar the chances of his
‘meeting his Final Death there are excellent. In extreme
cases, the envoy arrives complete with a letter transfer-
ring his feudal allegiance to the Tremere, who are only
oo happy to exploit pledges of unconditional loyalty.

Vulnerable and uneasy envoyscan find common inter
cstsand may even coalesce into an informal coterie within
the chantry. One recent group of envoys inched a French,
knight from the Ventrue cian, an Italian Lasombra exiled
byhishostil sire and a Cappadocian researcher seeking to
extend her knowledge of death magic. The group disap-
peared during a trek north to the hold of Tzimisce overlord
foun. Curaferrum recently sent out brace of letters casting
for a new set of envoys to replace them.

Maat or OrHer Houses

Although visiting vampires are coveted, Etrius dis-
ccourages the arrival of magi from other hermetic houses
asmuch as possible, fearful that they might uncover the
conspiracy. For theie part, most non: Tremere magi pre
fer to avoid Ceoris. When business must take them to a

Tremere chantry, they prefer a less forbidding one, such.

as sleepy Lic in England or the sunny villas of
Perugia (both described in Chapter Seven).

Still, the occasional mage concludes that research de-
mands that rooting through Ceors' famous library. Tosia
takes care to warmly receive such visitors and to see to thei
nicedsas guests. Those she deems trustworthy may be permit
ted to share in her suspicions of Errius and his followers

THE DAMNED

TREMERE CAINITES
CrvestyN, Master Liprart

Background: Celestyn began his joumey through a
world of curiosities in 971. Under the name of Calor, he
was born near London to an eccentric lord's seneschal.
‘The connection permitred him an aristocratic education.
His love of laaming encompassed all fields of knowledg

including the occult. Calnor's attentive ears picked up
tumors of nearby magi; these led him toa chantry near the
boundaries of his lon!'s holdings. He marched right up to
their doorway and asked tobe apprenticed. Unable to tum
down the silver-tongued lad or deny his thirst for esoteric
knowledge, a mage named Pesigno took him in an gave
him the name Celestyn in recognition of his interest in
celestial bodies. Celestyn progressed rapidly and, by 995,
‘was engaged in a peripatetic existence, traveling through
Europe in search of ancient relics, lost books, and near-
forgocten myths. In 999, Ecrus, hearing of Celestyn's skill
inmanaging the London library, summoned him to Coors.
The magi, about to embark on their quest to find an
alternative to hermetic immortality philters, had amassed
a vast but completely unorganized trove of texts from the
other Tremere libraries. Etrius ordered ( LYN 10 its
semble it into an approachable whole. Celestyn joined in
the research and also impressed his masters with his beave
(or mad) forays into Timisce-held districts in search of
information. Etrius Embraced him in 1038.
usually open for a Tremere, Celestyn
looking for allies in his quest for knowledge. He may
meet up with clan outsiders during his exploits and then,
invite them to become guests at Cooris.
Image: Celestyn presents the same hearty fi

ance he daplayed when Embraced. His hairs dat and
blond, his eyes brown. His features are friendly if not
devastatingly handsome. In Ceoris, he wears scholarly


well cared for and even allt ostentatious.
opts simple, ragged cloching that allows him

ough ruins or make hasty escapes.
Roleplaying Hint decide what excices
you more: finding an luminating passage
buried ina dusty old textor fighting offscreaming wolfmen
from an ancient mound you've just excavated.
nite transformation does not particularly burden
you it gave you the chance to explore vampiric lore and
will allow you to survive for centuries of exploration and
scholanhip. Your current inquires take you into the heart
of Teimisce territory. Learning their secrets has become
your chief obyession, one which you hope will lead to the
war'send. Perhaps if there are no longer enemies at Ceoris"
gate, the slide into madness you see all around you will
reverse itself. The only thing that utterly bores you is
chantry politics, which you sce as an utter waste of time.
Seerets: Celestyn has concealed from the others the
» which his adventures have brought him into
contact with Cainites of other clans. He doesn't want to
be thought c a possible traitor. Nor does he wish to be
d to squeeze secrets of Cainite wars and politics from
partners in scholarship. The French Gangrel Aristotle

Myca Vykos (ce Constantinople by Night), a dire foe.

Influence: Celestyn is valued and liked by both fac-

tons within Coors, fl tried tomediate between them, or

olve himself in their affairs, he'dsoon lose this searus. His

recent inquiries (and battles) against the Tzimisce are
ng h eputa ‘even outside the clan.

yes assume he's been slain by the
nisce. Infact, he haschosen toexplore the esoteric secrets

# other lands in pursuit of lore conceming Gehenna. He

resurfaces in the late 20th century,

tn the Chinese art of geomancy, which he hopes to use to

influence the events leading up to Gehenna (as detailed in

Transylvania Chronicles IV: The Dragon Ascendant).

Jeneration: 6th
Embrace: 1039
Apparent Age:

Physical: Strengt

ate 20s
3, Dexterity 4, Starmina 4
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Intelligence 5, Wies 4
# Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
ny 3, Subterfuge 1

nimal Ken 1, Archery 1, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 2,
Mele 3, Ride

Cartography

1, Hearth Wisdom 3, History 3, Investiga-

HOUSE OF TREMERE

ton 3, Law 1, Linguistics (Arabic, French, Greek, Hun-
garian) 4, Navigation 2, Occult 3, Science 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominy
ude 1, Thaumaturgy 4
Thaumaturgic Paths: Rego Aquam 2, Rego Motus 3,
Rego Vitae I
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 2, Resources 2,
Retainers 1, Statue 3 (among Tremere)
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 7
Willpower: 7
Paut Corpwoop, MAsTER OF Spi
Background: Paul Condwood grew up as Harald the
Thin, the youngest and scrawniest of five brothers. H
father was a notorious thane whe
Bloodaxe, Nose occupier of 10th century Yorkshire. His
brothers sharpened their martial valor by abusing Harald
swith both tongue and fist. Herald learned to make himself
small, to avoid the notice of others. He spent much of his
‘ime wandering the forests in the company of an uncle
thought to be slow. The uncle harbored secrets. He
initiated the young man into the secrets of folk magic
(which Harald liked) and those of the flesh (which he did
not). Used to being put upon by those bigger than himself,
hehidhis loachingfor the man who abused him. The uncle
introduced him to other magicians who made his modest
scryings pale by comparison. These were the Dicdne,

e 1, Forti


house of nature magick. They recognized uslent, and
inducted Herald into their ranks. To show his disdain for
his kinfolk, he changed his name to Paul Cordwood.

Even among his new asociates, he enjoyed lesser
status. The women he longed for treated him as a
talented pet. The men ordered him about. Hispowerhad
frown buthe was arounded by other eatethan
himself, who saw him as little more than a lackey.

In 1003, Eptstatia, a mage from another tradition,
‘came to live among the Diedne. They didn like or trust
her, but needed her to assist in some great ritual Paul
wasn't privy to. The young magus liked Epistatia, who
treated him with respect and even asked his opinions
about things. Epistatia asked him all about the Diedne:
who was cruel, who was ust, who was clever, and who was
foolish. Paul eagerly shared the secrets he'd eamed while
muking himself an unobtrusive observer. Little did he
know that Epistatia would use this information to touch
off a witch-war that ultimately destroyed the Diedne.

Epistatia took Cordwood with her, indueting him
into House Tremere. Cordwood became a minor figure
within the house, more interested in his research than
the intrigues that occupied Tremere and the Inner
‘Council. His main interest became the projection of che
astral consciousness from tie pliysical form. His fellow
‘magi came (o think of him as a harmless, even slightly
absurd fellow who could always be relied upon for an-
swers toesoteric questions. Some of them openly mocked
him, but compared to what he'd endured in the past, this
scarcely registered to him as mistreatment.

Hecame to Ceoris in 1004, Both Etrius and Goratrix
saw him as a neutral non-entity who might aid more
influential magi in their research as he puttered away in
his own lab, As the magi sought a means of bolstering
their failing arts, he fruitlesly investigated soul migra-
tion as a means of harvesting a more potent equivalent
of vis from other celestial spheres.

In 1023, he became one of the first Tremere outside
the InnerCouncil tobe Embraced. Again, neither Etrius
nor Goratrix could think of sufficient reason todiscount
him when his name was mooted. When approached by
Tremere, Cordwood agreed, with some trepidation, to
enter the fold. His inquiries into astral travel had stalled.
Pethaps a perpetual existence on the threshold between
life and death might bring him new illumination.

The transformation changed him more than he'd
anticipated. The physical power of the blood, the raging
hhungers of the Beast, all these brought him a fire he had
fever known. He abandoned his habioual slouch, and
walked with the deadly grace of born predator. Colleagues
uununeare of the Cainite could nothelp bucsense
the change; he exuded aquality of menace that forced them
twopay him heed. He began to speak up at council, swatting
down foolish proposals by the mortal magi He parceled out
special contempt for those who wanted to send a peace

clegation co end the war with the night crearures. There
‘was only one thing to do with enemies: Exterminate them.
Over the following decades, his attention increas-

ingly tumed to the war against the Teimisce. He argued
thar the Tremere had no choice but learn mote about the
enemy. They would doso by infiltrating their camp. With
quiet confidence that surprised both Goratrix and Etrius,

took control ofthe effort and remains Ceoris
moter of spies w thisdary. Alchough willing w exphuin hts
cffortsto Tremere or Etris, he pursues his mission without
supervision or second-guessing. As he builds his network

hischilderare quickly found out and slain by the
he'd have long ago single-handedly exceeded the in
capacity to support Cainites.

(Condwood b always looking for new recruits co join
hisnetwork of pies. He or his agents might contact other
Cainites to this end, drawing them to Ceors.

Image: Cordwood stands just over six feet tall, The
crown of his head ts bare; a silvery mane of hair remains.
Hiseyes are a steely blue, his cheekbones high and bony.
His shoulders are broad and his arms well-muscled. He
dresses in black; when outdoors, he wears a long, inky
‘tosh Uist acca co muve quietly abut of its own second

Roleplaying Hints: Before you became a vampire, you
were weak and stupid. Everyone was right to mistreat you
‘You enjoy your new sense of penonal power. Now it fels
good when you use your body. Although you no longer fel
the desire to possess women sexually, you like the fact that
youcan tum their heads. Nothing gives you greater pleasure
than knowing that other people feat you. You alsoenjoy the
challenge of infilrating Tsimisce havens. Your oll obses-
ssonsseemairy and useless compared tothisnew dangers
task upon which your fellows depend. Finally you have
become the man you always should have been.

Secrets: Only Cordwood knows the identities of
every Tremere spy in Transylvania. He also knows a
‘reat deal about the Tzimisce, Gangrel and Nosferatu,
much of which he holds back from his fellows. He hides
the full extent of his disrespect for the fussy, interfering
‘Curaferrum. One day he may need to eliminate the fool
His agents cll him that one of the
made a secret arrangement with the
days, he changes his guess as to who this might be.

Influence: His minions include halfadacen Cainites,
two dozen ghouls, and about sixty mortal operatives.
Pethaps a third of the mortals know the true nature of
their master and his enemies.

Destiny: Condwood extends his influence as the cen-
tures grind on, slowly taking the lead of all House Tremere
spying activities. He seemingly disappears from Ceoris in
the late 15th century, soon after many of chantry's Gar-
sgoyles break with the clan. The general consensusisthat he
‘skilled in the fighting othe ongoing Subtatstrugses, but


ry persist that he has either joined with Gorarrix's
royue Tremere or simply gone underground. Some believe
he stil leads Tremere spies from a secret chantry.
Clan: Tremere
Sire: Epistatia
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 7¢h
Embrace: 1023
arent Age: mid 30s
ical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Seamina 2
ma 3, Manipulacion 4, Appearance 3
exception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Al hletics 1, Beawl 1,
Dodge 1 p 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills ¢ clee 4, Ride 1, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 5, Linguistics
(English, Norse) 2, Medicine 1, Occult 5
Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 3, Thaumaturgy 5
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Creo Ignem 4, Perdo Magica 2,
Rego Tempestas 2, Rego Vitae 4, Way of Passage 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 5, Retainers 5, Status 3
(among Tremere)
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 2, Courage 3
Road: Devil 7
Willpower: 7

CaRAFERRUM, CASTELLAN

AND PYRAMID CLIMBER
Background:
the ranks of both
sued power within Ceoris
He wasboen near Minsk in 1098, as Yan, son of Symon,
His father wasa farmer, but his much olderbeother, Frantayk,

afertum isa telative newcomer to
J Cainites. With sterling
avering energy, he has p

had become an itinerant merchant.
throughout Eastem E
tion of them authentic)
hoeroe a future life am

brother traveled
ope selling holy relics (a small frac

wealthy noblemen. Viewing with
ng pigs and chickens, Yan decided to
n his brother's apparently glamorous fooesteps. As
their list of partons, they discovered that a certain

individuals interested in saint's bones and pieces
of the True Cross were also prepared to buy other exotic
items cockatrice eggs, unicom homs, and certain naturally-
pccurring crystals. After Franteyk died in 1125 at the hands
of the guardsmen of a client he'd cheated, Yan put aside
fakery and exploited his natural talent for locating items
imbued with whar his clients called i. In 1128, a client
traced information fora handful of Yan své-laden pears. The
client told him about a chantry in Transylvania, one tuled by
an honest mage- woman named Tenia. That chanery, Umor
Mons, would take all of the ets Yan could find, and would
rewand him hansomely fori. Yan went to Tosia's chantry,

hey b
umber

HOUSE OF TREMERE

By 1130, he'd convinced one of ts magi, lusta to accept him
as an apprentice. He dubbed himself Curaferrum.

Jn 1135, the Tsimisce overran Umor Mons. The suri
vors trekked to Ceons. There, the ambitious Curaferrum,
newly elevated asafullledged mage, abandoned lusta his
jpatron and began to cultivate the fiendship of Etnus. Etnus
‘had only recently been installed as Ceoris' helmsman, and
had few allies to rely on. Curafersm presumed to advise the
sometimes inattentive Etrus on the finer points of running
«a chantry. He found hitmself answering a series of subcly odd
«questions posed to him by the chantry lord over the course of
many months. Finally Enius, apparently satisfied by his

ver, broached the secret of the Tremere Cai
(Caraferrum swallowed hard when he leamed the truth, but,
seeing that it was the only path w further power within the
howe, chore immediately toast to the Embrace. Etius
selected as the fledighing's sire a now-mising thaumanunge
named Pervicax. He appointed Curaferrum castellan six
‘years Iter, in 1146, Malgorzata objected strenuously to the
appointment, but had no way of locking

In the five decades since, Curaferrum has become
increasingly insistent on his privileges as castellan and
somewhat Jess savvy in maintaining and expanding his
power. The conspirator faction flouts him as much ast can
without provoking Etrius to personally intervene. Tosia
regards him as a thoughtless climber and regrets having
allowed him through the gates of Umor Mons. Other mortal
‘magi see him as an arrogant newcomer elevated beyorud his
scanon. Mortal apprentices make him a figure of yest ping
his haughty demeanor and fussy devotion to petty rules. His
arrogance and unquenchable self-confidence prevent him


from seeing just how little his fellow residents af Ceoris
think of him, He'stoo cautious to conspire single-handedly
against his foes within the house; he'll only move against
Malgorzata and Jervais if Etrius o¢ Tremere sanction it.
He wants to establish himself as more than Ceoris's
<astellan, and hopes to prove his broader political scuity by
tracting a prestigious envoy from another clan to Ceoris.
Image: Curaferrum wears a humble brown robe like
Etrius's, but adorns it with jewels and fur trim. He adds:
an elaborate fur hat embroidered with mystical symbols.
Though still young-looking, he maintains a long, full
‘beard, meant to indicate his wisdom and stature.
Roleplaying Hints: Order is your watchword. You
believe in the pyramid of authority Tremere has decreed.
‘Your duty is to impose restraint on the unruly, willful

denizens of Ceoris, who would be lost without it. They
are tools who would be dead without your enforcement

of Etrius' wise policies. Someday they will all see what
youhave done for them, and will fall all over themselves

thanking you. Etrius is a most admirable master. You do
not care when you yourself are mocked, but become
furious when he isn't shown due respect. Or 40 you tell
yourself. You would never consider betraying Etrius or
Tremere; to do so would be gross hypocrisy

Secrets: A network of ghoul servants report to
Cunferum. Through them, he has learned a number of
inveresting things about the mortal magi. He knows thar
Tosia and the other Christian magt have been meeting
secretly and whispenng together with apprehensive looks on
theitfaces. Healsoknows that Btiunges keepsa letter ofsome
{kind hidden on his person, and is curious to scan its contents.

Influence: Curaferrum manages the night-by-night
activities of Ceons. In this capacity, he wields consider-
able influence. Yet he depends entirely on Etrius for his
owe. having failed co culevate inferior whose loyalty

longs to him alone.

Destiny: Curaferrum is removed as castellan in
1250, when Goratrix and Malgorzata frame him and one
of his apprentices. Accused of complicity in an incident
in which a Gangrel warrior not only penetrates Ceoris
but nearly gets into the chamber of Tremere himself,
‘Curaferrum spends halfadecade in the dungeons, under:
s0ing periodic torture. However, Ceoris falls into malaise
and confusion without him, and Tremere officially for-
gives his non-existent betrayal in 1255. Curaferrum
remains castellan until 1476, when Virstania leads her
beloved Gargoyles into hischamber. They pin him down
and she drinks his heart-blood asa final statement of her
disdain for the clan hierarchy. Aran of the Golden
Lane, former master of the small Prague chantry, takes
‘Curaferrum's place in aftermath of the Gargoyle revolt
Clan: Tremere
Sire: Pervicax
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1140
Apparent Age: late 50s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Socials Charisma 2, Manipulation 4, Appearance |
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Dodge 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfgge 3
Skills: Herbalism 4. Melee 1
Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics (Greek, Romanian)
2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 2, Science 2, Seneschul 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Thaumaturgy 4
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Path of Warding 4, Rego Magica
3, Rego Motus 2, Rego Tempestas 2
Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Retainers 5, Status 4
(among Tremere)
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Chivalry 6
Willpower: 7
Esoara, War Leaver oF Ceoris
Background: Escara was born in a village ourside
Bésrit in 1116. His mother was a fourteen-yearoll ripe
victim, the daughter of a miller. She died in cluklbieth ard
soars grandparents treated him as if he were somehow
responsible for their daughter's rape and death. They never
tired of curing the grim-visaged, ax-wielding mercenary
who one night burst into the mill and took their daughter
from them. This mysterious figure, his hair wild and his
armor blackened by fire, grew in young Esoar'simagina-
tion. He decided that Ihe would become i mercenary
\warrior, inorder toone day find and fight aloryside his fierce
father. As soon as he was old enough to lift
left home in search of wars to wage. He asked
if they'd seen his father. Each shnugged and yave him vague
clues that led him to wars even further afield. By 1137, he
was far from home and had become an experienced merce
nary. He fought with the Pisans at the sack of Amalfiin that
year. In 1144, he fought for Alfonso of Portugal, wh took
Lisbon from the Muslims. In 1160, he swung his ax for
Frederick Barbarossa, and helped to raze Milan
A few months later, in a Spanish 1,
heard a group of palsied and toothless men bo
their past evils. One man, the feeblest of the |
each of hisrapes. Among them, described inu
able detail, was the attack on Esoara's mother.
man was shocked. This was no mighty horse
infernal, black steed. Even in his prime, he would
hhave been such. By the man's accounts, he'd been i
cowardly and opportunistic looter, bandit, and scaven-
ger. Esoara thought about killing the
disappointing him, but couldn't bring himself t
that. He resolved to return home.
‘His route back to Transylvania took him into the
thick ofa midnight battle between strange, bloody faced.


(ES

( IL
= E:
> F<
> ZF
PN |
of them attacked him, assuming him an
fended himself, and, without realizing he
lied the beleaguered forces of the other
a reared back on his horse, about to
mounted foe, lightning flashed. He caught
ventary glimpse of himself reflected in a muddy
He had become the terrible figure he had always
|when he thought of his father. He struck off the
ul and held his ax high, bellowing in a mixture
nd exultation.
ite leading the Tremere forces, for whom

xara had unknowingly battled, had been slain before his
arival. The now-ranking leader of the Tremere party, one of
Curaferrum's ghouls, thanked Esoara and told him that his
inasters would surely reward him with a position. Reckoning
that fate had broughe him to this pass, Escara agreed. He

the troops back to Ceoris, where he met with the
castellan and was made a sergeant. He quickly proved his
initiative and skill. Curaferrum made him a ghoul half year
later, and gifted him with the Embrace in 1167.

As captain of the guards, Esoara has made himself an
indispensable element of Ceoris' defense. He brings first-
hand experience of war-making to a group dominated by
tnysticsandacademics. Although loyal toCuraferrum and
Etrius, he hus begun to chafe atthe limited role he enjoys

Coors. He wants to personally Embrace more warriors,
‘and wage an all-out assault against Tzimisce strongholds

HOUSE OF TREMERE

To Esoaras mind, his masters see the war as an intermit-
tencnuisance worth bothering about only when it reaches
their gates. He knows that the way to deal with.
tata destroy him utteely, and to take the

im. Jervais has taken to spending time in Eso
cence, listening to these complaints. Esoara s suspic
the man, but hopes to use the threat of his conspiracy to
prod his masters inte more decisive action

Image: Esoara isa gigantic man with bear-like shout:

ders and a massive, curled mop of greasy black hair. A

weedy, gnarled beard spider-webs its way across his jaw
and cavers hie neck A great throbbing vein ce

hisforehead, pointing this beak-like nose. His dark eyes
sic in his skull like coals. He wears heavy armor, his
breastplate embossed with an elaborate design of asrake
‘weaving its way through a human skull and ri
caries hismassiveax with him everywhere he goes often
seeming to forget that he even holds it

Roleplaying Hints: Brooding on the past impairs a

man'sconfudence. You are not one tolament the path you
haveraken or consider the ironies of your life. Fate brought
you to Ceoris and made you a vampire. Fate is noc a thing
tobe trifled with. It made you into a mighty warrior. You
‘were made to fight and to lead men. This is what your doe
inbortle you fulfil your destiny. Your only problem s your
‘masters inability to sce what must be done to defeat theit
enemies. You will do what you must to convince them.
Then you will show them what a true warrior can do.

Secrets: Esoara was quite taken with Meerlinda,
Inner Council member and head of the London chantry,
when he first met her. She flattered him by seeking his
counsel on military matters. Soon he found himself agree-
ing to keep an eye on Etrius for her and to report any signs
that he might be moving against Goratrix without
‘Tremere's approval. She presented the proposition to him
4 that it didn't seem that it would be the least bit disloyal
cofhim to cooperate. Afterall, she has Etrius' best interests
at heart and seeks only to protect him from himself
Meetlinda gave Esoaraa silver sea-shel into which he ean
whisper any revelations he might care to share with hee.

Influence: Esoara runs Ceoris's military opera
but takes litle interest in its polities. He answers to
Curaferrum now, but would switch loyalties to another
duly appointed castellan without so much as a grunt of
disapproval. The castellan has not renewed the blood
‘oath berween them and it has faded to a respect of the
penition rather than the man.

Destiny: Esoara becomes overall military adviser for
the Tremere during their battle against the hermetic magi,
which commences in a few years. Although he often
leaves Ceoris to oversee sieges against rival chantries, it
remains his primary haunt. He fights valiantly when the
‘Gangoylesrebeland the Anarch Revolt sweeps the Cainite
world. He never becomes a thaumaturge, however, and


finds his starus slowly eroding. In 1720, he leaves the
Vienna chantry and joins Goratrix's Tremere antitribu.
Clan: Tremere

Embrace: 1167
Apparent Ages mid 40s
Physical: Strengeh 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Perception 3. Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 2, Melee 3, Ride 3,
th 2,S

Knowledges: Investigation 1, Linguistics (Spanish,
French, Italian) 3, Seneschal 1

Disciplines: Auspex 1, Dominate 2, Fortitude
Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Retainers 3,
(among Tremere)

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage §
Road: Humanity 4

Willpowers 10

Eptsratia, (SGRPER HUNTRESS

Epistatia's ma
left her with only shadowy me
fact that scarcely troubles her. Sometimes peculiar i

otence 2
rue 2

ther in dreams, which might be drawn fr
thed memories. Perhaps she was a senator's

daughter during the late days of the Roman Empire. Or
pethapsan oracle tendingan ancient temple. Nomatter
She knows she has been a Tremere magician for a very
long time, which is all that matters to he
For as long as she can remember, she has been
sbsessed by the idea that weak souls can be temporarily
displaced from their bodies, which might then be operated
from a distance by a magician's superior mind. She thinks
she used to choose only criminals as subjects for
experiments. Unfortunately, rebels andoutlaws tended
fest strong, independent wills, which made their
icult to dislodge. About two hundred years ago,
she decided thar the interests of knowledge demanded her
wwe of weaker-willed peasants and other supposed inno-
cents of little value to God or man. Concealing her
machinations from the master of her chantry, she paid
ruffians to capture vietims for her experimental use. She
continued thishabitaftermovingtoEtrius' Viennachantry
in the mid-10th century. Her notes tell her that Etrius
discovered her activities in 990. He banished her from his
chantry; she went to Ceoris to seek Goratrix's protection.
Goratrix involved her in the war against the magi of
House Diedne, rewarding her success with peasants on

which to experiment. She bent her soul migration te
search towands the effort to counter the decline ineffective

‘magi. He was soon found strangled in his bed. The
suspected of the murder, no proof was ever broush
her. Goratrix thwarted artempts to investigate further
demanding that she abandon her researches to assist him
iis. He made her assist him in casting his consciouseyes
out into astral space. Ie was during these experiments that
she contacted the two entities who taught C
parts of the ritual of transformation,

Epistatia did not enjoy sufficient rank in the he
warrant her participation in the ceremony of bec
Burt, immediately afterwards, she became the frst outside
the Inner Council to be Embraced when Goratrix blooded
her without Tremere's permission. Since she knew about
theritual, his only other choice would have been tomurdet
her, and she'd proven herself too useful for that. Epstatia
does nor remember objecting to her new cond

For several years, the Cainites of Ceoris feasted ind
<timinately. But soon they tealised why there we
‘vampires in the world victims became scarce when hunted
‘openly. Then the Tzimisce came han

colunteered to become mistress of the h

‘oxganizing raiding parties to capture lange numbers of victitn
imsingle hunts. They would then be bone back to Ceorisanad

kepe in chains, providing blood for the rest of thei lives

orsoshem


Sincebecomingmistresof the hunt, Epistariahascontin-
‘ve her inguities into sul migration. If in the course of her
hunts, she encounters vampires she thinks might be wseful to
Coors —or provide insights into the mechanicsof thesoul —
she might ving them tothe chantry, willingly o otherwise.
Image: Epistatia isa short, ungainly woman with a
Joughy, almost featureless face. Her nose is thie. and
ict. her evesslightly too far apart. and het mouth soft
«J unxifined. Long yellow-white hair dribbles from her
tical in long, uncombed skeins. She wears loose, formless
"reses of light brown fabric. Her features remain placid
and unperturbed even as she commits terible cruelties.
Roleplaying Hints: The only important thing is your
research. Anything done to further it is justified, Becoming
«vampire kept you alive in order to continue it, and may

yield important insights into the physical nature ofthe soul.
‘You take on the huntress's duties because they are neces-
sary. They keep you fed, and stop the ocher magi, who are
asatype jealous and interfering, rom disrupting your work.
The lives of the people you capture are scarcely worth,
thinking about. You must not form attachments to your
ves; loyal leads to entanglements. Keep them at a
distance, and always look to the strength of your pesition.
Secrets: Although Epistatia admits to a faulty
memory, he conceals the full extent ofher amnesia from
her fellows. Another factshe concealsis that she wasfirst
‘contacted by the entity Stars Beyond in 1007, five years
before the experiments that led to the becoming. Itcame
tw her while she was attempting to remove and contain
ured subject's soul, and offered her knowledge in
ite for her silence. It provided some new avenues
th, some of which were linked to the ancient
Tremere and Etrius hunted at the time.
Influence: Even with the departure of her patron,
Goratrix, Epistatia retains an unassilable position within
the chantry. The Cainites of Ceoris might enjoy the
$benefitsof theirnew existence, burdonot like todwellupon,
itscusts. They are grateful har Epistatiarelievesthem of the
vexation, danger, and distress that human-hunting entails,
he claimsdisinterestin the house's wider affairs, professing
‘neutrality in the stragele between conservatives and con
spirators. In fact, she often does covert favors for both sides
in onder to protect her position. In this, she emulates
Tremere's way of playingboth factionsagainst one another.
Destiny: Epistatia disappears in 1282, and is presumed
tohave been taken by the mortal magi, who are by that time
‘waging war against the Tremere. Infact, Epistatia has fully
succumbed to the effects of her amnesia and has forgotten
herentine existence asamember of the house. She wanders
from town to town, periodically settling down, adopting
various roles allowing her to maintain a night-time exist-
ence and feed without being noticed. In 1932, she becomes
the proprietor of a dusty five and dime store in Baltimore,
Maryland. She runs her convenience store to this day,

capturing the occasional homeless person or shoplifter to

feed upon. Occasionally, curious images of a terrible
mountainside castle appear in her dreams.
(Clan: Tremere
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Innovator
Generation: 6th
Embraces 1022
Apparent Age: carly 60s
Physicals Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Percepcion 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 2, Herbalism 1, Melee 4,
Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 3, Linguistics (Greek, Aramaic) 2,
Madicine 2, Occult 5, Politics 2, Science 2, Seneschal 1
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 4, Thaumaturgy 6
"Thaumanurgjcal Paths: Creo lgnem 3, Pendo Magica 2, Prey
‘on the Soul's Fear, Rego Elementum 2, Rego Motus2, Rego
Tempestas 3, Rego Vitae 5, Way of Passage 4
Backgrounds: Status 3 (among Tremere)
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 5
Road: Devil 6
Willpower: 7
Errius, Lorp oF Ceoris

4th generation, nominal childe of Tremere

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Conformist

Embrace: 1022

Apparent Age: carly 30s

Bom outside Gothenborg, Sweden in 850, Etrius was
the studious, withdrawn child of aroughhewn Viking who
became one of the first Christian converts in that land.
Etrius father served as protector and patron to Ansgar, the
German bishop who made the first official mission to
‘Sweden in 869. Ansgar made a great impression on the
malleable young Etrius, who found himself strongly drawn,
to Christian doctrine. Even from the beginning, his faith
‘was idiosyncratic: His foremost belief was in his own
essential holiness. As a saint in the making, he often
{forgave himself transgressions he would condemn in oth-
ers. Reasoning that the first step to canonization was to
don the robes of the cleric, he resolved to become a priest.
This would be a difficult task in the still-pagan Sweden.
His father sent him on a pilgrimage to Rome. Mere days
into their journey, the pilgrims were attacked by enemies
‘of Exrius' father. Etrius was taken as aslave, and eventually
sold in far-off Constantinople. Ecrius knew that it was all
part of God's great plan for him. His purchaser was
‘Tremere, who immediately saw in him both a raw talent
for magic and an aptitude for following orders. Tremere


made Etrius his apprentice, the first since the stinging
failure of his artempe to take over the Onder of Hermes.

Errius remained at Tremere's side long after he'd

proven himself asa mighty magus. Tremere tolerated his

in thetoric, occasionally needling him by re-
mindinghim of the Church's antagonism towards wizards
Etrius did not see fit to explain that the Lord had surely
wanted him to become a magus. Why else would He
have arranged Etrius' destiny as He had
Etrius' arrogance grew as he magically halted his own
aging and outlived his contemporaries. He put the idea of
‘mminent beatification out of his mind, having concluded
God hac! purpose for him greater than thae of a mere saint
By the mid-900s, he'd begun to act as if any action he
undertook by definition enjoyed God's sanction. In 962, he
reduced to dust an informer who sought to reveal a minor
Tremere plot rorival magi. He justified i by saying that ifthe
disciples had been willing to kill for him, Christ need never
have been crucified. Tremere smiled when he heard this.
‘When Ecrius first mec Gocatrix, while tll an apprentice,
therwo loathed one another on sight. Tremere had prepared
him todislie hispredecestor. Etriussaw in Gorarix all ofthe
evil he believed himself immune frona. Goratrix considered
him a hypocrite of Biblical proportions. The more skillfully
Goratrix pointed out the flaws in Exris' self-serving theol-
ogy. the more stubbornly Etrus ching tothem. Etrius, seeing
that Goratrix wished to eclipse Tremere, began to conceive
ey to his master as the greatest virtue of all
Etrius built the small Vienna chantry in 920, and was
bsent but nominal master uneil 1022. During his

tenure he quietly broke the tacit hermetic ban against
involvementin mortal political affair by helping German
king (and later Holy Roman Emperor) Otto the Great

inst the Magyar hordes at the Battle of Lechfeld in 955.
He did 20 as pare of hus program of cultivating contacts
within Austria's church and ruling classes. Although the
Magyaes were even in, 955 open to Chris
Etrius saw them as damnable pagans muc!
countrymen. Also during his Vienna years, Etrius met
Mendacamina, becoming entwined with her in,
end unrealised manual passion

In 980, he took second lead in Goratrix's ritual to
consecrate Cooris. He chose to place Goratrix's
member, humiliatingly, inside the mouth of the mage
Ponticulus, who had to be beheaded after ing «ritual:
error. Later, he questioned Goratrix's building methods,
‘and created the chasm that separates chantry from moun.
tain. Hespent emach time at Ceoris during fs early days, to
the constemation of his rival, Goratix. In 996, he uputged
Goratrix by defi vely proving that magic was diminish.
ing. The tho han compan! laapaly lec 8 Wer ©
counter the phenomenon. His zeal to win drove Etrius to
abandon his master's proscriptions against diabolism. He

attempted to duplicate the forms of devil-conyuniny magic
widens ac lly contacting demons His experiments went
disastrously awry in 1014, when he attracted a veritable
horde of devils(andmay even have opened adeoeway tothe
infernal spheres), forcing the abandonment of an entire
‘suite of laboratories to a demonic host. Goratrix over

hhim in 1022, working the magic thar tumed Trem

seven of his house, including both Etrius and Goratnix nto
vampires. Etnus was appalled, and dred voice concem for
his immortal soul. His fellows exchanged knowing

and Errius fell silent. (His moral objections hal no lon

ity. In later nights, with Goratrix gone and vampir
center of Tremere existence, Enrius would go so f

claim it was he who formulated the great ritual.)

In 1024, the ghost of Ponticulus appeared before Etrius,
warning him that Gormtrix had conspired with otherworldly
entities to bring about the ceremony of tna
Ponticulus urged Etrius to lead the other ritual p
to suicide, lest magic be destroyed throughout the world.
Errius had long expected Ponticulus' appearance and acted
to enslave the ghost, but failed. Ponticulus escaped and
went on to reveal the Tremere secret to the

Errius retumed to his struggle against Go
caution as they moved to Embrace new members. Thore
taken without consent could not be trusted, Etrius argued. He
obscured the strategic wisdon of this plan by couching his
objections in eligiousterms. As Tremere stood buck, the 19)
waged internecine wi ainst one another. In 1036, when
the sagt threatened to expune them all, Tremere steppes
inand used itasthe pretence tosubmit all seven of his
‘Council to the blood oath. Enrius saw this as a good result

Tremere took Etrius with him on his epic trek to
learn more about vampires and their ways. By 1126, the


(wo were actively tracking down and capturing
Methuselahs, s0 that the Council of Seven could then
join indiablerizing them. Etrius'pleasto exclude Goratrix

1133, Etrius assisted Tremere in finding and
Laying Saulot: Some long buried conscience told him
this was the gravest crime yet, that he should stop. Yet,
would help him if Etrius did not. He held down the
dormant ancient while Tremere drank its blood. Any
ts vanished when Tremere awarded him

ingering de
ix off to Paris.
Yetashe took thechantry'sreins, hesaw that Goratrix's
fonceswerestill in place. Especially vexing was Mal
ming childe of the exiled master who was insa

to this night

Jervats, HARVESTER OF Vis

Background: Jervas' father served as a scribe in the
bhoxsichokd of aminor French noble. Jervais was bom in 1070
anal cdhucted to follow his fther'scareet. His father's master
enjoyed ome exotic connections and in 1085, arranged for
Jervais t be placed as a scrivener in the Paris Tremere
chantry, The librarian there assigned him to copy various
texts Jervis found the occult manuscripts he copied difficult
but interesting. The magi there saw 2 spark of magical talent
in Jervais, though not enough to bother cultivating. Some
likes him andshowed him some kindness: most looked down
‘on him in the haughty way of lofty magicians.

In 1088, Malgorzata visited the Paris chanery with
Goratrix, Jervais swooned when he saw her, his knees
buckling ashe drank in her beaury and terrible authority. He
approached her and told her he would like nothing more
than toput himself fully at her disposal. Malgorzata, enjoying
hus servlity, saw in him what the others had not. Jervas dc
Jhavetalent, buritcoukdonlyblosomunderthehandofafirm
undtunytelingmaster. Malgorzata knew all aboue this atthe
time she was a ihoul of Goratrix. She took Jervais hack to
(Ceoris to become her apprentice. Jervais capeivation with
his new mises: gave him the necessary motivation to
advanced in the hermetic ars. Soon he proved his Parisian
employers wrong to have passed him over. He showed a
special talent for eerie cakeulations and made important
strides in techniques to uncover the magical substance
‘known sats. At the very time when this precious fuel" was
become nire, he found new stores. He also studied ways to

these delicate fruits, pearls and ocher forms oft. His

realy acces to supplies of the rapidly disappearing material
mace the other magi beholden to him —and, through him,
algorcata and Goratrix. In 1102, five years after her own
talgor=ita blooded him, with Goratnx'sagpeoval

A visiting Etrius gave Jervais personal reason to dislike him.
Enrius questioned Goratrix's decision to Embrace Jervais
because it hadn't been approved by Tremere. Although

HOUSE OF TREMERE

Jervais was present, Etrius woukln't acknowledge him or
address him directly Jervais still nurses this slight.

ince his Embrace, Jervais has continued to nose out

she doles it out t magi, he works to win
their confidence. His mistress allows her pleasure in
terrifying mortals to take free reign over her need to win
them to her side. Jervais presents the faction's friendlier
face. He hints to the untumed magi that there are secrets
which, when revealed, will show her to be a benevolent
authority with their cruc interests always uppermost in
‘mind. I is Etius, he explains, they should truly fear. His
inaction will doce them as magic slips out of the world
Jervais carefully gauges his listeners' reactions to his
suggestions. Magi who seem especially contemptuous of
Errius become candidates for the conspirators' Embrace
Image: Jervais,of medium height and build, quintsout
atthe workd with short-sighted eyes rsh head and
jaw are framed by a fringe of brown hair and a closely
trimmed beard. Although he will acquire an auracf menace
as the centuries wear on, he at present projects the slightly
inepe air of a kindly but put-upon man. This completely
belies his true nature as an accomplished political seduc
Roleplaying Hints: Although Malgorzata remains
your goddess (you are still her thrall), your years as a
Cainite have given you increased confidence. You now
know that there are certain things, like persuading
morral magi, thac you do better than she. This pleases
you, and gives you hope for the future. The biggest threat
to that future is Etrius, who opposed your Embrace after
the fact. It gives you great satisfaction to undermine hitn.


Your most fervent hope is that one day Malgorzata and
Goratrix will give you the chance to destroy him
Secrets: Jervais keeps some information in reserve,
even from Malgorzata. He knows of at least four caches of
8 within a day 1 of Ceoris, which he can mine
should some emergency require him to quickly bribe a
mortal magus. He also understands the ambitions and
fears ofthe mortal magi better than any other Cainite at
Coors. He even knows that Tosia and Omnifer suspect
Errius of diabolism, but has yet to share this fact wich
algorzata, He fears that his beloved mistress might act
rashly in encouraging Tosia; after all, if the Hermetic
(Onder discovers them, their inquisitorial wrath will spare
neither faction.
Influence: Jervaiss well-liked by the mortal magi and

has significant power over them because of is acces touts.
(He has ready access to the equivalent of about 40 stored
points and can harvest mote.) Ceors' Cainites regard him
as merely the dogsbody of his mistress, but Malgoreata
confideshim with important tasks beyond the harvesting of
Us. Several times he has traveled as her messenger to the
gary and Transylvania.
severely injured during
Gargoyle revolt and goes into torpor for many years
thereafter. In 1653, he resurfaces, apparently having
made his peace with Errius with the disappearance of his
regnant Malgorzata. He advances Tremere interests by
fi 5 linal Mazarin. He
| Death in 1931, set ablaze by Spanish
Republicans apparently acting at G 's behest.

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1102

exception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 1,

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 1, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 1,

Melee 2, Ride 2, St
Knowledges:

urvival 2
Occult (vis) 4, Politics 2,

Auspex 3, Thaumaturgy 5

‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Perdo Magica 4, Rego Aquam 3.

Rego Vitae 3, Way of the Levinbolt 3
ontacts 3, Mentor 2, Status 2 (among

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 3, Courage 3

Road: Devil 6

Willpower: 5

ground :
Malana, spent her early life
‘ecupiers who invaded Romania and stripped her fanily
its noble rank. Her parents might have retained their status
hhad they been willing to convert from Orthodex worshi
the Wester faith ofthe Magyars.
sixth child. would have enjoyed
the Magyars not invaded, Malgorzata's parents fostered in
heradcep sense of grievance. They taught her that her truc
destiny had been stolen from her, and that the priests of the
Catholic Church were part and parcel inthe theft
However, when her parents sold her to a cloaked
foreigner who carried himself with a sense of i
power, Malgorzata felt not betrayal but vindication. She
knew that this man. Goratrix. held the keys f
reclaim the status and authority her hapless paren
Jost. For his part, Goratrix saw power in the itl; her
magical potential was so great he could smell it scorch
the air around her. She learned quickly
Goratrix with her hungry demands for his
the age of thirteen, she was a full mage, S ined
her own name, het masters', and that of « local goddess
of evil magic to give herself the mage name o
When he became a Cainite in 10.
rot conceal his transformation from her. She be
his gift of immortality. Though Goratrix did not imme
diately give in to her fervent entreaties, he did risk
‘Tremere's wrath by making her his ghoul, violating
edict laid down by the elder sorcerer. Fo


Although the blood oath made hee unfailingly loyal

iting stoked her bitterness towards Tremere.

-ared to hate the founder's lickspittle, Etrius,

con whom Goratrix blamed his master's eautiousness in
Embracing magi outside the Council of Seven.

‘Three years later, Gorntrix sought her help in creating
the Gangoyes. She worked along Virstania and Epistatia,
butfoundthem toowilling to pursue scholarly tangents and
insufficiently aware ofthe immediate need forthe weapons
they worked to create. Malgorzata hectored them, ot times
even gently chiding Goratrix himself, so that they kept
theireyeson the true goal. She aksosupervised efforts totrap
Coors' false towers, using her fire magic to create an
cexplexive suprise foe any foe foolich enough to land there

Her masters 1133 exile to Paris enraged
‘eininding herof the way her parents were strippedoftheit
birthright, She wanted to gowith him, buche insisted she
stay in Croris a8 his emissary. Reluctantly agreeing, she
swore an oath to hasten the Embrace of the house's magi.
Goratrix has assured ber thar this is what Tremere really
‘wants, and that for her efforts she'll win Etrius' position as
chantry master. Her loyalty to Goratrix prevents her from
questioning the accuracy ofthis statement

Enrius's distance from the night-to-nighe affairs of Ceoris
pride Malgorata much space in which to woek. She teats
his castellin, Curafemum, with open contempe, obeying his
‘alictsonly when they suit her. Unforunately, her plan sf
fromamajor drawback: The magishe Embraces without prioe
warning often seom her and threaten to reveal the Cainite
conspincy to other mortals. Therimna must then capaure
them for conversion into Gargoyles The huntres makes her
Pleasure in this too obvious for Malgorzata's tastes,

Malgorzata takes a spectal interest in. any wayward
‘envoys who might come to Ceoris from other clans. She
attempts to draw them into her circle, hoping to thwart
Etriu' attempts to outshine her master's diplomatic efor.

Image: Malgorzata presents an image of cold and
commandinbeauty. Hereyesare the color of aclear and
wintry sky, Her deep brown hair is often decorated with
slittering gold jewelry set with gemstones. Within Ceoris,
she wears sumptuous magician's robes. On journeys, she
dresses as a Hungarian noblewoman,

Roleplaying Hints: Goratrixisyouronly equal. Tremere
{s a distant, capricious figure to be feared. Everyone ele
you've ever met, from your wretched parents to the weak
livered Etnus,safoo! tobe crushed hencath your feet. Power
isthe only goal worth pursuing, and others fearof youismore
intoxicating than any wine. Show your love for Gorutrix by
Embrcingasmanymagiasyoucan. When they are Cainites,
they will love you for the way you rue thee.

Secrets: Malgorzata is fully privy to Ceoris' secrets,
including those of Virstania's Gargoyle pens. She also
keeps a secret for Goratrix: He says he's found a way to

HOUSE OF TREMERE

greater power, which he will naturally share with her
when the time is right. She has taken to organizing her
‘own secret food raids, so that Etriuscan't use Curaferrum's
control of the chantry herd to starve hee faction into,

submnission. She keeps them imprisoned in a mountain
cave half a day's journey from Ceoris' gates.

Influence: Malgorzata evokes fear in mortal magi
and Cainice colleagues alike. Although other ambitious
vampires, like Therimna, Epistatia and Paul Cordwood,
sometimes subject her to verbal jabs or intrigue toembar-
rass her, none dare attack her outright. She has a staunch
ally in Jervais, and enjoys the support of Goratrix who,
while distant, can never be underestimated.

Destiny: After his departure from the clan's good
graces in 1314, Goratrix remains in occasional contact
with Malgorzata. She remains his eyes and ears in Ceoris
until the 1570s, when Trimisce anarchs capture her
during a raid on the now fading chantry. Taken prisoner
and tortured, she reveals all she knows about Ceoris
defenses and Tremere plans. Goratrix himself, now leader
of the Sabbat's Tremere antitribu finds her several tortur-
ous decades later. She looks to him for rescue, but he
turns his back on her and leaves her to linger. Quite
pewsihly, she lingers sill, deformed and forgorten.
Clan: Tremere
Sire: Goratrix
Nature: Tyrant
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 6ch
Embrace: 1097
Apparent Age: early 20s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Seamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3,
Dodge 1, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Gargoyle Ken 3, Herbalism 2, Melee 2,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics
(Greck) 1, Occult 4, Politics 3, Science 1, Seneschal |
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Po-
tence 2, Thaumaturgy 6
‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Creo Ignem 5, Perdo Magica 3,
Rego Vitae 4
Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Resources 1, Retainers 2,
Status 3 (among Tremere)

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 3
Road: Devil 6

Willpower: 7

MENDACAMINA, THE IRON MAIDEN

Background: Mendacamina was knownasSister Agnes
when, asa young resident of a convent outside Vienna, she
first discovered her interest in plant life. She built a lange
garden and began to collect varieties of healing, herbs.


Although some in the convent saw her interest as directing
her eyes away from God, the Mother Superior encouraged

ater Agnes' interests. Sister Agnes thought that this was
because the potions and poultices she made from her herbs
ened a number of ailments suffered by various sister. In
fact, the Mother Superior, once a worldly woman, was a
confidant of the magus Etrius, whom she considered a holy
man despite his ccult knowledge. ln 945, Etius heard her
exsiptiots of Sier Agnes and thought that the young
‘woman might possess magical talent. He arranged to sera
her copies of ancient books about plants and gardening. In
the margins he inscribed notes explaining their mystical
significance. Intrigued, Sister Ayes asked after her myste-
tious benefactor, The Abbess reluctantly allowed her to
‘exchange letters with Etrius,

This correspondence between two lonely believers
and scholars led wa bungeuniny love, exprescd in excla-
mations of religious fervor and excited botani
descriptions, A disapproving senioe sister found Agnes'
cache of letters, saw in them the emotions both writers
thud to recognise, and took them to the Mothes Supe-
riot, who tead the letters and expelled Agnes from the

e thought she would go to Etrius, which she

She also thought the two would admit their love for
‘one another and marry. They did not. Etrius torn by
shame for separating Agnes from God, suppressed his
Jonging for her. Agnes, certain that Etrius disapproved of
her hase and carnal impulses, dared not declare herself

Withnolivingkinfolk, Agnes had no way of support-
inghenelf. Erius found a motherly fellow magician a the

Vienna chantry to make Agnes her apprentice. Agnes
took the name Mendacamina, and pursued her fascina
tion with herbal magic. She and Etriuscircled

Over the decades, their andor seemed to cool.
However, as the century turned, Ecrius found him:
self spending much of his time at Ceoris, desp
nominal leadership of the Vienna chantry. Emboldenes!
by distance, Mendacamina once mote began to corre
spond with him. The passion between them blossomed
again. In 1022, they met in Vienna and nearly consum:
mated their love, drawing back at the last moment. Etrius
promised her that they would marry first. Then he we
to Ceoris, to participate in a cen ritual.
Mendacamina received a letter from Etrius, saying that
hecoukdnot marry her. He would not explain why. She went
to Ceoris to confront hirn. She wept as he tured avy from
her. She sensed that something had gone hideously awry
duringthe ritual. She continued toseck hiscompany. Finally
a year later, he relented. He took her into and
Embraced her. When she rose from death, her feelings for
Ecrius had been destroyed. Hate consumed her as she re:
thc he had slain her capacity for trac love. She became the
bitterest and most vicious of Ceoris' Cainites. She spumed
Exrus. She joined with Goratnx, helping him in hisettorts
kill the manshe'donce loved. When Tremere forced Goratrix
and the other councilor into blood oath, Gratis fou
difficult to convince her to give up her quest for ven
‘Seeing that the time to strike had passed, but reckoning that
it would one day come again, Mendacamina promised tostay
her hand. She made Goratrix suffer first, though, rubbing in
the full irony of his having to plead for Btrius's life.
Gorattix soured on her as an ally but could not deny
the power of her inexhaustible wrath. In 1042, he made
her the mistress of Ceoris' dungeons, and chief interro-
‘gator of its prisoners. When Goratrix was sent to France
in 1133, she retained her post. To this ay, Etvusis afraid
to speak th her alone. Alth bled by the
capricious violence she occasionally wreaks against ser-
its who displease her, he
in concealing her crimes f
Mendacamina wants allies to aid her in her pursuit
of vengeance against Etrius but has yet to find any she
can completely trust. She might befriend junior visitors
to Ceoris and we them to further hy out
apprising them of her true motives
Image: Mendac: 's skin glows with a radiance
that belies the dark fury at play behind her olive eyes. Her
face is shaped like a perfect teardrop. She dreses all in
white, in a gown cut to remind the viewer of a nun'
Roleplaying Hints: The penon you
trayed and damned you. Now you see Etrius in all of his
hypocrisy. He loved neither younor Gad, only hin ¥
will have your vengeance against him, But that me
‘waiting, biding your time, pretending that you have


other reason for living, You pose as just another lore
bscwal, scheming magus. Youpretend that youcare about
and the tke of the wat.
keep the object of your hatred
you kill an annoying servant or
J-hot pol prisoner'syielding flesh, you see

J features in place of your victim's
Secrets: Only Goratrix knows how hard she tried to
Lill Etrius. Noone knows that she merely bides her time

before trying it again

Influence: Through her skilled interrogations,
Mendacamina has proven her wefulness to the other
Cainites. Even though she has no trve allies in the
chantry, she's o patently vengeful and fuelled by hatred
that they're all afraid to cross her. She has developed a
tant fascination for the former Setite, Douud the
opt. Its not love, she tells herself, for het capacity for
that emotion has forever been eradicated. Still, perhaps
after many years of careful observation, he might prove

himself trustworthy enough to hecome a friend.
Destiny: Tremere makes her head of the Vienna
chantry in 1232, when her predecessor is slain by the
Order of Hermes. Mendacamina accepts the mortal

a substitute and becomes

terrible pursver. In 1240, she t

hee ment
igns her post to purtue

asolitary huntress. She takes special pleasure in
destroying those who cloak themselv
purity, In 1284, she unexpectedly e

in a mantle of

ounters Etrius in

1¢ Beauvais Cathedral. She tries to kill him, and their

battle brings the structure crashing down around them.
cs, but she is destroyed.

eres 5, Dag 5, Intimidation 5,
‘Skills: Animal Ken 2, Herbs Melee 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 3, Thaumaturgy 6
‘Thaumatungcal Paths: Ceeo Ignem 3, Path of Wading 2,
Prey on the Soul's Fear 5, Rego Motus 3, Rego Tempestas 2,
Rego Vitae $
Backgrounds 2 (among Tremere)
Zonviction 5, Instinct 3, Courage 3
Devil 7

Willpower: 10

HOUSE OF TREMER!

THERIMNA, THE EXECUTION

Background: Therimna, born in F
never expected to become a sorceress, let al
pire. She did whac was necessary to survi

ether brought her to her present state. She

doesnot know what the next centuries will bring, but she
is certain that she will survive them

Tec name was icne, and she started life asthe daughter
of aprostitute. Alchough she did noe wish to be groped and
pawed as her mother had been, she was given lithe choice

fn the matter. A retainer at the court of Flanders' rule,
Baldwin Il, purchased her virginity when she was 12
"Though young, Irene saw an opportunity and inveigls het
way into his heart. She induced him to establish her as a

luxurious mano, attended by servants. By

achday, she had bedded many of Flanders'
clite, and was well on the way to becoming a secret power
behind ic Then she happened to meet and bed

‘Goratrix, who washunting vésin the French province. [rene
cconmetly guewed that Goratets was an ancient magus, and
he correctly guessed that she would bean eagerand talented
apprentice. He took her with him when he left Flanders,
giving her the name Therimna,

By the time she'd hecome a full-fled
Therimna had also bedded Tremere to show Goratrix
she could easily switch patrons. Once she'd gained effec:
tive immorrality through hermetic magic, she curtailed
her sexual activities. however. She'd gotten what she
wanted out of sex and found a better way of making her


colleagues need her: She became the House's foremost
practitioner of alchemy. She traveled from chantry to
chantry chroughoutthe I0th century, honingher know!-
edge. When Ceoris was built, she set up a laboratory
there, and has rarely ventured beyond its walls since.
When, in 996, Etrius demonstrated the imminent
decline of hermetic magic, Therimna was seized with fear
fo the first time in. many years. She worked without
surcease to find an alchemical means of maintaining her
youth but failed. In 1026, she began toage rapidly. By that
time, she'd guessed that something strange had happened
to Goratrix, Tremere, and others. They no longer seemed
‘concerned with the secrets of immortality. She con-
fronted her old lover, Goratrix, and begged that he share
whatever he'd found, She didn't like the way he reveled in
her weakness; notsince she'd been acourtesan in Flanders
had he mustered this degree of puwer over her. After
making hersuffer and grovel, he told her that Ceoris could
scarcely do without it best alchemist and Embraced her.
Therimna felt relief, not hoor of guilt, upon her
transformation. Her survival seamed aesured, but when the
Taimisce war worsened, she realized that her continued
cgsrcs wo lin dvb Se word ee shone the
discovery of the vampire conspiracy by martal magi
bagon 0 lnop clon eye on ber crete colleges ot
CCeecs. Although she occasionally asisted Goratrx in his
power struggles against Errius early in the 11th century, she
dso with an eye tosecrecy. In 1042, she smotheredamoetal
aqprentice who'd saled Mendacamina andscen her fangs.
‘Aer she'd slain several others who'd proven too curious for
herliking, Goeatrix made official her position executioner.
‘Over the past 150 years, she's illed nearly wo dosen magi
andapprenticesforgetringmoclowe tothe truth. Theficst full
she dispatched was aherbolist named Nuntius, ance a
ttukent od her, He succumbed te lthal mers 109.
4iv1176,afteradvancesmade against the Tremere by the
Trimisce general loan, Therimna began to fret that the
Tremere cause might be doomed. Between the Order of
Hermes, the church and the various Cainite clans, the
enemies they faced were too strong. Itwas time ance again to
seritch patrons She subomed Nenu one of Paul Cordwood's
bescmortal spies, making him her ghoul. She sent him to the
‘Trimisce to open negotiations. In 1178, after the exchange
cfimany messes, Therma left Coons, supposedly bunting
an escaped apprentice. (She'd amanged for the innocent
felow's disappearance here, to shroud the tr nature of
ber journey.) She rendezvoused with loan and promised to
‘ct as his eyes and ears within Ceoris.Since then, she's sent
him hundreds of messages. She him only with
‘enough information to guarantee her safety if Coors is ever
overun. She pretends to have litte influence over, o
Inowledge of, chantry affairs. Whenever she can credibly do
4 she misleads him. When she does gift him, she makes her
fetrayals suit her own purposes. A decade ago, a mage
Embraced by Curaferrum intercepted one of her messages to

oan. This mage, called Gravis, began to blackmail her,
amending hat envio asm scheme i exchongy forbs
silence. he took a trip tothe Vienna chantry, she made
sure that loan knew the route and schedule of his caravan.

Justa few months ago, Paul Cordwood began to
suspect Therimna's role in the 1185 disappearance of his

man, Netu. In a gesture of retaliation, he killed h

untumed apprentice, Pugio. They then reached a tenta-
tive truce. convinced Cordwood that she'd slain
Neru because he'd been about to betray them to loan.
‘Therimna recently took on the role of envoy to the
‘Ventruc in Buda-Pest. (The previous diplomat, Contionan.
was captured and slain by the Tzimisce during a retum
joumey,) She makes semi-annual forays there to demand
supplies from ies prince, the Ventrue Vencel Rikand (see

‘Transylvania By Night,p.105).She also badgers Rikard wo
supply Ceoris with Cainite envoys, either from his own clan
cor from others who owe him favors. Etrius sent Therimna's
childe, Locus, to Rikand'scourt. A studious thaumaturge but
difident politician, he frequently reminds her of his desire
tw be replaced by a more suitable candixiate.

In terms of her magical research, Therimna has
found her vampiric condition tobe real boon, No longer
concemed with her own mortality, she has opened up
new avenues with her alchemy. I haumaturgic alchemy
(sce Dark Ages Companion, p. 92) is her creation,
assuring her further status within the clan.

Image: Therimna's hair is patchy and discolored
from dosens of chemical accidents suffered over the
years. The skin of her hands is perpetually raw and flaky.
She shows little concem for dress. Her robes are both
tatty from overuse and stained from the laboratory:

Roleplaying Hints: During the night, you are con-
fident in your manipulative prowess, and proud of the
way you've kept yourself alive for over three hundred
years. But when the baleful light of dawn comes and you
‘must creep into your cold bed, fear seizes you. You can
think only of the countless enemies arrayed against you,
of the threat of exposure, and of the fact that in joining
all sides, you've only made yourself mote alone.

‘Secrets: Aside from heralliance with loan, Therimna
‘now attempts to make herself useful to both the Lasornby
and Ventrue. She supplies information on Tremere pow
struggles to Giacomo Guicciandini, hinting that she may
require Lasombra protection if the Tzimisce destroy her
‘clan. She has also indicated to Prince Rikard of Buda-Pest
that she might be willing to alter her allegiance, given
sufficient motivation. Both men have been cautiously
receptive, knowing she'll be of greater use to them in
‘Ceoris than as a fugitive from Tremere vengeance.

‘Therimna's thaumaturgic research has also led her
in unique directions. Combining her alchemy as mastery
‘over Cainite blood, she has found ways to break the
blood oath that ties her to the Tremere pyramid. Her
secret alliances are a testament to her free will


Influence: Therimna isrespected, pethupseven feared,

provide hee with ample opportunity to move

and env

stsile the influence within it
Destiny: In 1527

rul's chambers by Paul C

a scrying eye placed

dwood shows Therimna
the Ventrue. He attempts
ast out by Rikard a decade later
evthatshesples

pears ber eps
in Buda-Pest but

Oth century, she
s, travelling from
asassin. Uta Kovacs
herself as an ancient outeast of the Tsimisce

name of Uta Kov
2 consultant an

Judge

Demeano

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Socials Charirma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3,
Skill Ken 1, Archery 2, Herbalism 1, Melee 2

Knowledges: Acad
(French, Flemish) 2,

+ 2, Investigation 4, Linguistics
Occult 5

Auspex 5, Dominate 5, Serpent

srgical Paths: Perdo Magica 4, Rego Elementum,
ea 4, Rego Vitae 5, Thaumaturgical Alchemy

Backgrounds: (
Virtues: Cony
Road: De
Willpower:

ntacts 4, Stacus 3 (
tion 3, Instinet 3, Ce

ng Tremere)

Virstania, MoTHEer OF GARGOYLES
childe

Demeanor: Innovator

Embrace: 1111

Apparent Age: mid-3

Virani was born in 1060, several hundred miles

1st of Ceoris, at House Tremere's Cephesis chantry

of Beunavog

w retainer of the Tremere; her
cook. Virstania has never
of Tremere

magi. She grew up speal

HOUSE OF TREME

peitude for mi
Iubara, at the age of
of esoteric prin:

toys. Virstania showed carly
apprenticed to the chantry's hea
ip please allowed her tnecliper alder
apprentices, whose envy she quickly earned. Rather than
ue
full mage. She earned this honor in 1080. Her ca
the chantry soon stagnated, however. The older magi
younger than many apprentices. She found it impossible
om the petty
So she decided to make
anions. She animated clay figures and hybrid
ding the oft-grucsome living results of her
her magi. By LIC
ricndless mage with a laboratory full of strange
Virstania clasped

bring of chantry politi

she was a

het favorite hybridized beast, a
head of a sturgeon, to ber bosom. However
in Ceoris, the thing escaped, slithering through

guardsmen' legs and finally causing fits of hysteria in the
serving girl's quarters. Goratrix entered their chamber

and cometed the thing,
He did not scold Virstania. Instead,
herripe for an undertaking: the

arrival

nly to have it die at his feet
nounced


allowed one of his allies, Brunavog,
TELL, Gorarrix then sent him away
tutelag

his side

Embrace her in
d took over her
himself. By the next year, he had her workin
on the project. Virvtania scarcely concemed
herself with the spiritual burdens of vampirism; instead,
she blossomed again, excited to finally enjoy the approba
vagus. She puther hybridization techniques
ind in 1121, helped Goratrix tocreate the first
3 bathed them in the same unwavering love

tion of afellow
tothetes
nantes
she'd given her freakish constructs back in Cephesis. They
responded to heras baby chicks to their mother, and theit
filial instincts made them easy to control
‘When Goratrix wasexiled to Partin 1133, Virstania
‘dost er only friend among man
urix returned her feelings of friendship
pen to doubt.) Virstania retreated to the lower cham-
ber, continu 7 to perfect het Gargoyle race.
She brings them into the world, assigns them to their
cs at their mourning ceremonies. She
ges them to think of hee as their Great Mother.
for the Gargoyles than her fellow Cainites. Her children
sill need the protection of Coors, she reasons, ana will for
many more yeaes to come. But someday they'll
independent race all their own, one that b
Caines must fear. Luma, the most ambitious of Virstania's
Gangoyle apprentices, has convinced her that both Esoar
and Paul Cordwood stand in the way ofthis hope and rust
te undermined if not eliminated. Although Virsania
henelf has no appetite for inf she has extended
ato watch the guard capeain and master
of spies in search of weaknestes to exploit

CAINITES GUESTS AND ALLUES
Dauup THe Corr

8th generation, childe of Umar

Clan: Followers of Set (rogue)

Demeanor: Innovator

Embrace: 902

Apparent Age: mid 40s

Daud was born in Fustat, Egypt, in 877. For centuries,
his family had been stalwarts of the Egypeian Coptic
Church. They led their communities and served various
Islamic dynasties as senior bureaucrats. Dawud, a stolid
macy. At the time, it was riddled with agents of a Setite
named Us who sought to crumble the regime from:

Umar liked ud's instinctive obedience and

made him his ghoul. His will dulled by the blood oath,
‘Dawud unthinkingly followed Umar's instructions formany
years. Finally, Umar Embraced him and began to instruct
him in the ws Unfortunately,
‘Umar met Final Death a few years later at the hands of a

permission to

Salubri warrior. The loss of his master left Dawud without
plans or volition. The worship of Set meant little to him,

was the dynamic, driven Umar he'd been glad to follow. He
ould not conjure up a plan for himself: he looked hack t
the days before he drank Umar's b

any hopes or dreams. Even before
cluded, he'd only been

but could not recall
is Embrace, he con
shadow of a man.

10 arouse his stillbe
local cults of Set in
d. Periodically he en
tokill them, toavens
him. He constdere
det to his flawed character. He continued to wander
through Egypt, sometimes joining mixed coteries, helping
them to find whatever it was they sought. From time te
time he thought he'd found « new mentor amonys them,
bbut in the end, they always disappointed hima, and he
moved on to yet another cycle of pointless experience
This changed in 1132, when, neat the small town of
Dara, he found himself again half-heartedly commundin,
a bandit gang who preyed 0
alerted him to the presence in Dara ofa pair of European
‘With the ai of an interpreter, they'd been se
mation on the god Set. [
of the men: Etrius. Alt
Cainite

ooking for somethi
sions. He foundes
villages, but inevitably grew be
countered Salubei, and did his be
‘Umar. But this abo felt empty

travelers. Dauud's cultists

ing infor
yud found and befriended one
ugh Etrius did not reveal hi
ature, Dauud understood what he was. More


iptivated by the ambition that
i could be his new Umar,

giving him strength and purpose! He wanted to thr
himself ae the man's feet and beg:
his composure. A man as great a
a spineless bootlick, Etrius was investigating something in
Dara, and would be back. Dawud his chance.
Etrius re over the next
Jecadles. Each time he paidacall on Dauad. In 1153, Daud
‘old Etrius he wasa Setite. Two years later, Etrius suggested
that he join the Tremere cause and relocate to Ceoris. Still
desperite to impeess Frrits ae a useful minion, Dauud
concealed the true extent of his inwand elation. Since then
he has added his knowledge of Sett

project of

nysteries to the grand
tic rituals to blood magic.

has yer to admit to Etrius. During his periodic attacks on
Egyptian Salubri, heslowly assembled collection of Salubri
Jociuments,elementsf which corresponded to things he'd
real in old Setite inscriptions. He did further research, and
was rewarded with a possible resting place of the Salubei
Antediluvian, Saulot. In 1128, his cultists at Dara infil
ted ace priests hunting Set's tomb, Dawu fed
them false information, pointing them instead tw Saulot.
He believes they in tur unwittingly led Tremere to the
Sulubei progenitor. Daud only realized the connection
between this stratagem and his beloved Etrius in 1153. He
husnot told Etriusabout this, because he hasrecently begun
to review the incidents which won him the documents in
question. In retrospect, too many coincidences bind them
together. Dauud now fears that some force greater than
himself — Set, surely — made a pawn of him.

Grcomo Guiccrarpin, Maeister Bi
10th generation, childe of Enrico Guicciandini
nbea

Demeanor: Survivor
Embrace: 1147
Apparent Age: early 20s
Gincomo Guicciandini's Lasombra fellows wouldblanch
3s. He began his life asthe son ofa rat
l-aroundne'et-do-well, Giacomo (then
bearingadfferentsumame followed in his father sfooesteps,
keeping himself barely clothed and fed on Naples" streets
Forced during ary spell to resoet to prostitution, be was one
day hired by one BeniaminoGuicciandin, sonofaprominent
fuanker with ties to Naples' republican government. He
contrived tomake the young man fal in love with himso that
the mightbe showered with costly gifts. A few years into their
relaonshy sno caughthim sporting wath
A violent argument followed. Enraged by Beniamino'sblows,
Giacomo killed hislover. He hai theserse toflee Naplesbut
wan nonetheless captured by agents of Beniamino's fa
who seemed peculiarly adepe at tracking his movements
Giacomo wastaken before Enrico Guicctandini, Beniamino's

HOUSE OF TREMERE

father. The towering, sel-pexsesied man seemed murder
custlyangry at int, but, ashe interrogated Giacomo, surveyed
the murderer with an increasingly wolfish eye.
Enrico, it transpired, was a vampire who had |
fpven upon the hope of introducing his f
son into the fold. This young, daring upstart on the other
hhand—hisactions showed true promise! Enrico demanded
that Giacomo present himself as a newly revealed bastard
son. His ghoul servants secretly nutored Giacomo in the
ways of the moneyed elite. After several years provirig
himself worthy of the privilege, Giacomo won Enrico'
Embrace. and then learned the ways of the Lasornba. He
sent his "new, true son" to Paris, for further study under the
wingof ahigher-ranking mento, R
of the powers behind Louis VII's throne. In. 1152, when
intermediaries of Goratrix approached Raymond © make
overtures of alliance, Giacomo was dispatched to the Pars
chantry to test the possibilities. He cleverly managed his
relationship with Goratrix, telling his fellow Lasombra that
the Tremere trusted only him. Otherwise, his duties ss
envoy to the Tremere would have been tured over to a
more senice Lasombea

ne the Lesser, one

Giacomo continues to trade on his Tremere connec:
‘dons tenhance his position within hisclan. He gets magical
smeaaresandsecres trom the Tremere, doling them out toh
sire's allies. In rerum, he filters tion on Cainite
politics to the Tremere, beh in Paris anal Ceoris. He spends
pethaps three months 1 year at Ceoris, wondering how to
ames the potential of blood magic and Gargoyle,

speed his own ascension through Magister ranks


Lately it has occurred to him thatitmightbeaclever
thing to help arrange for the installa
some low-ranking envoys from other clans
that he can se:

on in Ceoris of
provided
their tre loyalty beforehand

Marearer Vasa, GRAVEROBBER ENVOY
11th Generation, childe of Wechsel
Clan: Cappadocian

Embrace: 1145

Apparent Age: late teens

ret Vasa, a native of Hungary, merited the
ran after surviving « plague chat wiped out her
entire village. Walking amidst the pox-tidden corpses of

her friends and family, she soughe the ill humor that
‘would take her life too. It came in the desiccated form of
Wechsel, » Graverobber fascinated by
asked for death and he gave her

In the 50 years since, Margaret has grown into a prom:
isingscholarofthe clan. Wechsel sobsessions with pestilence
ise, he was a good teacher and prepared her well forthe
world. For herself, Margaret has taken her new existence in
serie, She was ready for painful death and has found immoe-
‘ality anda new world of possiblities instead. She has begun
study ofthe animation of corpses and the gombx creatures
empowered by some of her clan. She has heanl that the
Jalian Giovanni have much co teach her inthis regard

A decade ago, Wechsel announced to Margaret that
he had taught her all he could and sent her to find her

‘own course. She traveled to the temple at Erciyes, whe
the elder Constancia agreed to become her new teach
in exchange for service to the temple and clan, Margar
agreed without hesitation; the chance to study with so
learned a thanatologist as the matron of the clan's
greatest temple was impossible to pass up.

Constancia sent Margaret first to Paris to become

envoy to Goratrix and now to Ceoris itself. Her duty is ts

lear the secrets of the Usurpers and evaluate their
threat. The Clan of Death distrusts the newcomers, but
the potential of Thaumaturgy is great indeed. Margaret's
reports may well determine whether Constancia seeks an
alliance with Tremere in the nights to come.

Margatet spends about a third of her
now, assisting Paul Cordwood and Epistatia in their
experiments. She would like to help Virstania, but has
been barred by Curaferrum from detailed knowledge of
the Gargoyles.

Mortar Mace

Alppei.o, THE Hippen Darkness

Background: For generations, Appello's family has
sent one of its non-inheriting sons to join the Tremere
chantsy on Crete. The tradition began in the 9th cen:
tury, after Tremere saved the family's head, then a
humble fisherman, from a witch's curse. In 1130, the
fisherman's ranking descendant, now a well-heeled mer
chant, sent his second-youngest 10m, Philip, to become

me at Ceoris

magician. Philip wanted a position in the faruily trading

concern. Renamed Appello, he became an unruly ap
prentice who passed from master to master. His violent
temper and stubborn refusal to accept their authority
made him nearly impossible to train. The chantry mas
ter, Clementia, asked Tremere for permission to expe
Appello altogether, but was refused on the grounds that
breaking an ancient tradition could being bad fortune to
the chantry or to Tremere himself. A displeased
CClementia, with beatings and the occasional imprison
ment, worked to tamp down Appello'steraper. Eventually
Appello conceded that his spirit had been broken, and
settled down to his studies. He beca
if not extraordinary skill. However, his temper still
flashed from time to time, and Appello made himself
unpopular with each and every one of his Cretan cal
leagues. In 1190, perhaps out of pique, Clementia
contrived a justification for Appello's transfer to Ceort
Since then, he's continued to work on his personal
research endeavor — an obscure technique he
"measuring absence." No one else understands what he
means by this. Ceoris' magi and Cainites are united in
regarding him as a vexing eccentric who must be toler
ated for the sake of peace and quiet.

Image: The tall and muscular Appello looks youthful
despite his approaching dotage. A cleft parts the prom


nent chin of his han face. When perturbed, his

voice drops in register and develops a strangled quality
Roleplaying Hints: You didn't want to be a

They think you've forgotten what they did to you.

beating you black and blue, but you haven't

show them all. Because you're not soft

are, You can see what others can't. Once you've proven

your theory of Cosmic Absence, you'll destroy them all.
Secrets: Appello has been in contact witha celestial

entity which identifies itself as All-Root. It has been

providing him insight in exchange for cer

favors the import of which is lost on Appello. H.

asked to place a crow's skull behind a drop

pages of an ancient text and then transfer the dust and

ink to wcloth, Ichas warmed him to keep these commu:

nications secret, especially from Etrius and Curaferrurn.
Recently he was instructed to make a trip to Lion's

Gare, the Tremere chantry in the English town of

Durham. There he met the magus Erro, who had herself

been contacted by All-Root during a sojourn at Ceoris.

She identified All-Root as the demon Kopala and re:

vealed that she had been promulgating his worship in

England. She predicted a great destiny for Appello,

im that he would one d

theentire world, making it afitplac

of Kupala, Fornow, his duty would be to find ocher likely

cultists. Kupala now wanted to extend his reach beyond

the Tremere. He should look to new arrivals to Ceoris,

exan them for their suitability. He should with

chalk make a certain mark on the doors to their rooms,
smarking them for Kupala's touch.

Influence: Appello has little influence — yer.

Destiny: Appello remains at Ceoris until 1329, when
Tectusa, an especially rash member of the conspi
faction é 10 Embrace him. By this time,
Appello has already transformed into a demonic servitor
of Kupala's.alheit ene capahleof
form. The attempted Embrace stays Tectus
into corrosive slime, and reveals Appello's true
the others. He narrowly escapes from Ceoris and h
west to Eneland. He resurfaces as the abbot of
‘monastery, asa financier of exploration duning the Renais
sance and, in the early 2st cent najor stakeholder
in a number of top co
House: Trem
Actual Age: 82
Apparent Age: carly 30s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina
Social: Charisma ?, Manipulation 3, Appe:
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimid:
Skills: Archery 1, Herbalism 1, Melee 2, Ride 2
Knowledges: Academics ck, Hebrew)
2, Medicine 2, Occult 3
Paths: Creo Ignem 1, Infliction 3, Path of Warding 3,
Summoning 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1

uivalent of 15 Willpower points

Willpower: 5

BrriurGes, A Foo ror Au To SEE
Background: The strutting, foppish Bitiurges comes
of Tremere magi. He grew up in a chant
ge, and knows little of the
Jin abook. He changes
cj has lived in every
ther. He's als lived as

‘mundane world that he hasn't
havens every five y
Tremere chantry atone time of
guest in several c rival houses. This
makes him a splendid source of gossip, a pastime in which
he indulges with naughty delight. Although he plays the
fool and is uninterested in laborious research, he enjoys a
reputation for working magic skillfully

Image: Bitiurges wears omate tunics, colorful leg-
gings, and elaborate hats. He feels undressed unless he
has at least three feathers pinned to his tunic or sticking
‘out of his hae. He punctuates his small, round face with
a large moustache and small goatee

Roleplaying Hints: The wise man knows when to
play the fool. You know when to bla
know and when to hold your tongue. You know that
something is amiss at Ceoris, and you intend to lear

antries belony

Secrets: The shade of Ponticulus recently took
control of Biiurges's body long enough to dictate to him


adetailed missive detailing the history of Ceoris' vampiric

conspiracy. (Its text appears as Chapter One of this
sh

book.) Although Ponticulus meant him co take action
against Tremere and his allies, Bitiurges has drawn his
‘own conclusions. He keeps the letter on his person at all
times 40 it will not be discovered as he patiently awaits
his own opportunity to be Embraced.

Influence: Bitiungesexercises surprising influence: He
has guesed the secrets. of many Ceors residents. He knows
who despises whom, and, should someone take a dislike to
him, can covertly engineer a plot against his rival simply by
dropping disereet hints into the appropriat

Destiny: when the Order of Hermes discov
cers the Tremere secret, i is Bitiurges who brings ach
waming to Etrius. In exch
Embrace he has hoped for. In 1707 he apparently defects
to the antiibu, but by 1917 is bac! he Tremere
He apparently dies in 197 during an assault by West
German police on aterrorist hi
House: Tremere
Actual Age: 40
Apparent Age: 40
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Sta
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
erception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2 Alertness 2, Dodge 3,

Skills: Etiquette 1, Herbalism 1, Music 1, Ride I, Stealth 1

whishaven

Investigation 3, Linguistics
Usaritic) 4, Occult 4
Divination 2, Enchantment 3, Ephemera 5, Path
Varding 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3, Retainers |
Vis supply: equivalent of 17 Willpower points
Willpower: 7

Omnirer, THe STRONG

Background: On
son of an armorer. Under his given in:
fought in King Henry the Fowler's Sa
wesansigned tO KE
Saxony. That wo

fet was born in Swabia in 936, the
Reinhard, he
ww Army. In 956, he
Ja woman granted free passage through
n was Tosia, still sting
defection of Canalista, an apprentice she'd felt
tion for. Tosia resolved t0 fi
an to scheme against her, Brusque and naive
was taken with his charismatic change, sn cor
sed to hee h
ing tal
ed hitn a new life as her apprentice. He strug
with religious qualims throughout the journey, but contin
‘ued on with Tosia after reaching the king's border.
Though not udent. be showed penever
ance; he finally bec mage in 980 and adopted the
name Omnifer. He stayed by Tosia's side at the
Transylvas fons until its final de
struction in adus he experienced
a vision of the Virgin in the woods. She told him that she
‘was granting him a temble boon that would test his
strength. It would cause him bur would
allow him to know a truth
endured, he would be absolved of the sin of witchcraft
Before Ornnifer could ask any questions, the vision disap

i from the
at afte

dislike of the soldicr's life. She saw only

se but great fortharighitness in the your uit,

his shoulder. He can't feel th
fied portions, but the skin and musc
ate petp
bis body. Although the part of him that isa dispassionat
‘magus thinks that this may he a symptom of his unmortil:
ity magic slowly going awry, his faithful s
this is a velig

worked its way up
ectly abut.
ually inflamed and radiate pain through

tribulation

The pain iss
more than a few hours each
wandering the chantry hall
Having seen the nighttit
Tremere, Etrius, Cus
surely engaged in diabolic worship
truth the Blessed V

at as to prevent itm from sleepin
cht. He has taken ¢
when he cannot sleep
ferrum and pethaps others ar
ce. He has been

THOSE DAMNED AND SOON TO BE


‘Ommnifer told Tosia, who had suspicions of her own.
Texether they lead a group of mortal magi secretly con-
m of Ceoris. Tosia has warmed
them wstep carefully, Omniferhasswo
tdltficult no to share hisdarkest speculations with others,
‘w lighten the burden he labors under. His judgment is
clouded both by constant pain and the inability to sleep.
Image: Omnifer's rectangular, flat-planed face and
rong set features present an image of stony determina
io. Beadof sweat gither constantly on hisfurrowed brow.
hinting at the pain he so resolutely conceals. Excepe at
ceremonial occisions, he wears a soldiers simple off-duty
mitft. A dagger at his belt also suggests his sobdberly past.
Roleplaying Hint
know th

cemed with the might doi

You mustn't allow anyone to

extent of your suffering. You were raised as a

man, and men conceal their weaknesses. You worry that
ady co act, you mig

re. A worse fear is that

you'll fail the V and sutfer d a

Secrets: Anxious to bring the mystery of Ceoris to a

head Omnifer recently sent a message to the Archbishop
Vienna, achurch official k
ic Onder. Init, he strongly hints of diabolism

rw for his permissive view

oes not spell out his accusations.

out Omnifer, many ofthe mortal magi
would be afmaid to follow Tosia. They don's trust her to

make practical decisions or keep het head in a crisis

HOUSE OF TREMERE

(Omnnifer'sforthrightness, courage and military bearing calm
their fears. Although she is the senior mage ofthe group of
cconcemed mortals, tis Omnifer they tum to for guidance
Destinys In 1202, when the Hermetic Order casts out
Howse Tremere and brands them as anathema, Omnifer
helps many mortal magi, including Tosia, escape Coors'
Gargoyles. He makes his way north and joins a small cabal of
mortal Tremere mfigres who eventually take the name
House Liban. Several decades later, his health failing and his
curse of exsification creeping into his chest, he travels south
attempe to find Tosia. He falls before the Inquisition
instead and feedsapyrein France. (Formoreon Howse Liban,
sce Sorcerer, Revised Edition for Mage: The Ascension.)
Tremere
Actual Aj
Apparent Age: carly 50s
Physical: Serengch 5, Dexterity 1, S
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics ?, Reawl 2, Doclge 3,
Empathy 3, Leadership 4
: Herbalism 2, Melee 2, Ride 2, Stealth 2, Surv
Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 2, Lingu
(Norer, Arahic, Garlic, Burgundian, Frisian) §, Occult
5, Politics 3, Science 2
Paths: Creo Ignem 5, Enchantment 3, Perdo Magica 3,
Way of the Levinbolt 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Retainers 3
Vis supply: equivalent of 30 Willpower points
Willpower: 8

Tosta, Tue Hoty Moruer
Background: Bom over six hundred years ago into a
+ Tonia is the longest-serving
Tremere mage outside the circle of Cainites. In the early
days of the house, she stood alongside Goratrix as ane of
Tremere's closest advisors, and she helped him in his
attempe to take over the Onder of Hermes aftr its creation.
Tosia was taught by her skeptical parents to disbelieve
in gods of all kinds. They were merely representations of
+hurnan hopes and fears, her father told her. She brought this
actitude with her into her life as a mage. But in 869, she
experienced a religious conversion. While investigating
‘crypt near Jerusalem, she was seized by a vision. She saw the
‘dead Christ rise and ascend from the tomb. The more she
tried to forget the experience or dismiss it as the result of
malfunctioning magic, the moee it ook hold on her mind.
She wrestled with the significance of the vision for decades
before finally seeking outa priest and submitting to baptism,
Duringher yearsof piritualerisis,she distanced herself from
Tremere arid his schemes. Tosia didn't confront him; she
simply retreated into her research and made herself unavail-
able when he prosecuted his vendettas against various rival
magi. Although Christian magi weren't unknown in the
House, Tosia kept hee beliefs to herself for over thirty years


after her baptism, She quietly bil relationships with other
Christian Tremere. In 928, she supervised construction of
the chantry at Umor Mons, which harvested eis from a
smugical stream high in the Transylvanian Alps. She en-
couraged other devour Tremere to joan her there, and by
950 the majority of the house's Christians called it home.
Brus, too interested in curying favor with Tremere to
accept the almost monastic existence at Umor Mons mag,
1n 954, her apprentice, Canasta, betrayed her. Tosi
tad kepe an encoded journal of hee spintual reflections,
which included many unfavorable descriptions of
Treamese! over the centuries. Canalista stole the
journal, decoded it, and passed her noces along to tris.
He in turn gave ther co Tremere, who challenged Tosia
knew that Tremere, the

win. She declined the duel, losing the respect of her
Christian followers. Although she remained the chantry's
torular leader, its magi began to treat her asa figurehead,

» posting

costellan. Canalista
Etrius' Vienna chantry
ok Omniferasher apprentice. She'd
women before, but had now decided they
J. As the Ith century dawned, she'd
surrounded herself with a new, younger group of loyal
ists,andl wasagain in command at Umoe Mons. Then the
Trimisce attacks began. Three times she had to f

accepted a prestigi
1n956,T.

always raul
couldn'c be tru

chantry as enemies approached its g
screaming bat-men (that is, flesherafted Tsimisce war
ghouls) raced Umor Mons for good in 1176. Several of
Tesia's young allies died to permit her escape w Ceotis,
Tesia sensed the curse hargingg over Ceoris at once, but
for many years thoxght it the result of malign ser
the night creatures. Only in the list few year has the
insomniac Omnifer convinced her that Ceoris' evil lies
within. Neither saspectsa vampiric transformation; instead,
they have uncovered evidence of Etma failed researches at
the tum ofthe century and smell the grace of devil-worshiy
Tosia resists Omnifer's demands for a quick confrontation. I
"Tremere and Etrus are in a demons grip, their power might
be incalculable. She was humiliated by Tremere once before
anal knows the sethack she'll face if she lunges
misses. She wants to be sure of victory before she strike
Image: The si ost challenges Towa ts pride,
her appearance shows. She's kept herself youthful, not
Yyoungand nubile. Her warm, attractive fearuresare framed
by a wreath of golden hair. C

around her neck. As hermetic methods of immortality

become more difficult to work, Tosia must devote meres

jing time axed enengy

encountered at a time of anxiety oF preoccupation

may suddenty ay much older than is her nx
Roleplaying Hints: Christ expects much of you. It

her rituals of rejuvenation. If

mncrely to be virtuous; you must be successful

in smiting his enemies. All depends
embarrased
Christ among the Tremere is
fore act

monality. If Tre
fice your soul's purity in your

on you. If you are

be weak, then the cause of

amaged. You must ther
bounds of Christian

iously and within
re's power were fo tempt you f0 Sct
pt te brn
he would enjoy the greatest victory of all.
Secrets: Tosia has begun to see diabs
where. Etrius, whom she once thought pure, is
leader of some Satanic undertaking, Her clos
Omni al, still suffers fi

msific believe is derive

some mark on his soul. Magic, it seems,
unholy. Seeking guidance, Tosia has begun a correspyin
dence with some scholars within the Church.
Influence: Tosia is respec
holism at Ceoris
respect a batthe-sea
the fight. They trust her spiritual guidance, but
Omnifer for plans of action. Ceoris' Cainites inderestn
her as a threat, having disintsed he ave in Treme
affairs ever since her refusal of certémen against Tremete
Destiny: In. 1202, inv lar
from Tosi

ed old veteran who is 90 lonyge

part because
he Order discowers the truth ab

mn his House. Unfortunately for T
know abo

and declares w:

Tremere 9 the dectsion as soon a


rdf Omnifer. Knowing him to be devil-spawn,
ly sends him to the pyre

Actual Ages 630
Apparent Age: mid-50s

» 4, Perdo Magica 2, ¢

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Iniluence 3, Re-
iners 3

Vis supply: equivalent of 30 Willpower points

Willpower: 10

SERVANTS AND SLAVES

GHOULS
Hapa, Stewarp or C

mountain, He'dseen thetrservantscome totown. Dressed
tn tine clothes, well-fed, armed and assured, they were
everything he wanted tobe. He looked at his gra
ome after sickness came and took t

rest of his family from him. His grandfather, alo called
Hadu, was stooped and dirty. His cattle were dying. A

led around in his chest, sure to claim him soon.
Hadu loved his grandfather but did not want to end up as
the had. He wanted to be a mage-man's servant. The next
time the men from the castle came to le
the storehouse, he begged to join ¢h
pokedat hie, pi

packages in
They sgrufily
hiryghirn toseehow much mest he had
to inspect his gums. They

Vecks later, they came for hin,

co the terrible castle. There he trembled
na dark room until a forbidding old man entered
we him his orders. He would stare by swabbing

floors. he did well, perhaps one day he would get abetter

HOUSE OF TREMERE

task. The mean man listed the many nuleshe'dhave tolive
boy. Ie was easy for a servant to be killed here, he said

Had leamed the rules. In the eating hall, he sat
with the youngest of the other servants, He was ivot bud
looking, and founda serving girl who would tall whim.
Her name wasZuha, He came toloveher,andsoon they
were stealing time together. She told him one of the

ting witch-men had ordered her to clean out his
room. Then he'd made heedo other things. She'd found
some parchments he'd hidden under his wardrobe.
Hadu asked to see them. If the visitor was hiding the
Farchments, they had to he inceresting: Hadu took the

ers to the new castellan, Curaferrum. He said the
parchments weren't important, but that H,

0 bring them showed intelligence u
hoy. He made Hadi accistant 10

steward, an old, stooped man like his grandfather. Hadu
did his job well. One day the old steward was gone from
his bed. Hada didn't know why. He sought out
Curaferrum and argued that he could do all the thines
the vanished man had done had, faster and better
Curaferrum made him steward. But he also made him
rink apotion inan opaque flask. He warned Had that
he'd be changed. He would live forever, Curaferrum
promised. He would have to take three doses of the
philter, spaced out over as many nights

When Hadu drank the last dose, he fainted. When he
sawoke, he looked at himself in the mirror. He was old and


stooped, like the man before hum. "t had to make you look
old, so the others wouldn't be jealous," Curaferrum told
him. They'll think you infirm and stupid, and loosen their
tong our presence. You'll take what they say and
Hadu thought he should be angry, but wasn't. He
loved Curaferrum now, When Zuha saw him wrinkled
and rheumy-eyed, she cried, but Hadu cared not. He
that he might have to get nd of her.
Jhis ghouls to
cook. Other servants
fod told him the giel tas he. He'd feed her
his potion, too. Had fele jealous. He did't want Zu
re in this beautiful thing. But she did. She came to
a like a dried river bed and her breasts like
a cow's saggy teats. She told him she'd been pregnant
wih hi drank the potion. Now it woukd
not be born right, but it no longer seemed to matter.
Hadu thought upon this, and realized he did not are
either. Heasked Zuha how she knew it was.ason, and she
soil, "Recauce I feel him inside me, more than eve
Hadu shrugged. Something about it troubled him, b
he would not we for Curaferrun

g. He needed a new h

n, her

were other ghouls of

le He dda' like this. He
rid of them if he could do s without
disappointing the master he so loved. This all happene
over fifty years ago. No ane seems to have noticed that
Hades hasn't gotten ted, in the interim. Ne
‘one notices him. F apestries, the furniture, the
very stone from which Ceoris is carved: He is always
present but scarcely noticed,

Zana, Mistress oF rt KitcHENS
Ghoul of Cur
Natures Fas
Demeanor: Child
Actual Age: 60
Apparent Age: 60

serve as her mother
nbutioas
Hid She was pregnant with his child when Curafeum
male her hishoul, athe had dene with Hacks Zuha fongot
to love Haku and started loving Curaferrum instead. He
tmade her head of the kitchen staff
Fifty yearsafter her fins taste of Curaferrum's vi
supposed to happen when pregnant women become ghouls,
tut Ceoris isa place where strange things happen. Zuha
Jong agg grew inured to the discomfoct

obey Curaterrum's commands. She is especially vigilant

with newservants, who might be infiltrators from outside

GARGOYLES
Fipus, THe SurUNkEN Beast

10th generation Gargoyle
Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Loner
Manufacture: 1187

Fichs b ten years old. He's the
ay

ov havingimpresed Vintanniwith hse

THOSF DAMNED AND SOON TO Ri


intellignwe: Unk
ibe Teer weak anal deforma 19 ot as ean oe take pare in

rah, be ne

fhinnsell uretul in other ways, OF

sland Tuas ever iver View useful

few cecasions. Looking at Virstani's rt eos ce
ww change them se that Ganges

indepen

Arete

L However heres fretheknond

ns they're not loyal encagh now

fot tall, Fahinbus lly emweddnicck

tactical toowhich istlonygheal by wcurvedl beak

Hieseyes hoe like tiny, sling Hck bonds Pik wings

vill, twisted

ind tecles. He drools uncontrollably av

qretks with a lg rmay find coxnacal

Lama, Stone Beaury

pel

Manufacture: 1183

Lama was

buen fnurteen years ago. Virstania wish
Juplicate thee
te hike hee. Luma

matic. Other Gangylesinstine
The makes all wish t0

frightened 0
rene

gaawned Gargsryles, Cry

prlla, tute Blood oath with her, Each was crea
the same ritual methods as Luma, and is
the four, she ts the le

hiecan pensibty helpit, honeverleawesher

tasks for Virstania. She submits to the indi
more about her mistress and the sec
he serene,
ck srate. Her long, sen
tipped wings somehow
her uncarthly beauty. Her alabaster-like skin glows a
faint yellow; the effect is only visible in the dark.

Saxam, Masrer OF Siaves
Sth generation Gargoyle
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanors Defender
Manufactured 1123
Saxum és the quietly dominating leader of Vitunia's
Gangyle apprentices. (Thereare three of them, in adi
to himself.) He 1s the oldest surviving Gargoyle, having
been created in 1123. (The original, Chaundice, went
missing in 1127 and és presumed destroyed.) As well as
assisting Viestania in her experiments, Saxum acts as Gat
goyle leader, passing her instructions to the others. He
breaks up fights, parcels out food and conveys complaints to
the Great Mother. His koyalty ts to her, not the Tremere
plary specimen of the basic Gansoyle
ly chiseled, almost heroic
mouth, like marble are his musculature
impressive. His wingspan many of histype,

HOUSE OF

TREMERE


‘en fet from one fully ourstretched tip to the other. He
proudly wearsa gokl-trimmedrobe given tohimby Virscania.

PRISONERS

The following poor souls languish in the prisons of
Ceotis as of 1197.

Irera, Wretcuep ClsurPER

Teh generation Tremere, childe of Malgorzata

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Jusige

Embrace: 1197

Apparent Age: late 30s

hheraisa visiting mage recently embraced by Malgorzata
She wrote a letter to Probitas, head of House Tremere's
Peruciachantry. waminghimofa vamp plot ar cess She
did not suspect that Prytas had already been tumed or thar
the conspincy extended beyond Cori. Etius wants Jeera
keptaliveasareminder of Malgorzaa'folly, Malgorzata wants

bersbead.Cuaferrum has temoved Malecrsata chou inns
‘men from the dungeons to prevent her from having Itera

Jailed. This infuriates Malgorzata and! may provoke a new
sate of factional inerigue in Cori.

Marra, Cuariatan Spy

9th generation Ravnos, chile of Vassily Taltos

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Rogue

Embrace: 1175

Apparent Age

‘The Raynes who calls herself Marta was caughe after
infilrmating Ceoris in the guise of a serving giel. Curaterrum
founn her lying wounded infront of his door, injured by the
sii of warding he'd placed on it. Marta was blinded by the
‘Hust. Conhwoed now feeds her enough blood to regenerate
her eyes. Then, a soon as she's recovered dim slimpees of
sight, he coolly blinds her with a hoc poker. He's dane this
three times now, andl Marta is almost realy to talk, She's
claimed soar that she wantesto penetrate Ceoris merely for
the trickstersh joy of it because she'd been told it was
impregnable. But in fact the Tsimisce warlord Vladimir
Rusovitch (see Transylvania By Night,p. 117) secured her
services in exchange for the freedom of her mextal brother,
\whom he hollsprisoner. Marta hasalready decided to adkmit
she works for Rustovitch, but nos the part about her brother.
ShehopestotrickCankwoolby offeringtospyenRustowitch
foc itm.

Putsano, Lost APPRENTICE

Mortal apprentice of House Tremere

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Defender

‘Actual Age: 35,

Apparent Age: mid-30s

The brawny mortal Pulsatio served as both body-
guard and apprentice w Tonia, the most influential of
Ceoris' unturned mages. He was taken prisoner very
recently, after asking too many questions at a council
meeting. He didn't know what was going on before, but
ac asassembled the clues. Pulsario
thinks he can escape by overpowering the guards on the
way to the torture chamber, Thus, he has to give
‘Cordwood a reason to torture him. He's made up a story
in which he's been sent by a rival Hermetic House t0
uncover the mystery of the Tremere. He intends to tell
his story a little bit at a time, enduring torture sessions
until he getsa chance to make a run for it. Then he'll try
to fiod Tosia ard rally the moxcal mages against Ceoris
night-creatures. His great confidence prevents:
seeing the sheer folly of secking out torture

Vier, Leper Martyr
12th generation Nosferatu, childe of Tyhald
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Penitent
Embrace: 1193,
Apparent Age: unknown

since his imprisons

captured by Gargoyles during acattle raid. Hissire leads
a hermit's existence, embracing only the occasional
Village outcast s0 he ea talk to and
play chess with. Vilich's sire taught him to be wary of
involvement in Cainite wars, especially the battle
against che strange new witch-<lan. Vilich laments his
capture asa terrible and unfair twist of fate. He begs for
his survival to anyone who will listen. Alehou

been truthful when he says he knows nothing about
Nosferatu efforts against the Tremere, Paul Cordwood
doesn't believe him. Cordwood subjects him

torture sessions, marveling at the young C:

freed, Vilich would want only to esc.
quickly and safely as possible




‘THAUMATUGIC
DEVELOPMENTS

In the two centuries of so since Tremere and his
fellows became vampires, much of thei efforts have been
dedicated to finding ways to preserve and recover ther
able nagical arts. The new blood magic they call
Thaunatungy isthe proxluct of that research, which i still
cngoing. Inthe overall scheme of things, Tremere and the
other thaumaturges are still in the early phase of theit
work. They have ctablshed the basic workings of
Thaumaturgy' and are busy adapting hermetic arts and
rituals to its demands (using the Rego Magica path de
tailed below). Relatively little innovation has taken place,
with the notable exception of the Mland-centeed Regs
Vitue pa Ina few decades, House Tremere breaks once
and forall with the mortal Order of Hermes. This marks

of the "conversion" phase of thaumaturgic devel-
‘opment, both because Tremere and Etriushave exhausted
i arts and rituals and because they are

interested in the development of

ind other forms of blood magic may wish
to consult Blood Magic: Secrets of Thaumaturgy.
Those who wish to see the gulf that comes to separate
Tremere and hermetic magi in the subsequent centuries

Blood Treachery, a supplement for Mage:
‘The Ascension. Neither book is necessary to enjoy
House of Tremere or use the systems below, however.

‘The following two thaumaturgic paths are available

only at the Storyteller's discretion. Rego Magica is
cc andl appears here mostly to give Storytell-
pe at the process of magical conversion

"erdo Magica issomewhat more widely known.

GO Macica CNew Patu)

Tremere, Goratrix and Errius devised this path to
low them to convert Hermetic techniques t0 blood
i. Tremere has ordered that knowledge of this path

be tightly controlled, He doesn't want his juniors devising
ithshe doesn't himself know. That could be disastrous in
the event of a rebellion. The path also offers. a formidable
cof techniques to use against enemy magi. Therimna
‘and Curaferrum have been trained in the path: the former
toberterply them; the later to more efficiently slay them.
The Inner Circle knows ofits existence. though not all of
them can use the path. At present, no one else walks it.

Creatine New Pars

After a suitable period of research into equivalent
Hermetic magics, the thaumaturge can create a new path
which he, and thiumatunges after him, may use. The path
‘must revolve around the creation (Creo), control (Rego),
perception (Intéllego), transformation' (Muto) or de-
HOUSE OF TREMERE

struction (Pendo) ofa single eat
Common categories include animals, each of the fou
clamical cements, the enind ox plants. The Latin term for
ths fvowerchfestoppanrtsnseseund word afte eal
tame. For example path permitting the thaumsrurgs
‘Create illnenes would be called Creo Malu,

The process of research invelves year of eff
ieaing ot dary sone eabiagealccoresonsires
forming alchemical teste The Key is uncovering the
various ways in which to misnic hermetic effects throug
the powers of Cainite blood. The thaumaturge bepinw by
‘reatine the frst power in the path, and then creates
sucesively more mighty mags, until he ha created a
less five powess Thaumaturpes who ga fSia
the created path may improvise additionally power
effects. The vampire may make extensive notesallowing
thereto lear the path oe conmmait the scactto memany
the can keep them to himel. I he fas to take notes
uring the proces of creation, however, bel find ic very
<Sfficale to teach i to another thaunaturge late.

‘System: The player creates a power by writing it up in
the format given here, with descrip information on is
CGpablities lined ina paragraph or two followedby specific
information on game mechanics in a paragraph labeled
Spcin The Seunyeller hn finaay re epee ae
indivi power it should meet the following crit

* Iemust match the desired dot rating. I the charac-
tet is creating his Gast power in the pal it rust be &
one-dot power. After that, he must create a two-dot
power, and 30 on.

©The vampire' rating in Rego Magica must exceed
the power's desired dot rating by at least 2.

* Lemnst be roughly as cfloctivc a powers fede ocher
Tremere paths which share tsdot rating Level | powers
have no greater effect ona story than the movernent of
an object weighing a pound, te summoning of fog oa
candle-sised flame, viewing past events in a specific
location or the increase of Attributes by spending Will-
power. Level 2 powers are about ws effective asf
nother vampire co involuntatily spend blow poin
tmovement of 20 pounds, the summoning of rain othe
chance to converse with an inanimate object. Level 3
powers do things lke allow the vampire to temporary
Aicrease his effective generation, create acampiresized
flame, move 200 pounds, remove | health level per
success scored over the victim's opposing roll or cause a
chair to grab its occupant. Level 4 powers are of sufficient
magnitude tonteal blood points fromadistance, summon
abenteo rm, mve 500 pound or reste a watery

ii through which supernatural beings can't, Level
Should be no less powerfal than thove which remwve
both health levels and blood points per succes, cll
down lightning, move 1000 pounds or summon a mighty
‘entity from nother realm of being.

"The Storyteller may moxify the sytem paragraph to
tring ie more inline with other comparable powers, She

ory af force or object


‘may permit the power's victim rol
effective for each success so
of successes scored, increase

the effect to the
decrease the
mpose requirements on the we
vn to the usual 1 pet power use

uch ashis
caperndicure ofextra

werall theme of the path. For
example, ifth Malum path

* Itmay not duplicate the effect of another path or
Discipline power. (It may, however,
version of an effect conferred by an existing ritual.)
to which they don't have access. E
such as the dealing of damage

fer a broader

formula of simply seem too enterta
‘Once player and Storyteller have arrived at a final
write-up for the power, the character embarks on a period
of extensive research, looking for ways to tum theory int
actice. He must spend one year for each of the poset'
uming that the thaumaturge can devote at least

hours per week to his efforts. Having spent that

time, the vampire rolls Intelligence + Occult (dificulty

eachot the power's dots ibe made
csory in play, Storyteller
tem details, They
ns to scale b
ngs, while bei

new utter

go Magica also all
s. The thaum:

ws the creation of new blox
urge wishing to di

earch into existing her
als. She endeavors tn find those which m
duplicate the desired effect at

purify ritual items which

wishes to control. The ritu

SECRETS OF THE WORKSHOPS


effect necessary transformations in the ritual
ng their destruction) or work directly

‘of individual. She must devise the
chante and incantations ised to unleath the ritual's

anu
adjust h
anual

for the use of blood magi. This

work in progress and provides

5 useful for experimentation;

ust still make adjustments in her lab.

she reheares it exten

its movements and incantations and

y required alchemical reactions. She

mess mock chants and movements at pivotal

‘moments, sas not todraw down powerful magic before she

‘ssure of the means to hares it. During this time she must

remain wary of lurking impish spirits or other forces drawn

by the potential or malign mischief. They may artemps to

‘confuse her mind, so that she practices movements and
ns bound to rain disaster down on her.

ws the ritual, knowing that she

may get one of three results. She may succeed in estab-

peatelly
insert

jempt the ritual,

yy suffer a catastrophe which carries

c consequences, but also prevents her

fully establishing the ritual of passing
ther for completion.

later. Or she
various immedi
from ever succe

lt, the final step in finalizing
ive ita suitably poetic name.

is written on a piece of parchment and

burned, +0 that all of creation's elementals and demons

may know and fear it
Syatem: The player creates. ritual write-up follow

ritual isto
brief ph

ing the format seen here of other products. The first
section describes, without rules mechanics, the effect of
the ritual and provides a bnef description of the means
required to evoke it.

Storytellers first check tosee ifthe effect issimilarto
that of another Discipline of ritual. They need only
worry about those listed in books to which they have
access. Ifthe effect is already known, the caster discovers
this during the carly stages of research and can't go
forward. Ifthe effect is not known, the Storyteller then
asks himself if conforms to the themes associated with
Tremere magic. The details of the ritual should evoke
the rationalistic, callous and semi-scientific Tremere

‘ethos, The effects to which Tremere rituals are best
suited are as follows:

* The effect interferes with the natural composition
of living or unliving beings, euch ae the Gargoyle and
hybrid creature rituals listed later in this chapter.

* Itoffers protection from the Tremere'smany enemies

* Iealters the laws of vampirism to assist in theit
survival.

However, the Tremere are still in their early, cre
ative stage, and may be able o branch out into new areas
if Storytellers 40 decide.

If the Storyteller accepts the effect, she must then
assign a ritual level to it by comparing the new ritual to
existing ones in terms ofits usefulness to the caster and
the degree of change it exerts on its target. Effects that
will have only a small impact on the cure of a story
rmeritow ritual levels. Ones with the potential abruptly
change the direction of a storyline demand high levels
Similarly, effects that bring about widespread or obvious
cchange require high ritual levels

Although the level determines the standard difficulty
‘of ritual, the Storyteller can always add additional require:
iments tolimic the we of a mighty effect. The mont reable
‘of these isa blood point cost. Star with a cost of | Blood
point perritual level and adjust as needed. A Storytellermay
also require the expenditure of rare or valuable items in the
‘execution of a ritual, stipulate that it requires the help of
assistants or other thaumaturges, extend the time required
tocast the ritual or limit the duration of its effect. Never use
theexactresulsofabotch asa limiting factor even ifthey're
‘expecially nasty. Botches should never be predictable 50
that Storytellers can enjoy free rein in deviously fitting
them to the circumstances at hand.

(Players can always build limitations into their de-
scription in advance, hoping to sway a Storyteller to
their cause. Some Storytellers may wish to evoke the
rigors of the research process by refusing to suggest
limitations themselves. Instead, they'll simply teject the
‘tual as written and send the player back to the drawing
board without specific guidance astohow to improve it.)

Once player and Storyteller have by whatever means
arrived at an acceptable ritual, the character may at-
tempt to make the ritual part of the Tremere canon, and
to leam it herself. The amount of time she must expend
in researching and rehearsing the ritual is as follows:

The times listed here assume that the thaumaturge
spends the vast bulk of her esearch time on this single
‘tual and that her other obligations do not prevent her


Performance Successes Result
‘The riual has not been created. Any further attemprs the thaumaturge makes
to create it (or something very similar) are doomed to fail.
‘The ritual has not been created. The thaumaturge can try again by spending
the time listed above under "Time Before Another Try."

successfully created a ritual she does not herself yet fully
‘understand. After devoting the retry period to additional research, she learns
Ra pieereal wet re fether cll aoe ve
The ritual has not been created. The thaumaturge can try again by spending
the time listed above under "Time Before Another Try."
‘The effect manifests itself, but the thaumaturee can't repeat the tual oe seach
itto others. She can try gain by spending the time listed above under "Time
Before Another Try."
‘The ritual has been created; its effects manifest themselves.

fromdevotingatleast }Ohoursaweek toresearch. Atthe
end of this time, she makes two rolls. Normally the
‘vampire may proceed with these rolls only if her dots in
Rego Magica exceed the level of the ritual by atleast 2.
‘The fist is an Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 5) roll;
this measures her success in researching the ritual. She
‘must then actually perform the ritual successfully; the
second roll is therefore that of the ritual she wishes to
create. Results vary depending on the successes scored in
cach roll, as per the following chart.

After successfully creating a ritual, the thaumaturge
isthe only one whoknowsit.Ifshe wishestoshare it with
others, she can teach them directly, or write down
<erailed instructions in abook or on ascroll. Writing the
ritual down makes i easier foe far-distant colleagues to
lear, but also creates an opportunity for rivals to pile
acopy and wield the effect without permission. Ceoris's
researchers are highly jealous of one another and never
«casually share the fruits of theie research. They loosen
their grips on their magical secrets when they wish to
cement alliances, settle grievances or provide compen-
sation for services te

COMBINING EFFORTS

Thaumatunges can overcome limitations on the cre-
ation of paths or rituals by working in concert. To find the
single effective Rego Magica ratingofa group of researchers,
subrract | from the Rego Magica score ofeach participating
individual, and then axkl them together. Only one of the
teearchers may make the rolls necessary for success.

The ability to combine research efforts exerts a great
influence over Ceori polities. The research assistance of
ether blood magicians is a highly coveted commodity.
The offer of assistance is @ powerful inducement, and ts
often used to settle feuds or bartered for other potent
favors. For example, Mendacamina once persuaded
Epistatia to bring a mage she hunted back to Ceoris as a
Prisoner instead of killing him on the spot. She did this by
promising to aid her with her latest soul migration ritual
(Mendacamina wanted toslay the fellow herself — slowly.)

"Thaunsaturges can creace rituals of levels higher
than their Rego Magica would normally allow rat-
ings by frst researching similar but les effective |
rituals. In doingag, they build up to a major disco
ty via a proses U ‘development. They may
act as if their Rego Magica dots haveiricreased by 1

foreach lower ewe peated ritual fey havea
inthe past (up goa maximum numbe of bonus dots
cqualto her Ge Rego Magica

retains any interest inipecforting the is
Another example ot

Epistatia's ‘Displacement of (p. 113)
For years she sweated over rituals to cause a soul to
migrate from its body. She has yet to achieve her
ultimate end; she is iow studying the Displacement
of the Prcuma's effects with an eye towards the
creation of a more effective fourth-level rit

A chantry fond has the right to order one practitioner
‘of Rego Magica to assist another. Thaumaturges bitterly
resent being forced to abandon their own projects to serve
colleague's interests, so a wise Lord uses this rule sparing

Perpo Macica

Cainite Tremere continue to exist check-by-jowl with
unturned magi and wisely fear their abilities. They ak
the following path from Hermetic practice in orde
defend themselves against mortal colleagues. When per
forming countermagc, the thaumaturge makes disenissi


sesture, as if warting away gna, and speaks a brie incan-
tation. The path offers several dasen ofthese incantations,
cich of them comesponding to a force or element com:
‘monly present in magical workings. The incantation to
lisp fire magic includes a reference to water, for example

The path partially counters other types of sorcery,
including nectomancy and the Setite, Assamite and
Koldunic practices Perdo Magicadoes not counter non-
sorcerous Disciplines, however.

gica will prove its wefulness soon, when
House Tremere is banned by the Order of Hermes, usher-
an eighty-year war against their former fellows.
When the war ends, the Tremere leadership discourages
the use of this path because it is also effective against
‘Thaumaturgy. The clan's most powerful thaumaturges do
others to know how to swat away their deadliest
workings. By che time of the modem nights, the Order of
Hermes will have altered its practices enough to make
Perdo Magica ineffective, while the Tremere concentrate
con undoing their internal enemies' workings. In the
modem nights,itbecomes" [Countermagic
(see Guide to the Camarilla p. 108)

System: The vampire may nullify the effect of any
‘Thaumaturgic or Hermetic path o ritual, that his
neve in peels Masi a or ew the dots of the

ath power or the level ofthe ritual. The player spends one
Wool pone and ola rumbr of de equal to rice the
character's Perdo Magica rating (difficulty equal to that of
the effect being nullified). Each success he rollscancels out
‘success scored by the opposing magician. When counter-
{ng paths and riruals which are neither Thaumaturgic not
Hermetic, the vampire's Perdo Magica die poo is halved.

THAUMATURGIC
RITUALS

‘Cooris is currently the center of Tremere learning.
Intheemergingart of thaumaturgic blood magic, itis the
first university, Assuch, it shome toa variety of unique
aand new rituals, many of which are unknown beyond its
walls. Unless otherwise indicated, all rituals require the
standard Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 4+ level ofthe
ritual) roll, The default time to cast a ritual is five
nutes per level.

LeveL ONE RITUALS
Tre Carrion Fiy DeLayeD
‘This ritual allows for the preservation of |
from living (or unliving) dogs ek Aart
in rituals demanding fresh fleshy components long after
being hewn from their original owners. The caster must
make a series of incantations before vivisecting the
living victim. He conducts the vivisection and then
wses the desired parts through smoke from a censer
uming alchemical salea

Creative vampires may devise other uses for the
ritual. Forexample, itis more disheartening to the kin of
‘one's enemy to drop a fresh-looking head in his lap than
twdeliver a mere skull. Ic is also useful in the formation
of alibis; by the time discoverers find a body treated in
this way, the caster may have traveled many leagues
away, leaving a corpse that looks fresh-killed. This ritual
can also preserve blood for later consumption.

‘System: Simple success preserves five blood points or
100 pounds tae eae single specimen for up to a
‘week. Playerscan spend additional successes to extend the
preservation time (one week per success) or the amount
Preserved (five blood point/100 pounds per success),

Historical Note: The advent of refrigeration makes
this ritual a relic of the past.

Now Irs Sigur Is Ours

"This ritual creates a scrying device which can be used
toobserve enemiesandevents from safety; Paul Condwoud
devised it for his use and that of his spies. The ritual
equites a theee-inch, golden pin, a length of wire, small
golden claw cast in the shape ofarooster'sfoot, some ofthe
caster's vitae, and a human victim with at least one
healthy eye. As the ritual begins, the victim is on het
knees, bound, gagzed and blindfokied. The ritualist (oran
sistant; uually ewo helpers are required to restrain the
victim during the stage to follow) removes the victim's
blindfold and shines a bright light into his face. Using a
caliper, the vampire plucks out the desired eye, taking care
‘not co unduly damage it. While assistants remove the
victin, che tual pes seis of cancion and
pierces the eye with the pin. He attaches the pin to the
wire and the wire to the claw, draws the eye through the
smoke of several censers as a preservative measure and
then dips it ina pool of his own vitae that rests in a golden
bowl inscribed with the image of Thoth, Egyptian god of
Knowledge. The vine is then drawn off, placed in a
solution of preservative salts and essences and saved.

The device can now be placed in any location the
‘vampire wishes to survey from a distance. The claw is
cused to secure it to a surface. Needless to say, it must be
well-hidden from observant targets

To see through the eye of the device, the user (who
must be a vampire, but needn't be the original ritualist)
ingests the vitae potion. The device takes aver his visual
Perceptions; instead of what stands hefore him, he sees
what the device sees.

System: The ritualist must spend at least 3 blood
points in making the vitae potion but is not limited to
that quantity. Each point yields four doses of the potion.

Using the device requites no roll, unless the users fed
the blood unwillingly. In that case she may roll
Wil st against a difficulty of 9 to resist the vision. The
image flooding the user's vision is flat; a single eye yields
no perception of depth. Ic is purely visual, conveying no
sounds, smells or other sensory information. The user may
vary the duration of the vision by altering the quantity of


the vitae potion she drinks. It lasts for ten minutes for
‘every dose consumed. The potion does not also nourish
the drinker; it can't be used to increase her blood pool.
The eye remains potent until destroyed but is useless
without the correct potion of blood. The original
thaumarurge, and only the original thaumaturge, can
perform a new ritual using an existing eye (and no new
Victims) co gain further doses of blood. Each time this is
done to a single eye. the ritual difficulty rises by 2

Leven Two RITUALS

Dust oF REMEMBRANCE

‘Curaferrum devised this ritual vo alect him co signs
ofdisorder in hischancry. To perform the thaumaturge
severs one of her fingers, allowing it to crumble to
corpse-dust as he grows a new one. She combines the
dust with myrrh, wine dregg, silver powder and salt
‘extracted from the tears ofa child, allows the mixture to
dryand then performsa series of incantations. The result
is several drams of whitish powder. The thaumatunge
sprinkles the powder on an objectof interest ther. Ifthe
object is moved while she is not in its presence, the
thaumaturge feels a sharp pain in hee regrown finger.

The castellan uses this strategically by placing dust
on certain doors to know when unwanted intrusions
‘occur. He also sometimes makes petty use of it. He might
place the dust in linen closets to catch out the mortal
servants, or on a tapestry depicting Etrius, to see who has
been splattering it with paint.

‘System: The ritualist may de the dust on up to.
twenty objects during the ritual. She can tell which of
them sbeing interferedifthe player passes an Intelligence
+ Occule roll. The connection with prepared objects lasts
for one lunar month per success on the ritual roll.

MEMBRANOUS APPROPRIATION

The raw material for this ritual is the reconsti-
tuted skin that appears in the citualist's alchemical
Apparatus afteraCainiteisattacked by skin eaters (sce
p, 123). Unlike other rituals using this material, the
thaumaturge must take care that the skin derives only
from a single individual. The reualit ncads the shin
like bread dough, then cooks i in an oven heated not
by flame, but by distillace of vis (see p. 129), She
removes it from the alchemical oven partway through
the cooking process and then sculpts it into either a
right hand or a mask-like visage. She returns it to the
oven, periodically basting it with alum, pine resin and
powdered serpent scales.

System: When theritualiscomplete, the thaumacurge
ail nepes object with a rea indrvidual whose
skin she used. It may be a disembodied hand or a mask. If
the victim is conscious, either item will begin to pulse and
‘witch and within momentsbeyan torepraduce the subject's
movements as he makes them. Distance between victim
and item proves no impediment.

wyetly displayed 1 allow the
face to be clearly seen, A hand
isplaced on the end of a series of copper tens, constructed
toprovideanarm'srange of movement, amask ina rounded
metal frame. The viewer may then deduce the current
activities ofthe victim from the articulations ofthe handor
the expressions of the face. Ifthe victim writes wmething,
pen may be placed inthe hand toprovide an indistinguish:
able facsimile of the document. The mack heute
well-formed mouth, lips and tongue, and reproduces all
sounds made by the victim. (A touch of an agate-tipped!
wand induces it to silence, if the wser so desires. Two quick
touches gets it talking again.) Once created, the ritualist
‘may give it to someone else with instructions for care.
The ritualist may at any time sever the connection
between vietim and item. In the case of the mask
sometimes useful to do this. The mask retains its
lation, and can be worn on the face to disguise oneself as
the victim. When used in this way, the mask moves to
conform to the wearer's facial manipulations. Although
the false face seems real and is difficult to distinguish
fom dat of the victim, i confers 10 the user NO 3
tional ability to mimic his characteristic expressions
The ritualist cannot reestablish a severed connection,
The skin that makes up the ite
alive and mst be kept that way. The use
hand by bathing it in a blood and water
week. The solution requires 3 blood pu

Tr Sreats Your Wuispers

The ritualist creates a device with which he can heat
soundhoveragreatdistance. Albodesignedby Pail Condwvod,
itissimilarto the ritual Now Its Sight ls Ours (p. 110), seth
the following exceptions: The body put taken from the
fhuman victim isan ear; the ritualist must saw it off with a
‘small, silver saw, on the handle of which appears an image of
Hades, Greek god ofthe underworkl. The eat sdipped inthe
vampires vine, which then dawn finan cat. The
La ‘coats the surface of a copper hom with the vapor.

System: Assuming a successful ritual, the vampire
has created an item which can then be secretly placed
a location of interest. It captures any sound within
human earshot of it, sending it to the copper horn
Anyone drinking a portion of the elixir hears the cap-
tured sounds. The ritualist player must spend at least
three blood points, but may spend mote. For every point
spent, the ritual creates one dose of clixir.

The duration of the remote hearing depends on the
amount of elixirthe user takes: the effect spans 10m
forevery dose consumed. During this time he és una
hear sounds emanating from the area around
elixir isnot nourishing; the drinker's blood poo!
increase. The magic disregards distance ot obstacles be:
tween ear and hom. The device does not clarify muffled
sounds or translate languages unknown to the listenee

Like an eye in Cordwood's other ritual, the ear
remains potent until destroyed, but is useless without the


nd
val
ther

ft. They open
ath,

Levet THREE RITUALS
Cruciate or SyMpr

Mendac


to torture one subject with implements that have been
bathed in alchemical sales and vapors

‘The second subject feels all ofthe agony suffered by
the fist; but remaies physically nharmed. Thoeuflring
cof the first subject batters down any resictance he could
otherwise muster against cracking under torture. Ifthe
first victim isslain, the second feels what itis like to die.

System: Ifthe chaumaturge is using the ritual as a
simp okt tere, ssccemes on the ployer' ea roll
add to his dice pool for a subsequent torture or interroga-
tion roll. Ifthe ritual is used to create simple obedience,
hhowever, the ritual roll iself is opposed by a Willpower
roll from the victim'splayer. Ifthe ritualist obtains any net
successes, the victim agrees tocarry out whatever instruc:
tions the thaumaturge issues to him, short of killing
himself outright. If the thaumaturge's succestes exceed
the vietim's by two or more, she can, at will, re-evoke the
pain experienced by the victim during the height of the
ritual, provided she can make eye contact with him.

Ifthe thaumaturge's orders place the vitin in imme-
ate mortal danger, the Storyteller may allow a second
Willpower roll dificulty 8) to resist the commandsuntal the
danger passes. A vietim under orders has a broken will and
although not in a trance per se, appears listless and spent.

DispLaceMeNT oF THE PNEciMA

AA prisoner is suspended inside frame of copper
‘tubing, secured to it by an elaborate system of leather belts
and iron chat Lease peng ns pond
forcing them open. Copper clips are clamped onto inci-
sons in the victim's neck, over his heat, kidney and
stomach, on his genitals and inside his rectum. Alchemi-
cal vapors are wafted onto him, with the aid of a bellows.
Ifthe victim, ‘out from pain or terror, the ritual must
be nupended unt he recovers conciousness.

An animal, such as a goat or ewe, is led into the room.
Itisplaced in acageandabo tncised st various critical points
cof its anatomy, and clips attached. The clipsconnect tocat-
gut strings, which all lead t0 a Grass) vat. The
thaumaturge performs incantations to ‘energies of
extra-worldly beings into the vat. She ritually "slays" the
prisoner by drawing a dull blade across his throat. The blade
tshollow and contains a quantity of her own blood: a lever
con the trick blade releases the blood, which gushes down
onto the victim's chest. The ritual works best if the victim
is unaware of the trickery and momentarily believes he's
sceing his own throat being slashed.

At this moment the thaumaturge shouts a wond of
power into the victim's ear, as loudly as she can. If
successful, she shocks the victim's soul out of his body. It
travels through the clips, along the cat-gut, into the vat
and then out into the body of the animal.

‘System: One success means that the victim's soul
thas been separated from the body, but has not traveled
into the animal. The victim might as well have been
murdered by mundane means. There sno known way to

return the soul to the body, although it may linger asa
ghost at the Storyteller's discretion.

‘Two successes indicate chat the soul has indeed traveled
into the animal, bt cannot be retumed. The victin lives the
rest of the animal' lifespan trapped in its body. It lacks the
animals instincts and may be ill-equipped to survive. A
semblance of the victim's intellect, shorn of memory, desire
‘oc willpower, remains in the human body. The soulless being
ie suggestihle and follows inctructions given by the
thaumaturge, but only if they do no require interpretation,
Ie continues to follow the instructions when out of the
ritualist' buconly forafew minutes. After it realises
thatthe sno longer present, it simply stops. It
either remains ‘or cutis upon the ground in the fetal
position. Without volition, it doesn't even eck itsown basic
survival and will die of ties f not ordered to drink

Three successes allows the thaumaturge to return the
vvictim'ssoulto hisbody atthe rinal'sconclusion. The victim
retainsno memory ofthe time hissoul spent outside his body
Four succeses not only allow the sous return to itsbody, but
‘permitthe victim to report sensations he experienced both in
‘the animal's body and during the transmigration. In each of
the batter twocases, the soul remains transgresesforapproxt
‘mately two hours, less ten minutes for each point of the
victims Willpower. The victim's player can nullify the effect
entirely by spending Willpower points in exces of the
ritualst's doo in Thaumaturyy.

Note: This ritual is a work in progress, the most
coherent expression so far of Epistatia's researches into
soul migration. She considers it successful ifshe tsable to
glean memories and impressions from the victim after
ward. She keeps careful notes of these extra-boily
sensations, hoping she will one day be able to use them
todesign a more complete ritual. Her ultimate aim is to
be able to possess a victim's body at will, with no
permanent harm to either soul. She continues these
investigations out of curiosity, even though the house
hhas found a different replacement for Hermetic immor-
tality. She does not know where they wll ead, but is sure
that there is power in them.

Ichor oF THE HEXAPED
The hexaped isan unusual form of Ganguyle that tracks
its victims and, when it confronts them, couts them in a
substance establishing a psychic ink between victim arxd
hexapd ee p 124) In onder t make eof the
vampire uses thisritual tocrush the juice from the hexaped's
body for distillation. Thehexaped, which must be conscious
during the rituals lowered intoa gigantic, man-sized press
ess intelligent than other Gargoyles, the hexaped
fy realises what is about to happen and fights
itself from whatever restraints is captors have put
itdoes excape, it certainly attacks is tormentors Ii
net, the bearers lower it into the press and then struggle to
place heavy planks over its top, preventing the hexaped
from springing out. Then, asthe vampire chants an draws
aseriesof arcane sgis inthe ait the assistants bein totum

SECRETS OF THE WORKSHOPS


the large wheel that controls the wise-like press. The
hhexaped squirms on the wite mesh flooring of the press. As
the twohalves ofthe vise squeeze the life out of it is Mood
other juices drip down through the mesh and collect in
copper trough below. The shudgy mass drips fron there
into a silver bucket. When no mare ichor can be pressed
from the beast, the vampine takes the full pail back to his
laboratory, where he mixes it with myrrh, copper powder,
wine dregs and «ame of hisown vitae. He then pours it into
1 shallow silver bow! about three feet in diameter. After
iancther round of chanting, accompanied by the buming of
six kinds of incense, an image appears in the greenish-red
liquid in the bowl. When looking into the bowl. the
tHhaumatunge can now see a blurry representation of what
the hexapeu'svietim sees. If he leans forward and concen-
trates bit, he can hear the victim's surface thoughts like a
quiet voice in the back of his own head.

Epistatia is responsible for the creation of the
hexaped. She made it for Paul Cordwood, to show the
inefficacy of his own petty rituals. Though at first both
annoyed and appalled by her gesture, he has since had
‘occasion to usefully employ them. Like the simulacra
(Gee p, 126), he finds them as useful for their demoraliz-
ingeffect on those unlucky enough to behold them as for

information they might gather foe him.

System: One success allows watchers to see what the
victim sees; two are requited to heat his thoughts. Unless the
‘vampire got three or more succestes the victim experiences
haunting etve of surveillance whenever the thaumaturge
looks intothe bowl, The liquid must be refreshed with apount
ofthe thaumatunge"sbloodevery week. noe, itcongeals into
aclorted mass.nad no longer receives images,

Historical Note: The Tremere's use of hexapeds
largely comes to an end when they join the Camarilla
and accept the terms of the Masquerade.

Popatate Nicut's Garpens

With this ritual, the vampire creates a hybrid crea-
ture fromanimalsoftwoormoredifferenttypes. Virstania,
Malgorzata and Goratrix established itasa prelude to the

pyle project with some assistance supplied by
Epistatia. Only Viestania continues as an entlusiastic
user of the ritual, the results of which she seems to enjoy
for their own sake. The others find her obsession with
the hybrids gratuitously morbid and are glad to put
behind them their memories of its creation.

System: The ritual takes place in stages. The vam-
pirecan leave asmach time asshe wishes berween stages,

he player must succeed at each stage before the vam-
pire can proceed to the next; failure at any stage does not
invalidate previous successes, however.

* Stage One: Vivisection. The vampire vivisecty at least
thice living specimens of each animal type to be hybeidied.
‘She draws exacting diagrams of the creatures' anatomics,
rumning the parts. The process kes two fll nghss of work,
after which the playertolls Dexterity + Medicine (dificulry5),

HOUSE OF TREMERE

* Stage ‘Twor Finding of Correspondences. The
varnpos Weaniics th qualities the wats to Inve ta
the new creature. She consults scholatly texts concerning
the natural world, She takes preserved parts of the crea:
tures vivisected during the first stage and bathes them in
alchemical substances. Through these means, she deter-
imines which parts of the creature house the qualities she
secks. For example, she may wish to create a centipede
with the tracking instincts of a bloodhound. She may
surmise that the instincts are resident in the bloodhoung!
snout, but must confirm this by subjecting a snout to
alchemical testing. When she is satisfied that she has
located the ceerect hody parts, che proceeds: This process
takes roughly two nights of research after which the
thaumaturge rolls Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 6).

* Stage Three: Constructing the Fetal Entity. She
then takes a living specimen of each creature to he used
and vivisects it. She puts aside the vivisected pars iden-
tified during the finding of correspondences, as well as any
required (o give the animal its desired anatomy. (If she

with the head of an ov, she rust have

shead and centipede's body.) She places these in
a 0c made from the uterus of a cow, sheep or other large
animal. She then places them ina gestation chamber. This
may be a barrel filled with a uterine solution created by
alchemy. More powerfully, it might be the womb of
creature created by a previous casting of this ritual to serve
tsa birthing device for father borers, (The creature
Virstania's Birthing Annex, p.67, providesan example of
this technique.) This takes a few hours of work, after
which the player olls Dexterity + Medicine (difficulty 6),

* Stage Four: Donning the Creator's Mantle.
Using an astrological ephemeris, the vampire calculates
the amount of time required for gestation. When the
creature is ready to be horn, she opens the gestation
barrel or makes an incision in che bitthing beas's belly
She pulls the newborn creature loose and breathes the
smoke of bumed blood salts on ie with a bellows. The
vampire must now exercise great caution, as the new
‘creature may immediately attack, especially if it was bred
for viciousness, The minimum duration of gestation is at
the Storytellers discretion, and the player rolls Intel
gence + Occult (difficulty 7). The use of a living womb
during stage three lowers the difficulty of stage four t 5

The smount of Hood wel dering the final ange
depends on the new creature's statistics.
Player must spend 3 blod points for each doe of Suength,
Dexterity, Stamina or Perception and 9 blood points for
each dot of Charisma, Manipulation, Intelligence or Wits,
which animals generally do not possess. Alertness, Brawl,
‘Dodge, Intimidation, Stealth and Survival also cost 3 poms

dot. Animals imbued with Intelligence may, at the
s eye cen, sete Ai acon of Spe
point. Every point of damage done by creature when it
attacks costs Pico, ‘point. Infrequently-used attacks may
cost only half a blood point per point of damage. The
Seoryelce may levy ational Hoe! costs for special


attacks or abilities, such as potsonous bites, pemrifying gazes,
‘unusual senses or exotic methods of locomotion.

"The final stage ofthe ritual may take place over a bo
pst tme allowing thei ose up the
tents isuby prsoible ieee with other, drawing

om apprentices. Virtania's Gargoyles are worshi=
fully ready roasist her whenever she callson them for blo

‘The ritual creates short lived creatures; they die after
a number of days equal to the blood spent on the final
stage. Neither does the ritual grant the easter any control
over the creature. However, both peoblems can be solved
ifthe vampire chooses to ghoul its creation, which grants
the standard advantages of longevity and obedience.

"The creaturesare infertile, but the caster can artempe an,
additional Intellect + Occult oll (dificulty 8) at the conchs-
sion of Donning the Creators Mantle. If succesful, the
creature is fertile and may he heed with another specimen of
its exact type. (Ghoul creatures lose whatever ferility they
‘once hin.) Breeding the crearures requires an Intelligence +
Animal Ken (icy 7 rol takes up ive ds ere

success of the attempe is determin One specimen is
bor for each success. Bred specimens are of a random sex,
‘usally fertile and enjoy about thiery times longer
thantheircreated parents Subsequent generiticns maintain
the fertility and longevity of their parents.

Historical Note: When Virstania leaves the Tremere,
the ritual is forgotten. Although copies of it sill exist in
Vienna chantry andafew other chantries, modern Caines

would hesitate before risking the Masquerade with large-
scale production of hideous hybrid beasts.

QuicKsitVER EEL

By mixing various alchemical substances in his labo-
ratory, the thaumaturge createsadevice which can burrow
into the flesh of a mage and steal his will. The ritual
produces a writhing ball of quicksilver about the sizeof a
man's fist. [t must be placed in a non-porous containet for
transport. A glass flask with a stopper works best

When the user (who need not be its creator) finds
himself in the presence of a mortal mage, he releases the
device from its container. (In a. combat situation, he
might lob the glass flask to smash at his enemy's feet.)
‘When released, the device comes to a semblance of life,
resembling a silvery liquid tadpole with a face full of
dagger-like teeth. The device launches itself at the clos
‘est magician, burrowing through clothes or shoe leather
into his flesh. It then works its way up the victim's
skeletal structure ftom within, riding up the spinal col-
uumn into the brain. From there it begins to devour the
vietim's will and with it his ability to wield magic.

"This rirual was devised by Epistatia for use in weaken-
ingoreven destroyingthe mortal magesshe must sometimes
hunt down. She finds this manifestation of her creativity
‘endlessly fascinating. She sometimes sits by a victim's side
as the device takes its toll on him, verbally taunting him as
his willpower flickers away like the wick of adying candle.

System: If thete are no magictans (characters with
dots in any path of hedge wizandry or other supernatural
powers) within a hundred feet of the quicksilver eel
when freed, it beelines in a random direction until i
finds onc or loses its potciny. The device remains porent
for a number of days equal to twice the successes of the
player's role to invoke the ritual. The eel harms the
magician by devouring his individual will, thought by
hermetic magi to be the seat of all magical power, The
victim suffers no wounds when the cel burrows into him,
although he can certainly feel it swimming up through
his flesh and sinew. For each day it remains installed in
the target's brain. ie permanently lowers the magician'
Willpower by one. Any path, numina or other mortal
supernatural Trait rated equal or higher than the
character's Willpower is also reduced by one at the

If the victim 's Willpower drops to 0 while the
quicksilver eel is still active, he rolls Stamina. Failure
means instantancous death, asthe tissues of his
up and crumble to dust. One or more success all
to linger as.a mindless, drooling husk of his f

Ifthe eel survives its victim, itmay bee
the body. If distilled down, it provides 2 po
every point of Willpower it devoured. The type of vis
matches that most often used by the victim.

Leven Four Rrraats

Tue Bronze Heap Speaks

Mendacamina devised this ritual eo counteract s vexing

limitation of the Auspex Discipline. While the Steal Secrets
‘power makes it posible to experience the surface theaghts of

a victim, the results are often a series of anno visual
images. When seeking the plansand secret the enemy, the
Tremere rage precision. When the ska sone where
thenearest Timisce havenis, they want anexactdescription,
nota cloudy vision of abubbling brook anda moonlit brad
Thisritual permits the desived exactitude, at least when the
subjectisaboundandhelplessprisoncr eadedfor viviscction
‘on Virstania's lab tables

As assistants chant an elegy to lost souls, warming
them that another doomed one tsabout to join them, the
ritualist rubs the victim's head in an ale
that saps the will, melts off interfering hai
the skull. She then takes a flexible bron:
cannula) with a sharpened end (a trocar
through the prisoner's right temple and on:
The tube is attached to a manually-oper
Assistants tum the pump's crank whee! throughout the
rest of the process, drawing the victim's pulped brain
matter through the tubing to a large bronze head. The
head isexpensive to produce and must he made by master
craftsmen. It stands about two feet high and has an
articulated jaw for speech. Its eyes are balls of ivory
suspended in small, liquid-filled crys these bobble
around whenever the victim suffers jolt of pain ot pang
‘of regret from the secrets it hears revealed.


as semblance of lite, the
head's knowledge is
pur the usw
memory ofthe prisoner poses no impediment
wthehead. Thebeal Candee dowtintohisiindtoftee
uplong-buriedremembrancesofhispre-Cainite fe oreven
memories suppressed by magical means. The further
memory from the victim's conscious understanding, the
wo ScO0p I Out
ses nor speak with the voice ofthe victim;
instead it has a madimentary persona of its own, The head
. dubbed Paracelsus, behavesobseqaiously, aking
rulacamina'shealeh and rkingevery opportunity
iy tht eto cnsrct him He
may ako make grim jokes at the victim's exy
icer humiliating information about hie. ("This one
vas very sinful with hus sister when he was ondinary flesh.
'm sad to say.") When having a hard time finding an
vestion, tight exhort the asstan

ts not always amused by his banter and may
lence himself, which he docs
exactly the same personality,
‘hough all are in some way chillingly distegardful of the
victim' suffering
iystem: The thaumaturge's player rolls Intelligence
+ Occult (as normal), opposed by the vietim's Stamina
+ Fortitude (difficulty 9). Each net success provides the
wumaturge with one immediately useful piece of infor-
imation, The exact content is up to the Storyteller.

A mortal, or a ghoul without Fortitude, cannot
survive the process of having her brain pulped. Vam
Pires, expectilly those with Fortitude (a

a chance of surviving because of

rative abilities. The player rolls

itude (difficulty 9) and requires three

successes for the character to survive and end the torture
por. Five successes leave the character

50 need five successes even to survive.
A vampire killed by the ritual can be vivisected for
the purpose of using him as raw material for a Gargoyle,
his pieces can be used right away of

magically preserved.

Historical Note: Although Paracelsus is destroyed
with Coors in 1476, the ritual survived, and several
major Tremere chantries built new bronze heads when.
they found themselves at war with enemies. The ritual is

still muse today, its intrusive capabilities hardly eclipsed
by lie detectors or truth serum.

Fartive INTEGUMENT

The thaumaturge creates one specimen of a quasi-
‘Gargoyle called @ velluma (see p. 13). The rial takes
place in two steps First, the magician consecrates a series
gla flsks al beakers by seeking the bleng of flesh

elemental. Then she sends a swarm of the tiny, manufac-
tured insects called skin eaters (seep. 127) out to dine on
victim. When they do, much ofthe victin'sskin appears
in the glass apparatus. The thaumacurge now has the raw
materials o create a velluma. She flattens the skin with a
hot iton, taking care not to scorch it. Then she stretches
‘tour ontoa wireframe whose shape mimics the outline of
the human body. She summons spirits of illusion called
‘phantasens and induces onc to enter the flattened sheet of
skin, which it then animates.

‘This ritual was devised by Virstania in a convoluted
attempt to make further use of a previous creation, the
chin caters. She presented the first velluma as a gift to
Paul Condwood in a gesture of peace required when one
of her favored Gargoyles broke the neck of ane of his
apprentices. Though at first skeptical of the things'
utility. Cordwood now encourages h create them for

am. She doles them out generously, hoping to secu
Condwood's support when she one day petitions Ernis
and Tremere two extend greater rights to her Gargoyles.

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Occult (diffi-
culty 6) for the ritualist to make a form suitable for
animation, and then Charisma + Occult (difficulty 6) for
herto lure aphantasen. The velluma ives for six months
per success in the latter roll. Because much blood is
spilled by the victim of the skin eaters, the ritualist need
not supply any of her own,

Historical Note: Virstania takes her notes on the
manufacture of vellumae with her when she leaves
‘Ceoris. Modern Tremere do not know the ritual.

Leven Five Rrruats

Ar Our Commanp Ir Breatues

This ritual permits the creation of aGangoyle from the
dismembered. parts of slain Cainites and is the process
through which the firs of that line came into being. The
vampire (with assistants, if desired) takes fresh-cut por-
tions from the bodies of various victims and sews them
together intoa single humanoid form. She then sews asac
made from an aniimal's womb (usually from a cow but
sometimes sheep or deer) around her creation. The sac is
thensuspended nacask containinganalche
lent of the womb's waters or placed inside
specially prepared female Gargoyle for gestation. During
Period rangingfromone tothree months, the thaumaturge
‘oust periodically vist the gestating Gargoyle and perform
‘Various incantations and blessings. Ifshe is away from the
gestation chamber for more than a week at atime, the fetal
‘Gargoyle diesand cannot be revived. Finally the Gargoyle
either forces its way down the living mother's birth canal
cor bursts forth from its cask. The ritualist must be present
to waft purifying smoke onto the newborn Gangoyle. Any
other Gargoyles within half a mule instinctively sense the
impending birth of a new brother. They feel a powerful
Urge to flock to its side when itis born and lick the bodily
fluids off its skin. Although this custom helps bond the


‘Gargoyle to its new community iis nota requisite of the
ritual. A Gargoyle can be bom in isolation.

System: The thaumaturge sews together pieces of
CCainites inorder to form a fll humanoid shave and to
grant various capabilities to the new Gargoyle. The
correspondence of parts to capabilites is laid out in a
variety of ancient and arcane medical texts (forexample,
the heart provides courage and resolve, the eyes percep
tion and wisdom) but alsodepeads onsperific alchemical

;parations, Physical beauty is beyond the rituals capa-
ilities, though. All Gargoyles appeat stony and twisted.

The thaumaturge makes the ritual rll as che fetal sac
it put into gestation. The roll is Intelligence + Occult
(dificulty 9+ one for each donor after the first). An
unliving womb (suchas that of Alvusia, seep. 67) reduces
the difficulty by 4. A single success allows the creation of
a Gargoyle character buile according to the standard
character creation rules (see Book of Storyteller Se-
erets). The basic blood cost ofthe ritual isS points foreach
Cainite used in the Gargoyle's manufacture. Add an extra
5 points ifthe caster wants the Gargoyle to be fertile.

By devoting further yearsof research to the Gargoyle
arts, che thaumaturge may devise and construct variant
types like the hexaped, iecur or womb-bearerslike Alvusia
(sce pages 124, 125 and 67 for descriptions).

Historical Note: The Tremere cease making Gar-
soylesafterthe Slaves revolt, and, aspartof the Camarilla
Negotiations, promise never to revive the technique.
The instructions for the ritual have been hidden, but not
destroyed. Some suspect that the Gargoyle Fidus occa-
sionally makes use of them.

MauGn Humors

Over the years, Virstania, Malgorzata and Goratrix
have devised a series of rituals allowing them to formu-
lare magical humors. Al of these temporarily enhance
the capabilities of Gargoyles, but exact a toll! Later on.
Because these rather workaday rituals are low on
drama and visual interest, Storytellers should gloss over
the actual process of manufacture. Each riewal requites its
gn ist of exc ingrdints she rat naar whch
tothe Story ingredients correspond with
the tuture ofthe humor. For tzampe, Serpents Cruel
Milk, a humor that grants the use a poisonous bite, might
requite a live, poisonous snake, along with other toxins.
"The user can't just quaffa humor ashe would tankard
of le. He must submit toa transfusion in which,
considerable quantities of his vita are drained out with the
aid ofa large mechanical device. The vie isadmixed with
the humor, then transfused back into.acaptive victim, who
‘may be a human, Cainite or lage animal. (Hlumors using
the blood of Lupines or magi, whose blood has unusual
qualities, are likely to carry side-effects both unexpected
and unpleasant.) The Gargoyle then feeds on this temypo-
rary receptacle, drinking his own lost blood, some of the

victm'and the humo. The entre proces takes at lasts
hours. Receptacles lose hres heath levels. They may also
peep tote pad bev) pedi nature of the humor,
used repeat this, ose. (Those who
mame oor thaee times ake subject to the blood
cath.) The: ‘remains dormant in the user's system
tunel he wishes to make ws of its power. Then he speaks a
brief incantation which activates its inherent magic
‘Unless otherwise noted, only the player of the ritualist
poder silly oer pl roll. Seer
standard Intelligence + lt roll against a difficulty equal
14+ level. Asingle succes indicat the the vampire as

Fre Goan the hora ter Gears it inp the
Gargoyle: he." Gargoyle's player need
noc make aol unless oend, stration bu
athe Gargoyle can speak the peoperincantation.

Huroes exist in what Malgorzata cuphemistically
calls "a seage prior to perfection." In other words, theit
often it a great risk of serious
harm to their users. These drawbacks were built into the
tieunls in accordance tn the Law of Equilibrium, a Hee
metic principle which holds that any magical action is
erseituie opined by a comme tors By scouting
the ill-effects ofthe countervailing force, one can work
seronger magic. Humors are typically wsed only an Gat
goyles, however, and Virstania wants to make them safer
to protect her charges. This would entail creating new,
more advanced rituals of formulation based on the cur-
rent ones. The other thaumaturges, indifferent to
Gargoyle suffering, have moved on to other concems.

Although the Gargoyle creators have gone to no great
effort to hide the existence of the humors, not all
‘Cooris's residents know of their existence. Tho
believe thar they work only on Gargoyles. In fact, they
work perfectly well for other Cainites, too, However,
Goratrix decided to shield other Tremere from the temp:
tation of using the dangerous substances — forthe moment,
= ee No doube oe Priore suffi

ing to proenpe hin, Malgorata or Vis

aside any scrapes they abo, expecially if the re
a neonate, clan outsider or other low ranking dupe

LeveL ONE Humors

AMixture OF Just AcauiesceNce
This is not a humor unto itself, but a substance mixed
into another humor to ensure thatthe recipient follows the
‘commands of the ritualist supplying him. The ritualist
instructs the recipient in the details ofhismission ase feeds

receptacle. If, at any point during the admixture's
charac, the Gargoyle wishes to rectly contravene the (|
ritualis's commands, the player must make a Self-Control

¢¢ Instinct roll against a dificulry equal to the ritualist's
Willpower. Ifhe fails, the Gargoyle loses 1 bloe! point

turn unl he once again actin accordance with is
instructions. Nothing prevents the user from acting against
the spirit of the instructions. As long as he can make a


reasonable, literal interpretation tha suits is purposes, he
‘remains sae from its punishing effects.
Duration: One night per point in rituali's Willpower.
Dire Ci vest In some cows, the need toohey
the letter of the ritualist's instructions may prevent the user
from taking a necessary coune of action, either to save his
life oF succesfully complete his task. The admixture's
ators eliminated any risks the Law of Equilibrium might
re osed to themselves as beneficiaries of this magic.
Note: The Admixture of Just Acquiescence was
vised by Goratrix and is sometimes used by Malgorcata.
Virstania considers herself sufficiently well-loved by het
brood as to render unnecessary such coarse coercion.

Levet Two Humors
ALE or Trak REMEMBRANCE
Byactivatingthis humor asshe commences todevour
the brain ofa Cainite victim, the user guins his memories.
Upon completing her feast, she must roll Willpower
Giificulty 6); for each success she gains one decade's
of memories, starting at the present and moving
ds in time. She cannot gain memories lost to the
nw She ca recall to mind what the vit
. hearing, feeling and thinking at a specific
"The memories mont scceable to her are tose
atic events causing an emotional response in the
n. Moments of calm contemplation, such as the
fonof abook, are harder toreach. Conjuring up
anory requires the player to make an Intell
sgencerollapninas dificult bythe Storyteller Dramatic
‘events impose adificuley of 4 oreven lower, while precise
academic details impose a difficulty of 8 or higher.
Duration: Accessto the memories lasts for one hour
for each point of the ritualist's Willpower.
Dire Consequences: The memories of another are
aasitmple thing to meddle with; they ean root them-
selves in the user's consciousness, taking ona life oftheir
‘own, When the duration expires, the Storyteller makes
a sectet Road roll (difficulty 8) on the player's behalf If
she fails, the victim's memories arise to the Gargoyle's
mind unbidden. These overwhelmingly emotional
memories occur when the user can least afford disquiet
g distractions, and may increase the difficulties of a
Je variety of rolls. They might even provoke frenzy o
Ritichreck, The Gargoyle sufess a number of scpaats
flashbacks equal to the victim's Willpower.

Draueir or Mouren Fury
The user not
heat of combat, but wes his pain to fue!
ry blows against his attackers. After the Gargoyle
activates the humor's power, his player makes a Will-
rover rol (ficuly 7 each tie he es a health level
in combat. Ifsuccessful. the player ignores any new.
pool penalty and instead gains that same number of dice

for the purpose of his damage rolls. For example, if a

HOUSE OF TREMERE

Gargoyle goes from Mauled to Crippled, the player would
‘normally lose three dice, taking him from -2 dice to -5.1f
he succeeds at hisroll, he ores the los, and instead may
agely anadkitional hvee damage dice, Thisrertainyeven
he already succeeded at his previous Willpower rolls and
does not suffer an actual penalty. He may apply his dice
bonuses from Draught of Molter Fury reganiless of any
other limitations on the number of dice he may roll. Ifthe
Gargoyle reaches Incapacitated or below he sill falls
unconscious, enters torpor oF is destroyed, appropriate.
Duration: A number of turns equal to the
ritualist's Willpower
Dire Ci es: The humor only deters the
effects of injuries, which the exertions the user worsen.
When the humor's duration expites, all accumulated
penalties apply. The player must also soak against a
umber of dice equal wo the tou damage bonus he

enjoyed thanks to the humor.

Porto MartyRiim

The ter maycaune hicoun hruly toexplodeinaterihle
ruption of flaming flesh. He is immediately destroyed and
anyone within three feet of him suffers as if exposed to an
intense bonfire. Witnesses further away may be hit by
chunks of the user's burning meat, propelled as fr as thity
feet away. (The bystanders' players should roll Wits +
Doxige against a difficulty of 6 to avoid the chunks.) Thus,
the Potio Martyrium provides an ideal weapon for we in
suicide attacks. Although itis posible to force a victim to
drink the potion, or trick him intodoingso, ttisthe user who
must activate its power by wishing for death. Ie remains in
the user seytem fran inicinite time. Tht posite to
unknowingly drink of it and, decades later, explode after
focling a momentary uns towards suicide.

Duration: Instantaneous.

Dire Consequences: As noted above.

Note: The Potio Martyrium was devised by
Malgorzata. Virstania fights against its use whenever the
‘other Tremere propose it, but is sometimes overruled.

‘Tue Serpent's Cruet Mik

As the user feeds, he ces the blood he takes with
a corrosive poison which takes a lethal oll on his vietim.
‘The victim's player rolls Stamina (or Seamina + Fortitud
sfavallable) gains a difficulty equaltothcoriginalritualst's
Willpower. Victims who fail suffer one non-aggravated
wound per night until they die or go into wrpor, oF the
poiaon Lowes eflcivenn. A metal victim who br:
comes incapacitated by the poison may be kept from
slipping over the brink of death by a daily Medicine roll
{iicacy 8, cwo scores required.) The user's player can
spend a point of Willpower to prevent the victim from
suffering that night's wound, provided the Gargoyle tsinthe
victim'spresence. (This makesthe poison an ideal means by
which to threaten a victim into the user.) One
victim may be poisoned multiple times by the same (or
separate) wens, and suffer multiple wounds per night


the rinuals's Willpower. After the victim suffers its
poo lingers for duce times that numberof nights
ents in the
nan itop oF
this cnengy te

nwilling

ce the usefulness
fails, he
fhether
quent feed The
only lasts for one the

Leve. THREE Humors
Causnic Bur

exposed skin of # victim, exe
bil fect. Other than its mx application, its
as The Serpent's Cruel Mill. The pl

one Bene success te

effets are the sa
mustachieve

Duration: The user secretes the toxic substan
tum pet point ofthe ritualts's Willpower. Once
poison lasts for

y the posson.

for one
led, the
ce times that number

Dire Consequences: The Law of Equilibt
Gargoyle's p

means that hi «x the bile's poisoning

MEDICAMENT OF RESISTING FLESH

Invoking this hy
dread Tzimuce ability to craft a victim's flesh

a Fiend player's dic

éthe ntual
Virstania o quilibeiur
ust be
t within one mon
he thaumat
creator's Willpower u

Tue Tears or PHorsas
The wer
jampire: The Dark A\

SECRETS OF THE WORKSHOPS


Duration: Two turns for each point of the
rituali Willpower.

Dire Consequences: The humor increasesthe user's
‘esistance to sunlight by stealing some of his future
ability to withstand it. The user's player must make a
Revd roll (difficulty 7) when the duration ends. If she
fails, the difficulty ofher resistance during the Gargoyle's
next exposure to sunlight increases by the same amount
‘it was reduced on this occasion.

Levet Frve Humors

1M OF PerpeTuaTine VITAE

Whenever the user's player would otherwise spend
blood point, he makes a Willpower roll (Difficulty 8)
If successful, the humor causes the Gargoyles bones to
enerate a compensating quantity of blood, so chat his
blood pool remains unaltered

Duration: One night for each point of the
ritualist's Willpower.

Dire Consequences: The Law of Equilibrium ex-

® its toll in blood when the serum's duration ends.

Thereafter, the user gains only 1 blood point for every
two points of blood he drains from those he feeds on
The ill consequence lasts for the same duration as the
original humor. It may be staved off by taking another
dose of the Serum. When the duration of any dose of
the serum ends, the vampire also suffers raging hunger
for blood as the Beast rises in him. The player must roll
wavoid frenzy (difficulty 10) the next time he is before
sour
thisproblemby makingsurewhavea vecim around
sate the creature

RUM OF VAUNTED EXHORTATION

Effects The user more easily resists Roeschreck. The
difficulty of any Courage rolls is reduced by | for every
success scored by the ritualist's player when formulating
the humor,

Duration: Two turns for each point of the
ritualist's Willpower

Dire Consequences: In accordance with the Law
of Equilibrium, the serum creates a magical deficit
that the user must eventually repay. It provides him
courage in the present by stealing it from his future
self. The user loses I die when he next rolls Courage
without the humor'said. The penalty remains until he
fails a Courage roll.

VARIABLE LEVEL HuMors

IcHor oF Occutr TRANSMISSION

Effects The user may make one use of an individual
powerfroma Thaumarurgic path known tothe formulating.
ntualist. The ritualist must be able to use that power herself
The player makes a Thaumaturgy roll when the vampire
creates the ichor, a if actually unleashing the power. (At

f mortal blood. Gargoyle keepers get around

HOUSE OF TREMERE

her discretion, the Storyteller may make a secret roll on the
player's behalf.) This roll is applied against the relevant
difficulty when the user activates the humor.

Toget the level of this ritual. add 2 tothe level of the
path power it duplicates.

Duration: As per the power in question.

Dire Consequences: The blind use of magical powers
cohen cames a buildup of arcane energy around their ill.
trained user. These energies sometimes dissipate on their
own, but may discharge all at once ina manner that reverses
& wer's original success. The Stele harry —

fies + Occult rol (difficulty 6) on the Gargoyl's player's
behalf Filure eansthache will suffer abotch result forthe
[power in question before the end of the current story. The
‘Storyteller times the botch for maximum dramatic effect —
that is, to create the greatest possible woe for the user.

SPAWN OF
THE WORKSHOPS

The Gargoyle bloodline is one of the great testa:
ments to Tremere power and Tremere folly. This slave
nice is bor of the thaumaturgic melding of several
‘Cainite lines (Tsimisce, Gangrel and Nosferatu). It has
ttumed the tide of the war against the Fiends, but also
fuels theit hatred of the Usurpers

The nature of Gargoyles is, much like House Tremere
itself, sill in flux. They are Cainites, bt imperfect ones 28
Yet not fully self aware. Psychologically they experience a
very powerful, animalistic pack instinct. They protect each
ches. tow berth Tremere they consi thir es

Jeven partake in sexual mating. These couplings cannot
produce offspring, of cours, and scem to be more about
‘dominance and bonding within the pack than any pleasure.

‘The stony faced, bat-winged humanoid Gargoyle is
the culmination of a large amount of research and
experimentation. These peak specimens account for
about one third of all Gargoyles. The others are lesser
forms, deformed or deficient in one way or another. Most
‘of the peak Gargoyles can Embrace progeny and most of
the od cannot. The Tremere are still unsure about
how viable even the best Gargoyle's progeny is, and
Virstania has noted that childer are not as real
cepted into the pack as those emerging from the artificial
wombs in the labs. Because of this, she uses most chiller
as shock troops and prefers to pursue her artificial cre:
ation process, which not coincidentally, ensures her
position as the bloodline's creator and mother.

THE ROAD OF SERVICE

Gargoyles are thought by many Tremere to lack free
will. Accordingly, orso they think, the Gargoyles follow
them because the magic of the rituals that created them,
leaves them no other choice. In fact, the Gargoyles
follow a Road of their own, the Road of Service, which


happens to coincide with the interests of theit creators.
Later they will abandon it and seek independence from
the Tremere —ifnot from theirGreat Mother, Virstania.

‘The Road of Service, or Via Servilis, proclaims that
only actions which please and venerate the creators of
Gargoyle-kind are worthy of admiration. The Great
Mother, Virstania, isthe kindliest and most loving ofthe
creators, and she' must be hailed above all. But the
discant Goratrix and che intimidating Malgorzata must
bbe paid homage as well, Both the Great Mother and the
other creators decree that the purpose of the Gargoyles
isto follow the edicts of the Tremere clan. If they say it,

they would then do that. But until that day comes, glory
tnd honor redounds to those who carry out Tremere
orders with the greatest courage and exactitude. The
Tremere are the masters. To question them is fo spit in
the faces of the Great Mother and the Creators.
Gargoyles are ruled by powerful passions. Unlike
other vampires. they still feel sexual lust, the desite to
copulate with one another. They rage against their
infertility and plead with Virstania to give them the
means to breed other Gargoyles. They treat those they
Embeace as wolves do thei cubs, feeling a mighty in-
stint to protect their fledglings from the wrath of the
world. They seek one another's company, feeling com-
fort or even ecstasy in the presence of large numbers of

their brethren. Strong Gargoyles feel a great urge to
dominate weaker ones. The weak defer instinctively to

the strong. When an ambitious young Gargoyle sees the
dominant leader weakening, her greatest ute is to fall
‘upon him, rend his wings, bloody his face and seize the
mantle of leadership, Most especially, hough, Gar-
sgoyles eel an irrepressible, violent loathing for members
of the vampire clans from which their boxies were made,
Though their masters' orders in many ways permit
oyles to give frce rein to these passions, they
snctimes put service above instinct. This is where

ofa Tsimisce, even as hatred
a Sewer: Meccano ey onder
one's beloved whelps into danger, forbidding the Gar-
goyle to protect them. They may designate as leader a
Gargoyle considered weak by the restof the eytie. All of
these onders must be obeyed. Toive in tothese instincts
is co become a beast, thing
‘One dy the Garprtes will completly pove ther.
selves to the Masters, who will see that they have
conquered their passions and age worthy of full status as
equals. Then they will make their own new Road, or
choose the Roads true Cainites now walk. Or so the
Great Mother says. This day will only come ifGargoyles
mmastet the Road of Service. Any Gargoyle who strays
from fc betrays not only herself, but the others of her
erie. She deserves nothing but shame andl death

‘The Road of Service relies on the Virtues of Convic
tion and Instinct.

GRUESOME Hyprips

Viestania has also on occasion released hybridized
animals into the foothills surrounding Ceors. She claims to
oso tobolsterthe chantry' defenses. The savage ce
might attack intruders, she sas. alerting puankmen
Gargoyles. Esoara vehemently objects to her effort
the woods with freakish beast; he argues that they'
likely ro track his forces, who must patrol the woods every
night than the oceasonalinvader, Whenever Esoarapreaet
hiscomplaints, Curaferrum relays them to Ears, who may

GarGoyte Ken (New Ski |

Gargoyles are ike self-willed, intelligent beings
in some ways, and like pack animals in others. They
instinctively hate Cainites belonging tw the class
their constituent parts were harvested from and
revere theitcreatorsasnearalivine entities. To avoid
accidentally provoking them to frenzy, those who
deal with them must understand their pe
toms. Gargoyles obey Tremere other

ohms care cc cae Moshe
Alehough le rebellious now chan they will lacs
become, Gargoyles may still balk at i
iciven them by superiorsignorunt of th
ee thei apatonstosseater things Tho |
most adept at dealing: with
‘their instructions with the easiest fee |
Hier! cpt tari aedltal
mater of precedence beowen thle
Novice: Youcanconyerse with aOangoyle
without making it want to kill you.
Practiced: If authorized by Virstanta i
five onders to Gargoyles, they will warily
follow senableseeeunginsinictions.
Competent: IF you've been outhorize! by
Virstania, Gargoyles will follow even you
unusual orders.
Expert-Gangoylesassume simply from
bearing that youhavebeen yi iestiania's
blessing to order them About
Master; Gansovles wail risk their iv
Legend: Gargoyles recognize y\
creator and gexkless
Possessed by: Ceoris's leading Cainites; its cap:
tain and sengean
Specialties; Guard Duty, Lab Assistance
Patrols, Raids


and gently ask her todkesist. When chided, Virstania stops

3 — for a time
onsidered releasing

fally dangerous a cre
te rinks aw
thwands. A corene assigned to serve the masters of

‘Cooets might face thistask asa test of itsskill and loyalty

led to their creation w.

would be ro the enemy, the
party wookl face in transpoeting it

h the ritual th

mals produced by m
can't Embrace and donot sufferthe
+t can they be Embraced.

CHITTERER

The chitterer is made up of the hindquarters of two
wolves; they face together and meet in the middle. The
surface ofits hairless, pinkish body ts covered in dozens of
squawking bird The thing feeds by pecking seeds
-cesible of these haphacanly-

the cheeps made by each beak are

g- Bu semnething
scan preyon the
remsinthesquawk

they begin tohear
wd in their mother tongue. Before
hheanngcomplete sentences, mock:
ingly enumerating theie sins and crimes. The knowledge
theydraw on dees not seem to come only from the victim's
thoughts. Somehow the chittering voices seem to know

put the cacophony
sscan't help buthes

much lor

plec exposed wa chittrer ant vst frenzy

Chitterers use theit beaks to feed, pecking for seeds,

2 and edible shoots. However, they can't feed fast
enough to nourish themselves and thus also sustain theit
bexdics by absorbing the stray magical energies permeat
ing the area around Ceoris.

Mendacamina, ever the wrathful punisher of sins,
sometimes uses chitteters to soften up prisoners
interrogation. She looses one snto a prisoner's cel, after
making sure that her subject is restrained and unable to

3c ple with hiem
‘on a mission into Timisce territory, but they escaped on
the way home and still lurk in the foothills of C
They reproduce by laying eqs; each hindquarter can
fertilize the egys of the other.
ve conducted an experiment in which
rasforced todrink achitterersbbloc
imitation Malkavia

Attrihatess Secength 1, Dexterity 1, Stamina |
Perception 1, Wits 1

Health Levels: OK, -1, -3, 5, Incapacita

Attack: None, but forces rll against fe

10 turns of exposure to é

Abilities: Doxge 5, Stealth 2

Blood Pool: 3, Willpower: 2

Historical Note: Chitterers die out a few hundred
years after Cooris's destruction. By chat time, the strange
‘magical aura ofthe place has dissipated. Without it, they
starve to death,

Road Rating
10 Disobeying the direcr onder of the Great Mother

Minimum Wrongdoing for

given by nb Great Mother
Disobeying any master

Disobeying the direct onder of another Creator

Disobeying a direct onder of a Tremere master
Le ir i spa

HIERARCHY OF
mnscience roll

Rationale
Virstania is your goddess: to defy her is the
grossest of sacrileges.

We owe honor to those who assisted the
Great Mother in our creation.

The masters know better than we, and may
choose our commanders.

I is craven to disappoint the Great Mother,
doublyso tosift her wondsforexcusestofail her
‘Without the masters and their pyramid of
authority, we would not exist.

Fauling to purush an insult against the masters
Failing to avenge a crime against che masters
Remarking on the fallibilty of the masters

Shirking an opportunity to suffer injury
ji battle wich the masters' foes

Shirking an opportunity to die gloriously
while following orders

Toallow direspectofthe maers sto gee witht
If foes do not fear us, we are worthless.

It is not out place to question those
greater than ourselves

To shed blood on the battlefield i to show
the depth of your devotion.

The masters gave usourlives:itisftting that
we should someday give them back.


REAPER

The Rea ed fortwo large, scything forelimbs
perfectly engineered for decapitation, is a man-sized
Mest with aconcarenation of outing hing rat heads
where its face should be. Withered, flightless wings fold
beneath its soot-black carapace. Ithunts at night, prey-
ing on creatures as small as foxes and as large as bears.
ets live in cramped burrows that they dig in loose
If threatened with serious injury, @ reaper can
squish itself down and disappear into a burrow, should
‘one be nearby. Itcan quickly collapse its exoskeleton 50
that its body becomes no thicker than two feet at its
widest point. They're aftid of fire, arrows and the ching
of metal swords.
risa prime example of Virstania's misguided:
end the chantry by releasing uncontrolled,
wures intuthe wikls. Alchough the chings are.
dificult two exterminare, they seem little interested in
‘expanding their range. Perhaps they can only survive with
the aid of the stray magical energies thae surround the
chantry. Occasionally Eroara discovers a ncat of thee andl
sends a troop of soldiers and Gargoyles tw exterminate
them. One time he found aburrow containingover adacen
cf the things. Should he happen to find himself in com:
mand of, say, a group of young vampires sent to Ceoris 9
serve its masters, he might well send them on an extermi-
pation mission as preliminary test of their mettle. If they
prove themselves against the reapers, they might indeed be
ready for the terror of the Tremere-Tsimisce
Attributes: Scrength 3, Dexte 5, Stamina 5,
Perception 5, Wits 2
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1

3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: scythe-like forelimbs, 8 dice of

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Doge 2,
Stealth 3

Blood Pool: 10. Willpower: 5

Historical Note: The Tremere'sformermortal vassals in
the nearby villages wait a suitable interval after the destruc
tion of Ceoris and then systematically hunt these dangerous
‘creatures out of existence. None survive ta the molem day

Skin Eaters

Tocreate the skin eaters, Virstania used the Populating,
Night's Garden ritual to create tiny flea-like insects with
glurtonous appetites. She gestated them in casks filled with
the blood of her Gargoyle assistants. They thereby became
ghouled to the Gargoyles in whose blood they'd grown,
Under Virstania's watchful eyes, the Gargoyles trained the
sreatures w obey sitaple commands, creating & voraciots
flea circus with a hunger for skin instead of the usual blood,

A skin eater is almost too small to be seen with the
naked eye; it looks like a speck of red pepper, Under
snuagifying, leroes, an observer can sce that they are red

ites with oddly outsized jaws. Unlike some of her other
laboratory creations, Virstania keeps the skin caters well
controlled. A sealed jar full ofskin eaters makes a fearsome
weapon. Therimne and Paul Cordwood use dacen against
enemies when they wish to spare their minions the risk or
inconvenience of adirect assault. Skin eaters also provide
auplend meas cf nkng an cnemy cut of abo.
The user need merely sneak up to the building, cav
trench in which the enemy is ensconced. He lob in the jar
of skin eaters and runs for his life, hopin that none of the
tiny creatures get a whiff of his own flesh.

Skin eaters navigate almost en
sniff out mammals, mortals and C
a fifty yards. They swarm tow.
flesh. If they succeed in contacting bare flesh, they api iy
course their way across the victim's body, stripping it of its
outer layers of skin in a matter of moments.

Neither Beawl nor Melee skills are of use when skin
eaters attack. Sometimes it ts possible 1 aswarm. A
swarm travels at a speed of about 26 yands a minute. Skin
eaters don't fly while attacking or otherwise feeding, but
quickly skitter up, down and across a
complex the terrain, the slower they move in absolute
terms. A table turned on its side might delay them
‘enough for a potential victim to get a several-tun head
start, for example. Naturally, ifthe fleeing prey is stopped by
obstacles of his own, the skin eaters can catch ap to hit.

Water or other licasids slow the wn, Direct
contact with acid, ngoil or extreme cold kills
them immediately. It is difficult but possible
entire swarm at on. w dropping a large object such as
a large slab of flooring marble down on them. Other
exotic methods of killing skin caters no doubt exist

Contact with the swarm results in the los of 1 Iealth
level pertumn until the victim is Mauled, at which point the

lybysmell;theycan
ites from as far awry


he ritual


handled by the target under the hexaped's chest. Soon a
puckered sphincter in the chest winks open, disgorging a
‘worm shaped appendage protected by a sharp, chitinos
carapace. The: asequipped with sensory organs
that look like nostrils but in fact read the victim's aura the
residue of which still lingers on the proffered object. After
xetting a good whiff, the hexaped skiters away. Instine-
tively able to open doors, worry away at locks and skitter
pax guards, it overcomes whatever obstacles lie between
it and the intended victin. Its tracking powers, though
not infallible, far exceed that of any normal creature. By
constantly sniffing the air for traces of is quarry's aura, it
can zero in on her fr hurleeds of miles away. By
preference, it travels along ceilings while indoors. Out-
doors it prefers treetops, high cliffs and mountainsides.

‘When threatened, itsoverwhelming instinct isto flee.
Wie cscapes punuers, i hides for « while and then resumes:
‘ty hunt. If given no choice but to fight, i launches itself
belly-irstat its enemy. Its only weapon is its chest append-
tage, which is hand enough to punch through medium
armor. Ie tries to burrow its cherp appendage into the
victim's chest, from which it sucks blood.

‘When it finally confronts its quarry, it reaches up with,
cone of its forward hands and rips out ‘the leather thong
holding the cove halves ef haa ogee The face opens
«upasithinged. The hexaped then ejaculates foamy massf
tissue from its exposed brain onto the victim. Having forged
‘powerful pyychic link with the victim itthen retreats. With
an indomitable homing instinct, st heabhack tothe point at
which asin apie wth sunset eo
home is only slightly hampered by the periodic clapping
togetherofitsskull halves. layerof eaves, oil pine neues
and other detritus may gather on its exposed bean, bur this
doesn't pose a serious impediment, either.

Like a delighted dog returning a stick to its master,
the hexaped seeks out its creator. Instead of a reward, it
faces a terrible betrayal. The thaumaturge orders reluc-
tant henchmen to grapple with and immobilize the
hezaped, and then to bese i to a wpeciall-equipped
chamber for the Ichor of the Hexaped ritual (see p. 113).

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5,
Perception 5, Wits 2,

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-

Incapacitate.

Attack: Hand-to-hand attacks do normal damage
Head appendage does 8 dice but stops attacking after a
successful hit, instead draining 3 blood per turn.

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Stealth 7,

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Potence 2, Fortitude 3.

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 5

Historical Note: The Tremere create few hexapeds
after the Camarilla forms but keep records of the rituals
requiredtocreate them in severalof their older chantries,
including Vienna

Tecur

The good thing about iecur is that they can be mage
from the scraps left over from regular Gargoyle construc-
tion. The bad thing ix that the result iesoutrerly loathsome
that even other Gargoyles can't look at them without a
sense of nausea. An iccur isa six-foot tal, shambling pile
of innards, organs and viscera. Vaguely shaped like a cone
sitting on its base, the surface of an secur is festooned with
dovens of wet, flapping livers and bladders. The tecur
grows extra livers and bladders during the gestation pro-
only six or0 of each might be sewn into the

fetal sac, dozens appear by the time the creatures are full
grown. fecur (the term is both plural and singular) don't
speak but show signs of intelligence, such asthe ability t0
respond to complex orders. They can even reinterpret
their instructions when confronted with new circum-
stances. However, they are chictly governed by an
‘overwhelming instinct to devour the flesh of vampire
and will act on ic unless given ironclad instructions to the
contrary. Given a choice of victims, they prefer Cainites
of the clans from which their parts came. They'll digest
ghouls, mortals or other Gargoyles if threatened by them,
but initiate attacks against these less appetizing beings
only on orders or when ravenously hungry

The icuur cars by pushing up against the victim and
cenvelopingher. When posuble, it traps its victim up against
wall or other hard surface and then pushes itself onto and
around her. If no suitable surface presents itself, the secur
attempts to snag one ofits victim's limbs with atopy loop of
intestine, and then pull the victimup toi. Iethen draws the
victim inside its body, for maximum contact with its hur
dreds of bile ducts. Each duct releases lange quantities of a
powerful digestive acid which immeshately begins toroluce
the victim's body intoa mushy paste. Hundeedvof intestinal
loops then absorb the puste. The digestive fluid blinds if it
‘gets into the eyes. Its powerful smell often triggers aprimor-
dial serse of terror, as victims instinctively realize they're
being digested. ln Cainites, this teror triggers Rotschreck.

Fortunately for Tremere foes, iecur move slowly
except on flat surfaces. Fallen branches, rocks, slopes and
other common features of outdoor terrain put them at
‘car standstill. Virstania keeps them inside Ceoris. They
don't patrol outside of go on raids. On rare occasions the
clan has shipped tecur to other chantries to perfor
guard duties in theit forbidden basements. To transport
a jecur, one must put it in a lead-lined coffin and te:
itto its destination as freight. (The lead lining stops the
iccur's digestive acids from leaking through the casket
and destroying it.) lecur die if not fed 10 pounds of fresh
‘meat per day. They become alternately listless and vols
tile unless a quarter of that meat comes from a Cainite
Fortunately, they can store up whatever magical sub
stances they derive from devouring Cainite meat, Each
blood point possessed by a vampire victim allows the
fccur to go for one day without further Cainite flesh


races a mortal from the
» make food for her iecur. She
knows that Etrius would disapprove of this and therefore

keeps ita secret from her fellows. She occasionally experi
mentson the tecurin hopes offindinga way toreduce their

‘onerous food requirements, but has made no progress.
Though bizarre, the iecur are, like standard Gar
They vulnerable to fire

and sunlight as any
Attributes: Serength 5, Dexterity 1, S
eption 1, Wits I
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1
Incapucitated.
make success
done 30, it
then strips its victim of ane health level and one blood
int per subsequent tum, no further rolls required. Fora
release herself from enveloping iecur, the player
Il Strength + Brawl. If rapped up againse a wall, «
victim hasno way out of its grip, and must hope she (orher
allies) can kill it before it reduces her entirely to paste
Abilities: Ale awl 8
Blood Pool: 10, Willpower:

pnings to digest its victim, Hav

ness 3,

HOUSE OF TREMERE

Historical Note: The iecur remain
the other Gargoyles decan
guardians of its darkest comers. All of Ceoris's iecur are
destroved along with the chantry itself in 1476.

‘SimwuLacruM

Virstania occasion:
of one of the vampires from which its body is made. The
resulting creature looks lke a rough, unfinished version of
the original Cainite, but chinks and acts like a Gargoyle
‘A simulacrum won't pass close inspection by the original'
intimates, but may successfully carry on an imaposture with
dhune who knew tlre Caine in

Cooris after
and continue to serve as

only. Simulacraare sometimes provided by Paul Condwood
with false identities and wsed in his plots. Hee might, for
le, send a Nosferatu sim to infiltrate a
parley between me
backgrounds usually el
braced in a fardistant land by a since-destroyed sire
Simulacra, whose thoughts can be slow, aren't well suited
them assume that they'll be quickly found out. Often he
expects them merely to get inside an enemy
quick action and then flee. They may be ass
serying devices. steal documents or make tash assassina
tion attemprs. Sometimes Cordwood uses them purely t0
demoralize his enemies, most often by
convert aspecial foe's capruted protégé ti
then sending her back to her mentor, He does t
toexact an emotional tol from his er
Lillis beloved ally. Simulacra are tougl
act can take a while
Simulacea are the most sorrowful. and lonely
Gargoyles. They relucky ifthe common Gargoyles merely
shun them. To a Gargoyle, they look and smell like
Gangrel, Nosferatu or Tsimisce. Simulacra, wishiryg noth
ing more than to be with the rest of the pack,
scounged by this rejection. As they wait for instructions,
they si in cheir dim chamber, forlornly listening to the
excited yelps and growls of the nearby Gargoyle pen.
‘Occasionally an acidic tear drops from an eye, to stain
the rough sheets chat cover theit beds.
Cordwood and Virstania work to conc
wlacea the degree to
pendable. The lonely cte
od to perform a great
ators. The simulacra look forward to these assign:
ments with a mixture of dread and anticipation. They
hope that they will be destroyed and freed from their
mperable half-cxistence, but are possessed
strong instinct for survival, whi
performing the
injured, they disc
00 difficult to slay

ind this horrific

from the
nsidered ex

hey've been
nd noble sacrifice for their

accursedly
h prevents the
duties with suicidal intent. When first

vet to their chagrin that they are all

Cordwood has no way of knowing for sure that every
simulacra he's sent off to its doom has in fact died. Ie is


ly possible that a few of them have chosen not to
return tw Ceoris after successfully completing their tasks
for him. If these individuals exist, they're likely seeking
some kind of solace of meaningful existence

Simulocra look like grotesque exagge
former selves. Facial features

ms of their
nd swollen. All
body hair beaches out and must be crudely dyed to
the original's appearance. L

ws the crowns of their skulls, showing where

sins were cut out and tampered with. Scars also

g the

«sos. The simulacra's skin is white and.
tet how robust the original's complexion.
ave seemed. The creature's flesh either putts outor
develops saggin, sets of skin which hang limply off
body. Joints swell, gums recede from teeth and eyelids
shrink, leaving the simulacra with a pop-eyed loo
ributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina.
Manipulation 1, Appe
Intelligence 1, Wits 2.

Health Levels:
Incapscicated

Abilities: Acting |, Alertness |, Athletics 2, Brawl 5,
Dodge |, Subterfuge 1, Melee 5, Seealth 2, Survival 2.

Blood Pool: 10, Willpower: 3.

If you already knune the statistics of the original Cainite
ocial Attributes to 1. Subtract 3 from Intelligence

reduc

Abilities anal
Willpower

UMA
Virstania and Fidus engage in long se
as to whether the vellumae are (
monsters. A velluma is made from stolen tissues, but it
{on formed through tie wea Nor need tts donors
be Cainites. On the other hand, they are harmed by
sunlight and flee from fie, like any C
‘A velluma is made from flesh devoured by sk
(sce p. 123), which is harvested into a sct of flasks int
Virstania's labs whenever they strip a victim. It is mart
shaped, but entirely flat, consisting of a sheet of skin no
thicker than a piece of parchment. Si
through it. Itcan stretch or contract is form. By expand
structures, itcan become n kite
tosoar on the winds, Most vellumae lack any sign.
of facial features on their f J heads; a few display
squished, grinning features frazen in an eternal ictus.
The Tremere value their ability to penetrate other
wise impregnable places. A velluma can fold itself up
intoasquare afew inc oss and a quarter-inch thick
Itcan flow under a doorway or between the planks that
make up a floor. Almost any room offers a velluma a
plethora of hiding places: it can flatt
drawer, even hide someon
They therefore serve as ideal spies.
Vellumae are often equipped with scrying devices and

antic debates
1 hybrid

sent out to follow Tremere enemies
Although le of speech, vellumae are intelli
gent. Ifformed from the skin ofa literate person, they can,
write. Thus it is possible to s
a scrying device. It can instead write a re
ies. Moat often the velluma will do th
Paul Ce

Ceoris. In some circumstance
has made arrangements for a v
enemy territory, occasionally leaving sts reports at
predetermined site. Other members of his network of
watchers then retrieve the document and arrange for i
to be conveyed to Ceoris.

Vellumae are easily damaged and ordinarily possess
no means of hi k them. This def
ciency can be remedied with a humor, particularly Caustic
Bile (see p. 119). The Serpent's Cruel Milk is sometime
used, but is rarely useful in combat because the vellumac
find it difficult t bite opponents in the midst of battle
before being torn to shreds. When discovered, they typi
cally flee, risingup with surprising speed to lope off into the
night in a scrics of long, op

g strides

A velluma feeds by laying itself up against its victim'

skin, Ie draws blood throu
sown. The velluma redden'
immediately after a

tim's pores and
d swells slightly
ularly ordi.

SECRETS OF THE WORKSHOPS


Because wellumae are uncommunicative, it is diffi-
cult to know what they think about o which emotions
they feel. Their reports don't reveal much about this

ine reads hetween the lines, a sinister
lity fo move unseen feces ewok
parent, They may feel a sort of contempt
for those they 9p specially those from whose
A velluma formed from Tsimisce
ow a special enthusiasm for spying on
for example. A few have escaped from the
put still

ength 1, Dexterity 5, Stamina 2,
ception 3, Intelligence 1; Wits |
Health Levels: OK, -2, -5, Incapacitated.
Abilities: Ac
Dodge 4. Melee 1
Blood Pool

Mortar Macics

Even in Ceoris, mortal magi still walk the halls.
These sorcerersare past their prime and see many oftheit
ting to fail, but they are not without their

The following section provides some ways to

ortal "sof the Tremere in a Vampire: The

Tremere magic sa subset of hermetic magic as practiced
by the diverse and fractious Order of the Hermes. The order
‘exists because it allows its members to (imperfectly) share
their understanding and lear from one another. The order
in general, and the Tremere more specifically, rely on form
lhe and complex incantations to accomplish workings. They
follow instructions in tomes; they prepare alchemical salves,
they insenbe ancient symbols in circles of power. The
Tremere are notoricnsty pragmatic in their outlook andl their
sorcery systematic andalmentscientific in character. S
ate sill surmmoned and chants chanted, but ie is with the
attitude of an engineer working a grand machine.

nd many other hermetic follow a dizzying

of paths with Latin names. These names generally

bine what sorts of things they do (techniques) and
what they do it to (forms). The most common techniques
are control (Rego), creation (Creo), destruction (Pendo),
perception (Intéllego) and transformation (Muto.) Forms
are far mote varied and often vary from magus to magus;
common ones include the body (Corporem), earth
(Terrarn) and the senses (Imagonem). Iris from these arts
that the paths of Thaumaturgy derive and get their names.

Mortal Tremere also use a dizzying array of rituals,
which function largely like Thaumaturgy rituals —
although they are not so absolutely reliant on blood.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

By Any Orner Name

Troe Mage, magus, hedge wizanl, sorcerer, witch
The names are endless and the distinctions langely
meaningless. Despite asertions of a hierarchy of |
‘worth amongthore capable ofsuperarural workings, |
from a vampire's perspective (and from Vampire:
‘The Dask Ages! pergective they ant all wizards
Some are powerful; others. aren't, but theré is no
grand commological difference berween them

OF coun, a ituygs of Howe Tremere is not

J) indisunguishable fromamllagewise-woman, buewhat

makes House Treiméat spicual as a whole isits organi
zatjon and systemanic teachings, not sofmeinberent
sehetn 5 "trve mages. Te Tremetoparicipiee inthe
lange Order of" they-teve carries andl
libwares they teach apprentices and rece dhe find-
ings. Thof select only the most ited to he in their
rrumber. That is what makes them special. |

(fel, for thoseewith an interestin the whole
smpetar- game perspettive of the World Darkness,
the fet is thaein the 12th century thie system of
magical spheres,-iehich is the basis af as"trve
minge's" power, hash't been developed. Suche
tinctions only occur later and even then they are
somewhat tenuous — and totally irrelevant to a
game about vampires

SYSTEMS

Players in Vampire: The Dark Ages portray vampires,
not mages, so Storyteller can wea lowe structure ro adj
cate the effects of mortal magic. Nevertheless, those who
‘want toroleplay the time beforea Tremere's Embrace or wish
tobeconsistent with mortal Storyteller characterscanure the
following options to represca the arcane magics of the
Tremere. Those who wish to use more elaborate systems
designed with player' characters in mind can consult Mage:
‘The Ascension, the Mage supplement Sorcerer, Revised
Exton or Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade.

Note that in all cases, the ability touse these various
‘magical powers vanishes with the Embrace, although the
underlying knowledge does not.
sinc Hence Macic

Liege, Lord and Lackey details rules for so-called
hedge magic used by mortals. While that supplement
implies that those paths are somehow inferior to the arts
‘of "crue mages," that distinction is largely meaningless.
‘The Tremere simply have access to multiple paths and at
fairly high levels. While the correlation between the
‘established hedge magic paths and Tremere combina-

‘ons of techniques and functions is not quite perfect, it
is hardly an insurmountable hurdle. Storytellers should,
feel free to adjust the paths to better suit the Tremere


style and give them suitably Latin names (Perdo
Corporem for Infliction, for example)

sine THAUMATURGY ‘

‘The various paths of Thaumaturgy almost all derive
from older hermetic arts and paths, converted and trans-
formed to blood magic by the Cainites among House
Tremere. Assuch, it's perfectly viable to use these paths
with mortal Tremeee magi, with a few modifications

The basic system for use of the paths is the same as for
‘vampires, save that a mortal magus' player spends a point
of Willpower instead of a blood point. She still rolls
Willpower against a dificulty of power level 3. Some
paths concemed with the vampiric condition, such as
Rego Vitae and Rego Magica, ae unavailable to mortals.
Most thaumaturgy rituals are also available in slightly less
sruesome forms (and at the Storyteller' discretion).

Vis

Another reason magi of House Tremere (and other
hermetic orders) achieve more than those they deni-
grate as hedge wizards is a consistent access to the rare
substance (or substances) called vs. The true nature of
14s isthe subject of much debate, but ic seems to be the
potential for power made tangible. Much like lowly
timber and charcoal is capable of fueling great fires, vs
appears rather mundane to the untrained eye but can
power magnificent magical workings. It magnifies and
accentuates the sorcerer's will in the same way that a
lever accentuates a workman's strength.

Vis appears in a variety of forms, most often tied to
‘one of the classical elements. Precious gems may be us of
the earth, rarefied mists vis of the air, and so on. The
‘organs of exotic creatures and the fruits of nearly extinct
trees can also provide forms of vis. In days past, vis was
plentiful. Now it is rarer and rarer and moral magi fight

‘over dwindling supplies. Mose importantly, vs is the key
ingredient inthe various immortality potions and rites
that keep hermetic magi young. Ie is their increasing
failure that has sent the house to vampirism.

In game terms, vis serves a mortal magus as a store of
Willpower that can be spent on magical effects. This
Willpower can be spent to power the effect as need be
and to purchase automatic successes in those effects. It
‘cannot be used to power non-magical feats and does not
effect the magus' actual Willpower rating.

Quick AND Dirty Masi

Ifyou wish to use mortal magi as Storyteller characters
beyond those provided in Chapter Five, you can use the
following guidelines to give them game statistics depend.
ing on their status. Knowledges are almost always the

primary Abilitiesand older magi rarely have high Physical
Attributes, especially with the increasing failure of her-

metic youth potions. The first two templates are appropri
ate options for player character before their Embrace.

Apprentice (Age 20): Attributes (6/4/3dots); Abili
ties (11/7/4 dots); Backgrounds (5 dots): Paths (1 dot):
Vireues (7 dots); Freebies (21); Vis 0

Young Magus (Age 35): Attributes (7/5/3 dots):

Abilities (13/9/5 dots); Backgrounds (5 dots); Paths (5
dots): Virtues (7 dots): Freebies (15): Vis 10

Accomplished Magus (Age 60): Attributes (85/3
dots); Abilities (21/12/7 dots); Backgrounds (10 dots);
Paths (10 dots); Virtues (7 dots); Freebies (15); Vis 20

Aging Master (Age 100): Aceributes (8/5/3 dots);
Abilities (25/15/10 dots); Backgrounds (10 dots); Paths
(20 dots); Virtues (7 dots); Freebies (15); Vis 30

Tre Dearn or Macic
AND OTHER FALLACIES
The Tremere went searching for another route
to power and immortality after they discovered
that magic was dying. Vis was becoming less plen-
tiful, their workings and wards were beginning to
fail, and most ofall they were starting to age anew
It's a great testament to Tremere hubris that they
would ever think that mg

itisaconception
forces of creation

‘vampirism,
yuan magi as fools
worth it are to be

wither and die. The
tic magico vanish
shifts, others survive.

gonatism to

age togrow.

Inthe modem nights, the Order of Hermesand,
Clan Tremere are still around. But any common
ground they might have shared has long since
eroded away.



9)
ee,
LS

(-

@
fos
ve

err



merchant class, they cansee the cty'swealth. Merchant's
gold draws people to the city from all over Europe, filling
Paris wich prey. Goratrix's underlings have Embraced a

pair of prominent members of the marchandisé de l'eau,
the mercantile guild that owns the city's main port.
Given considerable autonomy by the king, they take
proud credit for the city's good fortunes.

Goratrix has himself made ghouls of several influen-
tial courtiers to King Philip Il (also known as Philippe
Auguste), one of the more redoubeable men to wear the
French crown. Joining a Cainite alliance favorable to
the king, he helped Philip bring rival nobles to heel,
freeing him to fight the English kings Henry Il and then
Richard the Lion-Hearted for control of Normandy.
Using his church connections, Goratrix recently agi-
tated for Philip's participation in the Third Crusade.
‘Goratrix sent retainersto the war in hopes of uncovering
secret lore concerning Saulot and the Salubei. Although
Philip returned to France after a year of uneasy alliance
with hisrival, KingRichand, Goratrix learned the names
‘of many surviving Salubri and their hiding places through-
out the Mediterranean region. He now intends to track
them down in hopes of extracting information useful to
‘Tremere. Depending on the nature of these hypothetical
secrets, he will either use them to win back Tremere's
favor of to blackmail him into handing over Etrius to
face final comeuppance.

Minions oF GorATRIX

‘The only mortal magi left in the Paris chantry are
those who come for brief visits. Even they should guard
their necks at night because Goratrix continues to Em-
brace, orallow others to do so, ata pace that would shock
‘most other Cainites. Hiscastellan, Lucubratio,enthusias-
ically furthers Goratrix'spolitical intrigues and has himself
Embraced half adozen prominent Parisians. A gourmand
inmoreal life, this moist lipped former mage now indulges
hisconnoisseunhip with human blood, which he analyzes
with the same rigor he once applied to fine wines. He
neglects the night-to-night operations of the chantry,
leaving them to his ghoul, Isabella, who produces what
Lucubratio claims to be the finest-tasting blood in all of
France. Isabella's contributions to the chantry's success
shouldhave eared heran Embrace by now. but Lucubratio
resists, and has 30 far convinced Goratrix to heed his
wishes. He ests thathe doesn't want to lose her fine blood
(since, as a full Cainite, she will no longer produce any)
but really worries that her blood oath to the Tremere
pyramid would overpower the one he holds over her. In
that case, he can imagine her quickly eclipsing him sf
<levated to full status. Lucubeatio takes a special interest
inchurch affairs and is Goratrix's primary expert on them.

Goratrix must order the killing of many magi who
react unfavorably to the Embrace. His lieutenant in this

matter is the icy-voiced Frondator. A tall, thin-boned
woman, the casually sadistic Frondator became entitely
hairless after her Embrace. She uses a large collection of
wigs to regularly change her appearance. Though useful
in hunting escaped neonates, she adopts the hairpieces
mostly for fashion's sake

Goratrix leaves alchemical research tothe scholarly,
socially-backwards Lectora, whose chronic lack of tact
would have gorten her slain long ago were it not for her
master's protection and her blindness to chantry in
trigues. She even-handedly dispenses supplies and
laboratory time to those chantry residents sill interested
in magical inquiry,

‘Orlando Oriundus is a moon-faced, elderly former
mage known for his outrageous claims. For example, he
says he once developed a ritual to travel backwards
time and spent time as factotum to Alexander the Gr
Goratrix Embraced him despite his obvious charlatanry
‘AsaCainite, he showed acumen he'd never displayed in
life. He became Goratrix's closest adviser on mortal
politics. He says that as an accomplished liar, he can
tunerringly nose out the deceptions of others, Orlando
has adopted a false identity as the Burgundian monk
Brother Osvaldus. In this euise. he accompanies wealthy
pilgrims, accumulating gossip useful to Goratrix's schemes.
‘As Osvaldus, he went with King Philip tothe Holy Land,
where he discovered the list of Salubri names. Goratrix
has come to greatly value Orlando's counsel, but also
‘wants to install himasarleastafrequent visitor to Ceoris.
If anything ever happens to his protégé, Malgorzata,
Goratrix wll cerainly try to send Orlando to replace her
as his agent in Etrius's midst

Marcel of Dreux, a buttle-hungry knight, went with,
‘Orlando on the Third Crusade. En route, he protected the
king during a bandit attack, earning a land grant that he
tumed over to the chantry. Originally Embraced as a
dispensable minion, Goratrix now regrets having fed him
too much antfcial vite (see p.134). The potion has eaten,
away at Marcel'sreason, and he finds himself perpetually on
the verge of uncontrollable rage. Even with this drawback,
Goraerix highly values both his ability in melee and his
acute sense of danger. He recently saved Goratnx' life from
a pack of ghouled war dogs, single-handedly downing
dozen of them. Goratrix has ordered Lectora to find a way
to reverse the maddening effect of ariicial vitae on him.
Meanwhile, Marcel grows increasingly restless, sipping out
cof the chantry at night in search of simple, physical trouble
to distract him from his accelerating lunacy

‘The Moorish wizard Remugio joined the house of
‘Tremere a decade ago after being exiled from his home-
land. (He adopted his Latin mage name after that time
although he'd been schooled by Arabic magicians.) He
speaks with a deep, bellowing voice which, when al:
lowed itsfull volume, intimidateseven,Goratix, Remugio

SHADOWS OF CEORIS


bitterly resented his surprise Embrace when it first came
but kept his anger wisely to himself, He continued his
researches and kept his eyes open. Although he isn't part

of Goratrix's circle, neither is he seen as a threat
Remugio travels to Vienna every other year or so, and
+has made quiet contacts with members of the conserva-
tive faction there. He secretly sends letters to Vienna
reporting on Goes tivities These are then,

along to Etrius at Ceoris. Although his allies within the
clan make him feel more secure, Remugio has grown

disenchanted with the Tremere in general and now
contemplates defretion to another clan. He has made
discreet approaches toa Ventrue courtier loyal to Philip's
rivals. However, he won't leave the Paris chantry unless
he can strike decisively at Goratrix in the process.
Revenge interests him more than survival, though he
hhas no special desire to meet his Final Death. He makes
« policy of befriending Tremere neonates assigned to
Parisby masters unconnected to Goratrix,and may try to
make himelfa mentor to a promising arrival

The maternal but hot-tempered Lignupeda re-
cently arrived from the Durham chantry, certain she'd
been wise in fleeing that chantry's oppressive gloom.
Two nights later, been pounced upon by onc of
Goratrix' minions, the foul-breathed Culmen, and
Embraced. Shocked and angered, she unleashed a
spell reducing Culmen to a pile of damp sawdust.
Shackled in the dungeon, she allowed Goratrix to
think that he'd seduced her into accepting her new
status. Having won her release, she now wonders what
to do next. Remugio considers approaching her but
wishes to be sure he can trust her before revealing his
intentions. She might instead turn to other newcom-
crs for advice and assistance. Her eventual loyalties
remain to be determined.

The manic, compulsively talkative Manicac hides
in the chantry after murdering one of King Philip's
scribes in full view of a dozen witnesses. A mage of
little accomplishment before his Embrace, he was
sent, after his blooding, to pose as one of the king's
scriveners. He made himself useful by copying vical
messages and sending them to Goratrix. Unfortu-
nately, he too was given alchemical vitae so he
wouldn't need to risk hunting at court. Its effect drove
/him to the murder. Frondator wants to kill him imme-
diately, « fact she has not bothered to conceal from a
terrified Manicae. Goratrix instead contemplates send-
ing him to Ceoris to kill Etrius.

Goratrix has yet to realize the full extent to which
the burgeoning size of his vampire stable has aroused the
fury ofthe city's long-established Cainites. Paris'Cainite
tulers, most notably the Verurue Alexander, weigh a
number of creative punishments for Goratrix' effron-
tery, but have yet to move against him.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

On (AND BENEATH)
Tue Lert BANK

The chantry is located the city's academic
quarter. The University of Paris exists as a tutor's
guild but has not yet been formally recognized by the
King. When, in a few years, he does so, he will name
this arca the Left Bank. Dozens of freelance tutors
compete for the patronage of well-heeled students,
‘operating out of buildings ranging from the grand to
the ramshackle. The students, who are generally
aristocratic, hotheaded and deunk, often clash vive
lently with other citizens.

The chantry disguises itself as just another private
institution of learning, avoiding the attention of in-
qubivorial clergy. Itdoesn't recruit students; only those
already in the know understand its true nature and seck
apprenticeship. To further misdirect the authorities,
Goratrix has ordered that the once-opulent exterior be
allowed w lapse into disrepair, Crumbling statuary
figures decorate its pitted stone face. Their hands, feet
and faces have fallen away, though an astute viewer can
still tell that they represent allegorical figures of learn-
ing and spiritual development

By hiding in the open, the chantry avoids the
need for the stringent defensive measures of Ceoris.
Ghoul attendants scrutinize all would-be entrants
through a peephole, barring the door against those
who fail to pass inspection. Wards against unwanted
intruders appear on the front doots and in a few
sensitive locations throughout the chantry. The guards
are not often troubled. The Tzimisce are not a pres-
ence in France. Gangrel won't come into the city
except in the direst emergency. Parisian Nosferatu are
surely aware of their brothers' struggle against the
‘Tremere of Transylvania but, without allies, seem in
‘no hurry to open a front here. They do not wish to be
turned into Gargoyles. (Goratrix has periodically toyed
with the idea of sending Frondator to hunt Nosferatu
for this purpose; he has always concluded that it
wouldn't be worth the risk. Instead he imports Gar-
goyle retainers from Ceoris when any of his small
complement of the creatures must be replaced.)

Laboratories, quarters and common areas are
mostly above ground, on one of the building's five
floors. Dungeons, Gargoyle pens and the secret labo
ratory (see below) are found deep below an ancient
catacomb underlying the chantry. Despite it's now-
humble exterior, the chantry is well appointed and
fairly spacious.

ALCHEMICAL VITAE

In 1135, shortly after Goratrix's assumption of
the reins in Paris, several of hisneonates were hunted


down and staked after feeding indiscreetly. A joint
Lasombra-Ventrue delegation intercepted Goratrix
during carnival and warned him to better heed the
correct proportion of predator to ). Goratrix
feared to cross Paris' established Cainites but didn't
want to slow his Embraces. So he began to work on
anew project, using knowledge of vampiric anatomy
gamered during his Gargoyle researches of the previ-
ous century. As he became increasingly mesmerized
by political gamesmanship, he ceded the actual work
to Lee who in 1141 devised an alchemical
method to manufacture adequately nourishing blood.
A living (or Cainite) prisoner is still required to
catalyze the process. Extraction tubes draw blood
from the victim, circulating it into a series of vats
and pans, where it is admixed with various trace
metals, organs of exotic creatures and a email quen-
tity of vis. The resulting concoction turns one pint of
the victim's blood into 10. The vitae can be stored
for up toa month, and resists the degrading effects of
heat and cold. It tastes foul in its natural state, but
Lectora is able to disguise the taste and texture of
small quantities of the liquid if need be. Artificial
vitae cannot be used to power blood magic.

Gratis feeds this blood to his expendable neo-
nates but neither consumes it hinwelf, nor ditributes
it to his trusted allies at the chantry. Although it
keeps its users alive and can be spent as per normal
blood points (save for Thaumaturgy), long-term reli-
ance on alc! ical vitae has corrosive effect on the
soul. After a vampire has coruumed 50 points of
artificial vitae, the player must make a Self-Control/
Instinct roll (difficulty 4) or lose 1 dot from the
vampire's Self-Concrol/Instinct rating. For every 10
points of the stuf the vampire subsequently con-
fumes, the player must make another oll the dificulry
incressingy Leach time. (Storytellersshould lightly
randomize the thresholds at which player characters
should make rolls so that the precise danger points
can't be exactly predicted.)

Artificial vitae only partially solves Goratrix'speob-
Jem. Neonates who drink itbecome increasingly unstable
and sometimes call spectacular attention to themselves
when they are finally driven into frenzy. After a close
shave involving a disemboweled abbot, Goratrix has
Jeamed to look for the signs and act preemptively. He
aigns Frondatot ro quietly arrange for the permanent
disappearance of any minion who shows the signs —
popping eyes, dry lips bulging veins —of having supped
too much false vitae.

Goratrix hoped that artificial vitae alone would
alleviate other Cainites' fear and hostility towards his
chantry. Itdid not. Now he warsneonates to mask their
true nature from the city's other vampires.

tel
HE House THAT
Errius Bur

Little do most of its inhabitants know, but the
Vienna chantry has only emerged from a quarantine of
over a century. After the becoming, Etrius expressed
serious concerns about spreading vampirism through the
house. Tremere eventually supported his caution and
ordered a slow conversion. Etrius took this authority to
ban all Embraces in Vienna, claiming that he would be
responsible for the small number of magi there. From
10300 1185, he and Tremere were the only vampires to
enter the Austrian chantry. While Goratrix Embraced
magi as fast has Tremere's orders would allow, Etrius
bided his time and slowly wore away at the morals of his
potential candidates. In 1185, he invited a cabal of
Vienna's magi to Ceoris and took the final rep. They
retumed as his firm allies and agents. Etrius proudly
announced Vienna open to the test of the clan.

All this careful planning has paid off. Vienna isthe
safest haunt for the clan's conservative faction. Its master,
Filaereus, is. staunch a supporter of Etrius in unlife as he
was in life. Visitors to his chantry known to be allied with
Goratrix are put under a close watch meant to make them
feel unwelcome. Filacreus greets others with a ch
inveighing against the rashness and turpitude of the "Paris
faction," as he sniffingly calls the conspirators. Even
‘mortal magi are warned against Goratrin's perfidy. Natu
rally, a chantry ruled by conservatives hosts an unusually
large proportion of mortal magi. Only four ofits ten senior
‘magi have been Embraced.

CINaccusTOMED INFLUENCE

The Vienna chantry, which dates back to 920, was
built according to Etrius's specifications. He served as its
master from its founding until 1022, although he was
often absent from the tum of the century on, leaving its
administration in the hands of its then-castellan,
Filacreus. During his time at Vienna,

ties with church leaders, his fervent expressions of piety
disarming any fears the clergy might otherwise have had
about sorcerers. He took pains to downplay both the size
of House Tremere and the true extent of his supernatural
abilities. When he did lend magical aid to his temporal
allies, he shunned credit for his actions. In 955, he sulvtly.
employed his earth magic to help the German king Oxto
the Grear repulse Magyar invaders. He'd helped strike
down the Magyars because they were pagans, and there

fore enemies to all God-fearing men. He made the

SHADOWS OF CEORIS


ground muddy under Magyar fect, and solid beneath
Otto's forces. The chaos of the battlefield concealed the
tole of Etrius's magic in the vietory. Etrius also kept his
intervention secret from his fellow magi. including
Tremere. He thought Tremere would mock his altruism.
At the time, he had no idea that the Magyars had
vampitesin their midst. Nor did he spot the tellale signs
of vampiric involvement at Oxto's court.

As Etrius's appearances in Vienna grew scarcer,
Filacreus sought introductions to his leader's friends at
‘court and in the church hierarchy. In the mid-11*
century, he hecame an occasional adviser to Austria's
ruler, Duke Leopold III, then-head of the region's pow
erful ruling family, the Babenburgs. Filaereus didn't help
the Babenburgs by cutting vast chasms in che earth or
sending forestof walking trees to beset thei enemies on
the battlefield. Instead, he presented himselfas a scholar
capable of a few diverting parlor tricks. Much of the
advice he dispensed drew more from his innate sense of
caution than any arcane insights. Filaereus,t00, fled to
see Cainite machinations behind certain strange deci-
sions made by various Babenburgs over the years. Nor
did he connect several attempts on his life to the "night
© "who by that time also vexed Ceoris. The
beings who stood in the Babenburg's shadows eventually
accommodated themselves to Filaereus' presence, of $0
it seems — he hasn't been attacked in decades.

1197 is the last of a four-year period in which the four
sons ofthe deceased Leopold V divide the rule of Austrian
territories between them, Filaereus has taken a liking to
Leopold VI, obviously the brightest and most charismatic
‘of the our. Although his interes in temporal polities as
waned, he occasionally visits Leopold V1, supplying him
with auguries and wise counsel fee of occult overtones.

The confusion that now reigns in Austria retards
Vienna's prosperity. Filacreus, now a vampire, has realized
that Cainites manipulate mortal polities here, as they do
throughout Europe. Various clans support each ofthe four
contesting brothers. Nighttime disappearances grow ever
‘more frequent as the hidden Cainite struggle increases in
ferocity. Despite asense of foreboding, Flacreushasbegun,
tolearn the names and plans of the city's secret hierarchy.
Although he would like to see Leopold VI triumph, that
goal is secondary to the continued protection of the
chantry. Tothisend,he'sforgedanalliance with Leopold's
Ventrue backers, and reached an understanding with
Viennese Lasombra, who support Frederick Babenburg.
The latter non-aggression agreement was brokered with
the aid of Giacomo Guicciardini, Lasombra envoy to
Coots, Ifeither ofthe other beothersshoulk win, Filaereus
fearsanattack by enemy clansagainsthispeaceful chantry.
Although he'd like to withdraw from the power struggle,
the Ventrue are drawing him further into it, happy to
befudlle their foes with the unfamiliar powers Filaereus

HOUSE OF TREMERE

and his followers wield. Filacteus has even taken to Em
bbracing outside the chantry in orderto provide the Ventrue
with the agents they demand.

Although Etrius is vaguely aware of Guicciardini
having had some business in Vienna with Filaereus, he
hasno concept of the depth of his protége's involvement
in the political crisis there. Filacreus has hidden it from
‘him, just as Etriue hid from Tremere his participation in
‘Octo's battles. Filaereus dreads Etrius's disapproval, and
‘s certain that his increasingly obvious role asa Ventrue
pawn would earn just that.

AGAINST GoRATRIX ARRAYED

Filacreus is a craggy faced man who forgets his usual
‘acitumity whenever he thinks of Goratrix. He has long
aime given up any atiempr at concealing his hatred for
‘Ceoris'sfounder. Filaereuswas brought into House Tremere
by Etrius after being treacherously expelled from another
hermetic house. Although he regards Etrius with gratitude
for having given him shelter, his hatred for Goratrix ts no
mere shadow of his friend's. Ninety years ago, Goratrix
humiliated Filaereus during a magical demonstration at
‘Ceoris. Filacreus hadslaved for months over an effect with
which he intended to impress Tremere himself: He would
‘materialize diamonds from the air, which would fll on the
council chambers like a gentle rain. Instead the convened
great magiof Tremere were pelted with coal dust. Goratrix
subjected Filacreus co his barbed wit, and Tremere joined
in the general laughter. Although never able to prove it,
Filacreus suspects that Goratrix had interfered with his
casting. Even his allies in Vienna know this story and
impute Filaerews' hatred of Gorateix to it — though they'd
never be so impolitic as to say 40 to his face. In his darkest
‘moments, Filaereus is prepared to admit to himself that his
efforts to expunge his humiliation simply make himself
Jook more ridiculous. But che more he broods on this kong-
ago incident, the greater his hate grows. He'd now suffer
Final Death, even send his soul to eternal torment, if it
‘meant taking Goraerix with him.

Flaxen-haited, volupeuous Ala loved Filsereus from
afar for many years before being taken into his Embrace. In
life, her strong, quietly-expressed Christian faith sealed a
friendship wich Tosia, now the moral leader of Ceors's
livingmagt. Alaknewherat Umor Mons, her Transylvanian
chantry. However, because she harbored wild and lustful
urges she could never quite suppress, Ala sectetly thought
herself unworthy of Tosia's admiration. When she fled to
‘Vienna, her devil-sent fantasies began to center around the
chantry master, Filaereus. Although his weather-beaten
features andi barrel chest made him an attractive man, het
Just for him seemed utrerly irrational toher. Even his friends
saw him as slightly absurd figure. He seemed to sense how
she fele about him, which drove her to further torment.
‘When she finally relented and threw herself into his arms,


the Embraced her. The discovery ofhis vampinsm proved a
sreat relief ro her: Clearly, he'd ensorcelled her with his
supernatural powers. She was 0 relieved to find an expla-
nation for her hss that she scarcely bothered to inourn her
stolen innocence. Instead, she reveled in her new clanty
She has become Filaereus' most vociferous supporter at
Vienna, While some ofits other Cainites mock Flaereus
tehind his buck, they fear and respect Ala. If she is sil
willing to support Fuaereus, so are they. something were
to happen to her, however, he might find his leadership
under challenge by a colleague whose dedication to the
conservative cause grows more from judicious conviction
than the prosecution ofa ludicrous grudge

That challenge might well come from the unnatu-
rally youthful Audax, who is the victim of a demon's
curse. At the age of fourteen, he used his innate
talent todrive a devil, who'd taken human form, from his
home village. It enchanted him so chat his appearance
‘would never change. Throughout his career, from his

apprenticeship toa Tremere magusto his present state as
2 Cainite at Vienna, he's suffered others' incvieable
tendency torreat him asa callow youth. Even those who
now ofhis great accomplishments asa mage and scholar
can't help regarding him as a fresh-faced young pup.
‘Audax regards the world with great seriousness, deter-
mined to overcome this deficiency without bitterness
towards those who fall prey to perceptions. He seldom
strays from the Vienna chantry, where others know and
respect him. He made an ideally accepting Cainite; now
he operates in a world where one's apparent age is
discounted. He has become the most dedicated partici-
pant in the politics of the Austrian night. He enjoys
meeting other Cainites; even the enemies he must try to
destroy fascinate him. One day he may stop and realize
that this might have been the entire objective of the
<demon's curse — to prepare him foraday when he would
discard his soul to blithely embrace a vampiric existence.

Partnering with Audax in the covert bartle on
Leopold VI'sbehalf is Peter Schloss, a former mercenary
whose blood ran to ice even before his Embrace. Schloss
forte is death from adistance. He delivers his adversaries
10 Final Death by building elaborate booby-traps, dosing
victims with alchemical poisons of manipulating foes
into turning on one another. Schloss has bitterly feared
death ever since his frst foray onto the battlefield as a
young man. He is grateful tothe Tremere, and Filaereus
in particular, for offering him the possibility of eternal
existence. But he would never allow his sense of loyalty
to them to force him into action that might genuinely
threaten his own survival. He enjoys Audax's company
and has taken on the task of encouraging the serious
fellow to enjoy the world's fleeting pleasures.

‘Among the mortal magi, perhaps the chief threat to
Filaereus' authority isthe Teutonic rigorist Lucidus. Bald,

vain and imperious, he is only grudgingly tolerated by his
chantry mates. He has memorized entire occult texts and
shows an annoying ability to quickly answer almost any
question of arcane methodology put before im, nomatter
how obscure. His abilities asa magician are legendary —

hheance defeated Tremere himself inceruimen, the magical
duel invented by the latter wizard. However, Lucius is
reluctant to use his powers without full examination of
any and all possible consequences, He'd sooner second:
guess others than take actions which might arouse the
scom or scrutiny of others. Filaereus knows Lucidus too
well to mistake his unpopularity for foolishness, and
‘worries that he will soon discover the truth. Lucidus bolds
him in open contempt, and Filacreus has assigned lovely
Alla the task of preparing him for the Embrace. She fears
that he's too stubborn to ever voluntarily join the ranks of
the blooded and too magically adept to easily dispase of.

Strout TIMBERS

Perched on a jaesed promontory several miles to the
north ofthe city, the Vienna chantry looks like a lange ancl
imposing hunting lodge. Ie walls are composed of massive
‘chunks of gray stone, hewn from the earth by Etrius's magic
Massive timbers act a pillars and cross-beams throughout
the structure. Every chamber is grand and aversized

An extensive network of disused chambers criss-
‘crosses the hill on which the building stands, Etrius built
these to allow room for future expansion without arous-
ingunwanted attention. The chantry has never required
the space, and the chambers have been sealed off for
centuries. Intruders into the chantry might be tempted
by the lead seals on the doors leading to rhe underground
chambers, and expend considerable effort to break into
an area not used even for storage

Vienna's laboratories are larger and betterstocked
than Ceoris's Iris much easier toship the exotic ingredients
alchemists require to Vienna than to the Transylvanian
Allps. Laboratories are not attached to individual living
‘quarters. Each mage may select a lab for his own use, and
enforces his privacy with locks, wards, and alarms

The library is the best the Tremere have at their
disposal aside from that at Georis. When Goratrix first
<created the library at Ceoris, he raided the collections of
other chantries. Etrius shielded his chantry's library by
successfully appealing to Tremere for relief. Vienna's
library issmaller than Ceoris's but kepe in better order. Its
ibrarian, the mortal mage Farica, rigidly polices her
‘colleagues, hectoring them for the retus
materials. Although the chantry residents — Ca
especially — bristle at her scoldings, they recog
her rude passion for order benefits them in the end.
Farica ensures that documents are available and easily
located. Viennese Tremere returning from Ceoris, with
its chaotically controlled collection, find reason to


preciate Farica for her tireless, if annoying, determina-
tion. Ceoris's own magi sometimes come to Vienna to
find tomes that ought to be readily accessible in their
‘own chantry but have been purloined by a rival.

Common areas are at the same time sumptuous and
forbidding. Heavy wooden furniture is padded in gold-
cmbroideted velvet. Incense of overpowering sweetness,
favored by Alo, wafts from numerous copper censers.
Tapestries depict Tremere, Goratrix, Etrius and several
long-dead founders of the Hermetic tradit
stare disapprovingly down at the room's occupants.
Massive stag's horns, boar's heads and other game to-
phies appear throughout the building,

The Vienna chantry lacks the elaborate protective
measures of of attacked Ceoris, but Filaereus has added
4 few features as tlne Tremere become increasingly vie
ible in thecity'sCainite circles. Audaxand Peter Schloss
have joined together to lad the grounds with ingenious
traps; Schloss designs them and Audax creates them

with Thausatungic Alelemy.

FA CONSERVATIVE STRONGHOLD

Vienna is well known in conspiratorial circles as
enemy terntory. They call st "Etrius's chantry"— a
double insule that questions both Etrius's right to rule
Ceoris and Filaereus' status as anything other than his.
mentor's bootlick. Goratrix hasn't set foot in Vienna
since the becoming. Malgorzata has never been here,
though she's sent Jervais to use its library on. several
‘oceasions since the reopening. Aside from its role as the
conservative bastion, Vienna's primary claim to emi-
nence ts the well-ordered library. When Goratrix wishes
‘o place a pair of ears inside Vienna's walls, he sends a
low-status ally to comb through its stacks. Filaereus
would like to bar Goratrix's proxies from entry, but has
been counseled otherwise by Etrius. Etrius knows that
such a move would be seen as a provocation by the
conspirators, who would likely appeal to Tremere and
possibly secure Filaereus'ouster. Instead, Filaereusmakes
conspiratorial visitors feel uneasy by keeping obvious
watch on them. An unsubtle player, he never thinks to
entice or persuade them into betraying their leader.
‘Auxlax, on the other hand, sees that Gorarix' pride and
‘taste for ridicule make him a hard master to serve. He
makes a point of sounding out Goratrix's minions when
they visit and has earmarked several as potential defec-
tors. Hethinks that Frondator, Goratrix'sParisian huntress,
‘might be made to tum against him if promised a small
chantry of her own. Audax has even tried to lure Jervais
onto the straight and narrow path. Though Jervais has no
{intention of betraying Malgorzata, he enjoys the verbal
sparring with Audax and has even conceived a grudging
affection for him. Each hopeshe won't have todestroy the
other should open warfare split the clan.

HOUSE OF TREMERE

DurHaAM,
HE SLEEPING LION

‘The Durham chantry isalso known as Lion's Green,
Mecrlinda, the most seemingly benevolent of the Coun-
cil of Seven, administers it wisely, She devotes her
considerable diplomatic talents to reconciling the con
spirator and conservative factions. A strange conspiracy
arising within the ranks of the mortal magi has $0 far
concealed itself ftom her attention

OursiDE THE WALLS

Like France, England is prosperous, building new
port facilities and enjoying the fruits of trade. Richard
hhas decamped to France to protect his territory in
‘Normandy from Philip II, who is equally determined to
drive him out. In his stead, the Archbishop of Canter:
bury, Hubert Walter, administers the country. In 1197,
his title is Justiciar; by 1199 he'll be Chancellor.

Chantry residents care litle about affairs outside
their walls. Their interests are already well served with-
out theithavingtomeddle in polities. England! ity
makes itasimple mater to get suppies Travel through
the countryside are fairly safe from bandits, because local
lords can well afford to equip patrols. Churchmen, fat
from generous tithes and preoccupied with governance,
are coo complacent to beat the bushes for sorcerers.

‘If Durham's Cainites were more attentive to extemal
politics, theyd see that the apparent placidity of their
surroundings conceals simmering, resentments bound to
disrupt their peace. Nobles and city fathers alike complain
bitterly of the heavy taxation they endured to raise the
ransom to free Richard from Leopold. Next in line to the
throne is John, who, when he ascends in a few years, will
‘make himself junpopular monarch. He'llpeexnpt
a revolt of the nobility eventually forcing him to sign the
Magna Carta. Many of England's mote experiencedCainites
already see this chain of events; in fact, some are actively
connivingtobring tabout. Tremere whoestablish connec:
tons among other clans may find themselves drawn into
the ferment. Most, however, keep totheir own affair. They
know that London's Prince is named Michras and fear his
power. Their chantry is far from London in order to avoid
his grasp. Another reason for building Lion's Green at
Durham can be found inthe areas magical resonance. Said
tw house the bones of St. Cuthbert and the Lindisfame
‘goapels, as well as housing a network of pagan ley lines, the
immediate region'sinnate magic rivalsthat of Transylvania.

MEERLINDA'S DOMAIN

Mcerlinda presents herself as an attractive, serene
woman in her late thirties. She governs the Durham
chantry with soft-spoken assurance. She relies on her


cextraontinary persuasive powers to secure the coopera:
tion of those under her command, She hates discord and
‘works tosmooth it over ats frst eruption. She seeks out
the parties to any dispute and takes them abide sepa-
rately. Allowing them to gaze deeply into her limpid
‘yes, she assures them of her sympathy for their position,
if not their tactics. Meerlinda assures them that they will
eventually realize their goalsifonly they heed her advice
for the moment. Then she secures promises ot peace and
cooperation, in the process brokering a deal between the
disputants. She may not be able to inspire love berween
antagonists who bitterly loathe one another, but she can
usually persuade them to conduct their dispute in a way
that doesn't threaten the broader interests ofthe chantry.

Mecerlinda serves the same role in the Inner Council.
She maintains the respect of both Goratrix and Etrius, and
has often acted to decrease the heat between them.
Meerlindahas instructed informants in both Ceorisand the
Paris chantry to discreetly inform her should they come
across evidence that one ofthe two faction leaders plans to
act dramatically against the other. Although Lion's Green
includes members of boch factions, they know better than
toclash under her watchful eye. They confine their rivalry
todebates, barbed witicismsandthe occasional actof petty
sabotage. She hints to members ofeach side that she isopen
tobe persuaded to their cause; in order to win her over, they
become her half-witing informants

Meerlinda's castellan, the blandly self-possessed,
bald-headed Dulcis, occupies a position which is almost
entirely ceremonial. Meerlinda can't help involving
herself in the smallest details of chantry operations, from
the exact quantities of grain it purchases to the hiring of
stable hands. Dulcis tells himself thar he could probably
perform many of these tasks mote ably than his mistress,
and makesthe occasional teasing comment tothiseffect.
He knows that she would not be the person she i if she
didn't continually interfere in his duties. He loved her
fiercely and secretly even before his Embrace and blood
‘oath, and would die with a smile on his face if he could
sacrifice himself for her safety. Other inhabitants of
Lion's Green impotently despise him for his snooping
ways; they know he diligently reports to his mistress the
least infraction of chantry procedures. Melinda knows
he loves her, and values his loyalty, but does not re-
motely etumhisfeelings. Dulcis could become rebellious,
‘even murdetouslys0, were he ever to face definite proof
that his love isa hopeless one.

Sleepy-eyed and fussy. Virfortis was an od man
when Embraced, and has not invigorated himself, chink
ing it unseemly. Despite his sometimes-petulant
insistence on his rights as an elder of the House, several
of the chantry's Cainites stil look to him for leadership,
remembering his great past deeds. Once a warrior-mage
of considerable valor and ferocity, he fought like an

‘enraged wolthound during the so-called Witch War
against House Diedne. Although he adores tellingstories
of his long-ago exploits, he hates to see his former
youthful heedlessness in others. It is more out of tem

perament and prejudice rather than rational agreement
with Etrius's position that has prompted Virforts to
become the chantry's staunchest defender of the conser

vative cause. That the chantry's chief conspirator
personifies all that Virfortis now loathes adds fie to his
fist-shaking denunciations.

‘The young and fecklesly handsome Oblatam heads
Lion's Green's conspirator faction. Blond, squate-jawed!
and possessed of blindingly perfect teeth (a rare thing in
the Dark Medieval era), Oblatam learned long ago to
think of himself as God's gift to the 12th century, He sees
ower as his natural birthright, and threw in his lo with
Goratrix because he thought the elder Cainite likely to
win out over Etrius. An enthusiastic religious hypocrite,
he believes in God because God surely believes in him.
He isdisinclined to examine the contradiction between
his supposed faith and his present activities asa Cainite
Although he'd like to impress Goratrix by, say, shipping
him Virforts' severed and lime-caked head, he's too
wary of Meerlindatoact that boldly. Instead, he reeulacly
sends information to Goratrix and bids his time, wait:
ing for the opportunity that will catapult him into his
pre-ondained place as a top member of the clan,

Meerlinda's chief Cainite rival shares he
in the eternal sparring between conservat
spirator. When Embraced thirty years ago by Brunavog,
Domina was shocked — not by the transformation but by
the fact she'd not been taken into the fold years before
‘She blamed thison Meerlinda, whoshe has for yearsseen,
as the object eclipsing her true worth in Tremete's eyes.
Centuries ago, Domina engaged in a one-sided romantic
dalliance with him. She thinks that Meerlinda enjoyed
his bed prior to the transformation of 1023 and kept
Domina from her rightful place in the Inner Circle. Her
hatred of Meerlinda has festered beyond any rational
bounds. She has constructed an elaborate fantasy in
which she captures Meerlinda, keeping her imprisoned
for years if not decades. Domina spends much of her time
refining the elaborate schedules of torture that would
ensue from this. Having grown increasingly unhinged
since her descent into vampirism, she may take rash
action soon. She hopes to find impressionable allies who
‘might join her in hating the damnably charismatic
Meerlinda among newcomers to Lion's Green. Domina
would without qualm betray Lion's Green to another
clan if she thought they could help her capeute her foe.

Like Paris, Lion's Gate is home to enough vampires
to disturb the thoughts of its region's long-established
Cainites. Unlike Gorattix, the silky-voiced Meerlinda
hhas tackled the problem with skillful diplomacy, promis.

SHADOWS OF CEORIS


ing would-be enemies to keep het activities within strict
She's shown the local hierarchy how useful
od magic can be when tumed to their ends.

KaPALA's REACH

ve the daytime activities of the mortal
the reports of her ghoul servitors,
nisoed a Luangcontiy

magi only throw
is led by the
k-thin woman cloaked
belies her true actions. Erro
stay at Ceoris. While there, she researched magic con
cerning the human soul, in the process arousing the
ust of Epistatia, who resented the
iehd of seul. A th
ireasingly troubled by gore-soaked
visions of a hellish battlefield. The visions began to
intrude into her waking hours, and eventually drove her
© the brink of u Aw cutity began
her during her experiments. At first, it
f as Stars Beyond, but eventually en
call it Kupala. [ctokd her chat it had work
about some kind of final battle which wou!
roam free

them. This group of six
ciff-lipped, offictous E
im an air of rectitude th

marifest

failed him; his mind was bound by his narrow concept of
al power.

of skulls. He'd made Tremere and his followers into
bloodlin h greater
than that. But in order to bring about het transformation,

from their very boson. She found it
colleagues with righteour To
Epistatia succeeded in
Never possessed mannet, Erro found
here gifted in Lion's Green with powers of persussion
nearly rivaling Mcetlinda's Quictly, always with an eye
cout for spies, Erro gathered together the chantry's most
One by one, she powdered their
maxiness-inducing
no he'd suffered at Ceoris. One of the magi had w
be smothered in his bed, but the others took readily to
Kupala's service
Errohails from anoble
land a few day's ride fro

modest shrine to Kupala in

ly forested

fy owning he:
Durham. She
seldom-visited comer of her

father's holdings. The small patch of forest surrounding


the shrine has become increasingly bleak and oddly remi-
niscent of the Transylvanian landscape. Four times year,
Ervo and hee cabal secretly travel there to make offerings
to Kupala. He has recently begun to demand human
sacrifices. Ero satisfies him by hiring thieves to kidnap
street urchins for her. The need to transport the captive
children with them on theit trek to the shrine makes it
harder to avoid attention. Although they've been ac-
costed on several occasions, Erro has always succeeded in
reruading curious travelers that nothing is awry.

‘Other membersof Erro'scabal include the butle scarred
Fascinare, flirtatious Singula and voluble Numen. Al have
sulbmerged their previous penonalitis to the dimly fee but
iressble calling imposed upon them by Kupala.

Erro's first goal isto destroy Meetlinda and then the
other membersof Tremere's Inner Circle. Only then will
they be able to slay Tremere himself. Erro wishes to
retun to Ceoris, but Kupala now forbids it. He does,
however, encourage her to send other members of het
cabal to breathe Transylvania's dread-laced air.

AA Manse Most Mopest

Lion's Green is a tall stone tower. Most locals
assume it to be a secondary manse belonging to a noble
with a taste for city if.

Unwilling to attract attention by expanding the
structure, Melinda forces its inhabitants olive a close
‘quarters. Lodgings are cramped. The least drafty of them
were claimed long ago by high-ranking members of the
chantry. Quarters for visitors and newcomers are ex-
tremely chilly. Although cold enough toremind a Cainite
of his vulnerability to freezing, the guest quarters won't
tctually harm theie inhabieanes

The once-grand library has fallen into disrepair
since its former administrator, Celestyn, was called to
Ceoris. It occupies almost an entite floor. Its huge
wooden shelves, invaded by damp, have warped. They
oom threateningly over library visitors, perpetually on
the verge of toppling. Books and scrolls are no longer
well-ordered, s0 it is nearly impossible to quickly find
documents, or even know what the collection contains.
‘search for teferences to diabolism yields nothing: Erro
tind her cabal have systematically stolen away all useful
texts, hiding them in ashed near their shrine to Kupala.

Magi must share one of four communal laboratories.
This arrangement is rife with potential conflict. Re-
searchers must proceed under the jealous eyes of theit
colleagues. Delicate experiments often come to naught
thanks to the accidental intervention of other magi or,
when rivalries heat up, deliberate sabotage. Sometimes
simultaneous experiments react badly together, todisas-
trous effect. Several years before he pledged his soul to
Kupala, the mage Fascinare los the hearing in his right
ear when acloud of gas rom colleague's alchemical vats

confused his senses during a summoning ritual. Imps
appeared and stole his eardrum. The chantry's Cainites
have largely conceded the laboratories to the mortal
‘magi, relying on Ceorisfor innovations in Thaumaturgy

Lion'sGreen lackscellsortorturechambers. Meetlincks
rarely needs to confine or interrogate enemies. Captured
foes are dealt with in one of the Cainites' personal cham-
ber, then quickly dispatched. This has happened only
twice in the last three decades. Thase who search Lion's
Green for secret chambers will hunt in vain. Powerful
wards prevent unwanted guests from entering Cainite
‘quarters during the day. These caused curious comment
from mortal magi when first installed, but the magi then
inscribed similar sigils on their own doors, regarding them
as a show of status. Now they're so much a part of the
chantry that forgetful magi occasionally neglect to read-
just them to admic newly hired servants.

Pethaps the most notable feature of Lion's Green is
{ts sumptuous gardens, designed by Meerlinda herself
Her delicately confusing hedge maze provokes subele
epiphanies in those who traverse them by moonlight.
More than one apprentice has leamed that the quickest
way to burst Meerlinda's ar of placidity isto pluck arose
‘of accidentally trample through a bed of young plants

Pee THE STORM

Nestled in the ragged hills ofthis small city north of
Rome in central Italy, the Perugia chantry isan example
of a modest Tremere stronghold. Its head, Probitas, was
‘only recently brought into the ranks of the unliving.
Although situated near arich source of is, ost Tremere
know it as a sort of resort spot, where magi can gather
informally and enjoy a change of scenery

Ease Ecupsep By Turmoil.

Italy is no freer than any other part of Europe from
interesting turmoil, stirred behind the scenes by compet-
ing Cainite factions. It is dominated by afar from the
‘German king (and Holy Roman Emperor) Henry IV. He
elbows aside the temporal power of the elderly pope,
Celestine II Revolt stirs tothe south in Sicily, prompting
brutal repression by Henry's forces. But as of yet the
Tremere have paid no heed to Italian politics, the com-
plexities of which dwarf even their own intemal struggles.

In the past, Perugia was a haven of rest from Her-
metic intrigue. The House of Tremere let their internal
conflicts soften under a haze of relaxation and fellow
ship. However, neither Perugia's wine cellars nor its
sun-drenched patios offer any sort of pleasure to its
Cainite members. Although Perugia is still created as «
place of leisure by mortal magi, who gather here by the


AL CHANTRY
Run sy F

zation, by
J that they were well

Perugia from

as well

both Inner Councilorsare of lesser

s but apa . hhesstoand

te his Christian

al years convinced

ne which prevented him from acting
seize him, he

supp
Thaumaturgy. Pr

will lead one side
will reveal all. Unfor


‘muture and persuasive calents of a Meerlinda. It taxes
him just to keep the local partisans of both factions
safely separated.

His childe, Sodalis, devoted his life to the retruitment
‘and seduction of lubricious young apprentices. While his
raffishly disheveled appearance and droll wit might not
have eamed him much romantic success outside the con-
fines of a chantry, it did, over the centuries, appeal to a
surprising number of budding enchantresses. His roster of
former conquests includes Farica, now librarian at Vienna,
and Lignupeda, who now sits in the dungeons of the Paris
chantry. Though startled by the Embrace, Sodalis took to
stquickly. For him, the weeksand months of seduction were
always more satisfying that the mere act of consummation.
He doesn't regret the diminishment of is sexual capacity,
and relishes his powers of mental domination. He follows
Probitas' orders merely to buy himself time to indulge these
<elightful new abilities. Sodas, never one to worry about
tomorrow, can't imagine that anything truly bad will come
‘ofthe house'sCainite transformation. Although he wouldn't
object to Embracing every mage in the house immediately,
he sees the struggle between conspirator and conservative
as pure folly. Despite his complete lack of sympathy for
Probitas, hisneutralityandclevernessmakehim the chantry
leader's most dependable ally.

‘Sodas in tum Embraced his laces willing apprentice,
the long-tressed Merusa, without waiting for permission
from Coors, Probes revactively scared Trnoytania's
‘consent, without informing Curaferrum that the deed had
already been done. Menus, the daughter of a wealthy
courtesan raised in a splendor many local nobles would
envy, was well tutored from a young age in the art of
befucdlinglustful men. Only monthsafterher Embrace, she
reckonsshe'sderivedall available benefits from her associa-
tion with Sodalis. She sees vampirism as the gateway to
undreamt-of power. She wants to go to Ceoris, where true
advancement lies. Having been an apprentice of a few
‘months standing upon her Embrace, she has no real respect
for howe tradition. She despises the mortal magi and
wonders why the Cainites wish to Embrace them at all.
They should all be slain so that young, vibrant recruits like
henelf can provide the clan with the strength it needs.
Merusa takesslights poorly. She hasalready killed two magi
‘on their way back to their home chantries. No one knows
she's responsible forthe attacks, which she arranged to look
like the work of bandits.

Etrius's representative at Perugia is square-shoul-
dered Jean Entende, a warrior who won distinction in
the Crusades and gradually drifted to Ceoris asa merce-
nary. Esoara admired his valor against the Tsimisce,
‘even when out-numbered, and put his name forward for
the Embrace. Etrius was later forced to send him away
from Ceoris when Tosia learned he was a former priest
who'd renounced his vows for a swordsman's life. Tosia

‘took an unreasoning dislike to Jean and began to suspect
hhim as a central player in the supposed diabolism at
Ceoris. She thought him connected to the Knights
‘Templar, about whom she's heard rumors of black magic
Her vision of him as a paragon of evil is ironically out of
step with his placid, plodding character. Jean abandoned
the priesthood because it was too mentally taxing for
hhim. He's good at fighting but out of his depth as an
intriguer, at Perugia or anywhere else. He has learned to
hate and fear Merusa and the chantry'sfriends of Goratrix
Assuming he can get away with it, he wants to do
something simple to them — kill them, probably.

Goratrix's men are the identical twins Michel and
Martial Culrier. Tall, lose-limbed and equipped with
bulging lower lips, both are grinningly rapacious ex
tuffians Embraced by Frondator for their mastery of
violence. Each pretends to be smarter and more refined
than the other, but both are lazy, sadistic thugs. Goratrix
soon tired of their presence, but wanted to keep them
alive for possible later use. He packed Michel and Mar
tial off to Perugia with orders o keep the conservatives
from taking over the place. They've occupied their time
‘mostly by threatening Jean in none-too-veiled ways, and
in feeding indiscriminately on city residents. A bored
Merusatoys with them, settingthem against one another
by pretending a romantic interest in them. Probitas
‘egards them asthe foulest scum ever to seep up through
the cracks of the earth, and has instructed Sodalis to do
away with them at the earliest opportunity, Soualis
hopes to do this through trickery, perhaps by leading
them to antagonize a Cainite outside the clan.

Few mortal magi make Perugia a permanent home
Most prominent among them is Cultor, a hard-drinking
fellow whose earthy ways contrast shaeply with the
scholarly bene usual among Tremere. His mastery of the
various plant magics is unparalleled among the Tremere.
Probitas fears his abilities. He might be able to mobilize
entire forests to attack Cainite strongholds, making him
a threat even to Ceotis itself. Cultor, who spends much
of his time hand-tending the vast olive grove that sur-
rounds the chantry, seems especially resistant to the
Embrace. He speaks frequently of his love for life as
‘manifested in nature. Oddly enough, he gets on well with
the thuggish Culrier twins. Their complete lack of social
graces provokes him to quivering belly-laughter. Many
bookish magi feel intimidated by Cultor's self-confi
dence and full-throated zest for life. If he survives the
next few years, they may look to him asa leader in their
imminent battle against the Tremere vampires.

Blond -haired,arrogant Aculeusmansthe tower which
harvests aunem vis, The chantry is situated to catch the
squsts ofa magical wind current. Aculeus'earefully.tenvled
nets draw the residue from these winds. A formidable
practitioner of air magic, he uses much of the ws himself


What he does not use, he passes along to ocher magi,
making sure they know how great a favor they owe him in
return, Hisaloof conviction in the superiority of histalent
makes him dificule to like. Probieas chinks him selfish
‘enough to welcome the Embrace but worrieshe would not
accept his subordination to seniors of the clan. Aculeus
‘brandishes his contempt for Probitas at every opportunity
bur tolerates the company of Sodalis. Sodalie ien't eure
that Aculeus wll everbe ready to be rurmed, but continues
tw subtly test hum

Maretr Hats

‘The Perugia chantry isa sprawling complex of one-
story villas. The tallest structure in the compound is
Aculeus' tower, a spidery structure of whitewashed
pine. A ayatcm of wooden struts supports a pentagonal
net of fine fabric. Rungs along the tower allow Aculeus
to climb up and harvest the collected vis. Apart from
this, the structures at Perugia are all low-slung marble
buildings. Mast are private quarters, withsbedchambes,
servants' rooms, a small and ill-equipped laboratory
and space to entertain a few guests. A large central

structure provides a common area for gatherings, along
witha lage kitchen and panty. Much of dee chasury's
craction takes place on large patios attached

central hall. An eastfacing patio catches the
‘morning sun; visitors shift to its westward partner in
the aftemoon. Cainites of course decline to expose
themselves to sunlight, but their avoidance isn't as
‘obvious as it might be among other company. Magi are
accustomed to burning the midnight oil in theit labs,
and activity on the patios often continues long into the
night. Large lanterns hang from the patio's high rails,
bobbing gently in the side-draft of the magical winds.
Although discussion of occult minutiae is always the
main activity, the assembled magi always drink wine,
often declaim poetry and sometimes play elaborate
es of chance. One popular game involves the ani-
mation of small beads of quicksilver, which the magi
then race about the patio's tiles. Any one of these
activities can quickly turn sour, as banter becomes
sharper and the participants grow drunker. Rivalries
are never far below the surface | magi.
Wincdreding is inpoeilefr vampires Srdalsncety
exposed his new nature when a former partner in

HOUSE OF TREMERE

insobriety all but forced some down his gullet during an
especially wild debauch. Sodalis let his old friend,
Praedurus of Flanders, live, but now wishes he hadn't
‘Word from Flanders has it that Praedurus plans a visit
to Tosia at Ceoris.

‘The chantry generates a surprising amount of rev-
enue. Visiting magi are expected to pay a generous
stipend keyed to the length of their stays. Probitas has for
years falsely maintained that these fees barely cover his
simple expenses, from upkeep on the buildings to the
cost of food. In fact, he was overcharging shamelessly. He
‘used to donate the moncy to Perugia's poor as an act of
contrition. Since his transformation he's had to divert
the extra eesto supportan increasingly large community
of guards, servants and their dependents. Visiting magi
‘enjoy being waited upon extravagantly by Perugia's
over-large staff. They have no idea that the entourage
existsasaherd for Perugia'sresident and visting Cainites

The area'sother Cainitesare only dimly aware of the
Tremere proence here, leaviang the chantty fice frown
attack for the time being. In preparation for inevitable
conflict, Probitas has allowed the Culrier brothers to
‘train the most able-bodied herd members as guards. He
Io abu begun construction of alow maible fence around
the chantry perimeter. It's not tall enough to impede
invaders, bt allows for the placement of magical wards.
At present, the fence is only half-complete

NEuTRAL GROUND

Perugia sometimes becomes a tense mecting place
for delegations representing Errius and Goratrix. Before
Probitas was tumed, he mistook these diplomatic parleys
aasconvocationsof diabolists. Now he knows why parties
of scowling magi suddenly appear, retire to villas for
private conference and abruptly leave, often bearing
‘even sourer expressions. He takes care to shield the
parleying Cainites from the snooping of mortal magi. To
both factions he makes clear the dangers of indiscretion,
and to date they have respected the boundaries he lays
down. In an early meeting at Perugia, the two factions
agreed not to attempt physical harm to other Cainites at
the chantry, nor subject rivals to thaumaturgic workings
Probitas has equipped several of the villas with en-
chanted tapestries whose figures begin to caper and wail
when magic takes effect in the room.

